The Art of Burning
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/25736617.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Categories:
Fandom:
Relationships:
Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Collections:

Mature
Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
M/M, Gen
Avatar: The Last Airbender
Hakoda & Zuko (Avatar), Sokka/Zuko (Avatar), Water Tribe & Zuko
(Avatar), The Gaang & Zuko (Avatar), Toph Beifong & Zuko
Zuko (Avatar), Iroh (Avatar), Hakoda (Avatar), Southern Water Tribe Character, Toph Beifong, Katara (Avatar), Sokka (Avatar), Aang
(Avatar), Bato (Avatar), Original Characters
Zuko thought taking on an entire crew of warriors would be a good idea,
It was not a good idea, Hakoda now has the Fire Prince as a prisoner,
nobody is happy about this situation, Hurt Zuko (Avatar), Ozai (Avatar)
is an Asshole, no seriously FUCK ozai, Slowburn Adoption, this gets a
lil dark, okay maybe more than a lil, zuko eventually joins the gaang,
then there's zukka you love to see it, but slowburn i repeat SLOWBURN,
mid-season-one, inspired by muffinlance's salvage, up to like chapter 6,
Cultural Differences, petition to hurl general fong off the nearest tall
building 2020, Gay Zuko (Avatar), Bisexual Sokka (Avatar), Earth
Kingdom (Avatar), Azula (Avatar) Redemption, Kinda, i wish i could
give her more focus but this is a zuko fic, maybe next time queen, book
1: dadkoda and found family, book 2: zukka and the gaang, it's a hoot,
Angst with a Happy Ending, like a tooth-rottingly fluffy ending, we just
need to get through the angst first, like... a lot of it, Hurt/Comfort, It Gets
Worse Before It Gets Better, petition for hakoda to uppercut ozai 2021,
Internalized Homophobia, because fuck sozin and his ratty son and his
ratty son's ratty son, if ur just here for zukka then i'll say this is probs not
the fic for you, i was CLINGING to that slowburn tag
English
Best of Avatar: The Last Airbender, Long Zuko-centric AU's that I LIVE
for (seriously i'd marry them if i could), The Best of Zuko, Zuko Being a
Dumb-Dumb, Best Stories, RaeLynn's Epic Rec List, the pickiest and
pettiest, Atla fics that make me feel things, best avatar fics <3,
fantastic_fics, nonsense station's discord recs!, ✧ Favourite Fanfictions
✧, fics i will read for ever and ever and ever and ever, best zukka fics
that make me go absolutely feral, aNd ThEy WeRe ROoMmAtEs, 🫂,
fics that make you sob uncontrollably because they're so good
(multifandom), Top Shelf Fiction: Reach up and grab a bottle of the good
stuff, Creative Chaos Discord Recs, Willow's absolute favorites
, Mah Cabbages, International Fanworks Day 2022 - Classic Fic Recs,
Fics That Butter My Biscuit , fics better than a lot of published
novels, asttrraea's favorite works(●'◡'●), Best Adoption Fics, God Tier

💖

👌🏽

💖💖

Stats:

ATLA fics, FicsforKrusti, Koh's Lair, Dad Shaped ATLA fics, quality
writing just makes you cry sometimes yknow, it’s better than drugs
jeremy, Fanfics that Would be Best-Sellers if They Were Published
Books, ATLA fics, Favorites, Getting the Gaang Back Together!!,
BESTIES!! AKA: The All Time Best, krakengirl’s top tier favs of all
time, atla fics I would die for, no mom YOU live in a society,
Deserted_Island_Fics
Published: 2020-08-05 Updated: 2026-01-12 Words: 414,653 Chapters:
46/53

The Art of Burning
by hella1975
Summary

Zuko had never excelled at anything. Azula was a prodigy. Uncle always knew what to say.
And Father... Father was strong, iron-like. But Zuko had only ever been good at surviving.
Putting one foot in front of the other in a grim show of stubborn determination, gritting his
teeth and bearing it. Survival was all he had ever been taught. He knew how to do it. So when
he was kidnapped by the Southern Water Tribe, he expected to fight as he always had. He
didn’t expect to be taught instead how to live.
In a warring land, the Water Tribe forgave the enemy in an act of defiance. For this, he was
torn from them, and this time, his wounds won't heal so easily.
Forced back into nothing but survival, the last person Zuko expected to see was Hakoda's
son. Hakoda was a promise of safety. The relentless blue of Sokka’s eyes was a promise of
happiness. Zuko could have both if he just reached out his hands, but he found them
clutching into fists. After all, he’d been burned one too many times.
But hey, at least between Hakoda and Sokka, Zuko could appreciate the family resemblance
of pure, asinine stubbornness.
PODFIC AND TRANSLATIONS AVAILABLE

Translation into Deutsch available: Die Kunst zu brennen - Buch 1 by Chaos Avatar Eria
(nachtwaechterin)

Chapter 1: i. The Fire Nation Is Bountiful In Ships And
Stubborn Royals
Chapter Summary

i'm here from the future and i did in fact finally figure out how to do chapter notes (for
the love of god i wish i could roundhouse kick past-me in the face and tell her this fic
was about to get STUPID amounts of attention). the character growth of hella1975
really is a tearjerker <3. just would like to specify that this fic is two books under the
umbrella title of The Art of Burning (hence the RIDICULOUS word count; pls don't be
too intimidated by it). to put simply:
Book 1: chapters 1-19
Book 2: chapters 21-?
PSA: some of the language Zuko uses towards the Water Tribe initially is used solely
from a position of him being an unreliable narrator. he has been fed propaganda and has
been indoctrinated his entire life and his opinions are incredibly ignorant as a result. that
is the only reason for him calling them such things as 'savages' and 'barbarians' and it's
something that gets acknowledged and resolved later on as that's obviously not a general
opinion taken by the characters or me as a writer. just so this is clear from the get-go.
enjoy :) xx

Chapter Notes

Podfic available: [PODFIC] The Art Of Burning by Ph03n1xR151ng
Alternative podfic available: [PODFIC] The Art Of Burning by
septembersoffspring
Translation into Spanish available: El Arte de Arder by Feithfv
Translation into German available: Die Kunst zu Brennen by Chaos Avatar Eria
List of trigger warnings available: taob trigger warnings. I DO NOT DO chapter
specific tws and this fic is rated mature for a reason, I am not to blame for how you
choose to curate your reading experience from this point on.
Chapter by chapter summary: taob summaries
i started writing this fic in 2020 as a 17 year old that had never posted fanfiction before
and was in a pretty nasty period of writer's block on top of that. i was young and

inexperienced and decided to take on a 300k+ word project spanning over YEARS that
wound up getting an insane amount of attention. naturally, as a result, my writing style
changes SUBSTANTIALLY as the fic progresses, like to the point i am physically
incapable of rereading the first 10ish chapters because i personally find the writing so
terrible and stilted that it makes me want to pull my hair out <3. so this is just a heads up
of that. on the one hand it's fun because i can literally see my writing improve with
every single chapter but on the other hand girlie why did you have to get better with a
live studio audience like this. so yeah if you think the writing of this is shit at first then
ME TOO you are not alone but i promise taob gets her act together after a while x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

They were passing the Eastern Air Temple when it happened.
The Southern Water Tribe warriors had made better time than expected, thanks to generous
winds and La choosing to give them gentle waters. They had left the North Pole for
Chameleon Bay only two months ago, sailing without incident around the Earth Kingdom.
They got cocky.
Then it happened.
A Fire Nation cruiser. A big metal beast, cutting through the waves. They spotted it in time to
have evaded it – their ship was smaller, faster - but the younger crewmen were restless and
the senior crewmen had years of anger. Chief Hakoda made a call to stay on course and
intercept the cruiser. Evidently, that had been the wrong call.
They got away with no fatalities and a burnt but still functioning hull, but Bato, Hakoda’s
Second and lifelong friend, got injured. Bad. Hakoda would never forget the strained look in
Kanut’s eyes as he turned to Bato’s mutilated arm. Hakoda would never forget the sound of
Bato gritting his teeth to hide his agony. Hakoda would never forget the smell of burning
flesh.
Hakoda was a leader. Leaders made decisions. This was the responsibility that crushed him
when those decisions turned out to be wrong, and lately, those decisions had all been wrong.
Only last week, General Fong – a close ally to the Southern Water Tribe that Hakoda had
spent the past year working with over their plans for Chameleon Bay – had cut ties with the
Ullaakut. Fong was an excellent strategist, but he saw the Water Tribe as beneath him. He
was constantly trying to get things by Hakoda, assuming Hakoda wouldn't notice.
Oftentimes, Hakoda feigned obliviousness simply for an easier alliance, seeing as most of
their supplies came from the Earth Kingdom and starvation was worse than a kick to
Hakoda’s ego, but last week, General Fong had tried to create an agreement with Hakoda. He
hid it behind fancy wordplay, but Bato had translated the paperwork. If Hakoda signed, the
Earth Kingdom would pull back their supplies, and in return, the Ullaakut would join their
navy officially. The Water Tribe gained absolutely nothing. This was more than subtle
exploitation; this was General Fong spitting in Hakoda’s face. Hakoda hadn’t stood for it.
Bato tried to stop him, but he got in an argument all the same.

Now the Ullaakut had to find her own supplies, but at least she wasn’t in some Earth
Kingdom navy.
And after what was about to happen next, it would seem Hakoda’s bad decisions just kept on
coming.
Nanook was friends with a boy from the Colonies because Nanook was friends with
everybody. This friend of his had mentioned an Abbey, on the coast of the Mo Ce Sea. The
nuns were the most advanced healers Nanook knew. The nuns were Bato’s only chance.
Even though the nuns were hundreds of miles in the wrong direction.
But Bato was more than a Second to Hakoda, and that decision had been an easy one. They
sailed to Chameleon Bay, then through it to the East Lake. Some of the younger crewmen had
laughed here, revelling in theirs being the only ship in the entire lake.
They soon realised why. They soon realised why the strip of rocks separating the East Lake
and the West Lake was named the Serpent’s Pass.
They almost sunk. Chena got thrown overboard more than once, oaf that he was. They barely
made it out, and they were all on high alert after that. It was clear they didn’t know these
waters, and it was clear these waters didn’t want them here.
Hakoda had known they couldn’t risk sailing much further into the Colonies. Bato had known
too. The two men made an agreement. No words were needed - they'd known each other too
long for that – but when they stopped on a thin strip of Eastern coast along the Colonies, Bato
had got off. Even though Nanook’s Abbey was a distance on foot. Even though the territory
they were leaving Bato in belonged to the ashmakers.
“I’ll see you soon, Chief.” Bato had smiled from the shore. It looked more like a grimace.
“Don’t go scrapping with General Fong again.”
“Have fun with the nuns.” Hakoda grinned back, leaning on the deck’s railings as each
second put more and more water between him and his friend.
Tomkin, the crew’s youngest member, ran to Hakoda’s side, waving with the enthusiasm of
an excited Polar dog. “We’ll try not to sink before you catch up!” He called, and Bato
laughed, then he winced. Hakoda couldn’t help but wince with him. He had known a lot
would happen before he saw his friend again.
He certainly hadn’t known the Prince of the Fire Nation would happen.
____
Uncle kept badgering him. Where have you been, Prince Zuko? Why is there a bruise on your
face, Prince Zuko? Have you slept, Prince Zuko? Zuko didn’t want to answer those
questions, so he found himself on the deck of his ship, the Erlong, glaring out at the water
around him. Brooding. He needed to think about what happened at the Pohuai Stronghold,
but every time his mind turned to the logistics of it, he became distracted.

Do you think we could have been friends? The Avatar had asked him. Him, the firebender
who had actively been hunting the Avatar since the South Pole, since so much longer than
that. And he’d asked in that voice. That voice that was hopeful and innocent and twelve.
Zuko had been charged to hunt a divine being of endless power. He was still coming to terms
with the fact that that divine being was a child.
"Your Highness?”
Lieutenant Jee had once sounded tense when he spoke to Zuko, that bitten back anger the
prince knew so well, that hatred of the Erlong’s teenage captain practically oozing from the
senior Lieutenant. Lieutenant Jee had changed since last week’s storm. In fact, the entire crew
had changed. They looked at Zuko different. It unsettled him. Even now, the tension from
Lieutenant Jee’s voice had reduced to simple caution, his footsteps clanging annoyingly on
the metal deck.
“What?" Zuko hissed, jerking his head to the side but not turning to face the member of his
crew.
“The helmsman has spotted a ship ahead of us. A Water Tribe ship.”
Zuko remembered the girl with the beads in her hair and grit in her blue eyes. Zuko
remembered the boy with the boomerang. The Water Tribe were not his friend on a good day.
But today was not a good day, and Zuko’s eyes narrowed on the miniscule spot in the
distance.
“Well,” he said, “they’re a long way from home.”
____
It was a good morning. A sailor’s morning, as Hakoda's father would have once called it. The
wind was strong and the sky was clear. The crew were busy doing their chores for the day,
most of them bristling with the knowledge that they were so close to a Fire Nation
stronghold. The locals had told them it was called Pohuai; a fortress boasting archers that
could pin a fly to a tree from a hundred yards away without killing it. Nonetheless, the Water
Tribe sailed on. Their ship, the Ullaakut, was small and alone, passing quietly through the
narrow pass to the Mo Ce Sea. The Fire Nation wouldn’t even notice them.
“The animals here are weird." Tomkin said, face scrunched up as he poked and prodded the
animal lying on the deck before him. It seemed to be some sort of rabbit, except it wasn’t
white like in the South Pole, and its ears were ridiculously large. Chena had spotted a cluster
of the little creatures gathered right on the shore, metres from the Ullaakut. Chena, being
Chena, didn’t hesitate to kill them, and now they had four dead sort-of-rabbits before them.
“That jaw blade isn’t decorative, kid.” Hakoda said with a nod to the toothed blade by
Tomkin’s crossed legs. “Get skinning.”
“I hate skinning.” Tomkin mumbled. Bato usually took over skinning from Tomkin, knowing
the youngest crewman hated the blood, but it had been a week since they left Bato at the
Abbey, and as if remembering this, Tomkin did as he was told.

“Chena,” Nanook said with wide blue eyes, halfway through skinning his own rabbit, “is
there a reason my imposter-rabbit is half-decapitated?"
Chena shrugged, cracking his big knuckles in his even bigger hands. “Critter got feisty.” Was
all he offered.
“You idiots aren’t calling them imposter-rabbits.” Kanut interjected. Hakoda was surprised
the healer had joined them. He usually spent his free time with his nose in a book.
“Oh yeah, wise guy?” Tomkin grinned. “What’s their real name?”
“Lop-eared rabbits.” Kanut flicked a strand of his white hair from his eyes with a smug smile.
Of course he would know their real name. “And you just pierced its bladder.”
Tomkin cried out in horror. Sure enough, the liquid dripping on him was not what he had
assumed it was. The crew burst out laughing, and even Hakoda couldn’t help but shake his
head at the youngest crewman.
That was when the wind seemed to change, and a dark shadow appeared on the horizon.
____
“Prince Zuko, it is not wise to pick battles you have no need for.” Uncle Iroh said, his voice
always level, but now with an undertone of uncertainty as the crew prepared for a fight. Zuko
strapped on his armour, which was always too heavy on his lanky limbs. Not that he’d ever
admit that.
“The Northern Water tribe have mocked the Fire Nation for decades with their mutiny.” Zuko
said with a scowl. “They are the enemy.”
Zuko knew sinking a single Water Tribe ship wouldn’t bring his honour back, wouldn’t make
Father love him. But it made him more Fire Nation, and that was a start. Zuko had always
been too soft, too weak, too everything Azula wasn’t. Do you think we could have been
friends? Zuko would burn his own edges so the stupid Avatar would never even consider that
question again.
“Nephew,” Uncle tried again, his tone different, “the men on that ship have fathers too.”
Zuko froze, mid-buckle of his armour.
“And brothers and sisters and children and wives.” Uncle continued. “You do not have to be a
part of this war. You do not want to be a part of this war. I speak from experience when I tell
you it gains you nothing and loses you everything.”
But Zuko already had lost everything. He was a stain on his family’s name and scorned by
the Fire Nation. They didn't want a prince like him, a prince who saw a Water Tribe ship in
his father’s Colonies - his Colonies - and didn’t attack.
Uncle placed a calloused hand to Zuko’s shoulder. Zuko barely even jumped when Uncle
touched him now, but in that moment, he couldn’t help it. He'd been staring at the Water

Tribe ship. It was closer now. Close enough to see the men scrambling on its deck.
Perhaps Uncle was right.
____
It was a lone ship and it was unmistakably Fire Nation. The metal hull, the smoke billowing
in its wake, the unnatural speed of it as it sliced through the waters. Yep, Fire Nation.
It was also unmistakably going to attack the Ullaakut.
“Chena, get the tangle mines! Kanut, below deck! Aput, the armoury-!” Hakoda’s orders
came out strong and without hesitation. It was times like this that the crew saw the true power
of their chief. They carried out each task he set them, over a dozen men running around one
small boat. In the rush of it all, it was easy to miss Nanook ruffling Tomkin’s hair, or Chena
knocking shoulders with Kanut.
A battle was not something you got used to, and this crew had said goodbye to one another a
thousand times.
Hakoda clutched his spear tighter, glaring at the black ship before him, watching the predator
lunge.
____
They weren’t retreating. Zuko had slowed his advance but the Water Tribe hadn’t. They were
storming forward on their path, weapons raised, even as Zuko refused each request his crew
made.
Your Highness, shall we light the catapult?
No.
Permission to arm, Sir?
Denied.
And Uncle had that glint in his bronze eyes. The glint he got when Zuko caved and accepted
a cup of tea, the glint he got when Zuko saved the helmsman last week, the glint he got when
Zuko walked away from Zhao after winning that Agni Kai. What even was that look, aside
infuriating?
It wasn’t enough to keep Zuko still, that was for sure. His finger tapped his bicep to the
sporadic racing of his heart, the movement hidden by his sleeves and crossed arms. He was
itching to turn and walk inside the control tower. Sparing this ship felt less like cowardice if
he... ran away.
He knew the logic was flawed, but Zuko had heard about Water Tribe warriors like the ones
sailing this ship. Savages, that's what the generals back home called them. Zuko had been
told stories of these strange, fur-clad men who roamed the ice that was uninhabitable to

firebenders, how they hunted with weapons made of bone, how they drank the blood of their
prey, how they...
Not that Zuko was scared.
But they were close now. Prince Zuko saw a large man, shoulders broad, back straight with
the kind of pride only power could bring, staring right back at him. His hand was raised to the
side, his men eagerly awaiting the fall of his arm, the order to attack. Why was he staring at
him like that? It was weird, and Zuko would have felt much better in his cabin pretending to
have never seen the Water Tribe ship in the first place. He decided that was the best port of
call.
Three things happened simultaneously. Prince Zuko turned with an aggressive huff to leave,
the large man’s arm swung down, and Zuko realised that the staring had, in actual fact, been a
stand-off.
Zuko was such an idiot.
____
“They aren’t even trying to attack.” Nanook said quietly, machete held so tight at his side that
his knuckles glistened.
“The smug bastards don’t think we’re worth their weapons.” Chena snarled, anger rippling
from him like waves in the ocean.
Hakoda was watching the Fire Nation ship intently. His crew were right; the enemy wasn’t
even preparing. They were clearly soldiers with that armour and that stance, stood in line on
their deck, but they held no weapons, and their single catapult sat unlit.
And stood before them were two men. One was old, with long grey hair and a pointed beard,
short and stout and listless. The second was blatantly younger, but the Ullaakut was too short
for Hakoda to see fully the man’s age. All Hakoda could make out was a plume of charcoal
black hair tied back with red, and an angry, marked face. By the Spirits, what even was that
on his face? War paint?
If he was the only one wearing war paint, then he was probably the captain.
“Waiting on your call, Chief.” Chena said, turning to look to where Hakoda stood at the bow.
“Tulok has a tangle mine ready.”
But Hakoda was looking at the Fire Nation captain. He learnt his lesson by the Eastern Air
Temple. Hakoda didn’t have the men to spare for unnecessary conflict. This captain was
acting peculiarly. Why hadn’t he attacked yet? Why wasn’t he preparing his men? Why was
he staring?
Was he waiting for Hakoda to make the first move?
Hakoda raised his hand in Chena’s general direction, refusing to look away from the Fire
Nation captain but indicating to his crew to be ready to attack. Hakoda felt an exhausted hope

within him, one that had been crushed too many times, as he watched the captain, prayed that
the captain would decide not to spill blood today.
The captain didn’t hear his prayers. He spun to his crew with too much elegance for a sailor
or a solider and Hakoda didn’t give him the chance to give the kill order. Hakoda dropped his
hand. The tangle mine shot into the propeller. Two worlds collided.
And that exhausted hope was crushed once more.
____
Just because Lieutenant Jee had been aboard the young prince’s ship for three years didn’t
mean he liked the stupid boy. He simply grew used to him. He knew how to weather Prince
Zuko’s anger now, how to answer the demands made of him without feeling the constant urge
to commit child murder.
Because that was the thing. Prince Zuko was only a child.
And so what if Lieutenant Jee saw him different after what General Iroh told the crew last
week? So what if Prince Zuko’s scar really did look a little like a hand that never should have
harmed him? Knowing the truth behind Prince Zuko’s hostility certainly hadn’t made him
any nicer. His Highness had all the ferocity and defensive attitude as a tigerdillo.
A particularly young tigerdillo... who had been through something awful... and always turned
almost nice when he spoke with his Uncle... almost... endearing.
And it was because of being aboard the young prince’s ship for three years, and now knowing
what he knew from General Iroh, that Lieutenant Jee was starting to understand Prince Zuko.
This was how he knew the prince had never intended to start the fight.
But obviously, when it came to Prince Zuko, the fight followed him regardless, and now there
were a dozen Water Tribe warriors in combat with half a dozen unprepared Fire Nation
soldiers on the deck of the Erlong. Arrows fired from crossbows, swords clashed against
machetes, men called to one another, blue bled into red and red stained the blue. Lieutenant
Jee ducked and dodged, swinging his fist into the jaw of a much smaller man. A ball of
flames erupted in Lieutenant Jee’s hand, an arrogant grin pulling his lips as he aimed at the
first coat of blue he saw.
That was when the ship groaned beneath him with enough volume to make the deck tremble.
____
The Water Tribe warrior rushed Zuko, wielding a raised spear, the spike glistening white in
Agni’s rays. They really did make their weapons from bones. Zuko ducked swiftly like he’d
trained to, using his small size against the man’s hugeness. And this man was huge. The
prince had heard about the tall, broad builds of the Water Tribe citizens, but even next to his
own crew, the warrior was gigantic. His shoulders were wider than three of Zuko, his arms
big enough to break necks before breaking a sweat. It was his eyes that were the most
unsettling. A heartless grey, narrowed on Zuko.

“Ashmaker.” The man spat, lumbering forward and arcing his spear down to pierce Zuko’s
chest. Or at least it would have pierced Zuko’s chest if he hadn’t hopped to the side, kicking
the back of the warrior’s knee so that he fell to the floor, jabbing a sharp elbow into the small
of his back now he was vulnerable.
Over the man’s wheezing curses, Zuko hissed a response. "Barbarian."
The man didn’t stay down. Zuko hadn’t expected him to. But Zuko could picture only his
dual swords, hung in his cabin so as to appear decorative. Without them, he had only his
bending to defend him against an experienced warrior twice his size.
It would have to be enough.
No. It would be enough. He was Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation. He wasn’t going to panic
because a ruffian with a spear came at him. He wasn’t going to be weak.
The rage inside him burned, and in turn, so did Zuko’s hands. The warrior – who had by now
staggered to his feet – gasped quietly, grey eyes widening in shock, as if he had thought Zuko
was a non-bender. The surprise didn’t last, and the two clashed once more. The warrior was
strong. The blows he struck weren’t painful, they were agonising. Fists bruising and, once or
twice, the sharp bone of his spear slicing Zuko’s skin. But Zuko was quick. He always had
been. So long as he could evade, he could turn the warrior’s size against him. He could-.
A deafening groan slit through the battle, the metal deck rumbling beneath Zuko’s feet. Zuko
wasn’t a trained sailor, but he was pretty sure that was not supposed to happen.
“Nephew!” Uncle was calling him. He sounded worried, almost desperate.
Zuko focussed and threw up a wall of fire between him and the big warrior, watching with
satisfaction as the man jumped back a few paces. Zuko used those seconds to search the deck.
His soldiers were far fewer and the sudden distress of their ship made them look to one
another in a panic. Idiots, Zuko thought. Showing weakness before an enemy was a death
sentence.
He watched it play out. Watched one of his youngest soldiers, a boy called Lee only a year
older than Zuko, take a single step back in fear. Watched one of the warriors zone in on this
fear like a shirshu picking up a scent. Watched Lee throw a clumsy ball of fire and miss.
Watched the warrior hurl the sharp blade of a boomerang forward. Lee tried to evade it,
stumbling back, knocking over Uncle’s pai sho table so that the tiles scattered loudly on the
metal deck, but Lee was too inexperienced to dodge such a quick attack. The boomerang slit
his throat, returning to the hand of the Water Tribe savage, and Lee’s body fell to the floor.
“Daydreaming, kid?” The big warrior demanded, suddenly in Zuko’s face, oblivious to what
Zuko had wasted his precious seconds staring at.
“I’m not a kid.” Zuko hissed, affronted, but he felt sick and he could smell blood and if he
wanted any credence then he needed to stop being such a baby. There was a war going on.
People were bound to die.

It's just that Zuko had never seen death quite like that before, and Lee had a wonderful voice
on music nights that drifted through Zuko’s open cabin window that he definitely didn’t keep
open because he liked the music, it was just hot in his cabin some nights. And alright, maybe
sometimes he’d pick up the stupid djembe drum Uncle had left in his room – another of his
pointless purchases – and tap along the songs his mother used to show him, the beats moving
perfectly through the air with Lee’s voice-.
And now Lee was dead.
Uncle kept calling him but Zuko knew only fire, and he attacked the warrior before him with
all the hatred he harboured.
____
The tangle mine had completely paralysed the propeller, and some of the Water Tribe
warriors had got below deck to mess with the mechanics. The ship was going to sink. And
worse still, Lieutenant Jee had just been told that Admiral Zhao’s ship was approaching.
Soon, the cruel man who constantly harassed Prince Zuko, a teenager, would be traversing
the horizon, bearing witness to this. The Erlong was sinking and would be completely
destroyed soon. The soldiers were determined but outnumbered. Even if they won the battle
against the Water Tribe warriors, which they could only do if the prince thought with more
than his anger and if General Iroh overcame his sudden pacifism, then they would have no
ship to claim victory aboard.
Lieutenant Jee knew what had to happen now.
His hands were bloody as he ran to the General, avoiding the blows firing between the two
forces. General Iroh stood at the bow of the ship, an ashen circle around him. He had used
only defence for this entire fight.
Lieutenant Jee had seen first-hand the wisdom this General had grown since his failure in Ba
Sing Se, and he had heard how the death of his son, Lu Ten, had broken him from something
that was once esteemed to something lowly and docile. Despite these rumours and the
insistence that General Iroh was a tale of falling from grace, Lieutenant Jee had always
respected him. Even now, Lieutenant Jee knew there was a reason behind all of General
Iroh’s actions. A convoluted one, but a reason all the same.
“General!” Lieutenant Jee called to be heard over the cries of battle.
“They aren’t benders.” General Iroh said, making Lieutenant Jee stop short. It was something
he had noticed when the fight started. While the warriors fought with the ferocity of their
people, none of them had taken advantage of the water around them. It was the only thing
making the fight semi-equal.
Lieutenant Jee turned back to the General. “We need to-."
“I know, Lieutenant.” General Iroh said, voice taut, his bronze eyes focussed on a single
figure that made fighting look like a dance he had perfected. “We need to leave.”

It was a difficult realisation, but they both knew it. Admiral Zhao couldn’t see them like this.
Admiral Zhao couldn’t see Prince Zuko like this. The Admiral wouldn’t care that the prince
was outnumbered, or that there was nothing they could do to fix the ship, or that the prince
had tried peace before those Water Tribe savages refused it. Admiral Zhao would care only
that the prince had failed. He would revel in it.
Lieutenant Jee gave the order for the men to start falling back, an order he gave only with the
confidence of General Iroh backing him, because he knew the prince would bite his head off
for that one. The soldiers’ relief was blatant as they staggered back, exhausted. By now, the
Erlong’s deterioration was all anyone could hear. Lieutenant Jee couldn’t even hear his own
yells over the complaining metal.
But he could see.
He could see General Iroh calling to his nephew. He could see the prince first ignore him,
then refuse him. He could see Prince Zuko keep going even as his soldiers abandoned ship.
He could see that Prince Zuko wouldn’t stop fighting if it killed him. He could see that
General Iroh knew it would kill him, and wouldn’t allow it.
“Zuko!” General Iroh yelled again as a particularly large Water Tribe warrior propelled his
fist into the young Prince’s ribs. Prince Zuko stumbled back a pace, cradling his small torso,
but only fought back with more malice.
Surrender was not a word in his dictionary.
____
Zuko was a terrible liar. He always had been. Azula had been able to weave words together
like poetry ever since she was little, but whenever Zuko tried, he’d fidget, or blush, or just
panic so much he’d turn rigid and stop talking altogether.
He lied to Father once. Only once. He'd been eight at the time, trying to practice a form that
Azula had of course already perfected. He knocked a vase, an antique, and watched it shatter
on the marble. That had been Grandfather Azulon’s vase. When Father had asked in that icy
tone who had done it, Zuko tried to blame one of the servants. So, Father had the servant
dragged before him, crying and begging for a mercy he didn’t even know the name of. Zuko
broke as quick as the vase, admitting through sobs that he had done it and that he was sorry.
Father wasn’t pleased. Zuko could still remember that servant’s scream of agony as Father set
fire to the poor man’s hands. Zuko could remember lunging to try and help, his mother
wrapping him tightly in her arms and pressing his face to her shoulder where he couldn’t see
the horror he had inflicted. This is what happens when you lie, Father had said. Mother led
Zuko to his room and he held it together until it was just them, then he threw up and cried in
her arms until morning.
Prince Zuko couldn’t lie, but he could exploit his Uncle’s faith. If he didn’t, Uncle would
never leave. The ship was sinking, the men were outnumbered, and Zhao was coming. Zuko
wouldn't damn his crew for the sake of his pride, only himself.

“Please, Prince Zuko. As a leader, you must take the path of wisdom, not glory.” Uncle
begged, gaze flicking between the crew that had made it safely to the green grass of the
nearby land, and Zuko, who had managed to get to his Uncle’s side before that Water Tribe
brute caved his head in. They only had a moment before the warriors would be on them
again. He only had a moment to choose.
“Okay.” Zuko said, and Uncle’s eyes widened in surprise. That had been... too easy. Much,
much too easy. But Zuko knew Uncle was too desperate to get away to think hard on Zuko’s
actions, so Uncle nodded sternly, before descending the Erlong’s trembling ladder. Lieutenant
Jee was there to help the old General. Zuko watched until he was sure his uncle was safe,
before nodding to Lieutenant Jee. The man’s eyes widened, before understanding took over
and he nodded back. He would take care of Uncle Iroh.
Zuko pulled up the ladder.
“No!” Uncle cried, realising that Zuko had never intended to go with him. Prince Zuko
dashed away from the rail, because the horror in his Uncle’s bronze eyes made him feel as
heartbroken as when he was eight.
In his mind, he still saw his dual swords. He wasn't going anywhere without them.
____
The men had begun to celebrate, throwing tired grins to one another, slapping hands to
shoulders. It was less victory and more relief. Hakoda watched the Fire Nation soldiers hop
their ship’s rail one by one, the spear in his hand suddenly a lot lighter.
“Shall we chase them?” Chena suggested. He was bleeding, his lip split and entire left side
burnt. It wasn’t a serious burn, but it was big.
Hakoda thought a moment. If they chased them, they could kill them. Ridding the world of
even a handful of Fire Nation soldiers was a justice in itself, and some of these were
firebenders. But despite the Ullaakut’s crew having more men, the Fire Nation had done a lot
of damage. Hakoda needed to tend to his wounded. He needed to make sure no one had
sabotaged his ship. He needed to check he hadn’t lost anyone.
“No. Get Kanut.” Hakoda said, and Chena nodded before stomping off.
“Wait.” Tulok said, raising his bloody boomerang suddenly, jerking his chin towards the rail.
Hakoda snapped his attention to what his crewman had spotted, his stomach knotting when
he saw a young soldier take a symbolic step away from the rail. Towards them.
This was the captain. Or at least, Hakoda had thought this was the captain from the low deck
of the Ullaakut. He knew now that he was looking at a boy, a kid. And the mark on his face
was not war paint, but in fact a burn, raging over his left eye and turning every expression
into a scowl, though Hakoda had a feeling most of this boy’s expressions were scowls
anyway.

“Back for more?” Chena was grinning, but it was the grin he pulled when he was about to hit
something, his grey eyes on this boy and this boy alone. They must have fought during the
melee – the anger on Chena’s large form just screamed personal – but Hakoda found it
unlikely that this soldier had been the one to burn Chena. It wasn’t that he probably wasn’t a
bender, given that scar, but just the fact that he was so... small. He didn’t have nearly enough
bruises to have taken on Chena.
“Come on, boy. I want to see what they teach children in the Fire Nation.” Chena goaded
further, taking a step forward. They needed to leave soon. The Fire Nation ship had gone
eerily quiet, which was never good news. Hypothermia patients always went quiet before
they died. Hakoda didn’t want to be here when the ship’s mechanics gave in entirely.
The Water Tribe warriors had found their back to the ship’s control tower, and Hakoda
noticed something that Chena didn’t. The soldier was looking at the door they were
unknowingly guarding, not them.
There was something here that he wanted.
“Keep talking and you might just get a lesson.” The boy said, voice a rasp like rocks against a
ship’s hull.
“Chena,” Nanook said weakly, being held up by Tomkin thanks to a gruesome burn on his
chest that had singed entirely through his shirt, blood staining the blue, “he’s just a teenager.”
“So is Tomkin.” Aput said. “Do you think if that was Tomkin and we were Fire Nation, they
would spare him?”
They all knew the answer, and even the thought of Tomkin in such a position made Hakoda’s
fist clench at his side. Tomkin swallowed nervously, looking to his chief. One by one, the
others did the same. Hakoda knew they would have to kill this boy. Hakoda didn’t even feel
much remorse. They gave the soldiers every opportunity to flee. This one decided he wanted
to fight.
A lot like Sokka. In fact, this boy was around Sokka’s age...
No. This boy was Fire Nation.
Hakoda worked his jaw, looking to Chena. He nodded once and Chena’s grin grew as he
picked up a machete from the floor.
____
The machete fit the warrior’s big hand like it had been fashioned for it, the blade sharp and
ready to snatch Zuko’s life. This... had been a very bad idea. The Water Tribe warriors
weren’t supposed to be in his way. He was supposed to be able to get into the tower, grab his
dual swords, and then...
And then what? Just like Uncle always said, he hadn’t thought this through.
So Prince Zuko would do what he had always done. Prince Zuko would fight.

“Come on then.” The big warrior taunted. Prince Zuko felt the rage within him sear its
confines, his chi unsettled, but he kept it in check. Just a little longer. The big warrior took
another step forward. Just a tiny bit more...
One more oblivious step, then Zuko lunged, and fire exploded on the deck.
The Water Tribe warriors who had opted to let Zuko and their biggest warrior fight this out
jumped in shock. Zuko had noticed that none of this crew were waterbenders – though why
the Northern Water Tribe wanted a crew of non-benders sailing alone was beyond him – but
that didn’t mean Zuko wasn’t sick of people assuming he was a non-bender. He let this add to
the rest of his frustrations, kicking out at the big warrior with the moves Uncle taught him,
fire shooting from his feet. The big warrior rolled just in time, and a second explosion of fire
saw the other warriors move to avoid it. The door to the control tower was clear. Zuko could
see it. Zuko could do this.
The machete swung down. Zuko grabbed the warrior’s arm. He knew he wasn’t strong
enough to stop the blow, so instead he pushed it away, the man’s heavy weight tumbling with
him as Zuko shoved him with all the muscle he had. But the warrior was getting attuned to
the way Zuko fought. He'd expected something like this, and instead of falling, he rolled,
standing behind Zuko and slicing his machete down Zuko’s back. The pain was white hot,
like Zuko's own bending gone wrong, like looking up at Father and seeing only fire. Blood
began to spread through the linen of Zuko’s shirt, dripping between his shoulder blades. It
was a big cut, deep, and if left much longer, fatal.
Prince Zuko spun to face his opponent, the agony of having his back turned now all too
literal. The big warrior looked smug, but he was panting slightly. Zuko’s quick movements
were tiring him. They were both on a time limit. The warrior, too big to continue at this pace.
Zuko, too injured to keep fighting. The rest of the Water Tribe had moved even more. The
door was almost comically clear.
Zuko moved too slow. He lunged towards the door, missing the muscled arm swooping
down. His momentum surged forwards but it was snatched back just as quickly, the big
warrior’s arm wrapping around his waist, throwing Zuko to the ground. The metal deck
slammed against the cut on Zuko’s back and he was too winded to even scream out the pain
that filled every nerve of his body. Instead, he coughed, spluttering, desperately trying to take
the weight off his wound, his entire body freezing up for a moment. His fire wasn’t coming.
The Water Tribe were.
He managed to push onto his chest, stubbornness overcoming his pain. He had faced worse.
He needed to suck it up and get on with it.
Zuko tried to crawl towards the door, the pai sho tiles pricking his palms. Distantly, he saw
the white lotus tile staring at him. Uncle's favourite tile. Zuko grabbed it in his bloody hand,
forcing himself to keep crawling. His world seemed to stop and start with those dual swords.
But he knew they were a pipe dream, a falsehood of safety. He couldn’t win this fight. He
was going to die here. And he definitely wasn’t scared, because he wasn’t weak, but he
thought of Uncle’s anguish, the taste of jasmine tea. He thought of his father. He would never
make him proud now.

The big warrior loomed over him, kicking Zuko onto his back again and missing how Zuko
hissed in a breath at this fact, one knee to the metal deck, one knee pressing against Zuko’s
chest, pushing his cut harder to the Erlong. The man was just so heavy. He wrapped two big
hands around Zuko’s neck and suddenly Zuko couldn’t breathe, and he clawed at the man and
tried to kick him away but it was no good.
“Stupid brat.” The man hissed. “Stupid Fire Nation. Stupid kid.”
And the fire returned. Because Zuko wasn’t a stupid kid. He would prove he wasn’t. He
would make Father proud. He would make his nation proud. He would fight. Until the last
beat of his heart, he would fight.
With the blood of his cut lip making his mouth taste metallic, Prince Zuko used the last of his
energy to spit in the warrior’s face. The man yelled in disgust, his hands loosening enough for
Zuko to suck in a breath.
“I’m not a kid.” Zuko snarled through grit teeth, each word like knives up his throat as he
glared at the man on top of him.
“I am Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation. Son of Ursa and Fire Lord Ozai, heir to the throne."
____
The chief went quiet when the kid said that. All of them did, actually. Even Chena found
himself hesitating, hands still wrapped around the little critter’s neck but releasing any
pressure he’d previously applied. The skin beneath his fingers was royal, was the spawn of
the Fire Lord. If Chena didn’t want this brat dead before, he certainly did now. He wanted to
crush his ribs beneath his knee, or leave him to bleed out on his own ship, or choke the life
from him, or throw him overboard. Drowning would be a fitting death bestowed from a
Water Tribe warrior, especially when it was bestowed upon the Fire Nation’s Prince.
“Chena, get him up.” Hakoda ordered, and Chena felt confusion fill him, but he trusted his
chief with his life and didn’t hesitate to yank the prince to his feet. The boy was a little shaky,
and the puddle of blood he left behind said why. He barely came to Chena's elbow, but he
glared with the ferocity of someone twice the height. Spoilt brat.
Hakoda walked to stand before the prince, his blue eyes relentless. That was the thing about
Hakoda. Chena had his muscle, Bato had his wit, but none of them had an inescapable aura
quite like Hakoda’s. Even the prince could feel it. It was the slightest reaction, but having
yanked the little royal to his side, hand still firmly wrapped around his arm to keep him there,
Chena could feel the sudden rigidness that overcame the teenager.
Hakoda grabbed the kid’s chin, turning his face to eye up his scar. It was a nasty burn.
Probably did it to himself in his own arrogance.
The prince flinched and for a moment didn’t think to pull away, before remembering that
option and yanking himself back. Chena tightened his grip in warning.

“Do it, coward.” The prince snarled, blood dripping down his chin as his gold eyes flicked to
Hakoda’s spear. Spirits, those eyes were gold. “Kill me.”
Hakoda had his thinking face on. As if to rush him, the ship groaned. It had been quiet for
some time now; that couldn’t be good. They didn’t have time. Chena could end this Prince
now and then they could all hop back on the Ullaakut and be done with this.
“Chief,” Tomkin started, now holding Nanook up with Tulok’s help after the warrior’s
injuries caused him to pass out, “are we even able to kill him? I mean, if the Fire Lord comes
after us because we killed his son-.”
“We can hardly keep him.” Aput argued. That was true. The Ullaakut was a boat for fighting
and hunting, not keeping prisoners, and especially not prisoners who could produce fire at
will.
“No,” Hakoda said gruffly, and everyone silenced, “but General Fong can.”
____
Prince Zuko wanted to say something, anything. But he had the worst migraine, and the metal
deck was beginning to tilt, and he was starting to be a little grateful for how tight that brute of
a warrior held him. And then that man stepped forward. That man who grabbed his face like
he was some animal in a cage. That man with the recognisable build and same pride in his
spine. Except this man’s eyes weren’t gold. They were blue. Blue, and icy as the ocean. The
likeness to the vast water around them made Zuko’s throat burn. Drowning was suddenly so
appealing, if it got Zuko away from him.
Something about the Earth Kingdom was said, and then Zuko was being dragged from the
Erlong. He didn’t like this. The Earth Kingdom crushed firebenders’ hands. But he was too
weak and it took all of his energy just to stay standing. He refused to collapse in front of
these savages.
____
Hakoda was making a political move, which was all well and good, except Hakoda wasn’t
political. He didn’t know how to barter with General Fong and he certainly didn’t know how
to negotiate with the Fire Lord, but he also didn’t know how to keep a firebender prisoner on
a wooden ship. He wanted to kill this boy, this Prince.
But he had been presented with an opportunity. General Fong was powerful enough and
clever enough to correspond with the Fire Lord. With the prince as his hostage, General Fong
could ask the man of anything. In the time before Hakoda let his temper control him, General
Fong had made sure there was supplies for the Ullaakut to restock at every Earth Kingdom
port. Without those supplies, Hakoda would have to cut into the ship’s own finances, which
were very, very limited. Whether he liked it or not, General Fong was an ally Hakoda needed
back desperately.
And this kid might just be the solution.

Chena took the stubborn Prince with him, Hakoda close behind and a wide-eyed Kanut
emerging from the infirmary. Hakoda sent the crew away with the order of raiding the Fire
Nation ship for supplies – preferably before it sank or, worse, exploded. Many were
wounded, but the only serious injuries were Nanook’s and the damage Chena and Prince
Zuko did to one another. Nanook's burn wasn’t nearly as bad as the prince’s slashed back and
bruised neck, yet Nanook was the one who had to be carried to Kanut.
“We should throw him to the dolphin-piranhas.” Chena grumbled.
Kanut, who still looked decidedly like a man who had no idea why there was a Fire Nation
teenager being marched to his infirmary, didn’t hesitate to respond. "They don’t even have
dolphin-piranhas this far north, dumbass."
Chena on the prince’s arm seemed only decorative; he walked forward like the blood
dripping from him wasn’t a problem. Hakoda was concerned, wondering if Fire Nation royals
simply didn’t feel pain. His concern was short-lived, because as soon as they were below
deck away from view, the Prince of the Fire Nation promptly collapsed.
Spirits, Hakoda thought, give me strength.

Chapter End Notes

future me again because past me just started this fic so messily and thought that was
okay. just a little note to say that this fic was originally me writing my own little version
of salvage in a VERY self-indulgent way, and then it got out of hand (clearly), so the
first few chapters are very akin to muffinlance's wonderful work, but by chapter 6 that
goes away.
ALSO quick psa: the time frame for this sees Bato Of The Water Tribe happen BEFORE
The Blue Spirit, for convenience xx

Chapter 2: i. The Deck Is NOT A Barbeque
Chapter Notes

umm?? why are you guys so nice?? i literally expected maybe two people to enjoy this
and i wake up to see over SIX HUNDRED hits?!? i'm fine this is fine. thank you so
much for your comments <33

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“He going to be okay?”
Hakoda had asked a simple question, but Kanut still hesitated far too long for his liking.
Kanut had the expression of a man much put upon, after being up into the night treating
Nanook’s and Chena’s semi-serious injuries, and of course spending most of his time keeping
the prince from death. The healer now looked exhausted, hands stained red despite having
washed them twice.
“I don’t know, Chief.” Kanut’s tone was grim, which was strange, because Kanut was very
good at staying impartial when it came to patients. It was why he was so good at what he did.
“He lost a lot of blood, and there’s still a chance of infection.”
The topic of their conversation stirred slightly. Kanut’s box infirmary was one of the biggest
rooms on the Ullaakut, but still small when considered generally. The wooden walls were
lined with shelves, two thin beds pushed into the corners, and then a third – a bunk for Kanut
– wedged into the far wall. The rest of the space was taken up by a table, stacked with books,
and an oil lamp hanging above the door. This door was the only door in the ship with an
industrial lock. It was expensive, but Kanut was their healer. If he died, so did a dozen others.
They couldn’t risk a soldier getting in here.
And there was the Prince of the Fire Nation, currently lying in one of the beds, facedown,
surrounded by bloodstained white sheets. They'd managed to peel off his heavy armour, then
his sodden linen shirt, revealing a torso too toned, too scarred, to be the body of a teenager.
Then there was the cut itself. Kanut said it wasn’t just a cut, that it was too big for that. This
was a laceration. The skin from his left hip to the base of his neck had been completely
sliced by Chena’s machete. At least it’s clean, Kanut had tried, but him and Hakoda both saw
the same thing. A child, with deathly pale skin either from the wound or his Fire Nation
heritage, lying in his own blood, trembling with the little energy he had left. If it weren’t for
the shallow gasps he took, he’d look dead.
Kanut had sutured the cut now. The prince had passed out on his own when they first brought
him here, and Kanut had said it was more likely to be from pain than blood loss, though how
the kid kept that behind a stiff upper lip, Hakoda didn’t know. They kept the prince’s selfinduced unconsciousness with the little anaesthetic they had left. They'd get more when

General Fong restored their alliance. Now, all Kanut had left to do, and he did the task with
practised patience, was bandage the wound. The last time he’d bandaged a wound like this,
covering such a large area, was with Bato.
“What’s your plan?” Kanut asked, calloused hands gently lifting the boy as he wrapped
another strip of bandage around him. Kanut was a rough looking man. Not rough like Chena,
who was rough looking because of his massiveness, but rough because he simply looked
seafaring. His beard was rough, his white haircut was rough, his voice was rough, and his
clothes were always a little shabby.
“I’ll write to General Fong. I know he’ll jump at the opportunity. It’s just a matter of him
meeting us as soon as possible.” Hakoda said, but the words made him want to bash his head
against a wall.
They were on a wooden ship with a firebender. They had a single pair of metal handcuffs
which Chena had gone to fetch, and their only room with a good enough lock to keep a
prisoner was also wooden. Hakoda had contemplated just keeping the prince’s hands
unavailable with the cuffs and leaving it at that, because that would work with a water or
earthbender, but he was pretty sure he remembered fire coming from the prince’s feet back on
that ship. Firebenders could produce the flames they wielded, which was a much different
calibre than what Hakoda could even attempt to deal with.
Chena barged back in. Chena never actually meant to barge anywhere, it was just how he
walked. He was shirtless to let his burn air, a salve applied along with a berating from Kanut ‘I mean, why would you start a fight with a teenager anyway?’ - and in his hands dangled a
pair of metal handcuffs. They weren’t normal cuffs; they covered the entire hand. They
would have to be enough.
“Will it work?” Nanook asked weakly from the other bed, still coming to.
“I reckon it will.” Kanut said. “After a scrap like that and the recovery needed for that injury,
he’ll be too exhausted to fight us.”
Hakoda hoped he was right.
“Still not too late to throw him in the sea.” Chena reminded Hakoda, and Hakoda allowed a
small laugh, because if all else failed, that was his plan.
____
The Erlong was rocking too much, and whenever Zuko found the strength to crack his eyes
open, his surroundings were brown, not grey, and Uncle sounded different, sounded rough,
and everything hurt, everything was wrong, and Zuko didn’t know what was going on, and he
knew he should be figuring out what was going on, but he was so tired and he was scared and
all he knew was that he didn’t like this.
Zuko moved slightly. He'd only been trying to see where he was, his head banging with every
beat of his heart, but the little movement jostled everything in him. His back had been

throbbing with a constant hum of pain, but now it screamed in agony, and it happened too
quick for Zuko to bite back his growl of pain.
“He’s awake.” A voice Zuko didn’t know said. "Chena, get ready with those cuffs."
This was not the Erlong.
“Prince Zuko?” A different voice said, kneeling beside him. A scratchy beard brushed Zuko’s
hand.
“Uncle?”
A third voice, a more familiar one – though Zuko couldn’t pinpoint how it was familiar-,
chuckled. “Ah, great Kanut. Dragon of the West.”
“Ba Sing Se trembles before you.” This voice came from Zuko’s right, and he could just
blink away the spinning room enough to see that there was a bed there, a man lying in it.
"Nanook, if you’re strong enough to be cracking jokes, you’re strong enough to get out of my
infirmary." Uncle said, tone half berating, half affectionate. Zuko knew that tone well, but
that didn’t explain what on Agni a Nanook was.
Zuko needed to get away from here, get away from these strange men. He needed to find the
Erlong. But his muscles didn’t want to move, and he couldn’t be in danger, because Uncle
was here. Would it really be so bad if he just... rested? Just for a little bit?
“Prince Zuko, how do you feel?” Uncle asked.
Zuko wanted to say bad, very bad, but he wasn’t weak and besides, he didn’t want to make
Uncle worry, so instead, he said; “Fine. I'm fine.” His words came out hoarse and he couldn’t
open his eyes. “I’m sorry about Lee."
There was silence, and Zuko took that to mean that Uncle was upset with him. Or maybe he
passed out again. Everything else was foggy, but Zuko’s memory of Lee falling back on the
pai sho table, neck split, was vivid enough to make him shake.
The pai sho table.
Zuko hissed in a pained breath as he moved, squinting his eyes to see better as he cracked
open his hand that dangled over the bed. There, held so tight it had indented his palm, the
smooth surface splattered with blood, was the white lotus tile.
Zuko traced the pattern with a trembling thumb. Most people think the lotus tile insignificant.
Uncle had been so calm, telling Zuko he’d changed their course away from the Avatar just to
pick up a stupid tile. I'm lucky to have such an understanding nephew.
The Avatar. How far had the kid got while Zuko had been pathetically lying here? How much
distance had Zuko lost because of his weakness?
He needed to move.

____
“Prince Zuko-!” Kanut started in surprise when the prince began to struggle, sitting up and
blatantly gritting his teeth. He'd stirred not long ago before passing out again at the mention
of someone called Lee. He would be in agony regardless of him trying to move, so what was
he doing? With him sat up like that, Hakoda could see the dark purple and black bruises on
the boy’s neck, the imprint of two big hands, a necklace of violence. Fire Nation or not,
Hakoda struggled to look at it.
“I need... I need to..." The prince sounded delirious as he tentatively swung his legs over the
side of the bed, speaking with the sort of rasp you get after a fully grown warrior strangles
you, and then a darker tone you get when you’re trying to hide that you’re absolutely
terrified. The prince's gold eyes kept fixing in and out of focus. Hakoda had seen dozens of
Fire Nation soldiers in the two years since he left the South Pole, and still, he’d never seen
gold eyes like this, like the heart of a fire, like liquid sunlight, like death.
Kanut was there before Prince Zuko could stand, pushing him by his shoulders.
“You need to rest before you tear the stitches I spent quarter-sun on, you little brat.” Kanut
said. The prince was too weak to fight Kanut as he pushed him against the pillow, unhappy
that Prince Zuko was on his back, on his injury, but satisfied that this was the most he’d get
out of the uncooperative royal.
“You said he’d be too tired to fight us.” Hakoda reminded the healer, stood in the doorway as
a precaution, though he knew it would be impossible for the prince to get that far in the
condition he was in. Hakoda had sent Chena away, not liking how convincing his throw-theheir-to-the-throne-into-the-ocean argument was, and Nanook was now sat up in his bed,
wincing a little as he sipped his sea squid soup. Tomkin had brought him that, both because
he knew it was his friend’s favourite and because he wanted to peek at the Fire Prince.
“He is. Should be.”
Hakoda didn’t like how Kanut corrected himself. He liked even less that, when Kanut turned
away from the prince, the boy promptly jabbed a sharp elbow into the healer’s ribs. Kanut
yelled in surprise and Prince Zuko was on his feet again, grabbing the bowl of soup in
Nanook’s hands and throwing it... at Hakoda.
The scene was so shocking that Hakoda barely had time to duck, the liquid splashing up his
side and drenching through his thick furs. It was only a second later that he realised the
prince had intended for him to duck as he did, and used the opening to dash out of the
infirmary. This child was on death’s door and he was astute.
If he survived, the Prince of the Fire Nation would be a nightmare.
____
Chena was up on deck, bragging. Chena was very good at bragging.

“Caught the little shit myself.” He boasted, Tomkin staring up at him with wide, impressed
eyes. “Gone from hunting puffin-seals to hunting royals.” Chena grinned, toasting his goblet
of rum – half drank and the other half spilt down him – to the moon that shone above them.
Chena of course missed out the part of his victory where he got two broken ribs and his torso
almost singed off, inflicted by a teenager half his size.
“We were there, Chena." Aput, another of the older crewmen, reminded him, knocking
shoulders with Tulok and taking a swig of his own rum.
“Their ship was weird.” Tomkin said.
“I'm starting to think you call everything weird, Little Tom.” Tulok smirked, sharpening the
blade of his boomerang. Tomkin had hated that nickname when they first started calling it
him, probably because they only ever called it him when they wanted to bug the youngest
crewman, but two years at sea together had seen the nickname become affectionate.
“I got some cool stuff though.” Tomkin grinned, before brandishing two broadswords. They
were elegant things. Chena had worked with enough weapons to know these were the real
deal. Expensive.
“What happened to necessities only?” Tulok asked with a judging eyebrow, making Tomkin
pull a face like he was very hard done by.
“They’re weapons, Tulok. That's necessary." He said adamantly.
“And the tsungi horn?” Tulok asked, nodding to the instrument that Tomkin promptly tried to
hide behind him.
“And the monkey statue?” Aput asked.
“And the drum?” Chena snickered.
“Okay!” Tomkin called, gathering his newly acquired belongings in his arms. “Just because I
have a keen eye and you three pricks don’t.”
Tomkin's plan had been to stomp to the berth deck, broadswords, tsungi horn, monkey statue
and drum in hand, but that plan was very quickly foiled when a dark shadow burst onto the
deck, running straight into Tomkin.
“That piece of-.” Chena cut his own rage off by springing forward, identifying the prince –
apparently his now sworn enemy - before the other crewmen even had a chance to see the
small boy.
The prince moved just as quickly as Chena, which was impressive, because even from the
other side of the deck, Chena could see the bandages wrapped tightly around him. Chena had
inflicted that wound. He knew the damage it had done. The prince should be struggling to
even stand, let alone shove Tomkin off him and hop to his feet with slightly wobbly
precision.

Tomkin scrambled back, terrified of the solider, but Chena, Aput and Tulok cautiously
prowled forwards.
____
Zuko didn’t like how tight the bandages were around his chest, and he certainly didn’t like
how every movement he made was pure agony. But he liked even worse the gradual
resurgence of his memories. He remembered the Water Tribe savages discussing him as they
walked him to the infirmary, voices carrying above his head because they were all so huge.
General Fong will be desperate to have him. The Earth Kingdom know how to keep
firebenders.
Zuko remembered heading in the direction of Ba Sing Se, desperately trying to find his
Uncle. Those Earthbenders had been about to crush Uncle’s hands with rocks. What would
they do to Zuko?
Zuko needed to be off this ship before this General Fong came for him.
He burst onto the deck, the moonlight igniting the ship, and immediately hit something hard,
tumbling to the side. Everything was just so... wooden. And Zuko was pretty sure it had been
daytime when he was kidnapped, but now it was night, and the only measure of time he’d
been given was however long a quarter-sun was. And there was no land anywhere. Just
ocean and ocean and ocean.
And Uncle hadn’t been Uncle.
Zuko was alone.
Always, always alone.
“I surrender!” A boy a little older than Zuko cried, scrambling on the floor a metre from him.
He was skinny, with dark brown hair pulled back into a strange ponytail, his skin tanned and
eyes blue like a spring sky. He held his hands up as if Zuko had challenged him, staring at
him in terror. All Zuko had done was run into him.
But then Zuko’s gaze slid to something that had fallen in their collision. The blades glinted
beneath the stars, handles turned towards him almost as an invitation, their curve something
Zuko could trace in his sleep. He had been training to use the dual swords since he was
young, spending hours with Master Piandao in the training yard, sparring until his palms
blistered, preparing for the day Father said he’d come to watch. He never came. Of course he
didn’t. He was so busy. Zuko wasn’t even that good.
“Are those my swords?” Zuko hissed, disbelieving and angry. These men had kidnapped him,
and now they had stolen from him too. What else had they taken?
The boy’s eyes widened. “No... Yes... Maybe... I didn’t-.”
Prince Zuko lunged with a pained growl, the other boy flinching, but instead of striking him,
Zuko scooped up his swords. Three older men were approaching now. The one who

murdered Lee, the big warrior, and a third Zuko didn’t know. Behind Zuko, the echoing thud
of someone running upstairs filled the night. The healer who was not Uncle, or the other one,
the chief.
Zuko remembered the chief’s icy eyes. Zuko had thrown soup at him. If he caught him,
everything was over.
“Come on, Your Majesty." The big warrior’s voice was too nightmarish for Zuko to correct
the use of title. “Didn’t the Fire Lord ever teach you not to play with sharp things?”
He thought Zuko couldn’t use the dual blades. Zuko would feel smug in his own talents
normally, but right now, he saw four swords, not two, and he knew damn well the ship wasn’t
swaying that much. He felt sick. The infirmary had been so warm...
The chief. The Earth Kingdom. The Avatar. Three reasons why he had to move.
The big warrior lunged and Zuko twisted, a move usually so elegant becoming just shy of
tumbling out of the way. Lee’s killer swooped from behind Zuko, catching him off guard and
grabbing him by the waist, knocking his swords from his grip. Zuko watched them clatter to
the floor, all of his hope falling with them.
The sudden pressure on Zuko’s back made him feel like he was on fire - a feeling he hadn’t
been eager to remember – and he kicked out in a panic as the bigger man lifted him from the
floor. The man hadn’t anticipated such a violent reaction, and Zuko’s elbow found his nose,
breaking it and making the man drop him heavily.
“Hold him still!” The chief ordered, voice a snarl of command, another thing Zuko hadn’t
been eager to remember. And they were going to catch him because he was too weak, too
small, too stupid, and there were so many of them, and he was in so much pain. And when
the chief got him, what would he do to him?
The man who killed Lee and the big warrior grabbed each of Zuko’s arms, yanking him to his
feet and holding him roughly before the chief. Zuko was panting, either from fear or exertion.
He couldn’t get away now.
This wasn’t Father. This wasn’t Father. This wasn’t-.
Zuko tried to calm himself but it was no good. He wouldn't survive a second time.
The fire was in his hands a moment later, the two warriors leaping away from him as Zuko
arced it around him, the flames jumping. They shouldn’t be jumping. Zuko's control was
shaking. Everything was shaking. He pushed out one last ring of fire. He wasn’t even trying
to hurt anyone. He just wanted them away.
The warriors left a safe distance around Zuko and his energy finally burned completely. Even
his pride couldn’t keep him on his feet, and he fell to his knees, fire extinguishing.
He'd been here before.

____
“I’ll get the cuffs.” Chena said gruffly, but Hakoda held his hand up, a clear gesture; wait.
Hakoda was watching the prince. The prince who had just displayed what to Hakoda was an
impressive feat of bending, the prince who evaded him and the rest of his warriors for a
decent amount of time while injured and semi-conscious, the prince who had to be held by
two of Hakoda’s strongest men and still struggled. And now, the prince was on his knees,
shoulders heaving in each breath, blood beginning to stain the fresh bandages. He'd torn his
stitches. Kanut wouldn’t be happy.
But Hakoda had seen something. Right before the prince threw fire at them, there had been a
glint in his gold eyes, and for a moment, there was no anger, no violence, no determination.
Just pure, stomach-churning terror. And in that moment, the prince was suddenly just a
scared boy, being held in place by two men he didn’t know who openly wanted to hurt him.
It shouldn’t have changed anything. This boy was still Fire Nation, still royal. But somehow,
Hakoda could only see Sokka’s blue eyes, and it changed everything.
“No cuffs.” Hakoda said. “Let’s see if we can’t find some common ground first.”
Hakoda took a quiet breath, ensuring his own temper stayed in check because he gained
nothing from scaring the little brat more, before walking forward. Hakoda loomed over the
kneeling teenager, and he swore he could hear the kid muttering something. No cursing, no
threatening. He sounded almost like he was... praying.
The kid was expecting something very specific, because when Hakoda moved, his entire
body flinched, but Hakoda had only crouched to be more level with him.
“No more firebending.” Hakoda said simply.
The boy looked up far too slowly to only be expecting a crouching chief, his gold eyes
blinking in surprise.
“What?” He finally asked.
“No. More. Firebending.” Hakoda repeated, a little sterner. If the prince was going to be
difficult, then he’d be met with difficulty. “This is a wooden ship. If you firebend again, we’ll
chain you up. If you firebend again after that, I'll assume you’re a danger to my crew and will
be forced to throw you overboard.”
Chena cracked his knuckles at that, and the prince’s eyes widened. Or at least his right eye
did. His scarred eye seemed damned to be constantly narrowed.
“You’re all savages. You can’t-.”
“I can, Prince Zuko.” Hakoda’s anger was pushing its restraints. “And I will, but only if you
force my hand. Understood?”

The prince was yet to look Hakoda in the eye. He looked everywhere else; at the other
crewmen, at the ocean, at the floor. Never at Hakoda. Now, his gaze fell to his hands, that had
only just been ignited in fire. Hakoda knew not to expect the prince’s palms to be blistered,
but it was still shocking to see. How could they just hold fire and not get burnt?
But then how had Katara been able to pull water into the air? Or freeze Sokka’s drinks when
they bickered?
He was taking too long to answer. Hakoda grabbed the prince’s chin and forced him to look
at him. He didn’t miss the gasp the prince took, even as he scowled right back at Hakoda.
“Do you understand?” Hakoda asked.
The prince looked close to passing out and snarling simultaneously, his voice both weak and
poisonous. “I understand.”
____
Zuko walked back to the infirmary and made it to the staircase before stumbling. That was
when the chief grabbed him and held him up the rest of the way. The chief who hadn’t killed
him, hadn’t even hurt him. But he would hurt him. He'd said so much. And Zuko couldn’t
stop trembling.
“He better not have torn his stitches.” The healer said immediately, turning from where he’d
been reapplying burn salve to the other, now very concerned looking, warrior.
“He tore his stitches.” The chief said with a sigh. So that was why Zuko’s back somehow felt
even worse than before. “He also broke Tulok’s nose.”
Tulok. The name of the man who murdered Lee. Why did these warriors have such strange
names?
The healer sighed a tired sigh, taking Zuko from the chief. He didn’t hold him as tight as the
chief did, and eased him onto the bed.
“Let me see.” The healer said, and Zuko realised he was indicating for him to turn his back to
the door, to the chief.
Zuko didn’t know how to convey how much he would not be doing that, so just shook his
head angrily. “Leave me alone." He hissed, pulling away from both men, though with the
limited space, he could only do so by tucking up his legs and crawling back on the bed,
symbolically placing his back to the wall.
“He’s all yours, Dragon of the West.” The chief said, smiling at the healer. “If he gives you
any trouble, get me.”
That was a threat, but Zuko didn’t say anything, because finally, the chief left, and then there
were three.

Just Zuko, the healer, named Kanut as Zuko had managed to overhear, and the other man who
was injured. He was younger than the other adults, but still older than Zuko, and had light
brown hair falling to his shoulders, a blue bead threaded through one of the strands. His blue
eyes were trained on Zuko, but when Zuko caught him staring, he quickly looked away,
pretending to exam his burnt chest. It wasn’t a bad burn. It would leave a faint scar, but he’d
live.
Zuko glared at the healer. “You aren’t my uncle.”
“Such harsh realities to come to terms with at bedtime.” The healer responded, folding his
arms. “You gonna let me help you or not?”
People never helped Zuko. Not for long, at least. But Zuko could feel blood dripping down
his back, and he knew if he’d ripped a stitch then he could still be in trouble with his injury,
and in all honestly, he was too exhausted to fight more of them off.
“I won’t...” Zuko paused, unsure how to word this without sounding weak. He worked his
jaw. “I’m not turning my back on the door.”
The healer stared for a moment, before sighing and nodding in understanding. “Alright, tough
guy.” He rooted through a drawer and pulled out a suture kit. “Sit on the end of the bed.”
Cautiously, Zuko did, and the healer sat behind him, carefully unwrapping his bandages, and
Zuko kept his eye on the door, the young warrior in the bed beside him still in his peripheral
vision. Still, Zuko struggled to keep his breathing right, clutching the pai sho tile in his
pocket, trying to remember the exercises he’d been doing since infancy.
Firebender discipline stresses self-restraint and breath control as a means of directing and
containing the fire manifested. Uncle’s voice, showing how he breathed in deep, producing
fire on the exhale. Poor breath control means dangerously poor control of any fire generated.
For this reason, breathing exercises are one of the most critical first steps for beginners.
And here Zuko was, far from a beginner and still struggling with his breathing exercises.
“Kanut, can you get me more soup when you’re done?” The other warrior asked, making
Zuko jump minutely.
“You should’ve held on tighter to your last bowl." The healer responded monotonously, and
Zuko couldn’t help but loosen his scowl ever so slightly. His scowl returned upon hearing the
healer’s next few words. “I don’t have enough anaesthetic to be using it on little things. Only
two of the stitches have come undone. Is it okay for me to suture them?”
He was... asking for permission. Zuko was a prisoner who had done this to himself, and still,
the healer was reluctant to hurt him. What was he up to?
“Get on with it.” Zuko grumbled, so the healer did, and Zuko pointedly didn’t wince the
entire time, and a little while later, he was being eased back into bed, his back aching but not
as much as before.

“You’ll be needing a day’s rest before any other stunts like that, tough guy.” Kanut said with
a smirk. Zuko nodded.
This was not advice. This was a joke. Looking back, Kanut should have made himself
clearer.

Chapter End Notes

thanks for reading!

Chapter 3: i. The Fire Prince’s Southern Excursions Are
Revealed And Met With A Very Negative Response
Chapter Notes

guess who figured out how to add notes that's right bitch me. world domination next i
think?
okay so i went to lunch with my sister and this had 800 hits, i was gone like 2 hours and
now it has OVER A THOUSAND??!?!?!?! WHAT DO I DO WITH THIS
INFORMATION?!?!
Here's another chapter because you guys are making me tear up. I've noticed a few of
you have started commenting your fav lines/parts of a chapter and when i tell you that
makes my day, PLEASE feel free to do this not only is it entertaining but it helps me
write better x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Kanut prodded the prince awake every few hours for meals. The boy had completely
exhausted himself and, after his escapade during his first night aboard, he finally begun
acting like it. He slept like a corpse, waking up to Kanut’s jabbing with a start every time.
Kanut never missed how his gold eyes were scared before they were surly. He also didn’t
miss how much damage the prince took to his pride whenever he’d wince swallowing his
food. Chena had almost crushed the little brat’s windpipe. Every breath would be painful.
Nanook recovered quickly and was back to his chores the next morning, which was odd,
because Nanook and Tomkin usually milked any injury they acquired for all their worth. It
seemed the younger crewmen were very, very unsettled by the Ullaakut’s newest member.
A day passed with no incidents. That night, Kanut closed his eyes when the room was dark,
the prince opposite sleeping stubbornly on his back, and when he opened his eyes again to
see the moon had moved to shine directly through the porthole, the prince was nowhere to be
seen.
“Nope.” Kanut grumbled, rolling over in his bed. He trusted whoever was on night watch to
catch the still very much too weak to be escaping and swimming hundreds of miles to shore
Prince Zuko. Who was on night watch tonight anyway? Kanut thought a moment, before his
heart sank.
Chena.
Kanut cursed loudly and with passion before getting out of bed to save the little Fire Nation
brat.

____
Zuko wasn’t doing anything he hadn’t been told he couldn’t do.
Zuko had waited for the healer to fall asleep, and then waited sometime after that too before
he forced himself to stand – groaning as quietly as possible when pain wracked through him.
His healing cut was uncomfortable as much as it was painful, like a second skin that
threatened to split at any sudden movement. The other warrior that had been here last night,
his name was Nanook (another peculiar name), had left one of his shirts. Zuko despised it. It
was what all of the warriors wore, paired with furry blue anoraks and thick boots. It had a
weird texture, rough and heavy on the inside, bristly on the outside, a strange speckled white
colour, far too warm for this time of year. Nonetheless, Zuko begrudgingly pulled it on,
stepping into it instead of attempting to lift his arms. It was too big on him, but Zuko was
going to get away this time, and he couldn’t do that with only bandages covering his top half.
Kanut locked the door before going to bed. Zuko still didn’t understand why the healer was
treating him as a patient more than a prisoner. What was stopping Zuko from slitting the
man’s throat right now? Who locks themself in with a royal firebender? If he were Azula,
this man would die screaming.
But this man had patiently helped Zuko eat, and hadn’t made him face away from the door,
and had asked for permission.
Father would call his mercy weak. Zuko wished he could be strong, but for now, he would do
things his way, the honourless way.
Zuko took the key from Kanut’s drawer, because Kanut had been certain Zuko hadn’t seen
him put it there, and unlocked the door as quietly as he could.
Zuko wasn’t doing anything he hadn’t been told he couldn’t do.
The rules were simple: wait a day to escape again, and no firebending. Well, Zuko had waited
a day, and he didn’t need firebending to get away from these barbarians.
It was his own arrogance that did him in. Water Tribe warriors were savages, and he’d
expected savages not to have a night watch. The big warrior, however, was very much on
watch. Zuko made it to the deck before a hand grabbed him by the scruff of the neck,
dragging him face to face with its owner.
“Going somewhere?” The big warrior snarled. Zuko thought about answering, before
deciding to just punch the man in the face.
“You’re fucking dead!” The big warrior thundered, but he’d stumbled back a pace upon
impact and Zuko backed away. His panic was numbed a little by his genuine shock at being
sworn at, but it didn’t numb him enough for Zuko not to feel that he’d backed away into
someone else. He started, heartbeat deafening in his ears, but turned to see the white hair and
blue eyes of a disgruntled Kanut.

Both men were Water Tribe who despised Zuko, but Kanut had helped him and the big
warrior looked close to skinning him alive. Zuko hesitated a single second, before ducking
behind Kanut like a child.
Kanut smirked, amused by Zuko’s actions, before turning to his fellow warrior. “Chena!” He
yelled, grabbing the man’s raised fist. “Enough!"
Chena’s eye was watering from being hit so hard and blood dribbled from just above his
eyebrow, but it wasn’t enough to quench his bloodlust. He glared at Zuko until Kanut shook
him, forcing him to turn his gaze to the healer. Chena panted in fury for a few seconds, before
pulling away.
“Kanut,” he smiled a too sweet smile, “I think your nephew ought to visit the chief.”
Kanut sighed, turning to Zuko, who suddenly felt very cornered. “I think you might be right.”
No. No, Zuko couldn’t get caught again. He'd already been caught by two of the warriors, but
for some reason, it didn’t feel conclusive until the chief was mentioned. What would he do to
him now? He hadn’t explicitly said Zuko couldn’t try escaping again, but prisoners have no
position to barter. There would be consequences. The big warrior was itching for them, and
Kanut had showed that, while he might protect Zuko from Chena, he wouldn’t do anything to
stop the chief.
Like Uncle with Father.
“No!” Zuko yelled - or was it more of a cry? - and tried to run again, but it was too dark and
he was acting from a place of emotion like he always did – not like Azula who could always
control herself – and like it always did, it got him caught. The big warrior grabbed his wrist
and pulled him back, dragging him down the stairs.
Kanut looked away.
____
Hakoda was used to working into the night while the rest of his crew slept soundly below.
His room, called the cabin, was both an office and a bedroom and was too small to be either.
His desk was covered in maps and paperwork, his furs hung in the cupboard to his left and
his messy bed pushed into the far-right corner. If Kya saw the cabin, she’d hit the roof. Why
don’t you organise yourself more? You're the chief, Hakoda. But then Hakoda would make
her laugh, because he could always make her laugh, and she’d forget her annoyance.
Spirits, sometimes Hakoda missed his wife so much he physically ached.
There was never a good time for a kicking Fire Nation Prince to be dragged into his cabin,
but when he was thinking of his wife who was murdered in Fire Nation raids, it was
particularly ill-timed.
“He got out again, Chief.” Chena snarled, out of breath as he wrestled the prince over to
Hakoda’s desk, shoving him into the chair opposite Hakoda and forcibly holding him in

place. Kanut hung by the doorway, watching on. Kanut was very good at staying impartial,
but Hakoda swore he saw a disapproving glint to his stare.
“Let go of me!” Prince Zuko yelled, kicking the desk and trying to push back the chair.
Hakoda was on his feet at this point.
“I’ll break his legs, or cut his hands off. That'll stop him.” Chena was in a frenzy, a black eye
beginning to emerge. Hakoda hadn’t seen him this angry since his got in an argument with a
Northern Water Tribesman a few months ago, and each word that left Chena’s mouth made
the kid wilder and wilder, like a fish that knew it'd been netted. He seemed to know that as
soon as he sat still, something bad would happen.
And why should it not?
Hakoda had given this kid so many warnings. Hakoda had pinned his past escape attempt on
shock and delirium, but now they both knew he was lucid, and clearly strong enough to keep
fighting. He had no excuse except blind defiance.
Kya died at home, halfway through cooking a meal. She had done nothing wrong, and she
wasn’t given a chance. This boy was the epitome of devastation, the bloodline of genocide,
and still, he had been given chances, and still, he fought back.
It wasn't fair for him to get off without punishment. Even with a broken leg, he’d still be
alive, which was more than what a Water Tribe warrior would have got on his ship, more than
what Kya got. It wasn’t fair.
“Chief?” Kanut asked, eyes narrowed on Hakoda’s rigid form. The prince was tiring, fast,
and as he finally slumped against Chena’s grip, giving into his fate, Hakoda could see he was
trembling. Again, he was the scared boy, not the cruel soldier. And when Hakoda was looking
closely, he saw how the prince clutched and released his hands at the same sporadic speed as
his breathing, eyes slammed shut in concentration.
He was desperately trying not to firebend, like his life depended on it.
Maybe it was the chair designed for a warrior, or the way Chena’s massive form loomed
behind him, or Nanook’s polar leopard pelt drowning him, but Prince Zuko was suddenly so
small looking. He could only be sixteen or seventeen years old. Young. He might not even
have been too corrupted by the Fire Nation yet...
And even if he had, Hakoda realised he couldn’t give the order Chena wanted him to.
Because if Hakoda kept wondering what the Fire Nation would do in his shoes, then he
would become them. He didn’t want this war. It had taken so much from him.
He wouldn’t let it take his morality.
“Chena, let him go. Leave us, please.” Hakoda said quietly, sitting back down. Chena
stuttered in shock a moment, but Hakoda’s stare was hard, and eventually Chena let the kid
go, barging out. Kanut gave the chief a single nod, before following.

It was just the Chief of the Southern Water Tribe and the Prince of the Fire Nation.
____
Zuko had come to the conclusion that he preferred the big warrior to the chief.
Chena was like fire; painful and aggressive and certain. If you touch a fire, there is no way it
will not burn you. His intentions were clear. Zuko could predict Chena. He knew what was
coming with Chena.
But the chief?
There was a familiar confusion that filled Zuko when he was with the chief. Those barren
blue eyes were incoherent to him, and Zuko never knew what to say to make things right.
Whenever Zuko readied himself, muscles turning rigid as he’d learnt to, eyes on the floor as
he’d learnt to, the chief’s blow never came.
“You’re clearly strong enough for an interrogation if Kanut isn’t keeping you away in the
infirmary anymore.” The chief said, though the insinuation that a healer had told a chief what
he could and couldn’t do with a prisoner astounded Zuko. “Start talking. Don't miss
anything.” The chief ordered, completely filling the excessively big chairs of his office.
Zuko stared, before realising he was staring and looking down, eyes widening when he saw
maps. If he could figure out where he was, he could figure out how far away land was. He
was a good swimmer. If it was nearby, he could-.
“Don’t make me repeat myself, Your Majesty." The chief growled, and there was that
incorrect title again. Zuko pulled himself up as proudly as he could, sitting on his hands, and
definitely not because they kept shaking.
“What do you want me to tell you?” Zuko asked, because what kind of order was start
talking. Start talking about what?
The chief didn’t like that response. There was a quick temper in him, one he hid behind a
cool gaze, like Father.
“Where was your ship heading?”
Zuko frowned. He had heard horror stories of interrogations. Such simple questions were not
what he was expecting. He was expecting questions on Fire Nation battle plans, on the navy
and the army, on the strengths and weaknesses of each general, on his father. The direction of
the Erlong – a banished prince’s lone ship populated by a miniscule crew – wasn’t
particularly dangerous information to give.
“I was following the sky bison. They were heading north.”
The chief blinked. “... Did you say sky bison?”
Zuko nodded, remembering his own shock at finding out the creature that had been extinct
for a hundred years was the Avatar’s transportation. A particularly fast mode of

transportation that had evaded Zuko for weeks.
The chief waited a moment, as if he expected Zuko to elaborate, like Zuko would
enthusiastically give this savage information, even if that information was worthless.
When it became apparent that Zuko intended to do the bare minimum, talking enough to stay
alive but not enough to endanger his nation, the chief leaned back in his chair. “You said they
were heading north; you were following someone?”
Zuko didn’t understand why the chief was asking. Was he hunting the Avatar too? Was this a
trick? Was that why the two Water Tribe peasants were with the Avatar? Zuko grew
immediately defensive, like he did every time Zhao caught up, but he couldn’t lie to the chief.
He just... couldn’t.
“The Avatar.” Zuko muttered, those two words fighting to stay unspoken.
“Speak up.”
“The Avatar!" Zuko yelled, clutching his fists to keep them from igniting, quickly shrinking
back against his chair as the chief’s icy eyes widened ever so slightly.
Zuko had just yelled at him.
“Sorry, I-." Why was Zuko apologising? He quickly worked his mouth firmly shut, scowl
returning.
“Prince Zuko, the Avatar hasn’t been seen in a hundred years.” The chief said, that look in his
eyes, like Zuko was stupid. Zuko wasn’t stupid.
“I know that. Of course I know that.” Zuko hissed. “He hadn’t been seen in a hundred years,
until a few weeks ago. I was hunting him, and we were in the South Pole when this beam of
light-.”
“You were in the South Pole?" The chief’s tone had gone as cold as his eyes, his entire
posture rigid. Zuko realised something he should have realised when he first saw these men.
He'd assumed they were from the Northern Water Tribe, because they were closer to the
Northern Water Tribe, but what if they were from the South? Zuko wracked his brain back to
his first encounter with the Avatar. That tiny village, those two children. There were lots of
children actually, and elderly, and women.
But no men.
There were no men, because the warriors were right here with Zuko.
“You’re from the Southern Tribe.” Zuko whispered, and the chief leaned forward.
____
Hakoda had needed to know what the prince had been doing before the Water Tribe took him.
Hakoda needed to know how much power the Fire Lord granted his heir. One lone ship with

a crew smaller than the Ullaakut’s seemed very, very unlikely. Prince Zuko must have been
en route to meeting up with a bigger force, a navy crew, or perhaps an invasion. If there was a
Fire Nation attack coming, Hakoda wanted to know so he could warn those on the receiving
end of it. The prince had said he was heading north, because he had already been south.
"You’re from the Southern Tribe.” The kid said, as if only just realising, and Hakoda leaned
forward, not wanting to miss even the minutest of expressions on the prince’s face.
“You went south?” Hakoda asked again. His tone held none of the mercy it had previously,
and the boy noticed, because his form somehow tensed more, shoulders back, chin up.
Militaristic, even though Nanook’s shirt slipped from his shoulder ever so slightly.
“Yes, but-.”
“With how many men?" Hakoda interrupted whatever lies the little brat was about to tell.
This wasn’t the first time Hakoda had interrogated a Fire Nation soldier. It was the first time
the soldier hadn’t been in chains, and it was the first time Hakoda had refrained from wanting
to resort to violence, but the rest was familiar. He knew the savage glint that overcame those
metallic eyes, the venom they spat from their tongues. Fire Nation soldiers lied like it was a
competitive sport, their words meant to do damage.
The prince frowned, as if he didn’t know what conversation they were having. “Just the crew
of the Erlong.”
Hakoda could remember the raids. He remembered everything. He remembered how the
snow fell black on their village, how the elders uttered quiet prayers to the Spirits, how the
warriors raced forward to stare down those oncoming ships. When Hakoda was a boy, the
Fire Nation sent more than five ships at a time, and the warriors and benders worked side by
side to put up as much of a fight as they could. The last raid Hakoda saw, the raid that
snatched his beloved Kya from him, saw only a single ship.
Just the crew of the Erlong.
And Hakoda saw Katara’s blue eyes looking up at him on the days he’d return home, weary
after searching for a master to teach her. The last waterbender of the Southern Water Tribe.
The Fire Nation must have found out about her existence, must have sent a handful of men to
deal with her. And a handful would be enough, because Katara was just a little girl, and when
she practiced, it always left Sokka drenched. She couldn’t hold off one Fire Nation soldier, let
alone a crew.
“How long ago?” Hakoda growled through gritted teeth.
“I don’t think you understand." Prince Zuko breathed, blanching, as if he knew he had been
caught.
“How long ago?!” Hakoda yelled, slamming his fist on the table hard enough to scatter his
papers. The prince looked close to leaping out of his seat, horror on his features and terror no
longer having any place to hide in his eyes. The look of a petrified child, quite possibly the
last look Hakoda’s little Katara donned.

“I... I... Uh... I think...” The prince stuttered, knuckles white as he gripped the chair, as if
wrenching himself in place. “A month ago, maybe more.”
A month ago. Maybe more. Hakoda was here and his family had needed him weeks ago. This
wasn’t how it was supposed to go. It had killed Hakoda to leave his village, pulling Sokka’s
arms from him, wiping away Katara’s tears with his thumb, making his mother promise to
take care of them. But he knew they’d be there waiting for him when he returned home. It
was always his death that plagued him, the thought he’d die in battle and abandon his
children.
He’d never thought his kids would abandon him.
“Go to the infirmary.” Hakoda ordered, and he couldn’t even look at the boy before him.
“You are in the middle of the ocean with no way to get off this ship. If you escape again, you
will be caught, and I won’t spare your life this time, Prince Zuko.”
The prince was watching like he expected Hakoda to snap, gold eyes burning into him. He
stood slowly, cautiously, and took a single step back, gauged the reaction from Hakoda,
before taking another step. He slid his gaze to the door, then to the chief again, and as if
buoyed by his new distance from the desk, spoke.
“I don’t know what you think happened in the South Pole, but I went for the Avatar. I didn’t
hurt anyone, I'm not a barbarian like you." He hissed, but his feet were positioned like he was
ready to bolt. Did he even know he’d rooted his stance like that, or was it instinctive? What
kind of kid has those instincts?
And Hakoda swore if the prince lied to him one more time about this ridiculous Avatar story,
he’d kill him here and now, screw General Fong. The Avatar hadn’t been seen in a hundred
years. Prince Zuko was trying to cover up the raid on the South Pole by exploiting the
tribesmen’s respect of the spirits.
“I think you were part of a Fire Nation raid on my people, and that you will lie through your
teeth to have me think otherwise.” Hakoda said levelly, though the words hollowed him in
one blow. The prince’s eyes widened, as if that was a sentence he hadn’t expected.
“But I wasn’t! I have my own mission. I'm not even part of the Fire Nation-… Well, not
anymore, and I will be again soon, but-.”
Hakoda held up his hand to silence the spiel of words tumbling from the boy’s mouth and
Prince Zuko abruptly stopped talking. At least that was a gesture he understood.
“What do you mean, you’re not part of the Fire Nation?” Hakoda asked, because of all the
lies to tell, that was a peculiar one. “You’re their prince.”
Prince Zuko looked between his feet and the door, as if sorely tempted to try escaping again,
but he seemed to remember Hakoda’s firm warning because he stayed put.
“I...” The prince struggled, not great at conveying himself at the best of times. “It was my
fault. I offended Father. He had to teach me a lesson so he sent me away.”

Hakoda leaned back against his chair, narrowing his eyes on the prince. Of everything he’d
said, Hakoda couldn’t pinpoint why he knew with absolutely certainty that this, at least, was
not a lie. Maybe it was the kid’s pride, or his anger as he spoke about his own shortcomings.
It was too real to be a lie.
Hakoda wondered if the prince even noticed he’d touched his scar as he’d spoken.
“And that burn?” Hakoda asked, and the prince actually flinched.
“It was my fault.” Prince Zuko repeated, cementing Hakoda’s initial assumption that he’d
done it to himself in training.
But that didn’t settle the storm within Hakoda. Being sent away from home – Hakoda
guessed for around a month from what the prince had said earlier - and being burnt were two
connected incidents, Hakoda could tell by how the boy reacted to the mention of both, but
how?
It didn’t matter. It didn’t matter that this boy had been sent away, because he’d still been
south. Hakoda couldn’t trust a word he said.
Ruination was a song the Fire Nation knew well, a song whose lyrics curled from their
tongues in infancy, a song whose harmonies lay in their skeletons. This boy was a teenager,
but his instincts were primal.
“Go to Kanut." Hakoda finally ordered, and this time, after a moment’s hesitation, the prince
did as he was told.
____
There was a right thing to say here.
No matter what the situation, there was always a right thing to say. Uncle always knew
without trying, and Azula would know before anyone else and make it her own, and Father
expected Zuko to figure it out because Father could hardly teach Zuko everything, especially
not the basics. But Zuko had never been able to figure it out. He couldn’t be the son his father
wanted no matter how many ways he tore himself apart and put himself together again. And
now, like every other time in Zuko’s miserable life, he didn’t know what this man wanted
him to say, and everything he was saying angered him further when he didn’t even mean to,
and he didn’t even know what was happening, and he was telling the truth.
But what did that matter when the chief didn’t believe him?
The infirmary was on the same floor as the chief’s office. To Zuko’s right, at the end of the
thin corridor, was a staircase leading to the deck, the ocean. If Zuko had more honour, he’d
have thrown himself overboard by now. Father would rather a dead son than a captured son.
But Zuko didn’t have any honour, so he moodily walked to the infirmary.
“How’d it go?” Kanut asked, only glancing up momentarily from the book in his hand.

Zuko didn’t want to talk about it. The chief thought Zuko visiting the South Pole was part of
a raid, that Zuko had hurt people. Zuko had swallowed his pride to tell the chief about his
banishment, and still, the chief refused to listen to anything he said, simply because his eyes
were gold and his blood was Fire Nation. It wasn’t fair, and Zuko was tired, and his back
hurt, and he didn’t want to talk about it.
“Are you going to handcuff me?” Zuko hated how quiet he spoke.
Kanut snorted, as if it was a ridiculous question, but his amusement slowly fell when Zuko
only glared. The healer sighed. “I'll be checking your back in the morning so no escaping
until then. Get some sleep, tough guy.”
It sounded like a trick, but Kanut just returned to his book. Zuko edged to the bed, but even
as he lay down, turning to get a better view of the healer, Kanut didn’t move to attack. Zuko
noticed a set of faint white scars marking Kanut’s hands, dancing over his knuckles, sloping
over his palms when he turned the pages of his book. Zuko hadn’t noticed them before. He
could tell they were old, and had been serious at the time of injury.
There was something reassuring in knowing that even these warriors could be harmed. With
the gentle rocking of the ship and the warm pull Zuko felt from the flame of the nearby oil
lamp, Zuko suddenly felt his eyes falling shut.
His hand found the pai sho tile in his pocket. He didn’t miss Uncle. Missing people implied
that you needed them, and relying on others was weak. But Zuko thought that maybe he
would quite like it if Uncle were here right now. People listened to Uncle. They never
listened to Zuko.
“Kanut?” Zuko asked quietly.
“What do you want, tough guy?” The healer asked, flicking his blue eyes to the prince,
enjoying how the kid always pulled a face at the now recurring nickname.
Zuko held his pai sho tile tighter. “Do you like tea?”
Kanut stared, before smiling and leaning over to his desk, opening one of the drawers and
pulling out a jar of tea leaves, a strainer, and two cups.
“I thought you’d never ask."
____
Tulok had been fast asleep when Hakoda woke him and brought him to the cabin, which was
exactly how Tulok knew that this was an emergency.
“Chief, what’s going on?" Tulok asked groggily, forcing himself to wake up. All the warriors
aboard the Ullaakut knew how to wake up quick, fearing invasions, attacks, predators,
storms. That didn’t mean Tulok’s nose didn’t send waves of pain through his entire face. He
had to give it to the Fire Prince; he struck a mean blow.

Hakoda didn’t look so good. Tulok wouldn’t have noticed if he hadn’t spent so long at sea
with the chief, but he saw it now in the tension of Hakoda’s shoulders. They were braced, as
if carrying the entire world.
“His Majesty escaped again. Chena caught him. I got him talking. Tulok," Hakoda’s blue
eyes cut straight into Tulok, and he stood taller under his chief’s stare, “I consider you a
friend, but what I'm about to tell you is information passed from a Chief to a navigator.
Understand?”
Tulok did understand. Tulok was the Ullaakut’s head navigator, reading the weather and the
winds and the maps, setting their course, telling the other crewmen which direction to turn.
Sometimes, that meant he knew things others didn’t. Telling the entire crew a possibly fatal
storm was coming only caused panic, which caused more danger, so sometimes, Tulok and
Hakoda kept things to themselves until the last possible moment.
Hakoda was a good friend, but he was also an excellent chief, and right now, there was a
distinction between the two.
“I understand, Chief." Tulok said.
Hakoda nodded, and they both sat at his desk. Hakoda explained with a cool expression and
even cooler tone, explained how the Fire Nation had been south again, explained how the
prince was an excellent liar and they could trust only what their own eyes showed them.
Hakoda didn’t know how many had died in this raid.
So, they would go south to find out for themselves.
“Hakoda, we’re between Whaletail and Kyoshi Island.” Tulok said, pointing appropriately to
their location on Hakoda’s map. “A diversion to the South Pole will take two weeks in each
direction, and that’s only if the wind stays as good as it has been. They expected us back at
Chameleon Bay from the North Pole last week. This sets us another month behind schedule.”
Logistically, this was a nightmare, but Tulok and Hakoda both seemed to realise that there
was no way they couldn’t go home. Their men at Chameleon Bay could wait a little longer.
Tulok's family needed him now. His wife, his pregnant sister who definitely wasn’t pregnant
anymore, his little boy. And Hakoda – whose daughter was a waterbender; the last target of
the raids - would move this world and the Spirit World to keep Katara safe.
“Then I guess I should start writing my apologies to the men at Chameleon Bay.” Hakoda
said grimly, and Tulok allowed a small, fierce smile.

Chapter End Notes

The chapter in which Zuko Realises Things He Should Have Realised Sooner and
Hakoda Bugs Me With Annoyingly Sound Cynicism. Also don't be mad at Chena. He

doesn't think before he attacks; Kanna held all of the southern water tribe's brain cells
and she gave them Bato.

Chapter 4: i. Tomkin Fraternises With The Enemy
Chapter Notes

this has over 2000 hits i literally do not know how to act thank you all so so much, and
the people who comment you are my FAVOURITE. Keep telling me your favourite lines
and parts etc because it's really helping me figure out what you guys like (aka Tomkin
and Kanut BOTH now have fangirls and i wouldn't have it any other way). anyways,
chapter 4 is probably the one MOST heavily inspired by salvage and you know what?
i'm not sorry. just me taking crumbs from a masterpiece. GO! READ! SALVAGE!
Have a nice day idiots don't do anything i wouldn't do x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It was quickly apparent that not a single member of the Ullaakut knew what to do with the
Fire Prince. Kanut found this very funny, because it seemed the prince imprinted on him
when he was semi-conscious and now the two drank tea together, meaning Kanut tended to
be spared from the royal’s surliness.
Hakoda, who was not spared from the royal’s surliness, found this less funny. Chena, less
still.
They opted for the system that had worked so far. The prince was still recovering from a
serious injury and needed medical attention every few hours, so he would stay in the
infirmary for the foreseeable future. At least the infirmary had a good lock, and Kanut could
sleep in his hammock on the berth deck so he wouldn’t have to share a room with a
temperamental and getting-stronger-by-the-day firebender. It wasn’t a perfect system, but it
would have to do.
A soft knock echoed through the cabin and Hakoda looked up from the letter he was writing.
He had three to write. The first, to Bato, so he knew where his tribe where, though Hakoda
thought it was probably too soon to hope for his Second to be catching up. The second, to the
men at Chameleon Bay that had been waiting for the supplies Hakoda had received from the
Northern Water Tribe. This letter was easier. It was to Hakoda’s own men after all; they knew
family came before service. The final letter was to General Fong. Hakoda was yet to write to
the Earth Kingdom General informing him of the Ullaakut’s latest crewman, to keep in case
Prince Zuko didn’t survive his injuries. Now, it was apparent the prince would survive if only
to spite Hakoda.
Hakoda kept the letter vague, telling General Fong about their royal prisoner and asking to
meet him at the port of Weihai in three week's time. Weihai was a small Earth Kingdom
island to the east of the South Pole.

Three weeks with the Crown Prince of the Fire Nation and no cell to keep him in.
What could go wrong?
“Come in.” Hakoda said, making his tone normal and quickly hiding the letters. It was
important that news of the Fire Nation in the south stayed between him and Tulok. If the crew
found out, it would cause panic, and it would also cause the prince’s premature death.
General Fong didn’t want a corpse.
“Hey, Chief.” Tomkin smiled, but strangely, it didn’t reach his eyes. Nanook was at his side,
as usual, having half a head on the younger boy, and nodded in greeting.
“Is everything alright?” Hakoda asked, because those two together only ever meant trouble.
“We think the prince is on hunger strike.” Nanook said simply, leaning against the wall.
Hakoda sighed loudly. As if writing these letters wasn’t giving him enough of a headache.
“We took food into the infirmary and everything," Tomkin said, more bothered by this than
Nanook, “but he just glared at us until Kanut came back. It was creepy. Kanut says he hasn’t
eaten since sunset yesterday.”
And it was almost midday, meaning the prince’s hunger strike was about to reach its
seventeenth hour. Hakoda pinched the bridge of his nose.
“And has Kanut tried to make him eat?" Hakoda asked, because it seemed Prince Zuko at
least listened to what the healer said, even if he didn’t always comply.
“Kanut was the one who told us to bring him food. He's busy checking over Chena and
Tulok." Nanook said.
Hakoda remembered one time, when Sokka was seven. Hakoda had told Sokka he couldn’t
stay out playing because some of the warriors had spotted polar bears nearby, and Sokka
promptly refused to eat his dinner until he was allowed to play. As a father, Hakoda had
panicked, not wanting his son to be hungry, so they compromised; Sokka could play for an
hour, after he’d eaten.
But the Fire Prince was not Sokka, and Hakoda was the boy’s captor, and Hakoda didn’t
know the atrocities he wasn’t telling him about what really happened in the South Pole.
“Let him starve then." Hakoda said. “Bring him food, but if he’s too proud to eat, that’s on
him.”
____
They were taunting Zuko. They were playing mind games expecting him to fall for them.
Well, Zuko wasn’t weak. He wouldn’t give in so easy.
The boy with the ponytail and the boy with the beads in his hair, better known in Zuko’s
mind as Sword Thief and Soup Boy, were sat on Kanut’s bunk, cross legged with several
plates of food spread out between them. This was the second time today they’d come into the

infirmary with food. Zuko knew they were taunting him, because aside them two and the
healer coming in to grab supplies, no one risked unlocking the heavy lock of the infirmary’s
door that was currently keeping Zuko prisoner.
“I’m just saying, Chena doesn’t know that we know it’s there, and Aput checks it every other
week. We could just take a little-.”
“I’m not helping you steal from the rum stash." Soup Boy said exasperatedly, flicking a
crusty strip of meat that Zuko didn’t recognise at Sword Thief. Since they sat down, Sword
Thief had been conveying a surprisingly coherent argument for why they should raid the
ship’s alcohol supply. From Soup Boy’s response, it was a plan he’d been pushing for a
while.
Sword Thief went to respond, a smile on his lips, before his blue eyes flicked to Zuko’s gold
own. Zuko had spent this entire encounter sat rigidly on the infirmary bed, on the other side
of the room. He'd actually been staring at their food, willing his stomach not to growl, but
made sure to glare when the warrior’s attention turned to him. What kind of savage ate in
front of a hungry prisoner anyway? It was messed up, but Zuko wouldn’t beg.
The two boys met each other’s stare and Sword Thief immediately ducked his head, quickly
eating more food, as if to prove a point. Soup Boy narrowed his eyes at the other tribesman,
like he thought he was acting strangely, but didn’t say anything. Silence descended, which
Zuko had quickly noticed with these two was very rare.
It didn’t last.
“I can’t do this anymore!" Sword Thief suddenly exclaimed, jumping to his feet. Zuko
immediately stood up in a defensive stance, swallowing the urge to ignite his hands even a
little bit, the cut on his back complaining at the quick movement, but to his surprise, there
wasn’t malice in Sword Thief’s wide eyes. There was something else, something Zuko didn’t
recognise.
“Why aren’t you eating?” Sword Thief asked, and Zuko’s mind went blank. His confusion
went from a spark to a full inferno when Sword Thief kept talking. “If you’re trying to make
me feel bad because I took your swords, then I'm sorry. I thought they were cool, and in my
defence, I didn’t even know they were yours, and we’re hardly arming you anytime soon so
it’s not like you’re using them, and... and why does a firebender even want swords? I just
assumed they were decorative-.”
“What are you talking about?" Zuko asked quietly, staring at the other boy. Sword Thief
stuttered into silence, blinking, and Zuko could practically see his mind trying to connect
what was happening here.
“Well,” Sword Thief swallowed, suddenly growing sheepish, looking to a very amused Soup
Boy for help and receiving only a grin in response, “we’ve brought you food twice today, and
you haven’t touched anything. I figured it might be because I was the one bringing the food,
that you’re.... like... I don’t know... mad at me?"

If Zuko wasn’t so hungry, that string of incoherence may have baffled him more, but now, his
mind repeated the same few words. We've brought you food twice. But... but that wasn’t true.
They'd brought themselves food, setting the plates out between them, eating off of each
other’s and sharing just about everything. It had been a mind game.
And what did a tribesman care if Zuko was mad at him?
“You didn’t bring me food.” Was all Zuko managed after a few seconds of silence, because it
seemed each of the three boys were very confused in very different ways.
“Oh.” Soup Boy suddenly murmured, making everyone look to him. “Oh.” He repeated
again, as if he’d come to an important realisation, though it couldn’t be that important
because Zuko was the only one he was looking at.
“What? What is it?” Sword Thief asked desperately. Soup Boy looked close to facepalming.
“I don’t think the Fire Nation have communal meals." Soup Boy said, and Zuko frowned.
“What do you mean, communal?" Zuko asked, and that seemed to clarify whatever Soup Boy
was getting at, because Sword Thief’s mouth fell open. Zuko didn’t like how they both stared
at him, but there wasn’t anything negative in their gaze. They simply looked curious, and
perhaps... maybe... embarrassed?
“Spirits, we’re dumber than Chena.” Sword Thief said, before grabbing all of the plates
expertly and moving them to Zuko’s bed. Zuko jumped back when he came close, sitting
down and crawling with his back pressed to the wall like he’d done on his first night here, but
Sword Thief seemed oblivious as he carefully laid out the food. Content that it was all where
he wanted it, he hopped onto the bed, much to Zuko’s horror, and sat cross-legged not even
two metres away.
“Hey, Little Tom, maybe don’t sit so close-.”
“Your name is Tom?" Zuko asked in shock, interrupting Soup Boy’s caution as the other
warrior came to sit on the bed beside Zuko’s, the very bed where Zuko stole his soup from
him.
Sword Thief blinked his wide blue eyes. “Yeah. Well, technically it’s Tomkin, but all the
adults call me Little Tom. Nanook, however,” he threw another of those strange strips of meat
at Soup Boy, “is not that much older than me, and certainly not old enough to be calling me
little."
Nanook grinned, shrugging as he pinched some food from one of Tom’s- Tomkin’s plates.
Zuko didn’t recognise any of these foods. It was all... meaty. Zuko recognised the plate of
steamed fish, but where was the garnish? And where was the fruit and vegetables? Why was
there nothing that had been baked? Where were the spices?
“Why’d you ask?" Tomkin asked, cocking his head so that his odd braided ponytail fell
sideways.

Zuko shrugged, not liking the seating arrangement. They'd cornered him on purpose, he was
sure of it. Zuko could take these two boys if he had perfect health and his firebending, but
currently, even breathing made his stitches sting, and he didn’t know if he wanted to risk
firebending. The chief had been so cold when he promised to chain Zuko up, or throw him
overboard.
“Everyone here has weird names." Zuko mumbled with a scowl. “Tom is the only normal one
I've heard.”
Tom, like Mai’s little brother. A Fire Nation name. Something familiar in a literal sea of
strangeness and danger. Zuko was embarrassed he’d let this slip. Maybe it was the smell of
the food shaking his senses, the plates sat so close, tantalisingly close. Zuko was losing his
mind.
“You hear that, Little Tom?” Nanook grinned. “You pass as Fire Nation.”
“Stop calling me Little Tom. You're only two years older than me!” Tomkin said.
“Don’t you forget it.”
Zuko watched the two talking as he had earlier. The only difference now was that the food
had been moved even closer to him. If this was a torture ordered by the chief, then it was
certainly working.
“Hey, Your Majesty?” Nanook asked suddenly, and Zuko flinched when he looked up, angry
he’d let his guard slip again, but Nanook was only watching him with... concern?
“You can eat, you know." He said, and Zuko just stared at him. Nanook had mentioned this
communal meal idea, but Zuko didn’t understand. These plates were Tomkin’s and Nanook’s.
“Eat what?" Zuko asked, hands clenched into fists. It was all so frustrating. The way they
looked at him like he should have figured this out by now. They would laugh at him soon,
laugh because like always he just couldn’t catch what they were getting at. Zuko focussed on
his breathing. He wouldn’t firebend.
“See how there’s a load of plates, and they’ve all got different food on?” Nanook said, and
his tone was patient, his small smile kind as he pointed at the food. “Well, where we come
from, we all eat together. We put it in the middle – like this – and then we just... help
ourselves.”
“Do they not do that in the Fire Nation?” Tomkin asked, bewildered, like this was the only
normal way to eat food he could think of. Zuko could only shake his head. This... looked
exactly like when they’d brought food in here earlier, and Zuko had just glared hatefully, not
touching anything, even though in their minds, they’d been offering it to him. He felt so
stupid.
“So... none of the plates are mine?” Zuko tried, hating the uncertainty of it. Back home, if he
didn’t understand, he stayed quiet, because speaking out of turn was absolutely

unforgiveable. But now, Zuko was just so hungry, and confused, and everything was painful
because of that stupid big warrior.
“They’re all yours.” Tomkin said. “And they’re all mine, and they’re all Nanook’s. We share.
See."
And Tomkin proceeded to grab an empty plate, filling it with various foods from each of the
other plates, before he slowly handed it Zuko with the cautiousness of someone who’d just
remembered that the teenager before them was the Fire Prince. From this close, Zuko could
see the callouses in the brown skin of Tomkin’s hands, the swoop of the other boy’s jawline
being tickled by furs, how his blue eyes seemed warm in the glow of the oil lamp.
Zuko stared, the food staring right back, and his stomach growled. He matched Tomkin’s
caution as he took the plate from him, but Tomkin didn’t snatch it back, or start laughing. He
just smiled, tucking into his own food.
And the food was nice. It had none of the spice from back home, and what wasn’t cold was
steamed or boiled but never cooked, and it was salty enough to make Zuko eat slower
regardless of his hunger, but despite all of that, it tasted nice. And he couldn’t get used to
how Nanook would suddenly lean over from the left, making Zuko flinch each time because
his sight had been blurry in his left eye since he dishonoured Father, but Nanook was only
ever taking more food, and Tomkin would never yell at him for stealing because it wasn’t
stealing, it was sharing.
And it was nice.
“The food we eat is good for storage. We travel for months on end sometimes, so can’t have
food that goes off.” Nanook explained, and Zuko listened eagerly. He told himself he was
gathering information on these people, but he knew he was silently mesmerised. “We eat a lot
of meat, because it keeps us warm and fit, and it’s almost always readily available.”
“And because I am a superb hunter.” Tomkin said through a mouthful of food.
Nanook snorted. “If by superb you mean you shoot us more than the animals, then yes,
you’re incredible.”
Zuko tried not to let out even the smallest chuckle when he looked to Tomkin. “You shot one
of the crew?”
“It was one time!" Tomkin yelled, and Nanook burst out laughing. “Kanut said it was barely a
flesh wound, and Tulok forgave me anyway.”
Tulok. Zuko’s small smile fell, and he suddenly saw nothing but blood on the pai sho table
and terror in Lee’s eyes. He put his plate down, appetite up in flames.
“Hey, you not hungry, Your Majesty?” Tomkin seemed friendly when he spoke, but it was
bad timing. Zuko was telling himself over and over that these people were savages. He
couldn’t forget that. How did he forget that, even for a moment?

“Your Highness.” Zuko spat. “Majesty is for addressing the Fire Lord."
The two tribesmen watched him for a second, flicking a glance to one another at the blatant
shift in Zuko’s mood. He wouldn’t let himself relax again. Not in front of these two boys that
were so nearly his age. Not in front of Kanut who pretended to try and help him. Not in front
of any of them. Zuko was going to get away, get back to Uncle. Maybe he wouldn’t be able
to avenge Lee, but he wouldn’t sit and chat to his killers either.
“Well," Tomkin tried for a smile, placing a strip of what Zuko now knew to be blubbered seal
jerky on Zuko’s plate, “when me and Fire Lord Ozai next hang out, I'll keep that in mind."
Nanook chuckled, but Zuko only stared at his plate.
____
“I just feel that he’s not bad.” Tomkin said quietly as him and Nanook double-checked they’d
locked the prince in, taking a handful of empty plates from the infirmary. “He looks bad, and
he’s from a bad place, and everything in me says he’s bad inherently but... I don’t know,
Nan... I look at him and he just seems like a scared kid."
Nanook knew what his friend meant, but he wouldn’t entertain the thought. That boy wasn’t
just Fire Nation, he was a Prince. He would be Fire Lord one day. Nanook wasn’t as
forgiving as Tomkin. He'd thought Tomkin would hate Prince Zuko more than anybody after
what the Fire Nation took from him, but it wasn’t in Tomkin’s nature to be hateful. He always
assumed the best. It was why the crew took care of him so much. That goodness would get
him hurt one day.
Nanook wanted to think the prince wasn’t bad like Tomkin said, like even his own gut said,
but if he had to be cynical to keep Tomkin safe, then he would.
“He’s Fire Nation, Little Tom." Nanook said. "He’ll be biding his time while he’s injured, and
when he’s ready, he’ll go for us. We're no more than a bunch of idiot savages to him."
“Maybe you’re right.” Tomkin sighed as they headed to Hakoda’s cabin to tell him the prince
had eaten. Tomkin tried to sound truthful, but Nanook had been there when the youngest
crewman put that strip of seal jerky on Prince Zuko’s plate. To the prince, it was just being
given more food, but to a tribesman, it was a gesture. Sharing food was what they did, but
physically placing food from your plate onto the plate of another was a direct invitation to be
friends.
“Do yourself a favour, Tomkin." Nanook said when they reached the cabin, smiling a little.
“Don’t fraternise with the enemy.”
____
The Ullaakut was a vessel that needed constant maintenance. Every day, chores had to be
carried out to keep the ship and everyone on it running smoothly. The chores were tiring, but
necessary. Every crewman pulled their weight.

And Hakoda realised before he went to sleep that night that, if the prince wanted to stay on
their ship instead of being thrown overboard, why should he not pull his weight too? Nobody
gained anything from locking him in the infirmary all day. All that did was make Kanut’s life
more difficult, and it’s not like it was really keeping the prince from escaping. A locked door
is still pointless when said door is flammable. It would be better to make the prince work.
Then the Ullaakut benefitted, and Prince Zuko would be made too tired to cause trouble.
That was why the next morning saw Hakoda watching from the wheel as a surly Fire Nation
teenager learnt how to caulk a deck.
“Chief, if he tears any more of those stitches-."
“I’ve told Tulok and Aput to go easy on him for now." Hakoda interrupted Kanut’s grumbled
concern, still not completely understanding the weird bond between the healer and the prince
of the Fire Nation.
Kanut tapped his knuckles against the wooden helm, never looking away from the prince
below, as if he’d somehow be able to see through Prince Zuko’s stone front if the kid did
wind up hurting himself. “You’re punishing him.”
Hakoda frowned, looking to Kanut fully. “Of course I am. He's a Fire Nation soldier, their
Prince-.”
“No, you’re punishing him for something else, something more specific, something you’re
not telling me." Kanut said, his tone monotonous, and Hakoda sucked in a breath.
Kanut was observant. He had to be; he was a healer. He was also one of Hakoda’s oldest
friends, next to Bato. Kanut had practically been raised by Hakoda’s mother. They just knew
each other.
“I need you to trust me." Hakoda finally said, turning back to the wheel.
It was quiet for a few seconds before Kanut responded. “Chief,” he said grimly, “I trust you
with my life.”
Hakoda knew his crew would notice their change in course sooner or later. The air would get
colder, the water would begin to freeze, questions would be raised. Hakoda would bide his
time until then.
____
Zuko had never heard of caulking until today, and he decided immediately that he hated it
with his entire being.
“So, you take the caulking mallet, then you use it to drive the irons into the seams." One of
the older crewmen, a black-haired man called Aput, explained, sat with Zuko on the ship’s
deck. “The aim is to drive the oakum between the planks. It keeps the ship watertight and just
generally stiffens the wood, so it’s more stable."

Zuko didn’t miss Aput’s taut tone, or the subtle glances he flicked the chief, who was
watching every move Zuko made from the helm like a lion vulture honing in on a Komodo
chicken. Caulking itself wasn’t actually all that bad. It wasn’t strenuous, so Zuko’s back
didn’t pull at him too much, and he finally got to sit in the sun instead of being locked up
below deck. But it was hard to feel content with the tribesmen constantly walking around the
ship, and the sea spreading out endlessly around him, and the chief still staring.
Then there was Tulok.
It was clear that the chief had tasked both Aput and Tulok to watch Zuko today as he did their
chores for them, like a servant, or some beat down, pathetic prisoner, and now Tulok leaned
on the railing. Behind Zuko. To his left. And Aput wondered why he was struggling to
concentrate on the stupid caulking.
“Hey, Your Royal Shittiness, is this work above you or something? Pay attention." Aput said,
flicking his fingers in front of Zuko’s face. Zuko glared at him before looking down at the
strange tools in front of him. He still wasn’t used to being sworn at. It wasn’t that Zuko
wasn’t used to swearing. Sailors had a reputation for being a foulmouthed bunch, and he’d
often caught the crew of the Erlong swearing when they thought he wasn’t listening. He
knew plenty of curses himself, and had even been told off by Uncle on the occasions his
temper truly got the best of him. But it was being sworn at that Zuko wasn’t used to. Being
the prince meant Zuko demanded respect. If the crew of the Erlong even thought he’d
overheard them, they’d apologise immediately. These warriors weren’t like that. Zuko even
got the feeling they weren’t doing it to purposely disrespect him; they simply were that illmannered.
Zuko worked his jaw, narrowing his golden eyes on the caulking and nothing else. He had
been taught since birth how to hold himself and how to expect things. Holding a completely
rigid posture, concentrating hard enough to give himself a headache, Zuko could focus on the
caulking while also keeping tabs on what Tulok and the chief were up to.
“If you need a break-.”
“I’m not tired.” Zuko hissed, interrupting Tulok’s third suggestion that he stop. He knew it
was a trick, that they were mocking him. He'd work till he bled if it proved a point.
“Please kid, Kanut’ll have our heads if you hurt yourself." Aput said, chuckling. Zuko
refused to look away from the deck. He didn’t trust his temper. He was so close to Tulok, and
he could so easily do quite a bit of damage before anyone got the chance to pull him away.
Zuko hammered the mallet down harder to prove a point.
____
“He finished."
“He... what?" Hakoda asked, staring at Aput to see if he was joking. Aput just shrugged his
big shoulders, but Hakoda could tell the other crewman was impressed.

“He caulked all the spots that needed doing." Aput said. Hakoda frowned, leaning against the
rail of the helm to see Prince Zuko still holding the tools, hammering in some oakum that
looked decidedly wedged in enough, sat just shy of the shade cast by the mainsail. He was
following the sun. Either that, or he really hated Tulok stood behind him and was trying to
move away. Knowing the infuriating capability of the boy, it was probably both.
“We’ve had two Fire Nation attacks. The deck’s in the worst condition it’s been in for
months."
“Not anymore." Aput smirked. “The little bastard gets stubborn if you offer him a break,
makes him work harder.”
“You did make him have a break though, right?" Kanut asked suddenly, making Aput jump
with the hardness of the healer’s stare.
“We offered. He refused." Aput said, as if expecting a berating now from either the chief or
the healer. Hakoda just watched Kanut curiously, waiting to see how he reacted. Kanut
sighed, before walking to the rail, blue eyes landing on the prince.
“Hey, you royal pain in my ass!" Kanut yelled suddenly, and Prince Zuko’s gaze snapped
towards them. “Take a break. Doctor's orders."
The prince scowled. “I’m not tired.” He snarled back, seemingly oblivious to the crew who
had all stopped what they were doing to watch this odd exchange.
“Proud of you. Didn't ask. Have a break, tough guy." Kanut responded, before looking back
to Hakoda. Hakoda was staring, trying not to laugh.
“What?" Kanut asked, as if that interaction had been perfectly normal. Hakoda looked back
to the prince. Sure enough, the boy angrily and loudly dropped the tools with a mumbled and
overwhelmingly mature ‘whatever’, leaning back on his palms in a universally accepted
relaxing stance, though even from here, Hakoda could see his bunched shoulders, jumping
knuckles, gold eyes darting to Tulok every few seconds. Only Prince Zuko would relax in the
most stubbornly unrelaxed way possible.
Hakoda’s smile slowly fell. It was so easy to see this boy as a moody, temperamental,
stubborn, but for all of that simply young, naïve and innocent teenager. It was so easy for
Hakoda to consider that maybe he was too young to have been influenced too heavily by his
nation yet, maybe he wasn’t inherently evil just because of where he was born, maybe it is
the voice of war to judge a citizen by the actions of their country.
But Hakoda needed to remember who this kid was. He was the Fire Prince. He wasn't a
citizen; he was a leader. He may have been young, but he had been apparently old enough by
Fire Nation standards to lead a raid, and he had enough audacity to look Hakoda in the eye
and lie about what happened in the South Pole, in Hakoda’s home.
Until they got to the South Pole and Hakoda could see for himself the extent of the damage
committed by this boy, Hakoda would hold him in no redeeming light. Hakoda would keep
him alive because he was the chief, and Chiefs forfeit the right to act on emotion the moment

they become responsible for the lives of their crew, but that was all Hakoda would give this
boy. A life. It was more than what Kya got. It might have been more than what Katara and
Sokka got.
It was more than what the Fire Prince deserved.
____
Chena was the crew’s best fighter. He was a heavyweight. not very agile, but when he could
land a hit, he made them count. If Zuko hadn’t managed to splutter out his name back on the
Erlong, Chena would have killed him.
Tomkin was the crew’s youngest warrior. He came across as docile and overly friendly to the
point of stupidity. He missed when hunting, and had apologised to a prisoner. He posed the
least amount of threat.
The rest of the crew stood on a spectrum between those two. Zuko had spent his hours on
deck keeping one eye on his work and another on the Water Tribe, gaging their personalities,
deciding who would be a problem and who wouldn’t be.
Aput was another of the adults, well respected, and from what Zuko had observed when Aput
reported back to the chief, he was obedient to a fault. An obedient soldier with a tough
commander led to that soldier being tough himself.
Kanut was the healer. He had been kept in the infirmary during the attack on the Erlong. He
didn’t fight; it went against his nature. He read a lot, consuming all new information and
Zuko’s slip ups regarding the Fire Nation – things Zuko had thought everyone knew, like
what chi was – with avid enthusiasm. He also made nice tea.
Tomkin had said Nanook was only two years older than him, and Zuko gaged Tomkin to only
be around seventeen years old. Nanook was easy going, like Tomkin, and joked around a lot,
but there was an observation in his blue eyes that Tomkin lacked. Zuko felt like the warrior
was clocking every move he made, but there was a suspicious lack of maliciousness in
Nanook’s observatory skills. He hadn’t even commented on Zuko stealing his weird shirt, or
reminded Zuko of the time he threw his soup. Zuko decided Nanook posed more threat than
Tomkin, but he was hesitant to see the crewman in any particularly dangerous light.
The last of the crewmen that Zuko had met so far was also Zuko’s least favourite, parallel
only to Chena. Tulok was older and bigger than Zuko, and had a patient gaze, like nothing
Zuko did could surprise him. He was constantly watching. Watching the waves, the skies, the
crew, Zuko himself. Zuko had also seen him laugh with the chief once or twice, suggesting a
lack of Aput’s rigid obedience. Zuko needed to decide if that made Tulok more or less
dangerous. What he did know, however, was that when Tulok got in a fight, he felt no
empathy. Lee was young and so blatantly terrified, and still, Tulok hadn’t hesitated to throw
that boomerang, slitting flesh with jarring precision. He was a very big threat.
Zuko didn’t know how he could assess the rest of the crew, and the childish part of him didn’t
really want to meet any more of these strange, large men. He had his mental notes on his
biggest current threats.

He knew enough about the crew; it was time to consider their captain.
Chief Hakoda. Tall, broad, fierce, unforgiving. Since Zuko admitted to going south, the chief
had barely looked at him. This was a good thing, because the chief posed a bigger threat than
anybody else on this ship. Not only was it blindingly obvious that the chief could and wanted
to inflict pain upon Zuko, but he could also order his crew to do as he pleased. They must
have feared him a lot. They looked at him like they’d sooner throw themselves overboard
than defy him. Even Kanut did nothing when Chena dragged him to the chief’s office. Zuko
remembered all too well how it felt to have a hundred eyes watching, none willing to help.
He remembered burning. And this Chief was the inferno fuelling his crew. Zuko had to avoid
him with everything in him. Zuko had to appease him until the very last second. Zuko had
to-.
“Hey, Your Highness, you hungry?” Tomkin’s sudden voice made Zuko blink, snapping his
head towards the tribesman as he bounded across the deck to him, sitting clumsily.
“It’s alright, Tomkin. Don't you worry about helping me carry things. You just go ahead and
chat with your firebender friend while I do all the hard work.” Nanook said, carrying a range
of plates just like yesterday, catching up with his friend and sitting down too.
“You’re just so strong, Nan.” Tomkin grinned. “I knew you could handle it.”
Tomkin did not correct Nanook’s description of Zuko as Tomkin’s ‘firebender friend’, and
Zuko wasn’t sure how to feel about that. These people were very strange. This wasn’t how
you treated a prisoner. Then again, Zuko had never been held prisoner before. Maybe this
was just how the Water Tribe did things.
“It’s a bit early for lunch, isn’t it?” Zuko asked with a frown. Thinking back to yesterday, the
two boys had come in at weird times then too. Too early and too late.
Nanook shrugged. “We have two large meals a day, at sunup and sundown. We've had to alter
that a bit to fit with where we are in the world, but we still snack in between because the
work most of us do is so strenuous.” He threw a loaded glance to Tomkin, who was too busy
stuffing his face to notice.
“When do you eat in the Fire Nation?” Tomkin asked curiously. Zuko felt the familiar urge to
divert away from any conversation that involved him giving information on the Fire Nation,
but the kind of questions Tomkin, Nanook and Kanut asked were always nonsensical.
“We have three meals. Breakfast when we wake up, lunch at midday, dinner in the
afternoon.” Zuko said, remembering the formality of palace meals, always sat far away from
Father, always fending off Azula as she pinched and kicked him under the table. Then he
remembered meals on the Erlong, the crew chatting around him, Uncle telling tea jokes that
definitely were not funny.
“No snacking?!” Tomkin asked, bewildered.
Zuko scoffed. “No snacking.”

Nanook turned to the sky, using his hand to shield his eyes as he squinted at the sun. “Why’d
you say it wasn’t midday yet?” He asked, before pointing. “The sun’s practically centred.”
Zuko looked to the sky as Nanook did, but instead of using his hands to block the sun’s rays,
he extended them, palms facing towards him, one on top of the other. “Mainly a guess, but if
you use your hands like this,” Zuko kept stacking his hands, counting in his head, “you can
figure out exactly how many hours of sunlight are left, and you can see it’s another few
degrees until midday.”
Zuko dropped his hands again, grabbing a strip of seal jerky, and when he looked up, he saw
two pairs of wonderous blue eyes.
“That’s so cool.” Tomkin exclaimed. “Nanook, why don’t we know that?”
“Tulok probably does because he’s the navigator.” Nanook said, but he was unsure, like he
didn’t quite know either. “I guess that’s just common knowledge in the Fire Nation.”
“Before the hand trick,” Tomkin said, “did you say you guessed the time?”
“It’s more of a gut feeling.” Zuko said sheepishly, not liking how they were staring.
“Firebenders draw power from the sun, so we naturally stay entuned with it, even if we don’t
realise.”
“The same as waterbenders with the moon.” Tomkin whispered, his energy suddenly seeping
from him. Zuko wondered in horror if he’d said something he shouldn’t have, before
reminding himself that he shouldn’t care if he’d upset his captors. Despite that, he still didn’t
like Tomkin’s change in mood, and looked to Nanook almost in a panic. Nanook shook his
head ever so slightly, a poorly hidden melancholy in his eyes.
“The hand trick isn’t a Fire Nation thing.” Zuko said suddenly, if only to fill the silence. “I
learnt it on the Erlong. It's a sailor’s trick.”
Tomkin smiled weakly, before blinking and forcing himself to light up again. It was almost
believable, but Zuko had spent the past few hours observing the tribesmen, and he saw the
smile that didn’t quite reach Tomkin’s eyes.
"A prince who knows sailor’s tricks,” he laughed, “how humble of you, Your Highness.”
Zuko scowled, crossing his arms and instantly regretting it when his shoulder blades pulled at
his stitches.
“He’s just mad that you know more than him.” Nanook said with a grin.
“Nanook here thinks he’s brighter than the Aurora.” Tomkin said conspiringly.
“What’s the Aurora?” Zuko asked, and the question made Tomkin’s true smile return.
“In the South Pole,” he said, “the Spirits ignite the sky in winter, to remind us to be strong
and fight through the cold. It's like an entire rainbow, dancing through the stars.”

That sounded fake, but the glint in Tomkin’s eyes was hard to ignore.
“A... rainbow? In the stars?” Zuko asked incredulously. Nanook snorted, like Zuko’s
confusion was funny. Was he mocking him?
“I’ve never thought about it from a foreigner’s perspective, but I guess it does sound farfetched for someone who's never got to see it before.” Nanook said in place of anything
mocking.
“Maybe if you don’t go off colonising and committing mass murders, I'll show you one day.”
Tomkin said far too breezily, tapping Zuko’s foot and making Nanook shoot him a look. Zuko
didn’t know why, but the idea of Tomkin willingly showing him a part of his home was
almost... sweet.
“I do not colonise, or commit mass murders.” Zuko growled with a glare, pulling his foot
away.
“Maybe you don’t, but the Fire Nation do.” Nanook said.
That was just a lie. The Fire Nation was the greatest empire in the world. Instead of watching
the other three nations suffer in their regression, the Fire Nation had instead spread their
wealth and knowledge, taking in thousands of citizens who were lost without their skill.
Some minorities like the Southern Water Tribe were too set in their nomadic ways to see the
excellency of the Fire Nation, leading to violence between the two nations. How did that
make the Fire Nation the villain?
But Zuko knew that he couldn’t say that to these men without angering them. He couldn’t
cause a scene on deck, and besides, it helped him more if Tomkin and Nanook weren’t out to
get him.
Tulok and Aput soon returned, and Tomkin and Nanook reluctantly left to do their own
chores. Zuko spent the rest of the day swabbing the entire deck. Twice. It killed his back, and
the two older men still jeered at him to take breaks that he refused, and Tulok still stared, but
there was an upside. By being on deck, Zuko had a good view of his new escape plan. Rigged
to either side of the ship were two lifeboats. If Zuko could sneak out, using the darkness as a
cover, and get himself in one of those lifeboats, then he had a chance to row himself back to
the Earth Kingdom. He could find Uncle, he could get away, he could-.
“Prince Zuko.”
The chief’s cold voice sounded calmly and Zuko jumped back reflexively, looking up to see
the chief stood on the deck before him, the sun setting behind his looming form.
“I want to see you in my cabin.”

Chapter End Notes

Hakoda PLEASE be nicer to the Fire Brat he doesn't UNDERSTAND. Nanook let
Tomkin fraternise in peace. Kanut... never change <3

Chapter 5: i. Accidental Mutiny
Chapter Notes

After this chapter, influence from our lord and saviour muffinlance goes almost entirely,
and it gets very... southern ;). it’s all me and my stupid brain writing stupid things from
here on out, I hope you’re prepared x
As usual, have a nice day shitheads and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do

See the end of the chapter for more notes

General Fong’s letter arrived just before sunset; the fastest the Earth Kingdom General had
ever bothered responding to Hakoda. His handwriting was fancy enough for Hakoda to
struggle reading it, wishing Bato were here. They'd learnt penmanship together during their
time at sea, aided mainly by the always smarter Kanut. Hakoda was good at tactics and
planning, but when it came to ink and paper, Bato's skills shone through.
In the letter, General Fong didn’t even try to hide his excitement at the capture of the Fire
Prince, stating the possibilities they could exploit together. The Water Tribe and the Earth
Kingdom were a ‘they’ again. The General happily agreed to meet at Weihai, eager to take
the Crown Prince off Hakoda’s hands. Abridged; the Earth Kingdom were accepting this
peace offering.
General Fong also wrote an entire paragraph explaining how up to the task their ship’s brig
was, and that gave Hakoda an idea. It wasn’t an idea he liked very much, though he tried to
convince himself to warm to it, but it was a necessary idea. Hakoda needed to ensure Prince
Zuko wasn’t going to escape again. Every time he escaped, the prince hurt one of Hakoda’s
crew, and being constantly on edge distracted them. Hakoda had said what would happen to
Prince Zuko if he tried escaping again, but the determination in the kid’s eyes was still
gleaming. Hakoda could tell the Fire Prince would try something else soon. He needed to
discourage all plans the boy had, once and for all.
“I didn’t do anything wrong.” Prince Zuko growled, crossing his arms behind his back,
rooting his stance as he stood before Hakoda’s desk. He refused to sit down. Hakoda could
already feel a headache coming. Did the prince have to be such a child about everything?
“I did the chores you told me to. I only stopped when Kanut made me. I wasn’t even talking
to Tomkin and Nanook that long and anyway they came over to me. I swabbed the deck
twice. I didn’t break any rules-."
“You aren’t in trouble, Prince Zuko.” Hakoda said, massaging his temple. “Please, sit down.”
The prince stared in surprise, before his gold eyes flicked to the letter in front of Hakoda.
He'd turned it over, but Hakoda should have known a prince would recognise an Earth

Kingdom seal when he saw one.
Slowly, rigidly, Prince Zuko sat down. Even when he drew himself up as tall as he could, his
head didn’t pass the back of the chair.
“Prince Zuko, I have made an agreement with an Earth Kingdom General. We will
rendezvous with them soon and you will be passed over to their care.” Hakoda said, and the
kid just stared. Why wouldn’t he? There was no reason for Hakoda to tell him this. If
anything, Hakoda telling him this would only cause more damage. Prisoners should be kept
as in the dark as possible. But this prisoner was unique.
“When?” The prince whispered, shoving his hands under his legs.
“Three weeks. First, we will travel south. I will see for myself what you and your men did in
the South Pole. I'm warning you now, son, if you’ve lied to me-.”
“I didn’t lie.” There was none of the prince’s usual venom in his tone. He spoke quietly,
staring at the floor. He seemed... exhausted.
Silence settled. Hakoda knew what he had to say, and he knew he had to speak cruelly for the
words to be effective. Hakoda knew this was what was best for his crew.
But why had the kid suddenly stopped fighting him?
____
How on Agni had Zuko forgotten about the Earth Kingdom?
He'd thought, or blindly hoped, that he’d misheard. Blood loss and terror had made his first
few hours with the Water Tribe blurry to say the least. He wanted to believe he was wrong,
that they weren’t sending him away, but he had heard correctly. The Earth Kingdom were
coming for him. He had three weeks.
And he felt stupid because he felt betrayed.
Zuko wondered distantly if the chief had purposely worded this in a way that tempered Zuko.
Usually, Zuko would be enraged right now. The South Pole was as far away from the North
Pole as possible, and the North Pole was where the Avatar was, where Zuko needed to be.
But it was hard to be too upset about that now the Earth Kingdom were involved. For once,
the Avatar could wait. The chief had made it so Zuko was almost happy to be going south
first. It bought him time...
“They’re going to crush my hands.” Zuko muttered.
He didn’t know why he said that. It was a statement now, no longer a possibility or an if I get
caught scenario. It had become a certain outcome.
“Listen, kid,” the chief said, and Zuko couldn’t even look up, “these guys don’t mess about.
You've had it very easy here, and you need to understand that. There is no love lost between
my kind and yours, ashmaker, but the same can be said for the Fire Nation and Earth

Kingdom. If you misspeak, misbehave, or so much as look at them wrong,” the chief paused,
taking in a small breath, “then they won’t hesitate to break you.”
“They have a cooler in their brig.” The chief continued. “General Fong says one of his men
was held prisoner in the Fire Nation a few years ago and came back with some of their
designs. It's state of the art, designed to reduce a firebender’s body temperature to just above
a fatal level.”
Zuko wasn’t sure when he stopped breathing, but it was sometime around ‘they won’t hesitate
to break you’. At the mention of the coolers that he knew must have been replicas of the ones
in the Boiling Rock prison, Zuko felt his entire body seize up. A firebender frozen in a tiny
space. No sunlight. No warmth. No bending. The picture of vulnerability.
“The prison you’re talking about is the Boiling Rock. They make their cells from metal, so if
a prisoner firebends, it heats up and burns them.” Zuko said. He was eerily calm. He always
turned eerily calm when he felt like this. Calm was a predecessor, like shock making your
body freeze when being plunged into icy water.
The chief was staring at Zuko when he finally summoned enough courage to look up. For a
millisecond, there was something soft in his blue eyes, but it vanished and Zuko knew he
must have imagined it.
“How do you know all that?” The chief asked, raising an eyebrow.
Zuko swallowed. “Because it’s my father’s design.”
It seemed oddly fitting.
____
How fitting, that the Fire Lord’s son would be subject to his own sick designs. How fitting,
and how completely barbaric. Hakoda was barely keeping the growl of indignance from his
words. Truth be told, even with knowing this boy was the Fire Prince, even with knowing this
boy had been south, Hakoda hated tormenting him like this. Fear had never been Hakoda’s
way. Not with parenting, not with leading, and not with prisoners. He preferred compromise;
finding common ground.
But the escape attempts had to stop, and Prince Zuko had refused all compromises Hakoda
had tried. But there was something else to it now. Hakoda hadn’t realised until he started
talking, but he was telling Prince Zuko about the Earth Kingdom for another reason.
To warn him.
“Well, if you behave, they’ll sort out something with your father, and then you might just
make it home without them having to lay a hand on you-.”
“What?” The prince hissed, though it sounded like more of a gasp, and to Hakoda’s shock,
the kid was paralysed in horror. He sat like the chair was burning him, his gold eyes wide and
shamelessly frightened.

“My father can’t know about this.” He said desperately. “He can’t. It would shame him. If
they need to bargain, they can do it with Uncle. He'll give them anything they want. He can-.”
“Prince Zuko, a month or two away from home won’t have estranged you from your father
that much. He's probably worried sick about you. So long as he complies with General
Fong’s requests-.”
“No!” The boy cried out, jumping to his feet fast enough to send his chair scattering
backwards. He was breathing too quickly. “No, you don’t understand. It hasn’t been a month
or two. I can't go home until I get the Avatar. Why can’t you understand that?”
The prince was rambling and Hakoda didn’t know what was happening, but he knew there
was a lot more to this than he’d assumed. A son getting this worked up at even the mention of
their father insinuated some chilling conclusions, conclusions that Hakoda didn’t want to be
true no matter how much he hated the Fire Lord and how much he tried to hate the Fire
Prince, conclusions that, regardless of that, would explain a lot of said Fire Prince’s
behaviour.
“Prince Zuko, how long exactly have you been away from home?” Hakoda asked, keeping
his voice calm.
The prince swallowed, twisting something in his pocket. “It was my fault.”
“How long?”
The kid’s voice was a terrified rasp. “Three years.”
____
Father would know Zuko had been captured. Father would know Zuko had failed his mission.
Father would know about all of the weak decisions Zuko had made assuming Father would
never find out. Father would know that his son’s years away from home, years supposed to
teach him, had left him as cowardly and honourless as ever.
Father would never accept him back after this.
“But... But why... how could...” The chief stuttered before Zuko, and Zuko’s terror froze for a
second as shock coursed through him. Not only had Zuko seemingly caught the chief off
guard, but the chief wasn’t even trying to mask his confusion.
“What exactly did you do to get sent away?” The chief asked, and Zuko shook his head.
What didn’t he do? He spoke out of turn, he disrespected Father, he was weak, he was stupid,
he was cowardly. He deserved it. Father was merciful in giving him his life. A life; that was
all Zuko had earned.
And Zuko didn’t want to talk about it. He didn’t think he could say those words again without
them twisting his mouth like glass, the memory of blood on his lips.
“You can’t tell him.” Zuko whispered.

And that was when the chief stood.
The chief was not the Fire Lord. Zuko just hadn’t felt this vulnerable, this utterly defenceless,
since he lived with his father in Caldera. The emotions got tangled in his mind and convinced
him they were the same, but the chief was not the Fire Lord.
So why did that not reassure Zuko? How were the glacier-blue eyes of Chief Hakoda as
familiar as the burning gold of Fire Lord Ozai?
Because no matter what Zuko said, the chief didn’t listen. Every word was another stick of
kindling and Zuko was building his own pyre. He always did. Mother used to beg Zuko to
talk less, because his panic would make him ramble and Father hated rambling, but Zuko just
couldn’t stop. And it was happening again, because when Zuko spoke to the chief, he knew
that the moment the silence settled, something awful would happen.
“No! Get away from me. I did nothing wrong. I did what you said! Father can’t know.” Zuko
yelled, backing away from the chief. The chief raised his hands – was he going to strike out?
- but when he spoke, his voice was the softest Zuko had ever heard it. To form a false sense
of security? To lure Zuko in?
“Prince Zuko, I need you to breathe for me.”
The chief took another step, then another. He was about to reach Zuko, and when he did,
Zuko didn’t know what would happen. The frozen shock of the icy waters was giving way to
drowning.
Zuko was panicking, and all he knew was that he couldn’t let this man touch him.
____
Hakoda didn’t know what he was doing, but looking at Prince Zuko didn’t stir up his rage
and heartbreak anymore. Anytime those feelings tried to surface, they were drowned out by a
whispered three years.
How old had this kid been when he was sent away from home? How scared must he have
felt? How lost?
Hakoda was a father, just like the Fire Lord, so part of his mind tried to make sense of this.
Surely, Prince Zuko had done something terrible to warrant such a punishment? But in
Hakoda being a father, he knew that, no matter what the prince had done, no child deserves
such a cruel punishment.
So instead of anger and contempt, when Hakoda looked at this boy, he felt a warmth he
hadn’t felt in a long time – two years to be exact – that made him want to reach out. A
warmth fuelled by protectiveness and compassion. Hakoda wondered if he’d had that warmth
before Sokka and Katara came along. Hakoda wondered if he’d ever felt it for someone else’s
kid before, then he remembered Tomkin’s wide eyes when he first joined the Ullaakut.
Sixteen years old and no one in the tribe able to fight for him to stay. There had been nothing
Hakoda could do, so he kept Tomkin close. When the older crewmen teased the sensitive boy,

Hakoda stopped it. When Tomkin woke up crying for his parents, Hakoda sat with him until
sunrise. This warmth was something that could transcend borders, blood, lifetimes. And
stood before Hakoda now was this kid that was not his that had never felt this warmth, only
burning. And with that, nationality and past and future fell away. Hakoda wasn’t a Chief and
Zuko wasn’t a prince.
They were just a father and son.
“Easy, kid.” Hakoda said slowly, taking another step towards the hyperventilating teenager.
“Breathe.”
He reached out a hand, and it was at exactly this moment that the Fire Prince snapped himself
out of his state and promptly bolted out of the unguarded door.
____
Zuko couldn’t go downstairs because that would further trap him and he couldn’t go to the
infirmary because that was where they locked him in even though that was where the tea was
which was possibly the only thing that might tether him right now, and he couldn’t go on
deck because he didn’t know if the crew had gone to bed yet and even if they had Zuko now
knew that the Water Tribe had a night watch. But if he couldn’t get on deck, then how could
he get to the life boat?
He didn’t care if sailing in the darkness alone with no supplies was unwise. He cared only to
get away from him. He would be so angry when he caught him. Father hated when Zuko
flinched, ducked, ran, or did anything to try and evade the consequences of his own actions.
The chief wasn’t Father, but Zuko realised then that, despite the war, nationality truly didn’t
matter. A Water Tribesman’s fist bruises just as blue as a Fire Nation’s. The chief had already
tried to grab him...
And he was quick. Zuko could hear the heavy footfalls of Chief Hakoda as he stormed after
him. Zuko didn’t make a decision; he bolted like a terrified turtleduck swimming away from
rocks being thrown. The lack of decision soon came back to bite him, because he wound up
on deck, and sure enough, while most of the crew seemed to have gone to bed, Tulok stared
back at him from his right, boomerang strapped to his belt.
Zuko felt sick and shaky and no matter how hard he tried to breathe, his lungs never filled.
The lifeboats were too far. There was nowhere to go. Nowhere to go, and Tulok was there
with Lee’s death in his eyes. Nowhere to go, and the chief was gaining on him with every
second he wasted. Nowhere to go, and the moon sat on the horizon directly before the ship,
almost resting on the bowsprit and igniting the waters around them into something that
shone.
The chief exploded onto the deck and Tulok lunged, but Zuko had always been quick.
____
The Prince of the Fire Nation was balanced on the bowsprit. A firebender had placed himself
atop the length of wood that the forestays attached to, creating a direct line to the very

flammable, very necessary-for-survival-out-at-sea sails. One spark, even a stray, could send
the sails up in flames. This boy could sink the Ullaakut by accident. Worse still, the bowsprit
was just a thin spar at the bow of the ship, pointing out to the endless ocean. If the kid fell, or
jumped in his own panic, then the waves would take him, the Ullaakut slicing through him.
And now, Hakoda had told him all of the horrors that he would face soon. What reason did
Prince Zuko have not to raze the ship to the ocean floor, aside his own personal survival that
he’d never seemed to care for much, hence him thinking balancing on the bowsprit was a
good idea in the first place?
“Prince Zuko,” Hakoda tried carefully, taking a few steps across the deck so he was within
two metres of the kid, freezing when his advance saw the Fire Prince back up an inch,
“you’re going to fall. Get back on the deck.”
“No.” The boy hissed stubbornly, but Hakoda heard a tension he’d never bothered to listen
for before. The kid was terrified.
“If he falls, we can fish him out pretty easily.” Tulok pointed out, only half joking.
"That’s if he doesn’t drown or whack his head on the hull.” Hakoda hissed, and Tulok quickly
shut up.
“Prince Zuko,” Hakoda tried again, “if you won’t come over here, I'll come over there.”
Tulok hid his snicker. Badly. It earnt him a slap to the head from Hakoda, before Hakoda
cautiously approached the bowsprit. When the kid just stared at him with wide eyes, easing
himself to a sitting position, legs dangling metres above the churning sea, Hakoda took that
as the only form of invitation he would get. With a deep breath, he climbed up, balancing on
the thin wood.
“Need me to wake the others?” Tulok asked. Hakoda thought a moment, but Prince Zuko was
panicked enough.
“No, let them be, but fill some buckets.” Hakoda ordered, and Tulok nodded. They both
seemed to know that there weren’t enough buckets of water in the world that could stop a
firebender hellbent on an inferno.
“None of us will judge you for shoving him off, Chief.” Tulok said with a grin, but it seemed
a little forced as he threw concerned glances the prince's way.
Hakoda wobbled against a sharp gust of wind. “Just get the damn buckets."
____
Zuko watched with narrowed eyes as the chief carefully shuffled along the bowsprit. Zuko
scooted as far back as he could without tumbling into the ocean. Aside that, what else could
he do? He'd cornered himself like an idiot.
At least out here the air didn’t burn his throat. He could gulp down enough to fill his lungs,
slowly getting his heartrate back to a normal pace. That was until the chief slowly eased

himself to straddle the bowsprit, gripping the wood tight and blocking off any opportunity
Zuko could have taken to get back to the safety of the ship. It truly was an incredible showing
of idiocy that Zuko had created a situation in that the Water Tribe ship was safe.
“This wasn’t very smart, was it?” The chief finally said. Zuko never took his eyes off the
man, but around him the ocean churned. If he fell, he would die, and if the chief pushed him,
he would fall. He hadn’t got a leg to stand on.
Zuko was out of time. He knew that. He'd known in the Agni Kai all those years ago, as he
begged and cried, as he insisted he wouldn’t fight Father. There had been a moment, right
before he looked up, when he’d known that there was no more he could do. He felt that
hopelessness again now, as he watched the chief’s calm expression, blue eyes trained on the
sea. He opened his mouth, about to charge Zuko, about to damn him, and said-.
“How old are you, Prince Zuko?”
That... was not what Zuko expected him to say. Zuko couldn’t find the trick. What was he
missing? How was he supposed to answer?
“Sixteen.” Zuko said deliberately.
“And how old were you when you were sent away?”
Zuko worked his jaw. He didn’t like talking about that, much less with this man. “Thirteen.”
He said through gritted teeth. “I was banished at thirteen.”
And when Zuko said banished, the chief actually flinched. What was Zuko missing here?
“That’s how old my son was,” the chief said, “when I left him in the South Pole.”
The pain in his voice was so blatant, so unmasked, sorrow furrowing his brows and making
his hands clench into fists atop the bowsprit. And Zuko couldn’t breathe again, because this
Chief was a father. Things seemed worse. Fathers learnt a different type of coldness than
others. They had to be cold to yield strong children. This man knew how to look desperation
in the eye and disregard it. Zuko didn’t know what to say so he stayed quiet. If he started
talking, he wouldn’t stop.
“When you went south,” the chief finally looked to Zuko, and his icy eyes seemed to be
melting, “did you see two kids? They’ll be fourteen and fifteen now, a girl and a boy?”
That was a coincidence. The two Water Tribe kids travelling with the Avatar fit that
description, but it was a pretty vague description. Admittedly, they were the only teenagers in
the South Pole that Zuko had seen, but he hadn’t stayed long.
“What do they look like?” Zuko asked quietly. Maybe if he helped the chief then he’d leave
him alone, or show mercy. It wasn’t like Zuko was giving information on the Fire Nation.
This conversation was different to any he’d had on this ship.
The chief ghosted a smile. “Well, the girl has long brown hair, and eyes like butter wouldn’t
melt. She wears beads in her hair.” His smile solidified. “And the boy thinks he can take on

the world with his own two hands. Warrior’s wolf tail hairstyle, sarcastic – ringing any
bells?”
It was actually. Zuko remembered a boy stood before his village, willing to take on an entire
Fire Nation ship with no bending, no training and a single spear. Zuko remembered a
waterbender with wide eyes the colour of the very ocean she wielded, hair pulled from her
face by beads so she could focus. But those ocean eyes... there was nothing sweet in them.
Butter was too soft an analogy for the waterbender. She had been weathered into something
strong.
They were the chief’s kids.
This was bad. Zuko needed to lie and say he didn’t know them, but Zuko was a terrible liar.
Could he tell the truth? Could he tell this man that he had actively placed his children in
danger? Was the chief the kind of father who would care? Would he even believe anything
Zuko said?
Zuko took a deep breath and began to explain.
____
Hakoda stared at the stars and the stars stared right back, watching him purposely breathe in
and out, in and out, in and out. His mind was whirring away as he desperately processed what
he’d just heard. Him and the prince had been sat precariously on the bowsprit for some time
now as Prince Zuko laid out the events of the past month.
He had been searching for the Avatar – a statement Hakoda was still struggling to believe –
and his search led him south. While there, a beam of light struck the sky, and the prince
followed it with the help of his uncle. It took him straight to Hakoda’s village. Prince Zuko
insisted he only scared the villagers into giving him the Avatar, that he didn’t hurt anyone, let
alone kill them. But even looking at the kid as a gold-eyed teenager not a gold-eyed Fire
Prince, Hakoda couldn’t help but grit his teeth and pray.
Apparently, Prince Zuko captured the Avatar, and Hakoda had thought that would be
everything. He thought wrong. Because who else boarded a Fire Navy ship with no back up
aside their own sheer willpower than Sokka and Katara. Again, the prince insisted he didn’t
hurt anyone, but it seemed this time, it wasn’t through lack of trying. Hakoda had seen Prince
Zuko fight – fighting on his own ship’s deck, fighting Chena, Tulok, even darting past
Hakoda more than once – so he knew that, if he wanted to, this boy could have stopped his
children without a second thought. Hakoda just couldn’t believe a Fire Nation soldier would
ignore that possibility. Mercy does not come naturally to those from a merciless nation.
Then it got worse. They went to Kyoshi Island. Prince Zuko admitted – somewhat sheepishly
- that he almost burnt an entire village to the ground, but ‘it wasn’t my fault because they
were harbouring the Avatar and if they’d just give him me then maybe everyone’s odds of
being set on fire would lower considerably.’ The Avatar evaded him again, and so did Sokka
and Katara.

“Then there was that whole revolt from the Earth Kingdom on that prison ship.” Prince Zuko
was now saying, wringing his hands.
“Did you say prison ship?” Hakoda asked with a groan. He would be having a very long talk
with his kids when he saw them again. If he saw them again.
“I’m pretty sure your daughter got herself arrested on purpose. Then she started a riot and all
these Earth Kingdom prisoners escaped-.”
“You tried to stop them?”
“What? No.” Prince Zuko said like that was a stupid conclusion to come to. “Their freedom
is no business of mine. I just want the Avatar.”
Hakoda had noticed this a lot in Prince Zuko’s stories. The prince never did it on purpose,
and blatantly didn’t realise he was doing it even at the time these events took place, but every
opportunity for violence that a normal Fire Nation soldier would seize, this boy didn’t even
consider. It gave Hakoda hope that maybe... just maybe... everyone he loved was still okay.
“What happened next?” Hakoda asked patiently, because the kid seemed to be responding
well to that and had even stopped breathing so fitfully.
“Well, the girl dropped her necklace and I used it to track her. I was only using her to lure in
the Avatar, I wasn’t actually going to hurt her-.”
Katara’s necklace, the one she took from her own mother’s cold neck when she and Hakoda
ran into their tent, ran too slow, got there too late. Hakoda glared. “What did you do?”
The prince stared for a moment, swallowing nervously before blurting out, in mumbled
incoherence; “I-tied-her-to-a-tree.”
Hakoda frowned, straining to hear. “What?”
“I tied her to a tree, okay?! But it wasn’t even for long, because then the pirates betrayed me
and ruined everything-.”
“Pirates?”
“Yes. Anyway, then there was the whole thing with the nuns and their stupid perfume and
that idiot shirshu. I didn’t think I'd catch up again until I heard Zhao saying-.”
The prince abruptly cut himself off, eyes widening by a fraction. Hakoda honed in on this.
Throughout his rough storytelling, one thing the prince hadn’t done was gloss. He never
glossed over the things he’d supposedly done, even when admitting things like ‘I tied her to a
tree’. Things he so easily could have left out, but didn’t. So why was he holding back now?
“Admiral Zhao, right? The one you don’t like? What did he say?” Hakoda asked, but in a
bizarre turn of events, the prince had completely shut himself off. He was unreadable. No
anger, no impatience, no indignance. Just... emotionless.

“We heard word that the Avatar had been captured and was being held in the Pohuai
Stronghold.” Prince Zuko said. “We went there, but didn’t even make port before finding out
someone going by the name of the Blue Spirit had freed him, and that he was now heading to
the Northern Water Tribe to master waterbending. That’s where I should be right now, but
instead you and your men tried to kill me-.”
“Okay, Your Majesty, I get the gist.” Hakoda interrupted, almost grateful that the little brat’s
snappiness had returned. The string of events that Prince Zuko had laid out were outlandish.
The kind of outlandish that was difficult to make up on the spot. Was the prince so good at
manipulation that he could lie this well? Was this all a joke to him? Believing a Fire Nation
soldier was lying under pressure was much easier to believe than pirates and prison ships and
air bison.
Settling on that conclusion made Hakoda sorely tempted to do as Tulok suggested and push
the Fire Prince into the sea, but that was his temper talking. Hakoda had always been quick to
emotion, that’s what his mother said. It had taken decades of conditioning and patience to
make him a worthy leader, and worthy leaders don’t give into their own anger. Even though
the Fire Prince said he'd seen Sokka and Katara. For his own wellbeing, Hakoda had to
believe that was a lie, twisted and formed to hurt Hakoda. He had brought up his kids first,
after all. Maybe he put this idea in Prince Zuko’s head?
It didn’t matter. Hakoda would stay calm with this boy. The last time he let his control slip,
the kid had almost had a breakdown and ran onto the bowsprit. If Hakoda had said anything
wrong while out here, then the Fire Prince could have sunk the Ullaakut, or accidentally
drowned himself, or both. Hakoda wouldn’t make a mistake like this again. He knew this was
his fault. He accepted that.
“Prince Zuko, will you come back to the ship now?" Hakoda asked slowly.
The prince’s eyes flashed, his defensiveness returning as he pushed himself as far from
Hakoda as possible, making him stumble slightly and almost fall sideways into the sea.
“No. You're going to tell Father... and you’ll send me to the Earth Kingdom, or you’ll break
my legs or cut off my hands or-.”
Spirits, he was panicking again.
“Hey now,” Hakoda tried, “how about we negotiate?”
That shut him up.
____
Negotiate? Negotiate?
Zuko had told the chief all of that because he had no other choice. He didn't know what the
chief would do to him if Zuko didn’t cooperate, so he finally gave in after days of fighting the
Water Tribe crew. He was weak. He broke so easily. He always broke so easily. But he’d been
so blindly terrified when he climbed out here. He wasn’t thinking clearly.

He had never considered he’d get something in return.
“Negotiate how?” Zuko asked carefully, certain this was a trick.
The chief shrugged his big shoulders, but Zuko could tell this was costing him more than he
was letting on. “I’ll make you a deal.”
Zuko didn’t like deals. Azula was very good with deals. Her deals always left him with the
short straw, and he’d only realise when he’d already agreed.
“If you come down now and go to bed,” the chief said, blue eyes hard, “then I promise I’ll
have General Fong agree to treat you fairly. I can’t ensure he’ll avoid contact with the Fire
Lord, but I can offer you fair treatment. No coolers.”
Zuko swallowed his temptation. He’d known immediately that there was no way he could be
held hostage without his father being part of the communication. He knew, and that’s why he
was so terrified. What the chief was offering now was all that the chief could offer. If he had
tried to promise Zuko his safety, or synonymously, his father’s ignorance, then Zuko would
have known it was a lie told to lure him back to the deck. But the chief didn’t say that. He
offered the bare minimum, because it was truthfully all he had. Why did Zuko feel so
inclined to accept his promise? A promise; the currency of children?
Because he had no other choice.
“And your crew?” Zuko asked quietly.
“My crew will not hurt you."
Zuko narrowed his eyes. “Will you?”
The chief matched his glare. “Like I said before; only if you force my hand. I am not a
violent man, Prince Zuko.”
But he was a father and a leader. He couldn’t do his job without violence, right? But what
choice did Zuko have? He didn’t trust this man, but if the chief wanted him dead, he would
have killed him by now. Zuko had to believe that as of right now, he wouldn’t be harmed. He
couldn’t stay out here forever, and the chief seemed pretty set on getting Zuko to the Earth
Kingdom. Zuko doubted General Fong could barter much with a dead body.
“I’m not going first.” Zuko finally grumbled, and the chief turned to hide a small smile,
before his large form slowly, painfully slowly, got to his feet and edged off the bowsprit. He
didn’t even hide his sigh of relief when his feet touched the sturdy deck, blue eyes turning
expectantly to Zuko.
Zuko swallowed. Now it was his turn. He still had a choice of course. The icy ocean that
would drag his useless body into its depths, or the Chief of the Water Tribe? At least there
was a certainty with drowning; Zuko didn’t know what Chief Hakoda would do to him. But
he’d played enough pai sho with Uncle to know about probabilities, and he knew likely death
wasn’t as bad as certain death.

Steadily and with more elegance than the chief, Zuko got to his feet, balancing on the thin
wood. Beneath him, nothing but ocean.
He hadn’t even realised his hand had reached his pocket, curiously searching for his white
lotus tile. It was probably because of the sudden thought of pai sho, or perhaps the dangerous
situation he found himself in.
Either way, he was holding it when the wind picked up. The breeze that had previously
combed through his hair and cooled his sweating skin now slammed against him like a
barrage, and suddenly, Zuko stumbled. It was his reflexes that saved him, hands shooting out
at lightning-speed and grasping the forestay to keep him up. He barely had time to choke out
a cry of relief at the near miss when he saw something small and brown flying from him.
He’d flung his hands from his pockets so quick that he’d thrown his pai sho tile. Zuko didn’t
think much after that, if at all. He simply saw the white lotus flower spinning away from him
and knew with absolute certainty that he couldn’t lose it. It was all he had left of Uncle, of the
Erlong, of Lee.
The bowsprit was no longer beneath his feet as his hands wrapped around the small tile, and
Zuko was falling.
____
Hakoda had watched the kid get to his feet with militaristic grace, watched him stumble,
watched him drop something small in his haste to recover. Hakoda hadn’t been worried. The
prince had simply lost his footing a little, but had righted himself almost instantly.
Hakoda hadn’t been worried until Prince Zuko’s gold eyes locked on the object he’d dropped,
and then the Fire Prince promptly hurled himself off the Ullaakut.
“Zuko!” Hakoda yelled, formalities forgotten as he lunged. He managed to wrap his arms
around the kid’s torso, yanking him back against the hull, hard. Hakoda himself was dangling
halfway over the rail before Tulok had the mind to grab him by handfuls of his coat. Slowly
and with his heart thundering at a painful speed, Hakoda managed to drag Prince Zuko over
the rail, the two of them collapsing once they were both on the safety of the deck.
“By the Spirits, what on Tui and La just happened?!” Tulok was yelling, but Hakoda just
rolled over to watch the prince, panting with adrenaline. The kid was failing to hide a wince,
still far too injured to be thrown against the deck like that, and the pain had winded him,
leaving him to suck in small, desperate breaths.
Clutched in his hands tight enough to be some arcane treasure was a simple game tile.
Hakoda wanted to yell at how dangerous that was, wanted to scream at this idiot that he was
seconds away from drowning or being crushed by the ship, but at the sight of the Fire Prince
looking so shocked, so fragile, Hakoda remembered his decision to stay calm. The kid
responded to calm. Anger had made him flee to the bowsprit last time, and Hakoda was far
too shaken to deal with that again.

“You alright, son?” Hakoda finally asked.
“I’m not your son.” The prince growled, but the malice of it was lost in the smallness of his
tone as he clumsily got to his feet and stormed below deck.
Whatever had just come over him, it had shaken Prince Zuko as much as it had shaken
Hakoda.
For a few more seconds, Hakoda sat there, getting his breath back and actively ignoring
Tulok’s questions. He wasn’t in the right headspace to talk to anyone right now.
The kid had almost died, almost sorted out Hakoda’s tribulations in a morally acceptable
manner, and Hakoda had saved his sorry ass. As a Chief, it was a lucky call. Losing Prince
Zuko meant losing General Fong, which Hakoda’s crew couldn’t afford. But as a Southern
Water Tribesman who knew damn well what the Fire Nation did up south, as a warrior who
had seen the suffering caused by the ashmakers, as a father whose kids had apparently been
plagued by this teenager, why hadn’t he just let the prince fall to his death?
Deep down, Hakoda knew the answer lay in his own personality. He was not that kind of
man, and he never wanted to be. That didn’t mean his spiteful side was ready for that to be
illuminated so soon.
____
Kanut waited in the infirmary. He'd watched the chief go over to the Fire Brat on deck,
inviting him to his cabin, and Kanut hadn’t seen Prince Zuko since. He’d only heard footsteps
down the corridor and some voices up on deck. If anyone else was with the kid, Kanut would
reluctantly be nervous. He’d grown an annoying attachment to the little royal. He saw too
much of himself in him, and he’d been a healer too long not to notice the scars all the other
crewmen missed.
Luckily, the kid was with Hakoda. Kanut knew Prince Zuko didn’t like Hakoda, and he also
had a sneaking suspicion as to why that he really didn’t want to be right about, but Kanut
trusted the chief. He trusted him to say and do the right things. After all, Hakoda had known
what to say and do back when him and Kanut were young.
After what seemed like hours, Kanut heard the familiar not-heavy-enough-to-be-Water-Tribebut-angry-enough-to-be-Fire-Nation footfalls echoing through the corridor, and sure enough,
Prince Zuko soon emerged. He looked as surly as ever, but even though he tried to hide it,
Kanut could see he looked a little shellshocked. Kanut wondered what Hakoda had said to
him.
“You don’t look so tough, tough guy.” Kanut quirked an eyebrow, placing down the book he
was reading.
“I’m fine.” The prince hissed.
Kanut was already getting the tea ready. “Sure, sure.”

Chapter End Notes

zuko runs to the bowsprit while having a panic attack has very similar vibes to zuko
climbs the mainsail in a failed escape attempt and that was genuinely entirely
coincidental bc i wrote a few Big Scenes for this fic before i'd finished catching up with
salvage lmfao... don't look at me.

Chapter 6: i. The South Pole
Chapter Notes

hey nerds I have one thing to say and that is FIVE THOUSAND HITS. What. WHAT.
There should be a point made here but all my mind is saying is WHAT. That is??? So
many people?? As usual your comments are giving me life and you guys are funnier
than I'll ever be, I've accepted it at this point. Here we are with chapter 6!! okay I’m
lowkey very nervous about this one because it’s the first one where I'm completely
writing on my own without any back up from other AUs or Salvage, and I’ve convinced
myself that you guys are gonna hate it because of that kjhgjkh
Okay enjoy have a nice day and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The South Pole was a treacherous, barren landscape of ice and snow. Survival was achieved
only by those who knew the secrets of this place. As the Ullaakut cut through the frozen
waters, the Southern Water Tribe breathed in a collective sigh, familiar with how cold air
curls at the back of your throat, familiar with numb fingertips, familiar with the pink tint that
overcomes the white surroundings in the short twilight before the winter nights sweep
through. This place was treacherous and barren, but it was home.
“Can’t believe you kept quiet about this, Chief.” Tomkin said, the blue hood of his anorak
pulled around his face to hide his small smile. The crew had noticed the colder waters this
past week. Tomkin hypothesised they were heading north again, Nanook suggested some
freak winter they weren’t accustomed to. They knew that Hakoda and Tulok sometimes kept
their location a secret from the rest of the crew, and they trusted them enough to stick to
hypothesising for now. That was until last night. Hakoda called everyone to his cabin. His
tone was as cold as the waters around them as he told them that, two weeks ago, Prince Zuko
revealed that he had been south. Whether it was a raid or not, they would see for themselves.
They couldn’t take an ashmaker’s word. Not on something like this.
As the crew bristled and yelled in horror, Tomkin realised why Prince Zuko had been locked
in the infirmary all day instead of doing chores like normal.
“You know I only keep things from you all when I think it’s absolutely necessary.” Hakoda
said, stood at Tomkin’s side as they stared out at the South Pole from the bow. In the distance,
Tomkin saw the tiniest speck. A village. His village. Their village. They were home after two
long years.
“Don’t worry about it, Chief.” Tomkin knocked his shoulder against Hakoda’s, though this
was more challenging than it sounded seeing as Tomkin was a lot shorter than the chief. “I
forgive you.”

“Anchor!” Tulok shouted from the crow’s nest, and Tomkin watched as the crew dashed
around the deck, each doing their bit to dock the ship. The ice was too thick now to get any
closer. They would reach the village on foot from here.
“Don’t just stand there, Tomkin!” Chena called as he hauled the anchor. Tomkin flinched. No
one had called him Little Tom all day. It should have been a good thing, but even an idiot
could notice the sour mood of the Ullaakut. Everyone was mentally preparing themself to
have lost someone. The crew were tense, a pack of wolves readying to pounce, and Prince
Zuko was their target. Kanut kept him in the infirmary, but the prince wasn’t stupid. He could
feel the change in atmosphere. He didn’t eat the food Tomkin brought him, and Nanook
didn’t visit anymore.
Truth be told, Tomkin didn’t think the prince had led a raid. It was a gut feeling more than
anything. Tomkin had looked into the eyes of Fire Nation raiders, and he saw a cruelty that
this boy didn’t have.
It was easy for Tomkin to be more relaxed than the others. They all had something to lose,
but everyone Tomkin loved was on this ship.
Hakoda ruffled Tomkin’s hair. “Go make yourself useful, Little Tom.”
____
Zuko was pointedly keeping his breath as emberless as possible. He had known they were
returning south, and he remembered just how freezing it was in this sparse land, but still, the
sharp chill of the air made everything in him shudder. It was so cold that he was actually
grateful for the fluffy pelts he wore, sinking deeper into them and rubbing his hands together.
When he exhaled, his breath emerged as mist. Zuko had never seen that before he came to the
South Pole. He'd thought something was wrong with him at first. Every breath became...
smoky, and every now and then, a few sparks flew that he quickly tried to hide.
Uncle had taught him his breath of fire. A way of regulating body temperature. Firebending
power comes from the breath, Uncle would say, not the muscle. The thought of Uncle made
Zuko clutch his pai sho tile tighter.
“How does that work?” Kanut asked suddenly, and Zuko blinked to see the healer was staring
at him. His heart began to race.
“How does what work?”
Kanut crossed his big arms. “I’m not stupid, kid. This infirmary isn’t big enough for me to
miss somebody breathing fire.”
“I’m not a kid and I wasn’t firebending. It's just a trick to keep warm, and I was barely doing
it. You can’t prove anything-.”
“You’re not in trouble, tough guy.” Kanut shook his head, silencing Zuko’s panic. “I’m just
curious.”

Kanut seemed to be a very curious man, always reading and asking questions. Zuko
swallowed. He'd become gradually used to the company of the healer, listening to his bad
attitude and drinking his semi-scorched tea. Kanut hadn’t asked Zuko to turn away from the
door since that first night on the ship, he just wordlessly checked Zuko’s stitches wherever
Zuko made himself comfortable.
“You know I told you about chi?” Zuko grumbled reluctantly.
“The whole soul thing?" Kanut asked.
“It’s more than that.” Zuko hissed, already impatient. Kanut cracked a grin. He seemed to like
winding Zuko up. Zuko growled before taking a deep breath, continuing valiantly.
“Well, chi is settled with breathing exercises, which is why we meditate. If a firebender
concentrates, then they can turn their breathing into a form of fire to keep warm.” Zuko
finished, before demonstrating with a steady inhale, and an exhale that saw a few embers
jump from his lips.
Kanut stared, almost... impressed. “That’s actually pretty cool, ashmaker.” He said, and
Zuko’s scowl deepened. He hated that nickname.
“It’s not difficult.” He mumbled.
“Just don’t let the others catch you doing that.” Kanut winked, and it was almost like they
were sharing a joke. But inherently, the two of them were enemies. Zuko never understood
why Kanut accommodated him like this. It made him feel guilty, though he knew that was
wrong. Azula never felt guilty. Father never felt guilty.
Zuko sighed, smoothing down his shirt and retying his hair with his red ribbon. His hands
needed something to do, to calm his nerves. Staring at the smooth fabric of his ribbon, Zuko
felt his heart skip a beat. How could something as simple as a ribbon have such an impact?
But it was so red. Red as his father’s rage as he wore this in that fateful war meeting. Red as
the fire that burned his face off, his ribbon pulling back his hair so his father had a clear view
of his target. Red as Lee’s blood, Zuko wearing this ribbon as he watched the poor soldier
die. This was all Zuko had left of the Erlong, all he had left of his life in the Fire Nation.
This, and his pai sho tile. Just two meaningless objects that he clung to, because if he didn’t
hold onto something, he’d fall.
Suddenly, he felt the ship drag to a loud stop, footsteps on deck heavier than before. His heart
began to race, and despite the cold, sweat erupted on the nape of his neck. They were here.
“Listen to me, tough guy.” Kanut leaned forward urgently, tone serious and eyes heavy. Zuko
had never seen him like this before. “You’ve pissed a lot of people off. Now, I don’t think
you’re slick enough to have lied to Hakoda, which is the only reason why I'm sat with you
now. That being said, if it turns out that there’s something awful waiting for us in the village,
I won’t be able to stop the crew from getting to you. Just keep your head down and mouth
shut. No instigating. You got that?”

Zuko felt like everything inside him was being twisted, but there was also a tiny bit of
comfort. There was an entire crew here that hated him for something he hadn’t done, but at
least one person believed him. Kanut was staying by his side, though Zuko was yet to figure
out why. For however long that lasted, it was enough.
Zuko nodded grimly. “Okay.”
____
Kanna’s life had been eventful. She was born into the Northern Water Tribe, entered an
arranged marriage when she was just a girl, and subsequently left everything she knew
behind to secure her freedom, travelling across the entire globe during a world-wide war.
Alone. She'd suffered through the Southern Raids, losing her dear Kya, and watched her only
son leave, a chief going into battle. For two years, she raised Katara and Sokka as her own,
right up until that airbender accidentally led the Fire Nation to their village. Kanna had been
outraged, sending him away. That was when that moody, manhandling teenage firebender
arrived, and she found out the airbender boy had been the Avatar. Many in her village had
lost touch with the Spirits after all of their benders were taken away, but Kanna had always
clung to her beliefs. Perhaps having the last southern waterbender as a granddaughter helped
that. For the first time in a long time, she felt hope. Hope that maybe she just might live to
see change. Kanna knew she had to let her grandchildren carry out their destinies, and
allowed them to leave with the Avatar. Hakoda would be surly about it, protective as he was,
but she could handle his temper when he finally returned to her.
Kanna's life had been eventful, and she was quite happy to now live out the rest of her days
peacefully in her village, thank you very much. It would seem, however, that every time
Kanna tried to settle down, the world had other plans.
“They’re home! Gran-gran, look!” One of the little ones exclaimed, because that’s what all
the little ones called her – she'd delivered most of them, after all, dropping the basket he was
supposed to be weaving to leap to his feet. He pointed a tiny gloved hand towards the
horizon. Kanna's vision wasn’t what it used to be, but she could see her tribe’s reaction well
enough. The women gasped and surged forward, the children jumping to try and see. And if
Kanna squinted, she could see too. A pack of blue, huddled together, walking from a familiar
ship.
“Hakoda.” Kanna whispered, heart twisting equally in hope and trepidation. Her son had
finally returned home, after two long years, but that didn’t explain why he was home. Had
something gone wrong?
Kanna did a quick count in her head, expecting the worst. According to Hakoda's infrequent
letters, there were exactly fifteen Water Tribe warriors travelling on the Ulaakut, the rest
camped at Chameleon Bay.
She sighed in relief when her headcount saw fifteen men.
____

Hakoda’s mother was half his size, yet as he jogged the last few metres between them, he
swore her hug was tight enough to choke him.
“My son.” Kanna whispered in his ear, throat tight, her gentle fingers brushing through his
brown hair.
“Hey, mom.” Hakoda smiled, feeling suddenly like a boy all over again. He remembered
wreaking havoc around the village with Bato, Kanut chasing after them, desperately telling
them to come back to their lessons with Kanna before they got in trouble. They always did
get in trouble. Even as an adult, the sight of his mom with her hands on her hips outside their
igloo was terrifying to Hakoda.
“I’ve missed you so much.” Kanna pulled back, clasping Hakoda’s face in her hands to
survey him fully. Around him, Hakoda could hear his crew reuniting with their wives and
children and parents. He was so happy in that moment that he almost forgot why they were
home, but being the chief’s mother gave Kanna a cynicism the other villagers lacked.
“You’re back early.” She said, and in that, there was a question. Why are you back early?
Hakoda sighed, looking out to his village. It was a small thing. A dozen tents made of
whalebone and pelts, a few campfires, a large igloo on the far end of the village, walls of ice
encasing the plot in a circle. Nothing screamed destruction, but then again, some of the raids
left nearly no trace aside heartbreak.
“We heard rumour of the Fire Nation in the village. We had to know for sure if we... if we
lost anyone.” Hakoda said quietly, eyes still scanning. He tried not to panic as each second
dragged without any sign of his kids, he tried to tell himself that maybe the prince had been
honest about that much and Sokka and Katara were just travelling for some convoluted
reason. Kanna wouldn’t have let them go off unless she was absolutely certain they’d be
alright. Unless of course, they hadn’t left. Unless they hadn’t survived.
Kanna's mouth worked, both in anger and exhaustion, and she nodded once. “The Fire Nation
were here, about a month ago now. It wasn’t a raid and we didn’t lose anyone, but they were
here.”
We didn’t lose anyone. Hakoda hadn’t realised he’d been holding his breath until it all gushed
out of him in a choking cry of relief. Thank the Spirits. He could have collapsed in that
moment, but stayed standing strong. Whatever his mother had to say now, he could take it.
“Hakoda,” Kanna said, and a chill ran down Hakoda’s spine, “the Avatar is alive. Sokka and
Katara... they found him. They left with him. It's their destiny-."
“Wait... the Avatar?” Hakoda whispered. “You mean... the kid was telling the truth?”
Hakoda snapped his head around, suddenly oblivious to Kanna’s confused questions. Hakoda
saw Tulok with his sister, Tulok’s eyes widening joyfully as she carefully handed him his
baby niece. Tulok’s brother-in-law was one of the men at Chameleon Bay. Hakoda saw
Nanook’s father ruffling his hair, Nanook finally looking as young as he truly was as he

reunited with his parents. Hakoda pointedly did not see Chena and his wife sharing a very
passionate kiss.
Hakoda’s gaze finally landed on a group of three. They were stood somewhat awkwardly to
the side of the celebrations. Tomkin stared at his feet and a bolt of pity struck through
Hakoda at the sight, and Kanut was grinning from ear to ear as he watched his delighted
crew. And of course, at Kanut’s side, stood a little behind him with an expression of stone
that wasn’t doing anything to hide his apprehension, was the Fire Prince.
The Fire Prince who hadn’t lied. The Fire Prince who had done nothing wrong but be born
Fire Nation. The Fire Prince who Hakoda had hated over something the kid didn’t do. The
Fire Prince who Hakoda had regretted saving back on the deck that night.
Hakoda shouldn’t have felt as guilty as he did.
____
Zuko watched the Water Tribe with an equal measure of two things.
The first was blatant curiosity. He'd watched the crewmen interact for weeks, and suddenly,
these tough warriors were laughing and crying and holding their family close in a moment
that was genuinely sweet to Zuko.
The second was terror. His life had been in jeopardy back when he only had a dozen or so
warriors to deal with. Now, the numbers against him had almost doubled. Most of the people
here were too young or old to fight, but Zuko counted at least thirteen women who were the
right age to be warriors. Perhaps they stayed to defend their home? But that didn’t explain
why nobody except the chief’s bloody-minded son had tried to stop Zuko when he came here
last-.
Zuko’s thoughts froze. He’d let his concentration slip for a few stupid seconds, and suddenly,
he caught the chief’s hard stare. Chief Hakoda was stood with a small, elderly woman who
wore her white hair the same way the waterbender girl – Katara – did. Zuko swore he
recognised this woman somewhat, but it was unclear. What was made very clear when her
blue eyes widened hatefully on Zuko was that she certainly recognised him.
Hakoda ducked down to say something to the woman. Somehow, her eyes widened more, and
before Zuko could react, the two were walking towards him through the crowd.
“Easy, Your Highness, it’s just Kanna.” Tomkin said teasingly, his smile smaller than usual.
Zuko had waited for the tribesman to run off like the others to find his family when they
reached the village, but Tomkin, like Kanut, had stayed with Zuko on the outskirts.
“Kanna!” Kanut greeted when the woman got closer, walking to meet her. Kanna's eyes
turned soft, affectionate, at the sight of Kanut, and she smiled warmly, grasping his arms
firmly.
“How is it that you boys keep growing so much?” She demanded in an old voice, patting
Kanut’s cheek. It was an oddly motherly sight, and Zuko had never seen Kanut look so...

unguarded. Zuko remembered his own mother. You're almost as tall as me! He’d believe it
even though he was quite obviously only as tall as her elbows.
Zuko wanted to watch Kanut and the old woman more closely, but he kept his gaze on the
snowy ground to avoid the chief’s stare. He abruptly paused the small breath of fire he’d been
keeping up, not wanting to risk even the smallest spark in front of the chief, and the cold
rushed in immediately, making his bones shiver.
“Mom,” the chief turned to Kanna, his tone far too light for the weight of his stare, “this is
Prince Zuko.”
“We’ve met.” Kanna growled, and Zuko winced. He remembered her now. Of all the
villagers, why did he have to attack the chief’s mother. Idiot.
“Um...” Zuko rubbed the back of his neck. “Sorry about... grabbing you.”
There wasn’t really much more Zuko could say, and the cold glare of the old woman made
him freeze up. That was until a loud snort startled him, and he turned to see Kanut tipping his
head back in laughter.
“Wow, Kanna, you’ve really lost your touch if you let this imbecile get you.” Kanut
chuckled, shoving Zuko’s head when he glared murderously at him. Kanna looked at them all
in shock, as if expecting somebody to be surprised by this behaviour, but Tomkin was
grinning and even the chief just shook his head with a wry smile.
Kanna turned her attention fully back to the chief, and if Zuko wasn’t so terrified he’d find it
comical when the chief turned nervous.
“You,” Kanna said sternly, “have a lot of explaining to do."
____
Kanut was probably the only one of the crew aside Prince Zuko who wasn’t overjoyed to be
back in the South Pole.
It wasn’t anything to do with the villagers. Kanut had always loved his home, the fresh bite of
the cold air, the community around him.
But the village was so small, and everyone knew everyone else’s business, and it always
seemed to be Kanut’s business that was whispered about. Him, and his useless, washed-up
father. Kanut's village went to the coast of the South Pole monthly to collect supplies
delivered by one of the nearby islands. Part of their supplies involved rum, and it would seem
Kanut’s father drank for the entire village.
Kanut survived his childhood by telling himself it was the rum that powered the hate behind
his father’s fist. His teenage years saw him realising that perhaps his father wasn’t a very
nice person. Adulthood, and he got his own tent, but the smallness of his village meant that
he couldn't get away from seeing his father every day. Still, it was enough distance for Kanut
to start hating his father, and once that started, he couldn’t get it to stop. His hatred festered

into something poisonous, and he had no incentive to stop it. When Hakoda told Kanut the
warriors were leaving, undoubtedly for years on end, Kanut couldn’t have got on the Ullaakut
quick enough. The day they left, Kanut went to his father, saw him lying there, sprawled on
the furs with a goblet in his hand, not even looking over to Kanut. Kanut, his only son.
Kanut, all he had left after his waterbender wife was taken and his youngest daughter was lost
to hypothermia eleven winters earlier.
And what did he manage to slur out?
Maybe now, son, you’ll finally make yourself fucking useful.
Kanut had shaken his head, spat in the snow, and left.
Two years had subdued Kanut’s hate somewhat. A good view of the war makes domestic
affairs seem pretty irrelevant, and Kanut’s father just didn’t deserve the energy it took for
Kanut to hate him. He was a pathetic old man who took a child and broke him. Kanna raised
Kanut better than his father ever did. Hakoda and Bato raised him better than his stupid
father ever did. He didn’t deserve a place in Kanut’s heart, so now, he lived in his nightmares.
Kanut was a grown fucking man and he still woke up to his father’s yells.
Kanna's tent was cosy and spacious, the walls and icy floor lined with skins and furs to keep
the heat in, the walls decorated with ceremonial skulls, the corners filled with pots and
weapons and various other tools, and of course, a small pile of books. Kanna had been the
one to get Kanut into reading. Back then, it wasn’t for pleasure, but instead to calm him.
In the centre of the tent and glowing lazily was a small fire. That's what Kanna sat beside as
she led Kanut, Hakoda and Prince Zuko inside.
Prince Zuko paused at the entrance, watching Hakoda sit beside his mother, the chief looking
pointedly from the prince to the floor. A clear indication. Sit.
"Remember what I said about keeping your head down.” Kanut warned quietly so only the
prince could hear. The teenager whirled on him, gold eyes wide.
“You’re not staying?” He sounded scared, and quickly cleared his throat, rolling back his
shoulders. The kid’s pride would get him killed. Kanut had told him time and time again to
stop working his shoulders like that while his stitches were healing.
“Nah,” Kanut sighed, knowing he couldn’t put this off forever, “I’m going to find my father.”
Kanut hadn’t been surprised that his father was yet to show up, and his reluctance to leave the
Fire Prince alone with the entirety of the tribe had been his excuse for why he hadn’t sought
his dad out yet, but now, the kid was with Hakoda, and Kanut was out of time.
The Prince of the Fire Nation scowled, before nodding. Kanut watched the kid’s quick
predicament as he battled between putting the tent’s entrance on his left side or putting the
chief on his left side, before he cautiously sat by the fire, as far from Hakoda as he could get
without angering the man. He had decided that the unknown was safer than Hakoda; the chief

was on his right. The sight made Kanut’s heart twist, before he ducked out of the tent and was
hit once again with the frozen southern air.
“Kanut!”
He almost jumped at Kanna’s call, turning to see the elder had followed him.
“Everything alright?” Kanut asked with an easy-going smile, but Kanna’s expression was
twisted into an expression of concern.
Something was wrong.
____
The first time Hakoda brought Kanut home, Hakoda had been ten years old. Little Kanut, the
youngest of the pair, had glared from the corner of Kanna’s hut with surly blue eyes. Kanna
knew all of the members of her tribe. She knew this boy didn’t play with the other children,
and sometimes she’d find him wandering the village at night, reluctant to go home. When
Hakoda brought him to Kanna, he had been deeply upset, quickly explaining to his mother
how him and Bato – already a recipe for disaster - had been trying to lasso an arctic hippo
when they heard shouting coming from Kanut’s igloo. It was an unspoken rule in the village
to always pretend not to hear the shouting. Kanna believed in the old ways, of everyone’s
business being their own and no one else’s. That passiveness had haunted her when Hakoda
continued to tell his story. Her son was not the coward she was, and had run into the igloo
with Bato to find Kanut, just eight years old, cowering on the floor. They got there in time to
see Kanut’s father, a grumpy man named Yutu, throwing things at his son, who only clutched
his head and legs as close to his torso as possible and waited it out with all of the patience of
practice.
Hakoda brought him to Kanna, because Kanut was bleeding. His hands were all scratched up.
He didn’t talk to her as she gently cleaned his injuries, but eventually admitted his father had
thrown a glass bottle at his face, and it was all he could do to catch it in his hands.
It became a chillingly common occurrence after that. It was always worse at the beginning of
the month, when fresh supplies would come in. Kanna would go to sleep, the village would
be peaceful, and then, the drunken cursing of Yutu would fill the night, and not long later,
Kanut would sheepishly arrive in Kanna’s tent with a new bruise or cut. Hakoda would
already have a sleeping bag out for him.
Kanna vowed to protect Kanut, and would always keep him in her tent for as long as she
could, schooling him and letting him go off to play with Hakoda and Bato. Healing was a
female practice, but Kanut always looked so mesmerised as he watched Kanna work, and he
was in her tent so often that it was ridiculous for her not to start teaching him. First the
basics, and gradually the more advanced medicine. When Hakoda asked him to be the healer
of the Ullaakut, Kanna had never been more proud of Kanut.
Kanut’s trust was a thing earnt painfully slowly. Kanna always wished she could do more for
this little boy who she’d come to love like a second son, but the ways of her tribe were as set

as they had been up north. At the end of the day, Yutu was Kanut’s father, and he was a man.
He had more right to the boy than Kanna did, and her word was nothing against his.
“Everything alright?” Kanut asked as they stood outside Kanna’s tent. Kanut was a strapping
lad now, his staple white hair falling to the base of his back and his blue eyes sharp. but
Kanna noticed a key difference. After two years, the sharpness of Kanut’s gaze had lost its
anger. There was just a cleverness there now.
“Kanut, it’s about your father.” Kanna said quietly. She didn’t know how Kanut would feel
about what she had to say. He had always been so secretive about how he felt. Not like
Hakoda, whose temper led to hundreds of tellings-off from Kanna.
At the mention of Yutu, Kanut worked his jaw, absentmindedly touching the scars lining his
hands. “What did he do?” Kanut growled, and Kanna shook her head.
“My boy...” Kanna whispered, reaching out only for Kanut to take a step back. “He died. A
few months after you left.”
Kanut stared like he didn't hear her. He didn’t blink. He didn’t breathe. He just... stared.
There wasn’t grief in his eyes, or even shock. Seconds dragged to minutes, but Kanna didn’t
rush Kanut. She would stand here for hours if that was what he needed.
Finally, Kanut nodded his head grimly. “I guess decades of heavy drinking have to lead to
death sooner or later." He said, voice completely monotonous. Then, he shrugged his big
shoulders and simply turned and walked away. He didn’t seem upset. He didn’t seem
anything. Kanna debated going after him, but knew Kanut well enough to leave him to his
thoughts.
Besides, the Fire Lord’s son was currently in her tent.
Hakoda had told Kanna that Bato was alright but he wasn’t with them, and that gave Kanna
the slightest ease. Hakoda, Bato and Kanut were her three boys. They always had been.
With a sad sigh, Kanna sent a prayer to the Spirits, before returning to her tent.
It seemed most of her prayers revolved around her boys.
____
When the village elder followed Kanut out of the tent, Zuko was left alone with the chief.
Zuko held himself rigidly still, staring at the glowing fire and trying to breathe easily enough
that the flames didn’t rise and fall with his inhales and exhales. It wasn’t really firebending,
but the chief wouldn't like it.
That being said, Zuko hadn’t been so close to such a large open flame in weeks. It made him
feel strong, stronger than he’d ever been on the Water Tribe ship. Even with the chief’s
presence making his blood run cold, this was the first time Zuko didn’t ache. He couldn’t feel
his stitches, his throat didn’t sting when he swallowed, the dozens of bruises decorating his
pale skin didn’t press with the thrumming of his heart. It made him want to sit even closer to

the warm fire, but he didn’t want the chief suspecting anything. He might take him away
from the flame altogether.
“You were telling the truth." The chief said suddenly, and Zuko startled. The fire released a
loud crackle, but the chief didn’t seem disturbed by it.
“Yes, sir." Zuko responded, because he didn’t know what else to say. Of course he was telling
the truth. The Southern Water Tribe were of no importance to him the moment they stopped
harbouring the Avatar. He'd tried to say so much over and over again, but the crewmen
wouldn’t hear it, and the chief had hardly looked at him since he saved him from drowning
that night. Zuko still didn’t know why he did that. He understood that he was just a
bargaining chip between the Water Tribe and Earth Kingdom, but still, the hatred that chief
Hakoda radiated was personal. Surely it would have been easier just to let Zuko die. Agni
knew that’s what everyone else thought. Zuko had only ever been good at surviving. Putting
one foot in front of the other in a grim show of stubborn determination, gritting his teeth and
bearing it. Survival was all he had ever been taught.
“But...” The chief started, frowning like he was grappling with something. Zuko never
understood why the chief did this. Whenever the man was struggling with something, he
never even tried to hide it. It humanised him, which was terrible for a leader. Father was an
icon of stone, standing over the Fire Nation, looking on from statues and posters. Everybody
knew him and, in that, nobody knew him. The Fire Lord was a title, not a man. And that
made him powerful.
“Why... didn’t you?" The chief finally asked, speaking quietly, the fire the only thing keeping
his frozen gaze from Zuko’s crawling skin.
“Why didn’t I what?" Zuko asked, breathing deep to quiet his racing heart.
The chief’s voice was as cold as the glaciers around them. “Why didn’t you hurt anybody?”
Zuko stared at the chief. The chief stared right back. For once, Zuko forgot that staring was
rude and that he should look at the floor. He just couldn’t understand, and he hoped maybe he
could find something, anything, in the chief’s expression to aid him slightly, but it was just as
unintelligible as always. And Zuko had been told his entire life that ‘princes do not swear’,
but still, the only thought his mind could conjure was;
What the fuck kind of question was that?
“I keep telling you,” Zuko started, startling himself with the forcefulness of his own tone, but
he couldn’t stop himself, “I never hurt anyone. I never wanted to hurt anyone. Why would I
go out of my way to cause pain and suffering when there is absolutely no need for it?”
Zuko was angry, he realised that now. He realised it as the fire rose an inch with his clenched
fists. He was angry because he had been with the Southern Water Tribe warriors for over two
weeks now, and he had done nothing but tell the truth and do their chores and keep his head
down, despite knowing that he’d be sent off to the Earth Kingdom with nothing but a
savage’s promise that he would be treated fairly, and still, he was looked at like a monster,
like he was the bad guy. It wasn’t fair. He'd done nothing wrong.

“And what about when we met?” The chief asked with a raised eyebrow. “You moved first. I
was perfectly willing to sail onwards. No one had to die that day."
Lee’s wide eyes, the sound of a dozen tiles clattering to the metal floor, blood sliding over the
deck. No one had to die that day. Like it was Zuko’s fault, like Zuko hadn’t watched on,
helpless, as the Water Tribe attacked.
The fire crawled another inch higher as Zuko seethed.
“You’re wrong. I never gave any order to attack. That was you. My crew weren’t even
armed.”
The chief sucked in a breath of surprise and Zuko was struck with a sudden terror that he’d
overstepped his boundaries. Had he spoken out of turn? He should have just shut up. What
did it matter what he said now, anyway?
But instead of striking out, the chief narrowed his eyes.
“What are you talking about?”

Chapter End Notes

Ohhohooo this chapter is an interesting one. i know you’re here for Zuko angst but this
one mainly revolves around Kanut, but given the reception you guys gave him I think
you won’t mind?? I hope?? Yeah you might hate me because of his backstory though
I’M SORRY but in my head he always had a special relationship with Zuko because
they both understood each other on a cellular level because of their upbringing. Hakoda
FINALLY starts realising shit and Zuko FINALLY gets the nerve to stand up for himself
a little and it absolutely is worth it. Also Kanna is here I adore her; mum of the year.
also also do you KNOW how much it pains my english ass to type mOm. Revolting. I
hate it. Beat it with a stick.

Chapter 7: i. The Smell Of Smoke Clings
Chapter Notes

SEVEN THOUSAND HITS?!?!? I feel like u guys are like this one big group of mates
that chat to me and give me compliments that I absolutely do not deserve and it makes
me happy i am kissing ur nose tenderly. here is chapter 7. 'but hella, it isn’t monday' I
hear you cry. i know shut up. it’s not ENTIRELY my fault; you guys are a terrible
influence. I really did try. alas, I lasted two days. pathetic. we’re catching up to where
I'm at with writing it so when my bank of chapters runs out you guys are gonna WISH
you hadn’t bullied me into updating so often (do you see me subtly placing the blame on
you? emotional manipulation at its finest). basically a chapter with very little plot but a
LOT of character focus <3
FOTD: I just realised if you combine tomkin and nanook you get tom nook and I can't
fucking get over this i'm sobbign my little animal crossing icon
okay I'm done chatting shit have a nice day nerds don’t do anything I wouldn’t do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Violence was to the Fire Nation what tragedy is to monsters. A caustic necessity, a genesis, a
ravenous need unable to be quenched. Violence was what created them, and in turn, violence
was all they knew. It was insatiable.
In their minds, the option to be peaceful didn’t exist.
So where had this teenager come from? Hakoda was looking at Prince Zuko and in him, he
saw a hundred decisions to walk away from a fight, a hundred decisions that would have
ended differently with any other Fire Nation citizen.
Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation was a breathing, biting, burning insignia. Prince Zuko of the
Fire Nation was the Fire Lord’s heir and the inferno’s creation. Prince Zuko of the Fire
Nation was the heart-blood of the flame. Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation was... a child. A
child who did not want violence. A child who, again and again and again, had actively
avoided violence.
And Hakoda did not have any idea what to do with that.
“What are you talking about?” Hakoda breathed, remembering the Prince’s metal ship,
remembering the crew glaring at Hakoda’s men. He also remembered something else,
something that had slipped from his mind in the following chaos. Those men weren’t
wielding weapons. The catapult wasn’t lit. I never gave any order to attack.
“You kept staring...” The Prince hissed, his anger sounding like it was only just being
realised in his mind. “You kept staring and I’d already given the order to sail past you, but it

was weird. I went to go inside, and then you attacked.”
Hakoda felt like he was trying to walk on water. He had desperately grappled for reasons to
hate this boy. First, he hated Prince Zuko because he was the Prince of the nation that had
crushed the world in their bloody fists, and he hated Prince Zuko because he attacked the
Ullaakut, and he hated Prince Zuko because he kept escaping, and he hated Prince Zuko
because he had led a raid in the South Pole, and he hated Prince Zuko because he had hurt
Sokka and Katara.
Now, Hakoda knew Sokka and Katara had left of their own volition, like the boy had said, to
help the Avatar, like the boy had said. Now, Hakoda knew there was never a raid in the South
Pole and everybody was alright, like the boy had said. Now, Hakoda knew anger and raised
voices and sudden movements panicked the boy, and from that perspective, of course he kept
escaping. Now, Hakoda knew the Fire Nation soldiers on the ship that day had never intended
to attack the Ullaakut, that it was all down to miscommunication, that the boy had even tried
to literally walk away from the fight, and Hakoda hadn’t let him.
Now, all Hakoda’s hatred had left to desperately grasp was the fact that this boy was still the
Prince of the nation that had crushed the world in their bloody fists. Hakoda hated Prince
Zuko because of something the boy had no control over. Effectively, Hakoda hated Prince
Zuko simply because he was born.
The Fire Prince had been cooperative, considering the circumstances, and he was a child
being forced to make adult decisions because his father was cruel enough to banish him at
only thirteen-years-old. And Hakoda was a grown man refusing to give the Prince a chance.
How had the tables turned so substantially that the Fire Prince now seemed more honourable
than Hakoda?
Hakoda cursed, not caring when the boy flinched as he let his head fall into his hands. Maybe
it was the comfort of being home, the child inside of him relishing in his mother’s proximity,
but Hakoda simply felt no need to hold up this tough façade before Prince Zuko anymore.
Hakoda was a Chief, but it wasn’t all he was, and he decided it wouldn’t be the end of the
world for the Prince to see his other side. The side that was a father, and a son, and a
Tribesman.
“All that bloodshed...” Hakoda muttered, seeing Chena and Nanook’s burns, Prince Zuko’s
small, bloody body lying helplessly in the infirmary, even the Fire Nation soldiers who never
left the deck of that ship. “All that bloodshed for nothing.”
And Hakoda hadn’t even lost any men. He couldn’t imagine the guilt that would drown him
right now if he had.
Hakoda was a leader. Leaders made decisions. This was the responsibility that crushed him
when those decisions turned out to be wrong.
“If that’s honestly how you see it, then why did you attack?” Prince Zuko snarled, and there
was pain in his eyes, like the weight of a tsunami that hadn’t hit land yet.

Hakoda sighed. “When you moved, I thought you were giving your men an order. I wasn’t
going to wait for you to start attacking us first. One blast of fire and the Ullaakut would have
sank. In my head, we were racing each other. Which leader would strike first? In my head, it
was me. I never thought... never even considered that you...”
“Chief?” The Prince’s sudden voice came out as a strangled gasp and Hakoda froze. The
tsunami was close now. The boy’s pale face was a natural disaster ready to decimate.
Something was happening here that Hakoda was missing.
“If I hadn’t moved,” Prince Zuko whispered, “would you still have attacked?”
“I thought about it.” Hakoda said slowly. “But it would have been too much of a risk. We
were going to keep sailing.”
The Prince choked and the tsunami hit, the fire before Hakoda parting and toiling unnaturally.
It was as if an invisible force had grasped the Fire Prince by the throat and was suffocating
him. He was trying to sit tall, but the agony across his face was blatant.
In a small voice, the Prince managed a quiet whisper.
“I killed Lee.”
____
It hadn’t been Zuko’s blade that snipped Lee’s life short, it hadn’t been his feet that guided
Lee to that exact position on the deck, it hadn’t been Zuko’s order to attack. But still, it was
undoubtable in his mind. Lee, the young soldier with the lilting voice and embarrassing lack
of experience, was dead because of Zuko.
“Who’s Lee?” The Chief asked, eyes narrowed cautiously on Zuko. It seemed this
conversation had opened up something in the Chief. Everything he felt flashed across his face
with the vibrance of fire, unmasked and shameless. Zuko could actually read him. But it was
all for nothing, because all Zuko saw was the sodden pai sho table and the small, crumpled
body beside it.
It was his fault. He was in command of the Erlong, he was the one Chief Hakoda had been
watching, he was the one who forced the Chief’s hand to attack. And he hadn’t even let his
men arm themselves. He led them blindfolded to the dragon’s lair and had the nerve to be
surprised when they were devoured. He felt so stupid, so... childish. For other teenagers,
being childish was a given. For Zuko, it cost men their lives.
“Hey, Hakoda.” Tomkin’s bright voice chirped and Zuko flinched violently, gold eyes
flicking to the boy now stood in the tent’s entrance. Zuko begrudgingly liked Tomkin – not
that Tomkin had given him much say in the matter – but a sudden spitefulness overwhelmed
him in that moment. Tomkin had told Zuko he was eighteen. Two years older than Zuko. Yet
Tomkin was allowed to be stupid and make jokes and have fun without any fatal backlash.
What had he ever suffered in his life? Why was he allowed that?

“You okay, Little Tom?” The Chief asked with the affection he always donned when Tomkin
was around, an affection Zuko didn’t understand and couldn’t help but be wary of. Not that
he was protective of Tomkin or anything, not that he cared if Tomkin got hurt, but in Zuko’s
experience, affection from men like Chief Hakoda usually meant exploitation was on its way.
Uncle was the only exception.
“Kanut’s getting shitty.” Tomkin sighed like he was very hard done by. “Says he’s waiting for
Zuko so he can take his stitches out. I said I'd be the royal escort, but only for today, you
hear?” Tomkin grinned at Zuko, hesitating a beat at Zuko’s malice but recovering valiantly. “I
expect minimum wage and a better attitude than whatever you’ve got on right now.”
Zuko couldn’t remember when he stopped being Prince Zuko to Tomkin. He’d quickly
realised Tomkin’s thoughts moved at such a pace that the title wasn’t lost out of disrespect,
but simply because it took up valuable time that was better spent talking about his plan to
steal the Ullaakut’s rum supply. If Zuko pointed it out, he knew Tomkin would correct the
title, just like how he and Nanook hadn’t called him Your Majesty since Zuko told them it
was wrong. Zuko didn’t know why they were so eager to make him comfortable, but... it
wasn’t the worst thing in the world.
"Off you go then.” The Chief sighed, looking to Zuko, but there was something in his blue
eyes. He was watching Zuko a little too closely. Zuko cursed himself for reacting so
obviously before. He showed weakness in front of the Chief, his captor.
Just as Zuko went to leave, the Chief’s mother returned to the tent. Her blue eyes landed on
Zuko, her wrinkled face becoming a scowl. He'd never been looked at with such malice
before, not even by the warriors. It made the hair on his arms rise; a primal response to threat.
“Prince Zuko,” Chief Hakoda said suddenly just as Zuko tried to hurriedly flee, making him
flinch, “things will be different here than on the Ullaakut. We are staying for three more days,
and in that time, you will still work like everyone else. However, I'm going to loosen up the
guards-.”
“Hakoda!” The Chief’s mother, Kanna, cried in disbelief. Hakoda just held up a subduing
hand.
“It’s alright, mom. Prince Zuko understands." The Chief said, and Zuko couldn’t distinguish
the threat in his words. “Someone will always be watching you, of course, but that’s the way
of village life. I am trusting you not to abuse this new freedom.”
Zuko’s mind had been a blur of Lee. Lee when he was alive, laughing with the crew, shifting
to Lee the moment the boomerang cut his skin, the gargling noise he made as he choked on
his own blood. But at the Chief’s words, Zuko couldn’t fathom a single thought.
I am trusting you.
He could only swallow the urge to be sick and nod, before following Tomkin outside.
____

So, Tomkin might have lied to the Chief a little.
Kanut hadn’t told him to get Zuko. In fact, he was barely speaking to him for some reason.
Kanut had dumped his bags in the healer's tent and was now viciously reading a book like he
was trying to tear it apart with his eyes. After a minute of this, he’d looked over at Tomkin,
who stood a little abashed in the tent because he really didn’t want to watch Nanook fawning
over his parents. It was a horrible thing to think. Of course Tomkin was happy that his best
friend was reunited with his family, but it left the hole in his heart, the hole he had learnt to
breathe around over time, aching with a sudden ferocity. Kanut's hard gaze had softened a
little, and he’d told Tomkin he needed to take the Prince’s stitches out, so if he saw him could
he send him his way. Tomkin had nodded eagerly and jogged back outside to see if the Chief
was done talking to Zuko.
Tomkin had grinned a little to himself. He'd known the Prince wouldn’t lead a raid. He'd
known he wasn’t bad. He'd called it. But then Tomkin’s grin had fallen, because Nanook was
still outside with his parents, and his mother’s thumb was stroking his cheek in the most
lovingly light touch, and Tomkin could almost feel the warmth left behind from his own
mother’s touch. Almost, but not quite. Because his mother was gone. His father was gone.
Tomkin was all alone and he just couldn’t watch anymore.
So, he’d lied to the Chief, because in two weeks, he had learnt there was nothing more
distracting than the moody– and even better, totally oblivious – hilarity of the Fire Prince.
“You reckon it’ll leave a cool scar?” Tomkin asked as the two boys trudged through the snow,
picturing the deep cut on Zuko’s back, almost like a bolt of lightning. Because the Prince
wasn’t badass enough.
“How can a scar be cool?” Zuko asked, tone poisonous. He looked like he was going to be
sick. Tomkin paused a few metres from Kanut’s tent, eyes widening on the other boy. Zuko
was only two years younger than him, but Tomkin was short by his village’s standards, and
Zuko was apparently tall by Fire Nation’s standards, so they were practically the same height.
There was something about the Prince’s atmosphere, though, that demanded attention. That
was the royal in him, Tomkin supposed.
“Well, they’re badass is all I'm saying.” Tomkin said, trying to joke around the sudden
tension. Zuko was annoyed about something. Maybe he needed distracting too?
“Look!” Tomkin tried, pulling back his sleeve to reveal a raised brown bump scarring from
his elbow to halfway down his forearm. “Got this falling on the ice on my first hunt. Pretty
cool, right?"
Zuko's harsh gold eyes answered for him in that no, he did not think that was pretty cool.
“Badass.” The Prince echoed, letting out a dry chuckle. “What would you know about scars,
when all you have to show is that?” He glared at Tomkin’s scar and Tomkin self-consciously
pulled his sleeve back down. The Prince was annoyed, like Tomkin had suspected, but now
Tomkin suspected something else. The Prince was annoyed with him.

“You’ve never suffered anything, have you Tomkin?” Zuko suddenly asked, his tone colder
than the ice they stood on. “You think I'm going to look at the scar on my back, at the
permanent reminder I have of that day on the Erlong, at my own mutilated skin at the hands
of one of your warriors, and you think I'm going to see it as badass? You’re so fucking
naïve.”
Tomkin drew in a breath. He'd never heard the Prince swear before. There was something
biting about such a word being uttered in such an enunciated vernacular. Zuko was trying to
hurt his feelings, but Tomkin kept himself calm enough to see past that. He was lashing out.
Hurt people instinctively hurt others. It was an isolation tactic. And when it came to isolation
tactics, Tomkin had noticed Prince Zuko was an expert.
“This,” Tomkin spoke quietly, turning his chin to show the scar on his neck that was barely
longer than his pinkie finger, “is from one of the ropes snapping up on the ship. And this,”
Tomkin rolled up his anorak to show the uneven bump of skin on his abdomen, “is from
penguin sledding when I was five. And this,” his heart skipped a beat as he lifted up his
trouser leg a little, revealing a scar different from the others, “is the burn I received in the
Fire Nation raid that killed both of my parents.”
The blood fell from Zuko’s face in horrified realisation. Tomkin kept talking.
“We are human beings, Zuko. That means we have scars. When my parents died, every day I
had to look at that burn and remember what I'd lost. It took time before I saw it differently.
Now, whenever I doubt myself, I have a physical reminder of how hard I fought. It wasn’t
enough, but it was all I had. It never should have happened, but it’s there now. It's the same
for you.” Tomkin looked Zuko head on. “If you don’t think a reminder of how hard you
defended what you care about is cool, then that’s fine, but I see nothing wrong with admitting
that it’s pretty fucking badass.”
____
Tomkin was talking about the cut on Zuko’s back, but all Zuko remembered was his own
burning skin. A reminder of how hard you defended what you care about. Zuko cared about
his people. He cared about them differently to how Father cared. Father cared about the
territories, the armies. Zuko... Zuko cared about Lee. That day in the war room, he had
spoken out in defence of the soldiers like Lee. In return, he was branded. He had never
considered that maybe there was something wrong about that until now.
Maybe what he’d done that day hadn’t been stupid, or dishonourable, or reckless, or
disrespectful, or all of the other things he’d heard in three years. Maybe... just maybe... what
he’d done was pretty fucking badass.
“I’m sorry about your parents.” Zuko said with the softness of honesty. Tomkin flinched like
the words hurt.
Tomkin shrugged but his eyes had grown a little watery. “You’re forgiven, Your Highness. It
was hardly your doing.”

No, it wasn’t Zuko’s doing. It was his father’s, and his grandfather’s, and his greatgrandfather's. Zuko's lineage that he had always thought was so great had stripped Tomkin, a
smiling, kind child, of his family, and for what?
Fire Lord Sozin started the war in order to conquer the world, Southern Water Tribe included.
Fire Lord Azulon decided, because of their nomadic ways and lack of resources, that instead
of wasting military personnel on the south, he would just take all of their waterbenders from
them in hopes of breaking their spirit and substantially decreasing their population. Over fifty
years, raids were carried out, and all of the southern waterbenders were captured or killed.
That was until Zuko met Katara and realised one had slipped the net in a showing of pure –
and apparently genetic - stubbornness. When he realised that, he’d been angry. His tutors had
told him growing up that the south’s waterbenders were savages, uncooperative to the point
of ridiculousness. The Fire Nation had tried to take them peacefully, and they had fought
every step of the way, leading to violence.
Now, Zuko had to consider how you propose to somebody that they are going to be
imprisoned peacefully. Zuko had hardly been cooperative on the Water Tribe ship, the
Ullaakut, and he wasn’t a savage like he’d been told the Water Tribe warriors were.
Was the Fire Nation truly at fault here?
He shook his head. These were dangerous, blasphemous thoughts. What would Father do if
he knew Zuko was thinking like this?
“I didn’t think...” Zuko started carefully, embarrassed by his genuine reluctance to hurt
Tomkin’s feelings. “I just thought that no one was... in the raids, I mean... I thought-.”
“You thought nobody was killed?” Tomkin finished patiently, and Zuko nodded.
“You thought wrong. I guess it’s not your fault.” Tomkin sighed. “But if there’s one thing I've
realised since sailing from home, it’s that the extent the Fire Nation goes to cover their tracks
borders on impressive. You know what propaganda is, right?”
Zuko huffed. “Of course I know what propaganda is.”
Tomkin just chuckled. “Well, the Fire Nation’s full of it by the sound of things. I'm sure they
told you the raids weren’t a one-sided effort, that the Water Tribe did horrible things to your
poor soldiers. That's not the truth though. The Fire Nation showed up here again and again
and again, each time taking more of our benders. We fought back, but it was self-defence,
and we never stood a chance anyway.” Tomkin worked his jaw, breathing through his anger.
“The raid that took my parents was one of the later ones. We knew what happened in Fire
Nation prisons, Zuko. We knew that waterbenders were kept in chains, that water was
protected just as much as weapons. We knew that to be captured was a death sentence, a
lifetime to decay in a cell. My parents knew that. They were always so brave...”
Zuko watched Tomkin, not wanting to interrupt. The boy’s pain was palpable, was working
over Zuko’s own bruises and pushing on them.

“They were both waterbenders, but the gene skipped me somehow. Pot luck.” Tomkin tried
for a smile but it was like a shattered mirror; sharp in the wrong places, distorted. “When the
raid came, they realised they couldn’t hold the soldiers off. They realised before everyone
else. I still remember my mom telling me...” he struggled, “telling me to go to the Chief’s
tent. Kya was there, Hakoda’s wife. We lost her a few raids later. She was always nice to me;
her and my mom were friends. My mom told me to stay with Kya until everything was over.
While she was talking, a soldier came at us. He threw fire at my mom and I burnt my leg
pushing her out the way. I guess after that, I felt I'd done my bit. I mean, I was eleven."
Tomkin sniffed, rubbing his face with his sleeve and taking a deep breath. Despite his words,
Zuko knew that fear haunted him. Eleven or not, Tomkin felt he should have stayed with his
mother.
Zuko remembered waking up in the night, deciding that instead of following his clearly
troubled mother, he would go back to sleep. He was eleven then, too. Eleven and stupid and it
cost him everything.
“When the raid was over, Kya brought me outside and I couldn’t find my parents. I ran to my
tent and... and there they were.” Tomkin’s voice was shaking, but he didn't cry. Zuko
suspected he’d cried all his tears years ago.
“Zuko, the Fire Nation didn’t just capture people in those raids. Look at what happened to
Kya. They murdered her. I need you to understand that. I need you to understand that, but
that’s not what happened to my parents.”
Zuko stared in surprise, watching the boy before him. The ice of the South Pole felt like it
was stabbing his heart. Sokka and Katara, the Chief’s kids, had lost their mother. The Chief
had lost his wife. Zuko cursed himself for pitying them. It doesn’t do well to pity one’s
enemy.
“Then what happened to them?” Zuko whispered.
“They made a choice, the bravest choice they could have made.” Tomkin’s words were soft
enough to be caught and stolen by the breeze. “They refused to be captured, refused to be
caged and taken away from the water, refused to be separated, refused to leave me. My
parents sat in our home. In one hand they held each other, and in the other, they took a dagger
to their heart. That's how I found them.”
Zuko choked out a breath, his heart that had previously raced now skipping a beat. Horror
crept through him, Tomkin’s words weaving into something devastating. That's how I found
them. Tomkin, the boy who had fed Zuko, the boy who kept visiting even as Nanook stopped,
the boy who smiled and listened and gave Zuko a chance. Tomkin had to see his own parents
like that. And his parents had felt so helpless, so disgusted by the Fire Nation, that they saw
no other option but to take their own lives.
Even if the Water Tribe had been savages, Zuko realised for the first time in his life that, in
this case, there was no justification for the Fire Nation’s actions.

“I’m sorry.” Zuko whispered, but this apology was different, and Tomkin must have heard the
difference because his lips parted as he stared at Zuko. “I’m so, so sorry.”
It unlocked something in Tomkin, and suddenly, the other boy wrapped his arms around
Zuko. He held him tight and his breath came out harsh in Zuko’s ear, but he still didn’t cry. It
was like he couldn’t, like he had nothing left to give, like all of the anguish and injustice had
coursed through him years ago, leaving him hollow now.
Tomkin was a bright-eyed teenager whose smile had warmed Zuko even in a land of ice.
Tomkin could so easily have made an enemy of Zuko, and he had every excuse to. But he
didn’t. He chose kindness. And Zuko didn’t know what to do with that. He'd never seen a
heart so abrased remain soft. Zuko knew a thing or two about tragedy, and when Tomkin
suddenly spoke that language so fluently, Zuko didn’t know what to do with it. He had
thought these warriors were foreign, strange, unintelligible.
He knew now that pain looked the same wherever you went. Whether that was a testament to
its coherency or a telling of humanity’s fluency in it, Zuko didn’t know. He just knew that it
was the one thing every nation, every citizen, every heart understood. So he stood there, a
Water Tribe boy clinging to his shirt, and instead of pushing him away, Zuko desperately
tried to remember how to hug someone back.
____
Kanut didn’t feel sad. He didn’t feel happy, either. He didn’t feel anything, and that terrified
him. What kind of person was he to hear of his father’s passing, his last living relative’s
death, and remain unfazed?
Actually, that wasn’t entirely true. Unfazed insinuated a certain lack of thought, but Kanut
had thought. When Kanna uttered those four words, a single thought had surfaced, one that
would haunt him.
At least the nightmares might stop.
Spirits, he would be cursed for that.
“What are you doing?” Prince Zuko’s sudden voice made Kanut jump, and the healer looked
up to see the now familiar moody gaze of the Fire Prince. Kanut was in the healer's tent,
which was slightly bigger than the rest of the tribe’s tents, filled with two cots and dozens of
jars containing various medicines. In the middle of the space was a small stack of kindling;
the tent’s fire. It was unlit. Kanut had kneeled to light it, hoping to boil some seal fat to ease
his breathing a little, but had gotten lost in his thoughts.
That was how the kid caught him; kneeling beside some logs and staring at them, like an
idiot.
“Stop gawking and make yourself useful.” Kanut grumbled, sitting back and nodding at the
kindling. Zuko just stared at him like he didn’t understand.

“Light the fire, Mr Firebender.” Kanut furthered. “Do they have a specific command for that
in the Fire Nation? Ignite? Flameo, hotman-?”
“Nobody says that.” Prince Zuko interrupted, affronted, and Kanut chuckled as the kid came
to sit cross-legged beside him. “And I'm not allowed to firebend, remember?”
The Prince looked troubled when he said that, and Kanut wondered how it went with the
Chief and Kanna. Hakoda was gradually learning how to deal with the kid, learning what he
did and didn’t respond to, but Kanna was a force to be reckoned with. Kanut loved that
woman, but she held only resentment for the Fire Nation, and she was too old to start
thinking differently just for a young upstart like Prince Zuko. She wouldn’t be kind.
“You’re telling me? I'm not the one spitting sparks.” Kanut said, and the Prince actually
clasped a hand to his mouth, before realising Kanut was joking and glaring murderously.
“Prick.” The kid muttered with the tiniest, tiniest smile, and Kanut’s breath caught in his
throat. The Fire Prince was a teenager, but this was still the first time Kanut had heard him
swear.
“What did you just say?” Kanut had meant to sound amused, proud if anything, but Prince
Zuko didn’t recognise things like that, and Kanut saw horror dawn on his face as he realised
Kanut had heard him.
“I didn’t mean-.”
Prince Zuko delved into a fast-paced explanation of how he didn’t say what Kanut thought he
said, and if he had it was a joke, and that he was sorry, and Kanut really wished he’d boiled
that seal fat in time because he couldn’t force the breath to leave his lungs. A terrified child
unravelling before a grown man simply because he thought he stepped out of line. The
familiarity was biting. Kanut felt like his father was looking down on him from the stars,
laughing that haunting, drunken laugh that lacerated at Kanut every time he tried to run away.
Kanut had watched Prince Zuko’s actions these past few weeks, desperately avoiding the
realisation forming in his mind, but seeing it so up close was conclusive. Kanut had feared
this.
“I may be a prick," Kanut sighed with a smile, “but at least I'm not an arrogant bastard.”
Prince Zuko froze, slowly realising that Kanut was joking with him, that Kanut wasn’t
annoyed. It took him a few seconds to release his muscles from the frightened seize they’d
entered, a position Kanut had himself spent hours at a time in on the bad nights, nights when
he’d feel the ache of his limbs for days after.
“My parents were married, I'll have you know.” Prince Zuko said with a swallow, testing the
waters.
Kanut swore he wasn't purposely smiling bigger to make the kid feel better, he wasn’t. “Oh,
not an arrogant bastard then. How does arrogant motherfucker sound?”

The kid turned to the kindling, and a sudden spark of orange shot from his knuckles, a fire
exploding before Kanut. Prince Zuko smiled smugly. “I can work with arrogant
motherfucker."
____
Zuko had not had a very nice day, he decided as he sat on one of the Southern Water Tribe’s
infirmary cots, allowing a small wince with each stitch Kanut pulled free.
For starters, he had been taken to the South Pole, where it was freezing cold and the wrong
side of the world to the Avatar, amongst other things. Once this short stay in the south was
over, he'd have a few more days at sea before being handed to the Earth Kingdom, which
terrified Zuko, but the tactician in him knew he had to focus on the threat at hand. He had to
survive the South Pole first. The day somehow got worse, because he had then found out that
Lee had died because of his own lack of leadership skills. An innocent soldier, an innocent
boy, murdered because Zuko was a coward. Minutes after realising this, Tomkin’s arms were
around Zuko’s shoulders after revealing the tragedy of his parents’ death, a tragedy that Zuko
couldn’t deny was undoubtedly the fault of his own great nation. And to top it all off, he had
joked with one of his captors. He had sworn with him around a fire like... like friends.
Azula would be plotting right now, would be figuring a way to use the healer’s unfounded
trust to her own advantage. Father would wipe out this entire village. Zuko could try. He
wasn’t a great firebender, but he was still a firebender. He could do some damage to the
flammable tents and easily meltable ice before one of the warriors took him out. Father
would tell him to die fighting. Father never realised that Zuko was fighting. He always had
been. His form of fighting was just a little quieter than Azula’s.
“Kanut?” Zuko asked softly, staring at the furs he sat upon, at his own grimy hands. The only
form of bathing on the Ullaakut was with a rag and bucket. It wasn’t nothing, but it wasn’t
great, and Zuko now felt coated in a thin layer of dirt.
The healer hummed from behind Zuko. Zuko couldn’t help the panic that danced within him.
As was their unspoken agreement, Zuko was facing the entrance of the tent, but Kanut was
still behind him to take out his stitches. Zuko's damaged vision in his left eye was never a
prominent problem, and besides he would get over it because it could have been worse and
Father was merciful to allow him some sight, but in times like this, when a possible attacker
was just out of view, his paranoia made everything on his left side fuzzy, and his heart began
to race.
Zuko swallowed the panic. He had questions. Questions he desperately needed answers to.
“Tomkin told me about his parents.”
Kanut’s hands stopped and Zuko heard the minute breath the healer sucked in. A few seconds
passed and it was that steady silence that told Zuko that, regardless of Kanut’s nonchalant
response, he took this conversation seriously.
“And?”

“And I don’t understand how he isn’t dead.” Zuko finally grit out. He found talking with
Kanut easier than the other Tribesmen. With Kanut, he didn’t have to dance around things.
They both got straight to the point.
“What’re you talking about, tough guy? Didn't he tell you what happened?” Kanut asked,
slowly setting his hands back to Zuko’s stitches, but he moved more purposely than before.
“I know what happened, but I mean after.” Zuko said, before hesitating. He was always
reluctant to talk about the Fire Nation, and what he wanted to say surpassed the mundanity of
the usual scraps of information he gave Kanut, but he needed to know. And perhaps... maybe
a little... he trusted the healer.
“Orphans are the runts of a community, the weakest members.” Zuko said quietly,
conspiringly. “In the Fire Nation, weak schoolchildren are sent to the coal mines, and weak
soldiers are executed, and weak sons are-.”
He paused, horrified by his own candour. What had he been about to say?
Zuko buried his nails in his palms and kept talking, praying to Agni that Kanut missed that
slip up. “I just don’t understand how, if he was orphaned at eleven, he’s survived so long.
Who took care of him?”
Kanut was quiet for some time after that, and Zuko was happy to sit in silence for a little bit.
His own thoughts were poisonous, biting things, striking him from all angles. He was
exhausted.
Finally, Zuko felt the last tug of his skin as Kanut finished removing his stitches.
“You’re done, tough guy.” Kanut said, and something in his voice told Zuko he was just as
tired as he was. Zuko slowly pulled his shirt back on as he turned to the healer. He hadn’t
expected the dejected look on Kanut’s face.
“There’s an old proverb.” Kanut said suddenly, staring at those peculiar white scars on his
hands. “The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth.
Our Little Tom was devastated when he lost his parents. In our culture, human emotions like
pain are not considered weak. Instead of turning our back on him, we took him in. Each
villager did their bit in raising that poor kid. Hakoda, mainly, but also me, Bato, Kanna,
Nanook, Tulok, Chena, Aput- all of us.”
Kanut’s voice became gruff, raw. “Sixteen is the age we consider to be a warrior. It just so
happened that when we were set to leave for the war, Tomkin had just turned sixteen, barely.
There's an unspoken rule in the tribe that, when that happens, the parents appeal to the Chief
to request their kid stay home. There is no honour in sending children into battle. But Tomkin
had no parents to fight his cause, and he was desperate to stay with the crew, so despite
Hakoda’s reluctance, he came along. He's our family now. A dozen different people’s little
brother.”
Kanut’s blue eyes were relentless as he stared Zuko down. “That is how he isn’t dead."

That night, Zuko fell asleep to the sound of the village welcoming back their warriors. They
danced to strange instruments, singing songs in words Zuko didn’t understand, throwing
things that made their village fire surge to the stars. Zuko stayed in the tent he had been
allocated, and he felt like he was relearning how to breathe. He was finally on solid – albeit
cold – ground, but still, his world swayed violently. Blink, and he saw Lee’s blood. There was
just so much of it and it was dripping from his hands. Blink, and he heard Tomkin’s pathetic
gasps as he tried to cry. And it was pathetic, in the most heart-breaking way possible. Blink,
and Kanut was growling through grit teeth that ‘in our culture...’, which was so obviously a
dig at the Fire Nation. Blink, and Zuko was struggling to even defend the Fire Nation. Blink,
and there is no honour in sending children into battle. Blink, and I am trusting you. Blink,
and the child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth.
Zuko knew a secret, knew something even Father and Azula didn’t know, and that was that
there was an art to burning. It was more than a weapon, or a tool, or an excuse. It was an
expression, the deepest telling of one's soul, their hopes and dreams and passions and fears,
the most crude version of their heart. His entire life, Zuko had been snuffed out.
Tonight, he was on fire.

Chapter End Notes

Did I just make you read an entire chapter of several different people being in several
different shades of an angst crisis? Are the Tomkin fans going to murder me in my
sleep? Sue me bitch I see no god up here but ME. Oh and Kanut’s proverb is actually an
African proverb but I absolutely adore it and it fits so perfectly, so here you go. I'll see
you nerds on Monday and I MEAN IT THIS TIME.

Chapter 8: i. Choose Treachery; It's More Fun
Chapter Notes

you know what's coming: Have an absolutely magnificent day I am manifesting a good
day for all of you tell me if it works in the comments, don’t do anything I wouldn’t do x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Winter was reaching the South Pole, which wasn’t a big deal, considering winter reached the
South Pole for half of every year. It started subtly. Summer saw entire days of sunlight with
nothing but clouds and twilights as a respite, but then the twilights would get longer. An hour
of darkness, then two, then three. And just as there had been constant day, winter would
arrive with constant night.
Getting used to four seasons instead of two had been one of the biggest differences in
Hakoda’s life when he left the village. Now, the Fire Prince was getting used to the same
change Hakoda had, but reversed.
“That sounds fake.”
Hakoda was sat around the village campfire beside Kanut, the sky a dark navy above them
despite it being lunchtime. Hakoda had spent the day with Kanut, actually. After what his
mother had told him about Yutu’s death, a death Hakoda struggled to mourn, Hakoda had
been worried about Kanut. Him and Bato were the only ones who could ever tell when the
healer was upset, because he didn’t react as others did. He never acted sad or angry, he just...
made jokes.
“I’m telling you that’s what the book says. Firebenders rise with the sun.”
Every month when the supplies came in, Kanna got some books. Anything that had made its
way to the nearby islands, anything left behind by travellers. She never got much, usually
only one or two a month, but she’d been collecting for decades, and now had a decent library
in the corner of her tent. Kanut used to spend hours in there, no matter how much Hakoda
and Bato – always bad influences - tried to lure him out.
Kanna had reluctantly given Kanut a book she had on firebenders, and Kanut had taken it
upon himself to educate Hakoda.
“So he’s going to sleep until the sun comes up, that’s what you’re telling me?" Hakoda asked.
He snickered at the prospect. Kanut didn’t. This was troubling.
The context of their conversation was this; last night, Prince Zuko went to bed early, and
despite his reputation as an early riser and it now being the middle of the day, he was yet to
wake up. Tomkin had suggested he go get him, but Hakoda still struggled to swallow his

guilt. He'd been so cold, so stubborn, with the boy, and it turned out to be completely
unfounded. So, he had decided to let the Fire Prince have a lie in; he was probably exhausted.
When Hakoda made this decision, he was under the impression the Prince would wake up
from his lie in. Kanut suggested otherwise.
“We could chuck water at him?” Kanut tried.
Hakoda laughed, the village around him making him feel like a troublemaking child all over
again. "Like old man Tuktu?"
The memory made Kanut snort loudly, remembering the time one of the moody elders – who
had told Hakoda, Bato and Kanut off the day before for going kayaking without permission –
found himself drenched after the three of them skilfully attached a bucket of water to his tent
flap. Old man Tuktu, for all his old-manliness, had still managed to chase the cackling
teenagers through the village with a stick.
“Spirits, why was he so fast?” Kanut asked.
“Fuelled by spite?” Hakoda suggested.
He hadn’t noticed his mother walking past until Kanna grabbed Hakoda and Kanut by their
hair and knocked their heads together.
“You boys were awful to poor Tuktu!” She cried, and Hakoda couldn’t help but laugh.
“He had it coming, miserable git that he was.” Kanut said, wincing dramatically as he rubbed
his head.
“Do not speak ill of the dead.” Kanna warned. It was an instinctive response - they had been
raised to fear the wrath of their ancestors – but Hakoda didn’t miss the way his mother’s
shoulders tensed as she realised what she’d said, as they both watched Kanut’s expression
darken.
“The dead don’t deserve honour simply for having died.” Kanut growled, staring into the fire.
Hakoda flicked an unsettled look to Kanna. It really was a very bad idea to toe the line with
Spirits like Kanut was doing, but perhaps this was grief talking?
“The Spirits are very good at holding grudges, my boy.” Kanna said slowly, before pointing a
threatening finger at Kanut. “Be careful.”
With one last worried look between Kanut and Hakoda, she grabbed her basket of clothes and
carried on her walk through the village.
Hakoda knew that there were certain things you said to people who were mourning. I'm sorry
for your loss. They're looking down on you. They're with the ancestors now. But Hakoda also
knew Kanut, and he knew Kanut would hate to be told those things.
So instead, Hakoda said; “Still getting told off at your big age? For shame."

Kanut snapped from his shadowed expression, letting out a suprised laugh as he shook his
head at Hakoda, who couldn’t help but laugh with him.
That's how Chena found them.
“You two enjoying yourselves giggling around the fire?” Chena asked with a sharp grin.
“Very much.” Kanut said charmingly.
“I’d ask you to join us, but from what I heard last night,” Hakoda said with conspiring,
narrowed eyes, “you’re too tired for that.”
Chena laughed shamelessly and Kanut let his face fall into his hands. This was one of the
downsides to the smallness of the village; reunions were very, very loud.
The three of them joked like that – initially at Chena’s expense, but quickly at the always
prude Kanut’s - for a few minutes before Chena’s expression soured.
“Not seen much of your nephew today, Dragon of the West.” Chena said with a nod to Kanut.
“He’s still sleeping.” Kanut said easily. “And I’ve never even been west.”
“What would you rather we called you?” Hakoda asked with a smile. Kanut tipped his head
back in thought, white hair mussing from the movement.
“How about...” he mused, “Sea Serpent of the South?”
Chena’s laugh was always a thundering thing that echoed through those around him, utterly
contagious, and Kanut grinned, seemingly pleased with that nickname. He was acting like
nothing was wrong. Hakoda hated Yutu, and had been grateful when Kanut started hating him
too, but he’d expected some reaction to Yutu’s passing. There was a time when Kanut
worshipped his father.
“Well, Sea Serpent of the South,” Chena’s smile fell into something spiteful, “how long’s the
little brat going to sleep?”
A beat of hesitation passed between Hakoda and Kanut, but they had been covering for each
other since they were boys. Kanut’s response was quick, certain.
“I took his stitches out last night. Some patients suffer fatigue after that. I'm not surprised that
he’s still in bed.”
Chena narrowed his eyes, before nodding, satisfied. He quite literally trusted Kanut with his
life; why would he question him now?
“Well, I've got to go check in with the missus.” He said gruffly.
Hakoda punched his leg when he walked past. “Have fun checking in.”

Hakoda waited until Chena was out of sight before turning back to Kanut. The healer's blue
eyes were smug.
“That thing about the stitches-?”
“Total lie.”
“Thought so.”
____
The Prince eventually woke up, staring blearily at the dark sky as he stumbled from his tent,
earning a round of applause from Aput and Tulok that was met with a very piercing scowl.
Hakoda quickly gave him some chores to do, and the next few hours spurred a game amongst
the warriors.
The focus? Weird places they had found Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation napping. Whoever
found him in the strangest place won, the prize being Aput’s famously good five-flavoursoup and relief from pot wash for an entire month.
It started when Kanut found the Prince curled up beside the campfire, then being challenged
an hour later by Tomkin, who talked nonstop for ten minutes to Prince Zuko before realising
the other boy was asleep with his hand in his soup. A joke was made by Aput, which was
challenged by Chena, and suddenly, both men decided their pride was on the line, and the
game became a fully-fledged competition. Nanook was the current winner. He had been
sewing clothes outside his tent with his mother, telling her about his adventures on the
Ullaakut these past two years, and telling her – with a fondness that surprised him - about
their latest, fiery member. He’d run out of the grass blades they were using to sew skins
together into shirts, and Nanook left to get some. He rounded a few corners, and there, fast
asleep, leaning against a tent pole, standing up, was the Fire Prince.
Nanook gave his mother a quick excuse and softly jostled the younger boy awake. They were
now sat before the snow wall surrounding the village, Tomkin joining them the moment he
spotted them and bringing over a plate of food and a very heavy-looking bag.
“Spirits, I thought I'd never get away.” Tomkin said, slightly out of breath as he collapsed to
the floor. He’d always been a favourite amongst the village children and his homecoming led
to them harassing him at every junction.
“They’re drawn to your maternal aura.” Nanook teased, and Tomkin partook in his favourite
pastime of throwing seal jerky at him.
“You asleep again, Your Highness?” Tomkin asked, turning his attention to the Prince. Prince
Zuko had been quieter than normal, which was very quiet indeed. Tomkin said he suspected it
was because of their conversation the day before. Nanook was still shellshocked to find out
how much Little Tom had revealed, telling the Prince of the enemy nation all about his
parents’ horrific passing. Even for Tomkin, who was notorious for his bravery when it came
to his own vulnerability, that was a bit far. But Nanook was even more shocked by the
Prince’s reaction. He said sorry, Nan. A Fire Nationer said sorry. The future Fire Lord said

sorry. Tomkin had told Nanook excitedly as the other villagers had danced that night, his eyes
bright and watery and hopeful.
“I am not.” Prince Zuko grumbled, offended and pointedly sitting straighter, helping himself
to food as he’d learned to.
Nanook narrowed his eyes. “Are too.”
“Am not.”
“Are too.”
“Am not.”
Tomkin threw seal jerky at them both. Nanook smugly saw this coming and caught the flying
food. Prince Zuko, however, had found Tomkin on his left-side, and didn’t see the seal jerky
until it slapped him in the face. Tomkin burst out laughing.
Nanook had watched the Prince closely these past few weeks. It wasn’t a surprise that a burn
as horrific as the one on the Fire Prince’s face had damaged his vision somewhat. What was a
surprise was how the Prince dealt with it; silently. He never complained, or requested help, or
even thought it was a point of sympathy at all. Nanook's theory was that he’d had that scar
for a very long time, perhaps from an incident in his childhood? Spirits knew how clumsy
Nanook had been as a little boy. He couldn’t imagine the damage he might have done had he
been able to wield fire.
It would explain why Prince Zuko never spoke about it. Nanook theorised he was simply too
accustomed to it to notice the scar anymore. Theorising about the Fire Prince’s scar had
become a bit of a pastime on the Ullaakut these past two weeks. Everyone had different ideas,
from training accidents to fights with peers to Chena even suggesting it was some sick royal
rite of passage. But Nanook liked his own theory. It was innocent. Not all of the theories were
innocent...
“Hakoda wants me to make some more spearheads.” Tomkin said once he’d finished stuffing
his face, plonking his bag between the three of them with the sound of stones clattering
against each other.
“And this is our problem because?” Nanook asked, already knowing what Tomkin was
getting at.
“Because,” Tomkin said, like it was obvious, “you’re going to help me. You know I can never
get them sharp enough."
“I don’t think the Chief will want me around possible weapons.” Prince Zuko said quietly,
still sounding on the verge of a yawn and glaring at the sky every now and then like it had
betrayed him.
“He won’t mind.” Tomkin said, even though Nanook wasn’t so sure.

Prince Zuko looked bewildered, gold eyes wide. “But... But what if I take one and use it to
escape? What if I stab you?”
“You haven’t stabbed Tomkin yet.” Nanook pointed out. Tomkin frowned in confusion, but
the Prince caught on quickly.
Recently, Tomkin had been sneaking into the infirmary for five minutes whenever Kanut left,
and for those five minutes, the razor he used on his pathetic attempt at stubble would
disappear with him. Nanook didn’t know if Tomkin actually used his brain in these five
minutes and shaved the Fire Prince’s head himself, or if he truly was stupid enough to let
Prince Zuko do it and simply pray to the Spirits he wouldn’t turn and stab him, but Nanook
always kept an ear out. It had only been happening these past few days, now Tomkin had
seemingly decided he liked the Prince and trusted him to an extent, but it was still pure
idiocy.
Nanook didn’t know why he hadn’t put a stop to it, or told Hakoda. Maybe he too trusted
Prince Zuko a little ... maybe.
"I’m not going to stab someone who’s helping me.” Prince Zuko growled, like it was a
preposterous thing to suggest.
Nanook nodded. “So are you going to stab us?”
“Well obviously not,” the Prince said, “but-.”
“Well, it’s settled then.” Tomkin said with a grin, chucking one of the stones at Zuko. The
stones they used were small, the length of a hand. “Get sharpening, Your Highness.”
Making spearheads was a practice Nanook had observed since he was a child. It was a simple
process. Lumps of rock were taken from the nearby mountains and, with the use of ivory
blades and hammers, they would be sharpened. For the boys of the village, it was a rite of
passage. A boy who could make a spearhead that cuts the flesh when pressed was ready to
move on to become a man, a warrior. Most of the boys managed their first spearhead by
fourteen years old, which was why Nanook was mesmerised to see that Prince Zuko couldn’t
for the life of him figure out how to do it.
The Fire Prince growled in frustration, throwing down his third lump of rock after he’d hit it
too hard with the hammer and caused it to split in half.
“You seem pretty distracted today...” Tomkin said quietly, not hiding his worry. The Prince
was almost fuming, and Nanook meant that in the most literal way possible. At Tomkin’s
words, the Prince frowned, staring at the snow as if it held all the answers to the universe.
Tomkin went to say something else – he’d never been good with silence - but Nanook quickly
nudged him with his foot.
There was a chance Prince Zuko was finally going to open up to them about something
bothering him, and Nanook wouldn’t have that ruined by Tomkin’s big mouth.
____

Zuko had felt strange all day. He'd blamed it on his drowsiness. He'd never slept in so late
before. Even on the days he wished he could, the sun simply wouldn’t allow him to. Yet now
they were in the South Pole, Zuko slept through the night and all the way through until
lunchtime, and he didn’t even know how the warriors knew it was lunchtime, because when
Zuko finally emerged from his tent, the sun was nowhere to be seen. Disorientated didn't
quite cover it.
He'd been up for hours now, and still, he felt like he’d just crawled out of bed. His muscles
were aching, his eyes were heavy, his head felt like it was full of clouds, and he kept drifting
off. He kept drifting off, a sitting turtleduck, around the entire Water Tribe village. He was
surprised he hadn’t woken up with a knife in his chest yet. He was finally beginning to take
the Chief’s word that maybe the crewmen wouldn’t hurt him, because they needed him for
General Fong, and he could tell that the way they looked at him was different now they knew
he’d never led a raid, an almost indignant embarrassment, a guilt, but the way Kanna and the
other women looked at him... It was hatred in its purest form.
“I’m fine.” Zuko hissed when Tomkin kept asking if he was alright and why he was so
distracted. Taking a deep breath and pushing away his frustration, Zuko picked up his fourth
lump of rock. He couldn’t even sharpen a piece of rock right. He couldn’t do anything right.
He couldn’t do anything right and, because of his incompetence, Lee was dead.
“You don’t look fine.” Nanook said softly, always more observant than Tomkin. Zuko just
glared at him, about to instinctively lash out, before he hesitated. Yesterday, in a blind
moment of desperation, Zuko had asked Kanut for help in understanding something. Kanut
hadn’t told him he was stupid, or overstepping his boundaries. Kanut's hand hadn’t come
down hard across Zuko’s face, a lesson in the form of the metallic taste of blood. Kanut had
simply... talked. And it helped.
If Zuko could brave asking questions from a grown man, surely he could take on two kids?
“There was a soldier on my ship.” Zuko said, voice quiet, weak. “He was young,
inexperienced, a terrible bender, but he was still under my command. When your crew got on
deck, he died in the melee. I'm the reason our two ships fought that day. I'm the reason that
soldier died.”
There was something even more harrowing in saying the words out loud, like how Zuko had
sat in the Chief’s tent, body shaking as he choked out I killed Lee. It was last night’s neverending sleep that Zuko had wanted to wake up from the most. His mind had been so cruel. He
saw the Erlong sinking, Lee’s body drifting, being lost to the waves. Water was no burial for
a firebender. And all Zuko had left was a pai sho tile and a red ribbon, which was more than
Lee’s family, who would have nothing but a military issued letter sent to a dozen different
homes thanking them for their contribution to the war. Uncle's words reiterated in Zuko’s
mind. The men on that ship have fathers too, and brothers and sisters and children and wives.
One man’s death ricocheted into a cacophony of pain, and Zuko had caused it.
“What was his name?” Tomkin asked, eyes wide and sad. Zuko wanted to be cynical, but he
knew Tomkin well enough now to know that this news did genuinely sadden him. He didn’t
enjoy anyone's death, Fire Nation or otherwise.

“Lee.” Nanook whispered, and Zuko’s heart twisted. It was such a simple name, sounding
peculiar on a Water Tribesman’s tongue. Zuko's golden eyes must have begged the question,
because Nanook carried on talking, a little sheepishly. “You said his name a lot, when we
were both in the infirmary."
Back when the Water Tribe were the savage enemy and Zuko thought he was the victim. He
deserved this. All of it.
“Look, I get you’re the Prince and all,” Tomkin said with a sudden ferocious honesty, so
ferocious it was almost angry, “but it’s unfair that you were put in charge of that ship. It's too
much responsibility. I’m older than you and I couldn’t have done it. It wasn’t your fault.”
“He’s right, Zuko.” Nanook added, and Nanook had never tried the casualness that came
with Zuko’s name on its own. It gave his simple words a weight, a weight that pushed at
Zuko’s shoulder blades, as if an invisible hand was pushing him to his knees. Tomkin and
Nanook were trying to make him feel better, which was sweet, but it wasn’t helping. Nothing
could help. It was his fault. It was all his fault.
But Zuko knew from Uncle that sometimes people worried too much, and whether it made
him weak or not, Zuko knew he didn’t want Tomkin and Nanook to worry, so he cracked a
small smile that made Tomkin’s entire face light up.
“Thanks.” Zuko said, looking down at his hands as he focussed on the spearheads. In the
glow of the nearby campfire, Zuko swore his hands looked red. The sight made his heart race.
He managed a few more minutes before he knew he’d have to try meditating, or anything that
made his body feel less like it was about to fall apart.
In hindsight, trying to mediate with an audience of two curious teenage boys was a bad idea,
and Zuko quickly found himself teaching the Water Tribesmen how firebenders settle their
chi.
____
“Chief, do you really think it’s a good idea to put spearheads in our prisoner’s hands?” Tulok
asked, watching with narrowed eyes from a distance away as Prince Zuko sat with Tomkin
and Nanook. The three seemed to be partaking in some peculiar exercise, with their legs
crossed and hands in their laps in a strange position.
“It's not like I told Little Tom to bring spearheads to the Prince of the Fire Nation.” Hakoda
argued through grit teeth. He had thought supplying weapons to the prisoner was an obvious
no go, but Tomkin’s mind worked in strange ways.
“Shall I stop it?” Chena asked, because as tough as he tried to act, they all had a fierce
protection over Little Tom. That combined with Chena’s dislike of Prince Zuko saw him now
standing rigidly, not taking his grey eyes off the boys.
Hakoda remembered again the Prince’s revelation yesterday. There was something haunting
the young boy, something to do with someone called Lee. Hakoda knew he shouldn’t care,
and he certainly shouldn’t be worried, but he couldn’t help it. Now he had no real reason to

hate Prince Zuko, it was very difficult not to just see him as a lost teenage boy in desperate
need of guidance.
“No, they’ll be alright. I don’t think they’re even sharpening anymore.” Hakoda said.
“I don’t like it, Hakoda.” Kanna said, eyes narrowed. She had been very vocal about her
ideas for how to truly deal with a prisoner like Prince Zuko, ideas that involved chains and
cruelty and everything Hakoda wasn’t willing to do.
“I know, mom.” Hakoda sighed, looking down to meet his mother's gaze. "But I think me and
the Prince are finally understanding each other."
“And Kanut?” She asked, quieter. Hakoda tapped his fingers against his thigh. Kanut had
disappeared to read. Kanut read because it calmed his thoughts. Kanut was reading a lot
since they came south.
“You know what he’s like. If he doesn’t want to talk, he won’t. I can't do anything but wait
for him to figure out how he feels. If I'm being honest, I don’t even think he cares.”
It made sense. Kanut used to love his father and thought everything Yutu did to him was his
own fault. Then Kanut turned to hating his father with a passion that was almost jarring.
Finally, when out at sea, Kanut seemed to gain some peace, and became utterly impartial. It
made sense if Kanut felt nothing at his father’s passing. He didn’t owe his father his grief.
“I think even Kanut believes that,” Kanna said with a sigh, “but it isn’t the truth.”
Hakoda didn’t know what that meant and he didn’t like the shiver that traced over him. It was
unsettling.
“What do you mean?” He asked, and Kanna closed her eyes, as if remembering something.
“Kanut’s way of survival has been to lock himself up. It's how he dealt with Yutu, and I'm
sure you remember it’s how he dealt with us when we first got to know him.” Kanna said,
and Hakoda did remember. Kanut had never wanted anyone’s help. He was determined to
fight his own battles and, as a child, the prospect of being taken away from his father terrified
Kanut. He was so desperate for a relationship with him, and he would have fought anyone
who got in the way. It took years for Kanut to truly open up to Kanna, and even longer for
him to allow a real semblance of friendship with Hakoda and Bato past just hanging out.
“But now, he has locked up any emotion he ever had for his father.” Kanna continued sadly.
“Good and bad, he has shoved it all deep inside of him. Yutu's death should have stirred it,
but it seems Kanut’s will is stronger than I anticipated.”
“Surely that’s a good thing, if he isn’t upset?” Hakoda asked. Kanna shook her head.
“He must think so, but pain and grief are part of life, Hakoda. He must feel the things he
experiences, and he must feel them in their entire inferno. Kanut needs to grieve his father,
whether Yutu deserves that or not. He needs to grieve."

But Kanut was stubborn, they both knew it. It would take a miracle for something in Kanut to
finally unlock after decades of burying his feelings. It would take words Hakoda couldn’t
pronounce. He knew that. He knew he had never experienced anything close to what Kanut
had. His parents had adored him, his mother had barely ever raised her voice at him, and his
father certainly never took a hand to him. Hakoda couldn’t speak of a pain he'd never felt. He
couldn’t help Kanut. All he could do was remain by his friend’s side, but that at least was
something he knew he could do. Until his dying breath.
Hakoda looked to the sky, wanting to change the subject. “Will we see the lights while we’re
here, do you think?”
Kanna copied him, squinting. She knew all of the tricks to reading the skies, as was the
wisdom of an elder. After a few seconds, she looked to Hakoda.
“Whether Kanut likes it or not, the ancestors will visit us soon.”
____
“I’m more relaxed than you.” Tomkin said.
“You can’t meditate if you’re talking." Zuko berated, quickly regretting agreeing to teach the
two boys. They were sat in a circle, each with their hands before their chests, one palm up,
the other in a fist against it.
“Then why are you talking?” Tomkin asked. Zuko cracked open one of his eyes. Tomkin's
position was poor, and he kept bouncing his leg, a lopsided grin on his lips. Nanook,
however, was concentrating a little too hard, and looked in pain.
“I’m talking because you keep talking-.”
“Both of you shut up.” Nanook snapped, very much trying to focus.
“He just said not to talk, Nan!” Tomkin goaded.
“Shut the fuck up, I'm trying to achieve nirvana.”
“Still talking.”
Nanook’s blue eyes flashed open and he wrestled Tomkin to the floor before the smaller boy
had the chance to move, sending Tomkin into a fit of giggles. Zuko gave up, releasing his
position with an irritated sigh. But despite his impatience, he didn’t mind the distraction
Tomkin and Nanook presented. It wasn’t meditation, but their company had calmed him. Was
there a name for that?
“So did we meditate?"
“It’s not something you complete.” Zuko growled, deciding maybe they hadn’t calmed him as
much as he thought. Tomkin laughed harder, and Nanook inelegantly rolled off him, sitting
up with a grin. Tomkin didn’t get up, instead staring at the sky, his laughter slowly quieting,
his eyes widening in wonder.

“Zuko?” Tomkin asked, a sudden sense of urgent excitement to his tone.
“What?” Zuko grumbled.
“Have you colonised or committed any mass murders recently?”
Zuko blinked in surprise, stuttering over how he could possibly answer that. He settled for a
gasped; “No?”
“Good,” Tomkin grinned evilly, before pointing to the sky, “because the Aurora’s here.”
____
Kanut’s earliest memory was of falling into the ice. Aglus, they're called. The holes created
by puffin-seals so that they can surface for air when swimming beneath miles of ice. The
villagers fished from them. When Kanut was five, his father took him fishing, and it was
nice, and Kanut had been so desperate to catch a fish to impress Yutu. Too desperate. He
leaned too far, tried too hard. The ice had snatched him up and the water was the kind of cold
that burned. He'd never felt a cold like that, like it was stabbing every inch of his skin.
This was the part of the story where Yutu was supposed to heroically dive in after him, but
that was not what happened. Yutu was drunk. Yutu wasn’t concentrating. Kanut survived
because he clawed his own way out, panting and trembling as if that might offer him some
warmth. He reached for his father, but Yutu just slid a lazy, reddened stare to his son.
“Why’re you all wet?” He’d slurred, and the cold remained, even when Kanut returned home
and his mother fussed over him, the other villagers well accustomed to treating hypothermia.
The cold remained for many years after. Sometimes, Kanut wondered if that fall in the ice had
done something to him, had frozen his heart. He'd never been as empathetic as others. When
men were brought to his infirmary crying out in pain, Kanut never flinched.
And now his father was dead, and he didn’t care.
Lightning generation is an advanced sub-skill within firebending that allows the user to
produce lightning by separating the positive and negative energies internally, before directing
it up through the arm and out the fingertips. Kanut’s eyes flickered over the words of the Fire
Nation book Kanna had given him, the pages a childish comfort against his calloused fingers.
The technique is extremely precise and deadly and is referred to by some as the "coldblooded fire”. For centuries, the skill of lightning generation was so rare that few even knew
that it was possible at all.
He kept reading until the words swam before him, the cot of the healer's tent growing softer
and softer around him. He hadn’t meant to fall asleep, but soon, his eyes slid shut. It wasn’t
darkness that met him. It never was. His father had always had the most jarring green eyes;
peculiar for a Water Tribesman. Green and bloodshot and glaring. That was what Kanut saw
when he slept.
“Kanut?”

But that voice was too uncertain to be Yutu’s. Kanut stirred from his nap, blinking away his
grogginess.
“Sorry," Prince Zuko said sheepishly, “I didn’t mean to wake you.”
“You didn’t wake me.” Kanut shoved into a sitting position, rubbing his face. “I’m wide
awake.”
Prince Zuko looked at his bleary expression. "Clearly."
Kanut threw his pillow at him, and was relieved when the brat just grinned and ducked.
“What do you want, tough guy?” Kanut asked, quickly pushing his book out of the kid’s sight
and hauling himself to his feet, gravitating towards the jars containing the tea leaves.
“I was just...” The Prince trailed off, glaring at the floor like it had personally offended him.
He really was terrible at asking for things. “I was wondering...”
“Just say what you need, kid." Kanut said breezily, focussing on the tea.
“A coat.” The Prince finally spluttered out. “Please. If you have one spare.”
Kanut shook his head, trying to hide his grin at Prince Zuko’s antics. A Prince that didn’t
know how to demand things, it was annoyingly endearing.
“I've got a smaller one that might fit your scrawny ass in the chest there. Why'd you need a
coat all of a sudden?” Kanut said, relishing in the Fire Prince’s glare upon being called
scrawny as he stomped to Kanut’s chest, gratefully picking out one of his anoraks. He'd even
learnt to stop scrunching his nose at the Water Tribe clothing now.
“Apparently you can see the rainbow better out on the ice. Tomkin and Nanook are taking
me.” Prince Zuko explained, pulling on the anorak. Kanut couldn’t help but snort, earning
himself a staple Fire-Prince-murderous-glare. The sleeves fell past his hands, and the hood
completely drowned his face when it was raised.
“The rainbow?” Kanut turned to place the kettle over the fire.
“Tomkin says it’s called the Aurora."
Kanut dropped the kettle, water splashing to the floor and down his legs. He cursed loudly,
stopping when the Prince jumped back a step, and quickly picked up the kettle. Blasted thing.
What was wrong with him? He'd seen the Aurora every winter since he was old enough to
form memories. He'd always loved watching the colours dance across the sky, feeling first his
grandparents’ gaze, and then his poor sister’s after she finally succumbed to hypothermia,
and finally, his sweet, passive mother’s. So why did he suddenly feel the familiar creeping
chill of terror on his skin?
“Are you alright?” Prince Zuko asked, gold eyes wide.

“Yeah, I'm fine.” Kanut hissed. “You said Nan and Little Tom are taking you, huh? You
know, you can say no to those two. They're formidable together, but it is possible to deny
them.”
The prince seemed to believe Kanut was fine, and allowed a small smile at his teasing.
“They’re not so bad.”
The terror left Kanut a moment. “What’s this? The Fire Brat’s actually making friends?”
Prince Zuko sneered, but there was a softness on him that he didn’t usually have. He
shrugged awkwardly, like he was embarrassed, and when he spoke, his voice was quiet.
“He reminds me of how my sister used to be.”
“Little Tom?” Kanut asked, confused.
“Nanook.”
Kanut hadn't heard about Prince Zuko’s sister. He hadn’t even known he had a sister. The kid
wasn’t exactly an open book, and Kanut didn’t know much about the Fire Nation royal family
aside them being assholes. What Kanut did know was that there was something deeply
complex in the kid’s eyes when he spoke of his sister, not quite love, not quite hate.
“In what sense?" Kanut asked.
“It’s stupid."
“I’ll decide that. Come on, tough guy, tell me." Kanut badgered, because it suddenly
mattered a lot.
Prince Zuko toed the floor, before sighing. “Just... Nanook’s clever, I can tell, and he’s
observant. When Azula was younger, that’s what she was. She wasn’t cruel, or sadistic, or
desperate for Father’s attention. She was just a smart little girl, and we’d have fun together
and she always noticed things I didn’t and we’d talk and talk and-.” Prince Zuko cut himself
off, as if remembering where he was. “I don’t know, it’s stupid.”
Kanut didn’t think it was stupid. He thought it was heart-breaking. Whatever had become of
Azula, whatever their father’s coldness had mutated her into, it wasn’t the little girl Prince
Zuko had loved.
“You miss her?” Kanut asked. The Prince scoffed.
“She isn’t dead.”
“That’s not what I asked.”
The Prince turned rigid, lips parting, before slowly nodding his head. “I guess I just think it’s
a waste.” He whispered. He always whispered when he was talking about things he thought

he shouldn’t, and he always thought he shouldn’t be talking about his feelings. “We were so
close growing up, but that’s gone now. It's just a wasted relationship.”
Prince Zuko sighed, blushed, thanked Kanut for the coat and left quickly, as was his way
when accidentally sharing a piece of himself. Kanut didn’t chase him. Kanut didn’t say
anything. Because those few words had absolute seized him. It's just a wasted relationship.
Kanut's heart was shrivelling in his chest and he clutched at his own skin, gasping as he
grasped one of the tent poles to keep himself upright. And it was like a dam in his mind had
burst, drowning his thoughts until they all swam loose, thoughts he’d so desperately spent
decades packing behind that dam of his, thoughts he’d streamed away and ignored. But his
mind was now a flood and he couldn’t ignore it. He was just so angry at his father for
everything he did but mostly everything he didn’t do. He was angry at his father for having
the nerve to leave before they could fix things. Because now, Kanut was left with a broken,
wasted relationship with his father, and there was nothing he could do about that now. And it
was a fucking tragedy and it was all his father’s fault.
And even though he was angry and hurt, Kanut found himself smiling, tipping back his head.
Because finally, finally, he felt something.
____
All day, Zuko had felt half-awake, fatigued, flat. Now, the horizon was orange and red. The
sun was finally about to poke its head out, and Zuko felt his muscles trill in anticipation, an
almost electric current going through him as he truly woke up.
Tomkin grinned at him, before grabbing Zuko and Nanook’s arms and dragging them after
him. “Let’s go!”
It didn’t last.
“Where do you three think you’re going?” The Chief asked, and Zuko froze in place, leaving
Tomkin’s momentum to surge forward as he stumbled, saved by Nanook, who seemed
accustomed to catching his clumsy friend. The Chief was stood before one of the tents they’d
just run past, arms crossed over his chest. He towered over them all, and Zuko had argued
with him yesterday. And yet, all day, the Chief had treated him normally, and Zuko kept
catching his blue stare from across the village. He looked at Zuko like he couldn’t understand
something.
“We wanted to take Zuko on the ice to see the Aurora. He doesn’t even know what it is."
Tomkin said, bouncing excitedly on his heels, that last sentence said insultingly, like he still
couldn’t believe Zuko was oblivious to something so obvious.
“And you get to decide where the prisoner goes now, do you Little Tom?” The Chief asked
with a raised eyebrow. There was an expression on his face that Zuko couldn’t understand,
one that made Nanook chuckle, so it couldn’t have been too bad.
“Sorry, I'll go to my tent-”

“Oh, come on, Chief!” Tomkin interrupted Zuko’s mumbling. “You’ve all been horrible to
him because of something he didn’t even do – don't look so offended, Nanook, you aren’t
excused – and now you find out he’s perfectly innocent and you’re still treating him like
some villain. It isn’t fair!"
Zuko stared at Tomkin in surprise. He had just defended him. A Water Tribesman had
defended him, the Fire Prince. The Fire Prince was being defended by a Water Tribesman.
He, a prisoner, was being defended by one of his captors. He was being helped. And Zuko
struggled to move his gaze to the Chief, because he was absolutely terrified, and he was
absolutely terrified for Tomkin.
“I guess you’re right." The Chief said, and there was that look again. Zuko forgot to breathe.
Then, the Chief pulled a mischievous smile. “Off you go, all of you. Don’t be gone too long
or I’ll be sending out a search party.”
He went to walk away, before turning and looking directly at Zuko. “And no, Your Majesty,
that wasn’t a threat, that was aimed at all three of you. I don’t need you all going missing in a
snowstorm.”
Tomkin and Nanook high-fived and Zuko was being grabbed and led after them again, his
feet barely moving in time.
“And it’s Your Highness!” Nanook called behind them, laughing loudly, and just like that, the
three boys raced through the village. The air finally began to move through Zuko’s lungs
again, cold and scraping away at his insides like he was being emptied and filled with
something else, something new, something he rather liked. A shy smile grew on his face, and
he ran to match Tomkin and Nanook.
The Chief had told Zuko he was trusting him, and Zuko thought that meant what it always
had; that he was being given another weight he was too weak to bear. But now, he saw the
look the Chief had donned all day, he saw the humour in his smile, he saw the affection he
gave Tomkin and Nanook turning almost instinctively to Zuko, and he started to think that,
maybe, trust meant something else in the Water Tribe. Maybe trust was less a burden, and
more a prize that was earned. Maybe, Zuko had finally earned it.
Maybe it was alright that he began to grin as he raced the others to the ice, sprinting past the
tents and the snow wall embracing the village, Nanook telling him and Tomkin they were
going to slip if they didn’t slow down, the two boys in fierce competition anyway.
Competition that wasn't dangerous, wasn’t hinged on his honour. Competition that was just
fun. And Zuko knew regardless of what Nanook said that he wouldn’t slip. His feet were sure
and his heart roared, muscles that had been cooped in a ship for weeks finally being worked
free. In that moment, he could run for miles.
And then the orange of the horizon exploded into a ribbon of colour, a rainbow of red and
blue and pink that danced across the sky, bouncing against the stars. Zuko realised the sun
had never been about to rise, but he’d never felt more awake.
____

In the light blue hues of the Aurora, Tomkin saw his mother’s smile, her hands in his hair as
she slowly worked it into a braid. Blue, the colour of her bending. The colour she died for.
His father; the interwoven cobalt. Darker, firmer, and with a laugh like the thin streams he
took Tomkin to as a boy. There never was a blue like it.
____
Pink, twirling and toiling above the ice. Passionate and warm, the colour of love. In it,
Nanook felt his childhood best friend’s hand in his. Uki had been a brilliant girl, but the
South Pole could be so harsh to its inhabitants. At fifteen, Nanook hugged her goodbye as he
had done so many times before, watched her walk out onto the ice, and had never seen her
again. Lost in a snowstorm.
Some days, he feared poor Uki’s soul had been damned to wander the ice, desperately trying
to find her way home. The pink hold of the Aurora consoled him. Uki was with him, always.
Nanook had dreamed of their friendship blossoming, dreamed of how her lips would feel
against his.
He imagined it felt like this.
____
Aput had always considered himself lucky. His parents still lived, content in their old-age. His
brother fought by his side up until recently when they separated in Chameleon Bay, swearing
to see one another again soon. Aput was lucky. The harsh blade of death was yet to strike him
anywhere intimate. Still, as he watched the Aurora, he closed his eyes and prayed, feeling the
deep black of the sky behind. His ancestors watched over him, their Spirits guiding his own.
He prayed that death would be kind, peaceful, to whoever it struck. He prayed he would be
ready.
____
Chena felt the yellowish-white ribbon above him curling, all bright and blinding and electric,
like lightning. In it, his firstborn’s quick hands as she grabbed for all the things she shouldn’t.
Chena felt his nerves awaken with the focus of a father. It was a terrible thing, to lose a child.
There had been a simple cure to the illness that seized her, one that came in monthly with the
supplies. Except that was the month a Fire Nation ship was spotted, right around when the
supplies came in. They were delayed by a week. It was too late by then.
Chena's anger was like lightning too.
____
Tulok used the Aurora to wish well the men killed by his own hand. He took no joy in
violence. As a boy, he had been a terrible hunter; too hesitant. But for his tribe, his family,
Tulok would fight. In a war, there was precious little choice. That didn’t mean he didn’t
remember how loud Fire Nation armour was as it clattered to the floor. A bland brown, like
the colour tinging the edges of the Aurora. In two years, Tulok had killed three men. He
didn’t know their names. We are at war, he would tell himself on the nights he heard their

cries, we are at war, we are at war. But in his heart was the boy who hesitated when hunting.
He had been raised to believe that every life mattered, from the people around him to the
animals they killed to survive. Golden eyes didn't change the humanity of a life.
He didn’t know how to truly release a Fire Nationer’s Spirit; he didn’t know their customs. He
just prayed, and prayed he hadn’t damned them.
____
Kanna had a friend, many years ago, who adored the colour purple. She had a hat, knitted by
her mother, that she wore everywhere. Kanna teased and teased her for it, but it brought her
friend joy, which in turn brought her joy. Kanna's friend was gone now. Knowing what Kanna
knew of the Fire Nation, she hoped her friend was up there dancing amongst the purple hues
of the Aurora.
Hama had always been so strong.
____
One of the signs of summer was when grass shoots managed to grow past the snow, a patch
of it near the mountains. In such a pale landscape, that green was enough to make the heart
race. Green, the colour of life, the colour of hope, the colour of Kya. But one colour was too
little for Hakoda’s beloved Kya. She was the entire rainbow, and she raced across the clouds,
her vibrance laughing at him as the questions dashed his mind. What do I do? No matter how
tall he stood, he couldn’t quite reach her.
____
Kanut read a book once that supposed the Aurora was caused by the sun when it created a
special type of energy, one that produced light. It had been a scandalous thing to read, but
now, he felt some comfort in it. The red might just have been energy. It wasn’t rage, or blood,
or hatred. It was just energy, just a visual spectacle.
So why, as Kanut stared unblinking at the sky, did he feel his father’s hand on his shoulder,
fingers digging in a little too tight? Red was the smell of rum. Red was the cramped tent he
could never leave. Red was the taste in his mouth as he hit the floor. Red, red, red.
Kanut breathed in deep, and when the tears pricked his eyes, it took a lot of contemplation
before he decided to let them free. His father was dead, and that upset Kanut. This was his
confession. He held that rage, that blood, that hatred in his fists, clenched tight, and then he
let it all go.
Red was the few times Kanut had seen Yutu smile, and he released his father’s Spirit to the
next world. He would grant him peace, and nothing more.
____
Every inch of Zuko’s skin burned and he couldn’t keep still, spinning with his head tipped
back to try and see the lights better. They were mesmerising, blurring and twirling through

the sky in a collage of colours. There was something holy here that Zuko was missing. This
wasn’t his faith. Yet, the electricity in his blood had to be something. A day of sleeping and
finally, he didn’t feel tired. He felt like he did when the sun was at its zenith. He felt like ten
times more than that. He felt completely energised. This was what the Fire Sages described
Sozin’s Comet to feel like. Power. Pure and raw and exhilarating.
The Aurora lasted less than an hour, the sky fading back to black. Tomkin, Nanook and Zuko
walked back to the village. Zuko‘s tiredness returned, the feeling like all of his clothes were
wet and he was being forced to trudge around in them. He tried to listen to Tomkin’s
incessant rambling as they sat around the village campfire, but Tomkin just talked so fast...
____
Some time later, the rest of the villagers emerged to gather around the campfire, as was their
way before bed. There was a debate between Aput and Chena regarding who got there first –
apparently, it was Chena – as the warriors arrived to see three sleeping teenagers. Prince
Zuko was in the middle, and his head had slipped to rest comfortably on Nanook’s shoulder,
Nanook himself fast asleep and propped up by an elbow. None of the warriors wanted to
comment on how peaceful the Fire Prince looked like that, how his burn seemed equally more
and less harsh when there was no scowl to accompany it. Tomkin had his legs thrown over
the Prince’s, but stirred at the sound of noise.
Upon seeing the shocked stares, Tomkin smiled. “You guys have no idea how warm
firebenders are.”
____
When Zuko grumbled awake, the warriors were looking at him strangely, but then again, they
had all been looking at him strangely since they came south. Loud voices and laughter filled
the night. Some gloating was exchanged, and peculiarly, so was a bowl of soup.
Zuko didn’t ask.

Chapter End Notes

just guys being dudes. chena is an absolute horndog. kanut blushes if you squint real
hard. hakoda and kanut solidarity in protecting zuko. you absolutely LOVE to see it.
A big ‘ur the love of my life’ award going to Ardoa88 for coming up with ’sea serpent
of the south’, it’s exactly what kanut needed.

Chapter 9: i. Fire And The Flood
Chapter Notes

okay lads I have some things I need to say for starters this has over 10,000 hits and over
1,000 kudos. do you understand how much that has literally fucked me up???? the fact
that you guys are just out here actively reading and ENJOYING my work? no I’m not
fucking crying mind your business. also FANART:
The Artwork That Literally Deserves To Be In The Louvre is here and here <3
okay hey we’re back with chapter 9!!! better known as the one where the Water Tribe’s
lack of knowledge on the Fire Nation leads to a serious understatement, Zuko is taught
how to hunt and then says no thanku <3 , the warriors bitch worse than a group of
teenage girls, oh and tom and nan are genuine IDIOTS; not necessarily in that order. this
chapter is part 1 of a Big Deal folks. strap the FUCK in and grab some tissues. it's going
to be a bumpy ride.
I love u all so much keep brightening my week with ur annoying comments have a nice
day and Don’t Do Anything I Wouldn’t Do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The caribou-yak were finishing their fall migration, passing just a few miles away from the
village. Stumbling upon caribou-yak was the only real way of hunting them. No hunter could
hope to keep up with the relentless pace of the large beasts, and the snow and harsh winds
covered their tracks as soon as they were made. Luck and perseverance were needed, but the
rewards were bountiful. Caribou-yak were a village favourite, and as the men dressed and
readied to leave, Hakoda couldn’t help but grin.
He'd missed hunting. It was a necessity in the south, but it was also something he enjoyed.
Getting food from ports was easy, but he never knew where the food came from, and could
never properly wish well the souls of the animals. This was the only true way to eat, and the
warriors buzzed in excitement.
“Struggling?” Chena goaded, grey eyes on the Prince. There were seven of them gathered
inside the igloo that held all their equipment. Prince Zuko was currently wrestling on a pair
of mukluks, glaring at the boots like they had questioned his honour. Hakoda had considered
leaving him behind with the rest of the crew, but he decided he liked being able to keep an
eye on Prince Zuko. He wasn’t protecting him, but Kanna hated the boy so much, and
Hakoda had been itching for a chance to talk with the Prince since he found out he wasn’t
actually evil. He didn’t know what he wanted to say. Sorry wasn’t right, but neither was
pretending everything was normal.

Hakoda’s conscience wasn’t eased by watching Prince Zuko grapple with Sokka’s old
mukluks.
At Chena’s commentary, the Fire Prince glared. “I'm fine.”
Chena scoffed, checking over his weapons and mumbling venomously under his breath. "It's
like bringing one of the girls."
“What's that got to do with anything?” Prince Zuko hissed, unimpressed. Chena drew himself
up, almost self-conscious of his insulting abilities.
“You happy to act like some weak little girl then, kid?” He sneered.
Zuko seemed to be remembering somebody, and his voice was strong when he spoke, the
kind of strong that makes teasing look childish. A leader’s strength.
“Is that how you speak of your mothers and sisters? Do you see them as inferior?” Prince
Zuko asked.
A few hisses and chuckles sounded from the others, Chena looking close to popping a blood
vessel. If Hakoda trusted Chena not to punch the Fire Prince, he would have stared longer at
Prince Zuko. Respect coursed through him for this young boy, but it was more than that.
Because of how terrified he knew the Fire Prince was of them all, because he knew what it
cost him to speak up, because of how long it had taken him to relax even minutely around
them, Hakoda also felt a crooked pride burn within him.
“He’s right there, Chena.” Hakoda grinned, slapping a hand to his friend’s shoulder. “Why
don’t you cool down outside?”
Chena breathed in deep, nodded at his Chief, and stormed out without hurting anyone. Tulok
shook his head with a chuckle.
“Moron.” He muttered, returning to packing a bag with freeze-dried cucumberquats and kale
cookies.
Hakoda, Chena, Tulok and Aput walked in a pack through the snow, spears low, footsteps
steady. Little Tom ran excitedly up ahead, with Nanook hanging back to chat to the Fire
Prince. Kanut had stayed in the village. Being the healer meant he was relieved of certain
other duties, like hunting. This morning, he had smiled at Hakoda, and said it would be a
good day. Hakoda didn’t know what he meant by that. All he knew was that his friend finally
looked settled. He wasn’t okay, that much was clear, but he was working on it, which was
more than yesterday.
“He seems to be fitting right in.” Chena said with a growl, flicking a look behind him at
Prince Zuko.
“I think it’s good that Little Tom’s finally hanging out with kids his age.” Aput said with a
shrug.
“Nan’s his age." Chena mumbled rather childishly, making Aput snicker.

"Nan’s the only one his age,” Aput pointed out, “and the Spirits know Nan has the mental
fortitude of an elder.”
“I think it’s good for all three of them.” Hakoda interjected. “There’s something going on
with the Prince, something he isn’t telling us. Kanut thinks so too. It does no harm for him to
just act like a teenager; I don’t think he’s been able to in the past.”
There was silence for a while as the other adults thought, before Chena huffed.
“That’s all well and good. I’m no monster, Chief, I get he’s just a kid.” Chena said, grey eyes
suddenly serious. “But he’s a Fire Nation kid. Royalty, at that. It isn’t the same. Let his father
raise him.”
But Kanut had told Hakoda he didn’t think the Fire Lord’s parenting methods were the best.
How he’d come to that conclusion and what exactly he meant by that, Hakoda didn't know.
What Hakoda did know, however, was that Prince Zuko was terrified of him and was always
waiting for a blow that never came. Hakoda had thought it was because of the threats given to
the Prince when they first met, threats regarding broken legs and cut off hands and being
thrown overboard that now made Hakoda cringe a little, or maybe the impending transfer to
General Fong that Hakoda no longer felt proud of, but Kanut seemed to think it was more
than that.
“I think his father has been raising him. That’s the problem." Hakoda grit out. Prince Zuko
was a burning flame that had caused Hakoda no end of problems, so why did the thought of
that flame flickering make his heart twist?
“The Fire Lord is a tyrannical piece of shit, but you really think even he’s bad enough not to
have a soft spot for his own family?” Aput asked, face crumpling into an echo of anger at the
mention of the man causing this world so much agony.
“What kind of soft spot banishes their son? And at thirteen?" Tulok pointed out quietly.
After Hakoda told the crew about Prince Zuko’s banishment, there was a surprising lack of
talk about it. The Water Tribe warriors had made an unspoken agreement to leave that topic
unexplored. It was like they knew it would make them see the Fire Prince in a different light,
a pitying light, and they didn’t want that. Just as Hakoda had done, his crew were desperately
grasping onto their hatred. When the world is at war, there aren’t many certainties. For some
of these men, knowing the Fire Nation was bad was all the logic they had left.
“Regardless of whether his dad was a prick to him or not,” Chena said gruffly, "the brat’s
royal. That means he’s in the spotlight. His father can’t have done anything too bad to him,
even if he wanted to."
This was how Hakoda comforted himself when the fearful gold eyes of the Prince landed on
him. However bad his father might have been, Ozai still had crowds to please. A bruised son
wouldn’t be tolerated. It was like Chena said; the worst the Fire Lord could do was want to
hurt his son.
But even that was appalling.

____
Tomkin spotted the caribou-yak and came running back to the group with all the jittering
excitement of a flutter-bat. Zuko had never actually seen caribou-yak, but Nanook’s patient
explanation meant he wasn’t too shocked when suddenly the vast white tundra revealed a
herd of two dozen beasts. He was shocked, however, at their sheer size. Nanook made Zuko
picture small puma-goats, not a herd of animals with the size and horns of dragon-moose.
They felt taller than he was, and these warriors wanted to hunt them. Zuko didn’t know
whether to be impressed or terrified.
He'd woken up this morning feeling much fresher than yesterday. He didn’t know if that was
because of the strange energy that filled him during the Aurora, or because he had just slept
so much yesterday that it was now impossible to feel too groggy, whether the sun was out or
not. That didn't mean he felt on the top of his game though, and the knowledge that his
reflexes were slower than normal made him panic, especially with the Chief so close.
“There’s a snowdrift up on their right side.” The Chief was saying, blue eyes narrowed, every
inch the predator. Zuko shivered, and not because of the cold. “Two of us will hide behind it
and wait to strike the first blow. I need three of you to sneak around them to stop them
running. Little Tom, Nan, Tulok, you three go.”
“Why am I being stuck with the kids?" Tulok asked, but he had the creeping smile of
someone who already knew the answer.
“Don’t make me say it, Tulok.” The Chief sighed, making Chena roar out a laugh that rattled
Zuko’s bones.
Chena slapped a hand to Tulok’s shoulder. “What’s it like being the shortest?" He asked, and
Tulok promptly punched him in the ribs, but he was laughing, which made no sense at all.
“I miss when Bato made the strategies.” Tulok said, and he – a grown man, a grown warrior
who had murdered a Fire Nation soldier without hesitation – actually pouted. “He wasn’t
sizeist.”
“That’s because he’s almost as short as you.” Nanook pointed out, and Tomkin snickered,
earning a withering glare from Tulok that made Zuko want to drag Tomkin behind him. But
Tulok didn’t strike out, instead shaking his head.
“Laughter from our shortest member? How bold."
Tomkin gasped, affronted. “I’m not the shortest! Not anymore, at least.” He drew himself up
proudly. “I'm taller than Zuko.”
Zuko was talking before he could stop himself, too accustomed to letting his guard down
around Tomkin and Nanook and forgetting the other warriors were present.
“Styling your hair to gain another inch does not make you taller than me."

Tomkin’s hands rushed to his hair self-consciously, and Nanook let out a snorting laugh that
would usually get him picked on by the other warriors. Usually, but not now, because for a
single moment, they stared at Zuko in a daze. Aput broke into a grin first.
“Look at that!" He said, slapping a hand to Zuko’s shoulder, an action Zuko had observed all
the warriors doing to one another, but none of them ever flinched as much as he did as he
completely froze up in Aput’s grip. “The little brat has a sense of humour!”
“Too long with Kanut, if you ask me.” The Chief chuckled. Zuko felt like the caribou-yak.
Finally, Tomkin, Nanook and Tulok gave a nod to the Chief, and the three walked off. Zuko
watched the two youngest Tribesmen leave, his innards twisting painfully. He was alone with
two warriors, one of which openly hated him, and the Chief, and the only two people here
who had ever tried to help him were leaving. At least Tulok was gone.
Zuko had to wonder if he would survive this hunting trip.
“Chena, Aput, you attack from the front here.” The Chief said, with a nod to the herd of
caribou-yak. “Me and His Highness will go to the snowdrift. No one attacks until I take the
first one down, you hear? Chena, I'm looking at you.”
The big warrior grinned a murderous grin under his Chief’s stare. Zuko still wasn’t used to
the casualness Chief Hakoda allowed from his warriors. The Firelord had punished men
simply for looking him in the eye too long before. Zuko could still hear their cried apologies.
The Chief was capable of cruel things, Zuko could tell, Zuko had heard it in his threats, but at
least he treated his men with compassion.
“Let’s do this.” Aput twirled his spear experimentally, the movement liquid and practised.
Zuko missed his dual swords.
"I’ll be happy if we take down three. That'll keep the village going for a good few weeks.”
The Chief said.
Chena nodded. “Four it is.”
The two large warriors walked away to take their position. Zuko was still in awe of what he
was witnessing. Hunting sounded nomadic and troglodytic, something for those desperate
enough to scrounge for food instead of buying it like normal. His entire life, Zuko’s food had
simply been presented him. He had never wanted, not even upon being banished. He realised
quickly that in the South Pole, everything was earned. If you wanted to eat, you hunted with
spears made by your own hand. But Zuko still hadn’t expected it to be so tactical. He felt like
he was in a war meeting, Father’s gold eyes on him. One mistake and he would be burnt.
And now, he was alone with the Chief.
“Let’s go, before Chena spooks the beasts.” The Chief said, pulling that mischievous smile he
usually pulled when he was joking, but he couldn’t be joking, because he was looking at no
one but Zuko. Confused, Zuko just gave a curt nod, waiting for the Chief to walk before

setting off at a pace behind him. Zuko’s sleepy mind snapped into survival mode, adrenaline
slowly seeping into his system. He didn’t feel tired anymore.
They only walked a few metres before the Chief flicked a look to his side, realising Zuko was
behind him. Where else would he be? Arrangements like this displayed who had the most
power, like how Zuko’s seat beside Father’s had always been lower down, like how the
servants never walked at Zuko’s side when they shadowed him.
“Why the slow pace, kid?”
The instinctive hissed response of “I’m not a kid” sizzled on Zuko’s tongue as he reminded
himself of who exactly he was with. Chief Hakoda was the leader of the Southern Water
Tribe warriors, the man in charge of Zuko’s life for as long as Zuko was his prisoner. Zuko
couldn’t just speak out against him.
But he already had. That first day in the South Pole, Zuko had done more than speak out.
He’d raised his voice, almost spilling exactly what he was thinking. And what had the Chief
done at this blatant showing of disrespect? Nothing.
When Zuko was first captured by the Water Tribe warriors, things were terrifying, but they
were clear. The men were ready and willing to kill him if he tried them. He couldn’t trust
anybody.
But now, the line in the sand had been smoothed over by the southern winds, and Zuko
suddenly had no idea where to step. He’d been told the warriors wouldn’t hurt him, and the
Chief only would if Zuko forced his hand. He had realised he could trust Kanut to an extent,
and he could relax around Tomkin and Nanook because they were harmless. He didn’t know
if he could trust the Chief. Chief Hakoda had allowed Zuko shelter and food and medicine
and he had trusted him with some semblance of freedom. These were not things prisoners
were usually allowed. But Chief Hakoda was the same man that, in a matter of days, would
hand Zuko to General Fong of the Earth Kingdom. But again, Chief Hakoda was the same
man who saved Zuko’s life on the deck of the Ullaakut.
Either the Chief had some genius plan behind all of this convolution, or he, like Zuko, had no
idea what to think anymore.
Whichever option it was, Zuko realised he was about to find out. Him and the Chief were
alone. Tomkin wasn’t here to interrupt this time, nor the warriors with their banter, and Kanut
was miles away from being able to help.
Zuko finally had to face the Chief, and he had to face him alone.
____
Hakoda had compiled a list of things he did and did not know about the Fire Prince.
He didn’t know why the Fire Prince was banished.
He didn’t know how many atrocities the Fire Prince had committed in his short life.

He didn’t know if being Fire Nation made the Fire Prince inherently evil.
He didn’t know if he could trust the Fire Prince.
These were things he told himself a Chief needed to consider in order to protect his people,
but it was difficult now Hakoda was sleeping in the tent Sokka and Katara grew up in,
because there was also a list of things he did know about the Fire Prince.
He knew the Fire Prince tried very hard to be honourable.
He knew the Fire Prince never led a raid in the South Pole.
He knew the Fire Prince was yet to tell him a lie.
He knew the Fire Prince flinched when people moved too quick.
And the final, most blood-chilling point on his list; he knew he wanted to trust the Fire
Prince.
“You know,” Hakoda started casually, walking slower so the kid could keep up easier,
missing Prince Zuko’s wide eyes when the two began walking side by side, “when Sokka
first came hunting, he walked just as slow as you. Pretty sure he tripped over, too. He says he
didn’t, but something had to have scared off those puffin-seals.” Hakoda chuckled at the
memory of his son’s determined blue eyes.
It was quiet for a second before Prince Zuko uttered an acknowledging; “Yes, sir.”
Hakoda rolled his eyes. "You don’t have to call me sir."
“Yes, Chief.”
The Prince was looking at him like he thought Hakoda was trying to catch him out. Hakoda
carried on patiently.
“Just call me Hakoda."
They reached the snowdrift before Prince Zuko could voice the horror that flashed in his eyes
at the suggestion of calling Hakoda by his real name. Hakoda would never understand the
Fire Nation’s obsession with formalities. Smirking, he dipped into a crouch. The Prince
hesitated before copying, his entire body rigid. With their blue and grey pelts, the two of
them blended into the pile of snow they hid behind, watching the oblivious caribou-yak
resting mere metres away. The sky was a dark grey above them and would only be light like
this for an hour or two; this was the only time of day they could hunt. Hakoda narrowed his
eyes on the animals, determined not to waste this opportunity. He could practically smell
tonight’s feast.
“We’ll give the others a few minutes to get in position. You ever hunted before?" Hakoda
asked, turning to the Fire Prince. No matter how many Water Tribe clothes Prince Zuko
borrowed, he always looked so jarringly Fire Nation. His pale skin the colour of the snow, his

hair blacker than coal, and those burning eyes. The sight no longer made Hakoda’s heart skip
an instinctive beat.
The Prince shook his head, before stuttering like he thought he’d annoyed Hakoda. “No, sirChief- Hakoda.”
Hakoda sighed a long, sad sigh, eyebrows creasing. He had so desperately wanted to avoid
this, wanted to believe his gut and Kanut’s opinions were wrong, wanted to stop pitying the
Prince of the Fire Nation, but he realised then, now it was just the two of them, that it wasn’t
in his nature to be so cold. That was a good thing, he knew that, but his life would have been
so much simpler if he could shut Prince Zuko out.
“You’re scared of me." Hakoda stared at the caribou-yak. It was a statement, not a question,
and something that deeply bothered him. He didn’t like the thought of people being scared of
him. He didn’t like the thought of a child being scared of him.
The Prince opened his mouth in shock, then closed it again, fear flashing in his eyes; a fish
out of water.
“I’ve done a lot of thinking these past two weeks.” Hakoda said steadily. “I’ve been telling
myself it was okay to threaten you and let the crew scare you and refuse to even remotely
help you, telling myself you were a prisoner and had done something awful to the people I
love, which meant I could be awful to you. Then when I found out you were innocent, I
continued to justify my actions by telling myself that, if the roles were reversed and I were a
prisoner of the Fire Nation, I would receive no mercy. I told myself, if that’s the case, why
should I offer you mercy? I was so busy caught up in the injustice of it, that I forgot myself.”
Hakoda turned to look at the Prince, unfaltering under his wide, gold gaze.
“I forgot that I'm Water Tribe, not Fire Nation. To Tui what they do to their prisoners, I am in
charge here. And whether you like it or not, you are a kid. I can’t keep up this tough act
anymore, Prince Zuko. Frankly, I've kept it up too long, and for that..." Hakoda took a deep
breath, “I am sorry.”
____
Apologies were for servants and honourless princes, not leaders. The words Chief Hakoda –
or just Hakoda as he insisted on being called – spoke were words he shouldn’t have even had
in his vocabulary. For a few moments, Zuko could only stare. The Chief was sorry. Sorry for
the threats, the cold-shoulder, the fear - all of it. He was right about the mercy of the Fire
Nation; had the roles been reversed, the Chief would have been killed by now. That was what
Zuko understood, it was all he knew, it was all he expected. Every day that passed with him
still breathing was more than he expected when he woke up in the morning. He had never
even dreamed of an apology.
He immediately assumed this was a lie, an act to lure him in or get him talking, but the Chief
had never really been interested in information unless it regarded his kids, and Zuko hadn’t
been uncooperative, so why the sudden games? The whole reason Zuko was being sent to the

Earth Kingdom was because they were more prepared to have him prisoner than the Water
Tribe, so why would the Chief only now start trying to toy with him?
But if the Chief wasn’t lying, that meant he was telling the truth, which was just as
unbelievable.
Zuko didn’t know where to start, so he said the first thing that came to mind.
“Zuko." He whispered, throat tight.
“Huh?” The Chief hadn’t expected that.
“Call me Zuko.” Zuko said, a little louder but not much braver. “I mean, if I'm not supposed
to call you Chief, I should hardly be a Prince. It doesn’t seem fair.”
The Chief- Hakoda nodded, his lips slowly pulling into a smile, that soon became a quiet
laugh. “’Fair’.” He repeated to himself, looking at Zuko like he was the most interesting
thing in the world.
“Let’s get ourselves some dinner, Zuko.” Hakoda said, and with a newly gained apology and
newly lost title, it sounded relaxed, casual, and Zuko couldn’t help but lean into it. How
could one sentence from a man previously thought to be so dangerous sound so safe?
With a painfully nervous nod, Zuko responded. “Okay... Hakoda.”
____
Hakoda watched the silhouettes of his men falling in place, gripping his spear, muscles
readying with the familiarity of it all. He knew how to throw this spear with enough force to
pierce flesh. But just as he got ready to strike down the first caribou-yak, Hakoda flicked a
glance to Zuko. Zuko, just Zuko. Not Prince Zuko. Not the Fire Prince. Not the enemy.
Taking up a position beside the Chief when hunting was symbolic. Zuko was in Sokka’s spot.
Hakoda had had to leave behind his son, abandoning any opportunity to teach him a thousand
different lessons he’d hoped to teach. Hakoda would never get these two years of his
children's lives back, he’d known that when he left for the war, he’d had to accept it. That
didn’t mean it didn’t hurt. But Zuko was in Sokka’s spot, and he’d never hunted before, and it
was such a basic thing that every man needed to know-.
“Here." Hakoda handed Zuko the spear before he could even register what he was doing.
Zuko looked at the weapon, then back up at the Chief. He always looked so certain that
everything was a trick. What had happened to this teenager to make him so untrusting?
“What do you want me to do with it?” Zuko asked slowly, pale fingers wrapping around the
spear, flexing, getting a feel for it.
“First, you gotta hold it right." Hakoda said, tapping his finger against the spear
appropriately. “The balance point is nearer the spearhead than that.”

Zuko still seemed very confused as to what was happening, but there was a curious glow in
his eyes as Hakoda discussed weaponry with him, and he moved his hand further along the
spear, looking up to Hakoda once he had to see if he was doing it right.
“There you go. You’re a natural.” Hakoda said with a grin. Zuko actually blushed.
“You know how to write?” Hakoda asked.
Zuko went to speak before hesitating, and then saying; “Yes.”
Hakoda knew what he had been about to say, the surprised of course about to roll from his
tongue. Hakoda knew the Southern Water Tribe were the only nation to not have a literary
tradition. A few of the villagers knew how to read after Kanna – who learnt in the Northern
Tribe where it was commonplace – taught them, but Kanut was the only one who bothered to
teach himself how to write. There had just never been any need for it. The villagers were
storytellers. Everything Hakoda learned was taught through tales and word of mouth. But
when Hakoda left for war and realised his duties as a Chief were different now, him and Bato
had learned to write from Kanut.
"Well, don’t grip the spear.” Hakoda said. “Hold it like you’re holding a brush, gentler than
that – exactly!”
Zuko was a quick learner, despite how foreign this all must be to him. He listened to what
Hakoda told him with none of the arrogance Hakoda expected from a Prince, altering his
form accordingly.
Hakoda was impressed, and when he said so much, Zuko ducked his head, hiding in his large
hood. It didn’t matter; Hakoda already saw his smile. It was less smug and more relieved.
“What now?” Zuko asked, almost excited. He really did have a knack for this.
“Now,” Hakoda turned to the herd of caribou-yak, “throw it.”
Zuko’s enjoyment disappeared faster than snow on a fire.
____
Zuko was actually impressing Hakoda, was actually doing something right. He got so caught
up in it all – the form, the weapon, the movement – that he forgot why they were here. But it
all came crashing down when Hakoda told him to throw the spear.
Zuko turned to the caribou-yak. The one closest to him was a huge, odd-looking beast, its
coat thick and brown and brushing the floor, its horns twisting to the sky. It didn’t look like
anything from home, and Zuko felt no resonance with the animal, but from here, he could see
its glassy eyes. It was just... resting. It wasn’t doing anything. It wasn’t attacking him.
Animals had always been so innocent to Zuko. In a palace that was trying to burn him to ash,
his one respite had been the turtleduck pond. Animals were peaceful, caring only about
surviving their simple days, not like humans.
“Is something wrong?” Hakoda asked, and Zuko blinked.

He had to kill this creature. The Chief was watching and Zuko had impressed him, but Zuko
knew just how quickly good favour could become bad. He had finally gotten out of Hakoda’s
bad grace and the thought of returning terrified him. And maybe there was a part of Zuko, a
part that twisted in its own familiarity, that wanted to impress the Chief. Zuko wasn’t a
firebending prodigy like Azula, so he’d always trained so hard with weapons, sweat sliding
over the handles of his dual swords, determined to impress Father, but he never showed to see
his son’s progress. Father had only ever been impressed once by Zuko, and even that was a
bored, millisecond of a glance. Perhaps, looking back, he had never been impressed, it was
just for that one moment as Zuko told him that he was dating Mai, that one moment as his leg
stung beneath the dinner table, hands shaking, that one moment Father wasn’t impressed, he
just wasn’t disgusted. Just for a moment.
And now, here was Chief Hakoda, a man who reminded Zuko so much of his father,
watching him, waiting.
Zuko wouldn’t waste this opportunity for a stupid caribou-yak.
He breathed through his mouth, holding the spear like Hakoda had taught him to, and lined
up the shot, closing his left eye and seeing the animal’s heart through its thick hide. He had to
do this. His chi surged uncertainly within him, but he eased it down, gripping the spear
tighter. His pai sho tile seemed to burn through his pocket. Zuko ignored it. Zuko ignored
everything. It was just him, the Chief, and the caribou-yak. The caribou-yak who Zuko swore
was looking right at him, that was part of its own herd, that was utterly defenceless.
Zuko's arm slumped, spear falling to his side. He stared at the floor, hollowed.
“I can’t do it.” He muttered, shame coursing through him. “I’m sorry.”
Part of him forgot Hakoda’s apology and his insistence that violence would only come when
absolutely necessary. Zuko was prepared to be struck. So when the Chief just frowned,
looking at him with... - was that concern? - Zuko didn’t know what to do.
“It’s just an animal, Zuko. We eat them every day.” Hakoda said logically, and Zuko knew
that. Of course he knew that. He wasn’t stupid. Eating meat wasn’t the problem, neither was
watching the warriors hunt, but there was something different in holding the spear, being the
thing that snatched away a life, something Zuko hadn’t expected, something Zuko was too
weak to fight.
“I’m sorry.” Zuko repeated, cheeks flushed from his own indignity. “It’s just an animal, but...
but it never did me any harm, and I just can’t-.” Zuko cut himself off. He knew how stupid he
sounded.
He never had been good enough.
____
The Fire Prince and Zuko were two different people in Hakoda’s mind. The Fire Prince had
hunted his children, raided the south, snarled at Hakoda from corners of his own ship as he
fought back with all of his might. But Zuko... Zuko was a boy who made Tomkin laugh and

got Nanook thinking. Zuko was the one who refused to kill an animal because it had never
done anything to him. Zuko liked sea squid soup and turned his head when Kanut made him
smile.
The Fire Prince was damned to blind obedience to his nation, but Zuko was, first and
foremost, a child. This was something Hakoda kept forgetting. He assumed the Fire Prince
had a body count, he assumed, next to that, hunting animals would be easy. He forgot that
Zuko was a boy, a boy who reeled away from violence while expecting it at every junction.
“You know, son,” Hakoda said, carefully plucking the spear from Zuko’s fingers, “that’s a
pretty honourable way of looking at things.”
Zuko’s eyes widened, his gaze snapping up to meet Hakoda’s. “You’re not annoyed?”
Hakoda scoffed. “Of course not, don’t worry yourself so much.”
The kid stared at Hakoda, and Hakoda kept himself relaxed as he smiled as reassuringly as he
could, before pushing all of his body weight into throwing his spear. The weapon soared,
Zuko looked away, and the caribou-yak fell down. The other warriors charged, and the hunt
began.
____
Just as Chena said, the Water Tribe warriors killed four caribou-yak, allowing the rest of the
herd to flee off into the icy land. Zuko had been fascinated watching the men hunt. It was so
planned out, so practised. None of the savagery he had expected.
They were now walking back to the village, dragging the four caribou-yak on strange pieces
of fabric. As heavy as the beasts looked, this method seemed to lighten the load considerably,
to the point the Tribesmen took turns dragging individual carcasses on their own. No one
asked Zuko or Tomkin to help. Part of Zuko almost wanted to complain and say he could
handle it, that he’d break his back dragging the animals if it proved he wasn’t weak, but he
didn’t want to question Hakoda’s authority again. Not after he’d been so lenient before.
“You did good today.” Hakoda said, appearing on Zuko’s left and making him almost jump
out of his skin. The Chief wiped sweat from his forehead with his sleeve, having just
swapped places with Nanook in dragging a caribou-yak.
“I didn’t do anything.” Zuko mumbled, enraged with himself, fingers clicking against his pai
sho tile.
“You shouldn’t mumble.” Hakoda said immediately, blinking a few times as if he wasn’t sure
where that came from. Zuko glared at the snow to keep from glaring at the Chief. They
walked in silence for a few minutes.
“Zuko?” Hakoda asked, tone different and making Zuko narrow his eyes at him.
"Hakoda.” Zuko responded simply, really wishing the Chief could have walked on his right
side. That familiar fuzz of paranoia was filling his vision, and everything was so grey beneath

the dark sky that it just blurred.
“Have you ever killed anybody?”
If the rest of the men weren’t so close to catching up to them both, Zuko might just have
stopped in his tracks, the sudden question ricocheting through him like a bolt of lightning.
His instinctive response was no, of course not. But that wasn’t true. Murder could be done
with more than a blade to the heart. Murder could be incompetence, cowardice.
“Yes." Zuko whispered, hand retreating from his pocket. His pai sho tile still had specks of
blood on it. He was too scared to wash them off.
Hakoda was looking at him strangely. “Are you talking about the man you mentioned a few
days ago, Lee?”
Zuko grit his teeth. “Yes.”
It went quiet again, Hakoda staring out at his frozen home, before he looked back down to
Zuko. “Do you want to tell me about it?”
Zuko didn’t know how to answer that. Did he want to tell Hakoda about Lee? Did he even
want to talk about Lee? It was Hakoda’s order, Hakoda’s men, that saw Lee die that day, and
yet, Zuko still struggled to place blame on the Water Tribe. If he hadn’t made them think they
were in danger, if he hadn’t threatened them, even by accident, then they never would have
lashed out. Hakoda made a logical call as a leader that day. Zuko didn’t.
“He was a soldier on the Erlong. Tulok killed him.” Zuko said, and he tried so desperately to
keep his tone monotonous, expression blank like he’d seen generals do in war meetings as
they discussed men who had been slaughtered because of them. Zuko used to think those
generals feigned heartlessness, that they went home to their families and shattered from guilt.
He realised growing up that those generals weren’t faking anything. They didn't care who had
to die to get them what they wanted. Before Lee, Zuko had envied them their coldness. He
had always cared too much; he was too soft. He couldn’t be a general, let alone a prince.
But now he had watched Lee die with his own two eyes, now he had found out it was all his
fault, he knew that the only thing that could make Lee’s death worse was if Zuko didn’t care.
After so long trying to be a perfect Fire Nation royal, heartlessness was one characteristic he
was suddenly grateful to lack.
The thought surprised him, and Zuko didn’t feel so bad about the caribou-yak anymore.
“If Tulok killed him,” Hakoda said, jarring Zuko back to reality, “then why are you blaming
yourself?”
“Because I was in charge, and I let my men down. I started a fight.” Zuko worked his jaw.
Even if they couldn’t hear him, the other warriors could see his face. He wouldn’t show
weakness. “It was an accident, but I still started it. If I'd been better, Lee never would have
had to fight Tulok, he never would have had the opportunity to lose.”

____
Hakoda was a leader. Leaders made decisions. He knew exactly the crushing responsibility
when those decisions turned out to be wrong. Bato's burn had kept him up at night for weeks
after it happened. He kept asking himself what he’d do if that serious burn had been even
more serious, fatal. What would he do if his best friend and Second died because of his order
to attack?
He hadn’t expected to see that familiar, ancient panic in Zuko’s golden eyes, and it made his
stomach roll within him. The weight of leadership was a debilitating one. The difference was
that Hakoda was a grown man who could handle that weight. Zuko was... not.
Hakoda thought carefully about his next words.
“Zuko, as someone in charge of other people’s lives, you have a responsibility.” Hakoda said,
feeling the weight of each word he uttered. “But in that, there’s also an understanding that, in
a war, not everyone can be saved. Your job is to protect the many, and you did that. You
ensured your crew surrendered successfully before you returned to the fight.”
Bato's wincing smile. Nanook recovering in the infirmary. Chena’s broken ribs. Every injury
inflicted upon his men was an injury inflicted upon Hakoda, even to the smallest scrapes.
He'd ask himself if he could have prevented them, if he could have done something
differently. It was only natural. At the end of the day, he knew there was only so much he
could do as a Chief, and so long as he acted with his heart and mind both, he couldn’t go too
far wrong.
When he first met the Fire Prince, Hakoda assumed he thought only with his mind. Now,
Hakoda knew Zuko thought only with his heart. That was the problem.
____
When Tomkin and Nanook tried to tell Zuko that Lee’s death wasn’t his fault, Zuko had felt
touched, but he didn’t feel better. He felt that again now, the words your job is to protect the
many echoing in his mind. Not the few, left unspoken. Zuko was beginning to understand that
Hakoda was the kind of leader that did care about the few, but he understood what the Chief
was trying to say.
As leaders, they lost the privilege to save everyone.
And the logic was there and Zuko almost felt satisfied with that response, but he wasn’t a
leader. Not really. He was just a banished prince, a stupid teenager. And even after hearing
what Hakoda had to say, the flashing memory of Lee’s death still made Zuko come close to
keeling over in the snow, whether the warriors were watching him or not. Agni, how could a
memory physically hurt so much?
That evening, Zuko stuck around to watch the dances instead of slinking off to his tent. The
women moved in ways he didn’t understand, ankles twisting and arms reaching to the moon,
the men’s heavy feet stomping in time with the drums. Zuko remembered his djembe drum. It

reminded him of Lee and Mother and Uncle, and it sank with the Erlong. Zuko had always
tried not to be sentimental, but there was something heart-breaking in that.
“Then I said; No, Fire Lord Ozai, your earrings are on backwards.” Tomkin finished, and the
entire village burst out laughing, minus Zuko. Zuko had never thought of himself as funny,
but he certainly didn’t think he was particularly unfunny until Tomkin and Nanook began
competing for who had the best jokes. Zuko had never been more confused in his life.
Just as Zuko had been scowling in his attempt to figure out this latest punchline, a hand
swooped down from his left. Zuko startled. Hard. He looked up to see Chena walking past, an
evil grin on his face as he snatched a chunk of surprisingly tasty caribou-yak meat from
Zuko’s plate. Zuko scowled harder at the big warrior, but didn’t say anything. He knew now
that was just what happened in the Southern Water Tribe, even if Chena shared food more
aggressively than others.
The topic of conversation turned to one time Hakoda and another guy called Bato convinced
Kanna they were a water spirit.
“Who looks at an octopus and thinks to put it on their head and make spooky noises
anyway?” Kanna grumbled, but she seemed amused when the warriors laughed heartily.
“Hakoda.” A few of them said in unison.
“Technically, Bato made the spooky noises.” Hakoda pointed out with a smile. Everyone was
so relaxed, so happy. They weren’t a group of warriors convening with their Chief. They
were... a group of friends, their spirits lifted by today’s successful hunt.
“Where was your babysitter while this was happening?” Aput asked, sloshing rum around his
third goblet tonight.
“I was actually being productive.” Kanut said, seemingly accustomed to being referred to as
Hakoda and Bato’s babysitter.
“Reading isn’t productive!” Hakoda argued with the passion of this being a debate the pair
had had for many years. “It’s a hobby!”
“A productive hobby!”
“Is not!”
“Is too!”
“Don’t make me come over there, boys.” Kanna warned, a motherly berating that made Zuko
shiver. Hakoda and Kanut, sat on the opposite side of the fire to her, made ’ooo’ noises while
waggling their fingers at one another, like, well... like kids.
“Did you like my joke about your dad’s earrings?” Tomkin asked eagerly, turning to Zuko
and Nanook as the adults’ conversation got louder and louder.
“No.” Zuko said simply, taking one of Tomkin’s kale cookies to prove his point.

“Can you confirm the Fire Lord does not wear earrings?” Nanook asked with a raised
eyebrow.
“Of course he doesn’t!” Zuko said, bewildered. If his father heard this conversation, they’d
be executed, and every suddenly rigid muscle in his body was aware of that fact.
“But can you confirm that? With complete certainty?” Nanook pressed, his lips about to
twitch into a smile.
He was joking with him, and Zuko was hundreds of miles away from his father, and jokes
weren’t serious so maybe it wouldn’t be terrible if he humoured it... just a little.
Zuko relaxed his muscles and deadpanned. “What Fire Lord Ozai does in his spare time is no
business of mine.”
Nanook’s mouth fell open in delight, a moment of hesitation passing, before Tomkin leapt to
his feet fast enough to spill his food.
“Zuko made a joke! We made Zuko make a joke!” He yelled for the whole village to hear,
punching the air and then high-fiving Nanook like this was something they’d been working
on for weeks, laughing loudly.
Zuko blushed bright red. “Shut up.” He hissed, but the other warriors were already looking
and they were... cheering?
This was ridiculous. And it got worse. Tomkin sat down, beaming, and promptly grabbed
Zuko in a headlock, grinding his knuckles into Zuko’s head in an action that was surprisingly
less painful than what Zuko had expected. Nonetheless, Zuko had expected pain and acted
instinctively. He was in a headlock for less than a second before his hands pushed Tomkin’s
chest. Hard. The boy tumbled off the log they were sat on, falling in a heap in the snow.
The surprises kept coming, the ridiculousness of the situation intensifying, because Tomkin
just looked so stupid, and everyone else was in such a good mood, and before he could clamp
his mouth shut, Zuko was laughing.
It was a quick thing, stopped by his own hand covering his mouth, a steady blush creeping up
his neck.
“You little shit!" Tomkin grinned, sitting back up, but there was something glowing in his sky
blue eyes, something overjoyed that made Zuko’s heart skip. For a moment, he was in the fire
lily fields. Zuko hadn’t thought of them in years, and shook his head quickly.
He looked at Tomkin and Nanook. There was a comradery here that Zuko had never had
before. He’d watched the pair and known what they had was friendship, but for the first time,
he felt like he was actually privy to it. It was stupid and suicidal and... and nice. And he
wanted more. He wanted to keep it.
“So the Brooding Prince has been replaced by the Grevious Bodily Harm Prince.” Nanook
said with a grin. “Noted.”

“I do not brood. And it wasn’t grievous.” Zuko said, making Nanook chuckle.
“You invented brooding, Your Highness." Tomkin cackled. “Remember when we first met
him, Nan? Spirits, I thought you were trying to set me on fire by glaring.”
“He did think that.” Nanook confirmed. "I mean genuinely. He thought it was something
firebenders could do."
“What was I supposed to do, not glare?” Zuko asked, remembering when these two were
strangers to him, threats to him.
“Yes!” Tomkin cried, and Zuko had to physically restrain a second laugh. What was
happening to him?
“You stole my swords!” Zuko responded, almost braving the same volume as Tomkin.
“Aha!” Tomkin pointed like he’d caught Zuko out. “So you were annoyed about that!”
“Not annoyed,” Nanook corrected calmly, an evil smile on his lips, “brooding.”
“I do not brood!”
Zuko shook his head as the two boys erupted into hysterics, Tomkin almost falling off the log
a second time. He refused to laugh with them, but he wasn’t strong enough to keep the smile
from his lips. It was all so innocent.
“Okay, Mr Doesn’t-Brood, what’s up with that scar on your face then? It makes you look like
you’re brooding even when you’re not.” Tomkin was still grinning, but Zuko felt everything
in him turn cold. This was no longer innocent. Tomkin had made sure of that. Not on
purpose, but he’d walked blindly into a subject that Zuko didn’t want walked in on.
Zuko’s discomfort, his sudden rigidness, his sudden lack of breathing, went unnoticed by
even the ever observant Nanook, because he just smiled at him.
“That’s a good point. You never told us how you got that. My money’s on you running with
fire as a kid.” Nanook said, shovelling food in his face as he talked, like this was a casual
conversation.
“Fuck that.” Tomkin said. “I’m still sticking with training accident. Either way, Broody
McBroodface definitely did it to himself.” He laughed, elbowing Zuko lightly.
It was enough to jostle him back to reality, the constant loop of fire and begging for
forgiveness pausing in Zuko’s mind a moment. Just a moment. Just long enough for him to
grit out; “I don’t want to talk about it.”
But it was dark now, even for the South Pole, and the fire showed only shadows of Zuko’s
face, and the other warriors spoke so loudly that the nuances of his tone were lost on the
boys. They didn’t realise what they were doing. They kept going.

“Oh, he definitely did it to himself!” Tomkin pointed with a laugh. Zuko could only stare into
the fire and pray to Agni he didn’t accidentally burn the village down, but his heart was
beating so fast. For your disrespect, you will stand trial before Agni. And Zuko had looked at
the old general, had known he could take him, and declared he was unafraid.
“It's gotta be embarrassing if he’s getting defensive.”
Please Father, I only had the Fire Nation’s best interests at heart. I'm sorry I spoke out of
turn. His own words, a pathetic beg that made him cringe to look back on. No wonder his
father had been so angry. But Zuko had also been terrified, and confused, and... and thirteen.
It didn’t matter now.
“Hey, Zuko? We're only messing around.”
“It’s not actually from something serious... right?”
Zuko could feel every flame of the campfire before him, every crackle and burst of heat. You
will fight for your honour. The warriors carried on eating and drinking and laughing, a crowd
pretending not to see him. I meant you no disrespect. He'd knelt so low it hurt his knees, nose
to the floor. I am your loyal son.
“Stop.” Zuko growled, Nanook and Tomkin’s stares feeling miles away. He wasn’t in the
South Pole anymore. He was in that Agni Kai. What terrified him most was that, if he was
put in that position again three years later, now sixteen years old, he would have no idea what
to do differently. Would he stay silent and leave those young soldiers to their fate? Would he
speak out and find a way to placate his father? Was there a way to placate his father? Rise and
fight, Prince Zuko. That had been an order. I won’t fight you. And that had been a defiance.
Looking back, some part of Zuko knew there was nothing he could have done to make things
go differently that day, and that terrified him more than anything.
Tomkin was on his left, was reaching for him, a hand coming close to his face.
You will learn respect, Zuko had looked up to see his father, turned to see Tomkin’s
outstretched hand, and suffering will be your teacher.
And everything was fire and he couldn’t let it burn him, not again, so he grabbed it and
pushed it away with all his might. He heard a scream, then yells, felt someone dragging him
back painfully, let his own body turn limp in their grip. It took a few seconds for the village
to swim back into his view, but the scene before him was not one he recognised.
All of the warriors were on their feet, the campfire extinguished to the bare embers, throwing
everything into an eerie orange glow. Zuko was being held in place by Chena and Kanut,
Chena’s grip twisting his arm a centimetre away from snapping the bone, Kanut’s eyes on
him wide and... and horrified. Blatantly, irrevocably horrified. He didn’t want to look, but
Zuko slowly slid his gaze to the others.

Nanook had stumbled to the side, sat in the snow, face frozen in shock as he stared at the
charred log he’d been sat on moments before. The other warriors were gathered nearby, and
there lay Tomkin. He was sat up, those spring eyes watery and so clearly in pain as he
cradled his arm, hands shaking. Kanna held him by the shoulder, Aput and Tulok asking him
over and over if he was okay. Tomkin insisted each time that he was, but Zuko wasn’t blind.
He saw the blackened hole in Tomkin’s shirt, his once smooth brown skin charred and
blistered and peeling, scorched a horrific red colour. Blood oozed out lazily, and his breathing
was spluttered, pained.
Zuko had burned him.
Chief Hakoda began to walk towards Zuko, and in his eyes was nothing but unforgiving ice.

Chapter End Notes

see u monday my sweet summer children. get therapy beforehand because chapter 10
is.... well you’ll see :)

Chapter 10: i. Ashes To Ashes
Chapter Notes

FANART!! THERE'S MORE!!! AND IT'S BRILLIANT!!!!! Here u go because
everyone needs to see these actual masterpieces.
KANART
everyone's fav fire brat - (follow the artist's ig @farah.drawz)
tom nook being bastards

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There was chaos, a blur of Tomkin’s shaking I'm alright, I'm alright combined with the
warriors’ desperate demands of what happened? Chaos and panic and horror and... and then
the Chief took a step towards Zuko, and everything silenced. With each step closer Hakoda
took, Zuko felt sparks in his veins, and suddenly, he was taming an entire forest fire all by
himself. But what surprised him most was that Zuko didn’t care. His own damnation was
walking towards him, and still, all he could look at was Tomkin.
“It’s alright.” Tomkin said softly, eyes on Zuko. "That was my fault, not yours. It's alright.
I'm alright."
“I’m so sorry.” Zuko whispered, finally looking down at his own two hands. They were
trembling at his sides, they had grabbed the campfire everyone else had made a home around
and thrown it at a boy he considered almost a friend only minutes before. What was wrong
with him?
“Chena, ease up.” Kanut said slowly from Zuko’s right.
“No.” Chena growled, and it was only then that Zuko registered they were referring to him.
He blinked and noticed his arm was held at his side in an iron grip, twisted in the suddenness
of it all, and it hurt. The kind of hurt that Zuko knew to be a lesson.
“You’re the healer, you should be over there.” Chena said, anger in his grey eyes as he looked
at Kanut, fingers digging deeper into Zuko’s skin.
“Not until I know you won’t hurt him.” Kanut said. He was... helping him. And he was so
determined. He'd just watched Zuko attack Tomkin, and still, he was right there by his side.
Chena and Kanut were about to get in an argument, but both of them silenced when Chief
Hakoda stopped in front of them, his body acting as a shield between Zuko and Tomkin.

“Prince Zuko, come with me.” The Chief said, and he called him Prince, and his voice
sounded like an ocean readying to drown. Zuko suddenly remembered to be afraid of the
Chief, and with that, everything slammed into him. His heart began to pound, his breathing
becoming choppy, hard, unnatural.
“Please, Chief. I'm fine. It was my fault. It's barely a burn.” Tomkin insisted, and he sounded
like he was begging, begging for mercy just as Zuko had in the Agni Kai. But Tomkin wasn’t
begging for himself, and when Hakoda flicked a level look to first Chena, who slowly
unclasped himself from Zuko, and then Kanut, who inexplicably refused to leave his side,
before turning and walking to his tent, Zuko knew he had no choice but to go with him.
Zuko followed. He saw Tomkin try and get up with a yell of complaint, only to be held back
by Aput. He saw Nanook staring after him. He saw Kanut, the war on his face easy to read.
He wanted to stay with Zuko, he wanted to make sure he was okay. Zuko knew this. He
didn’t know why, but he knew this. He settled for nodding firmly at Zuko, refusing to look
away. An acknowledgement, a silent but fierce shield. Zuko nodded back. Kanut trusted
Hakoda. For a little while, Zuko had too.
Hakoda wasn’t Ozai.
But the moment the tent flap fell closed behind them, leaving Zuko completely, utterly alone
with the Chief, Zuko broke. Hakoda wasn’t Ozai, but that didn’t matter.
“I’m so sorry.” Zuko breathed, his entire body shaking as the Chief took a seat on one of the
floor pillows, lighting the fire after a second of deliberation. “I’m so sorry. I should be
better.” Zuko continued, the words like a practised prayer, like a eulogy. “I should have more
control. I don’t know what came over me. I'm so sorry. I... I'll keep working, I swear I can be
useful. I'm sorry-.”
Zuko couldn’t breathe and there was no bowsprit to flee to this time. He felt like claws had
grasped his lungs and were squeezing them, he could feel them suck in shallow breath after
shallow breath, the muggy air of the tent choking him. He had firebended. That was it. There
was no way around it, no glossing, no justification. Tomkin had been teasing and in return,
Zuko tried to set him on fire.
Zuko buried the butts of his palms into his eyes, hissing air through his teeth. He couldn’t see
Hakoda now, which meant he couldn’t see if Hakoda was going to strike out at him, but there
was no way he wouldn’t strike out at him. It was a certainty and Zuko knew it was coming
and he wasn’t brave enough to watch it happen because last time he watched it happen he
almost lost an eye-.
“I’m not going to hurt you, Zuko.” Hakoda said, and Zuko jumped because he was closer
than before, which meant he wasn’t sat down anymore, which meant he was advancing.
Suddenly, there were hands on his elbows, gently pulling like he was trying to uncover
Zuko’s eyes. Zuko couldn’t watch it happen. He had enough nightmares about the Agni Kai,
watching his father cup his face, thinking for a blind moment that he was going to wipe his
tears and forgive him, only instead for his hand to ignite and every nerve in him to shriek in
agony-.

“I’m so sorry." Zuko mumbled, and he repeated it again and again, because three years later
and he still didn’t know how he should have done the Agni Kai differently and he didn’t
know how to fix this and he was sorry. And he was terrified.
Fabric moving, hands releasing from his elbows, the large form before him getting closer,
about to strike, about to teach-.
When Hakoda’s big arms grabbed Zuko and wrapped him in a hug, Zuko froze, shocked
enough for his hands to fall from his eyes and let him see that he truly wasn’t hallucinating.
The sudden sturdiness of the Chief, his steady breathing, his warmth, his heart thudding
against Zuko’s scarred cheek – it was all real, and Zuko almost collapsed against it. Relief
struck him. Relief so strong, so palpable, that his body couldn’t handle so much of it at once.
His knees buckled and Hakoda slowly lowered them both to the floor, and Zuko didn’t know
what was happening but the Chief hadn’t hurt him, and Zuko buried his face in Hakoda’s
shirt and it smelt like salt and sweat and he was okay.
“Easy, kid. You're safe here.” Hakoda breathed, his arms tightening ever so slightly. “I told
you I wouldn’t hurt you, Zuko.” Hakoda said, each word vibrating through him as Zuko
desperately tried to catch his breath. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
Zuko hadn’t realised how long he’d waited to hear those words. They unseamed him, a gasp
of air finally filling his lungs entirely. When he started to cry, he didn’t know how to stop it,
so he clutched at Hakoda's shirt and let himself unravel in the Chief’s firm grip. It was just
the right kind of firm. Firm enough to hold each part of him together as he shattered.
____
Hakoda swore the boy was safe here and he was suddenly willing to fight another war just to
prove it. He had seen the fractures of Zuko’s composure, seen the wrinkles in the smooth
front of a prince. He knew the boy couldn’t lie and he knew the boy flinched when he moved
too fast and he knew the boy had expected Hakoda to hurt him, but this time he didn’t run.
Not out of trust, but out of respect. A respect he hadn’t had for Hakoda back on the Ullaakut
when he dashed to the bowsprit. Zuko’s idea of respect was allowing himself to be hurt. It
was the only way he knew how to give it. He rooted his stance, shielded his face, and waited
for something he thought was inevitable. And suddenly, it wasn’t fractures and wrinkles.
Hakoda was watching an entire façade shatter, and he realised how deep this pain ran.
Someone had broken this boy, over and over again. He was a child and he was traumatised by
something. His nation hadn’t defended him, no one had, so Hakoda would. If it killed him, he
would defend this kid. Because Zuko was so stubborn, and he worked so damn hard, and
when Hakoda told him he was impressed, the kid lit up, and he was just another victim of the
Fire Nation. Just like Hakoda, just like the crew of the Ullaakut.
And Tomkin was right about one thing; Hakoda hadn’t realised how warm firebenders were.
He was sat on the floor, holding Zuko against him, muttering soft reassurances in the kid’s
ear and pretending he didn’t realise Zuko was crying. He just smoothed his thumb over the
kid’s back, and felt the area where Zuko’s head rested, right over his heart, surge with
warmth.

“I just want to go home.” Zuko croaked, voice shaking. How long had this teenager kept all
of this terror and agony pent up? For the few weeks Hakoda had known him, or for years
longer? Hatred for the Fire Nation festered in Hakoda's veins. Zuko was just a kid. An
innocent, temperamental, infuriating kid, and they had broken him. More tears tracked down
Zuko’s face that he desperately tried to hide deeper in Hakoda’s furs. “That’s all I ever
wanted. That's all I needed from the Avatar.”
Home, of course he wanted to go home. The lines had blurred so much, but Zuko was still a
prisoner here. And home suddenly sounded so dangerous, a place children were sent to burn.
If Hakoda had to keep Zuko prisoner to keep him safe, then he would. Zuko was staying by
his side until he figured something out.
“What’s back home that you miss so much?” Hakoda asked quietly.
Zuko finally took a deep breath, finally pushed himself away like Hakoda was the one
grasping at him like a lifeline. The Prince’s golden eyes were red-rimmed, cheeks damp even
after he rubbed his sleeve down his face.
“What do you mean?" Zuko asked as they both settled around the fire.
“You miss home, but why?” Hakoda kept his tone easy.
It was a peculiar question on the surface. It was also the exact question Kanna asked a
twelve-year-old Kanut when he yelled at her to stop driving a wedge between him and his
father, yelled that he wanted to go home and he wanted her to stop interfering. When boiled
down to its essence, home was just a concept. Most people were lucky, like Hakoda, and their
concept of home was safety, warmth, love. But there were some who only ever missed home
because everyone else expected them to miss home. It was a societal thing, ignorance pushing
terrified children back to relatives they owed nothing to, but thought they did. Most of the
time, these children never even thought to question home.
“What do you miss, Zuko?” Hakoda asked, harder this time.
And the boy just stared and stared, and Hakoda hoped that maybe it was dawning on him
that, if he couldn’t think of something he missed, perhaps he didn’t miss it at all.
“I need to regain my honour." Zuko finally said. “I need to prove to Father that I'm not
useless. I need to be a prince to my people. I need to train more. I need to-.”
“But what do you miss?”
Zuko blinked, before slowly realising the question. “My mother.”
How two words could decimate Hakoda quicker than any raid or attack he’d lived through
was beyond him. The boy with half his face burnt off and a father who banished him on a
fool’s mission at only thirteen was not a soldier, or a threat, or even an enemy. He was a boy
who missed his mother.

“Is she in the Fire Nation?” Hakoda asked, trying to remember everything he’d learned about
the royal family in his time as Chief. The name Ursa came to mind, a silent face in portraits,
but he swore he hadn’t heard talk of her in years.
“No." Zuko said roughly, shaking his head. "No one knows where she is. She left when I was
eleven. Azula thinks she’s dead. I don’t."
Tui and La, had this kid ever caught a break? A father who banished him, a mother who
abandoned him. But at least Zuko was finally talking. Hakoda didn’t care if he was exploiting
the kid’s moment of weakness; he needed answers. And to his surprise, he needed answers to
help Zuko. Locking everything within him was going to kill Zuko one day, a dam that would
drown him when it flooded. He needed to vent, he needed to yell and be angry and let
everything out like a normal teenager.
“What else do you miss?” Hakoda pushed again.
Zuko's voice raised ever so slightly, the minutest tremble, impatient with Hakoda’s questions
that he didn’t understand. He would understand soon. They were so close. "I miss..." He
growled. “I miss my uncle.”
Hakoda nodded. “And is he in the Fire Nation?”
“Well, no." Zuko admitted. “He was with me on the Erlong. He left with Lieutenant Jee, back
in the Earth Kingdom.”
“What else do you miss, Zuko?”
“I don’t know what you want me to say.”
“Just tell me what you miss so much about home."
“I don’t know!" Zuko finally snapped, the fire flaring slightly to Hakoda’s side, the boy’s
chest rising and falling, and there was that flash of panic as he expected Hakoda to lash out,
that undeniable relief when Hakoda didn’t.
“You didn’t say your father.” Hakoda said quietly, and Zuko paled. “You didn’t say anything
that actually had anything to do with your home. So tell me, Zuko, do you really want to go
home? Or have you just said that so many times now that you’ve convinced yourself you
mean it?”
Understanding filled Zuko’s eyes as he finally realised the point of Hakoda’s tactical
badgering, and then shame as he realised he couldn’t think of more than two good things for
him in the Fire Nation, and the two he could think of weren’t even in the Fire Nation.
“So what? You want me to live my life as your prisoner? Or just bide my time until you hand
me over to General Fong? Then what, Hakoda?" Zuko hissed, and the words were biting,
because Zuko was now asking questions that Hakoda himself was struggling to answer.
Fong was an alliance. It would bruise to lose him, but Hakoda could make new alliances. The
crew had taken a liking to the Fire Prince, whether they were ready to admit that or not, and

Tomkin had already been dropping hints along the lines of ‘if anything bad happens to Zuko
in the Earth Kingdom, I'm going to knock Tulok out and sail us straight to Zuko’s rescue’,
aided by a firm nod from Nanook, which meant a lot seeing as Nanook usually followed up
Tomkin’s ridiculousness with an exhausted ‘shut up’. Hakoda knew if he told the crew today
that Zuko was staying, they wouldn’t argue, except Chena, but even Chena had begun to
reluctantly admit that Zuko was, undeniably, a child.
But what did Zuko want? Because it mattered what he wanted, whether Zuko realised that or
not. And what about what happened outside? Zuko was dangerous. Not in the way Hakoda
had first assumed that day when their worlds collided, but dangerous all the same, to himself
more than anyone. Hakoda barely knew anything about the kid. He kept everything behind
industrial walls that put the rings of Ba Sing Se to shame.
“I won’t waste time planning for the future if you have no intention of trusting me, Zuko."
Hakoda said, and the boy flinched, confusion filling him. He didn’t know what Hakoda was
getting at, and that made him panic.
"You want to tell me what happened outside?” Hakoda asked, and Zuko connected the dots,
realised Hakoda wasn’t going to just forget his performance by the campfire, and he seemed
to realise something else too, something Hakoda had just realised.
Hakoda had decided to trust Zuko, back when they were hunting and the boy refused to kill.
At the time, trust was a broad thing, because trust had always been so simple to Hakoda.
Trust had not been simple to Zuko, had not been kind to Zuko. Behind the snowdrift, Hakoda
had only trusted a fraction of this boy. He’d underestimated the depth of this, trusting the
distinction between Fire Prince and Zuko without realising there was more to it.
Now, Hakoda was asking for the rest, was asking for Zuko to brave reaching forward a hand,
brave touching the flames and seeing if just once they chose not to burn.
Zuko nodded once, and Hakoda held his breath.
“They just kept asking, and I couldn’t stop thinking about it-.” Zuko hissed, almost bruising
himself with the anger with which he swiped his still red eyes.
“About what?” Hakoda kept his voice soft and body still, no increases in octaves and no
sudden movements. He was quickly realising that what happened outside might have been a
little more than a pent-up teen finally releasing his frustrations, and he knew that Zuko telling
him this story meant a lot more than what it seemed.
The kid swallowed. “They wanted to know how I got my scar.”
Hakoda realised all too late that the scar the crew had hypothesised and even joked about for
weeks was actually caused by something serious. He should have at least considered that
before now; he knew that. A scar that bad would have been agonising, and Kanut said it was
years old. But how could it possibly have been caused by something serious? What could
possibly have led to a facial burn of that magnitude if not an accident?

The realisation hit Hakoda. Zuko’s defensiveness, I couldn’t stop thinking about it, how he
never brought it up despite its glaring obviousness. Back on the Ullaakut, the boy had said it
was his fault. Hakoda believed him. That was his first mistake.
“Zuko,” Hakoda started, heart in his mouth, “did somebody hurt you?”
His gold eyes flicked up to meet Hakoda’s blue own, and in them held the answer Hakoda
feared.
“It was my fault.” Zuko whispered, trying to make it sound like a hiss, trying to regain some
of that ridiculous Fire Nation pride. “It was to teach me a lesson.”
Flinching. Fear of raised voices. Distrust of any adult male. The signs had all been there.
They had been right in front of Hakoda this entire time. Hakoda remembered some of the
things he said to Zuko in the beginning, some of the things he did. How much damage had he
done? How hard had he pressed on already existing bruises? And he had wondered why the
kid responded so frantically to his temper, why actions most would consider slightly forceful
were taken as highly triggering by Zuko.
Somebody did this to Zuko. Somebody took a hand to him. Somebody burned him. Was it
during his banishment? Perhaps that Admiral Zhao he hated so much? Or some other
firebender spurred by Zuko’s antagonism? Hakoda’s heart was thundering in his chest, anger
and devastation filling his every nerve, and it boiled down to one instinct. An instinct born
when Kya first handed him the bundle that had been Sokka, an instinct that grew as he stared
into little Katara’s wondrous eyes, an instinct that had been dormant for two years and now
awoke with a protective growl.
“What happened?” Hakoda asked, and he had to let his words come out as a breath, because
if he didn’t, they’d be snappy, and Zuko would think his anger was aimed at him, because
Zuko didn’t see how wrong this all was.
“It was a duel, an Agni Kai.” Zuko said quietly, and Hakoda had heard of Agni Kai. Battles
to settle disputes between firebenders, ending when one combatant burnt the other, almost
always turned into public spectacles, enjoyed by a crowd. Apparently, firebenders hinged
their honour on these duels.
“I’d been in a war meeting the day before, my first one. Uncle told me not to say anything, to
just observe, but then one of the generals brought up the 41st division, a fleet of new recruits.
He wanted to use them as bait. Fresh meat, he called them.” Zuko growled, hatred curling
from his words, but just as quickly as it had been there, he blinked and sat up straighter. “It
doesn’t justify anything. He was an esteemed general. It was disrespectful for me to argue
with him, but... but I did anyway.”
Zuko was telling half a story, swept away by his own memories, but Hakoda wasn’t cruel
enough to nail him down on the details when he could fill in the blanks well enough.
“And it led to an Agni Kai?” Hakoda asked, wondering what kind of esteemed general
duelled a child.

"I thought I'd be fighting General Bujing, because he was the one I spoke out against, but I
spoke out against him in Father’s war room, so when the gong sounded,” Zuko’s stare was
relentless, “it was my father I was facing.”
Last year, Hakoda had been bitten by a beaked-jelly-snake, a highly poisonous, aquatic
creature that saw him spend two weeks in the infirmary. The poison caused hallucinations,
fever, and if it had been a higher concentration, Kanut had told him, he could easily have
died. That wasn’t the worst of it though, because one thing caused by the beaked-jelly-snake's
poison was agony. For two weeks, Hakoda had writhed in bed, every inch of his skin feeling
like it was being set on fire, every nerve being stabbed over and over and over again. It was
the most painful thing he’d ever endured. He'd never felt anything like it.
This was worse.
The words it was my father I was facing wrapped around Hakoda’s throat and choked him,
the rest of what must have happened playing out in Hakoda’s mind now he knew the truth.
His heart thrashed, crying out in pain and denial that no, that couldn’t be right, that was too
horrible to be right. But the signs had been right in front of Hakoda this entire time.
Hakoda hadn’t thought he could possibly hate the Fire Lord more. Now, he wanted to grab
the man by the neck and twist.
“You duelled your father." Hakoda managed to utter, the words slicing at him. “You lost.”
Zuko shook his head. “I refused to fight.”
Oh.
Oh, of course he did. Oh, why was that worse? Because it was Zuko. Not some cruel soldier
or heartless general or Fire Lord, but Zuko. And Zuko was a child who wanted to impress his
father, who refused to fight and was tortured in turn.
“I begged.” Zuko muttered, disgusted with himself, like his actions had been at fault that day.
“I begged like a peasant, a servant, a coward. He told me to fight for my honour and I was too
weak to even try. He burned me, and the next day I woke up on the Erlong, banished.”
Hakoda didn’t miss the implication that, if Zuko woke up the next day, he must have passed
out from the pain. Hakoda remembered watching Zuko firebend on the deck during his first
escape. He’d wondered how it was possible for someone to hold fire without being burnt.
How hard had his father pressed? Had Zuko used his bending to stop the burn, and his father
overpowered him? Or did he allow himself to be burnt in a sick appeasement? Which one
was worse? Hakoda remembered taking Zuko to Kanut that first time, wondering if Fire
Nation royals were immune to pain because the boy simply refused to break, how he
ultimately collapsed from it. Zuko's pain threshold was off the charts, and the person who
pushed it to be like that was his own father.
Hakoda levelled his gaze and pushed back his shoulders. When he spoke, he finally spoke
properly, spoke to be heard, voice soft and insistent.

“There was nothing you could have done.”
Zuko blinked at him, golden eyes glassy. “What?” He whispered, but there was something
being pushed at within him, and he knew it, because fear flashed in his eyes.
“There was nothing you could have done.” Hakoda repeated. Zuko shook his head.
“Don’t. Don't do that. Please don’t do that.” He struggled to his feet, taking a step back from
Hakoda. His voice was shaking. His hands were shaking. He was shaking.
“There was nothing you could have done, Zuko.” Hakoda stood, shadowing the retreating
boy until he had nowhere else to go. He placed his hands to Zuko’s shoulders and the shaking
stopped. “You did your best-.”
“Hakoda, please stop it-”
“- but there was nothing you could have done.” And then Hakoda moved. He moved first his
right hand, and then followed with his left when the panic induced by Hakoda’s movement
left the boy’s eyes, and Hakoda held Zuko’s face. He was warm and Hakoda could feel how
his breathing trembled and his cheeks were still wet and there were tears now slipping over
Hakoda’s fingers, and the skin beneath his left hand was ragged and ruined, a terrain Hakoda
had never navigated. Hakoda realised with a shaking breath that if he moved his hand to
cover Zuko’s eye, it would fit perfectly over his scar.
“Zuko,” Hakoda said, tone forceful, his own eyes threatening to spill, hands holding the boy
so he had no choice but to look and hear Hakoda’s words, “there was nothing you could have
done, because it wasn’t your fault.”
Hakoda had been pushing at something deep and toiling within Zuko, but at that, it finally
crumbled, giving way at the foundations. Zuko choked out a strangled cry, a cry of
exhaustion, a cry of desperation, a cry of anguish. He let his head fall forward, forehead to
the dip of Hakoda’s neck, and this time, when Hakoda wrapped his arms around his shoulders
and pulled him as close as he could, as safe as he could make him, Zuko’s own arms did the
same. His fingers grasped Hakoda’s back like he was falling and Hakoda was all he had left
to tether him, and Hakoda wasn’t sure if he could ever let him go because at least like this
Hakoda knew the kid was safe, was out of Ozai’s clutches.
In all his years of war and bloodshed, this was the worst crime Hakoda had seen committed
by the Fire Nation. It was not just a scar on Zuko, a testament to one father’s cruelty, but in
fact a scar on the entire nation. An innocent, terrified, loyal child was mutilated by his own
father, the nation’s supreme ruler, and it was made a public spectacle. A grotesque,
inhumane, sin of a public spectacle. And the boy who spoke for the young soldiers, for
kindness, for mercy, faced his unjust punishment completely and utterly alone, despite a
roomful of eyes.
And this was the moment that Hakoda realised the true meaning of war. War was not black
and white. It wasn’t as simple as the Water Tribe were the good guys and the Fire Nation
were the bad guys. War was grey. An entire nation could not be evil, but they could be

repressed under the tyrannical rule of a man who pumped propaganda and lies out of every
breath he exhaled.
The Fire Nation didn’t need defeating; it needed saving.
____
They sat together for some time, long after one of Zuko’s sobs guttered the fire. Zuko waited
for his pride to lash out at him, for his cheeks to flush in shame, but he couldn’t bring himself
to care as he rested against the Chief. He felt alright here. He felt safe here. So he just
measured his breathing against Hakoda’s and he let himself cry.
Hakoda said it wasn’t Zuko’s fault. Hakoda was lying.
Hakoda was lying, because when Zuko was born, Father said he lacked the spark in his eyes
needed to be a bender, and having a non-bender Prince was shameful; it took Mother and all
the Fire Sages to convince Father not to cast Zuko over the palace walls. Hakoda was lying,
because even Zuko couldn’t tune out the servants’ gossip, and he knew exactly what was
supposed to happen the night his mother disappeared. Hakoda was lying, because Father had
never intended for the Avatar to be found. Hakoda was lying, because Zuko’s leg still stung
with the phantom kiss of fire lilies. Hakoda was lying, because Zuko knew not all fathers
were like his. Hakoda was lying, because there were a hundred different burns and scars and
agonies coating Zuko’s skin, and each one of them had whispered over the years that perhaps
some of this was wrong, perhaps Hakoda wasn’t lying, perhaps Zuko wasn’t the broken one.
But Zuko had quashed the whispers his entire life, never letting them become a chorus. He
saw the impressed line to Father’s glare when Azula went through her katas, and he wanted
it. That was the problem. Believing it hadn’t been Zuko’s fault meant it must have been his
father’s fault, and believing that meant the Fire Lord had been wrong. The thought wasn’t
only treasonous, but devastating. Because if Father was wrong about the Agni Kai, then he
was wrong about all of it, and if he was wrong about all of it, that made him cruel. Cruel and
loveless. And if he was loveless, then he didn’t love Zuko, then he never loved Zuko, then he
would never love Zuko.
There was nothing you could have done. There was nothing Zuko could do to make Father
love him.
That was the option Hakoda presented, the option Zuko begged him to leave unsaid.
Zuko wanted Hakoda to be lying. He wanted Hakoda to be lying more than anything in the
world.
But there were a hundred different burns and scars and agonies coating Zuko’s skin, and they
were starting to whisper...
Hakoda eventually told Zuko to go get some sleep, that he’d think of a plan, that Zuko didn’t
have to worry. Zuko believed him.

And his mind was whirling as he trudged through the village, pointedly ignoring the stares
the women sent him that somehow held even more malice than before. He felt like he was
about to blow away on a breeze, like he’d been emptied out, all the pain of these three years
being crushed in Hakoda’s hug, and now he felt hollow, a skeleton. He hadn’t gone to
Kanut’s tent on purpose, but before he realised what he’d done, he was already in the
entrance.
“And then I said; No, Fire Lord Ozai, your earrings are on backwards.”
“Tomkin, I am literally begging you to shut the fuck up. Please, just shut the fuck up."
Tomkin was sat cross-legged on one of the cots of the healer’s tent, Kanut in front of him
slowly wrapping bandages around his burn. Zuko stared. It wasn’t a bad burn, and growing
up with Azula meant scrapes like that were more than common in Zuko’s life, but it wasn't
the injury that was the problem, it was the fact that Zuko had inflicted it.
Kanut noticed Zuko first, giving him a quick once over. Whatever he saw, his shoulders
dropped a fraction. That didn’t stop him from saying; “You look like shit.”
Zuko’s scowl fixed on his face instinctively. As soon as it did, replacing whatever it was that
Kanut had seen before, Kanut grinned.
“Zuko!” Tomkin smiled in relief, deep concern in his eyes. “Listen, man, I'm really sorry
about that. I kept harassing you and I should’ve gotten the hint. I didn’t realise it was... I
didn’t realise it was personal.”
Kanut’s heavy blue gaze as Zuko carefully sat with them, further than he usually did, told
Zuko all he needed to know. Tomkin had told him exactly the conversation they were having
before Zuko lashed out. Tomkin was nice, but he was also unobservant and would still be as
in the dark about Zuko’s scar now as he was an hour ago. Kanut, however, always seemed to
know everything Zuko was doing, could always seem to explain every action he made. And
he was looking at him weirdly.
“Why are you apologising? I hurt you.” Zuko said, swallowing thickly. "I’m so sorry,
Tomkin."
Tomkin just scoffed like it was a ridiculous thing to say. “One time, Chena wouldn’t let me
go penguin sledding because I hadn’t finished making a hammock, and I poked his arm until
he lost his temper and pushed me over. That hurt, doesn’t mean it was necessarily his fault.
You’re just getting uppity because you used your fancy firebending.”
Zuko stared. Tomkin... genuinely wasn’t annoyed. Tomkin didn’t even blame Zuko.
“That’s not true-.”
“Sure it is!” Tomkin was grinning, and it was like they were back to joking happily around
the campfire. “Your arrogance is astounding.”

Kanut flicked his finger at Zuko. “Arrogant motherfucker." He reminded him. Zuko couldn’t
even retaliate.
He made a mistake, but nobody hated him.
____
Kanut had noticed Zuko’s discomfort before anyone else, practically sensing it from across
the campfire. Tomkin and Nanook had been joking about something, but the kid just stared
into the fire, hands trembling, shoulders moving too quick as he took in sharp, shallow
breaths. Kanut had watched as Tomkin reached towards Zuko, probably just to shake his
shoulder now he had finally noticed the kid’s distant expression, but he came in from the left
side, and Kanut saw Zuko’s eyes. It was more than panic in their gold depths.
Kanut was on his feet before the fire had even moved. Chena was closer to Zuko but they
reached him at the same time. If Kanut hadn’t yanked the stunned teenager away, Chena
would have broken Zuko’s arm in his own protective panic.
Tomkin had called it fancy firebending. From Kanut’s vantage point, he had seen otherwise.
Zuko had looked like a cornered animal, and he threw the closest weapon to him in pure,
blind terror. It wasn’t his fault he had one weapon no one else had.
“There.” Kanut said, finishing up Tomkin’s bandages. The burn was first degree, second
degree in the centre at a push. Zuko hadn’t done nearly as much damage as he seemed to
think.
“I think it needs medicinal alcohol.” Tomkin said, expression serious.
“I think you need to get out before I show you what a real injury looks like.” Kanut
grumbled, pinching Tomkin’s unburned arm. The teenager grinned before hopping to his feet.
Zuko sat rigidly.
“Sorry again, Zuko. Please stop blaming yourself." Tomkin said with a reassuring smile and a
nod, before he ducked out of the tent to tell the worried world to rest easy; he was alive.
Kanut didn’t let the silence settle.
“Tomkin says that scar’s personal." Kanut folded his arms, unmoving. “How personal is
personal?"
Zuko glared at him. For weeks, they had danced around what they both already suspected.
They had an understanding, something that transcended their own conscious minds. It was
why, in the beginning, Kanut felt so drawn to the brat even when he was just a problematic
prisoner, and it was why Zuko drank tea with him while he attacked everyone else. Kanut had
speculated and speculated and then denied his speculations and pretended not to see because
he didn’t want the enemy humanised, let alone to such a level that he identified with the
enemy. But Zuko and Kanut had never been enemies. Kanut was the healer; he didn’t deal
with the politics Hakoda dealt with. He just healed injuries, and Zuko’s looked an awful lot
like his own.

They'd danced around this for weeks. No more.
“How personal do you think it is?” Zuko’s voice was a rasp, like stones slipping underfoot as
they both walked the edge of a cliff.
Kanut traced the scars on his hands, staring at the burnt boy before him. He didn’t want to be
right. He'd seen cuts and bruises, but that scar was devastating. That burn... the agony it
would have caused, and the gossip that would have ensued. It was a step too far... right?
“I think family matters are pretty personal.” Kanut worked his jaw, picking his words
carefully; he was speaking in code and if Zuko understood, that was all he needed to know
about why exactly he felt so connected to the boy.
Zuko breathed in deep like Kanut had seen him do when meditating. “I think so too.” He said
slowly, and Kanut felt them both tumble off the cliff.
They talked for hours. Kanut told Zuko about the time Yutu broke his fingers for staring too
much. Zuko told Kanut about the time Ozai wrapped his hand around his wrist and left the
burned imprint there for weeks after. The kid was exhausted, broken into submission after
years of trauma, and some of the things he’d say with a tone of normalcy, and Kanut had to
remind him that what they went through wasn’t normal, wasn’t okay, wasn’t love.
They both deserved better.
Kanut cared about Yutu because he was his father. Kanut hated Yutu because of what he did
to him. He was learning that it was okay to have both emotions live so savagely in him. The
first step was acknowledging them, and now, he was learning to ease them. For so many
years, he avoided how he felt because he didn’t want to give his father anything. Now, he
knew he was doing this for no one but himself. It had been years since Yutu last hurt him, but
only now was Kanut starting to heal. Zuko needed to heal too, and Kanut knew that, in order
to do that, Zuko first needed to accept that none of it, none of it, was his fault.
So they talked, and Kanut called him out when he saw fit, and at times, Kanut feared he was
losing Zuko, when his gold eyes fell to his hands, when he insisted his father’s treatment of
him was fair, but every time Kanut offered him just one more cup of tea, the boy accepted,
and Kanut knew that, for all the pain, they would both be okay.

Chapter End Notes

Bro imagine you're hiking with ur friend around a trail you know really well and they
start bitching about how tired and in pain they are and you try console them all the while
knowing there’s a big fucking mountain coming up that they’re oblivious to? Yeah that’s
how I've felt responding to you guys about chapter 9. funniest shit. You were all getting
upset about THAT while i was sat here knowing full well about THIS. anyways Tomkin
is an oblivious idiot still and he will tell the earring joke until he gets an appropriate
reaction. I'm stretched too thin with these dumbasses do you know how tiring it is to

keep an eye on where Hakoda’s moral turmoil is at while also dealing with Kanut’s grief
and Tom Nook’s stupidity and all the while Zuko is almost constantly having
breakdowns?? Like can all of you please, please, for my sake, chill the fuck out. Have a
nap. Get a job.

Chapter 11: i. Of Scorched Shirts And Burnt Bridges
Chapter Notes

Okay wow the response from chapter 10 was...... insane. You guys ate that shit UP I love
you all wow what the fuck. ALSO 20,000 HITS?!?! How has this fic overtaken a few
other fics I love?? Do you know how fucking mindblown I am??? Also a few of you
seemed to think this fic is finished now or about to be finished.... lads we aren’t even
halfway. Like, the good shit hasn’t even started yet. You know that right? Right????
bitches there's more fanart and by god is it beautiful = here and here by the same artist
who is literally incredible and makes me feel Actual Human Emotions <3
EDIT: I FORGOT TO SAY DON'T DO ANYTHING I WOULDN'T DO OH FUCK
IT'S TOO LATE NO-

See the end of the chapter for more notes

If the ice wasn't so impossibly hard beneath him, Zuko would be heavily considering burying
himself away and never resurfacing again.
He had waited for embarrassment to hit him after what happened with the Chief and the
things he told Kanut in a hopeful moment of solidarity, but it never came, so he kept talking
and hugging and crying. It had been nice, but the next day, the morning came with the harsh
reality of it all. Zuko had broken down, figuratively and literally, and the thought of it made
his cheeks flush. How was he supposed to look Hakoda in the eye today? He didn’t want to
leave his tent. It wouldn’t be so bad with Kanut, because Kanut had told him things too,
things that made sense even though Kanut insisted that one day Zuko would see how little
sense they made, so Zuko had ammunition against Kanut as much as Kanut had against him.
But what did he have against the Chief?
Zuko growled in frustration, hating himself as he turned in his bed, the multiple layers of furs
he was using to keep him warm tickling his chin. If he concentrated, he could feel Hakoda’s
hands on his face, feel himself letting Hakoda’s hands be on his face.
Zuko buried his face in his pillows and prayed to Agni that the world would go away.
The world did not go away.
“Rise and shine, asshole.” Chena growled from the tent’s entrance. The last time Zuko saw
him, Chena almost broke his arm. Zuko immediately sat up straight, glaring at the Tribesman.
He was expecting a fight, or at least an argument, but Chena had a strange look in his grey
eyes as he studied Zuko, a mix of curiosity and a peculiar denial.
“Listen, shitnut.” Chena said, ducking his head to enter the tent fully. Zuko tensed, wanting to
jump to his feet but not wanting to give the big warrior the satisfaction of seeing him squirm.

“Kanut’s just given me this big lecture on why I shouldn’t have grabbed you like that
yesterday, and how you’ve got this big fucking scar on your back or whatever from where I
cut you, and he kept going on and on about how it’s apparently morally corrupt to hurt a
teenager, or something, even if said teenager is the Prince of the enemy nation who happened
to burn one of our own-.”
“It was an accident, I said I was sorry.” Zuko hissed, because Chena wasn’t in any position of
authority and Zuko swore he could beat him this time if they fought again. Chena drew
himself up like Zuko had seen him do time and time again when his temper got to him, but
peculiarly, he released his breath in a sigh.
“Whatever, kid.”
“I’m not a-.”
“Do you want to shut up for two seconds? Spirits.” Chena growled impatiently, and Zuko
worked his mouth shut.
“What I'm trying to say is that,” Chena was speaking quieter now, indignant, “Kanut wants
me to apologise, and I said I would because it’ll get him off my back and I don’t want him
letting me haemorrhage next time I need treatment, but I want you and me to be clear; forced
apologies aren’t apologies. You’re Fire Nation. Killing you would probably save lives, if
anything. I don’t trust you, Tui, I don’t even like you-.”
“I’ll tell Kanut you said sorry if you go away.” Zuko said suddenly, and Chena blinked in
surprise.
“You will?”
Zuko nodded. “You have no reason to like or trust me. I don’t understand why the others do. I
mean... I'm happy they do, but if they didn’t it would make sense. I know now what the Fire
Nation took from you all. You don’t owe me anything.”
Because Zuko couldn’t deny what his people had done here. He didn’t think the Fire Nation
were evil, and he still believed in their prosperity and honour, but in this small part of the
world, they had been villainous. They led Tomkin’s parents to suicide, they murdered the
Chief’s wife, they raided the south of their cultural heritage over and over again, and now
Zuko had come here, albeit against his will, and burned one of their own. That wasn’t
something he could just ignore.
Chena just stared like Zuko had started speaking a foreign language. “Huh. Well look at
that.” He mused, though Zuko didn’t know what he was getting at. All Zuko was focussing
on was the fact that Kanut, a man who now had something on Zuko, who had seen him
vulnerable to an extent, had gone to Chena and, instead of exploiting what Zuko gave him, he
kept it secret, telling the big warrior to apologise.
“This stays between us then, deal?” Chena said, raising an eyebrow. Neither of them liked
one another, but there was a sudden comradery there, and Zuko smirked.

“Deal.” He agreed.
When Chena left, Zuko knew he had to get up now, had to face the tribe for his final day in
the South Pole. He forced the thought of the Earth Kingdom from his mind. Then what,
Hakoda? He hadn’t meant to sound desperate. I’ll think of something. Of course, Zuko still
had to survive the south first.
He was almost grateful for Chena’s strange behaviour; it jarred him enough to make him a
little numb, and that gave him the strength to rise. He pulled two objects from his pocket; the
only two objects that actually belonged to him in this strange land. His red ribbon and his
white lotus tile. He stared at the two a moment, conflicted though he was unsure as to why,
before pocketing the tile again. With practised hands, Zuko held his red ribbon, tying his hair
as he always did. Some mornings, when he concentrated, he could swear this thin piece of
ribbon smelt of blood. He felt uncomfortable as he touched it now, like something cellular in
him had changed last night. He thought maybe there was something wrong with how familiar
he was with the smell of blood.
You’re Fire Nation. Said with such malice. Killing you would probably save lives.
Was that how Chena felt about Lee? Zuko knew Lee’s death was a sad outcome of war in the
eyes of Tomkin and Nanook, and an unfortunate sacrifice of leadership in the eyes of
Hakoda. But what did Aput think? What did Kanut think? Could Zuko even begrudge such a
cold outlook, after he’d just accepted the damage his nation had done to these people?
To him, Lee was an innocent teenager who was in the wrong place at the wrong time thanks
to Zuko’s own poor leadership, dying at Tulok’s hands. But to Chena, Lee was a soldier who
perpetuated every bad thing caused by the Fire Nation's presence in the south. Whether that
made Chena the problem or Lee the problem depended entirely on perspective, and Zuko had
never considered that before.
“Little Tom’s looking for you, Your Royal Shittiness.” Aput said as soon as Zuko emerged
from his tent, running a whetstone over a machete by the campfire. The campfire that was
now lit, like nothing had happened last night, but even from here, Zuko saw the burn mark on
the log.
“Uh... thanks.” Zuko mumbled, watching Aput’s every move. He knew Hakoda, Tomkin and
Kanut weren’t annoyed with him, he knew they accepted that what happened last night was
an accident, and apparently, in this part of the world, accidents went by unpunished for
whatever reason. Zuko considered himself lucky, despite Hakoda’s continued insistence that
he wouldn’t be hurt.
Zuko also knew that Chena was back to hating him instead of tolerating him, no matter how
hard Kanut tried to make amends between the pair.
But Zuko had no idea how Aput felt. The man had stayed predominantly on the fence back
on the Ullaakut, but he was good friends with Chena, and Zuko wouldn’t blame him if he
hated him.

“I’d like to... apologise for my behaviour last night.” Zuko said awkwardly, and Aput
narrowed his eyes. “It was reckless and I wasn’t thinking straight. I never meant to hurt
anyone.”
It was quiet for a few seconds, before Aput sighed deeply. “All the Chief told us is that you
had good reason and Tomkin shouldn’t have pushed you so much. If that’s all he’s telling us,
I assume there’s a justification for it. That means he trusts you, which is the only reason
Chena hasn’t skinned you alive yet.” Aput said, and Zuko’s heart flipped. “I trust the Chief
implicitly, so I accept your apology, but if you ever hurt any of them again-.”
“I won’t." Zuko startled himself with the ease of that promise, and Aput nodded once, letting
his threat go unsaid.
The Chief hadn’t told anyone. He told the tribe enough for them not to have Zuko killed, but
he’d kept the details private. Why had he done that? Hakoda could have so easily thrown the
carcass of Zuko’s past to the pack of southern wolves, watching as they tore him to shreds;
appeased. But he hadn’t. Why?
Zuko was about to leave Aput be when the wind turned, Zuko’s ribbon which he thought he’d
done so tight flickering out of the corner of his eye. He huffed, retightening it, the smooth
fabric slipping over his fingers. The smell of blood eased over him, and Zuko shuddered,
letting his hands fall to his sides when he was done.
Zuko was talking before he could stop himself.
“How many Fire Nation soldiers have you killed, Aput?” Zuko asked, and the suddenness of
the question made Aput pause, blinking. He narrowed his eyes at Zuko, hesitating, before
speaking in a level tone.
“Six.” Aput said. Zuko flinched.
“Do you regret it?” Zuko asked slowly.
Aput returned to sharpening his machete, but he was doing it harder than before, which made
Zuko question his; “Of course not; they were Fire Nation.”
As soon as the words left Aput’s mouth, with enough speed to hint at practice, Aput winced.
“I didn’t mean-… Like not you, you’re just a kid. Well, you’re Fire Nation, but-.”
Aput cut himself off, eyes widening as he realised some sort of conflict that Zuko was
oblivious to. Zuko might have questioned him, but he was too angry. Aput was right; he was
Fire Nation. Why did he deserve to survive these men when so many of his own people
hadn’t? All because of a stupid royal title he didn’t even deserve, didn’t even want?
But Zuko had learnt something in his time with the Water Tribe. The war was not glorious.
He’d been taught his entire life that it was the Fire Nation’s way of spreading their wealth
with the other nations, that everything they did, they did for a chance at a more opulent
world. Zuko never thought that maybe some of the world didn’t see it like that, that maybe
some of the world was rather happy as it was. Zuko wasn’t sure what he thought anymore,

but he knew that, for all the things the war was, one thing it wasn't was glorious. He'd been
forced to see that with his own eyes, as Tomkin grasped his shirt, as the women hissed
ashmaker from their tents, as Lee bled out on his own deck.
“Do you need me to do anything?” Zuko eventually asked. Aput seemed to be getting
whiplash from the jumps in Zuko’s conversation, but instead of commenting, he just eased up
a little, returning to normal. Aput was usually the one who wound up supervising his chores.
Aput shrugged, nodding to Hakoda’s tent. “Chief's been talking with Kanna all morning, so
he hasn’t ordered anything for you. It wouldn’t kill you to take a break, kid.”
“I’m not a kid. And I don’t need a break.” Zuko stared at Hakoda’s tent. What was he telling
Kanna? Kanna, the woman who didn’t even try to hide her hatred of Zuko? Were they simply
discussing the logistics of when the crew of the Ullaakut would leave in the early morning?
Or was he telling her all about Zuko’s pathetic grovelling last night?
“Well, if you insist,” Aput smiled evilly, “I’m sure Tulok could use some help. He's storing
all the caribou-yak for winter. Should take him all day.”
Of all the villagers that needed help, why did it have to be Tulok?
Zuko desperately wracked his mind for an excuse that didn’t make him look tired, even
though all the sleep in the world wasn’t aiding his bone-deep exhaustion since the sun
abandoned him, and he didn’t need a break, but he was a terrible liar and he was already
panicking about how he would lie for Chena; he couldn’t lie to Aput on top of that.
Zuko scowled, but was saved from responding by a sudden yell that rang through the village.
“Zuko!”
Zuko turned to see Tomkin barrelling towards him at full speed. Zuko just had time to jump
out of the way before Tomkin got the chance to knock him over fully, but that didn’t stop the
boy from grabbing his arm in order to slow himself. He steadied them both, meeting Zuko’s
bewilderment with an out of breath grin.
“Long story. Nanook’s trying to kill me. You're going to protect me because you owe me after
setting me on fire.” Tomkin blurted out, the words a messy jumble as he kept flicking his
head around him in paranoia.
“I did not set you on fire and- wait why is Nanook trying to kill you?” Zuko asked, highly
concerned. The two boys seemed to get on so well normally, and Tomkin was smiling. It
made no sense.
“Not literally.” Tomkin clarified, and Zuko felt relief pierce him. “I don’t think. Maybe.”
"Tui and La, Little Tom, what’ve you done?” Aput asked with a tired sigh, like this behaviour
was normal.
“YOU’RE DEAD THIS TIME ASSHOLE!” A thundering yell sounded, and Zuko snapped
around to see Nanook sprinting towards them, enraged and... why was he shirtless? Zuko

stared for a few seconds, frozen in his own confusion, before Tomkin grabbed his arm and
started dragging.
“What the fuck did you do?!” Zuko hissed, running from the enraged twenty-year-old behind
them. Zuko had never heard Nanook yell before.
“Your habit of swearing in stressful situations is not very princely, Your Highness!” Tomkin
grinned from his side as they leapt over a low washing line of drying clothes, earning
themselves a round of yells from a few of the women.
“Why am I running?!” Zuko raised his voice when Tomkin didn’t answer. “I haven’t done
anything!”
“Guilty by association!” Tomkin retorted, before cackling out a laugh as they weaved through
a few of the tents. Tomkin rounded a corner too heavily, and the next thing Zuko knew, he
was watching Tomkin topple, skidding on the ice, and suddenly, Zuko was stood in between a
fallen-over-Tomkin and an angry-shirtless-Nanook.
“Excuse me, Zuko, would you kindly step aside so I can break every bone in Tomkin’s body.”
Nanook smiled sweetly, all three of them getting their breath back.
Tomkin laughed again. “Nan, you look a little chilly.”
“I am going to kill you.” Nanook seethed.
Tomkin didn’t even flinch, he just held his hands up in a mock surrender. “You can’t be mean
to me, I'm wounded. Everyone knows you can’t be mean to people when they're wounded.”
Nanook promptly grabbed a handful of snow and threw it at Tomkin’s face. “You got one tiny
burn!” He yelled, stooping for another snowball.
Zuko ducked from this next snowball, and spoke up before he found himself in the midst of a
fight.
“Why aren’t you wearing a shirt?” He asked Nanook, and the way Tomkin laughed louder
and Nanook’s eyebrows shot to his light brown hair told him he shouldn’t have asked.
When Nanook shouted, it was loud enough to make the village children jump. "Because that
idiot set all of mine on fire!”
“I was settling my chi!”
“You aren’t a fucking firebender!”
“Well I know that now, but I had to check!”
“With a candle?!”
“Well, maybe if Zuko had been awake I wouldn’t have had to-!”

“How is this my fault?!”
“Boys!” A voice hollered, interrupting Zuko’s confused cry, and the three boys blinked in
surprise as they turned to see Kanut stomping from the healer’s tent.
“You three have five seconds to shut up before I start throwing shit.” Kanut threatened, and
Zuko had never seen a book be wielded as a weapon before, and he’d never been threatened
while still feeling okay before. But he did. As Kanut pointed his book at them dramatically,
Zuko knew he was joking. He just knew. Kanut wasn’t going to throw anything. He was
joking, and Zuko was privy to the joke, and he felt okay.
“All of my shirts are burnt.” Nanook whined, and Kanut’s gaze skipped straight past Zuko –
the firebender – to land on Tomkin.
“What did you do?”
“Nothing!” Tomkin was almost as bad at lying as Zuko. “Nanook keeps trying to hurt my
wound.”
“It’s not a wound, it’s a tiny burn.” Nanook snapped impatiently, before looking to Zuko.
“Could you not have thrown more of the campfire at him?”
Zuko still wasn’t sure how to navigate the fact that his grave mistake which he thought would
result in injury or even death was now being joked about. He kept waiting for them to hate
him, but they never did. There was something heavy in the pit of his stomach, something that
expanded and toiled when he saw Nanook’s blue eyes or heard Tomkin's easy laugh,
something that became unignorable with every second Zuko spent around the two boys. He
looked to Kanut for help, but the healer just rolled his eyes and shrugged a very ‘not my
problem’ shrug; one Uncle always used to do on the Erlong.
“Scream at each other on the other side of the village.” Kanut said, before going back to his
tent. Just before he disappeared, though, he paused, turning to Zuko.
“Hey, tough guy, you spoken to Chena at all?” Kanut asked, a conspiring look in his blue
eyes.
Zuko took a deep breath, concentrating. “Yeah, he said he was sorry for grabbing me
yesterday.”
Kanut nodded, a smug grin overcoming him, and Zuko tried not to sigh in relief that the
healer had believed him so easily.
“You got Chena to apologise?!” Tomkin yelled at Zuko, before quieting again when Kanut
pointed his book at him with a surprising amount of hostility.
Tomkin continued to badger him about Chena, but Zuko ignored him as he watched the
healer finally return to his tent. Zuko wasn’t looking for excuses, and it wasn’t that the
feeling in his stomach was becoming enough to make his fingers tremble a little; he actually
did need to speak to Kanut. He’d asked everyone else...

“I just need to ask Kanut something.”
They must have heard the sudden seriousness in his tone, because Nanook paused the
headlock he’d grabbed Tomkin in, staring at Zuko. Zuko set off before they could ask him if
he was okay, because they always asked him if he was okay, and they always noticed if he
wasn’t.
“Will you come find us after?” Nanook asked.
“Yeah, I want to teach you how to fish.” Tomkin added, but his smile didn’t reach his eyes.
He looked concerned, and Zuko didn’t have it in him to reassure the boy.
“Okay, sure.” Zuko said. It was the first lie that came easily to him. Maybe because he turned
away like a coward, ducking into the healer’s tent. The air wasn’t so thick in here.
“I’m busy.” Kanut said immediately, feet kicked up as he lounged on one of the beds. There
were books scattered everywhere, as it seemed wherever Kanut went, a trail of books was
bound to follow, including one on top of the chest to Zuko’s right. It had an expensive red
cover, weathered by time, and the title was written in curling gold letters, too intricate for
Zuko to make out.
“With your hobby?” Zuko asked with a small smile, remembering Kanut and the Chief’s
debate yesterday as he nodded at the book in Kanut’s hand.
It had the desired effect and Kanut scoffed in offense. “Reading is not a fucking hobby, don’t
you start. I can’t handle two of you; it’ll be like Sokka all over again.”
“What do you mean?” Zuko asked, because for how much Hakoda mentioned his son, Zuko
had never quite mustered up the bravery needed to ask about him. Hakoda clearly loved
Sokka, loved him in a way Zuko didn’t recognise at all, and Zuko had hunted that boy. He
had a good reason, and no one was forcing the idiot Water Tribesman to hang around the
Avatar, so why did Zuko feel guilty all the same? Too guilty to ask Hakoda about him.
“Sokka absolutely idolises Hakoda. He always used to trail him around, and if Hakoda made
a dumb joke, Sokka would tell it later. It was fucking annoying.”
Zuko was starting to learn that when Kanut said ‘fucking annoying’ he actually meant ‘really
sweet’.
“Looking back, Sokka was a lot more like Hakoda than I realised.” Kanut said, blue eyes
distant as he chuckled. “They’re both notorious for being the strategist; the guy with the
plan.”
Zuko nodded, because he remembered watching the Water Tribe boy back when he didn’t
know Hakoda, let alone the connection there. The boy – Sokka – was always coming up with
things on the spot, intelligent things Zuko never would have thought of, like turning the
pirates against Zuko that one time.

Kanut had said Sokka was notorious for coming up with plans. Uncle Iroh always used to say
the opposite about Zuko.
“Ugh, one thing Sokka loved that even Hakoda can’t stand,” Kanut groaned, and Zuko tried
not to smile at the fact that, once the healer started talking about Sokka, he was struggling to
stop, “was the fucking poetry. Kid couldn’t get enough of it. Any play or sonnet Kanna got
from the supplies, he pinched-.”
“Really?!” Zuko asked, sounding far too bewildered and making his ears flush as he quickly
calmed himself. Kanut narrowed his eyes anyway. Zuko did not elaborate. He didn’t want to
talk about the fact that theatre and poetry had been his own soft spot since he was a child, that
the few happy memories of his youth were seeing the plays on Ember Island, that he used to
jump in excitement whenever Uncle returned from his travels with a rare Earth Kingdom
poem. Kanut raised a questioning eyebrow. Father called this sort of thing emasculating.
Zuko did not elaborate.
“Um, anyway...” Zuko roughly changed the topic of conversation, fidgeting under Kanut’s
stare. “I wanted to ask you something.”
Kanut put his book down at that, sitting up to give his full attention.
____
The kid had never been so direct about something he wanted before, and Kanut had never
been so eager to humour someone before. Their talk last night had made Zuko finally peak
out from his shell; one wrong move would see him jumping right back again.
“Ask away, tough guy.” Kanut said, trying to keep an air of casualness.
Zuko took in a deep breath, fidgeting like he always did when he had something to say that
actually had value to him, like he was expecting to be laughed at, or shut down, or hit. Of
course he expected that; it was exactly what he’d received for the first thirteen years of his
life. But for all that, Zuko still wanted to trust people, wanted to feel things, wanted to be
vulnerable. He was much braver than Kanut had ever been.
“I was wondering...” Zuko started carefully. “I know that what the Fire Nation did here was
wrong, and that I was ignorant to it. I know that now. And well... I was wondering what you
think. Do you think that means the right response is killing Fire Nation soldiers? Do you
think that evens it out?”
He wasn’t being sarcastic or rhetorical; he was genuinely asking. Kanut blinked, taking a few
seconds to process the words. He hadn’t known what to expect when Zuko finally asked for
something directly, but he certainly hadn’t been expecting a question regarding the moral
convolution of justice.
“I think we’re at war.” Kanut said with a discontent frown. Zuko really didn’t see the
problem with the fact he was being forced to tackle such topics at sixteen. “I think too many
men waste too much time thinking on who’s good and who’s bad, when at the end of the day,
the thing about war is that it strips that simplicity from people. In the end, you just need to

trust your cause with your whole heart,” Kanut narrowed his eyes on the Prince, “because
we’re at war, which means people are going to die. At least let them die knowing you believe
in what they fought for.”
And instead of arguing or scowling like he would have done two weeks ago, the Fire Prince
instead listened, nodding his head, expression grim but respectful, because he cared about
Kanut’s opinion, because he was actually taking on board and considering what Kanut was
saying.
For weeks, Zuko had been heartless, emotionless, locking up his every fear and feeling. Now
was different. Now, he was putting himself out there to ask questions, and Kanut felt proud. It
was the barest step in the right direction, but it was progress.
“Did Chena say something, by any chance?” Kanut asked, raising an eyebrow, and Zuko did
that annoying thing where he’d blink in surprise, his inability to lie shining through with
hilarious obviousness.
“Sort of.” Zuko mumbled. “After he apologised.”
He said those words too purposefully and Kanut worked his jaw, trying not to roll his eyes.
“Whatever, tough guy. We done talking politics?” Kanut asked, but the Prince’s golden gaze
was distant, deep in thought.
“Yeah, uh, thanks.” He said awkwardly, and just like that, Zuko turned and headed back
outside, leaving Kanut once again alone with his thoughts.
Kanut sighed and shook his head. Damned teenagers, he thought, before returning to his
book.
____
Hakoda had known his mother would hate his most recent idea. He hadn’t known she would
hate it this much.
“- the Fire Nation won’t just let you adopt their heir to the throne, Hakoda. You realise this,
yes? Please tell me you realise this. And what of General Fong? How will you finance the
Ullaakut without his supplies? And-...”
Hakoda had been tuning in and out. Kanna had been ranting for the best part of an hour after
he asked to speak with her privately in his tent this morning to suggest, as casually as
possible, that they let Zuko stay with them. Permanently.
Hakoda had been up all night after sending the boy off to bed, twisting and turning. Every
time he tried to fall asleep, he’d jolt awake again, picturing his hand coming down on
Sokka’s face, ignited in flames.
The moment he found out the truth to Zuko, Hakoda came to a decision. He would keep the
kid safe. Whatever it took, Hakoda would keep him safe. And until Hakoda could figure out
if the Dragon of the West truly was the only normal family member Zuko had, then the safest

place for Zuko was at Hakoda’s side, with the Water Tribe warriors. Zuko certainly wasn’t
safe in the Fire Nation, and despite Hakoda’s request for fair treatment, Hakoda couldn’t
guarantee Zuko would be safe in the Earth Kingdom either. No, Zuko would stay with
Hakoda.
“I’ll write to Fong as soon as we leave the South Pole. I’ll tell him the Fire Prince escaped,
and that I’m willing to give him information on his possible whereabouts in turn for a
rekindling of our alliance.” Hakoda told Kanna calmly. The Fire Prince and Zuko were two
different people in Hakoda’s mind; it wouldn’t be a complete lie. “As for the Fire Nation, his
father banished him and hasn’t checked in on him for three years, from what I gather. Zuko
has a sister; she’ll take the throne.”
Kanna shook her head, like Hakoda was being deliberately obtuse. “And Tomkin? The poor
boy could have lost his arm. You want a threat like that on your ship with you, with your
men?”
Hakoda knew his mother was trying to be the voice of reason, and he knew that this made no
logical or political sense, but then, Hakoda never had been very political. He was ruled by his
morals. They’d got him this far.
“Mom, I need you to trust me. Zuko never meant to hurt Tomkin, and even you saw that
much. The kid was devastated when he realised what he’d done." Hakoda tried desperately,
because as much as he had set his mind on this, he wouldn’t do it without his tribe’s backing.
“My instincts tell me this is the right thing to do.”
Kanna’s grey eyebrows shot up condescendingly. “Your instincts?”
“Yes, mom, my instincts.” Hakoda said, because no gain in authority or maturity would ever
make him immune to that look his mother gave him.
The elder folded her arms, expression becoming colder than the ice around her. When she
spoke, her tone was cutting, the tone she used when she was more than angry; a scary calm.
“Well, son, that boy is a Fire Nation royal, and my instincts,” she glared hatefully, “tell me he
should be executed before he hurts anyone else.”
Hakoda sucked in a breath, heart beginning to pound in anger at even the suggestion. But had
he not considered killing Zuko himself, back on the Ullaakut? He knew his mother wasn’t a
cruel woman; she was just trying to do right by her tribe, like Hakoda had always tried to do.
He forced himself to calm down. He needed this, in a way. As a Chief, his decisions directly
affected multiple other people. He needed someone to slam into him like this, to test if his
beliefs still stood strong after such an attack. If they did, then he’d argue for them, knowing
the magnitude of such things. And here, as Kanna gave him every reason to turn his back on
Zuko, Hakoda still found his determination to protect the boy unwavering. He wouldn’t
change his mind.
“I’ll write to Fong tomorrow.” Hakoda said, and Kanna must have heard the grit in his voice
because her eyes widened in shock. “Zuko stays with me.”

The elder sighed, like Hakoda was a naïve child walking obliviously into a trap. “Fine, I trust
your judgement, Hakoda.” She said tiredly, sadly. “But one day, that boy will be faced with a
choice, and he will not choose you.”
Kanna left and her words dangled in the vacant space like unhinged stars. Hakoda struggled
to comprehend them at first, but after a few minutes, he understood.
There was only so much Hakoda and the other warriors could do for Zuko. The rest, Zuko
would have to do alone.
____
Zuko was sat as far from the Southern Water Tribe as he could get while still remaining in
their village. He sat alone in the snow, cross-legged as he read a book, leaning against the
frozen wall encompassing the settlement. The cold crept past his anorak and pierced the skin
of his back. Zuko didn’t mind it. He welcomed it.
The book he was reading was red and did not belong to him, but in his defence, what did
Kanut expect Zuko to do when he found a book on firebenders in the healer’s tent? This book
covered everything. It even illustrated some katas, and Zuko was behind on his training by
now. He wouldn’t put the words into practise, but reading over them, refamiliarizing himself
with them, felt like it would help. He flicked the page absentmindedly. Zuko was starting to
see why Kanut loved reading so much; it was calming. It was hard for Zuko to focus on his
tangled mind while he focussed on the words.
Lightning Generation. The title jumped out at Zuko and he sucked in a breath, a mix of
surprise and excitement, the same reaction he had when he first generated a flame. Zuko left
Caldera when Azula was only eleven, but even at that age, her skill level was unprecedented,
and Zuko had heard rumour that she had only improved in his absence. She had dabbled in
lightning generation back then, but struggled controlling it. Zuko wondered if she’d mastered
it yet, before shaking his head. It was Azula. Of course she had.
Father could generate lightning like it was easy, and Zuko knew Uncle could too. A memory
surfaced in his mind, buried by these confusing few weeks. That storm, how the Erlong
trembled beneath his feet. He had been busy catching the helmsman from falling, almost
twisting his shoulder in order to hold that man’s weight, but he’d seen. He'd seen the
lightning bolt that was supposed to hit the deck, he’d seen Uncle reach up and grab it, he’d
seen Uncle redirect it.
Zuko was just wondering if he could remember the technique when two blue figures
appeared in his vision.
“Whatcha reading?” Tomkin asked with a grin, plopping himself beside Zuko without
invitation.
“You said you’d come find us!” Nanook complained, sitting on Zuko’s other side.
The weight in the pit of Zuko’s stomach returned with enough suddenness to make him gasp
quietly in shock. He felt like he’d swallowed something sharp, something heavy.

“I was busy.” Zuko eventually said when it became apparent Nanook and Tomkin’s imploring
blue eyes weren’t going to relent. He felt physically uncomfortable, and he couldn’t help but
watch the two boys carefully, particularly Tomkin. He watched the twitches in the boy’s
brown cheeks upon the impulse to smile, the way he subconsciously cradled his injured arm,
how he had flecks of green in his blue eyes that narrowed minutely on Zuko. They only
narrowed for a moment, jumping back to their wide selves upon being caught, but Zuko
noticed. Was Tomkin watching him? Was Tomkin planning something? Revenge? Was he
going to hurt Zuko?
It was the logical thing to do.
“You alright, Your Highness?” Nanook nudged Zuko’s shoulder and Zuko startled hard
enough for his book to fall off his lap. He didn’t even care that he’d lost his page.
“I’m fine. I need to go.” Zuko said quickly, the weight in his stomach pulling him down as he
scrambled to his feet. Nanook and Tomkin looked between one another before looking back
up at Zuko, confusion on Nanook’s face and hurt on Tomkin’s. Why was he hurt? Had Zuko
touched his arm in his haste to stand? Had Zuko hurt him again?
Zuko scooped up his book, shoved it deep in his pocket, and stomped back to the main
village, leaving two young Watertribesmen staring after him in concern for the second time
that day.
____
The Prince of the Fire Nation was avoiding them.
Nanook had suspected so much this morning when Zuko ditched them for Kanut. He had
considered it a few more times throughout the day when he saw Zuko pottering about alone.
But now, as he and Tomkin ambushed Zuko in hopes of finally hanging out with him, causing
the Prince to respond with a quick retreat, Nanook was certain.
“That was odd.” Tomkin said with a worried frown.
Nanook slapped the other boy’s head. “He’s avoiding us, idiot.”
Nanook was still justly upset over his burnt shirts. He was wearing one of Tulok’s because he
was closest to Nanook’s size, but even then, the shirt was too broad on Nanook, and it smelt
of those scented soaps Tulok bought out of his own pocket when they were in port because
they apparently ‘got rid of everyone else’s hideous stench.’
“What? Why?” Tomkin asked with wide, unhappy eyes. “Did we do something wrong?”
Nanook narrowed his gaze on the Fire Nation teenager in the distance, watching as Zuko sat
at the campfire alone, pale fingers carefully tracing over the charred log.
“No.” Nanook said slowly. “I think it’s the opposite.”
“You think he’s avoiding us because he did something wrong?” Tomkin asked, still not
getting it. “But I forgave him, and everyone knows it was an accident.”

Nanook hummed in consideration, deep in thought. He'd felt a flash of fear of the Fire Prince
last night, as he stared up at Zuko and realised this boy had the power to end Nanook’s life
with an elegant twirl of his wrist. But Nanook had checked himself. Zuko had always had
that power, and had always controlled it. Nanook had realised that firebending in and of itself
was not evil, just as a sword was never evil. It depended entirely on the wielder, and Zuko’s
heart was good. Nanook was certain of that. Nanook had forgiven him without even
considering it.
But the Chief had gathered everyone this morning and told them that Zuko’s scar was a
sensitive subject, that they had to trust that, for whatever reason, Zuko felt no other choice
but to burn Tomkin last night. He realised his mistake and was horrified with himself, and he
wouldn’t do it again. But the tribe weren’t allowed to pester him about the scar, nor blame
him for Tomkin’s burn. It was all very mysterious, which was unlike Hakoda, but Nanook
trusted the Chief, and he also knew Zuko. Whatever Hakoda wasn’t telling them, it was bad,
and it was better for Zuko this way. Nanook could connect some of the dots; he’d always
been more observant than the others. He needed no other explanation.
Nanook could be cynical and unforgiving, but when it came to his friends, he would protect
them.
“I think he expected to be punished for what he did,” Nanook said quietly, “and when he
wasn’t, that confused him. Uncertainty is worse for some people. He's doing what he knows.
If we won’t punish him, then he’ll do it himself.”
Whether he realised it or not.
Zuko had always been his own worst enemy.
Nanook got to his feet with a sudden determination, yanking a confused but eager Tomkin up
with him.
“What’re we doing?” Tomkin asked.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Nanook’s lips curled into a smile. “We’re going to hang out with our
friend.”
Tomkin took a second to realise what Nanook had said before beaming in delight. He had
spent almost three weeks trying to get Nanook to like Zuko as much as he did. Deep down,
Nanook had known for days that a royal title and a Fire Nation heritage hadn’t stopped Zuko
from growing on him, but it was different to say it aloud.
Zuko was Nanook’s friend.
Zuko was Nanook’s friend, and Nanook could be cynical and unforgiving, but when it came
to his friends, he would protect them.
He would protect them, even from themselves.

Chapter End Notes

See what I mean about this chapter being uneventful? Nonetheless it felt necessary to tie
things up, and chapter 12 is a bit of a Big Deal so here we are. Back to the normal
upload schedule gang!
Here’s a link to a playlist i made for this fic btw xx

Chapter 12: i. Kamikaze
Chapter Notes

Okay lowkey this is the easiest chapter I've ever written and idk if that’s just because
what happens is one of the visions i had for this fic before I even wrote it or because this
has just built up so much for 12 fuckin chapters, but when I started writing this I literally
just didn’t stop and it only took me like 20 mins. So yeah. This is also the last South
Pole chapter! remember when i thought there’d only be like three here lmao there’s been
six oops. When we leave the South Pole, there’s a fluff break, but after that the Earth
Kingdom plotline comes in clutch, so stay tuned.
okay have a lovely day don't do anything I wouldn't do you hooligans x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Tulok’s little boy was four years old. When Tulok left on the Ullaakut, Juatan had been a
bumbling toddler that pulled at Tulok’s hair when he finally had to let his son go. Juatan
could say basic words. Mama, papa, snow, fire. Stringing them together into sentences had
been another matter entirely. But Tulok’s son was smart. He could tell. Call it the bias of a
father, but Tulok saw the observant glint in Juatan’s icy blue eyes; the same icy blue as
Tulok’s.
Now, Tulok’s little boy was four years old. He was physically capable of running into Tulok’s
arms when Tulok returned south, except Juatan hadn’t done that. Instead, he’d held his
mother’s sleeve, confused. Tulok was a foggy memory for Juatan, a stranger.
As heart-breaking as it was, Tulok knew he was lucky. Juatan was young and it was easy for
Tulok to slowly start building up a relationship with him again in the few days he’d been
home, hoping to leave something permanent, something Juatan would remember, because
Tulok didn’t know when he’d be back next. Tulok was lucky because Juatan would forget the
two years his father was absent as he grew older; he was already forgetting them now.
Hakoda hadn’t been so lucky. Sokka and Katara had been old enough to understand when
Hakoda left, and now, he was missing their teenage years, a time so sacred, so integral to
their upbringing. Yes, Tulok was lucky. That was what he told himself when Juatan looked
upon him with nothing but barren acknowledgement.
This was the lucky outcome, in a war.
Tulok had spent the day storing the caribou-yak for winter. The warriors were setting off at
dawn tomorrow and he wanted to make sure his village’s supplies were in tact before he left.
He also needed a quick break, not that he’d let his wife see that. What with a four-year-old
son and now a baby niece too, Tulok was exhausted. His sister teasingly reminded him that
he’d only done three days with the children and that he’d been spoilt these past two years.

Tulok thought maybe he had been spoilt, but not the way she meant it. Not spoilt as in
coddled, but spoilt as in mouldy food; ruined, contaminated, different.
Tulok sighed, wiping his hands down his anorak to try and rid them of the smell of caribouyak meat. It was no good. He'd need to wash before he returned to his tent, otherwise his wife
and sister would go crazy. The thought made Tulok smirk as he pulled his sweaty hair back
from his face with a blue ribbon. He was just walking outside when he bumped into someone
small, and he jumped in surprise when the surly gold glare of the Fire Prince turned to him.
“Easy, hotshot. What's got you so mad?” Tulok asked with a smirk, but it was careful. He
couldn’t forget what happened last night, nor what Hakoda had told the tribe this morning.
Tulok was a little worried about the Fire Nation teenager.
“Nothing. Leave me alone.” The Prince hissed, and Tulok sighed.
Tulok had a sneaking suspicion that the Fire Prince hated him more than he hated everyone
else. He didn’t know why, he didn’t know what he’d done, but he could tell in the furtive
glares the Prince sent him on the Ullaakut, the way he silenced whenever Tulok was near.
Tulok had thought he was just being paranoid at first - Aput often said he’d always been
desperate to have everyone like him – but now as he stared into the golden eyes of Prince
Zuko, he saw nothing but indubitable animosity.
Maybe it was because he was so tired, or because he’d done nothing but handle disgusting
caribou-yak meat all day, or because every day the Prince was with them he seemed more and
more human, but Tulok decided this had gone on too long.
Tulok crossed his arms, unmoving as he stared down the teenager.
“We need to talk.”
____
Tomkin and Nanook were relentless. Everywhere Zuko went, they followed. Everything
Zuko said, they disregarded. They had to be up to something. Zuko could hardly breathe. It
wasn’t so bad with Nanook, because Zuko didn’t burn Nanook, but Tomkin... Tomkin
shouldn’t be doing this. Tomkin should hate him, or challenge him to some sort of Water
Tribe duel, or promise revenge. But no, Tomkin just carried on smiling and being an idiot and
not hating Zuko. It made no sense, and Zuko needed to get away from it.
So, he fled. The first chance he got, when Tomkin and Nanook’s attention was grasped by a
plate of sea prunes, Zuko ducked behind a tent and walked furiously away. He made it a few
metres before smacking into someone.
Not just someone. Tulok.
Agni, could this day get any worse?
“We need to talk.”
Apparently, it could.

And Zuko knew he should walk away from this conversation, but he couldn’t stop himself.
Maybe he was still delirious after the stupidity of last night. Maybe part of him knew that
even if he survived the South Pole, he might not survive the Earth Kingdom regardless of
whatever ‘plan’ Hakoda formulated, so he had limited time. Maybe he was sick of seeing
Lee’s killer walk around so... so unburdened. Zuko didn’t blame the tribe or the Chief for
what happened to Lee, but he couldn’t quite look at Tulok without picturing his lean body
twisting and letting that boomerang fly.
Zuko’s fingers brushed his pai sho tile. He remembered blood and terror and helplessness,
watching a teenage soldier choking, doing nothing.
His words were hateful. “What about?”
____
The Prince wasted no time. Tulok admired that about him. It’d almost got him killed on the
Ullaakut, but the crew were starting to see the Prince’s rough edges as less threatening and
more endearing these days.
“I want to know why you hate me so much.” Tulok said simply, but he couldn’t deny his
worry. Chena would tell him not to care what this boy felt, that Prince Zuko was the enemy,
that his feelings didn’t matter. Even Aput, who firmly denied the time the crew caught him
smiling warmly as he watched the Prince finally get caulking right, would take that mindset
when push came to shove. Tulok was too sensitive; always had been.
“Why does there have to be a reason?” The Prince growled. “You attacked my men,
kidnapped me, and have held me prisoner for almost three weeks-.”
“So did Tom and Nan.” Tulok pointed out, and the Prince abruptly silenced, sputtering for an
answer.
“That’s different.” Prince Zuko finally grit out.
“Why?” Tulok asked, narrowing his eyes.
The Prince drew himself up, voice a quiet snarl. “Because they didn’t kill anyone.”
Tulok sucked in a breath of shock, mind reeling. He remembered attacking the Fire Nation
ship that day, how his shirt clung to his back from sweat, how there was just so much fire.
And then there had been that one soldier. He’d raised a shaking hand, a bright flame erupting
from his skin that he threw at Tulok. By the grace of the Spirits, he missed, but he would try
again. He wouldn’t miss this time. He would hit Tulok, or one of the crew. Tulok wouldn’t
lose any of his friends, not to a Fire Nation soldier. He threw his boomerang with all the
precision of decades of practice, and it hit home like he knew it would. He made that
soldier’s death quick, and had prayed for him since then. There was no joy, no honour, in
killing a man. It wasn’t like hunting animals, where the prize saw a village surviving
starvation. This was simple butchering for a war Tulok never even wanted. No one blamed
him, though. His crew had all done the same and with much less afterthought than him. Tulok
was too sensitive; always had been.

No one blamed him, until now.
“You knew him?” Tulok asked quietly.
“He was one of my soldiers. His name was Lee.” Prince Zuko hissed. “You hear me? He had
a name, he meant something. Agni, if I hadn’t...”
The Prince trailed off, and there was guilt in his voice. Tulok realised they were both feeling
very similarly about this situation. Tulok, for knowing he had no choice but to kill that
soldier. And Prince Zuko, for knowing he hadn’t done enough to protect him.
“He wouldn’t have hurt you.” Prince Zuko muttered. “He was seventeen.”
Tulok stared, lips parted, before slowly sitting down. He just... couldn’t hold himself up
anymore. The Prince watched him with a horrified expression of shock, but Tulok barely
noticed. He remembered throwing the boomerang, thinking just as it left his fingers that his
target was a little shorter, a little more awkward, than his fellow soldiers. We are at war,
Tulok told himself, but the words that had kept him sane for years were suddenly falling
short, because that soldier was seventeen. What had Tulok been doing at seventeen? Moping
over girls and sneaking out to get drunk behind the snowdrifts, that’s what.
Tulok was thirty-four. He killed a man for the first time when he was twenty-six; a soldier in
a raid. As soon as the body hit the snow, Tulok was sick, and he didn’t sleep for two weeks
straight afterwards. If he couldn’t handle the war at twenty-six, how had that teenager felt?
Terrified, was the simple answer. There was no joy, no honour, and that soldier would have
realised that the moment he stared death in the face. He would have died alone and scared
and because of Tulok.
“Spirits.” Tulok raked a hand through his hair. His heart felt like it had slipped to land
messily amongst his ribs, pathetically trying to beat around some bone-deep obstruction.
Tulok had killed a child. But there was something else, another chapter of the story. Tulok
had killed a child, but how had he been able to in the first place? Who made it so it was okay
for a seventeen-year-old to stand on that deck that day? Who looked that poor boy in the eye
and told him he needed to die for his nation? Who was supposed to watch over him? Who
failed?
“We killed that boy.” Tulok whispered, because he knew the answer to his question lay in the
burning gaze of Prince Zuko.
The Prince flinched upon Tulok’s words, eyes widening, lips parting, before slowly, he sat in
the snow beside Tulok.
____
“It wasn’t your fault.” Said by Tomkin and Nanook, to comfort him.
"Your job is to protect the many, and you did that.” Said by Hakoda, to comfort him.
“We’re at war, which means people are going to die.” Said by Kanut, to comfort him.

“Killing you would probably save lives.” Said by Chena, to comfort himself.
“They were Fire Nation.” Said by Aput, to comfort himself.
But now, Zuko was looking at Tulok, and Tulok wasn’t trying to comfort either of them.
Tulok wasn’t tiptoeing around Zuko’s feelings or gritting out denial for the sake of his own.
And the other warriors had made good points, but they spoke from a tone of acceptance, like
any of this was okay, like simply acknowledging that this was a war was good enough. It
wasn’t good enough. It took Tulok’s heartbroken ‘we killed that boy’ for Zuko to realise that
he was absolutely enraged. He was enraged and he didn’t want to be comforted, not about
this. He wanted Lee to be at peace, and he wanted something to be done, and he wanted
someone to fucking acknowledge that Lee existed and fought and died for his nation, and he
wanted this to never, ever happen again.
That was what Zuko wanted, not empty reassurances.
“It’s not fair.” Zuko managed to choke out.
“That’s just an excuse.” Tulok said, and he sounded exhausted. Tulok had a way of talking, a
calmness, that meant he could say these devastating things without it coming across as
personal or insulting. He was simply stating facts.
“How?” Zuko asked, turning to the warrior he was now sat beside.
“We do these horrific things, and we justify it by telling ourselves it’s not fair.” Tulok
explained. “That’s what I’ve been doing, since killing your soldier. I tell myself that I did
something awful, and that it’s not fair, that the world is cruel. In doing that, I've blamed the
world and the war and everyone else, but at the end of the day, I still killed your soldier, and
I've done nothing since to try and accept it, to try and make things fair.”
Zuko listened, mesmerised, because Tulok was right. His entire life, Zuko had complained
about the unjustness of the world, but what had he done to try and fix things? It was different
for Tulok. Tulok was a single Water Tribe warrior. All him and his tribe could do was attempt
to dent the Fire Nation’s superior military, attempt to win a war that had waged for a hundred
years. That was the only way Tulok could make the world fair. But Zuko was a Prince. He
was the heir to the throne, the Fire Lord’s son. What had he done to try and stop all of this
bloodshed? Nothing. He'd done nothing, because his entire life, he thought the war was good.
He came to the South Pole and saw that wasn’t entirely true. And now, he was realising with
blinding luminosity that no aspect of the war was good. It hurt Tulok of the Water Tribe as
much as it hurt Lee of the Fire Nation.
The Fire Nation were killing themselves in their desperation for power and glory.
Once, Zuko had spoken out in a war meeting. Once. That was his contribution. He toed his
father’s lines and was branded for it, and he gave up immediately, accepting his punishment
and falling back in place. Now, Zuko realised he never should have stopped fighting. Making
Father proud had been Zuko’s priority for years, but Zuko understood now that his own
selfish desires were inferior to the good of his nation. Because it was his nation. Banished or
not, Zuko was the Fire Prince, and he loved his people with every flame he possessed. Telling

himself this was the price of war, that life was simply unfair, that there was no more he could
do, were justifications that simply wouldn’t cut it anymore.
If he wanted something to be done, he would do it himself. If he wanted someone to
acknowledge Lee existed and fought and died for his nation, then Zuko would say his name.
If he wanted this to never, ever happen again, then Zuko would do his bit in the fight for
harmony.
And if Zuko wanted Lee to be at peace, then he would give the boy a proper fucking burial.
____
Tulok made a short argument for a sea burial. In the South Pole, the ground was too solid for
dead to be buried, so the Southern Water Tribe let their deceased drift off to sea. The idea
always seemed so peaceful to Tulok; allowing one's body to be reclaimed by La. But Zuko’s
soldier, Lee, wasn’t Water Tribe, so Tulok didn’t push the argument too much.
“We haven’t... I mean, how do we...” Tulok trailed off. They’d come to an agreement and
separated to gather some objects, before reconvening at the village’s entrance. No one
stopped them when they left, and they were now stood before the ruin of a Fire Navy ship.
Every villager knew of its existence here, just a mile from the village, its hull almost
upturned by the now frozen rage of a waterbender. Even like this, abandoned and skeletal,
this ship was dangerous, and it was common knowledge that the villager’s avoided ever
going near it, for fear of traps. It had been deserted for years, but it was the only Fire Nation
item in the south, so Tulok suggested they do Lee’s memorial here.
Or at least, the ship had been deserted for years. Now, Tulok could just make out footprints in
the snow around it, footprints that were small enough to make his stomach turn.
“Zuko,” Tulok tried again, and the Prince’s first name sounded strange without its title, “we
don’t have a body.”
Lee had sunk with the Fire Nation ship that day, never to be recovered. Deserted, just like
this. How could they do a memorial without a body? But Zuko had seemed so determined
when he told Tulok the things he’d need, and even now, as the teenager shuddered in his furs,
Zuko’s gaze was relentlessly fixed on the faded Fire Nation insignia fluttering lazily on its
flag before them.
“In the Fire Nation,” Zuko spoke quietly, voice a rasp, “we wash our dead in a bathing
ceremony, before tying white string to their hands and ankles to guide them in the afterlife.
Then we cremate them.”
Zuko turned to Tulok. “We can’t really do that, but we can leave something behind.
Something permanent.”
Tulok nodded, slowly understanding. “In the Water Tribe, we sometimes leave rock piles. It's
something that’ll last, and it weathers the snow. Any villagers that come across it will respect
it and leave it untouched.”

Zuko considered this suggestion, before turning to look around them. Tulok didn’t wait for
the Prince’s confirmation, and they both set off. They worked wordlessly, scanning the
nearby area for any rocks they could find, placing them in a gradually growing pile just shy
of the ship’s stern. They kept the pile small, like Lee had been, but Tulok packed the rocks in
as securely as he could, him and Zuko finally stepping back when they’d gathered enough.
“I need something to burn.” Zuko said after a few seconds of silence. “Lee was a firebender.
He should have something of it with him.”
Tulok didn’t need any more explanation and quickly tore off a strip of his undershirt, placing
it amongst the rocks. When Zuko raised his hand, his fingers trembled slightly, and suddenly,
Tulok was watching the fabric burn before him, turning to ash. Tulok's flinch was instinctive,
yet he’d never seen a flame look so... soft. He almost wanted to reach out and touch it as it
slowly burned out. The fire was never meant to last, but Tulok could understand the comfort
of ashes for a firebender.
Zuko breathed out shakily, swallowing before speaking. “Did you get something?”
Before they’d left the village, Zuko had asked Tulok to bring an object that meant something,
that was relevant to Lee, to leave with the fallen soldier. It hadn’t been a hard decision, and
now as he grasped his boomerang, Tulok felt his familiarity with the weapon. He could get a
new one. This one still had the ghost of Lee’s skin on its blade, had traces of Tulok’s own
sweat from that battle. He couldn’t use it again, not now he knew what he did.
Tulok let out a quiet prayer to the Spirits as he placed down his boomerang.
Now, it was Zuko’s turn.
____
Zuko had thought hard about what object to bring, but ultimately, it seemed there had only
ever been one option.
His ribbon.
His ribbon, the same red as Lee’s blood. His ribbon, that he wore in the meeting where he
took his first and only stand, fighting for the soldiers like Lee. His ribbon, that smelt and felt
like anguish. His ribbon, that had stayed with Zuko in that Agni Kai. This ribbon was Zuko,
when Zuko was just a passive little boy eager to please his father. Zuko was giving his ribbon
to Lee, and he was leaving it behind in the South Pole. Zuko's priority was to his people now,
was to making sure Lee wasn’t forgotten. Because Lee was here and he mattered. He
mattered.
And there were a million Lees, some already gone but most still alive with their families and
dreams. They mattered. Zuko would make them matter. No more cannon fodder. No more
fresh meat. No more excuses.
With a prayer to Agni, Zuko placed his ribbon above Tulok’s boomerang, blue bleeding into
red and red staining the blue, no longer in combat but in alliance.

Here, finally, Lee was laid to rest.
____
Tulok didn’t know how long they stood like that, staring down at Lee’s memorial.
A sense of relief overcame Tulok. He’d spent countless nights wondering if he’d damned the
people he’d killed. Now, he knew at least this poor boy had been granted solace. Tulok had
spent so long doing nothing, accepting the blood on his hands. He knew he had no choice but
to fight. His cause was the safety of his family. His cause was for Juatan to have a future that
didn’t see him leaving to fight at sixteen. His cause was peace. He believed in his cause. He
was willing to die for it and, if it was necessary, he was willing to kill for it. But now, Tulok
knew he had to be more than that. He had to understand that the soldiers he fought were
innocent in their own way. He had to forgive them, in order to forgive himself.
For Tulok, his greatest defiance against this war was his absolution.
“You know, Zuko,” Tulok finally broke the silence, knocking his shoulder against Zuko’s
gently, “you’re not so bad.”
Zuko cracked a small smile. “You’re not so bad either.”
Eventually, the pair walked home. Tulok untied his hair and wordlessly offered Zuko his blue
ribbon. The Prince nodded in gratitude and pulled his hair back up. They returned as evening
approached, meaning most of the villagers were starting to gather around the campfire. Tulok
went to sit with Chena and Aput, and Zuko was immediately snatched away by Tomkin and
Nanook to sit with them. The conversation of a dozen villagers separated them, but every so
often, golden eyes would catch with blue, and Tulok felt a bone-deep understanding.
Things were different now.
Tulok’s sister was sat nearby, her baby daughter cradled carefully in her arms. Miki was
almost two, almost a toddler, but Tulok’s sister still coddled her like a newborn. It didn’t help
that Miki was so small, hence her name. The elders had been concerned when she was born,
and even now, Tulok and his sister both worried over how Miki would fare through the
winters.
“I thought you put her down hours ago.” Tulok said with a nod at Miki.
“She won’t sleep.” Tulok’s sister rolled her eyes, her dark hair falling into her face. She
looked exhausted, which was why Tulok soon found himself pushing her off to her tent,
holding Miki himself with the promise he’d take care of her while his sister got some well
needed rest.
“She's a cute little thing, ain’t she?” Chena mused quietly from beside Tulok. As big and
scary as the other warriors could be, all of the adults seemed to have gravitated to Miki’s
incoherent babbling. Even Kanut, who had been talking seriously with Hakoda, kept flicking
his eyes over, despite his insistence that he despised children.

“You want to hold her?” Tulok asked, carefully handing Miki over before Chena could panic
and say no. For all his bigness, Chena held Miki like she was the most precious thing in the
world, and the baby smiled happily up at him. Tulok remembered the rages Chena went
through after losing his daughter. It had been up to Aput and Tulok, Chena’s closest friends,
to hold their fellow warrior back, but words had always failed them. Miki was barely a
toddler, and she was still older than Chena’s little one when she’d been snatched from him. It
had been illness that took her, but everyone knew Chena’s blame lay with the Fire Nation.
“Look at that,” Aput grinned wolfishly, “you look like the perfect mother. And you said Zuko
was the little girl.”
“Yeah, yeah, go fuck yourself, Aput." Chena returned with an easy-going snicker, but his
grey eyes never looked away from Miki. “You and the Prince on a first name basis now?”
Aput’s grin fell into a frown, making Chena’s famous, rumbling laugh erupt from him,
quickly silencing when he accidentally stirred Miki.
“He’s a good kid, you know.” Tulok said, and Chena groaned.
“Not you too.”
“Says the man who apologised, right Chena?” Kanut asked, shameless in his eavesdropping.
Tulok didn’t know what he was referencing, but it was apparent that Chena did when he
tensed up.
“Um... yeah... of course.” Chena nodded firmly, and Kanut shook his head with a smile.
“Come on, Chena,” Tulok nudged his friend, “if the kid can make Kanut’s barren heart feel
things, then he can’t be too bad.”
Kanut threw some snow at Tulok. “You don’t know shit about my barren heart, thank you.”
Tulok laughed. He felt weightless for the first time in weeks.
“This mean you’re all going to cry and have a farewell party when we give the kid to Fong?”
Chena asked, handing Miki to Aput, who cooed down at the baby.
Kanut's smile fell, his gaze shifting to Hakoda.
“He’s not going to Fong.” The Chief said, and he used that tone. It was casual, but it was
stern. It was the tone he used when he didn’t want to make a big deal of something, despite
having spent hours debating it. Tulok suddenly understood why Hakoda had been talking
with Kanna so long today.
“Chief, you can’t be serious-.”
“If I thought he was a threat to us, you know I'd never consider it.” Hakoda said, cutting off
Chena’s fury. “But he’s just a child, and he needs us, whether he’ll swallow his pride to
realise it or not. I won’t abandon him like the Fire Nation did.”

Tulok had always admired Hakoda, even before he became Chief, and now, that admiration
burned in Tulok’s veins. He'd never been prouder of his leader, and he nodded firmly to show
his agreement with Hakoda. This morning, he would have hesitantly waited to see how
Chena and Aput reacted, but now, he’d seen a new side of the Fire Prince. He'd seen Zuko.
Hakoda looked to each of the nearby warriors in turn. He returned Tulok’s nod, and Kanut
rolled his eyes, because they all knew he’d die for the kid at this rate. Chena looked furious,
turning to Aput and waiting for his friend to back him up. Aput hesitated, narrowing his eyes
on the oblivious Prince sat opposite the campfire. Wordlessly, Aput passed Miki to Hakoda,
who took her in his arms with the practise of a father. That was enough.
“Spirits, we’re all doomed.” Chena grumbled, downing the rum in his goblet, but he didn’t
argue further.
____
Zuko was sandwiched between Tomkin and Nanook before the campfire, just like last night.
If they hadn’t hounded him all day, he might have been sick with the turmoil within him. But
they had hounded him, and Zuko was starting to feel normal in their company again, and
whenever he didn’t, he’d catch Tulok’s eye and remember Lee’s memorial. That memorial
would always be there now. Through storms and death and hardship, Lee would always have
a place. That felt more important than whether Tomkin was going to lash out or not,
especially when, deep down, Zuko had always known he wouldn’t.
“How’s your arm?” Zuko asked Tomkin, and the other boy narrowed his eyes. Zuko had
spent all day avoiding him and the topic of last night, and now he was directly asking about
it; Tomkin had every right to be surprised.
“Still fine.” Tomkin insisted, waving his arm as proof.
“Oh, not wounded anymore, then?" Nanook asked bitterly, and Zuko let himself chuckle
when Tomkin – in his infinite maturity – stuck out his tongue.
Zuko sat and listened to the two boys bickering for a few minutes, and he felt... calm.
Surrounded by Water Tribe warriors with a fire before him, Zuko felt perfectly calm. It
seemed dichotomous, yet here he was. He had barely noticed the bundle of furs being slowly
passed around until Kanut quickly handed it onto Nanook with a grumbled ‘ew Tulok I don’t
want your snotty baby,’ and suddenly, Zuko was able to see the baby lying peacefully
amongst the furs.
Nanook held the child nervously, just a little too rigidly as he rocked his arms, and Tomkin,
lover of kids everywhere, was practically on Zuko’s lap in his eagerness to see the baby.
“This is Miki, Tulok’s niece." Nanook explained when he saw Zuko staring. Zuko flicked his
gaze up and, sure enough, Tulok was watching him, a ghost of a smile on his face, expression
trusting.
The baby, Miki, had the bluest eyes Zuko had ever seen, and her brown skin was utterly
without fault. She waved her hands around, grasping anything she could find – including the

bead in Nanook’s hair that she tugged with a surprising amount of strength, much to his
chagrin - and she was so impossibly tiny, so fragile, so innocent. Zuko supposed that was the
thing about babies; they were the definition of innocence, of new beginnings. Zuko had been
this age when Father wanted him gone...
Zuko shook his head of the thought. Just because Zuko had checked his priorities, that didn’t
mean he would start blindly believing all those lies Hakoda told him. Zuko’s father did love
him, and it was Zuko’s fault he was so disappointed.
“Would you like to hold her?” Nanook asked, and Zuko’s heart skipped a beat. It wasn’t
difficult to sense Kanna’s glare, her hatred practically oozing from where she sat across the
fire.
Zuko swallowed. “No, thank you."
Nanook shrugged but didn’t push it. Miki's tiny hand kept searching for new things to
investigate. Zuko hadn’t realised how much he’d leaned against Nanook until Miki’s hand
suddenly brushed his face. Her fingers were too small to even grab his chin, though she tried,
and Zuko froze, not wanting to scare her away as she explored him. She brushed over his
lips, his jaw, before her hand finally rested on his scar.
Zuko half expected Miki to cry, but instead, she let out an adorable giggle, like she’d found
something interesting. Zuko couldn’t stop the relieved grin that cracked across his face.
Kanut had said that war meant death was inevitable. He said the only way to be able to live
with that was to know your cause was good enough to die for. The reason Lee had haunted
Zuko so much was because, deep down, Zuko had always known he hadn’t believed in his
cause. He wasn’t going to settle for that anymore. He left his red ribbon behind. His
helplessness died with Lee. Miki was the Water Tribe’s cause, this new life, this new
generation. She was their hope and reason, the symbol of the community that was so sacred
to them. It was something so simple, but then, most good causes were.
Zuko's cause would be simple, too. He would protect those that he loved. His friends, and his
people. Death was never okay, but for them, Zuko was willing to commit that crime. He
would die for them and, if it was necessary, he would kill for them.
But he would never forgive himself.

Chapter End Notes

kudos and comment bitch kudos and comment x

Chapter 13: i. The Great Rum Heist Of 99AG
Chapter Notes

Over 2000 kudos. Over 500 bookmarks. Over 30,000 hits. I'm on the phone to God right
now asking how he feels about the fact I have clearly replaced him – spoiler alert; he’s
pissed. Genuinely i can’t get over that it feels insane and i don’t know why you all like
this so much but THANK YOU.
Okay, here is a chapter I've been buzzing for since Tomkin first started bitching about
the rum stash. Also we’re FINALLY getting into the Earth Kingdom plotline now the
Water Tribe plotline is pretty cosy, and boy oh boy have I been waiting for this. Fong?
Tovah? They're coming for our fire boy. I literally can’t wait to see how you guys are
gonna react to some of the absolute SHIT that’s about to hit the fan. No one is allowed
to send me hate mail. Am i making you nervous yet? Good.
Have a fab day nerds don’t do anything I wouldn’t do xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Dear General Fong,
I am upset to have to inform you that our previous agreement regarding the transfer of the
Fire Prince is no longer obtainable. The Water Tribe ship we have been restraining him on
was inadequate for such a task, and the Prince managed to escape. I have information
regarding where he may be headed from things he has said and the direction of which he
departed, and I am willing to offer this information, since we are again closely allied.
Please write back to convey your interest,
Sincerely,
Chief Hakoda of the Southern Water Tribe
General Fong read the letter, then read it again, before scrunching it up in his fist and cursing
in anger.
“That Spirits-damned Prince escaped." He fumed, and Colonel Tovah couldn’t help but perk
up. Tuning out of Fong’s rages was almost a pastime for her as one of his primary advisors,
but news of the heavily talked about Fire Prince piqued her interest immediately, especially
after she’d personally supervised the deployment of several top Earth Kingdom soldiers with
the intent to collect said Fire Prince.
“Never trust the Water Tribe to do an Earth Kingdom job.” Fong snarled, kicking at the desk
Tovah was sat before. They were both in the main hall; a cavernous space furnished only by

this desk, sat upon a platform at the hall’s far end and covered by a single map, and now, a
scrunched-up Water Tribe letter. The vast ceiling was held up by intricate pillars that soared
far above Tovah’s head, concaving into arches in an epic feat of earthbending.
“We underestimated Chief Hakoda.” Tovah commented with a quirk of her eyebrow,
drumming her fingers against the desk as Fong paced. Fong was a middle-aged man with a
long, brown beard that brushed his chest, face thin and sharp, eyes a determined green. He
wore the juniper green armour of a general with pride and grit.
“How so?” Fong asked, bewildered. “He lost the prisoner! And after asking for fair treatment,
no less.”
“I am willing to offer this information, since we are again closely allied.” Tovah quoted
easily. She had always been quick, cunning. It was why her superiors posted her in this
position. “Those were his words, yes? He's putting it formally, but he’s still coercing us into
an alliance. He's smarter than we gave him credit for. He knows we won’t refuse his
information, no matter what his price. We need that Prince, General.”
Tovah spoke the truth; they did need the Prince. Her superiors made it clear to her that the
Fire Prince was her primary focus as soon as communication between the Earth Kingdom and
Water Tribe began on the matter. Tovah had thought the task would be difficult given she
knew next to nothing about the furtive Fire Nation royal – she didn’t even know what the boy
looked like, for Spirits sake – but General Fong trusted her implicitly, and information was
surprisingly easy to come across.
Fong nodded in agreement, quickly fetching some paper to respond to Chief Hakoda. He'd
always been easy to manipulate. Men of temper often were. Tovah had said they needed the
Prince; it wasn’t her fault General Fong assumed she was referring to him.
____
The Ullaakut sailed with a familiar jumpiness, the sea around them blue and vast as the
south’s ice got further and further away. It had been painful to leave the village, and Kanna’s
hug had left Hakoda cold when she pulled back, but at least he hadn’t had to say goodbye to
his children a second time. He didn’t think he could have stomached that. Instead, he bid his
goodbyes, watching his men separate from their families, the dignified work of jaws the only
tell-tale sign that the warriors, upon their first moment alone, would allow for tears. Hakoda
watched the campfire smoke twirl towards the dark sky, the tents whistling against the wind,
memorising the sound of snow crunching beneath his feet, and then ice cracking around
where it had frozen to the Ullaakut as his home became a speck in the distance, buoyed
onwards with the stories Kanna had spent every night telling him. Stories of how far Katara’s
waterbending had come, how Sokka insisted on training the village children, how they
bickered more and more but always sorted it out in the end, how much Katara looked like
Kya, how Sokka’s hair had grown long enough to be pulled into a true warrior’s wolf tail.
These were things Hakoda would keep locked inside, and on the nights he began to ache, he
would remember them. It would be enough until he saw his children again.
They'd been at sea only a few days when Tulok confirmed a storm was coming. It seemed
typical. Storms could be devastating, but with a crew as hardened by the sea as the crew of

the Ullaakut, it was business as usual. They knew what to do.
"Hey Chief,” Nanook appeared suddenly at Hakoda’s side, stood at the bow of the ship,
looking concerned, “we think we’ve found a leak in the hull, can you come check it out?”
Hakoda sighed with a frown. Leaks were surprisingly not that big of a deal, unless they
weren’t dealt with. It would take a lot of water to sink this ship, so as long as the leak was
stemmed quickly and efficiently, it was never anything more than a nuisance.
The leak was on the starboard side of the ship, and when Hakoda peered over the rail as
Chena and Aput were already doing, he saw a small trail of bubbles breaking the sea’s
surface.
“It’s coming from the infirmary.” Aput commented, jerking his head in said direction.
Hakoda hummed in agreement before following Nanook. Kanut seemed annoyed to say the
least upon so much traffic in his infirmary. Nanook, Chena and Aput had clearly already been
in, and some of the other crewmen were gathered in the corridor to inspect. Kanut, however,
always the host, was reading a book and pointedly not helping.
“Where is it?” Hakoda asked.
“Right here.” Nanook said, pointing to a small hole in the wall just above the floor that
someone had unsuccessfully tried to clog with a wad of fabric. Water was slowly oozing in.
Snow rats, Hakoda thought. The little critters had a habit of getting on the ship and eating
their way through just about anything.
If Hakoda had been paying closer attention, he might have wondered why exactly a snow rat
would chew through the hull. If Hakoda had been paying closer attention, he might have
noticed Nanook’s subtle hand gesture as soon as his back was turned. If Hakoda had been
paying closer attention, he might have seen two teenage boys sneaking past the distracted
crew, heading towards the ship’s hold.
____
“This is a bad idea.” Zuko hissed, crouched in the shadows of the ship’s hold and on lookout
for any crewmen that may have followed them down here. “A very bad, terrible, Agnidamned, horrendous idea. What if we get caught?”
“Shut your mouth, have I ever failed you?” Tomkin asked, rooting through the supplies kept
here with an evil grin on his face.
Zuko thought of Tomkin stealing his swords, of Tomkin bumping into him and foiling his
escape attempt, of Tomkin starving him out of obliviousness, of Tomkin burning Nanook’s
shirts and dragging Zuko into it, and Zuko confidently said; “Yes.”
Tomkin just scoffed, before exclaiming in victory. “Got it!”
The other boy had found a boring looking wooden box at the back of the hold labelled
‘peanuts.’

“Why do you have an entire box for peanuts?" Zuko deadpanned.
Tomkin threw him a frown over his shoulder. “You know these? They're those weird crunchy
things. Absolutely vile. I had one and almost threw up, but the Earth Kingdom love them.
Chena knows no one in their right mind would want to go through this. He's the only
psychopath on the ship to like peanuts.”
Zuko decided not to mention that he liked peanuts, still confused as to what was happening
here, but his confusion became impressed appreciation – not that he’d ever let Chena know –
when Tomkin opened the box to reveal a dozen bottles of rum.
The plan was simple.
Nanook, the distraction. Zuko, the guard. Tomkin, the man in the field. Tomkin had been
planning to steal from Chena’s rum stash for months, but his plans were always foiled by
Nanook’s logic. ‘Aput checks every other week; he’ll notice some is missing’, ‘how are we
supposed to get into the hold without being noticed?’, ‘even if we get the rum, then what?’.
Their first night back on the Ullaakut, the three had been sat on deck. Zuko had been silent
and staring at his hands, breathing a little shallow, when Tomkin began plotting again. He'd
started talking loudly and Zuko couldn’t help but think he sounded like he was forcing a
conversation, but his passion came through soon enough. Zuko had just been in Hakoda’s
cabin. Hakoda's plan was simple, too. He'd said so much. It doesn’t have to be complicated,
Zuko. You can stay, or you can go. We'll be stopping at a few ports in the Earth Kingdom
before Chameleon Bay. If you decide at one of these ports that you want to leave, then you
just say the words, and we can call it quits and you can go and do what you want. His blue
eyes had been so steady, so heavy on Zuko’s skin. You aren’t a prisoner anymore.
Of course, it was hard to stress over Hakoda’s words and their implications with Tomkin’s
relentless chatter, and Zuko tuned in soon enough to hear Nanook’s complaints.
“Replace it with water.” Zuko had said quietly, causing two pairs of blue eyes to snap to him.
“What?” Tomkin said.
“The rum. Take a small amount from each bottle and replace it with water. It won’t dilute it
enough to be noticeable and it’ll mean no one will be able to see anything’s been taken.”
Zuko said simply, not liking the evil curl to Tomkin’s lips that soon became a grin.
“And getting into the hold?” Tomkin asked almost breathlessly, looking at Zuko like he’d
found something game-changing. “How do we do that?”
Zuko thought back to lessons on strategy, to scratchy paper telling past military movements.
Three types of tactic; offensive, defensive, and deceptive. “A feint attack; a diversion. One of
us sets up a distraction that gets the attention of the crew long enough for two of us to get into
the hold.”
Zuko didn’t know when this stopped being a stupid idea and started being an us, but he liked
the apprehensive fluttering his heart was doing. He remembered being a child in the palace,
how one time him and Azula hid in a cupboard for hours on end waiting for the kitchen to

empty before stealing handfuls of dumplings. They'd scrutinised the servant rotas for days
beforehand, finding the exact time the shift changes saw the kitchen completely empty for a
few momentous minutes. At the age of five and seven, it was the most incredible plot in the
world. That night, they fell asleep in Zuko’s bed, side by side, Azula facing him with her eyes
shut and cheeks still dusted with crumbs. She used to sleep in his bed a lot, until she didn’t.
That night, the room smelt of dumplings and success, and Zuko felt unstoppable. Until he
didn’t.
Zuko had felt this excitement then, too. He couldn’t help but indulge in it, and soon he was
answering every question Tomkin threw at him, swallowing a laugh when the other teenager
jumped to his feet eagerly, shaking his head when even Nanook started to consider that
perhaps this could work. The next thing Zuko knew, they’d planned it all out, and now here
he was, on lookout in the hold as Tomkin carefully poured a few millilitres of rum from each
of the bottles into a waterskin.
Eventually, the entire waterskin was full, and the bottles still looked untouched when Tomkin
slid the box shut again with a barely audible thud. The two boys shared a single look, the
silence a dizzy hum of almost, before sneaking back into the hallway. Upstairs, Nanook was
stood outside the infirmary, and Tomkin gave a subtle wave when he caught his eye to signal
they were done. Hakoda was just finished fixing the leak; oblivious.
Which brought Zuko, Tomkin and Nanook together in the back of the berth deck, where all
the warriors slept in neatly lined hammocks. Now, they were to tackle Nanook’s final
question. Even if we get the rum, then what?
Tomkin had been able to answer that one himself, blue eyes flashing mischievously.
They would simply drink it all before anyone saw.
Zuko had never had rum before. He’d had wine, the flowing red of royal events, but never
rum. It was seen as a peasant’s drink, and besides, he was hardly allowed to get drunk. It
would be indecorous.
But the Water Tribe’s version of decorous was very different to the Fire Nation’s, and Zuko
hadn’t helped plan this all out just to watch Tomkin and Nanook drink away all their bounty.
He deserved a little bit, right? Just a tiny sip...
“Earth beats fire!” Tomkin cackled, hand extended before him in a fist.
“Wait,” Zuko grumbled, quickly shifting his hand position from what was clearly supposed to
be a flame to curve his fingers; a wave, “it wasn’t fire, it was water. Water beats earth. I win.
You drink.”
“Nope,” Tomkin grinned, popping the ‘p’ sound, “I know what I saw.”
“It was water!”
“Fire!"

“Prove it!”
“Nan?!” Tomkin turned to the third boy desperately, but Nanook was currently swinging in
one of the hammocks, giggling quietly. He would be of no help.
Zuko growled in frustration, admitting defeat, before his face split into a small smile. He took
a swig of rum, the alcohol burning his throat. It warmed him the same way firebending did,
but he didn’t feel any different yet...
____
Nanook had a humiliatingly low tolerance for alcohol. Zuko and Tomkin were in the
beginnings of their game of Elements, Tomkin gradually growing tipsy – which was always
indicated by his increased sensitivity – and Zuko seeming surprisingly fine, though his pale
skin was starting to flush. Yet here was Nanook, lying in a hammock and swearing the ship
was spinning. Spirits, he was a lightweight.
“I want food.” The words tumbled from Nanook’s mouth before he even realised he was
thinking them, and he tipped sideways in the hammock, body pulling towards the galley.
Unfortunately, it would seem his body was moving quicker than his mind, and he wound up
falling directly onto Tomkin and Zuko in a pile of limbs and laughter.
“Nan, you fat prick, get off." Tomkin hissed from beneath Nanook’s arm.
“Who’s fucking elbowing me?" Zuko’s words were muffled from his face being pressed to
Nanook’s shoulder.
“Food.” Was all Nanook offered, scrambling to his feet and careening out of the berth deck.
From the floor, Tomkin and Zuko blinked in surprise, before grinning and following.
____
The three of them poked their heads around the galley’s doorframe, in the order of Nanook,
Zuko and Tomkin. Zuko always did seem to wind up between those two. Usually, he’d be
able to create detailed spiels of just why that was annoying, but now, his mind felt foggy, a
little like smoke, and the only thought he could conjure was that it was cosy. He was a Prince
with a Prince’s vocabulary, and all he he could come up with was cosy.
“Is Chop in there?” Nanook whispered, and Zuko squinted in an attempt to see the galley
better. It was a small room, blisteringly hot even for a firebender, lined with stoves and
counters and food that made Zuko’s mouth water. There was a small pantry in the back, for
storage, and Zuko couldn’t tell if the clinking he could hear was coming from there or
another part of the ship. He knew he needed to figure it out, though. The Ullaakut’s chef was
a friend of Chena’s, which said just about everything Zuko had needed to know when he first
met the man. His name was Silla, but everyone called him Chop due to his affinity for being
able to cut just about anything with, well, just about anything. He was a huge man, a
terrifying mix of fat from working as a chef and muscle from fighting as a warrior, with
tattoos all up his arms.

“Unclear,” Zuko said, and to his horror, he was starting to slur a little, “but there’s pickled
fish on the counter.”
“That settles it!” Tomkin called, because pickled fish was a favourite of his, and before the
two others could grab him and bodily haul him back, he’d launched himself into the galley.
This was around the time that Chop emerged from the pantry.
“Oi! You little shits!” He roared, lunging as Tomkin grabbed the fish.
“Run!” Tomkin screamed, and Zuko didn’t have to be told twice.
Chop chased them to the deck, swearing and yelling, and sprinting made Zuko’s lungs burn,
heart racing, but not because he thought something terrible would happen if they got caught.
No, he was laughing.
But Tomkin’s lack of coordination and Nanook’s lack of alcohol tolerance foiled him. The
two Tribesman wound up tripping over one another just as they passed the mainmast, now in
full view of the rest of the curious crew, and the three tumbled into a tangle of limbs for the
second time today, pickled fish spilling everywhere.
Zuko lifted his head, Tomkin’s legs thrown over his, his arm pinned beneath Nanook, and it
was absolutely hilarious, and hearing Tomkin and Nanook laugh with him just made it
funnier, and when Nanook snorted, Zuko had to clutch his stomach. He never knew you
could hurt from laughing.
“What in the name of the Spirits is going on?”
The three boys’ laughter choked off as they looked up blearily to see Hakoda towering over
them, hands on his hips, expression stern. The hilarity of the situation evaporated from Zuko,
leaving him indifferent. If he was sober, he’d be scared, but it was apparent that he was very
much not sober.
“They stole from me, that’s what.” Chop snarled, folding his tattooed arms over his apron.
“Yeah, prove it, asshole.” Nanook smirked, words slipping together.
“Are you three,” Hakoda narrowed his eyes in bewilderment, “drunk?”
Tomkin and Nanook looked between one another, each silently dogging the other into
answering. The response, however, came from the most unlikely of the trio.
“Would never dream of it.” Zuko said deftly, and Hakoda’s eyebrows shot up his forehead.
“Oh yeah?” Hakoda asked, but now the side of his lips was trying not to quirk upwards.
“Then explain this.”
Zuko considered that a moment, aware of the nearby crewmen watching on in shocked
amusement. “This,” Zuko eventually said, gesturing lazily, “is a very smart and convoluted
espionage mission that I have hatched, for I am very smart and convoluted.”

Here was the thing. Zuko never had been good at lying, but one time, he drank too much
wine – it had been his first time to try it, now Mother was no longer there to supervise – and
Uncle had said, guffawing with laughter, that Zuko had a wicked streak of wit, buried beneath
it all. Zuko had understood immediately; Mother had berated him endlessly for sarcasm. It
was only when once a sarcastic comment slipped out in front of Father that Zuko truly learnt
to bite his tongue. Now, that side stayed hidden.
It seemed alcohol changed things.
“No.” Kanut said in horror from where he was leaning against the ship railing, his previous
conversation with Aput and Chena interrupted by the young trio’s explosion onto the deck.
“No, no, no. Please tell me you aren’t dabbling with sarcasm now. Please, I can’t handle that.
The angst and glaring was bad enough.”
“This coming from Mr Straight-talk himself?” Chena asked, shaking his head. “You’re the
motherfucker who’s probably taught him that. Now we’re all doomed.”
“We’re still not discussing the fact that you three are clearly drunk.” Hakoda said, watching
Nanook pitifully try and get to his feet and almost stumble overboard in the process.
Zuko let his head thunk against the deck, staring at the overcast sky. It was steel grey, all
clouds and bad news, in the distance, black. The storm would hit soon, perhaps even sooner
than Tulok predicted.
“In our defence,” Zuko tried, “Aput only checks the rum every other week.”
Which, promptly, led to uproar.
The slither of sunlight – which was slowly returning with every mile the Ullaakut crawled
north - was starting to set by the time Hakoda had calmed Aput and Chena, whose response
to finding out their precious stash had been breached ranged from fury to heartbreak, both of
which were equally funny to Tomkin, who giggled endlessly like this was the greatest thing
he’d ever watched.
It took Hakoda’s steady tone as Chief – desperately trying not to smile as some of his
strongest fighters acted like children – to shut Aput and Chena up, but it was Kanut who
made them grin. He'd disappeared for a few minutes, and when he returned, he returned with
as many bottles in his hands as he could carry.
“Well,” he said, “I don’t see why those three invalids should have all the fun.”
Zuko was having a party with the Water Tribe warriors who, three weeks prior, kidnapped
him and left him bedridden from a near-fatal wound. Today was around the time said Water
Tribe warriors were supposed to hand Zuko over to a well-respected Earth Kingdom general;
a cold business deal. But they hadn’t done that. Instead, they were having a party. With Zuko.
Together.
And Zuko was undeniably having fun.

He laughed at Tomkin’s terrible puns, he dogged Kanut into a drinking game and lost, he
helped Nanook stumble to a safe corner to pass out, he even tapped his foot to the drums
someone had retrieved, watching with a grin as some of the crew danced like they had back
in the South Pole. This wasn’t like parties in the Fire Nation, because there weren’t parties in
the Fire Nation. There were gatherings, occupied by stiff old men without an essence of fun
in their entire being. Zuko had thought that was normal, had thought masculinity was
synonymous with apathy. Zuko had thought wrong.
After a few hours, Zuko was exhausted, letting himself lean against the ship’s rail to stare out
at the inky sea around him. It had never felt safe before, but now, he felt like he knew it. The
ocean was an ally. A splatter of rain landed on Zuko’s forehead, just a tiny drop, and he
revelled in it, his skin far too hot and his cheeks flushed from too much rum.
“Sometimes,” Hakoda’s voice sounded suddenly, and the Chief leaned against the rail beside
Zuko, face thoughtful, “I wonder how past me would react if he saw me now. I wonder, if I
spoke to the man I was that day, the day we met, what would he say he if he saw me here? I
think he’d laugh.”
“I think he’d call you stupid.” Zuko said, but he couldn’t help but smile a little. Talking to
Hakoda had never been easy, but they’d climbed so many walls together these past three
weeks, and the alcohol made any last hesitations slowly become meaningless. You aren’t a
prisoner anymore.
“Hey, I'm not the guy who squared up to an entire crew of warriors alone.” Hakoda pointed
out, and Zuko scoffed at his own idiocy.
“I didn’t want to leave without my swords.” He admitted, like that was any excuse.
Hakoda frowned. “Those dual ones Little Tom took?”
Zuko nodded. He'd wanted so badly to retrieve them from Tomkin, tempted more than once
to take them over these three weeks, but he’d stopped himself. He'd built up some form of
trust on the Ullaakut, a trust that was solidified in the South Pole. He couldn’t throw that
away, not even for his swords. For now, it was enough to know they were safe.
Hakoda was looking at him funny. “You know, I met a swordsman in the Earth Kingdom
once. He tried to sell me some swords like that. The dual swords, he said, are the most
reckless and daring of all weapons, and when you hold them in your hands you should fear
nothing. I didn’t buy them because of that; I knew I didn’t have the skill for it.”
Zuko flushed, and not because of the alcohol, but because he realised Hakoda was
complimenting him. If it were anything else, Zuko would want to flat out contradict the
Chief, but his swords had always been special. His swords were one thing Zuko had a good
grip on, their handles as familiar to his calloused hands as his own fire. He couldn’t keep up
with Azula with his bending, but his dual swords were his second chance to please Father.
They were his.
“I didn’t pick them for all that.” Zuko said quietly.

“No?”
He shook his head, fingers tracing his pai sho tile in his pocket; the only thing left.
“The dual swords represent a person’s duality, how both good and bad run within all of us,
two sides of one character, hero and villain. It shows how, for there to be harmony, these two
forces have to work not with the absence of one another, but with the synchroneity of both.
To use only one sword would mean to leave behind either your good half or bad half... it
would be unnatural.”
What Zuko didn’t say was that Uncle begged Zuko to leave his bad half, and Father
demanded Zuko leave his good half. He didn’t say that he’d spent his entire life grappling
with balance while everyone around him demanded he shed it. He didn’t say that, because
Zuko wasn’t evil just as he wasn’t weak. Not anymore, at least. He was learning that. He was
learning that he was only human, and for a human to be whole, there needed to be two
halves.
Hakoda still had that strange look on his face. If he were looking at anyone else, it might
have been admiration. But Zuko was just Zuko.
The rain was falling harder now, hard enough that the party was stopping in order for the
crew to throw concerned looks at the sky. It didn’t take long for Tulok to spot Hakoda.
“Chief!” He called, running over. He looked ashen. “The storm. It's worse than I thought. We
need to get everyone below deck-.”
He was cut off by a deafening explosion, a bolt of light so bright it blinded Zuko for a
moment smacking into the sea just a few metres from the ship. Lightning. The three stared
for a few seconds, the resounding thunder growling through Zuko’s bloodstream as his heart
began to thump in his chest.
“Everyone below deck now!” Hakoda roared to be heard over the rain, which was coming
down faster with every second. The crew had prepared for a storm, had tied down and moved
everything that required it. All that needed to be done now was for them to get themselves to
safety and pray.
Zuko had always felt things in extremes. He wasn’t cool like Azula or cold like Father. He
felt things and he felt them in their entire inferno. He'd often heard that alcohol was supposed
to exacerbate whatever you were feeling, but he’d also heard that it could equally numb your
feelings, too. For a person with a mind as exhausted as Zuko’s, he seemed blessed with the
latter effect, because even though his heart raced and vision narrowed, he couldn’t quite bring
himself to feel scared.
Not even as everyone around him raced below deck. Not even as he stood frozen, watching
the sky wrench itself open in a push of sheer force. Not even as the lightning struck the
mainmast and splintered through the wood like it was no more than a nuisance.
“The mast!” Chena yelled, pausing just before he reached the safety of below deck. The rain
had drenched him, brown hair sticking to his forehead, but he was unmoving against the

storm. Of course he was; he was Chena. Zuko didn’t need to like him to respect the warrior’s
brawn and sheer stubbornness.
“Come on!” Tomkin urged, grabbing Zuko’s arm and dragging him. Hakoda and Chena were
arguing, the Chief pulling at Chena the same way Tomkin pulled at Zuko, but the grey eyes
of the big warrior had honed in like they did when they found a target, and his target was the
mainmast.
Zuko realised when no one else did – because no one else had been privy to such a glare –
that Chena would not be dissuaded.
“The mast’s gonna snap if someone doesn’t fucking get up there!” Chena was shouting, and
as if to prove his point, the wooden beam of the mainmast groaned loudly, still smoking at the
top from the lightning strike. The rain had quickly extinguished any fires, but the beam had
still been weakened, a deep gash tearing through the top metre of it. It could be fixed quite
easily simply by being lashed tightly. They were heading to Weihai anyway; aware of the
oncoming storm and the possible damage they might face. So long as the mast lasted until
then, it would be fine.
But the mainmast was the highest point of the ship. No one in their right mind would climb
up there right now.
But if someone didn’t do something, the mast could break, and they’d all go down.
Hakoda was distracted by the storm and the rest of his crew. For a moment, Zuko caught
Chena’s eyes, their grey like the metal of war tanks as they flashed in the lightning. Zuko saw
something in them, and realisation dawned on him like the cold rain that slipped down his
back. He shook his head, no, but Chena had made up his mind.
The big warrior burst free, throwing Hakoda behind him so that the Chief almost fell down
the stairs below deck.
“Chena, don’t!” Hakoda cried in horror and, for the first time, terror. That was his crewman
running into the danger, but it was also his friend.
“Do your job! Keep them safe!” Chena called back, placing his foot to the first rung of the
mainmast, before he allowed a small grin. “I’ll be right fucking back.”
Tomkin was still desperately pulling Zuko, a little hysterical now, but Zuko was refusing to
move. Chena wouldn’t be back. He wouldn’t be back because Zuko could feel what no one
else could. The lightning. It breathed and toiled like a human heart, and it beat within Zuko’s
chest with enough force to bruise. He knew when it was coming next. A few minutes. He
knew where it would hit. The mainmast was the highest point of the ship.
Zuko had no weapons but a calmness stemming from inebriation and faint memories of
Uncle that day on the Erlong. He would make it enough. Chena was a stubborn piece of shit,
and he didn’t get to just die.

“Sorry.” Zuko said, looking apologetically to Tomkin. Before the other boy could ask, Zuko
shoved him below deck, and was running before Hakoda’s arms could swoop around him to
haul him back.
“The fuck, kid?” Chena snarled when Zuko clambered onto the crow’s nest with him, every
rung of the ladder he’d just climbed slippery beneath his grip. Everything was a blur up here
aside Chena, who lashed the mast tight enough for splinters to fall loose.
“You’re about to get hit by lightning, you colossal idiot." Zuko growled in response.
“You can tell? How can you tell? Hey, shit for brains, are you even listening? You need to get
the fuck down. You'll get yourself killed. I'm talking to you-.”
And then the sky broke in half, white slashing through black clouds like a blade, and Zuko
saw how Uncle had breathed in deep, moving his arms like so, and thank Agni for the rum
because the spear of white hot power was headed directly at Zuko, and if he didn’t catch it,
Chena would die, and they would all die, and once upon a time, sinking this ship had been
something he’d wished he was strong enough to do. Now, he was strong enough to stop it.
The lightning felt like having his face burned off, except now, it was in every nerve of his
body. His muscles seized and spasmed, his teeth grinding into one another to keep from
screaming, and everything began to slip as it all became pain, to the point Zuko wondered if
he’d ever felt anything else. Focussing on his movements, on controlling this wild beast, was
something Zuko still didn’t understand how he’d managed, but he had. He mimicked what
Uncle had done, he remembered what he read in Kanut’s book, he prayed, he tried not to
scream, and suddenly, all of the pain and power was shooting out of his fingertips, back out
to the sky, leaving him panting and electrified and practically vibrating, every hair on his
body stood up, but alive, for all that.
“What the actual fuck?” Chena whispered, the quiet words catching on the wind.
Through a hoarse throat, Zuko said; “Yeah.”

Chapter End Notes

If getting wankered then redirecting lightning in an honourable self-sacrifice isn’t the
epitome of adolescence then idk what is. Catch me and the girls doing exactly this next
weekend.

Chapter 14: i. After The Storm
Chapter Notes

Shameless little quote from one Heinz Doofenshmirtz to start this chappie off!! and we
have more art! It's literally incredible i can't get over it. Here, here, here, andddd here. I
literally love all of these tysm to the artists for giving me a will to live <333
alright have a lovely day and don't do anything i wouldn't do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

If Zuko had one gold piece for every time he woke up in the Ullaakut’s infirmary with no
memory of getting there, he would have two gold pieces, which wasn’t much, but still two
more than he ought to have. The first time, Zuko had woken up feeling terrified and
confused. This time, he groaned in annoyance.
“Rise and shine, Princess.” Kanut said from where he was sat on his bunk, arms crossed,
expression unrelenting. Zuko considered going back to sleep, but Kanut’s stare told him an
explanation was required, and fast.
So, Zuko tried to sit up, and promptly said; “Ow.”
Kanut’s eyes widened, knowing that could only mean Zuko was in agony. He got to his feet,
quickly making tea like Zuko had seen him do a hundred times. As usual, he scorched the tea
leaves, but Zuko was in no position to complain, because his entire body felt like it had been
scooped empty with a sharp object that had hacked at his soft flesh, now stinging with every
breath.
“So, lightning, huh?” Kanut said, watching as Zuko took a careful sip, refusing to wince as
the tea slid through him, warmth easing over his aching body.
“It’s not a big deal.”
“Please, shut up.”
“What happened?” Zuko finally dared to ask. Was Hakoda angry? Firebending on the
Ullaakut had been very specifically forbidden, and the last time Zuko firebended he burnt
Tomkin and proceeded to break down in the Chief’s arms, but was lightning redirection
considered firebending? And how did Zuko even feel about the fact he wasn’t dead? He'd
never done that before, yet it worked. He wasn’t used to his ridiculous plans working. If it
worked, that meant Chena-.
“You played catch with a storm and passed out. Chena had to catch you. It was very
romantic. Thanks to you, he fixed up the mast enough. We're in port at Weihai. Your arrogant

motherfucking ass has been out cold for an entire day.”
An entire day. Zuko... had had worse. He felt unsettled by the passing of time, by his inability
to account for this past day nor the journey from that ambiguous stretch of stormy sea to
Weihai, but Kanut’s gaze was calm, surly, if anything. If something bad had happened, Kanut
would say.
“I guess I lost no-longer-a-prisoner privileges." Zuko commented dryly, head aching every
time he tried to move.
Kanut didn’t smile. "That’s not how this works, tough guy."
“But I firebended-.”
“You really are a stubborn dumbass, you know that?” Kanut said, and Zuko frowned.
“What do you mean?" Zuko asked.
Kanut just sighed like Zuko was being particularly dense, rubbing his temples. He hadn’t
touched his tea. “Hakoda wants to see you in his cabin.”
Oh. This was familiar. Zuko felt suddenly like he was waking up on the Ullaakut for the first
time. Strange men with strange names and strange customs, each wanting him killed in their
own personal way. But that was ridiculous, and Zuko forced himself to swallow that phantom
fear. These men weren’t strange; they were the Southern Water Tribe warriors. He knew their
names and how they sounded from each person. He knew their customs and their spirituality
and depth. He... trusted them
Zuko got to his feet a little uneasily, but the pain was starting to eb. With dawning shock,
Zuko realised Kanut had put something in his tea. For the pain, though the danger was still
there. What if it hadn’t been a simple painkiller? And with that thought in mind, why was
Zuko’s only instinct to swallow a smirk?
Just before he left, Zuko thought to ask, turning to Kanut; “Is the crew okay?”
He meant the storm. Kanut knew that. That didn’t change his answer. “We’re all a bit jaded at
the realisation that you’re powerful enough to have killed us very easily these past three
weeks. We got lucky.”
Something deep within Zuko toiled at that, uncomfortable under Kanut’s heavy eyes. He
hadn’t had to say something like this in weeks. He didn’t like the possibility that he was back
to this.
“It’s not luck. I’m not just going to kill people for the sake of it.” And I'm not that powerful,
he left unsaid. Kanut was looking at him so strangely. Just as Zuko left the infirmary, Kanut
spoke again, quietly.
“That’s not what I meant." The healer murmured, staring at his hands.
____

That wasn’t what Kanut meant at all.
Kanut remembered watching in horror, barely being held back by Aput, as Zuko dashed up
the mainmast. Kanut remembered his furious yells being snatched away by the storm,
silenced. Kanut remembered being helpless as the lightning escaped the sky, hitting Zuko’s
small, stubborn body. He'd thought in that moment; he isn’t going to make it. He had never
thought that before. Not when Zuko was taken to his infirmary with a lacerated back. Not
when Zuko firebended on the deck in front of a dozen men raised to respond to fire with
blood. Not when Hakoda told him of what happened on the bowsprit when Zuko came
millimetres from plunging into the ocean. Not when Zuko was brought to the South Pole and
burned Tomkin.
Even when everything was against Zuko, Kanut had never considered he wouldn’t make it.
There was a stubborn toughness in the kid, a grit, a strength, a desire to keep going. Resilient.
His upbringing had made him so. Soft skin can only heal soft so many times; Kanut knew it
hardened sooner or later.
So when he looked at this teenage boy, this epitome of survival, this palimpsest of Kanut’s
own self, and realised that he genuinely didn’t know how Zuko would get out of it this time,
Kanut felt everything in him shut down in pure terror.
But he should’ve known better. Zuko wouldn’t be beat so easily, least of all by one small
storm. He was one of the strongest, bravest people Kanut knew. That was what he meant
when he said the crew were lucky.
Lucky, not because Zuko chose not to kill them when it was now apparent he could have
done.
Lucky, because they found Zuko, and he saved them.
Lucky, because if they picked any other soldier from that ship that day, they could be dead a
hundred times over by now.
Lucky, because Zuko was good.
____
Hakoda looked up in surprise when Zuko entered his cabin, head previously craned over a
spread of letters before him.
“Kanut told me you wanted to see me?” It wasn’t supposed to be a question, but Hakoda
looked genuinely confused, concerned, by Zuko’s presence in his cabin. He must have heard
Zuko’s sheepishness, because he allowed a small smile. Not very annoyed, then.
“I told him to come get me. You shouldn’t be walking about." Hakoda explained, and now it
was Zuko’s turn to frown. He'd effectively just been kicked out of the infirmary and he hadn’t
even realised.
“Why would he-?”

“You scared him. Kanut isn’t great at having emotions forced on him, but you really scared
him. Can't have the great Sea Serpent of the South losing his nephew now, can we?” Hakoda
smiled, trying to stay casual despite the deep anxiety in his eyes as he quickly looked Zuko
over, as if searching for wounds. Zuko scowled instinctively at the now very old, very
unfunny joke regarding Kanut, swallowing the phantom smell of jasmine tea and brushing his
fingertips against his pai sho tile. But then, Zuko flushed a little at the prospect of Kanut,
Kanut, scared for him as he lay unconscious.
“How do you feel?” Hakoda asked.
“Like I got hit by lightning.” Zuko said, and Hakoda released a surprised chuckle, rubbing
the back of his neck.
“Fair enough." He nodded.
Zuko couldn’t take it anymore.
“If you’re annoyed, I’m sorry. I know you said no firebending, and you didn’t know I could
do that, but I don’t know if it’s even strictly considered firebending, and I didn’t know I could
do it either, so-.”
Hakoda held up a hand and Zuko silenced. The Chief’s lips were parted in shock, eyes wide,
and Zuko quickly tried to figure out what he must have said to concern the man so much, but
couldn’t think of anything.
“Zuko, I..." Hakoda cut himself off, eyebrows pulling together. “I’m not annoyed. At all.
Even if it had been typical firebending, doing what you did saved the lives of the entire crew.
I... of course I'm not annoyed. I wanted to talk to you to thank you. And-… did you just say
you didn’t know you could do that? As in, you weren’t sure you’d survive it?”
Zuko swallowed, unable to help the way his shoulders slumped in relief upon the words ’I’m
not annoyed’. That still didn’t explain why Hakoda was looking at him like that.
“It’s not a formal technique. I’m pretty sure my uncle invented it; I saw him do it on the
Erlong, in a similar storm. I thought it was worth a shot?” Zuko said, the end of his sentence
trailing up in pitch, an accidental question, because Hakoda’s gaze was relentless, like Zuko’s
words were consistently missing the mark.
They were quiet for some time, Zuko anxiously trying not to stir beneath the Chief’s stare.
Finally, Hakoda blinked.
“Zuko,” Hakoda said steadily, “exactly how good a firebender are you?”
That wasn’t the question Zuko expected, and he frowned in confused surprise. Zuko knew in
his very bones how good a firebender he was; in that, he wasn’t. He was subpar, unable to
keep up with his little sister, for Agni’s sake. Father had reminded him at every junction,
Mother told him not to worry, Uncle desperately tried to train him but Zuko could never
achieve what he wanted. Zuko was a long line of adequate, which would be fine, if he
weren’t the Crown Prince.

“I’m not considered very good amongst the family.” Zuko said sheepishly, and he hated
himself. He wanted to impress Hakoda. It was different to the way Zuko wanted to impress
Father. He wanted to impress Father because it was the only way he knew that made his
father actually show a semblance of affection, and he craved that. But he wanted to impress
Hakoda because he respected him, and he ached at the prospect of that respect being echoed,
even a little. But that wouldn’t happen, because Zuko was going to have to explain, in detail,
just how shit he was, as if it weren’t blindingly obvious.
“Your family only has three living members, yes?” Hakoda asked bluntly, and Zuko nodded.
“And you’re the worst firebender of the three?”
Zuko’s nod was firmer, quicker, confirming a fact he’d had drilled into him since infancy.
“And the royal family are the best firebenders in the entire nation, I gather?” Hakoda asked,
and this time, Zuko hesitated, because that wasn’t where he thought this conversation was
going.
“Well... yes, but... but that’s..."
“So, you’re the fourth best firebender in the entire Fire Nation.” Hakoda summarised. Zuko's
mouth felt dry. “That is your definition of ‘not very good’.”
Zuko just stared. He’d never thought of it like that. Fourth best firebender in the entire Fire
Nation. The words made his stomach stumble within him like it had when he was drunk. His
entire life, he’d only ever seen the people around him, his family. He only ever saw Azula,
her ruthless skill, her inimitable ability to achieve, achieve, achieve. Relentless. He could
never even hope to keep up. He took that fact and let it choke him, but Hakoda was now
loosening the noose. It still hung around Zuko’s neck, but it was limp, and he could breathe.
Fourth best firebender in the entire Fire Nation.
“Thank you.” Zuko whispered, and two words didn’t feel like enough. He didn’t know what
else to say, but he wasn’t just thanking Hakoda for the compliment. He was thanking him for
a thousand things. Thank you for not killing me when you could have, should have. Thank
you for choosing to hug me instead of hit me. Thank you for listening and understanding.
Thank you for giving me the choice to leave. Thank you for giving me the choice to stay.
Thank you for this. Thank you for everything.
Hakoda must have understood the complex intent behind Zuko’s simple response, because he
smiled a wide, happy smile.
“I ought to thank you, too.” Hakoda said earnestly, and Zuko’s stomach dipped. “You saved
my life and the lives of our crew. You showed bravery and honour without hesitation.”
Zuko came in here with an apology on his lips and was instead hearing commendation
ringing through his mind. He felt childishly warm, almost giddy. Honour. Hakoda thought he
was honourable. His heart thundered louder than the storm. He had said our crew.

Hakoda was watching him with a mysterious contentment in his blue eyes, before he seemed
to blink himself back to reality.
“Last night’s storm tired itself out not long after you collapsed. We made port at Weihai this
morning.” Hakoda said with a tired sigh. “We’re just here for supplies and to fix the mast
properly. I don’t want to stay too long. Would you mind staying on the ship? Fong ought to
have called back his soldiers from the rendezvous by now, but I don’t want to take any
chances.”
Zuko nodded in grim understanding. The threat of the Earth Kingdom, his near miss,
Hakoda’s mercy, still made his fingers tremble. These guys don’t mess about. You've had it
very easy here, and you need to understand that. If you misspeak, misbehave, or so much as
look at them wrong, then they won’t hesitate to break you. Zuko wasn’t the Fire Prince
anymore to these warriors, but to the Earth Kingdom, who were so much more embroiled in
this war than the Southern Water Tribe, Zuko would be nothing more than a bartering tool.
Father would be informed, be involved, and Zuko would be broken. They wouldn’t even feel
bad.
“Of course, you might want to go on deck just for a little bit. Chena’s been waiting for you to
wake up.” Hakoda said, smile evil, blue gaze lidded.
Zuko thought of the inevitable encounter with the big warrior, knowing he would have to
explain to Chena why he’d protected him, knowing Chena would probably enjoy this, would
probably think this meant he’d won the feud between them.
Zuko groaned, before nodding.
____
Zuko was just leaving when Hakoda thought to ask one more thing.
“Your Highness?” Hakoda asked, drumming his fingers against his desk. Zuko turned from
where he stood by the door, already frowning in concern, as if he expected Hakoda to reveal
all his previous words had been nothing but trickery. It felt like a kick to the ribs whenever
Zuko reacted to common kindnesses like that, but Hakoda got by on the fact that, every day,
these reactions lessened, slowly becoming unnatural.
“I need you to make me a promise.” Hakoda said, and he remembered the last promise, the
only promise, made between the pair. A promise of fair treatment. It wasn't enough. Zuko
deserved so much more than fair, Hakoda knew that now.
“What kind of promise?” Zuko asked, suspicious.
Hakoda smiled a small smile, but he couldn’t force down all of his apprehension. For all his
casualness, his words had weight.
“I need you to promise me that from now on, whatever you do, you’ll think things through
first. No more running off to redirect lightning on the off chance you won’t die.” Hakoda said
gruffly. “Promise?”

Because Zuko’s track record of short-sighted, suicidal plans was about as bad on Hakoda’s
nerves as the knowledge that Sokka and Katara had witnessed multiple volcanic eruptions.
Zuko should have died ten times over. It seemed the Spirits had their eye on him, but it
wasn’t enough anymore. Hakoda had sworn he would keep Zuko safe, but he couldn’t do that
if Zuko’s low opinion of himself fought Hakoda at every junction.
Zuko smirked, rolling his eyes like Katara used to when Hakoda fussed too much.
“I promise.”
____
Chena was pacing, which was something he’d been doing for an entire day. He paced with a
fervour, like he was seeing which would wear first; the deck or his shoes. He had been pacing
ever since he’d managed to – with a lot of difficulty – get the Fire Prince to the infirmary.
The Fire Prince who was smoking slightly, the Fire Prince who had just caught a bolt of
lightning and promptly chucked it in the other direction, the Fire Prince who, Chena decided,
was the biggest idiot on the Ullaakut. That was a very bold statement to make.
And the Fire Prince who Chena now owed his life to.
Fuck.
“You not going into the town at all?" Aput asked from where he was watching his friend
pace, leaning casually against the fixed mainmast. It was a push to call Weihai a town. It was
a port, first and foremost, with a few shops and houses built in the sturdy, wooden Earth
Kingdom style scattered around. It was still a little too far south for much shrubbery to
survive the cold, and the people here were as bitter as the air, but despite that, the crew of the
Ullaakut had been desperate to stretch their legs, and most wandered off within the first few
minutes of being in port. Not Chena. Not today. He couldn’t get out of his head, let alone off
the ship. He was waiting, which required a lot of pacing.
“No.” Chena responded gruffly.
Aput smirked. “Thinking about your knight in shining armour? How does it feel to be saved
by a teenager?"
Like Chena had been the one to be hit by lightning.
“Do you have nothing better to do other than watch my pride burn?” Chena asked, tone
venomous but half-hearted.
“Ha, firebending pun. I like it." Aput said, and Chena growled in frustration.
That was when he heard footsteps, someone coming onto the deck, tread light and
purposeful; the grace of royal training, the elegance of a palace. Chena whirled, and there
was Prince Zuko. He looked completely fine. A little dazed, but fine. He had been hit by
lightning and he was fine. Chena's instinct to reel away from that, his fear and hatred of
firebenders and what they were capable of, sizzled angrily within him. There had been a

strange tension amongst the crew since last night’s events, a camelephant in the room. They'd
all assumed that Prince Zuko was hot-headed and dangerous, but no match for an entire crew
of skilled warriors. Last night, the Prince showed them that that might not be the case. They
were all trying to figure out why the Fire Prince hadn’t killed them all, and Chena wanted to
be cynical and say that Prince Zuko was plotting something, but this firebender had saved his
life. With firebending.
It didn’t make sense.
Chena glared at Prince Zuko. Prince Zuko glared right back. The hatred in the air was
palpable, the uncertainty of violence crawling over Chena's skin, his fingers twitching with
the desire for a machete, or anything.
Chena turned his glare on Aput, who refused to read the atmosphere, shown by how he
continued to lean against the mainmast, smiling a little.
“This is nice.” Aput said.
Chena didn’t return his smile. “Aput?”
“Yeah?”
“Fuck off.”
“Got it.”
Chena waited until the other warrior had walked completely down the gangplank, feet
landing firmly on the soft banks of Weihai, and then Chena continued to wait, until Aput was
nothing more than a blob of blue in a sea of green. He wasn’t stalling, he was just... just...
Okay, yes, he was stalling.
“For starters,” Chena said, “I still don’t fucking like you.”
Prince Zuko nodded. “The feeling is mutual.”
“However,” Chena felt the words physically fight to stay unspoken, “I don’t like you because
of... something else now. Like, I have a lot of reasons to not like you, but you’ve given me...
less reasons. It's not to do with you being... Fire Nation... anymore. I just don’t like you as a
person. That doesn’t mean I'm not... grateful-.”
“Please tell me you’re not trying to apologise again. I will pay you to not do that.” Prince
Zuko urged, clearly feeling just as awkward as Chena. The casual dismissal only enraged
Chena further, and it was suddenly a lot easier to talk now he knew Prince Zuko wasn’t
enjoying himself at all. Chena had expected the Prince to grow smug, arrogant,
condescending when Chena had to inevitably thank him for saving his life. That wasn’t what
was happening. It seemed that if the two of them were ever going to have anything in
common, it would be this; their hatred for verbal proclamations of emotion.

“Shut the fuck up, you little brat. If I want to apologise, I'll fucking apologise. Even though I
was actually going to thank you.” Every word made the Prince look more and more awkward,
and Chena was starting to enjoy himself a little. “You know what? Fuck you, I'm gonna do
both.”
“You don’t have to-.”
“Thank you for saving my life,” Chena said proudly, “and I’m sorry I never gave you a
chance. You might not be the homicidal ashmaker I assumed.”
Prince Zuko looked like he’d rather be anywhere else, rubbing the back of his neck and
eyeing Weihai to his right like he was forcibly resisting the urge to jump overboard.
“It’s not a big deal.” The Prince finally mumbled, and Chena couldn’t help but snort. Spirits,
he’d seen this boy bend lightning last night, and still, it was impossible for Chena to quite see
him as a serious threat anymore. He was just a kid. An awkward, mumbling kid.
Chena's smile slowly fell. He remembered slashing his machete down, cutting through
armour that was too thin to begin with; decorative – a Prince was never supposed to see
battle, slicing young skin and watching red bloom in his wake. Prince Zuko would always
have that scar. There weren’t enough apologies in the world that would ever get rid of that
scar. This was the first time the thought didn’t make Chena smug. Now, he felt uneasy, like
he was watching someone pull the wings off bumble-flies.
The sudden emotion for the Fire Prince was, frankly, revolting, and Chena swallowed it
quickly.
“I'm going to town.” Chena declared, because he needed to punch a tree or some shit before
he screamed. “Stay here and don’t cause trouble. We're even now.”
“How does you almost breaking my arm in the South Pole and me saving you from lightning
make us even?”
“Stay on the ship.” Chena called over his shoulder as he stomped down the gangplank,
swallowing a laugh at the Prince’s perplexed growl. “I don't have the energy to deal with you
getting snatched up by the Earth Kingdom.”
Chena didn’t like Prince Zuko. He didn't like the kid’s stubbornness and he didn’t like his
refusal to give up and he certainly didn’t like how awkward he got at even the insinuation of
human emotions.
He didn’t like him.
At all.
Not even a little bit.
____

The merchant watched the Water Tribe ship lift their anchor, retracting their gangplank and
slowly pulling out of port. Weihai was a small town, its sole purpose being to make the
journey from the South Pole to the main Earth Kingdom more bearable. There was a
population here of a few hundred; fishermen and elderly and merchants. Nothing ever
happened. Ships came and went and no one ever stayed.
Which was what made the Colonel so interesting.
The merchant was old and weathered by this bland world of his. He knew his way around
things. He sold clothing and fabrics, sewn by his own hands. The material wasn’t fine, but he
took pride in its sturdiness. Crewmen weren’t looking for finery; they were looking for
effectiveness.
He knew the type of people who came into his shop. They knew what they wanted, barely
browsed, paid what they had to, and never returned. The Colonel stood out. It wasn’t just the
green uniform that showed her respectable military position, which was finer than any fabric
in the merchant’s entire store, but that she was so staggeringly atmospheric. She was middleaged and tall, her features drawn up proudly, skin a rich tan and smoothed out a little too
perfectly, and charcoal black hair that fell to the base of her spine in a merciless ponytail. It
was her eyes that stuck with the merchant the most. They were a deep green, like the heart of
a forest, and they seemed to pass over every single crevice of the store.
She was interesting. She didn’t fit the usual clientele. She browsed, pausing by the large
window to the side of the shop. The merchant was the closest to the port, his window looking
out over the ships and ocean beyond. He could see everything from here.
“Good morning, my dear.” The merchant had tried, because truthfully, the woman was
unsettling him. “Can I help you?”
When she spoke, her voice was smooth and deep and omniscient. “Yes,” she had smiled, “I
think you can.”
Her request was simple. She would be staying at a B&B a few streets away for a little while,
and she couldn’t be everywhere at once. The merchant would alert her if any Water Tribe
ships arrived. That was all.
“Expecting someone?” The merchant had winked, before having to pull out the handkerchief
he kept on him, coughing into the white fabric. It was stained slightly pink now.
Colonel Tovah chuckled. “Something like that.”
And now, the merchant was watching the Water Tribe ship leave port. It had only stayed a
few hours. The merchant had sent word as soon as they docked, and had watched the ship
ever since. Not much had happened, but he took note of the crewmen nonetheless. There was
something about Tovah that demanded detail, and something that made the merchant
reluctant to cross her.
“You missed them.” The merchant said when the tall woman entered the store. She looked
the same as the last time they met; not a hair out of place.

“I was sightseeing.” Tovah said with the air of someone who was not sightseeing.
“I watched the ship, took details of their appearances. If you’re looking for someone in
particular, I can describe who I saw.” The merchant suggested, a wry glint in his eyes.
The merchant was old and weathered by this bland world of his, and he knew his way around
things. He knew nothing came free. He knew Tovah needed this information for whatever
reason. He knew he was valuable to her.
“Please,” Tovah arched an elegant eyebrow, “tell me everything.”
The merchant sighed dramatically. “I am old, though, my dear. My mind fails me, perhaps if I
had something to jog my memory?”
Tovah watched him a moment, before her lips curled into a smile. It was more reminiscent of
a predator baring its teeth.
“Of course." Tovah said, before pulling out a purse that jingled promisingly from her pocket.
The merchant eyed it hungrily, reaching for it. He could tell it would be enough, and the
thought made him jittery, but just before he could clutch it, Tovah moved. It was such a quick
movement, a snappish jerk of her wrist, and suddenly, she was examining the merchant’s
hand, holding him in place.
“Your fingernails are blue.” Tovah observed with an air of boredom.
The merchant swallowed his sudden nerves. “Old age.”
“Is it?” Tovah narrowed her eyes, and when the merchant tried to pull back his hand, she
tightened her grip, her perfectly manicured nails digging into his wrinkled skin. “When you
cough, there’s blood in your spit. Rare, yet you shrug it off like you’re used to it. Your
fingernails are blue and your pupils are pinpointed, and your skin,” she swiped a finger over
his hand, “is incredibly clammy. You latched onto the thought of money but we both know
you won’t be spending it on your store. You have all the symptoms of an opium addiction.
Might I point out that opium was made illegal in the Earth Kingdom decades ago. It wouldn’t
take much for me to mention your little problem to the local soldiers. They would have no
qualms removing one frail, old man.”
Tovah watched. The merchant was trembling, heart racing in his chest in terror. For a few
seconds, he could only stand frozen, everything around him, his home, his life, his world,
threatening to split in two in this woman’s hands.
“I suggest,” Tovah said, and she was still smiling so easily, “that you tell me everything you
know, and we’ll keep this little exchange,” her smile grew, “between us. Yes, my dear?”
The merchant swallowed thickly, before nodding. Tovah released his hand, flipped her
ponytail over her shoulder, and listened to what the merchant told her. And he did tell her. He
told her everything, voice shaking, throat tight. He told her of the Water Tribe warriors, how
one of the younger ones looked a little different and didn’t leave the ship. At this detail,
Tovah honed in, and her questions on him were relentless to the point she wanted to know

even the boy’s hair colour. The merchant had only seen the boy’s right side from a distance,
but Tovah seemed satisfied. When he was done, Tovah nodded once.
She left, taking the money with her. The merchant never saw her again.
____
Tovah had not been sightseeing before her visit to the merchant’s, and she certainly hadn’t
‘missed’ the Water Tribe ship. Everything that happened today happened because Tovah
wanted it to.
General Fong had assigned her to Weihai, a few of his soldiers already in the small town after
having dispatched when it was too late to inform them of Chief Hakoda’s letter. Fong was
almost certain the Water Tribe would make port here, despite cancelling their rendezvous.
He'd sent men towards Ba Sing Se after Chief Hakoda's tip off, and Tovah's own superiors
were headed that way, convinced of the Water Tribe's honesty. But Tovah knew not to
underestimate anyone, and Fong wanted her to quietly observe, just to see if there were any
discrepancies with Chief Hakoda’s story. It was the smartest thing Fong had suggested in
weeks.
Within her first hour in the town, Tovah took note of the merchant’s store. It was a perfect
spot, what with its window outlooking the port. She first approached him then, making her
offer. His symptoms were glaringly obvious, but Tovah rarely allowed confidence without
some form of certainty. Her line of work couldn't afford mistakes. She had to know
everything, or know nothing. Of course, the merchant hardly made it difficult. He closed
early that night. He didn’t go home. He met with a hooded man in the shadow of a brothel.
As soon as the pair split, Tovah approached the hooded man. It's incredible what a man will
spill when at the end of a knife. He told her what she already suspected, and he gave her two
purses full of Earth Kingdom money. There was an irony in that.
After, Tovah spent her time assessing the locals. It was habit more than anything. Tovah’s
first instinct upon meeting someone was to completely scrutinise them, analysing them,
drawing out their weaknesses and, even better, unpicking their secrets. Tovah was a nonbender working in the shadows of her field of expertise; manipulation was her weapon, and
her mind was deadly.
Tovah’s handful of soldiers kept their heads down for their short stint in Weihai. General
Fong had been very clear in his briefing. If the Water Tribe thought the Earth Kingdom were
doubting them, things could get tense, and the last thing they needed was Chief Hakoda
withholding information on the Fire Prince like a petulant child refusing to share his toys. So,
Tovah and the others were to be a secret force of authority, working for the greater good. Not
unlike the Dai Li of Ba Sing Se, General Fong had gone on to muse. Tovah found that
comment particularly amusing.
The merchant sent word as soon as the Water Tribe made port, more obedient than Tovah
ever could have hoped. Tovah knew he expected her to come running to his store, grateful for
his compliance, but she would do no such thing. The merchant knew no more than she did;
only that the ship had made port. If she left him for a few hours, then perhaps he would use

his initiative to observe the crewmen. Aside that, he was now useless to Tovah, and she
discarded him from her mind for the rest of the day.
She had other business to attend to, in the back allies of Weihai.
A family of three. A mother, father, and daughter, walking to their house. Tovah had watched
them for days. The child was five-years-old and always looked a little grubby. The mother’s
fingers were covered in small bandages; a seamstress. And the father... the father was the one
Tovah was after. He was a fisherman. Every morning, he woke up at dawn and walked from
his small house at the back of the village all the way to the port. His boat was the smallest of
all the fishermen’s, his eyes the most sunken, his cheekbones the most pronounced.
Yesterday, he’d returned from sea looking more vacant than usual. His hull had been
damaged. He couldn’t afford to fix it.
Fong hadn’t instructed Tovah to do this, but Tovah understood the complexities of planning.
Fong saw only the present; Tovah saw the future. The General hadn’t yet asked the question
of what happened after Weihai. What happened when Tovah returned with nothing to report,
leaving it too late to come back and find the long-departed Water Tribe? No, Tovah would
deal with this herself. She needed a way of tracking the Water Tribe’s movements, just until
she was sure they would uphold their end of this new, fragile alliance. But the ship she came
here in was big, bulky, distinctively Earth Kingdom. This struggling father however... well,
his boat was the smallest of all the fishermen’s.
“Excuse me?” Tovah had asked sweetly, making the family stop in their tracks. Conversation
in this part of town was rare and usually dangerous.
“Is everything alright?” The father asked, subtly pushing his curious daughter behind him.
Tovah threw a purse at the man in an elegant arc, and he caught it with a fumble, the sound of
coins smacking together filling the alley.
“There is a Water Tribe ship docked right now.” Tovah said, holding the man’s confused
stare. “You’re going to ready your boat and stay in it. I can’t know when they’ll leave, but
when they do, you’re going to follow them. Keep a good distance, though. I don’t want any
suspicion. As soon as they make their next port, you send word back to me here in Weihai.
Do you understand?”
It was clear from the man’s stuttering expression that he did not understand. His wife was
smart enough to look scared, but he couldn’t help but clutch the money in his hand a little
tighter.
“Why would I help you?” The man finally braved. “I don’t want any trouble.”
Tovah sighed, before turning her green gaze on the little girl. The mother visibly stiffened,
holding her daughter’s shoulder, like that would protect her from Tovah.
“What’s your name, sweetheart?” Tovah asked softly.

“Kyo.” The little girl answered quietly, making her mother tug at her in warning. There was a
tension in the alley that hadn’t been there a minute ago. Fear. It was an emotion Tovah learnt
to wield long ago. Information was such a powerful tool, and when it came to manipulation,
Tovah was a master.
“Well, Kyo,” Tovah’s sweet smile widened, “do you know how easy it is for a fisherman’s
boat to be upturned when out at sea?”
Kyo choked in a breath of horrified surprise, her mother pulling her into her arms and
holding her close.
“It really doesn’t take much. A little nudge, a little too much force. And with such a small
boat...” Tovah flicked her gaze to the father, who’d gone pale, “no one would suspect any
malignance behind it. Everyone always says drowning is such a peaceful way to go. I've
heard different. I've heard it feels like claws raking down your throat-.”
“Stop!” The mother begged, and Tovah did, knowing it had worked.
That was her threat. Tovah was very good at threats. Kyo was starting to cry quietly, her
mumbled demands of if her father was safe when he left to work being hushed by her
terrified mother. Tovah looked back at the fisherman, the feigned sweetness falling from her.
“You will go to your boat. Now.” Tovah ordered.
“I... I can’t.” The man stammered pathetically. “My hull, it got damaged yesterday.”
Tovah flicked her gaze to the money still clutched in the fisherman’s hand. “You didn’t
honestly think that money was for your own personal use, did you?”
She watched him connect the dots in his mind, watched him realise how inescapable Tovah
truly was. He didn’t argue further, and Tovah left the parents to deal with their crying child.
Of course, afterwards, the merchant had decided to surprise her. He’d used his initiative like
Tovah had hoped, but to her delight, he’d tried to play her, and at her own game, no less. It
didn’t matter; Tovah got what she wanted.
If the merchant was right, and he had no reason to lie, then the Fire Prince was still with the
Water Tribe. Tovah didn’t know if that meant they wanted him for their own bartering and
were cutting off any competition the Earth Kingdom presented, but she did know she was
suddenly very happy to have enlisted the fisherman’s help.
Wherever the Water Tribe went, wherever the Prince went, Tovah would follow.

Chapter End Notes

TOVAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!

Chapter 15: i. Tomkin Fraternises With The Earth Kingdom
Chapter Notes

you all went feral for tovah YOU WERENT SUPPOSED TO SIMP ON HER for fucks
sake i can't take you guys anywhere smhhave a good day or whatever and absolutely DO NOT under ANY CIRCUMSTANCES
do anything I wouldn’t do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There were memories here. Strange things, half-buried like the scattered shells nearby and
just as brittle. Zuko was stood on a beach, looking out at the ocean, the waves lapping against
his ankles and the breeze reeking of salt.
They’d made a camp on the coast of a nearby Earth Kingdom town, Gaoling, after leaving
Weihai a few days ago. The Chief had decided they would stay here for a little while. The
warriors in Chameleon Bay were expecting their fellow Tribesmen soon, but they’d made
better time than they’d expected, and Hakoda was desperate for his Second, Bato, to finally
reunite with them. This wasn’t an official port and the Ullaakut was simply docked amongst
the sand, anchor buried deep down, but the buildings of Gaoling were clear behind the
treeline, and the beach gave the warriors space to pitch their tents.
And while the Southern Water Tribe warriors milled about, Zuko stood on the beach,
entranced. There were memories here. This ocean was different than the one in the South
Pole. No ice, no snow, no darkness. The sun was back. For the first time in far too long, Zuko
felt awake. It was a strange fullness, like he’d been flagging for days on end only to have his
energy finally replenished. Agni had returned to him with each mile, and now his orange rays
swam over the loose sand. The days were still shorter than they were in the Fire Nation, but
the deeper they delved into the Earth Kingdom, the more normal everything felt. And Zuko
felt good. Nothing substantial was actually different. The Ullaakut still stood proud as always
and the men chattered to one another as always. Nothing had changed, just a few more hours
of sunlight, and yet the world was just... better.
Maybe because Zuko was finally on land. Real land, not ice, or the swaying deck of a ship.
Maybe because Zuko had always loved coming to the beach. That was something he
inherited from his mother.
He saw her here; strange, half-buried, brittle. He saw her long hair twirling in the breeze. He
saw her chasing him into the sea. He saw himself, a child, laughing. He saw Azula before the
world convinced her happiness was something to swallow. He saw Mother teaching him how
to swim. He saw himself in turn teaching Azula. She'd hated it, the vulnerability of the ocean,

having to place her weight in Zuko’s hands and trust he wouldn’t let her drown. He hadn’t,
then. He swore he never would. Yet now, as he stared out at the ocean, his mother’s phantom
touch lingering on his shoulder, he wondered if knowing Azula could swim was any excuse
to abandon her to the waves.
Zuko also wondered what his mother would tell him now, because he was finally on land. He
could leave right now, Hakoda had even said he could. He could leave Gaoling, walk straight
through the Si Wong Desert until he made it to the heart of the Earth Kingdom. The Earth
Kingdom; the place he last saw Uncle. If he’d known that day on the Erlong when he pulled
away that ladder, that the last expression he’d see on his uncle’s face would be that of abject
horror, would he still have done the things he did?
Zuko pulled out his pai sho tile. He'd traced it so many times that the white lotus symbol was
starting to fade a little. He felt the urge to hurl it into the ocean, but stopped himself. This was
a sea of memories, and memories were things of the past. Zuko knew his journey here wasn’t
over. When it was, he’d give this tile to Uncle. He'd play him in a game of pai sho. He'd lose,
and for once, he wouldn’t lose his temper. Seeing Uncle Iroh laugh, pour tea that wasn’t
scorched like Kanut’s - that would be enough. Zuko missed him. He was ready to admit that.
He didn’t think it was weak anymore. He wouldn’t start telling Uncle’s stupid jokes or going
on monologues about his ridiculous proverbs anytime soon, but in this quiet corner of the
beach where his mother’s presence felt so suddenly poignant, Zuko could admit that he
missed his uncle.
He could also admit that he wouldn’t leave the Water Tribe. Not yet. The temptation to walk
off into the treeline and not look back was fleeting, instinctive, but Zuko didn’t really want it.
He knew he should want it. He should want to evade his captors and return to hunting the
Avatar - Agni knew how far behind on his search he was now – and he knew he was hardly a
permanent member of the tribe, because that could never work. But still, Zuko stayed put.
And he couldn’t quite figure out why.
Perhaps because he made that promise to Hakoda.
Zuko worked his jaw. Yes, that had to be it. He promised he’d plan things thoroughly now.
He owed Hakoda enough to honour that promise, and saying he’d start thinking things
through did not mean waltzing off into a desert with no supplies or forethought. That was
why Zuko wasn’t taking this opportunity to leave. There was no other reason.
“Zuko!” Nanook called suddenly, pulling Zuko from his bittersweet thoughts with a small
smile, because he knew Nanook also meant Tomkin, and those two always meant the rest of
the Water Tribe with their quirks and bad humour.
No other reason at all.
“Heads up!” Nanook yelled again. Zuko ducked quickly, both instinct and spending too long
with the Water Tribe’s youngest crewmen, and just missed a wave of water splashed towards
him by Nanook.
“What the fuck, Nan?” Zuko growled, before noticing that Tomkin was now dripping wet on
Zuko’s other side.

“For the love of Tui, Nanook! I was gonna sneak up on him!” Tomkin cried, dismayed, and
Nanook cackled, slapping a hand to Zuko’s shoulder.
“I’ve said it a hundred times, Little Tom, he’s grounded.” Nanook urged, and Zuko rolled his
eyes.
Ever since the lightning incident, Nanook had gone into a fierce protective state of Zuko.
Every time Zuko did something even remotely risky, Nanook would latch onto whichever of
Zuko’s limbs were closest. It wasn’t exactly hugging, more a vicelike, inescapable grip, but...
it wasn’t terrible. Tomkin said Nanook was in ‘mama-polar-bear' mode. Nanook simply said
Zuko was grounded and that he wouldn’t be letting him out of his sight anytime soon. Zuko
knew he was supposed to find it annoying, and he did, but only at surface level. He’d never
had someone be protective of him before, not since his mother.
Agni, was she everywhere today?
“Brooding?” Tomkin asked once he was done dramatically shaking his clothes, as if that
would dry them. It was strange seeing the Water Tribe without their thick anoraks and
mukluks, stripped down to their undershirts, some going barefoot. They insisted it was far too
hot. Zuko still felt a little cold, but said nothing. He wasn’t a baby.
“I don’t brood-.”
“Oh,” Tomkin clutched his heart, swooning heavily against Zuko, “watch me not-brood as I
stare wistfully at the ocean, pondering my past and future and the dashingly handsome Water
Tribe boy beside me-!”
Zuko elbowed Tomkin in the ribs, kicking out his legs in an elegant, practised move, and the
next second, Tomkin was crashing down into the water. Nanook erupted in laughter, and
Zuko couldn’t help but chuckle. It seemed Tomkin looking stupid was one sure-fire way of
always making him laugh, and right now, drenched and with his usual odd ponytail sticking
to his forehead, Tomkin looked very stupid.
Tomkin, tellingly, didn’t appreciate this. Zuko felt a hand grab his leg and suddenly, he was
yanked down, freezing water submerging him with all the shock of a punch to the face. He
sat up, hands pushing into the sludgy sand beneath him, and gasped in a breath.
“You piece of-!”
“Hey, Fire Princess!” Chena yelled suddenly, cutting off Zuko’s outrage and making him turn
to see the big warrior stomping towards them. The sight didn’t make Zuko’s stomach twist
like it usually did, and he didn’t like that.
“What?” Zuko asked, not hiding his annoyance at Chena’s arrival as Nanook hauled him to
his feet, dripping wet.
“Don’t ‘what’ me. You ought to be on the ship, dumbass.” Chena growled, nodding to the
Ullaakut.

“He’s been on the ship since the South Pole.” Tomkin whined childishly.
Zuko stayed quiet. In all honesty, he didn’t know where he stood with this. He'd stayed on the
ship in Weihai because Hakoda suggested it, not because he had no choice. It was for his
protection. Gaoling was safer, and General Fong had no reason to believe they would come
here, and when Zuko sheepishly allowed himself to be dragged down the gangplank by
Nanook’s iron grip, Hakoda had watched and said nothing. Zuko wasn’t breaking any rules
by being down here, so why did it feel like it? Why was he even risking it?
Zuko shifted his weight on the sand, felt the sturdiness of his surroundings. No swaying, or
crash of waves, or crunch of snow. Stable. He would never admit it, but he’d missed land
more than he’d realised. He wasn’t born to be seafaring. The Erlong had never done such
large stretches of sailing as the Ullaakut did consistently. He'd risked leaving the ship because
he felt like he had no other choice. Just as he’d felt exhausted when Agni left him, he felt
cramped when land left him. He just needed to stretch his legs. He'd done that now.
“I’ll go back. I just wanted a few minutes.” Zuko said, making the three turn to him. Chena
looked perplexed that Zuko was actually agreeing with him, and Tomkin and Nanook were
frowning like they usually did whenever Zuko didn’t psychically stick to whatever plan
they’d mentally concocted.
“Uh, yeah, dude, that’s not happening. Nice try.” Tomkin said with a small, evil smile.
“We’re taking you up town.” Nanook continued before Zuko could ask, throwing an arm
around Zuko’s shoulders and then quickly pulling back when he was reminded that Zuko was
very much still dripping wet.
“You want to take him up town?” Chena replied, dumbfounded.
“Is everything alright here?” Hakoda’s sudden voice sounded, and the four looked to see the
Chief approaching, expression concerned as he looked between Zuko and Chena. Zuko found
it a little funny that, for once, he wasn’t the one arguing with Chena.
“No, everything isn’t alright.” Chena growled. “Idiots 1, 2 and 3 have decided on a day trip in
Gaoling.”
Hakoda blinked, thought for a second, and then nodded. “I know. I said they could.”
Chena scoffed in horror, and even Zuko felt his jaw drop in surprise. “But-.”
“But he’s the fucking Fire Prince!” Chena interrupted, using different words to what Zuko
was going to but still getting the general message across.
Hakoda shrugged his big shoulders, grinning casually. “And as long as he doesn’t start
yelling that from the rooftops, we won’t have a problem.”
“What about General Fong?” Zuko finally found his voice. Tomkin was practically vibrating
with excitement beside him. Something as mundane as a trip to town shouldn’t have felt as
surreal as it did.

“Fong and I have been in contact. Our alliance is restored and he thinks you’re headed to Ba
Sing Se, which is the other side of the Earth Kingdom to here. He won’t waste time in
Gaoling; he has no reason to. And he has no reason to think I'm lying. You're safe.” Hakoda’s
grin became a smile, honest and difficult not to believe, though Zuko’s instincts tried with all
their might. Safe just didn’t happen in Zuko’s life, and it certainly wasn’t handed over by an
adult who’d made all the decisions for him and requested nothing in return.
Zuko was expecting a catch. He hated himself for it, but he was still waiting for the Water
Tribe to turn on him. He knew with most of his being that they wouldn’t do that, if not
because of the relationships he’d built with them then simply because of their honest nature.
The men here were too honourable. If they wanted to hurt Zuko, they’d do it in a forthright
manner, like Chena had. Zuko knew he could trust them, but he was still coming to terms
with if he was capable of doing so.
It seemed the problem had never lied with the Water Tribe, but rather Zuko himself.
“This is stupid. Like really fucking stupid.” Chena said, but he sounded defeated.
Nanook narrowed his eyes on the big warrior. “Sounds to me like you’re worried about him,
Chena.”
Chena dropped the matter very quickly after that, and the next thing Zuko knew, he was
getting into dry clothes and being sandwiched between Tomkin and Nanook as they walked
towards Gaoling.
____
Hakoda was and always would be cool in Tomkin’s eyes, and this was exactly why. Chena
had been so adamant that the three youngest crewmen not go into Gaoling, that Zuko stay on
the ship even though everyone could tell from a mile away that his mood had lifted the
moment he got the chance to step off the Ullaakut. And then Hakoda had come on over and
shut the warrior up with a quick ‘I said they could’.
Hakoda had said no such thing. Tomkin and Nanook hadn’t even asked him yet, and had been
planning to do so as last minute as possible in order to quickly bolt if he said no. It seemed
they hadn’t needed to worry, and now, Tomkin and the other two finally scaled the steep hill
leading to the large town. Paths of packed dirt snaked through the lush green dales around
them, and in the centre of the hilly landscape was a large cluster of green-roofed buildings.
Gaoling.
“I am going to buy so much from the market.” Tomkin uttered.
“This is exactly why Hakoda trusted me with the money.” Nanook said.
Zuko rolled his eyes and walked forward like he often did when he expected the Water
Tribesmen to start bickering. It made Tomkin grin, and he jogged to catch up.
The market was a bustling place, full of Earth Kingdom citizens in their bland green drab and
merchants selling all kinds of things, from mouth-wateringly aromatic foods to fashionable

looking clothes. Barkers called out to them, luring Tomkin over each time and leading Zuko
and Nanook to take turns dragging him away. They roamed the marketplace for an hour –
according to Zuko’s freakish inner-clock – before Tomkin found himself stopping at one stall
in particular.
“A lover of the arts?” The salesman behind the simple wooden stall asked, quirking a bushy
eyebrow.
“Not quite.” Tomkin said, smile growing.
This stall sold theatre wares. Props and scripts and even a few autographs, all arranged on the
table or pinned decoratively to the wall behind the salesman, who busied himself with his
display as Tomkin browsed. Tomkin had been attracted by a splash of blue when he’d walked
past, and now he couldn’t look away.
Hung on a nail was the same mask worn by the fabled Blue Spirit.
“What’re you-?” Zuko began, before gasping in delighted surprise. “He’s selling Tang
Xianzu’s autograph!”
“What the fuck is a Tang Xianzu?” Tomkin asked, still staring at the mask, though he didn’t
need to look at Zuko to know the other boy was glaring at him like Tomkin had just
personally offended him.
“Only the greatest Earth Kingdom playwright of all time.” Zuko stressed, fingers tracing the
scroll with the playwright’s autograph on it with an impossibly gentle touch. Tomkin couldn’t
help but smile at the sight. Zuko was his friend, but Tomkin would be stupid to pretend Zuko
didn’t have rough edges. His arm still stung with the reminder, as much as he tried to hide the
burn from Zuko’s guilty gaze. But in that moment as Zuko got excited over a playwright, of
all things, he seemed so... so soft.
Of course, it didn’t last. The next second, Zuko blinked, and pulled his hand back like the
scroll had burned him.
“It’s stupid. I don’t even like plays. My mother dragged me to them.” He said quickly, all of
the passion leeching from his voice and leaving a depressing, hollow shell. “Come on.
Where's Nanook?”
Tomkin tried not to be too troubled by the sudden shift in Zuko’s mood, and forced himself to
appear light-hearted. “Probably still stuffing himself at the bakery, because when he decides
something is a valid purchase it’s suddenly fine.” Tomkin said with a huff.
“That’s because he didn’t try to buy three flowerpots at the last stall.” Zuko pointed out, and
Tomkin personally didn’t appreciate his tone.
“They would have been excellent additions to the ship and you know it.”
“Why does a ship need flowerpots?” Zuko hissed.

“Why does anyone need anything? Get off my back.” Tomkin huffed childishly like the
world was very unfair, which it was. He would have been a great plant dad, but no, Nanook
and Zuko had to spoil his fun.
With a sigh, Tomkin jerked his chin towards the Blue Spirit mask. “Anyway, maybe this
would be a better purchase.”
Tomkin had been hoping to see confusion on Zuko’s face, leaving him to excitedly explain to
the ignorant Prince all about the Fire Nation vigilante whose posters had been in every port
they’d docked at for the past four weeks. However, confusion wasn’t what Zuko showed. No,
his expression was more accurately described as ‘oh shit’.
“Why- um, why would you want a dumb theatre mask? At least I think it’s a theatre mask. I
don’t know. Is it a theatre mask? I've never seen it before.” Zuko said quickly, rubbing the
back of his neck. Weird, Tomkin thought, before feeling the urge to facepalm. Of course Zuko
was reacting strangely. The Blue Spirit was an enemy of the Fire Nation, and he was famous
for breaking the Avatar out of that stronghold. Zuko probably hated the guy. What was that
stronghold called again? Pohuai? Thinking of it, Zuko’s ship had been near there when they
found him. Tomkin almost gasped in excitement.
“Did you fight him?” He whispered eagerly, making sure the salesman couldn’t hear him and
grabbing Zuko’s elbow to ensure the firebender’s full attention. “The Blue Spirit, I mean?
What was he like? Wait!” Tomkin’s blue eyes widened. “You guys have the same swords!
That's so cool!"
Zuko was staring at Tomkin like he was waiting for something, his entire body rigid. Tomkin
couldn’t tell, but it looked like the other boy had stopped breathing. Maybe he wasn’t feeling
well.
“I’ve been looking for you idiots for ages. What's going on?” Nanook’s voice suddenly
sounded, and Tomkin turned to see his fellow Tribesman approaching them, a half-eaten
baguette in his hand. Tomkin's attention span was notoriously awful, and he completely
forgot the conversation with Zuko, instead honing in on the baguette.
“How much did you spend on bread?!” He demanded, outraged as he thought of the three
flowerpots he left behind.
Beside him, Zuko finally released a breath.
____
Zuko hadn’t expected he’d need to practise his breathing exercises in the middle of an Earth
Kingdom market, but then he also hadn’t expected Tomkin to be so fundamentally oblivious.
It made sense; this was the same boy who apologised to Zuko for taking his things back when
Zuko was very much a hated prisoner to every other Tribesman. That didn’t make Zuko
relax. Tomkin knew of the Blue Spirit. He liked the Blue Spirit. He knew Zuko had the same
swords as the Blue Spirit. He knew Zuko was very close to the Pohuai stronghold when their
ships met. He probably also knew that the Blue Spirit hadn’t been seen since Zuko was taken
by the Water Tribe. Tomkin had all the facts, he just hadn’t thought to combine them. Yet.

Zuko was stood in front of a stand selling various ribbons. They had every colour here, an
entire rainbow, and the woman selling them was old and wrinkled, but had a kind smile as
she gave Zuko an acknowledging nod. Zuko saw her gaze flick from his black hair to his pale
skin, resting over his gold eyes, but she, like everyone else here, also saw his burn and blue
clothes, and assumed it was just unlucky genetics.
Carefully, Zuko traced one of the ribbons that hung from a wooden hook. It was blood red,
familiar. Zuko shook the thought of the Blue Spirit from his mind. It had been a close call,
but he had bigger things to worry about. Like Lee.
He’d decided in the South Pole that he would change his thought process from now on. He
loved his father, but he had to put his people first. He had to find a way to end the war. Even
just coming to that decision was substantial, and uprooted a lifetime of various beliefs that
had been forced upon him. He'd spent a few days coming to terms with it, but now, it was
time to think of a plan.
This was where the problems started, because Zuko had absolutely no idea where to start
with ending a war.
It had been waging for a hundred years. The Fire Nation were the most powerful nation, yet
they hadn’t won. Certain hurdles stood in their way. The Northern Water Tribe, Omashu, Ba
Sing Se. All powerhouses yet to bend to the Fire Nation. Zuko had spent his days thinking
how to defeat them in as quick and bloodless manner as possible, but last night, a thought
occurred to him. He wanted to end this war and immediately he assumed that meant the Fire
Nation had to win, because he couldn’t even comprehend them being defeated, but what if
that was the only way? It made sense as much as it didn’t. Zuko's nation had been blinded by
hatred and pain; it wasn’t right for those things to win the war. But how could Zuko defend
his people if they lost?
A quiet voice whispered in his head. His insular family overthrown after a bloodline of
anguish, an era of peace in their wake, a new Fire Lord, someone kind who made alliances
with the other nations and much needed reparations. The Avatar, the voice whispered, is the
bridge, the epitome of harmony.
Do you think we could have been friends?
The Avatar wouldn’t leave the Fire Nation to the vengeance of the other nations. It would go
against his nature. Fire was as important an element as the other three, and without it, balance
fell. The Avatar would understand that. If Zuko could make some sort of agreement with him,
if Zuko helped the kid overthrow his father, for the Fire Nation’s own good, then maybe...
just maybe...
No. Zuko couldn’t do that to his father. It was a stupid idea. He had to think of something
else.
“Zuko! I need your help.” Tomkin was suddenly at Zuko’s side again, accompanied by
Nanook, who smiled knowingly at Tomkin’s flustered state.

“What with?” Zuko asked, frowning. Tomkin wasn’t the type to be subtle, but now he looked
almost... shy.
“He’s spotted a pretty girl over there and is too much of a coward to go up to her.” Nanook
explained simply, earning himself an elbow in the ribs and a hissed ‘shut up’.
“Where?” Zuko asked, craning his head around.
“Tui and La, you’re both useless!" Tomkin cried, quickly grabbing Zuko by the back of his
neck and yanking his head back to them, like Zuko was being too obvious. He might have
said something else, but Zuko’s breath had caught in his throat. The Water Tribesmen had
been telling the truth when they said they found Gaoling too hot; Zuko could feel warmth fill
him from every inch of Tomkin’s hand that pressed against his skin, spreading through his
body, curling over his stuttering heart. Zuko quickly pushed the other boy away. Tomkin was
too distracted to notice the sudden aggression.
“It’s not a big deal.” Zuko said, clearing his throat when his voice came out rougher than
usual. “Just go up to her.”
Zuko finally spotted the girl in question, stood by a cake stall a few metres away. She was
their age, with dark hair falling to her shoulders and a sweet, round face. She was soft where
Mai had always been harsh, sunny where Mai had been stormy. But just like Mai, Zuko felt
nothing past a mundane acknowledgement. She was pretty. That was all. That had always
been all. That was the problem.
“Is that what you’d do?” Tomkin asked.
Zuko frowned. “Why do you want to know what I'd do?”
“Because,” Tomkin groaned, losing his fraying patience, “you have a girlfriend. We don’t.
That means somehow you must have some hidden prowess. Very hidden. Like supremely
hidden.”
Zuko wasn’t sure if Mai was still his girlfriend, and had tried to say so much to Tomkin when
he eventually told the other boy about her. After all, they’d been thirteen when they dated. It
was hardly marriage, though their parents had plans. And he hadn’t said goodbye. He’d just...
left. For three years, no letters. Zuko couldn’t face her. She’d always been so accusing. She
always said the words he wasn’t ready to hear. He loved Mai, really. But it wasn’t the sort of
love that was expected.
Prowess, Tomkin had said. Zuko almost laughed. He would have, if it didn’t hurt so much.
Honey and cinnamon. Fire lilies, and then fire. They won’t catch us. Tea stained fingers. It's
worth it.
It wasn’t.
“Stop being a baby and talk to her." Zuko finally snarled, perhaps a little too aggressively.
“It’s easy.”

And it was easy. It was so, so easy for Tomkin, and he didn’t even realise.
Tomkin braved a look over his shoulder. The girl was giggling with her friend about
something, before her doe eyes looked up, connecting with Tomkin’s.
“Oh fuck. Oh shit.” Tomkin breathed, freezing in place. The girl smiled, friendly, before she
flicked her eyes over to first Nanook, and then Zuko.
Zuko didn’t know what he expected, but he certainly hadn’t expected her features to melt into
appreciation, gaze steadying over his scar, his physique, resting over his arms a moment.
Then she waved.
Then she waved at Zuko. Not Tomkin. It was glaringly obvious.
Tomkin’s scowl was murderous when Zuko awkwardly waved back. The girl turned and went
about her day again, and Zuko was pretty sure he’d be able to feel Tomkin’s anger from the
other side of the market.
Shit.
“Real nice, dude." Tomkin growled, and the next thing Zuko knew, the Water Tribe boy was
storming off, leaving Zuko staring after him, stuttering in surprise.
“What was I supposed to do?” Zuko asked, bewildered as he turned to Nanook.
Nanook shrugged. “I mean, probably not wave back.” He chuckled, before his small smile
fell. He must have seen Zuko’s genuinely troubled expression. Tomkin and Nanook had taken
Zuko’s heritage and glaring and had still decided to treat him as a friend. He had wanted so
desperately to let them in. He'd never had friends of his own before; Father wouldn’t allow it.
Friends were distracting. Now, Zuko was finally being given a chance to indulge in some
semblance of what other teenagers called normal, and at the first hurdle, Zuko had hurt
Tomkin’s feelings. He hadn’t even meant to. But he had. He’d tried to do something right and
it just blew up in his face, like everything always did.
Agni, why was he so bad at being good?
“Hey, Zuko?” Nanook nudged Zuko lightly, making him blink and refocus on the Water Tribe
boy who hadn’t left him. Yet. “Little Tom’s a sensitive guy. He’ll get over it. It's not a big
deal.”
“He hates me.” Zuko stated, and Nanook scoffed.
“No, he doesn’t. You're his friend. Friends don’t abandon each other after one little
disagreement.” Nanook said casually, nonchalant enough for Zuko to actually relax a little.
Nanook wasn’t acting like Tomkin had just cut all ties with Zuko. Maybe he was right.
Maybe Tomkin would get over it, and just needed some time to cool off.
Friends don’t abandon each other after one little disagreement. In that was a promise of
permanence, a promise that this peculiar occurrence of Zuko finding himself between Tomkin

and Nanook was going to become normal, a promise that Zuko’s friends were going to stay
with him.
He'd never had that before, so he didn’t know how he was supposed to feel, but the next thing
he knew, he was smiling at Nanook.
“We ought to go after him.” Zuko said, because that was what friends did.
Nanook quirked an eyebrow. “Race you home.”
They ran, and Zuko knew exactly where he was going, because he was beginning to
understand that with a crew who travelled as much as the Southern Water Tribe warriors,
home was simply wherever the crew were.
And Zuko was a Fire Nation royal who shouldn’t even be here, but he was starting to think of
them a little as home too.
____
Amur had readied his boat. Amur had waited in it. Amur had followed the Water Tribe ship
when it left. Amur had kept a good distance. Amur hadn’t been suspicious. Amur had done
everything the Colonel had asked of him.
But now as he was tying up his small fishing boat, hidden away on a small pier around the
corner from where the Water Tribe ship had docked in Gaoling, Amur felt himself pause. He
looked at his hull; recently fixed. He remembered the threat of drowning, said so casually in
front of his little Kyo. Amur was a fisherman, and not a very successful one. His meagre
wage combined with his wife’s earnings as a seamstress kept their family alive, but nothing
more. If the ocean took Amur away, he knew his family would not survive. Following the
Colonel’s orders hadn’t been a choice. He wouldn’t abandon his family.
He didn’t care about what the Colonel might want with this unsuspecting Water Tribe crew.
Part of him worried she might hurt them – she was certainly cold enough to – but he wasn’t
an honourable enough man to try and put a stop to it. This was none of his business. His task
was simple. Follow them and report back to the Colonel when they stopped.
Well, they had stopped, so what was he waiting for?
That was one answer he did have.
He simply, irrefutably did not want to have to face the Colonel again.
She terrified him. Her hard green eyes, steady hands, deadly words. Amur knew he couldn’t
not contact her, because not only would that oppose her, which sent shivers down his spine to
even consider, but it would leave her in Weihai, near his family, for longer than necessary.
Just as Amur was in the midst of desperately procrastinating what he knew had to be done, he
spotted two Earth Kingdom soldiers. He was stood on a partially falling apart pier, his boat
the only one tied to it, and the soldiers were clearly taking a break, smoke curling above their
heads as they lit cigarettes.

Amur set off towards them immediately. That woman in Weihai was an Earth Kingdom
Colonel, and clearly a well-respected one. These men would have to report to her in some
way. They could send word. They could rinse Amur’s hands of all this.
“Excuse me?” Amur asked, and the two soldiers turned to look disapprovingly at him. They
were both taller than him, and significantly bigger in the finery of even such basic military
uniform. Still, after Amur’s encounter with the Colonel, these men seemed easy.
“What?” One asked, taking a deep inhale of his cigarette and rudely blowing smoke in
Amur’s face. Amur pointedly didn’t cough or lose his temper.
“I was told by one of your Colonels to follow the Water Tribe ship that’s docked around the
corner from here.” Amur said. “Would you be able to send word to Weihai, informing her
that they’re here?”
“Which Colonel?” The less-rude soldier asked, his hair a dark auburn.
“She didn’t give me her name. But she’s tall, got black hair, pretty terrifying-.”
The rude soldier coughed suddenly around his cigarette. “Tovah?” He winced, and Amur
shrugged.
The soldier donned a fearful look, and Amur guessed that meant they were thinking of the
same woman.
“She’s the one who came in from Ba Sing Se, right?” The other soldier asked, and his friend
nodded.
“Appeared on the scene out of nowhere with a glowing resume and not a bastard in sight
willing to test her.” The rude soldier said grimly. “What’s she doing in these parts?”
Amur had no idea. He just wanted to get home and away from all of this as quickly as
possible.
“Will you send word?” Amur asked almost desperately.
The soldier crushed his cigarette beneath his black combat boot. “It’s Colonel Tovah.” He
said. “If she wants us to send word, you can bet your ass we’re sending word.”

Chapter End Notes

TOMKIN NO HE’S GAY YOU’VE GOT IT ALL WRONG TOMKIN PLEASE COME
BACK HE’S VERY VERY GAY
Oh baby we’re in Gaoling the shit that this place sees COR BLIMEY. Also that earth
kingdom girl really looked at Zuko’s muscly arms and went ‘this is MY hot girl

summer’ and she got so excited that she didn’t even see the rat tail on his head. Like
okay you do you I guess everyone has a type??? And zuko having the biggest gay panic
in front of a RAINBOW of ribbons? mhmmm..... As for those two soldiers at the end –
in my notes they’re just called gingie and lung cancer I'm not sorry – they are SO stupid.
Anyways we’re in the last stretch of part 1. The countdown has started - 4 chapters.

Chapter 16: i. Prickly and Priss; The Start Of A Beautiful
Friendship
Chapter Notes

hey kids how's it hanging, imagine this fic having 50,000 hits. lol. just a thought.
imagine. hypothetically speaking. wild.
anyway, here's another chapter and oh BOY is shit starting to hit the fan. this one's a
fucking rollercoaster because we've got angst at the start then a comedy break and then
drama at the end. so like, rip zuko as per.
fun fact so i was writing this chapter and kanut called Zuko his first name like just
‘zuko’ casually and i wrote it and just.... froze. and i couldn’t figure out why that floored
me so much. and then i was like, ‘oh yeah, kanut usually just calls zuko ‘tough guy’ or
other dumb nicknames’. but then i was like..... has Kanut EVER just called him zuko
before? like SURELY he has to have done? i checked. We're now at 102,000 words, not
once has Kanut called him anything other than a dumb fucking nickname. i hate him so
much.
countdown wise; 3 chapters baby! be scared. be prepared.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Nanook was hovering, which was exactly what Nanook did when something was wrong.
“Sit down, Nan.” Hakoda sighed, shuffling his papers to the side. His tent was bigger than the
others in order to fit a small table for his work. They’d made camp in Gaoling and the official
plan was that they’d stay a few days. The unofficial plan was that the Chief was exhausted
after several moral dilemmas in a short timespan, and would be staying here until Bato got
his shit together.
So, Hakoda’s tent had a desk, and he was getting comfortable, just reading over Fong’s latest
letter with a surge of pride – Your cooperation regarding the Fire Prince is much obliged. I
hope my gratitude is illustrated in any Earth Kingdom port you may dock at, where you can
be sure to find supplies. Sincerely, General Fong – when Nanook came in. The young
crewman had tried small talk for a few minutes, but it was clear something was bothering
him.
“Sorry if you’re busy.” Nanook said as he collapsed into a chair. “It might be nothing.”
“What’s this about?” Hakoda asked, listening intently. Nanook was responsible when he
needed to be, and he didn’t make a fuss over nothing.

“Just something that happened in the market today, with Zuko...” Nanook trailed off, staring
at the table before him as he got lost in his thoughts, brows furrowing.
Hakoda scoffed to hide his concern. “Nan, when it comes to that damned Fire Prince, I think
we’ve all learnt it’s rarely nothing.”
Nanook nodded solemnly, and Hakoda couldn’t help the worry creeping up his spine. Zuko’s
past was a necropolis of trauma and fear and heartbreak, and it seemed every time Hakoda
thought he’d heard the worst of it, he was forced to unbury more, dirt-stained hands trying
dig out the boy choking beneath it all. It wasn’t fair. None of it was.
“So, Little Tom saw this girl-.”
Hakoda groaned loudly, the tension shattering. The last time Nanook started a sentence with
that, it ended with ‘and now he’s in a Northern Water Tribe infirmary because he tried to be
cool and lean against a balcony and ended up falling off it’. Hakoda already had two children
of his own, but it seemed Zuko and Tomkin were determined to collaboratively manifest all
the teenage chaos Hakoda was missing from Katara and Sokka.
Nanook allowed a small smile. “Yeah, it was the usual.” He smirked. “He was too much of a
coward to go up to her, so he asked Zuko for advice, and while we were all stood there, the
girl noticed us. She waved. At Zuko.”
Hakoda winced. He could see why that would be a problem. Tomkin was incredibly sensitive,
and Hakoda knew him like he knew his own son. He wouldn’t have taken it well, and Hakoda
already knew that Zuko’s ridiculous upbringing of formality and manners would have caused
him to wave back without hesitation. Which Tomkin also wouldn’t have taken well.
“Listen, Nan,” Hakoda pointed a teasing finger, “if you three want to talk about your love
life, I do not want to hear it. If I accommodate you, next thing I know, I'll have Tomkin
talking my ear off about every girl that takes his fancy. Bato will be back soon. Until then,
ask Tulok.”
Hakoda expected Nanook to laugh, to nod in defeat and go find the other warrior as Hakoda
had suggested, but he didn’t. His small smile fell, as if remembering why he was here, and
Hakoda’s worry slipped from his spine to weave between his ribs. There was something else.
“Has Zuko ever talked to you about girls?” Nanook finally blurted out, and Hakoda blinked
in surprise.
“Um, no.” Hakoda said dumbly, because even the thought of Zuko idly chatting about normal
teenage things was, unjustly, hard to conceive. “That’s not really the kind of thing we talk
about.”
“It’s just... he was acting really weird the entire time it happened, and at first I thought it was
because he’d upset Tomkin.” Nanook said, wringing his hands. “You know Zuko; he makes
one mistake and thinks it’s the end of the world. But I keep thinking about it and some of the
other things he’s said these past four weeks, and I just think it was something else, something
he’s not telling anyone.”

Hakoda knew he was supposed to fill in the blanks, that Nanook was waiting for him to
somehow figure out what it was he was getting at, but he honestly had no idea what they
were talking about anymore. There was a reason Hakoda always pushed the personal lives of
his crew towards Bato. He just wasn’t good with things like this. War he knew, pain he knew,
but this gushy, mundane in-between made him awkward and unsure.
Nanook groaned, like Hakoda was being deliberately slow. “I don’t think Zuko likes girls.”
Oh.
Hakoda couldn’t help but feel relieved, leaning back in his chair and glaring at Nanook. “Is
that it?” He said, before his face fell, tone becoming a snarl he’d never used with Nanook
before. “Is that a problem?”
“Wait, what?” Nanook asked, confused. “No, of course not. That's not what I'm-.” Nanook
rolled his eyes, rubbing a hand down his face. ”Hakoda, can you at least pretend to pay
attention when I talk? Honestly.”
Nanook leaned forward, the bead in his hair swinging beside his jaw. “I don’t think Zuko
likes girls.” He repeated slowly. “I don’t have a problem with that. I think, however, that he
does.”
Hakoda didn’t know how to respond to that.
He’d grown up in a community where every member was valued and loved. It was what
made them Water Tribe. Besides, Hakoda was the Chief. He knew his men. He knew when
they used to go on hunting trips for weeks at a time that some would miss their wives and
find warmth in another man’s hammock. He knew some never had wives to begin with,
because they weren’t inclined that way. He knew it was okay. It was normal. And more than
anything, it wasn’t his business. If his crewmen found happiness in women, or men, or
neither, or other, then it didn’t matter to him, as long as his crewmen found happiness.
He knew the Earth Kingdom were generally of the same mind, if only being a little more
prude about it, as was their nature. But Hakoda didn’t know anything about the Fire Nation’s
stance. It wasn’t the sort of thing he needed to know when making strategies. He realised
now that it would be very in-character for this kind of thing, the kind that’s out of any
individual’s control, the kind that could make or break someone’s happiness, to be frowned
upon in the Fire Nation.
And Zuko was the Prince.
Once again, Hakoda was caught in the agonising dichotomy of wanting to know exactly what
Ozai had done to Zuko, while simultaneously fearing finding out.
“I’ll talk to him.” Hakoda said sternly, and Nanook nodded gratefully.
This was going to be a very uncomfortable conversation.
____

Oro and Renmin had been working as foot soldiers in His Majesty’s army for four years now.
For Renmin, this was enough. He was happy to live his days quietly patrolling Gaoling,
ensuring the rich citizens slept soundly at night, stomping down on petty crime. Oro,
however, had been wanting a promotion for months. He wanted to move up the ranks, climb
the ladder, become a Colonel. Spirits, maybe even a General. He could do it. He was good
enough. He knew he was. He just needed a chance.
And suddenly, he’d been handed one by an unassuming fisherman who had no idea what he’d
just given up.
“You want to what?" Renmin hissed, his auburn hair twirling in the breeze. They were stood
in the treeline, looking out onto the beach where the Water Tribe had made camp, hidden in
the foliage. Oro saw two larger warriors sparring with wild grins, saw a white-haired man
shout at them for disrupting where he read beside a campfire, saw a small boy with a strange
ponytail skipping pebbles over the ocean, talking enigmatically to another boy beside him
who had a bead in his hair. These warriors were impressive, intimidating. If they caught
them, Oro and Renmin were done for.
“Oro, you said we’d just keep an eye on them until she gets here.” Renmin hissed when Oro
showed no sign of responding. They'd sent a letter to Colonel Tovah before the fisherman
even left Gaoling, attached to the fastest falcon they had. If it was going to Weihai, it would
only take a few hours. Sure enough, before the sun even began to set, Oro and Renmin had
received a response from a particularly impressive falcon that wasn’t theirs. Oro suspected
Colonel Tovah sent it to be purposely domineering, though Renmin said he was overthinking
it.
Her response was short.
I will be in Gaoling by midnight. Do not lose the Water Tribe until then. Consider this a
mission of upmost importance. The warriors have something General Fong wants.
No honorifics, no suggestion that Oro and Renmin might have other duties to attend to, no
room for negotiation. Colonel Tovah was everything Oro had heard and more, and he hated
her.
He didn’t, however, hate General Fong. He'd heard great things about the General, about his
ruthless strategies, his prestige amongst the army. If Oro impressed General Fong, he could
be almost certain of a promotion.
He had until midnight to take this chance before Tovah did.
“Oro, I don’t want Colonel Tovah as an enemy. I heard she was Long Feng’s right-hand
woman in Ba Sing Se. You know, Long Feng, the head of the Dai Li? The Dai Li, Oro. I
don’t want to be on their bad side-.”
“Would you shut up?” Oro snarled. He needed a cigarette. If the smoke weren’t so damning,
he’d be lighting up to calm his nerves without hesitation. As it was, he was stuck with the
sack of anxiety that was Renmin.

Oro had just sighed in frustration when his green eyes locked on another warrior.
This one was different from the others as he came to sit beside the campfire, talking to the
warrior that had been reading, a smile ghosting his lips. Oro had thought he looked slightly
peculiar, drawn to the horrific scar covering his left eye, but sat next to the other Water Tribe
warrior, it became obvious. The boy’s skin was deathly pale, his hair black as pitch and styled
in a foreign ponytail. The warrior beside him couldn’t look any different with his white hair
and brown skin. Oro knew the boy was probably the result of some tribesman getting with a
colonial, or maybe he was just born with unlucky genetics. Those were excuses the
townspeople would give him, looking at his blue ribbon and Water Tribe attire, but Oro
wasn’t so sure.
The warriors have something General Fong wants.
Something wasn’t adding up here.
“See the one going into that big tent?” Oro whispered, nodding towards one of the younger
warriors, the one with a bead in his hair, who was subtly ducking into the largest tent in the
camp.
“Yeah?” Renmin asked, clearly wanting to be anywhere else.
“I think that’s the Chief’s tent. If we’re gonna hear anything about what Tovah wants from
these guys, we’ll hear it from in there.” Oro nodded firmly, proud of his little plan.
Renmin didn’t look so impressed. “How the fuck do we get into the Water Tribe Chief’s
tent?”
Oro rolled his eyes. “No, you idiot. Look, it’s right by the treeline. We'll go up behind it and
listen in.”
Renmin frowned, following Oro’s gaze. “I don’t like this, Oro.”
“Then stay here.” Oro sniped, before slowly sneaking through the shrubbery, careful not to
break any twigs. For a few moments, he was alone with nothing but the sounds of the fauna
around him and the oblivious Water Tribe warriors beside him for company, but then Renmin
was there again, swearing beneath his breath. They stopped as close to the Chief’s tent as
they could, ears pressed to the tarp, completely hidden from the rest of the tribe.
“... trying to give Aput brain damage.”
Oro heard a voice say, tone light. It was followed by a deep chuckle, clearly from someone
older. The Chief.
“That’s Chena for you.”
Renmin was looking at Oro, green gaze smug. He didn’t say anything, but they’d been
working together long another for Oro to understand his thoughts. See, nothing's happening.
But then; “Sit down, Nan.”

The Chief, sounding concerned, more serious than before.
“Sorry if you’re busy. It might be nothing.”
Please, don’t be nothing, Oro found himself praying. He couldn’t do another four years as a
foot soldier, couldn’t live his life smoking on the pier, couldn’t waste any more opportunities.
“What’s this about?”
“Just something that happened in the market today, with Zuko...”
Oro frowned. Zuko was not a Water Tribe name. It sounded familiar...
“Nan, when it comes to that damned Fire Prince, I think we’ve all learnt it’s rarely nothing.”
Renmin nearly fell onto the tent, and Oro had to clasp a hand to the other man’s mouth to
silence his gasp of horror. Oro had stopped breathing. King Kuei’s crown, this was... this was
insane. This wasn’t real, wasn’t happening.
The Fire Prince. Prince Zuko. Of the Fire Nation.
“Let’s go.” Oro choked out. Renmin didn’t need to be told twice.
Oro needed a damn cigarette.
____
“Go talk to him.”
“And say what?”
“Fuck if I know, tough guy.” Kanut grumbled, tired of this conversation before it even
started. “You’re the one who was raised in a palace. Shouldn't you be a professional at
speeches and shit like that?”
Zuko was many things, but good at communicating was certainly not one of them, and Kanut
seemed to remember this as soon as the words left his mouth, because he snorted at the
downcast look on Zuko’s face.
“It’s not funny.” Zuko mumbled, kicking one of the campfire’s logs in frustration. “What if
he never talks to me again?”
“Then you’ll achieve something that’s never been done before.” Kanut said, grinning.
“Seriously, if you get Little Tom to shut up, you’ll go down in history.”
Zuko allowed a small smile, sighing. The whole situation was awkward and unknown for
Zuko. Nanook had gone to where Tomkin was moodily stood by the sea – Zuko didn’t
comment on the fact that Tomkin was quite clearly brooding – with the promise of trying to
talk him round, and had since disappeared, which Zuko took to mean Tomkin was refusing to
be talked round.

“Tui and La,” Kanut finally huffed, “if you’re not going to stop harassing me about this, then
you could at least go make some tea.”
“I didn’t even say anything-!”
“Don’t need to. I can practically hear your stupid little brain overthinking it.” Kanut said.
Zuko opened his mouth to argue, but Kanut just flicked his fingers in his face rudely. “Tea.
Now.” He ordered, like Zuko was some waiter, and Zuko growled before stomping towards
Kanut’s tent.
The healer’s tent looked as it did in the South Pole, just a little smaller and a lot less lived in.
Kanut had his own cot in one corner, and then a second for if any of the warriors came in
injured. Two chests were shoved beside the entrance, and there was even an animal pelt on
the floor. Zuko hadn’t asked how long they planned to stay in Gaoling, but everyone seemed
to be getting comfortable.
Zuko pulled the necessary tools from Kanut’s chests and sat cross-legged on the floor to
make the tea. Kanut had this one weird cloudberry blend that he’d stocked up on before they
left the South Pole. Uncle had never forced this one on Zuko before, but he had to admit it
was nice. Amber coloured and tasting a little of maple syrup, like what Zuko used to have
over desserts in Caldera. It was strange how a tea from Kanut’s home reminded Zuko a little
of his.
The kettle was already full of water, and Zuko knew he was supposed to take the blend, cups
and kettle outside to the campfire, but Kanut always scorched the tea leaves, and Zuko...
well, Zuko had been thinking.
Firebending wasn’t off the table like it used to be. He hadn’t stopped firebending withholding his breath of fire, raising and lowering alien flames when no one was watching,
spitting sparks when his temper got the best of him – and reading Kanut’s book that he was
yet to notice was missing was helping Zuko refamiliarize himself with his katas, but still, this
was the longest Zuko had gone without any proper bending. Even redirecting that lightning
felt like it didn’t quite count, because it was so strange, so foreign.
Zuko missed fire.
He was alone. The others were outside. Hakoda was working in his tent.
Heating tea was a servant’s trick, one Uncle never should have known but taught Zuko
nonetheless. Too hot and you will scorch the leaves, making the tea bitter, Uncle Iroh had
said, but leave it to steep too long, and it’ll scorch anyway. Good tea needs a lower
temperature and a softer flame. It needs patience and care.
Zuko’s loud sigh filled the tent, knowing he’d probably responded with something surly and
petulant. And Uncle probably still smiled affectionately, like Zuko could do no wrong, like
Zuko wasn’t an honourless failure, like he loved him.
With one last glance at the tent’s entrance, ensuring he was hidden, Zuko wrapped his fingers
around the kettle and patiently, carefully, began to heat his hands.

Which was exactly when Hakoda came in.
“Zuko, Kanut said you were in here-.”
“I wasn’t doing anything!” Zuko yelled, jumping to his feet and almost dropping the kettle in
the process. Hakoda blinked in surprise, his large form taking up the entire entrance. He
looked between Zuko and the kettle, realisation dawning. Once, Zuko would have been
terrified. Now, he felt mildly annoyed. He didn’t even get any flames out before he had to
stop.
“Were you heating the tea?” Hakoda asked with the same trying-not-to-smile tone he’d used
when asking if Zuko was drunk.
“No.” Zuko mumbled, surly and petulant.
“Zuko?” Hakoda pressed, lips twitching.
Zuko growled in frustration “Yes.” He put the lukewarm kettle on the floor again, picking up
the glass jar of tea leaves in order to tidy up. “It’s not even proper firebending though, and-.”
“Why is it that whenever I catch you, it’s never ‘proper firebending’?” Hakoda asked, and
Zuko paused, tea leaves still in hand. Hakoda had been joking, but it made an idea begin to
form in Zuko’s mind. It was less an idea, seeing as he’d been pondering it for four weeks
now, and more an opportunity. Four weeks ago, he never would have dreamed of suggesting
this. But now, things were very different, and while Zuko was wary of being shot down, he
was at least brave enough to try.
“Katas are proper firebending.” He said quietly, observing Hakoda, watching how the Chief
jerked up a curious eyebrow.
“Oh?” Hakoda asked, before his expression pulled in understanding. “Well, we’re not on the
boat anymore, you know.”
Zuko’s heartrate spiked, daring to hope.
“If you stay on the beach but keep away from the tents-.”
“Yes! Of course! Thank you!” Zuko exclaimed, grinning wildly before he even realised how
ridiculous he looked, quickly trying to compose himself. He cleared his throat. “That would
be... fine.”
Hakoda scoffed, and Zuko went to duck out the tent before Hakoda spoke again.
“I actually wanted to talk to you about something, Zuko.” Hakoda said, tone serious, and
Zuko’s stomach dropped. He'd known it was too good to be true. Had he been tricked? But
this was Hakoda. Surely not...
Hakoda gestured to the pelt on the floor. “Perhaps we should sit?”

The Chief sat down first, which relaxed Zuko a little. For a moment, he glanced at the now
clear entrance, feeling the salty breeze drifting by, but he knew better.
Zuko sat down with Hakoda.
____
It was quiet for a few seconds as Hakoda desperately tried to figure out what to say. He knew
he was making Zuko nervous, was painfully aware of how the teenage boy was passing the
jar of tea leaves between his hands to hide his anxiety, but Hakoda didn’t know how to begin
this. Zuko’s sexuality was none of his business. How Zuko felt about his sexuality, however,
was something Hakoda cared about. Just like how knowing the cause of Zuko’s scar had
helped Hakoda temper his approach to better suit the boy, Hakoda needed to know this,
needed to know if Ozai had burned even more, had forbidden his son the most basic of
human necessities.
Hakoda decided to be blunt.
“Zuko, how does the Fire Nation view same-sex relationships?” Hakoda asked, and Zuko
froze. He stopped moving, stopped breathing. He didn’t even blink. His eyes were trained on
Hakoda’s face. It was familiar, because Zuko was looking for something, a catch, waiting for
Hakoda to be angry, but it was also unfamiliar, because at least now, Zuko knew Hakoda
wouldn’t hurt him simply for holding eye contact. He just... stared, eyes narrowed and gold.
Hakoda had always thought those eyes to be infernos. He wondered when he started equating
gold to honey instead.
And then, with the monotony of practise, the smoothness of this being a fact he’d had drilled
into him for a very long time, Zuko said; “Same-sex relationships are illegal in the Fire
Nation.”
Hakoda choked, feeling suddenly like he was drowning.
____
There were certain things Zuko had learned never to speak about. These were different to the
things Zuko had learned he didn’t like speaking about. He didn’t like speaking about his scar.
He didn’t like speaking about Mother. But then there were other things, things that had steady
hands and tasted of cinnamon, that he knew never to speak about. Not a word, not an
utterance, not a glance in the wrong direction. These things were not to be considered.
He’d considered them once, just before his thirteenth birthday, enacted the thoughts that had
plagued him for months. There’d been a tea server at the palace who managed to get his
young son a job beside him. The son’s name was Mizu. These days, Zuko refused to think
about him, shoving Mizu deep down whenever he caught the scent of cinnamon or saw his
smooth jaw in the curve of his dual swords. That boy had been nothing but a curse, and the
incantation lay in ugly scars down Zuko’s leg.
“What do you mean, illegal?” Hakoda spluttered, blue eyes horrified.

Zuko kept his chi centred, breathing slowly. He wouldn’t speak about this. Not to Hakoda.
Not to Uncle. Not to anyone ever again. This was one lesson he’d actually learned.
“I mean that anyone caught fornicating with someone of the same gender will be imprisoned.
Sozin outlawed it, and it’s been illegal ever since.” Zuko said calmly, coldly. He'd studied that
law, his tutor glaring at him over the rims of his glasses. He'd studied dates, locations, and
he’d also studied the cases of those who fought against the law. And they were ‘cases’,
because they were all executed for it. Of course, his tutor hadn’t used that word. These cases
were given life imprisonment, where everyone would know of their crime. It was the same as
an execution. The Fire Nation were... intolerant.
“Why do you ask?” Zuko kept his posture rigid. There was actually a strange easiness in this
topic. It was so ingrained within him not to speak about it that at least he didn’t have any
dilemma. It didn’t matter that this was Hakoda, just like it hadn’t mattered with Uncle. Zuko
could be under any circumstances, and he’d still know not to speak about this. It was simple,
in that sense.
Hakoda still looked shellshocked. “How can love be illegal? That's... that’s barbaric.”
At least it had been simple, until Zuko realised that the Water Tribe didn’t seem to share his
beliefs.
“Barbaric.” Zuko echoed, dazed, before frowning. He wouldn’t be swayed, not on this. He set
his features.
“Why do you ask?” Zuko said again, sterner this time.
Hakoda took a deep breath. “Zuko...” He started slowly, somewhat awkward but knowing the
words needed to be said, however clumsily. “I need you to know that... that here, with us, it’s
completely normal to... for someone to feel inclined that way. The heart wants what it wants,
kid, and it should never, ever be persecuted for that. Love is love. Always has been, always
will be.” And here, Hakoda’s blue eyes hardened. “Regardless of if your father might have
said otherwise.”
Your father. Zuko remembered Father’s golden gaze, that spark of hatred that Zuko lacked.
Zuko remembered being in the throne room, kneeling though not knowing why he was there,
why all the guards had been sent away, why even Azula was absent. Fire coiling into a whip,
snaking up his leg. Cry and I’ll kill him. So instead of crying, Zuko burned.
No.
Zuko wouldn’t speak about this.
“You know nothing,” Zuko hissed, because Hakoda clearly wasn’t going to let this go
without force, “about my father.”
Hakoda flinched, surprised by the sudden malice in Zuko’s tone, but didn’t back off. Agni,
why couldn’t he just back off? Why couldn’t he let this go?

“A father is someone who cares about you, Zuko.” Hakoda said, slowly reaching out, fingers
wrapping around Zuko’s wrist, holding him but not in a way that would bruise, not in a way
Zuko recognised. “Someone by your side, not ahead. Someone who listens. Someone who
loves you as you are, unconditionally, without expecting something in return.”
And Zuko felt how he did in the South Pole, when he’d sobbed into Hakoda’s anorak like a
child. He felt cornered. Because Hakoda wasn’t lying this time. He was right; that was
everything a father should be. But that wasn’t what Ozai was. If that was the description, then
it was more akin to Hakoda than Ozai. Hakoda, who grinned and joked but never to the point
it made Zuko uncomfortable. Hakoda, who always walked by his side without a second
thought. Hakoda, who had heard a story Zuko had never told anyone before, and held him
together when Zuko shattered. Hakoda, who offered his trust, his crew, his safety, and
expected nothing in return.
This man who was not his father had been more a father to Zuko in four weeks than Ozai had
in sixteen years, and that realisation tore through Zuko, more agonising than a lightning bolt.
And he was speaking from experience.
Zuko yanked his wrist away, standing hurriedly enough that he forgot the tea leaves in his
hands, and he heard them, distantly, shatter to the floor around his feet.
“You,” Zuko snarled, throat tight as he glared down at Hakoda, “are not my father.”
He stormed out of the tent, past the campfire and the warriors and the Ullaakut, and he
walked until he couldn’t hear the camp behind him anymore, walked until he was at the crest
of the hill overlooking Gaoling. He hesitated, panting with the suddenness of it all. Behind
him, he saw the Water Tribe camp. Everything was always blue with them. Their blue tents,
blue outfits, even the blue sails of the Ullaakut. Zuko could see it all from up here. And they
weren’t just a nondescript group of strangers, spotted from a distance, acknowledged with
bored curiosity and then forgotten. No. They were the Southern Water Tribe warriors. Zuko
knew their quirks and humour and customs. He knew Aput made ridiculously good fiveflavour-soup and Chena loved holding Miki even if it broke his heart a little. He knew Kanut
touched the scars on his hands whenever Chena shouted too loud and Tulok’s favourite
pastime was when the others gathered around the fire and simply talked. He knew Tomkin
stared at the moon sometimes because it made him think of his parents and Nanook had a
birthmark between his thumb and forefinger that he insisted was in the shape of a wave,
though Tomkin had named it Splodge. He knew Hakoda was a brilliant Chief, but he doubted
himself. He ruled over his ship fairly and with compassion, and he cared about each of his
men. Zuko knew at some point, for whatever reason, that had started to include him.
And he knew thinking all this made his heart ache, made it twist within him and want to hide
deep, deep down, where the shadows were too dense to ever be taunted with this brightness
ever again. Because Zuko knew he’d have to go back soon, go home. He knew he’d return to
the dark corners of Caldera Palace where he'd felt utterly snuffed out, or the hollow cabins of
the Erlong that could never quite kindle hope.
Being alone in the cold is horrible. Having a fire finally manage to catch, daring to hold your
hands over it and feel that warmth seep in, only for it to be extinguished and the ice to attack
you all over again, is unbearable.

Zuko turned away from the Water Tribe and walked towards Gaoling.
He needed to think.
____
Reasons Toph Beifong Is Better Than Master Yu:
- Master Yu is a stupid dunderhead with subpar earthbending skills
- Toph Beifong does not have a ridiculous beard
- Master Yu thinks that ladies must be ‘couth’
- Toph Beifong thus makes a point of being ‘uncouth’
- This distresses Master Yu immensely
“Are you even listening to me, Toph?” Master Yu groaned, rudely interrupting Toph’s mental
list. They were in the courtyard of the obnoxiously large Beifong estate, going over
earthbending basics. They were always going over basics. All footwork and positioning,
yadda, yadda, yadda. The badgermoles taught Toph these moves years ago, for Spirits sake.
“Not even a little bit." Toph responded, grinning. She hardly paid attention to Yu’s dulcet
tones at the best of times, but when her sessions with him began to draw to a close, she could
barely contain her excitement. As soon as he left her alone, she’d leave - sorry, retire - and
then earthbend out of the estate while everyone thought she was tucked away in bed. They'd
sleep soundly thinking their fragile little girl was safe.
In actual fact, she’d be going to an underground fighting ring full of grown men and fierce
gambling. Ah, the charms of the humble Earth Rumble VI. Her parents would despair if they
found out. That was part of the fun.
Finally, Yu gave up trying to get Toph to cooperate. She felt the shift of weight signifying his
hand lifting to rub his face exasperatedly, but by then, she was already hitching up her skirts –
sorry, delicately avoiding muddying them – and running inside, quickly saying goodnight to
her parents in the most unsuspicious way she could manage. According to their heartrates,
they hadn’t noticed anything. They never did. They saw Toph Beifong. They never saw Toph.
Toph snickered excitedly to herself as she fumbled her clothes, getting into more appropriate
attire. And by appropriate, she really meant not appropriate at all. Her mother would faint if
she saw this get up. No unnecessary frills, no expensive material that itched, and no stupid,
dainty accessories aside her trusty headband. Seriously, accessories? What idiot even
invented them?
Satisfied, Toph opened a crater in her bedroom, hopped through, and just like that, she was
off.
The sixth reason Toph Beifong was better than Master Yu was this; Toph Beifong did not go
to the pub right across the street from the Earth Rumble when she finished her day. Now, this

shouldn’t have been a problem; Toph could have just earthbended right on inside the arena.
There was no reason for her to even breach the surface between her home and the Earth
Rumble. No reason, aside the stupid metal wall forming the arena being buried deep, deep
down. Even Toph couldn’t bend metal, which pissed her off to no end. She could bury down,
but that wasted time and effort that she needed if she wanted to pummel the Boulder into the
dirt again. She had to resort to climbing into a quiet alleyway, sneaking into the arena’s side
entrance where Yu wouldn’t see her and, Koh forbid, tell her parents.
Toph's feet were listening out for adults, particularly Master Yu’s stupid prancing. Her skills
were fantastic, one could say unbeatable and easily the greatest of all time, but there was a
chance, a slither of possibility, that she might not have been concentrating on the rest of her
surroundings. She forgot that this particular alleyway was just shy of the market. She forgot
that, just because Master Yu didn’t see her, it didn’t mean no one else did.
“You’re an earthbender.” A voice said, male and impossibly raspy. Toph whirled on him.
Her feet told her the stranger was a boy, young, with a solid stance that was rooted to the
ground like he expected a fight, though his tone had been casual, which made exactly no
sense. Unless of course, he recognised her. Oh no, he was going to snitch.
“What’s it to you?” Toph sniped, ready to jump back into her crater at any given moment.
She felt the boy shrug. “Nothing. You just seem a bit-.”
“If you say young I'll throw a rock at your head.”
The boy’s heart, that had been beating at a strange, sporadic pace anyway, skipped in
surprise. Toph smirked, smug. The boy didn’t recognise her, that much was certain. She'd be
able to tell by now.
Which meant he was the first person her age she’d spoken to in a very, very long time.
She might as well have some fun with it.
“What’s your deal then, Sneaky?” Toph asked, and she snorted when the boy’s breathing
hitched.
“Did you just call me-?”
“That’s what you get for sneaking up on a blind girl. What, you don’t like your nickname?”
Toph tapped her chin in exaggerated consideration. “Maybe I should call you Prickly
instead."
He did seem awfully prickly, and Toph was rather proud of her new nickname.
“Oh yeah, and what’s your name?” Prickly asked after a few seconds of stunned silence, and
to Toph’s delight, she could sense an air of teasing to him now. He was playing ball. Not that
Toph cared if he did or not, it was just a bit of fun, from one kid to another. No biggie. She
didn’t need friends. She had the Earth Rumble. That was enough.

“I’m not telling.” Toph grinned. “It’s a secret.”
Prickly contemplated that a moment, before deciding; “Priss.”
“I am not!” Toph exclaimed, appalled. “I am the opposite of a priss. Take that back, Prickly!”
“Or what?” Prickly goaded, arrogance filling his tone.
Toph cracked her knuckles, scoffing. She was suddenly glad Master Yu had decided to
choose the pub right across the street, forcing Toph to emerge right here at the same time as
this boy. He was fun.
Toph stomped her foot, feeling a pillar of earth jab out and smack into Prickly’s elbow.
“Ow!” He yelled, more in surprise than pain. “You almost made me drop my tea leaves."
“Tea leaves?" Toph repeated, cackling. “You don’t strike me as a tea kind of guy.”
“I’m not.” Prickly mumbled, going a little quiet, heart thumping. “It’s... they’re not for me.”
Toph had never felt anyone get so protective over tea leaves before. She could actually feel
Prickly cradling the jar to his chest, probably eyeing her, ready to protect the leaves from any
earthbending she might throw at him. As ridiculous as it was, Toph made a mental note to not
hit the tea leaves.
“You’re not from around here, are you, Prickly?” Toph asked, changing the subject and
getting to the dirty secrets she so loved pulling from people. It was clear from the get-go that
Prickly wasn’t a local. Toph would have recognised him, for one, and he also lacked
Gaoling’s stiffness. He was prickly, not stiff. There was a difference, and that difference was
what saw Toph enjoying his company instead of throwing boulders at him.
Prickly hesitated. “I’m with the Water Tribe. We're camped on the beach just over the hill.”
He said, and his heart did a weird thing. It wasn’t a lie, but there was something strange there.
Toph decided to shrug it off. Maybe Prickly was still paranoid about his tea leaves.
So, a tribesman. That was pretty cool. Toph had never met one of them before.
“And you?” Prickly asked. “What’re you doing out here?”
He didn’t make the mistake many did. What are you, a young, blind, helpless little girl, doing
out here? But still, it was implied, and Toph didn’t appreciate that one bit.
“I’m the greatest earthbender of all time. I do what I want.” Toph hissed, because if she said
it enough, she might be free.
“If you say so, Priss.” Prickly chuckled, and Toph was very close to punching him,
earthbending be damned.
“I am! I'm the champion of Earth Rumble VI!” Toph yelled, and that seemed to get Prickly’s
attention. So, a lover of the violent arts. A man after Toph’s own heart.

“I have a match tonight, you know.” Toph continued, calmer now, arrogant. “I could meet
you after, though. Show you just how good an earthbender I am. I'm sure you’ve got some
tricks up your sleeves, tea boy. What do you say?”
He wanted to say no, she could tell, but his heart betrayed him, racing in excitement at the
thought of sparring. Toph wondered if he was a waterbender. It didn’t matter, of course. She
could take on anyone.
Finally, the boy spoke up, and his tone was dripping with competitiveness. “You’re on,
Priss.”
____
Zuko realised the moment he got to the market that he’d probably been a little harsh back at
camp. He'd yelled at Hakoda and stormed out, leaving without explanation. The sun was
setting now, bathing the town in orange. The warriors would be worried about him. It was a
strange fact to come to terms with, but while he still had no idea why, he knew indisputably
that they would be. He was being selfish.
He had a little money in his pocket from his earlier visit to the market with Tomkin and
Nanook, and used it to buy some tea leaves. He felt awful; the cloudberry blend was
specifically from the South Pole, and Zuko had broken it. He'd apologise to Kanut after he
apologised to Hakoda, and then he would apologise to Tomkin. Agni, why did Zuko always
do this? Everywhere he went, he left a trail of mistakes in his wake.
He held the glass jar of tea leaves close as he walked through Gaoling, deep in thought. That
was when he bumped into that girl. She'd been a strange sight, appearing from a hole in an
alley that sealed shut as soon as she hopped out, a tiny thing. She couldn't have been older
than twelve, and she was blind. Still, she talked like a soldier, ready and willing to fight.
Zuko had never respected someone so quickly, and he’d liked her. It was odd, because she
was rude and blunt and a risk, but he liked her.
And now he was meeting her to spar after her tournament.
Priss, as he now had no other option but to call her thanks to her infuriating anonymity, said
she wouldn’t need much time to ‘knock some sense into those imbeciles’, and they’d agreed
to meet in an hour in a clearing outside of town. Zuko decided to set off there already, having
nothing better to do. Gaoling was quiet, too middle-class to have much of a nightlife, and that
set Zuko on edge. The silence was deafening, choking him, leaving him with nothing but his
thoughts and paranoia. When he heard two faint voices, he couldn’t help but latch onto them.
Two Earth Kingdom soldiers stood in the shadows of an alcove, just shy of a main street. One
had mussed auburn hair, eyes wide, head flicking in all directions but not noticing Zuko,
because Zuko knew how to go unnoticed. The other was slightly bigger, with dark hair and
crooked fingers holding a glowing cigarette. They spoke quietly, but if Zuko pressed himself
against the wall, leaning as far as he dared, he could just about hear.
“Oro, if this goes wrong-.”

“But what if it goes right, Renmin?” The one with the cigarette pressed, like he’d been
having this conversation for a while. “Fong would love us. Spirits, he’d probably move us
into his own unit. All we have to do is hand over a teenager.”
“That teenager,” the auburn haired one hissed, “is the Crown Prince of the Fire Nation.”
Zuko had been sneaking around too long to give himself away to something as mundane as a
gasp, but it came close. His lungs stuttered over his breaths, heart freezing, then skipping,
then racing at a pace that thundered in his ears. These two soldiers knew who he was, and
they wanted to give him to General Fong. But... but Hakoda had said he was safe. Had he
lied?
No, Zuko trusted Hakoda more than that. Fong had lied to Hakoda, had pretended to believe
the Chief. He’d known all along that Zuko was still with the Water Tribe.
“He won’t see us coming. We'll go tonight, before Tovah gets here." The one with the
cigarette, Oro, whispered, tone urgent and excited in equal measures. “We sneak into their
camp, grab the Prince, and go.”
“They’re not just going to let us have him, Oro.” Renmin whispered, raking a hand through
his hair in stress. “They kept him for a reason; he’s the best bartering tool against the Fire
Nation anyone’s had in a hundred years.”
That... was not an achievement Zuko was expecting anytime soon, but he supposed it was
fair. To those as naïve about the Fire Lord as these soldiers and clearly Fong, Zuko was a
political miracle. It was why the Water Tribe kept him at first, but these soldiers were wrong,
because it wasn’t why the Water Tribe kept him now.
Fong thought Hakoda had betrayed him in order to withhold a simple bartering tool. Their
alliance that had been so shaky was about to crumble all over again.
“We’re both earthbenders.” Oro said, raising a malicious eyebrow. “If they make so much as
a peep,” his lips curled up evilly, his fingers gesturing something tumbling down, “we'll just
bury their little camp."
This time, Zuko had to clasp his hand to his mouth to stop from giving himself away. He
needed to swear, and shout, and tell these men to stay far, far away from the Water Tribe
camp. But he was unarmed in the middle of Gaoling. He couldn’t firebend here. His options
were very, very limited.
He could either run now and live, slip out of Gaoling in the setting sun, leaving the Earth
Kingdom and Water Tribe to fight it out over a Fire Prince that wasn’t even there. He could
go find Uncle, restart his search for the Avatar. He could pretend these past four weeks had
never happened.
Or, he could go back to the camp and find something to fight with, ready himself, and meet
the two soldiers in the middle before they ever got the chance to hurt the warriors.
Run or stay.

Live or die.
Zuko sighed, and as the sun slipped beneath the horizon entirely, he ran.

Chapter End Notes

TOPH BEIFONG! TOPH BEIFONG! TOPH BEIFONG! maybe i love her the most,
what about it. also gingie and lung cancer, PLEASE stick to the script. tovah is gonna be
so, so pissed off. can't wait

Chapter 17: i. All You Have Is Your Fire
Chapter Notes

i’d like to start by saying I'm a colossal idiot and put a whole section in a word doc to
copy and paste regarding recent fanart and shit, but did I remember to add it to chapter
16’s author’s notes? No i did not. I am STUPID and SORRY. Anyway go look at these
masterpieces to make ur day:
have some art, have some more, one more
and read this because it is LITERALLY fucking incredible and i've reread maybe 5
times now. It's the Lightning Incident from Chena's pov and it's literally better than this
fic soooooo go read or perish i guess up to you.
the countdown is down to *checks watch* yep 2 chapters left!! okay here have chapter
17 and have a fantastic day nerds and perhaps, in the hypothetical situation that you
could possibly do something that i personally would not do, then don't x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The shadows were cold things grabbing at his ankles, the first winter’s night of the year,
creeping in with its merciless chill. Winter never had been taught softness, and now it
watched Zuko sprint with nothing but hollow darkness.
He'd made his decision easily.
Grappling with living or dying, understanding the weight of this choice, had made him
hesitate, but Zuko had known straight away that there really was never any decision to begin
with.
He wouldn’t abandon the Water Tribe, wouldn’t even let himself consider it.
And now, his limbs screamed at him to slow, feet catching on the uneven rocks of Gaoling’s
hills, scrambling for stability, pushing always forward, forward, forward. Even as each panted
breath scratched his throat, even as his heart raced faster than he did, he moved forward. He
hadn’t felt a fear like this in a long time. He'd feared for himself plenty, stared death in the
eye and blinked first, but fearing for the lives of others, lives of people he cared about, caused
a different kind of terror. It felt like there was an eagle-hawk caught inside him, flapping
against the confines of his ribcage, desperate for warmer nights than this. An organic fear. A
tangible fear. A fear that tore him apart as he remembered a flicked hand and nonchalant
threat. We'll just bury their little camp.
All because of Zuko.

Zuko forced himself to move quicker, finally reaching the crest that overlooked the beach, the
camp, his camp.
If those two soldiers thought they could hurt the warriors, then they had Zuko to go through
first.
Despite the darkness brought on by Agni’s descent, the Water Tribe tents were still clear, lit
up by the orange campfire. As was tradition, the warriors had gathered around it. They
always did before bed, never tiring of one another’s company. Zuko used their mingling
voices to muffle his footsteps as he hugged the treeline.
Zuko remembered seeing these men fight, all that millennia ago on the Erlong. He
remembered his mental list he’d made, analysing the risk factor posited by each of them. The
warriors were a force to be reckoned with.
But Zuko also remembered Nanook, then a stranger, held up by Tomkin and Tulok. Zuko
remembered how he himself had scorched Chena’s chest; a second longer over the flame and
the damage would have been too much to survive.
Two earthbenders against an entire tribe of warriors was hopeless, but a melee was a melee.
People would get hurt, would risk their lives, no matter the odds. Zuko couldn’t take the risk.
He protected the lives of the many as the Fire Prince, but as Zuko, he protected the lives of
the few. Hakoda be damned.
Which meant he had to fight this alone.
When they’d unpacked the Ullaakut of the things needed to make camp, Zuko had watched
Chena and Aput haul a large chest down the gangplank, leaving it beneath a small area to the
side of camp, covered by tarp, where supplies were put. Zuko had known what was in that
chest wasn’t the usual food and water and clothes of supplies. He heard the metal clang, saw
Chena’s curled grin. Weapons, picked from the Ullaakut’s armoury, to keep in case the camp
was attacked and the warriors had to defend themselves quickly. Zuko knew the Water Tribe
were different, used machetes not swords, but he had trained with Piandao, for Agni’s sake.
He'd make it work.
Accepting that he’d probably have to take on those two earthbenders with a weapon he didn’t
know how to use, Zuko slipped out of the treeline, ducking behind tents until he reached the
tarped over supplies corner. There was no one here and he was completely hidden from the
campfire, but he kept his movements silent all the same.
He couldn’t, however, silence his scoff of surprised delight when he opened the chest to see
two familiar broadswords glinting at him beneath the moonlight.
____
“He should be back by now.” Hakoda worried, staring at the shadowed hills of Gaoling,
searching for a shadow that moved.

“Please,” Chena scoffed from the other side of the campfire, “he’s a teenage boy. You ran off
plenty at that age if I remember correctly.”
“True, remember that time you snuck out and wound up getting your foot stuck in a
snowdrift? Me and Bato had to come find you.” Kanut grinned, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
Joking when stressed was a specialty of his.
“I never snuck off after an argument.” Hakoda pointed out. Running off because you’re
young and running off because you’re upset were two wildly different things, and the latter
could lead to recklessness that Zuko was already prone to.
Tomkin let his head fall into his hands. "It’s all my fault!" He cried, making Nanook roll his
eyes. He'd been consoling the other boy ever since they watched Zuko storm off.
“Little Tom-.”
“It is!” Tomkin snapped his head up, cutting off Tulok’s soft tones. “Hakoda told him he
could leave at any Earth Kingdom port he wanted to, but he chose to stay until I started
acting like a dick, and now he’s never coming back!”
“Tui and La, don’t say stuff like that.” Nanook hissed. “Between the two of you, your
dramatics are gonna be the death of me. Honestly, Zuko immediately thinks you hate him
after a single spat, and you immediately think he’s gone forever just because he goes for a
walk.”
Tomkin just blinked at Nanook, eyes wide and horrified. “He thinks I hate him?!”
Nanook groaned.
“Let’s all just chill the fuck out, how about that?” Chena tried, but was met with a handful of
glares that were, tellingly, not willing to chill the fuck out.
“At least look at this logically,” Aput spoke up, quirking an eyebrow, “that kid is ridiculously
competent when he needs to be. He can take care of himself, and if he knows what’s good for
him, he’ll come back.”
Hakoda sighed, wanting to believe Aput. He couldn’t remember when the crew decided that
Zuko was one of theirs now. Hakoda knew he decided it in the South Pole, in his tent, but
he’d never told the others what Zuko told him that night. The crew simply saw the change in
Hakoda, and it made them give Zuko a chance. It was the lightning that did it, Hakoda
thought. The last nail in the wall of a new home. This Fire Nation Prince was the Water
Tribe’s to care for now, and they all felt like they’d failed.
Hakoda more than anyone.
He shouldn’t have pushed Zuko so much, should have seen him shutting down and backed
off. He'd thought the words needed to be said, but perhaps it wasn’t the time, or he said them
wrong, or he was too blunt.
He couldn’t stop thinking about everything he should have done differently.

“Hey.” Kanut said, nudging Hakoda with his knee. “He’s a kid, not a child, you know.”
Hakoda frowned. “What?”
“Sometimes, you treat him like he’s this fragile little child,” Kanut explained, staring at his
scarred hands, “but he isn’t. He’s a bloody-minded kid, and he's strong, stronger than most of
us. He'll come back.”
Hakoda thought a moment, before he sighed. “Tui and La, I hope so.”
____
Zuko was seven when he first started training to use his dual swords, and these were the same
ones he’d had, all these years. The same ones he was once willing to fight an entire tribe of
warriors for. He smirked at the memory. Idiot, he thought, but didn’t regret it.
He picked them up and all of his fear, his panic, his uncertainty, suddenly fell away. He
always felt like that with his swords in hand. This must be what Azula felt with firebending.
Unstoppable. Zuko was in complete control when he had his dual swords.
This was all going to be okay.
With a deep breath, Zuko slung the scabbard over his shoulder. He was about to draw the
swords together, making the impression of a single blade, when he hesitated.
He had promised Hakoda that he would think things through from now on, and if he was
being honest with himself, Zuko knew there was a chance this wouldn’t be okay. He knew
that. He had to know that. For all Uncle’s proverbs, Zuko could usually tell when a plan was
stupid, it just never stopped him. But now, he hesitated. Because he made a promise, and if
this went badly, the warriors would have no idea what happened to him. They'd think Zuko
had just left them, like Hakoda had said he could, like he’d decided not to. Without so much
as a goodbye or a thank you.
He couldn’t risk it. He had to leave something, some sort of sign. A message. He was running
out of time. There was nothing he could write with or on anywhere nearby, and he couldn’t
think of anything to leave behind that had enough meaning.
He traced the handle of one of his swords absentmindedly, an idea catching light in his mind,
an idea he wasn’t particularly keen on.
Had he not specifically said to Hakoda how unnatural it would be to use only one of the dual
swords?
He could leave one, stab it into the sand where one of the warriors was bound to come across
it, purposeful and obvious. Hakoda would understand what it meant, would know Zuko did
not leave of his own volition.
Everything in Zuko begged for another idea. He couldn’t fight as well with one sword, but
that wasn’t the main issue. After his Agni Kai with Father, Zuko took months to get used to
his impaired vision, and it reflected in his swordsmanship. So, to get better, he practiced left-

handed with a single sword for an entire year, learning how to rely on his other senses,
learning how to listen, how to wait, how to swing. It was slow going at first, but now when
he used his dual swords, his left side didn’t hold him back. He could wield a single blade, he
just didn’t want to.
Because it was unnatural.
Because to use only one would mean to leave half of himself behind.
But it was necessary.
Zuko twirled one of the swords longingly, before stabbing it securely into the beach, knee
kissing the sand as he did. Men had posed like this before his father. Once, so had Zuko.
He wondered for a moment, if he was leaving a side of him behind, which side was it? And
more unsettlingly, which side was he bringing with him?
Did he even want to know?
He scaled Gaoling’s hills once again, slowly getting used to the rocky terrain. He walked
with the tribe behind him, the campfire warm and inviting, a seat around it for him if he
chose. Zuko remembered yelling at Hakoda, remembered watching Tomkin storm away. He
tried to tell himself he would have a chance to make amends, but the birdlike fear within him
had gone eerily quiet, resigned to its cage. He couldn’t shake the thought that he wouldn’t
come back from this.
If this was the end, then it ended bitter and angry, and there was nothing he could do about
that.
“I’m sorry.” Zuko whispered, hand curling into a fist around his pai sho tile for a moment,
before he turned and walked out alone into the cold.
____
Oro and Renmin were ready, they were prepared, they knew what they were doing. It would
be easy; they’d scouted out the Water Tribe camp earlier in the day when they’d first spotted
the damned Prince of the Fire Nation. They would be able to sneak through the tents, snatch
away the Prince while everyone else slept, cuff his hands in rocks before he got the chance to
firebend. If any of the warriors got in their way, Oro would fight them off while Renmin took
the Fire Prince. The camp was right by a hilled forest; starting a landslide would be easy. It
would look like an accident.
“Oro?” Renmin hissed suddenly as the buildings of Gaoling got further and further behind
them, the hill before them getting steeper with every strained step.
“Shut up, I'm thinking.” Oro muttered, not even looking at his fellow soldier, fingers curled
around the last cigarette in his pack.
“Oro, there’s someone there.” Renmin said, more urgent this time.

Oro frowned, looking up and shaking away his thoughts. Sure enough, there was a figure
walking down the hill towards them, weaving through the sparse trees, their silhouette small
but drawn up proudly. In the shadows, it could have been a Spirit, but then the stranger
paused, moved their hand so their palm faced the night sky, and a small flame lit their scarred
face up in a glow.
Oro grinned and Renmin sucked in a shocked breath.
The Prince had walked right to them.
____
In a crooked twist of fate, Zuko had wound up with the high-ground. He'd hoped to find the
earthbenders before they found him, lure them to the clearing where Priss had agreed to meet
him; flatter terrain was easier to fight on. But this, this hill of grass and rocks and a few trees,
he could work with, so long as he withheld the advantage he’d been given.
Two against one.
Two earthbenders against one firebender.
Zuko paused, assessing the situation, watching the two earthbenders flick green glances to
one another before they stepped apart, as if to come at Zuko from both sides. One was taller
than the other, and held a cigarette absentmindedly as if he’d forgotten he was smoking it, his
hair a wooden brown. The other had a young face, all pinched and nervous, and his hair was a
peculiar auburn. Auburn hair was rare; Zuko remembered Uncle once saying the shade was
usually an indicator to Kyoshi Island heritage. Zuko had only been to Kyoshi Island once
though, and had been too busy mercilessly burning innocent villagers’ homes to notice their
hair colour. He winced at the thought - had it always felt so gratuitous? – before pushing it
away.
He needed to focus on the two earthbenders before him.
This was like another fight Zuko had been in. Five against two. Those earthbenders that had
been about to crush Uncle’s hands. Zuko had studied their forms, watched their attacks. He'd
learned.
Outnumbered, but not outmatched.
“Evening, gentlemen.” Zuko said calmly, keeping his breathing rhythmic, feeling how his
single sheathed broadsword shifted between his shoulder blades, ready to grab it at any given
moment. The tension in the air was palpable, the taste of a battle that was yet to wage.
Waiting was never the part Zuko was good at.
“It’s a little late for a teenager to be wandering the hills alone,” one of the earthbenders said
as he crushed his cigarette beneath the toe of his boot, “don’t you think?”
Zuko’s fingers twitched, lips pulling up into a grin. “I think you’ll find I can take care of
myself.”

He unsheathed his broadsword just as something hurled towards his face, arcing the blade
down and slashing through the lump of rock. It scattered around him in pieces, and the
earthbender with the cigarette allowed his eyes to widen a fraction in surprise. They'd really
thought Zuko would be easy.
The taller soldier growled in annoyance before charging Zuko. He was sloppy and brash, and
Zuko simply twirled elegantly away from his outstretched hands, kicking the back of his knee
and watching the man fall to the floor. The second soldier was more reserved, and was clearly
thinking things through before he attacked.
“Leave now and no one needs to get hurt.” Zuko hissed, pivoting to face the first man as the
earthbender shakily regained his footing.
He just smirked cruelly. “Leave? I'm looking at the first opportunity I've been handed in
years.” He growled, and Zuko’s insides roiled uncomfortably when he saw the man pull a
sickle from his belt. It was a strange weapon, the blade curved and glinting in the moonlight.
One wrong move on Zuko’s part, one right move on the earthbender’s part, and that blade
could kill him, could spill his blood onto the dirt around them.
Zuko squared back his shoulders.
He would do what he’d always done.
Zuko would fight.
He stepped forward and the earthbender matched his movement, and in the next moment, the
peaceful countryside was split by the deafening clang of metal smacking into metal as their
two blades met before their faces. Zuko snarled, pushing against him, overpowering him until
the terrain beneath his feet began to slide. He barely had time to jump back before a pillar of
rock shot up, attempting to break his jaw. He glared at the auburn-haired soldier, who stood
now in a bending stance a few metres away.
“Renmin, go make sure the Water Tribe aren’t gonna ambush us.” The earthbender with the
sickle hissed, and Zuko’s heart skipped.
“That wasn’t the plan, Oro-.” The clearly smarter earthbender, Renmin, urged, green eyes
fearful as he looked between Zuko, who had rooted his stance and held his broadsword with
deadly precision, and the other soldier, Oro.
“Now!” Oro yelled, but just as Renmin went to reluctantly comply, a bolt of fire cut right in
front of him, freezing him in place.
“Leave them out of this.” Zuko said, half-feral with determination. It suddenly no longer
mattered if he survived this fight, as long as these men stayed away from the camp.
“Renmin, go!” Oro ordered, urgent this time, like he thought Zuko was tricking them. To
Zuko’s horror, Renmin nodded, running into the shadows Zuko had emerged from only
minutes before.

Oro was frowning, as if Zuko’s behaviour confused him, but Zuko didn’t give him the chance
to think too hard on it before he jumped forward. He went to swing his sword, but just as Oro
readied to parry, Zuko switched hands, slashing the blade and catching Oro’s shoulder in a
deep cut.
The man cried out, more surprise than pain, and Zuko used his distraction to bolt the way
Renmin had gone. He barely made it two paces before sharp rock locked around his ankle,
sending him sprawling forward. He thought of the warriors sleeping in their tents,
unprepared, defenceless. He had to get there first. Zuko managed to twist around, bashing the
handle of his sword against the rock that encased his foot, but it wouldn’t budge, and
suddenly, Oro was in his face, arm swinging down. Zuko just managed to raise his sword in
time to shove the sickle's directory upwards. It wasn’t enough to avoid injury altogether, and
the blade cut his jaw, right below his scar, warm blood dripping down Zuko’s neck.
The sight of it unhinged something in Zuko, breaking open the cage within him and letting
his fear soar free, tearing him to shreds until he was nothing but a skeleton of age-old
instincts.
Fight or flight.
Zuko grabbed a handful of Oro’s green uniform just as the man went to earthbend, yanking
him to the ground. Zuko's ankle was still trapped, but now, Oro was within his grip. Bending
and swordsmanship abandoned them both; in that moment, they scrabbled and punched like
animals. Zuko cuffed Oro across the head, reaching as far as he was able to try and pin the
bigger man down. Oro, disorientated from the hit, just managed to wrestle Zuko off, his foot
digging beneath Zuko’s ribs and making him gasp.
Rocks flew from the ground, encasing Oro’s knuckles moments before he punched Zuko in
the face.
Zuko's head snapped to the side, the rocks tearing through the skin of his unscarred cheek, the
force of it agonising and strong enough to send him onto his back. The world around him
spun with a sickening dizzyness. There was blood pooling in Zuko’s mouth. The camp.
“You can’t beat me, Your Majesty.” Oro growled, clenching his hand into a fist that saw rock
shooting forward and pinning Zuko’s wrist to the ground. Oro pressed his knee to Zuko’s
chest, ugly face looming, sickle stained with Zuko’s blood. He’d trapped him.
But the man got too cocky, and forgot one very important fact about Zuko.
“It’s Your Highness.” Zuko hissed, before releasing his held breath in a gust of burning flame.
Oro screamed, rolling to the side and relenting Zuko’s binds in his hurry to get away. The
adrenaline roaring through Zuko’s body made him numb to his aching foot and wrist, numb
to the pain that throbbed with every pulse of blood through the cuts to his face. He just
needed to run. He needed to get to the others.
In the chaos of it all, he barely remembered the jar of tea leaves still tucked in his pocket. It
fell onto the hill, shattering, leaves scattering.

But it suddenly didn’t matter, because Zuko was seconds away from the crest of the hill,
seconds away from being able to see the warriors, his friends.
And then it all went wrong.
A rock ledge jutted out, smacking into his knee and sending waves of agony through him as
his body crumpled over. Zuko's hand clutched the ground, fingers burying into the dirt, as he
tried to push himself up, but he was met with a wet blade at his throat and a man panting
heavily in his ear. Zuko could just see the tips of the camp’s tents, the faintest glow of the
ebbing campfire. Zuko could see Renmin, frozen and confused, a few metres away.
“This is how this is going to go, Prince Zuko.” Oro snarled in Zuko’s ear, Zuko’s left ear.
“You are going to come with us. You are going to comply and keep your mouth shut, and we
are going to take you to General Fong.” Coolers, brigs, they won’t hesitate to break you. Zuko
writhed, but Oro just grabbed him by his hair, pulling his head back to expose his neck even
further. Zuko could barely breathe past the thumping of his heart.
“If you don’t,” Zuko could hear the cruel grin in Oro’s voice, “then we have back-up headed
here as we speak. By midnight, that precious little camp that you so inexplicably want to
keep safe will be no more than a graveyard. Am I making myself clear?”
He was. He was spelling it out in the simplest way possible. Zuko could choose to save
himself, or he could choose to save the Water Tribe. And he'd already made that decision
once tonight, but this was so, so different. This was explicit, a precipice he was dangling
from. This wasn’t a worst-case scenario anymore; this was the only scenario. Deciding to stay
and fight in order to protect the Water Tribe was easy, because fighting, surviving, was what
Zuko did. But now, Oro was telling him to give himself up, to allow himself to be taken
prisoner when Zuko knew full well what awaited him with Fong, in order to protect the Water
Tribe.
To save the warriors, Zuko needed to stop fighting.
To save the warriors, Zuko needed to give up.
Father and Azula wouldn’t have stayed this long anyway, and they certainly wouldn’t submit
to capture for the sake of others. Azula would say that Zuko had repaid his debt to the Water
Tribe now, that he’d fought Oro and Renmin, had done his best, and that was all they could
ask. Azula would say if the warriors even had a shred of compassion for Zuko, they would
never expect this of him.
And Zuko knew wholeheartedly that that was true. If Hakoda or Kanut or Tomkin or Nanook
or even fucking Chena were here right now, Zuko knew they’d be begging him to run,
escape, fight. Because they cared about him, and Zuko realised now that that meant they
didn’t expect anything in return.
But Zuko also realised that he cared about them, and he couldn’t ask for anything in return.
He wouldn’t ask for their lives in place of his. He wouldn’t allow it.

Zuko shifted awkwardly, slowly sheathing his sword, before dropping his hands to his sides.
As he sat on his muddied knees just shy of the crest of that hill, blood staining his blue
clothes, Zuko thought of his friends.
Chena was the first one he met, and they met with blades between them and the words
‘ashmaker’ and ‘barbarian’ in greeting. This morning, Chena had tried to convince Zuko not
to go into the market, brow furrowed in badly hidden concern for if Zuko got recognised.
Once, Zuko had been pulled before Hakoda and trembled in his terror, had told the Chief to
kill him and not understood when the man didn’t. Hakoda, who said the words ‘love is love’
like it didn’t have to mean anything when it struck Zuko with the weight of meaning
everything. Hakoda, whose hug felt like safety to a boy who had never felt it before. Hakoda,
whose men called him Chief not because he demanded it, but because he’d earned it.
And what about Kanut? His stupid tea and stupid sarcasm and the stupid way he never
pushed his white hair from his face when he was reading, and the stupid way he was always
reading. Kanut had never made Zuko turn his back on the door and had asked for permission
to do what had to be done. Kanut had slept in the same room as Zuko back when he had no
reason to believe Zuko wouldn’t kill him, had given trust so easily despite everything his
father did to beat it out of him.
Zuko thought of Tomkin’s relentless laughter and Nanook’s slow but steady friendship. He
thought of how they’d wreaked havoc amongst the crew time and time again, how he found
out you could hurt from laughter, not just terror. They taught Zuko how to have fun, how to be
a teenager. They were his first real friends.
Zuko thought next of Tulok. He'd hated him for so long, but the warrior was wise and kind
and soft. It was still his ribbon in Zuko’s hair, tainted beneath Oro’s harsh grip. A hundred
miles away, a pile of rocks sat beside a deserted Fire Nation ship, ashes scattered and
tributes placed. Tulok knew how to lay Fire Nation souls to rest now. Zuko hoped, quietly,
that Tulok would do the same to his if it came to that.
Zuko took a deep breath, meditative, and came finally to Aput. He'd taught Zuko caulking and
swabbing and all manner of useless, nonsensical, peasant chores that Zuko had grumbled
against to no end, and he’d taught him patiently, even as he swore at him. Aput had said Zuko
was different to others from the Fire Nation, and Zuko had been too angry to realise that,
after the damage his nation had done, that was a compliment.
It hurt to think about them. Even as Zuko’s mind flicked through the vague faces of the other
crewmembers, the ones he hadn’t bothered with and the ones who hadn’t bothered with him, it
hurt. It hurt as he pictured Chop chasing him, Tomkin and Nanook up onto the deck, as he
pictured foggy faces glaring at him in the corridors. Leaving the Water Tribe hurt. It hurt so
much Zuko wanted to scream at the injustice of it all. He'd just started learning how to be
content, how to prioritise more than just the Avatar, and now, it was all being ripped from
him.
And he was letting it happen, because if he didn’t, it would all be buried and the Water Tribe
would be another memory damned to that Agni-forsaken beach.

“I’ll go with you." Zuko whispered.
____
Kanut didn’t sleep that night. He sat by the campfire until it guttered into nothing but ash and
pathetic embers. He waited, waited for movement, or a sign, or something. Nothing came.
When he saw a flash of orange across the hill, his heart leapt hopefully, but a few minutes
passed and still, nothing. It was just one of the campfire’s loose embers, one that refused to
extinguish, despite it all, sparking up towards the sky to curl amongst the stars.
____
Zuko didn’t fight but still Oro shoved him between the shoulder blades as they descended the
hill. Zuko felt numb to it all, vacant, hollowed, damned. White moonlight bled onto the hill in
stripes, hidden by cloud like even the moon was watching through her fingers. Tui, was her
name, sister of Agni. It wasn't Zuko’s religion, but she at least deserved a name. Take care of
them for me, Zuko prayed. And maybe Tui heard him, because the cloud shifted and light fell
dimly onto sharp shards of glass.
Zuko had dropped the fucking tea leaves.
He tried to swoop down and grab them, suddenly needing to have them, have something,
have anything with him through this, but Renmin grabbed his sleeve and hauled him back,
causing Zuko’s palm to gash open against the shattered jar. He didn’t even wince. He'd
known it wouldn’t work. Nothing ever did.
“Don’t try anything, princeling.” Oro snarled, shoving Zuko once more. Zuko went to hold a
flame in his palm out of instinct, a threat, but when he tried, nothing came. He felt guttered.
He felt... cold.
Agni, he was so cold. And all he had to warm him was the blood coating his hands.

Chapter End Notes

zuko, baby, my dear, my love, my angel, have you considered, has it ever crossed your
mind, that you could, perhaps, actually use your FUCKING BRAIN FOR
ONCE??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????

?????????????????
like 'two earthbenders wanna kidnap me, time to be an honour-bound twat and fight
them off singlehandedly here i go' NO SHITDICK. GET YOUR FATHER. NOT THAT
ONE. HAKODA.

Chapter 18: i. The Hill We Die On
Chapter Notes

THIS CHAPTER RIGHT HERE WAS A BITCH A REAL MOTHERFUCKER A
COMPLETE BASTARD IF YOU WILL. writers block said 'no <3' this week and it's
been hard but here i am at 1am on monday regardless because i hate myself and am
stupid. very stupid. if you find ANY mistakes in this chapter then that's my business.
honestly chapter 18 came into my house and beat me up and just refused to be written
into existence for the longest time. I HATE IT but hey at least it's here now. we start
from the perspectives of two literal legends. You get a new pov that u all have been
bitching for. Hope this makes up for the distinct lack of a certain somebody’s pov this
chapter. Hope it’s not because something bad has happened. That would be not good.
the way that this is the penultimate chapter of part 1? effectively the second to last
chapter of an entire BOOK? who let this happen. fess up
WATCH THIS IF YOU WANT TO CRY LAUGHING damn we really do have taob
vine comps now i love it here actually? maybe?
okay hope u all have a good day nerds, don't do anything i wouldn't do or else i'll show
up in ur room while ur sleeping xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Don’t get her wrong, Toph loved Earth Rumble VI. She loved the thundering rolls of the
crowd around her, the smell of dirt and sweat, the freedom, the excessiveness of it all that
was so vivid compared to her sheltered life back home. But tonight, she couldn’t help but be
a little impatient, grumbling to herself as Xin Fu did his usual, ridiculous showmanship.
She wanted to see Prickly again.
More specifically, she wanted to kick his ass as they sparred.
So, when Toph finished mercilessly hurling grown men out of the ring for the night, she
practically threw herself through a crater, racing through tunnels and feeling her way to the
clearing she’d told Prickly about. Toph couldn’t help but snicker to herself as she ran. This,
truly, was the life; running from fight to fight, covered in dirt and sweat, hair plastered to her
face, half-feral. None of those namby-pamby dinner parties and nobles and- ugh. The thought
alone was sickening.
“Hey, tea boy-!” Toph began with a sneer as she erupted from the ground, before cutting
herself off, frowning. She moved her feet, feeling the entire clearing, the sloped hills
surrounding it, feeling even the slumbering town a mile or so away. Like this, she could see
everything.

Everything but Prickly.
But she’d specifically told him to meet her here in an hour, and it had been an hour, and she
was here, so where was he?
Toph growled in frustration, sending a rock flying into the mud. She hadn’t spent her evening
listening to the Boulder refer to himself in the third-person just to lose to Prickly. Prickly
with his stupid, weird heartbeat and his Spirits-damned tea leaves.
I'm with the Water Tribe. We're camped on the beach just over the hill.
Toph’s grin was evil. She wasn’t a fan of sand, but she decided it was time she took a trip to
the beach.
She'd just started stomping up the hill, cackling to herself as she pictured storming into the
camp, knocking Prickly awake and demanding he stop being a coward and spar with her,
when she was forced to stop. Toph’s insistence of going barefoot everywhere – so she could
actually, you know, see – meant the skin of her feet was tough, and she didn’t flinch when she
trod on rocks or particularly pesky twigs.
Glass, however, was another matter entirely.
“Ow!” She shouted, hopping as if she could jump away from the sudden pain in her foot,
hands grabbing only to touch something warm and slick. She'd cut herself. Nothing major,
but enough to draw a few drops of blood. Frowning and swearing with the few curses she
knew, Toph carefully kneeled, using her hands to search for the pesky shard of glass that had
nicked her, if only to launch it away out of revenge.
At first, she didn’t question how slippery the glass was. She had just cut herself on it, and
was being reminded by her now throbbing foot that wouldn’t help her vision at all. But then
she thought the shard was a little too slick; there was a lot more blood on it than there should
be from one small cut. And this blood was... cold. It hadn’t been here long enough to dry, but
it had lost its life beneath the moon.
Toph dropped the shard with a horrified gasp.
That wasn’t her blood.
Her hands weren’t shaking, they weren’t, as they slowly crept over what appeared to be a
shattered jar, and then something a lot softer. It reminded Toph of sitting with her parents,
stilted silences, the servants slowly making tea. Sometimes she’d dip her fingers into the jars,
feel the leaves, how smooth they were, nothing like the wild, brittle ones outside, before her
mother would pull her away because Spirits forbid Toph ever get dirty.
“Oh,” Toph breathed, hand flinching back, “Prickly what did you do?”
____
Bato’s burn had been a real bastard to heal.

He could remember it all so clearly. The blue sky above, the Ullaakut rocking around him
with the same steady familiarity as his own heartbeat, the crew teasing one another as they
did their chores. And then suddenly, there were Fire Nation soldiers on deck, and Bato was in
the middle of the fray. The soldier that got him wasn’t much of a looker, all chin and
forehead, and even now, Bato remembered how the man ducked down his hands, lifting them
like he was bidding a room to rise, before hurling a ball of fire directly at Bato.
Bato moved quick, quick enough to save his life and – even more crucially – his face, but not
quick enough to avoid the fire searing his chest, ravaging through his shirt and tearing away
at his skin. For a moment, the left side of his torso was devoured by flames, and he felt
nothing but agony and shock and numbness. All he could do was stare at it.
Then Chena almost knocked him unconscious with the ferocity in which he patted down the
fire, and Bato found himself on his back, staring back up at the blue sky.
Hakoda was a wreck, and took the honourable narrative he always favoured by trying to
blame himself. Bato wouldn’t hear it, and quickly made Kanut kick their friend out of the
infirmary. Kanut, rude as ever, obliged immediately.
Kanut was blunt as well as rude, and as soon as Hakoda was gone, he told Bato the
predicament they were in. The burn was bad, third degree, and needed specific medicines.
Medicines they didn’t have because they’d lost their alliance with Fong.
If Hakoda found out, he’d be distraught with guilt. The two of them didn’t even discuss their
promise to keep this from the Chief.
Bato separated from the crew with a grin and a wink, ruffling Little Tom’s hair and nudging
between Chena and Aput, pretending this wasn’t a big deal, that he’d be right back, but deep
down, watching the Ullaakut leave him behind, a wolf separated from the pack, hurt more
than anything in the world.
Well, almost anything. The nuns had given him this horrendous burn cream, and that truly
had hurt like a bitch.
“This you?”
Bato blinked – Hakoda always said he daydreamed too much – and took in his surroundings.
It was all very... green. No ice. No chill. Just hills and trees and nature.
The Earth Kingdom.
“Depends,” Bato said, uncrossing his legs as he turned to the man beside him, “if it is, will
you miss me?”
The man was driving a cart of cabbages into Gaoling, his ostrich-horse smelling disgusting as
it trundled forward. Bato had hitched a ride with him a few miles ago and had filled the
silence since. He was yet to meet anyone immune to his incessant flirting, but this man – who
refused to reveal his name, being called only ‘Cabbage Man’ in Bato’s mind – seemed
stubbornly impervious. He'd barely responded to Bato with more than a ‘yes’ or a ‘no’. The

longest sentence he strung together was when Bato commented on what Gaoling might be
like, causing Cabbage Man to answer with a jaded ‘it can’t be worse than Omashu.’
“Not at all. You can get off at the next hill.” Cabbage Man grumbled.
Bato rolled his eyes but couldn’t hide a smile. They were close, he could feel it. His friends,
his crew, his family. Hakoda had written to him every time the Water Tribe moved locations,
and he’d said last that they were heading to Gaoling. Bato wasn’t sure why Hakoda wasn’t
just going straight to Chameleon Bay like he was supposed to, but then again, there was a lot
Bato couldn’t explain about his friend’s recent behaviour. Like the short note he got that
casually informed him of the Ullaakut’s plan to travel to the South Pole. What could have
possessed Hakoda to make such a brash detour?
Nothing good.
Bato left Cabbage Man with a wink and a promise of a ‘next time’, wincing when he
instinctively waved the man off. The nuns had healed his burn with patience and care, but it
was still sore and they said it would scar. The thought made Bato thank the Spirits, once
again, for sparing his pretty face.
He was on foot from here, but if Hakoda’s directions were still valid, Bato wouldn’t have
long to go before he reconvened with the Water Tribe.
Beneath the sunset and surrounded by lush greenery, Bato allowed himself a smile as he
walked. The night would be upon him by the time he reached his men, but he refused to set
up camp. He couldn’t wait any longer. He was too close.
Still smiling, Bato wondered about what his friends had got up to these past few weeks,
before deciding nothing exciting possibly could have happened with him absent.
____
Hakoda was on the precipice of sleep, the foggy weight that was natural after a long day
being pierced with every panicked beat of his heart as he wondered about a golden-eyed boy
who might be in trouble, when a loud boom ricocheted through the camp. He jolted upright,
hand already on the machete he kept beneath his pillow. In the tents around his, he heard the
other warriors stirring – Aput's ridiculous snoring cutting off abruptly, Chena thumping to the
floor after jumping up too quick – and Hakoda slowly prowled forward. He'd spent the last
few seconds desperately trying to figure out what could have caused a noise like that,
something so loud that it vibrated through the sand, and the conclusion he came to made his
shoulders bunch, ready for an argument.
Earthbenders.
Which was why Hakoda was not expecting to see a tiny little girl stood at the front of the
camp with her hands on her hips when he emerged from his tent.
“Finally!” She yelled, voice high-pitched and insistent, the kind of tone only youth could
offer.

“Who are you?” Hakoda asked with a frown. The girl couldn’t have been older than twelve,
wearing green clothing to indicate she was clearly from Gaoling, her hair falling in her face
and the same deep black as-.
Hakoda shut his eyes momentarily, taking a deep breath.
“It’s dark, kid. You shouldn’t be here.” Hakoda tried again, and was immediately shown that
this was the wrong thing to say.
He was shown this because the little girl stomped down her foot, and suddenly, two boulders
from the nearby hill levitated with a resounding boom.
“I’m not a kid!” The kid hissed, and Hakoda’s heart flipped at the familiarity of it.
Kanut tore open his tent then, a book in his hand, proof he’d never even tried to sleep,
expression furious. He opened his mouth to say something, before seeing the little girl and
closing it again. For a second, he was too bewildered to talk. Then, he turned to Hakoda.
“Why is there a toddler in our camp?” He asked calmly.
The girl threw one of the boulders and Kanut just had time to duck into his tent before it
smashed through the sand in front of him; a threat.
By now, the other Water Tribe warriors were stalking out, weapons in hand, expecting an
enemy. Hakoda wasn’t quite sure yet if that was what this little girl was.
“I don’t know if you dunderheads have noticed,” the girl sniped, lip curling, “but you’re
missing a member.”
Kanut, who had been haphazardly trying to slip past the boulder now blocking the entrance of
his tent, froze, shooting a glare at the girl.
“You’ve seen him?” He asked, attempting to make his words sound curious but instead they
came out as an interrogative hiss.
The girl gave a firm nod, and Hakoda’s stomach swooped. He didn’t like her atmosphere, the
way she talked like she knew something, something they didn’t, something about Zuko.
Zuko was in trouble.
“I saw him a couple hours ago. He was supposed to meet me but he didn’t show.” The little
girl said, and there was a sudden softness to her. Not soft in the typical sense, but soft in the
way ice can be smooth and fire can be warm; attributes of something with the potential to be
deadly.
And then the girl drew herself tall, proud, noble, and made her voice carry through the camp.
“I need to show you something.”
____

"She’s dangerous.” Aput said.
“She’s a child.” Tomkin said.
Nanook quirked an eyebrow. “She threw a boulder at Kanut.”
“Yeah,” Chena tried for a smile, “but can you blame her?”
Kanut elbowed him in the ribs and he cursed. The warriors had gathered quickly, whispering
about what the fuck to do now. Opinions were mixed. Some thought the girl was a threat,
someone they couldn’t trust. Others thought she was telling the truth and must have seen
Zuko. And then the rest didn’t care, would take anything they could get if it meant
confirming the stupid Fire Prince hadn’t got himself killed.
Chena was not one of those people, but he’d appreciate it if the other warriors could hurry up
and come to a decision.
“It’s up to you, Chief.” Tulok said softly, and they all turned to Hakoda, who had gone quiet
as he frowned, staring at the sand.
“You pansies done yapping?” The girl called from where she stood, still at the edge of camp,
tapping her foot impatiently.
“Tui, I hate children.” Kanut said quietly.
Hakoda was doing his usual I've-come-to-a-personal-decision-but-can't-decide-if-it's-a-Chiefdecision face, and Chena rolled his eyes.
“Listen, we’ll arm up and follow her. We run into any trouble we can just-.”
“Murder a child?” Kanut asked sweetly.
“No, asshole.” Chena growled. “We’ll just scare her off.”
Everyone nodded and hummed in agreement, and Hakoda worked his jaw, before sighing.
“Alright.”
____
When the crew of the Ullaakut first left the South Pole two years ago, Hakoda was
bombarded with new information. Being a Chief had never included international affairs
before; he cared for his tribe and his tribe only. But in joining the war effort and allying with
the Earth Kingdom, Hakoda was given witness to a world he realised he didn’t know a lot
about. Kanut became his bank of information. Hakoda asked his childhood best friend, his
healer, his brother in every way but blood, every question he had in the privacy of his cabin,
and Kanut either knew the answer or had a book with the answer.
Hakoda, upon learning of Caldera City, once asked of calderas and their genesis. Kanut told
him about volcanos, about violent eruptions, about lava no longer there to support the

volcano and leading it to collapse upon itself, leaving a scarred crater in its wake.
Hakoda felt a little like that now. Zuko left and the pressure began to build. The little girl
revealing hints of something darker than a teenage outburst became the violent eruption.
Hakoda was boiling beneath the surface, white-hot lava coursing through his veins. He barely
even remembered agreeing to Chena’s plan. He just needed to find Zuko. Hakoda had sworn
to keep him safe.
So, he followed his men to where they kept the weapons, almost in a daze. He didn’t even
need anything; he had his machete.
And then he saw a single broadsword stabbed deep in the sand, faint footprints around it, and
his heart collapsed in on itself, a caldera of pain and horror and burning, burning terror.
Hakoda remembered taking the dual swords off Tomkin weeks ago, putting them in the
armoury with the other weapons. They'd been sheathed for a month now. Hakoda knew
because after Zuko talked to him about them, he went to check on them, fingers dancing
carefully over the scabbard, considering giving them back to their rightful owner. He was
going to, as well. He saw how much Zuko loved these blades, remembered how Zuko was
willing to fend them all off just to retrieve them.
Zuko had been here. He’d been here and he unsheathed his swords and he only took one.
Why?
Hakoda remembered Zuko staring out to sea, golden eyes contemplative, fingers holding
tight to the rail as he explained his dual swords. Hakoda wanted to reach into his memories,
grab the boy by the shoulders, demand what have you done, what have you done, what have
you done...
But the Zuko from Hakoda’s memories only stared out to sea. It would be unnatural.
This sword was a message. A message directly to Hakoda.
Zuko would never leave one of these swords behind unless he had no other option.
“Something happened to him.” Hakoda whispered, making his men snap their gazes to him.
The earthbender girl, who had stalked them to their chest of weapons, huffed, a strand of hair
flying from her glassy eyes. “Good,” she hissed, “one of you has sense.”
____
There was a blind child who wouldn’t reveal her name and was clearly out without her
parents’ permission leading them over the hill, and Aput seemed to be the only person with
sense enough to realise that this was not okay.
“This is not okay.” Aput said to no one in particular. The girl was leading the way, insistent
on showing them something, though whenever Hakoda, suddenly serious and demanding like

he became when things got very bad, asked what she wanted to show them, the girl grew
unnaturally quiet, like she didn’t know how to explain.
She also told them to call her the Blind Bandit.
Through his concern and stress, Aput couldn’t help a single, humourless thought.
Only Zuko.
“Relax, Aput,” Chena, who had taken a liking to the earthbender, sneered, “you’re making
me nervous.”
But Aput knew that wasn’t true. They were all already nervous. They had been nervous ever
since the sun began to set with no sign of Zuko. Aput didn’t really have much of a
relationship with the firebender, but he knew the Prince well enough now to know he was a
good kid, and... it would have been nice to say goodbye.
Except now, Hakoda and the strange earthbender were insistent that something bad had
happened, something out of Zuko’s control, and the seven of them that had departed with the
Blind Bandit became a cluster of anxiety.
“What if she’s lying?” Aput said quietly, gaze flicking to the little girl walking ahead of them.
She didn’t even have shoes. Why didn’t she have shoes?
“What if she isn’t?” Hakoda said, and the worry in his blue eyes was so poignant that Aput’s
breath caught in his throat.
He didn’t get the chance to say more, because the girl stopped suddenly, sliding her feet as if
feeling for something, before pointing to her right.
“There." She whispered, and she finally sounded her age, finally sounded scared.
“Tomkin, Nanook, make sure she gets home.” Hakoda ordered quietly, and the youngest
crewmen both hesitated, both wanting to stay and find out what had happened to their friend,
before Nanook nodded and nudged Tomkin on.
“Let’s go.” Nanook said to the little girl.
She scoffed, crossing her arms. “I do not need an escort home.”
Tomkin tried for a smile, lowering his voice though Hakoda could still hear. “I know, but the
Chief’s not gonna let us leave you alone, and if I'm honest, I wouldn’t mind staying with you.
This place is scary at night.”
That stumped the girl, her arms falling to her sides in surprise. “Oh.” She said, before her
face hardened again. “Whatever, are you coming or not?”
Tomkin and Nanook gave one final look to their fellow warriors, promising to be back as
soon as the earthbender was safe, before setting off down the hill. The girl stomped off with
them, but just before she got out of earshot, she hesitated and turned around.

“Find him,” she said quietly, “please.”
And then they were gone and the others couldn’t hide from this any longer.
Kanut moved first, frowning as he searched the area the girl had pointed towards. Aput
couldn’t see what he found, but he knew when he found it, because Kanut’s entire body froze
with a sharp, gasped inhale. The hillside was lit up by the grace of Tui. She was full tonight,
and shamelessly glowed down on them, as if she knew they needed her.
“Kanut-?” Aput tried, his worry becoming a cold, painful fear in the pit of his stomach.
“There was a fight.” Hakoda rasped, and Aput turned to see his Chief had taken a few steps
forward, indicating the ground. Aput swallowed before looking. Sure enough, the dirt was
upturned by quick feet, charred black in a few places, and there was blood-.
“Oh, you stupid, stupid kid.” Kanut whispered, and his knees met the hill as his shaking
hands reached forward.
“No.” Chena snarled, staring at the burned earth just a metre from him. “No, he’s a fucking
idiot, but he’s a good fighter. I know he is better than anyone. He wouldn’t just be.... be
beaten.”
But Chena beat him. They all beat him. If Zuko could be kidnapped once, he could be
kidnapped again.
Kanut turned, and in his hands was a shattered, blood-stained jar. When he spoke, his voice
was barely a whisper, and he looked only at Hakoda. “They took him, Chief.”
Aput remembered how euphoric they had all felt the day they took Zuko, past the fear and
uncertainty. They had the best bartering tool against the Fire Nation in the entire world. And
now they didn’t. Now, someone else was feeling that euphoria. Now, Zuko, who was so
obviously still a teenager that it was comical, was reduced to no more than a title, a
connection, a game piece.
A game that he had lost.
____
Hakoda knew how to read battlegrounds and this hill reeked of defeat. He saw the footprints
and the claw marks and the blood and the burns and every little detail that his roiling stomach
wished he could unsee, but knew would be branded into his mind forever. Zuko had fought.
Of course he had. He’d fought so hard, but it wasn’t enough. They took him.
But that didn’t make sense. Zuko wouldn’t have given up. He could have got the warriors.
They were only over the hill, for La’s sake. They were so close. So close and they didn’t help
him and now he was gone and Hakoda didn’t even know where to start looking-.
Hakoda froze, eyes falling to something small beneath the toe of his boot. A cigarette, halfsmoked and long gone cold. Hakoda crouched and inspected it between his fingers, squinting
in the limited light, before bringing it to his nose. Past the distinguishing smell of smoke,

Hakoda caught something else. Something minty. The Earth Kingdom were the world's
leading producers in agriculture and exported as far as the Southern Water Tribe. Farming
was one topic Hakoda knew little about, being from the South Pole, but he’d learnt a lot from
travelling around the Earth Kingdom, from asking soldiers about mundanities, from being
polite. He found out that tobacco was more expensive to farm than peppermint. He found out
that ordinary people didn’t really smoke, as the Earth Kingdom was on its knees and
everyday luxuries like cigarettes were simply unobtainable. It was a mark of class, so of
course, the soldiers - who just earned enough to allow it - leapt on this trend, taking every
opportunity to illustrate their superiority. Hakoda found out that the difference between a
nobleman’s cigarette and a simple foot soldier's cigarette was in the smell. The nobleman’s
would be rich, musky, untainted. The foot soldiers', though, would have an undertone of mint
from being laced with menthol. Less room for tobacco meant less money spent on tobacco.
At the time, Hakoda thought it was ridiculous. A cigarette becoming a class symbol, a
division within a division over something as simple as peppermint. Now, he blessed the
Spirits for making his past self pay attention.
Because this cigarette smelt of mint, which meant Zuko had to have been taken by Earth
Kingdom soldiers, and the only Earth Kingdom General who knew the Prince was even
outside of the Fire Nation was General fucking Fong.
Hakoda crushed the cigarette in his fist, lip curling.
He was just planning all the ways he was going to kill that man when he spotted a figure
walking up the hill. His machete, that had been sheathed on his belt, was in his hand within
seconds, but then something strange happened. Tulok, who had quietly stood to the side,
ribbon in his hands and hair around his face, made a strangled gasping noise, before grinning
tearily and running at the stranger. Hakoda bristled, and then blinked in surprise when Tulok
grabbed them in a bear hug.
“Easy ladies,” a familiar voice teased, “there’s enough of me for everyone.”
Bato.
____
The two foot soldiers were not where Tovah told them to be and that was all the information
she needed to conclude that they would not survive the night.
She stood tall in the countryside surrounding Gaoling, poised and ready, watching from a
distance as the Water Tribe scrambled. They lost a prisoner. Not just any prisoner, but Prince
Zuko of the Fire Nation.
They lost him because Tovah made a gamble. She had to do damage control. If the Water
Tribe caught wind of what was going on around them, or if the Prince decided to escape, then
Tovah needed to know and she needed someone on the scene until she got there. She took a
gamble in those foot soldiers, and for the first time since the back allies of Ba Sing Se, she
lost. It would not be a mistake that was repeated. She watched the Water Tribe for a final
second, deemed them useless, and turned around. An hour later, she had offered not to spread
rumours amongst the citizens of Gaoling in return for a cabbage merchant’s ostrich-horse.

After all, one cabbage slug could destroy the entire ecosystem of Gaoling, and people are so
easily convinced on these sorts of things. The merchant gave Tovah the reigns with shaking
hands, and as she rode off down the dirt path, she couldn’t help the curl of her lips at the
dismayed ‘my cabbages’ whispered in her wake.
Miles and miles of woodland sat between Fong’s base and Gaoling. Tovah didn’t know how
far behind the foot soldiers she was, but she knew it was too late to try and reach Fong before
they did. She had to be smart about this, tactical. She had to pretend Fong getting the Prince
was a good thing, because she was pretending to be his ally.
Tovah would fix this. She had someone relying on her, and she refused to let them down.
That Prince would be hers.
In the breeze as she rode through the night, a hair came loose from her perfectly kempt
ponytail.
It took hours to reach Fong’s base, but Tovah rode hard and relentlessly until the merchant’s
ostrich-horse was almost lame. When she reached the imposing stronghold, she swung down,
barely giving the animal a second glance. It had served its purpose. It was useless to her now.
The corridors blurred around Tovah, the soldiers hugging the walls and bowing low when
they saw her. She ignored them. She had a single focus, and that was the gargantuan main
hall of General Fong’s base. It was where they sat when Tovah finally discovered the Fire
Prince’s location, and she had a feeling it would be where she rediscovered it too.
“Where is the General?” Tovah asked flatly, storming into the hall despite the guards
positioned at the doors that awkwardly fumbled after her.
“He had some business to attend to, Colonel. He ought to be back-.”
“Tovah, you’re here.” Fong smiled serenely, emerging from one of the side doors and
walking behind his desk just as Tovah reached it. Tovah gave herself a second, a single deep
inhale, and searched.
But Fong was bare. Usually, people had tell-tale giveaways of something amiss. Blood
beneath the fingernails that just wouldn’t scrub out, a skewed collar they forgot to straighten,
muddy boots when they swore they hadn’t been anywhere. Tovah knew how to find these
things, but Fong was just... normal. His green uniform was worn with the usual pride,
enveloped with a mundane, minty smell, and his expression was still as easy to read as ever.
Not a hair out of place.
Too perfect, like he knew he’d be under Tovah’s scrutiny. Or was Tovah being too critical?
She had already been wrong once today. Another hair fell from her ponytail and she quickly
flicked it from her green eyes.
“The Fire Prince was with the Water Tribe this whole time." Tovah said immediately, and
Fong's eyes widened. "I asked two foot soldiers in Gaoling to spy on him for me until I was
able to arrive there myself. Once in Gaoling, there was no sign of either the soldiers or the

Prince. Have you heard anything?” Tovah asked, and Fong frowned a surprisingly genuine
frown, shock melting into anger.
“If we’ve lost that Prince after getting so damned close...” Fong hissed, finger to his bearded
chin.
Tovah couldn’t tear her eyes away from General Fong. A new conclusion, one she hadn’t
even considered yet, arose in her mind.
What if the foot soldiers hadn’t brought Prince Zuko here?
Tovah worked her jaw as the dots connected; Fong’s obliviousness, the missing foot soldiers.
Those imbeciles took the Prince somewhere else, somewhere she wouldn’t follow.
No matter. Tovah was not one easily evaded.

Chapter End Notes

The show: the B in Bato stands for bland
Me: sorry did you say ‘a wine aunt with a god complex’?
(no but that motherfucker had like 2 mins screentime you CANNOT tell me I've made
him ooc.)
can i get an F in the chat for the cabbage merchant. man just wants to sell veg tovah.
leave him be.
the countdown: ONE CHAPTER LEFT BEFORE THE END OF PART 1
SGHIGIUDSHG oh boy this is gonna get so dark so quick i'm not even sorry anymore

Chapter 19: i. Where The Stars Do Not Take Sides
Chapter Notes

lads we're here. the finale of book 1. holy fucking shit this chapter is.... uh
(Also the star bato kanut and hakoda talk about in this chap is the north star, and that
actually doesn't show up in the south pole OBVIOUSLY but i love the conversation they
have too much to change it)
anyway i really hope you like this chapter. like you won't enjoy it but i hope you like it.
if that makes sense. don't do anything i wouldn't do nerds xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Fear burrowed within Zuko, no longer the wild ferocity of an eagle-hawk willing to pry apart
his ribs if it meant freedom, but instead, something quiet and uncertain. A turtleduck, nesting
between his stomach and the base of his spine. The sort of fear he hadn’t known since
childhood. People like Zuko didn’t do things in moderation. Terror either seized him by the
throat in all the blinding desperation of a fight, charring a hillside, or he felt nothing at all,
alcohol-numb.
But this was different.
He hadn’t felt this since he was thirteen.
When he finally regained consciousness on the Erlong after the Agni Kai, his strange cabin
swaying with the ocean, his face screaming in agony, the pain had been too much for Zuko's
mind to do anything else but shut down entirely. With the help of too-sweet teas and forced
down medications, the pain had ebbed just enough for him to think again. And he thought of
Father, his words, what they meant. Banished. He felt this kind of fear then. Not a fear of
pain, because pain he could handle. Not a fear of failure, because failure he knew. But a fear
of damnation. Banished had a finality to it, smelled of a future burning while Zuko grabbed at
the ashes, watching them slide between his fingers.
As his hands were bound behind him and he was forced onto the back of an ostrich-horse, as
the miles passed and the moon shifted through the sky, as Zuko knew fighting back would
hurt the people he cared about, he felt that fear again.
The fear that he was about to go through something horrific, and there wasn’t a single thing
he could do to protect himself.
Hours passed gruellingly before the earthbenders stopped their ostrich-horses, and Zuko was
met with a glaring shadow before him. Some sort of military base, clearly. Still in the Earth
Kingdom though. He hated the part of him that was relieved. A cruel whisper in his mind had

nagged about the thought of being dumped in front of his father like this. But the architecture
here was distinctively not Fire Nation.
That didn’t mean Zuko was off the hook.
The fortress was imposing, like its own small city, encased by white, rammed earth walls.
The earthbenders had ridden up a narrow path with Zuko, stopping before a golden gate that
hid the rest of the base from Zuko’s gaze. It didn’t matter; he’d already seen enough from the
ride up here. Dozens of battlements, guards patrolling the parapets, signal towers with fires
flickering low. Zuko was being watched.
As if he wasn’t already trapped enough.
He grit his teeth as Renmin, who he’d ridden with, pulled him off the ostrich-horse. The
adrenaline from the fight had worn off hours ago, and Zuko’s body reminded him with every
movement. His ankles sent spasms of pain shooting through him with every ounce of weight
he placed on them, his bruised ribs pressing uncomfortably with every breath, the imprint of
a boot on his chest. The blood dripping from the cut on his jaw was starting to dry, crusting
over his neck, but the blood in his mouth was still fresh and metallic. His lip had been caught
in Oro’s impromptu knuckle-duster, and Zuko had worried at it for hours now.
Despite it all, it was his hand that hurt the most. The cut was shallow, a simple nick from a
glass shard, but the blood had swelled and spilled over his palm, his fingers, his knuckles,
rubbed onto his other hand in a failed attempt to stop the bleeding. It was just... everywhere,
and Zuko had almost been grateful when Oro bound his hands behind his back, the rope
cutting into his wrists. Now, all Zuko had to show for the cut was the feel of a dull ache, but
when he tentatively touched a finger to his palm, it still felt wet.
The golden gate before them creaked open slowly to reveal a giant circular area, completely
encased by the fortress’s towering walls. There were small buildings, a barracks where
soldiers undoubtably slept, around a looming pagoda at the heart of the fortress. This wasn’t
Zuko's first time in a military base – he'd broken into Pohuai not long ago – but there was a
massiveness to this place, and an uncertainty. This was an Earth Kingdom fortress, not Fire
Nation. Zuko was out of place. Zuko was in danger.
And there was nothing he could do but walk onwards.
Oro and Renmin flanked Zuko, holding an arm each as they marched him not towards the
pagoda, but towards a wide staircase set into the ground, leading downwards.
Zuko had often stood sandwiched like this with Tomkin and Nanook. In the shadows of this
bloody night, those memories felt far away, though it was only this morning.
“We have a prisoner for General Fong.” Oro told any soldier they passed, grinning cruelly,
proud. Zuko wanted to sneer, to kick out at the earthbender, but forced himself to keep his
head down and keep walking. He was getting a headache, every beat of his thrumming heart
filling his stinging body with a roaring wrongness. This was wrong. This was all wrong.
This... this was never supposed to happen.

The staircase felt never-ending, before finally abandoning Zuko to a maze of thin corridors,
barely lit by the too-few oil lamps. Zuko tried to reach out to each of their flames as he
passed them, but something in him wasn’t responding. Something deep, something twisted,
something inherent. He felt broken. Maybe Oro had hit him harder than he’d realised...
Don't panic, he berated himself. For the love of Agni, do not panic.
Zuko was pulled from his thoughts suddenly, because the next thing he knew, Renmin was
shouldering open a particularly heavy door and Zuko was shoved into a metal room. A
completely metal room. Metal walls, metal floor, metal door. The only thing not-metal was
two square patches of earth in the middle of the room, a metre apart. No windows. No light
aside the pathetic flickering Zuko could see through the barred vision panel set into the door,
where he watched Oro and Renmin getting comfortable in the hallway as they locked Zuko
in.
“Hey!" Zuko snarled, swinging his fist at the door and almost buckling into himself in agony
when his knuckles punched the hard metal.
He heard Oro snicker. “What did you honestly expect from that?" He teased through the bars,
but Zuko just stared, frozen, at his bloody, shaking hand.
Fire, was what he expected. A blast of fire, shot from his hand. One of the most basic katas.
The first form he ever learned.
And all he got was blood and bone and pain and coldness.
That was when Zuko started to panic.
____
Oro rolled his shoulder, wincing at the demanding sting that shook through his body. The
Prince had cut him, deep, and the blood was starting to stain the makeshift bandage Renmin
had given him. Combined with the burn that seared all down his neck and jaw and the spot of
blood he kept feeling on the side of his head, and Oro was in desperate need of a trip to the
infirmary. Luckily, he’d spent some time at the barracks here back when he was a cadet. He
knew his way around.
He smiled at the thought of being welcomed back here as a hero.
“He’s gone quiet.” Renmin whispered, tapping his foot. He hadn’t stopped worrying since
they first spotted the damn Water Tribe, and had been all but useless during the fight to
restrain the Prince. Nonetheless, Oro had managed alone. A quick lie, an easy threat, and the
Fire Prince was his.
“Good.” Oro growled, twirling the elegant scabbard in his hands. It was Prince Zuko’s. He
fought with a broadsword, and surprisingly, he fought well. Not well enough. If his arrogance
had just let the Prince walk away from the fight instead of into it, then he wouldn’t be in this
mess. Oro found himself frowning, finger still absentmindedly tracing the scabbard. Nothing
about the Prince’s behaviour tonight made any sense. First fighting them – two older,

experienced earthbenders – completely alone, and then all but sacrificing himself for the
Water Tribe, the very people who imprisoned him.
Oro sighed, shaking the thoughts from his head. It didn’t matter and he didn’t care. He had
Prince Zuko now, a victory for General Fong that would be rewarded. Oro had sent the first
man he saw to request Fong’s presence in the cells as soon as possible. Now, all he had to do
was wait for his glorious future to arrive.
“Here.” Renmin said suddenly, a small smile tugging on his lips, though his eyes were still
worried. He rooted through his pocket before pulling out a box of cigarettes. “I know you ran
out. You need them now more than ever.”
Renmin threw them and Oro caught the box effortlessly, grinning at his fellow soldier.
“You’re a real piece of work, Renmin.” He said, happily lighting up as he’d done a hundred
times before.
“I know how much this means to you.” Renmin said, trying to shrug but losing the casualness
of it in the tension of his shoulders. “I’m happy for you.”
“Happy for us.” Oro corrected. He knew Renmin had never been bothered about a promotion,
but he was still overjoyed to have him by his side through all this.
Renmin’s smile didn’t reach his eyes, but before Oro could ask, he heard footsteps
approaching and quickly stood to attention.
General Fong was a foreboding man, tall and broad, the green uniform of a General seeming
to strain over his large arms. He had a long beard, a wooden brown, that hugged his sharp
face, thick eyebrows furrowed and green eyes cold, like emeralds. The lamps threw shadows
behind him as he walked down the corridor, alone yet filling the space.
“What is the meaning of this?” The General demanded, and even the way he spoke begged
attention. Oro was mesmerised. This was... this was everything he wanted to be. He was
looking at one of his heroes.
So of course, he spluttered.
“General, we-.” Oro tried, but his words wouldn’t come out and he felt small beneath Fong’s
glare.
“General Fong, we apologise to disrupt you at such a late hour.” Renmin cut in smoothly,
voice easy and formal, and Oro could have kissed him.
“I assume there’s good reasoning behind it, soldier.” Fong nodded towards Renmin, but his
eyes had narrowed on the cell door. “I was told you have a prisoner.”
“Yes,” Oro said, finally finding his voice, “not just any prisoner. Prince Zuko of the Fire
Nation.”
Fong’s shoulders drew back with the speed of his shocked inhale, his green eyes widening.
For a moment, disbelief grasped his body, before he righted himself again, clearing his throat.

“I was told he escaped the Water Tribe. I had soldiers in Weihai to be sure, and I sent some of
my finest to try and intercept him on his way towards Ba Sing Se.” Fong worked his jaw.
“You men are from neither Weihai nor Ba Sing Se.”
“No,” Renmin affirmed, “the Water Tribe must have lied to you. The Prince did seem oddly...
protective of them. You don’t think they formed an alliance, do you?”
“The Southern Water Tribe allying with the Fire Nation.” Fong thought aloud, disgusted. Oro
couldn’t help the curl of his lip. He didn’t know much of the Water Tribe, but this was an
unforgivable crime. A few seconds passed before Fong spoke again. “No." He decided.
“They have lost a lot to the ashmakers; they wouldn’t easily forget that. Besides, Colonel
Tovah was also in Weihai. If anything was amiss, she would have written to me, but she
hasn’t.”
Oro and Renmin shared a tense look. “General, Colonel Tovah was the one who told us to
watch the Fire Prince in the first place.” Oro said, before hurrying to cover himself. “We
didn’t disobey her orders, of course. It's just she was taking so long to arrive in Gaoling and
we didn’t want to risk him escaping, so we took initiative and obtained him ourselves-.”
“That’s enough, soldier.” Fong said, lips quirking. “Tovah is one of my best. She was clearly
making sure the Prince truly was who she suspected before she wrote to me. She understands
the fragility of our alliance with the Water Tribe.”
Oro relaxed, nodding in agreement. Renmin still looked tense.
“What will happen now? With the Water Tribe, I mean?” Renmin asked quietly, and Fong
hummed as he thought.
“Well, they lied about the Fire Prince. I can only assume they wanted to use him for their
own personal gain. They probably realised how valuable he could be only after they sent me
a letter offering him over.” Fong said, and Oro could practically see the great General’s mind
working through the facts. “Annoying as it is, he was their prisoner first. They have a right to
him. If we reveal that we have him, and that we stole him from them no less, things could get
tense. Chief Hakoda could remove his men from Chameleon Bay. It would all get very
inconvenient.” General Fong nodded firmly, sighing deeply as he came to a decision. “The
Water Tribe won’t be informed of us acquiring the Prince. The alliance will be continued. No
one can know the Fire Prince is here, not even our own men. You told no one of this,
correct?”
“We didn’t tell a soul.” Oro said, because he hadn’t wanted any of the other foot soldiers to
try and claim his prize.
“Excellent.” Fong said, and then he smiled a slow, sad smile. “You’re good soldiers. You
have potential. I truly am sorry for this.”
Oro frowned. “For what?”
“If it was so easy for you to take the Fire Prince from the Water Tribe, that means it’s easy for
someone to take him from us too. I can’t risk anyone knowing of his existence here. I can’t

risk the Water Tribe finding out.” Fong’s green eyes were hard, relentless, unblinking. “This
prisoner could end the war if we use him well. He could end this. Do you understand?”
“Oro.” Renmin started, tone urgent, panicked, like he’d realised something, but Oro couldn’t
tear his eyes away from the General before him. The General; his hero. He didn’t know what
was happening.
“General Fong-.” Oro whispered, before choking on his words, an almighty growl filling the
corridor as the rocks in the floor surged up into two spikes. Oro didn’t feel the pain at first.
He could only stare, hands fumbling around the spike now impaled in his chest. He opened
his mouth to try and call out to Renmin, but only blood tumbled out, staining his uniform.
Oro and Renmin died quickly, and the earth around their bodies swallowed any trace of them.
All that was left was a scabbard and a single cigarette, still burning, filling the corridor with
the smell of charred mint.
____
Zuko felt sick as he stared at the ground where moments ago two men stood. He'd been
watching through the bars, desperately trying to listen in on the hushed conversation, but he
couldn’t help but leap back when the ground surged forwards, two spikes stabbing into the
foot soldiers. They would have struck through their sternums, shattering bone with the force
of it, skewering them like fish. They died so quickly, so helplessly. They didn’t even have
time to consider the betrayal before the earth swallowed them and forgot them. And Zuko
was shaking; he felt like he was going to be sick. This was horror in its purest form. Zuko
was genuinely, overwhelmingly, chokingly horrified.
The General sighed, muttering something beneath his breath, a prayer. He toed Zuko’s
scabbard – that had fallen from Oro’s grip – before drawing himself up and finally turning to
Zuko.
When the door opened, Zuko scrambled backwards, away, until his back struck the metal
wall behind him. General Fong was taller than Zuko, his shoulders broader, his green eyes
barren of regret.
“They were your own men.” Zuko managed to snarl through a tight throat. “You killed your
own men. Why?”
And he’d hated Oro and Renmin, had imagined twisting from his binds and attacking them,
had imagined their blood staining some ambiguous Earth Kingdom dirt path. But he knew
that wasn’t an option, because that option would see whatever back up Oro and Renmin
called targeting the Water Tribe.
Zuko had hated Oro and Renmin, but for a General to do this...
It was barbaric.
General Fong regarded Zuko, green eyes taking their time as they looked over every inch of
him, before he lifted his hand. Suddenly, the two patches of earth in the floor surged forwards

into short stumps, wrapping around Zuko’s wrists and pulling him to stand in the middle of
the cell, restrained. The stumps started sinking into the ground, and Zuko was forced to his
knees, glaring up at Fong helplessly. His chest heaved with his terror, heart running like if it
raced fast enough at least some part of Zuko might escape this. But it didn’t and he couldn’t.
“I have been preparing for your arrival for some time now, Prince Zuko.” General Fong said
levelly. He moved and Zuko’s entire body flinched away from him, but he was incapacitated,
and Fong’s fingers traced his scar, touch surprisingly gentle. The blood in Zuko’s mouth
tasted more poignant than ever and it was choking him and he couldn’t get away.
“I have already drafted a letter to the Fire Lord.” Fong said, fingers moving up to Zuko’s hair,
twirling tight enough for Zuko to feel a sharp sting. “Now you’re here, I can begin
negotiations with him.”
Zuko worked his jaw before spitting blood at Fong’s feet. “He won’t give you anything.” He
hissed, but his voice trembled, and his terror was so overwhelming that it was pathetic to
even try and mask it. Father would know. Father would finally know. Suffering will be your
teacher. Perhaps this was what he meant.
Fong smirked, suddenly clutching Zuko’s hair in his fist and pulling him back to look at him
directly. “You are his firstborn, his heir, his son. Of course he will heed me. Combined with
the knowledge you have from life in the palace, and you are the most valuable prisoner in the
entire four nations. You will tell me everything you know, and the Fire Lord will cooperate.”
General Fong’s demeanour turned cold, sharp, angry, and Zuko wanted to cower, lower his
gaze like he’d learned to at home, but Fong’s grip wouldn’t let him.
“I’m going to end this war.” Fong snarled. “And you will help me.”
Zuko shook his head sadly. “I can’t help you.” And the irony was that he wished he could. He
wanted to tell Fong of his own decision to try and end this war, of what he’d learned with the
Water Tribe, of the things he’d seen in the Fire Nation that he knew were wrong. But he
couldn’t. This man wouldn’t listen. This man killed his own men. Zuko was back to being
looked at like no more than an ashmaker. It was hopeless.
Fong finally let go of Zuko’s hair, but he was pulling out a knife before Zuko could relax.
Zuko jumped back against his restraints but the earth was steady and unmoving around his
wrists.
“You can help me and you will. You don’t even have to do anything just yet.” Fong said
sweetly, grabbing Zuko by the hair again. Zuko's teeth ground together as Fong stepped
closer. “I need proof that I really have you, you see. I need to start as I mean to go on with the
Fire Lord. Just hold still now.”
But Zuko didn’t hold still, because he realised like a lightning bolt through his body what was
about to happen, what he couldn’t stop from happening.
“No!” He screamed, and he fought and he pulled away and even when Fong backhanded him,
nails tearing up the cut on his jaw that had just begun to close, Zuko didn’t stop. He wrestled
the earth clamped tight around his hands and he tried to call forward a flame and was only

met with sparks. The blade sliced his scalp, Fong cursed, yanked the ponytail tight, and then
the sound of hair being severed was the only thing Zuko could hear.
When Fong released him, Zuko could only stare at the floor, panting as he watched charcoal
black strands fall down, down, down. His neck felt cold. He felt cold. There was humiliation
in this, he knew that, but this ran deeper. Zuko’s hair represented all that he was – Mother,
Father, honour – and now it was just... gone. Dishonoured. Abandoned. Banished. The title of
Fire Prince now sat in the cruel fist of a General who didn’t even know what it meant.
Zuko might have been crying, or seething, or... or nothing. He wasn’t sure about anything
anymore. His heart thumped uselessly in his chest, shaking his weak ribs. He felt like a
bruise.
Fong nodded, like he was admiring his work, before opening the door. Zuko thought he was
finally leaving at first, but a few minutes later, the man returned, a pile of clothes in hand.
“Get dressed.” He ordered, throwing the pile at Zuko and momentarily releasing the earth
from Zuko’s wrists. The clothes were scratchy; a simple grey tunic and trousers. Prison
clothes. No colour. No nation. No loyalties.
“Get out." Zuko hissed, because he was not yet so far removed as to get dressed in front of
this monster.
“As you wish, Your Highness.” Fong sneered, but even though he left, Zuko could still see
him in the corridor. He got dressed as quickly as he could, stripping the blue from his body,
trying not to think too much on it, on anything. He considered throwing the clothes at Fong,
some petty defiance, but wound up folding the Water Tribe clothes instead, carefully
smoothing them over. He knew he’d be checked for weapons. He didn’t have any, but he hid
his pai sho tile in a small inner lining of his prison tunic. No weapon would fit there, but a
game piece could just about manage. He wouldn’t risk them taking it.
Zuko heard footsteps coming from down the corridor, and through the bars he just saw
General Fong quickly wrap Zuko’s hair in fine green fabric, pocketing it as someone arrived.
“General.” A deep voice greeted. “Colonel Tovah is approaching the gate.”
Fong hummed, considering something. “Thank you, Lieutenant.” He said, tone authoritative.
“Fetch the warden for me. Our men captured this Fire Nation soldier. I want him put with the
others.”
Zuko heard shuffling, and then the Lieutenant was leaving. Fong returned to the cell with a
torch in hand, and Zuko felt his stomach flip when the General touched the flames to Zuko’s
pile of blue clothing. They burned quickly to ashes. Zuko could only watch.
And then the earth rose and wrapped around his wrists again, and he was back on his knees.
Zuko just managed the effort to lift his head a little, glaring at Fong. The movement made the
cut on his head drip blood down his exposed neck, sliding beneath his new clothes, dribbling
between his shoulder blades.

“Soldier?” He croaked pathetically, hatred sanding his naturally raspy voice into something
hoarse and bitter.
“This cell isn’t built to hold Fire Nation royalty.” Fong explained simply, like this was a
normal conversation, like Zuko wasn’t kneeling and shorn. “This base has a level dedicated
to people like you. Political prisoners. Most are Fire Nation, some are Earth Kingdom
traitors. All feel betrayed by your family, Prince Zuko. It's in your best interest to keep your
anonymity." Fong’s lips curled into a cruel smile. "If they knew who you were, they’d tear
you apart.”
Zuko could do nothing but stare, insides turning within him. He'd spent three years travelling
the world in search of the Avatar. He knew he was hated for being the Fire Prince, for
representing a thousand different tragedies. He'd been shown that in blinding luminosity with
the Water Tribe. Prince of the Fire Nation. Prince of the nation who killed Hakoda’s wife and
forced Tomkin’s parents to leave him and sent Lee into a fray he couldn’t handle. Prince of
hatred. Prince of pain. And now he was being told there were Fire Nation prisoners here too.
Political prisoners. Soldiers, officers, anyone who might know something. His own people
rotting in some Earth Kingdom prison, resenting their Prince who didn’t even know they
existed. Zuko would hate him too.
Fong wanted Zuko’s anonymity for another reason, Zuko could tell. He could see it in the
cold green eyes of a man who didn’t flinch when killing. But Zuko knew it didn’t matter.
Fong was right. He'd be torn apart as the Fire Prince. He had to be ambiguous, a drop in the
ocean. He had to fade away until he could find a way out of here, not put a target on his back
for prisoners and wardens alike.
“I understand.” Zuko muttered weakly. He could feel Fong’s stare, eyes leaving scars in their
wake.
Zuko’s gaze had focussed on a single strand of black hair on the floor, by Fong’s shoe. Long,
silky; he had his mother’s lovely hair. That's what everyone always used to say, at least. After
he refused to fight his father in the Agni Kai, Zuko had taken a razor to his head, that pitchblack hair falling like shadows upon his shoulders. He shaved it to his scalp, fitful and
feverish, half of his face still bandaged. He was going to shave all of it. He didn’t have to, but
he was going to. Being banished felt akin to dying, and he would burn this chrysalis of
weakness if it gave Father the strong son he wanted. But then Zuko had paused. The topknot
was sacred in its own right, but it was also all Zuko had left of Mother. You know, Uncle had
said, and Zuko hadn’t even heard him enter, you have illustrated humility enough. The
ponytail can stay. And being told it was alright to have this single indulgence was all Zuko
had needed, because he’d listened, put the razor carefully down, and kept his mother with
him.
Until now.
“You have been forsaken by the Spirits.” Zuko whispered before Fong could leave, because
that was something Uncle would say to a man like this, something the Water Tribe would say,
because Zuko couldn’t figure out what it was he wanted to say, couldn’t even figure out who
he was. “This,” Zuko swallowed, and he felt the blood on his neck, looked at the hallway
where two loyal men died, “is irredeemable.”

Fong shook his head, finger tapping beneath Zuko’s chin. “Redemption is a human word,
Your Highness.” He said, voice cold. “We forged it ourselves. The Spirits gave us all this, but
mercy is one thing they know nothing of.”
And then he was leaving and the door was slamming shut behind him and Zuko was alone
with nothing but ashes and, oh Agni, he was so, so scared.
____
“So let me get this straight,” Bato said, pinching the bridge of his nose, an ocean breeze
sweeping through the tent, “you kidnapped the Prince of the Fire Nation and arranged to
transfer him to General Fong in return for a restored alliance. A brilliant plan; very tactical
and clever. Well done. But then, then,” Bato let out a dry chuckle, “you thought using your
brain was too boring, and instead you were going to, what? Lie to Fong, keep the Prince, and
initiate him as part of the Water Tribe? And now he’s gone?”
Hakoda and Kanut didn’t respond from where they both sat at Hakoda’s desk, looking like
they did when Kanna used to berate the trio, except back then, they lacked the anguish so
blatant in their eyes now. The two men wanted to move, to plan, to do something. But Bato
wasn’t letting anyone go anywhere until he figured out what on earth he’d walked into.
“He was just a kid, Bato.” Hakoda said softly, before frowning, swallowing. “Is just a kid.”
Bato rubbed a hand down his face. Tui and La help him.
“I expected this from you.” Bato pointed at Hakoda, who once tried to bring a polar wolf
home because it was injured. “But you,” Bato turned to Kanut, who so usually sided with him
on the off chance Bato wanted to be logical, “have forsaken me.”
“Are you done with the amateur dramatics? Would you like a spotlight? Perhaps a stage?
No?” Kanut’s glare was cold. “Then can we please start talking about what we do now?”
Bato thought that was wildly unfair. It wasn’t like he’d been gone for months, had suffered a
serious burn, had wasted away to boredom in a Spirits-damned abbey while his crew
frolicked with the Fire Nation. No, of course not. And he certainly hadn’t travelled miles and
miles of the Earth Kingdom’s weirdly green terrain just to see his men again. But sure, sure,
his homecoming would be crashed by some royal, enemy child. No one had even asked to see
his scar yet. Not even Tomkin.
But as Bato went to make a joke, the urge to place the back of his hand to his forehead at the
unjustness of it all filling him, he took a closer look at his friends.
He'd known Hakoda and Kanut for as long as he could remember. He knew Hakoda broke his
collarbone falling off a canoe when he was sixteen and some days it still ached. He knew
Kanut liked tea so much because it was something warm to hold when his scarred hands
begun to shake. He knew that when Bato was eleven, the three of them snuck out into the
night, giggling and pushing at each other as young boys do, and they set up a tent outside of
the village. It had felt like an adventure at the time, like they were miles from home. And

they sat together and stared at the stars, at the moon, and Kanut had a book because he
always had a book, and he pointed and explained. Nuuttuittuq, the one that never moves.
“Do you think we might be like that?" Hakoda had asked quietly. There'd always been a
gentleness to him, as well as strength.
“That makes no sense-.”
“Well, I'm not going anywhere, if that’s what you’re asking.” Bato smirked, cutting off Kanut
with a nudge. Kanut used to be so blunt, so cold. Mean, almost. Mean, because he knew he
had to go home soon.
“Yeah,” Hakoda had smiled, “I’m not going anywhere either.”
And they’d stayed out all night and slept in a tent made for one, all legs and elbows, and
when they came home, Bato’s parents were furious and Kanna had her hands on her hips and
Yutu didn’t care. But it didn’t matter, because at the time, it felt like they were three boys
holding up the sky together. At the time, they were immovable.
And now as Bato looked from Hakoda to Kanut and back again, Chief to healer, brother to
brother, warrior to warrior, he saw that same gentleness to Hakoda and that same bluntness to
Kanut. This Prince had left his mark on them; they’d planted their feet and, oh Tui, they
weren’t going to move.
Bato sighed loudly and dramatically, running a hand through his hair. “Well,” he huffed, “I
guess we ought to think of a plan.”
____
The earthbender girl had gone home surprisingly easily, leaving Tomkin and Nanook behind
with no less than three threats about what she’d do to them if they didn’t find ‘Prickly’, but
her tone had been tired, young, scared. Tomkin was scared too. Hakoda, Bato and Kanut
were talking in the Chief’s tent. Tomkin couldn’t remember the last time the three of them
had so clearly excluded the other adults, but he knew that it only ever happened when things
got serious. Which meant, until they decided something, all Tomkin could do was wait.
He usually felt better being with people, so he surprised himself when he instead found
himself sat on the sand, knees tucked to his chest, watching the waves push up the beach
towards him. That’s how the original waterbenders learned, Tom. Did you know that? His
mother’s soft voice. Watching how Tui pushed and pulled the waves. He missed her and he
missed dad and he missed Zuko and he was scared.
Tomkin sniffled, wiping his nose with the back of his hand, and he tried to remember how
tough Zuko had been when they first met. It had been difficult back then, but now it was
comforting. Zuko was a survivor, and he would survive this. Whatever this was. Tomkin
didn’t know what happened to Zuko, and he didn’t know if that was worse than knowing. He
knew he was taken, probably as a prisoner of the Earth Kingdom, and he knew Hakoda
suspected Fong. He knew that meant Zuko wouldn’t be killed, and that was the only reason

Tomkin was even bothering to try and stop the tears. There was hope. There was always
hope.
“Hey, Little Tom.” Nanook’s voice sounded, and Tomkin quickly rubbed his face as the other
boy sat down beside him.
“Hey.” Tomkin said weakly, but they both knew something was missing. It was so strange.
For years, Tomkin and Nanook had been happy. In the South Pole, there was only a handful
of kids around their age, and then on the Ullaakut, it was just them. They were as familiar
with one another’s company as they were the ocean. But now, despite all those years, it felt
suddenly lacking.
“What you got there?” Nanook asked, the bead in his hair swinging as he nodded at what
Tomkin clutched in his hands.
“Oh.” Tomkin said, head tipping limply as he remembered what was in his lap. A scroll, the
parchment fine, expensive enough to cost the little money Nanook had entrusted Tomkin
with. “It’s... um. I bought it when we were in the market. A playwright’s autograph. It was
for-… to apologise-… I-.”
And then Tomkin couldn’t talk any more, his throat tightening, and it was all he could do to
bury the butts of his palms into his eyes before he began to sob. It was unbearable. The tears
that were so strong they hurt, the not knowing, the fear. It was tearing him apart and Tomkin
didn’t know how to make it stop, didn’t know how to fix this.
Nanook pulled him close, arms wrapping around his shoulders, and Tomkin cried and cried
and cried.
____
Hakoda took a deep breath, swallowed the lump in his throat, pushed back his shoulders, and
walked out of his tent. He'd been talking with Bato and Kanut for a while now, going back
and forth, arguing, and they’d finally come to a decision. It wasn’t what Hakoda wanted, but
every time his heart twisted, every time he reminded himself of what he was about to do, he
forced it down. He was a Chief right now. He was thinking of his men. He... he had to
remember that. In his mind, he saw gold eyes, but they blinked and he pushed them away.
Chief Hakoda.
He'd ordered his men to go back to their tents to retire for the night. All but five listened. He
knew they wouldn’t. He could see Tomkin and Nanook sat down the beach, and he knew the
pair would need to handle this together. They'd lost a friend tonight.
But the other three men before Hakoda had lost something different.
“Well?” Tulok asked, standing from his place around the campfire. Chena was glaring, and
Aput’s gaze flicked slowly between Bato and Hakoda. Kanut wasn’t with them. He wasn’t
talking to them. His last words to Hakoda had been scathing before he stormed off into his
own tent.

“I think we all know General Fong must have done this.” Hakoda said levelly, keeping his
voice devoid of emotion. Chief. Chief. Chief. “He is one of the most powerful men in the
Earth Kingdom, and now, he has Zuko."
Hakoda regretted saying Zuko’s name, because it made his breath tremble on the inhale. This
felt like treachery, like betrayal, like swearing to keep someone safe and turning his back on
them when they needed him. And it felt like that because that was exactly what he was doing.
But Hakoda had no choice.
Bato noticed Hakoda’s lapse, and quickly took over the explanation.
“We don’t have the men to overpower Fong. It's that simple.” Bato said, and it came easier to
him, because he didn’t know Zuko. “Trying to get the Prince back by force would lead to us
failing and losing lives in the process. We could try and write to Fong, barter, even threaten,”
Bato flicked a glance to Kanut’s silent tent, because that had been the healer's idea, “but this
kid is the Prince of the Fire Nation, and Fong will understand that significance. He won’t just
give him up. Best case scenario; we don’t get the Prince and Fong cuts the alliance. Worst
case scenario; we start a feud, a war within a war, and we still don’t get the Prince.”
“Wait a fucking minute-.”
“I know it’s hard but-."
“Oh absolutely fuck no.” Chena was on his feet now, expression appalled as he caught on to
where Hakoda and Bato were going with this. Bato looked ready to defend his plan, that was
a perfect mix of his political prowess and Hakoda’s tactical thinking, but Hakoda just wanted
to shrink in on himself, ashamed. The plan was the only one they had, the only one that
would work. He truly had no other choice, but Tui, it still stung.
“Chena, we have more men. If we go to Chameleon Bay, we can revaluate, but as we are
now, we’re barely on Fong’s radar. I'm sorry but there’s nothing we can do.” Bato said
calmly, even as Chena stomped towards him, which wasn’t a comforting sight for anybody.
“That’s your big plan? You swan in here just to tell us to abandon the brat to whatever stupid
cell he’s got himself locked up in? That's it?” Chena snarled, and he was getting in Bato’s
face now.
Hakoda needed to step up.
“Yes, Chena, that’s it.” Hakoda said sternly, and Chena must have heard Hakoda’s shift in
tone, because he drew back a little. “I hate this as much as you do, and if I could, I'd drop
everything and go to Fong on foot if that was what it took to get Zuko back. But we are a
tribe, and we are at war, and if we want to help him at all, we need to be clever about it.
Bato's right; our best bet is getting to Chameleon Bay.”
Hakoda saw Chena’s grey eyes narrow, and then widen as he realised in horror that Hakoda
was right. It was the law of nature and rule of the ice. If someone wanders into a snowstorm,
you cannot save them by following and getting lost too. Instead, you wait for the storm to
pass, and go after them with food and blankets.

That didn’t make the helplessness any easier.
“They won’t kill him.” Aput said factually, tone grim. “He’s a prisoner for a reason. Fong has
only ever wanted him for his connection to the Fire Lord.”
Tulok sat back down slowly, red-rimmed eyes staring into the campfire. “Yes,” he said, “but
there are worse things than death.”
____
Fong didn't come back but another man did. This man was tall and thin and reminded Zuko
of a spider; skeletal and unsettling and weird. He wore a green uniform, and his hair was
brown and greasy, mud-like, and then there was a blindfold covering Zuko’s gaze and the last
thing he saw of the man was a flash of too-white teeth as he grinned.
Zuko was dragged down corridors and stairs. He could feel Agni getting further and further
from him, that distant warmth slowly waning with each step. Zuko had never been this deep
below the earth before. He knew so much even with the blindfold that made him stumble
over his own feet. Only earthbenders could bury so low, and they only had one reason to bury
so low. Firebenders drew power from the sun. Down here in the bowels of the fortress, a
firebender would slowly shrivel into hollowness. Zuko couldn’t even tell what time it was.
He couldn’t feel Agni. This wasn’t how it was in the South Pole, where the sun was dormant
but still breathing within him. This was different. Everything warm in the world had been
doused.
“Another soldier. Fire Nation.” The spider-like man growled from beside Zuko, thin fingers
clutched in his arm. Zuko’s lip was bleeding again from trying to fight the man off. He'd tried
to summon a flame, anything. Nothing came. Not even sparks.
Someone grunted in response, and then a metal gate was screeching open and the blindfold
was yanked from Zuko’s eyes.
He was terrified about what he’d see once the blindfold was removed. He hadn’t expected to
be met with more darkness. Disorientated, Zuko peered at the shadows. They were moving.
And then a flame exploded to life and Spider was suddenly holding a torch, and those
shadows weren’t shadows.
“Good timing, soldier.” Spider snarled in Zuko’s ear. “It’s feeding time.”
Zuko was shoved forward, stumbling to the floor, his hands moving just in time to save his
nose from being smashed. He was in a large, domed room. The walls and ceiling were lined
with metal but the floor was earth, was damp, was bloody. Zuko crawled back in horror, and
heard a snicker.
He wasn’t alone in here.
There were people, if you could call them that. About a dozen, all cheekbones and ribs, eyes
like black bruises, bust lips curled back; wild. But there were no chains, the prisoners were
just... loose. The smell was indescribable, all blood and sweat and faeces and pain. The

prisoners here all looked the same at first; grey-clad and lifeless. But as Zuko got more
accustomed to the darkness, he noticed small differences. A group of three large men sat in
one corner of the room, their hair ragged and falling to their ribs. When Zuko looked at them,
they tensed, looked close to pouncing. He looked away. In the opposite corner, to Zuko’s
churning horror, were two boys. One was around ten, but the other couldn’t have been older
than five. They had children down here. Zuko turned to glare at Spider, but the man was
already glaring right back, before he threw the lit torch into the middle of the room, fire
chasing darkness up the wall. Every single prisoner flinched except Zuko, and he felt dread
pool in his stomach.
“Lunchtime!” Spider called, and he was still grinning, even as he threw a stale baguette into
the middle of the room, and Zuko found out why none of the prisoners were chained.
The three men in the corner leapt forward without hesitation, and Zuko just managed to
scramble back against the wall before he got caught in the most feral display of fighting he’d
ever seen. There was no technique, no forethought. This was all instincts. One man scratched
at another’s eyes, one bit another’s arm. It was like watching animals. Finally, the biggest
man with the longest hair grabbed the baguette, tearing a piece of it off with his teeth, and the
other two bowed their heads, defeated.
Zuko was going to be sick.
Distantly, he noticed two small shadows slowly slipping towards him, and he could feel
someone nearby when Spider doused the torch and walked away, abandoning Zuko to this
cage of animals and darkness. He didn’t know how much time passed after that. Zuko
thought of Father, of Hakoda, of Kanut, of Tomkin and Nanook. He thought of how angry
Chena would be with him if he could just walk back to the camp. He thought of Aput rolling
his eyes and Tulok sighing in relief. Zuko thought of those men, willing to kill each other for
a stale piece of bread. Zuko would never stoop that low, he decided. He would not resort to
barbarianism just to survive.
“My name’s Lanse.” A sudden voice whispered, young and nervous. “This is my little
brother, Zi Se. We're Fire Nation too.”
Zuko squinted, slowly getting used to the pitch black, and managed to just about see the two
little boys he’d noticed before. The brothers were skinny and pale, their hair black and shorn
just as Zuko’s had been. They hadn’t been here long. That was good, at least. Lanse looked
no taller than Zuko’s ribs, and Zi Se-.
Zuko’s innards twisted like he’d been stabbed. Zi Se was tiny. Zuko could probably carry him
around and not feel a thing. The kid would only reach his waist, if that. He didn’t seem as
welcoming as his brother, curling in on his small body, glaring with too much malice for a
kid his age.
“What’s your name?” Lanse asked when Zuko only regarded them.
He didn’t want to talk. He certainly didn’t want to squander his chances of survival by
making friends here. But Lanse seemed so desperate for conversation, and they were just...
they were just children.

“Lee.” Zuko said quietly. After all, there were a million Lees.
Lanse smiled. “Are you a soldier? My dad works with soldiers. He's a War Minister, you
know. But he likes inventing things. He's good at that.”
Zuko hummed, not really listening. “Yes, I'm a soldier.” He said with a half-hearted sneer.
Lanse frowned, opening his mouth to question him, but then the gates were opening again,
and Zuko shielded his eyes from the fire when Spider lit another torch, and again, everyone
else flinched or shrunk away.
“Where are Qin’s boys?” Spider snarled, glaring at each prisoner. Qin. War Minister Qin.
Zuko sucked in a breath, connecting the dots just as Spider’s sharp eyes landed on Lanse and
Zi Se.
“Lanse.” Zi Se whispered, terror in his voice as he clutched his big brother’s arm. Azula had
once done that to Zuko. Father had yelled at her, and she had never learned how to respond to
that, so she turned to Zuko, who had only ever been subject to it. You're okay, Azula. He'll
calm down.
Spider didn’t look calm as he stormed over, and suddenly, he was grabbing Lanse roughly,
tearing him from his brother. Zi Se cried out, reaching for Lanse, but Zuko held him tight,
even as the small boy struggled. Zuko knew men like Spider, knew he wouldn’t mind hurting
a child if the child bothered him. Spider looked so much like Ozai in that moment, as he held
the terrified Lanse in place.
“We have just received word from the Northern Air Temple.” Spider hissed, ignoring how
Lanse cowered. Zi Se shoved a foot into Zuko’s stomach but still, he held tight. “There was a
battle. The Fire Nation attacked. Did you know anything about this?”
“I already told you everything we know.” Lanse hissed, and to his credit, he sounded firm,
angry, brave. “Father never let us anywhere near his work.”
“Liar.” Spider growled, and Lanse’s breath caught.
“Leave him alone.” Zuko said, because he couldn’t take it anymore. Zi Se froze in his grip.
Spider cocked his head, before throwing Lanse behind him. Another soldier caught the boy,
holding him by the arms. Lanse's eyes were wide and amber.
“You dare give me orders?” Spider whispered, and Zuko glared right back at him. He'd take
any punishment this man gave him. He wouldn’t stand by and watch this helpless child be
bullied by some sadistic warden.
When Zuko only held the man’s glare, unrelenting, Spider relaxed his shoulders, lips curling
up.
“For your lies and insubordination,” Spider spoke loud enough for the other prisoners to hear
him clearly, but then he turned to Lanse, “you will be punished.”

“No!” Zuko yelled through a hoarse throat, lunging forward only for Spider’s fist to smack
him back down to the floor. Lanse screamed as the soldiers dragged him away, and Zi Se
cried and begged them to stop, but as quick as they came, the Earth Kingdom men were gone
and the prisoners were drowned once again in shadows.
____
The Water Tribe packed up their camp in Gaoling; reserved, rigid, reluctant. Bato tried to
tease and boost morale, but it was cut short by Kanut’s glares, Chena’s rage, Tomkin’s tears.
As the Ullaakut sailed away and it solidified that Zuko wasn’t coming back, Hakoda clutched
the rail, and he prayed and prayed and prayed.
____
They never saw Lanse again.
Agni didn’t come back.
Zuko lived under a dead man’s name, fireless and abandoned.
In another universe, Zuko stood on the Erlong with his uncle, and when they spotted a Water
Tribe ship approaching, he didn't move. He stood strong as the ships approached one another,
as they passed, as they moved on. Blue-clad men on deck were just nameless strangers and
later, Lee sang for music night. In another universe, Zuko escaped this.
But in this universe, he was cold and alone. No one was coming to help. He was not the
Prince of the Fire Nation and he was not Zuko of the Water Tribe. He was a shadow, a ghost,
a haunting.
He was damned, and days became weeks became months...

Chapter End Notes

Mmm suddenly me repeatedly bringing up the differences in hakoda’s and zuko’s
leadership styles is making a lot more sense. Oh ‘protect the lives of the many’ is it
hakoda? Im gonna cry. OKAY but if I see any hakoda hate in the comments I'll yell
because this is the most difficult decision he’s ever had to make, and I needed bato to
come in at exactly this point so he’d be unbiased and able to give sound political/tactical
advice. Hakoda is the chief, at the end of the day. And he still has men waiting for him
and he’s delayed and it’s bad enough that he’s made a shambles of the fong alliance, he
cannot afford to fight the fire nation AND the earth kingdom. He has to prioritise his
men before his own personal desires and he is SUFFERING because of it, so be NICE
so help me god.
how do we feel about this little development. honestly this chapter is so full. like we
have oro and renmin, the hair, bato's lil storytime, TOMKIN, the crew having to leave,

lanse :(((, like damn bitch pick a struggle.
im actually very sorry it's ending on such a depressing note but i promise it picks up
lmao x

Chapter 20: APPENDIX
THIS IS AN APPENDIX. THIS IS PURELY TO BREAK UP THE TWO BOOKS. I
DIDN'T WANT TO MAKE TAOB A SERIES BUT I WANTED A CLEAR INDICATOR
OF WHAT WAS 'BOOK 1' AND WHAT WAS 'BOOK 2'. THAT'S ALL THIS IS. THIS
USED TO BE AN ENTIRE PAGE OF ME CHATTING SHIT BUT I DELETED IT
BECAUSE IM OLDER AND FUNNIER NOW AND IF I COULD ID BEAT YOUNGER
ME WITH A BAT. LITERALLY YOU CAN IGNORE THIS. SERIOUSLY GO AWAY

Chapter 21: ii. Too Young To Know (Too Old To Admit)
Chapter Notes

hi nerds i missed you
holy shit I'm so excited for book 2 and you all know that means I'm terrified of the
response it’s gonna get. Be nice. You'll see pretty quick that we’re finally getting into
canon, but I need you to know now that I took canon and then beat the shit out of it and
now it’s a mutilated mess of jumbled timelines and vaguely familiar events, so if you see
a scene happen sooner/earlier or just Different in taob then no you don’t <3. As for our
boy zuzu, I will be honest most of you already know that this chapter right here is gonna
be Rough for him, but honestly?? After chapter 1, it really doesn’t get WORSE for him.
So there. I offer you this olive branch of Bare Minimum. Basically if u can manage this
chapter then you’ll be set for book 2. how exciting. Proud of you <3
Here is a playlist I made for book 2 seeing as Tom Nook Made Me Do It was such a hit.
the songs are in chronological order and they’re all Relevant and what I'm getting at is
that this is my baby and you should listen to it. ALSO THERE’S ANOTHER VINE
COMP I’M SCREAMING HERE GO CRAZY
Have a fantastic dayyyyyyyy i missed u, don’t do anything I wouldn’t do xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

When Zuko was a child, he used to sleep by the windows during monsoon season.
Sometimes he’d get away with it, curled up beneath those thick, expensive curtains, the
lightning flashing bright across his skin, rain curling its fingers down the glass. He liked the
noise. It was wild, and there was something soothing in that. There was no complexity to
rain. It fell where it fell. Neither good nor bad, simply there. No one ever tried to temper a
storm. More often than not, though, Zuko would get caught. By the maids with their gentle
voices, or if he was unlucky, Azula and her demanding touch. What are you doing here, Dum
Dum? Then there were the times he was lucky, when the hands that picked him up and placed
him back in bed were his mother’s, warm and soft, blankets tucked around his chin again. I
can’t see the sky through the rain. I can’t see anything. The worries of a child. It’s all still
there, darling. It's still there.
(Mother wasn’t still here. Neither was the sky.)
The sun was the first thing that abandoned Zuko. From what he heard, the moon didn’t last
much longer. The Earth Kingdom had coolers, just as Hakoda had once warned all that
millennia ago. Tiny rooms that pumped frozen air through vents. Zuko spent his first week
there. It was the last time he ever tried to hit Spider, but the death of that little boy, Lanse, had
ignited him and he couldn’t help it. (Couldn’t help.)

Zuko had been severed from Agni, but he still knew he spent a week, seven days, a lifetime,
in that cooler. Freezing, teeth grinding, limbs locking. He knew it was a week because the
warden made a comment as he walked Zuko back to the main cell. Red moon. No moon.
Only a week after hearing of the battle for the Northern Air Temple? So soon? Fire Nation
getting too cocky, too bold. Taking too much.
And then he was back in that cage of starved men before he could ask. (Not that he would.)
(Not that he’d risk it.)
He sometimes saw Hakoda, in the shadows, no more than darkness and two burning blue
eyes. If you come down now and go to bed, then I promise I’ll have General Fong agree to
treat you fairly. How childish. No coolers. How naïve. (And then Zuko would blink and
Hakoda would be gone. He wasn’t coming. How childish, how naïve, of him to think he
would.)
Zi Se, Zuko learned, was five years old and competent. He hated Zuko, at first. Zuko, who
told him again and again that Lanse had just been moved to another cell. Zuko, who held Zi
Se back when he tried to fight. Zi Se had a lot of fight. He spoke little and thought much. He
knew the threat posited by every prisoner, and when he finally tired enough to trust Zuko, he
shared his observations. Putra; weak, stupid, won’t last. Chan; the one who won that first
baguette, no longer a man but an animal, long hair.
Hair used to represent something sacred. Now, it signalled where you sat on the prison’s
hierarchy. Everyone was shorn before being thrown in here. The longer your hair, the longer
you’d survived, the higher up you were. Zuko’s curled around his ears now, a few centimetres
away from being shaggy. He didn’t know how much time had passed, but that was indicator
enough. Too long. (Too late.) It had taken Zuko days of fighting hard, ruthlessly, before the
other prisoners respected him in spite of his short hair. (Was it respect or fear? Was fear
better?)
He did know that it had at least been a few weeks since the coolers. It had to have been a few
weeks, because Zuko felt like he’d been here for years. He used to be able to tell the time to
the minute, the feel of sunlight on the back of his neck, his soul in-tuned with his
surroundings. Now, that felt smothered. More than smothered. (The South Pole had done this,
once. To a much smaller degree, of course. That was ephemeral compared to this infinity.)
Zuko shook the thoughts from his mind. It didn’t do well to think about that, them,
everything.
If it had been a few weeks, then that meant he might have passed his birthday. Was he
seventeen? Seventeen years a wreckage; it seemed fitting here. (Uncle had promised him new
swords for his seventeenth.) (Zuko saw Uncle in the shadows a lot.) (No.) (It didn’t do well
to think about.)
In the beginning, Zuko honestly believed he could get out. The thought made a low chuckle
break up his deep breathing, head lolled back against cold metal. It never quite registered in
his mind that this, this prison miles from Agni, this sentence, was permanent. (He realised
soon enough of course. Fearing damnation and taking it by the hand came so slowly, like the
moon phases. He barely noticed until it was too late.)

Focussing on what lay outside became too much. He was weak, shoulders unable to bear the
weight of the sky he missed. A sky of colours, a rainbow of light, a family but not by blood,
smiling and waving him back, welcoming. (Out of reach.) (It’s all still there, darling.) So, he
focussed on what he did have.
Zi Se, and a bloody, faded white lotus tile.
The latter was no more than a hollow memory of a man that felt almost surreal after
everything that had fallen between their paths, but the former was here, was vivid, was
vulnerable. Zi Se wanted to be strong, but he was a child. Lanse had been a child and he died
and Zuko had had to look Zi Se in the eyes and lie about what he knew happened to his big
brother. Zuko couldn’t help Lanse, but he swore the same would not become of Zi Se. (Zuko
would figure out how to burn again if only to protect him.)
“Does it work?” Zi Se’s now familiar voice sounded, scratchy and weak. He was far too
clever for his age, far too careful. Even now, the clipped, childish tone of a five-year-old
always pierced Zuko’s heart. Zi Se shouldn’t be here. Neither of them should. He shouldn’t
know the things he did. Zi Se should be loud and annoying and five; Zuko should have to hiss
at Zi Se to speak quieter. But Zi Se wasn’t and Zuko didn’t have to, because Zi Se learnt just
as quickly as Zuko that attracting the other prisoners’ attention was almost as bad as
attracting the warden’s. (Almost.)
“Hmm?” Zuko asked, sliding his gaze to the boy curled up beside him. The room was domed;
nowhere to hide. Zuko and Zi Se sat in the same part of the wall they’d met at, leaning
against it, like if they pushed their backs against it hard enough, they might just push through.
(Might just get out.) Zi Se’s hair had been a shadow of stubble when they first met, but now it
was black and scruffy, long enough to stick up in odd places, brushing his neck. His was
neater than Zuko’s; he hadn’t struggled so much. When Zuko ran a hand through his own
hair, he felt bumps, long scabbed-over scratches from Fong’s blade. (It hadn’t gained him
anything, in the end.) (Sometimes it was better to give up.)
“Meditating.” Zi Se said, eyes dark gold, almost brown, though that might have been the
impenetrable darkness they lived in. (Zuko didn’t know if it was a good thing that he was
used to it.) That darkness gave an air of ambiguity to Zi Se; what was real and what was the
shadows? (The shadows of Zuko’s memory. Uncle and Hakoda and Kanut and Tomkin and
Nanook and-.) (No.) What Zuko knew of Zi Se, he knew through flashes of terrified
torchlight, through squinted eyes, and through whatever he could feel. Touch was a terrible
thing. That was one of the constants of Zuko’s life. Zi Se’s small, curious fingers were the
only ones he didn’t reel from. (But sometimes, he still flinched.)
Zi Se knew Zuko had a scar covering half his face from tracing his small hands over him.
Zuko knew Zi Se was so horrifically skinny from holding him close to try and keep him
warm. It was the only way they could know each other, in this pit designed to isolate them.
(And it worked, it did isolate them. Zi Se still thought his name was Lee, for Agni’s sake.)
“I’ve seen other firebenders do it.” Zi Se observed, because observing things was what he
did. "You do it a lot, when you’re thinking."

(And you’re always thinking.) (What else is there to do?)
“Habit." Zuko said. Zi Se was a non-bender, though he was also only five. There was still
time. (Not that they’d ever find out down here.) (Zuko thought about this little boy, this child,
never seeing the light of day ever again, and then promptly stopped thinking about it.) (He
was getting good at that.)
“Can you teach me?” Zi Se asked, and Zuko found himself reaching over. He'd had the same
thought process as this kid when he was first dragged here. Zuko hid his pai sho tile in the
lining of his clothes, and Zi Se hid his necklace in his mouth until it was safe enough to put
back on. (’Safe’, Zuko almost scoffed.) His necklace was a delicate thing. A silver chain too
long for his small body, falling to his navel, the pendant no bigger than a fingernail. A plum
blossom, like the ones in Mother’s garden, and a butterfly on top. It belonged to Zi Se’s aunt.
He stole it from her jewellery box only a few days before him and his brother strayed from
their home in the Colonies, being captured by Earth Kingdom soldiers and never returning.
They’d lived with their aunt. Zi Se’s father, War Minister Qin, was obsessed with his
inventions, absent, and his mother died giving birth to Zi Se.
Zuko twisted the pendant between his dirty fingers, barely more than bone. Can you teach
me?
You can’t meditate if you’re talking. Three boys sat in the snow. I'm talking because you keep
talking.
So, so many shadows.
“Maybe some other time.” Zuko said, closing his eyes. He hadn’t even realised he was
mediating. It wasn’t like he had any fire to control anymore. He could hardly remember what
it felt like, to hold his element, his chi, his soul. (Heartless.) But there wasn’t anything else to
do down here except breathe and wait for the glow that signalled agony.
As if hearing his thoughts, the hallway leading to the main cell lit up with the familiar orange
and yellow flickering of a torch being carried. Zuko sat up straighter. Zi Se pushed himself
closer; Zuko could count every rib. The other prisoners bristled.
It was almost impressive, how quickly they’d taught Zuko to fear fire.
____
It had been a chaotic four months, which was very almost a good thing. It's hard to stop and
think amongst chaos. But still, Hakoda was only human. He still had to sleep. And the quiet
peace of sleep always showed the same thing. Golden eyes. Screaming. Katara’s words. How
could you leave us? We were so lost without you. Spoken by another.
So much had happened. Fong took Zuko. The Northern Water Tribe was invaded, losing their
Princess in place of Tui. They managed to scramble a victory. The Earth Kingdom was
another matter. Omashu surrendered, and if getting Zuko had seemed far-fetched before, it
was impossible after the coup of Ba Sing Se. The Earth Kingdom had fallen, the Avatar
struck down, healed by Katara. Hakoda had been reunited with his children, and almost as

soon as he was, they had to leave again. After two years apart, all he got with them was a
couple measly weeks. A couple weeks of fleeing Chameleon Bay when it was overrun by
Fire Navy ships. A couple weeks on one of those very ships, captured and used as their
disguise, travelling west. A couple weeks of readying for the Day of Black Sun, Sokka’s own
ingenious plan. Through it all, Hakoda barely got any time to just sit and talk to his kids.
And now they were gone again, leaving only the promise of a rendezvous behind. They were
so young, but Hakoda almost hadn’t recognised them. Sokka, so tall, so broad, just turned
sixteen. A handsome young man in place of the scrawny little boy Hakoda had known.
Clever, funny, and always with one eye on his friends. Katara, as beautiful as her mother and
just as brutal, her waterbending that had once struggled to raise bubbles from the sea being
used to shove an entire Fire Navy ship. They were part of the war effort now, and it had
splintered through Hakoda's heart like a shard of glass.
This was the plan.
The Earth Kingdom fell, and the Earth King all but ran away. Without his armies, they
wouldn’t be able to mount a massive invasion force. Knowing this, Hakoda had almost gotten
disheartened, but Sokka had already thought it through. The solar eclipse. It would
incapacitate the Fire Nation, taking their firebending for long enough to defeat them. The
invasion would be smaller, only a ragtag team of allies from around the various nations, but it
could work. They just needed all the help they could get, which was what the Water Tribe
crew had been tasked with. Hakoda's kids would stay with the flighty Avatar on his air bison
– Spirits, of all the things Zuko could have elaborated on... - until they met the crew at the
rendezvous in the Fire Nation, and in the meantime, Hakoda and his men would travel the
Earth Kingdom picking up allies.
The rendezvous was days away, and Hakoda had one more ally to pick up.
“You don’t need me to tell you that this is horrifically fucked up.” Kanut said from Hakoda’s
side, staring out from the bow of the Ullaakut. Sailing on a Fire Navy ship had been arduous
and confusing, and Hakoda was grateful they’d taken the initiative of anchoring the Ullaakut
behind a rock formation until they picked up some waterbenders from a nearby swamp who
were able to create a fog-cloud for them to travel in. It felt better to be back on their own
ship.
“But you’re going to tell me anyway?” Hakoda sighed, exhausted as the land of the western
Earth Kingdom crept closer and closer with every push of La’s waves. He was always
exhausted these days.
“It’s the smart thing to do. We're lucky he contacted us.” Bato said from Hakoda’s other side,
examining his nails, but his brow was furrowed. He'd realised months ago that this was one
subject he couldn’t make light of. Of course, he only realised after a slip up with Chena that
resulted in the two brawling on deck. Bato never stood a chance. Even now, his nose was still
a little misaligned. He swore Kanut purposely healed the break wrong. Hakoda wouldn’t be
surprised if the chilly healer had resorted to such pettiness; after all, they all knew how much
Bato valued his looks.

The Water Tribe had searched for Zuko. As soon as they reached Chameleon Bay, barely
greeting their fellow warriors who had been waiting far longer than they should have, they
started searching. They asked for information from anyone who would stop, they delved
deeper into the Earth Kingdom than ever before, they desperately, desperately tried to be
wrong. But it was hopeless. Every scrap, every hint, pointed to one man.
“General Fong’s base has its own barracks of soldiers. It's one of the few strongholds still
standing in the Earth Kingdom. He's volunteered an entire garrison. We need him, Chief.”
Bato said, and Hakoda grit his teeth. He’d very purposely not sent word to Fong about the
invasion force, despite the tactical side of his mind knowing the General could and would
help. Bato had been furious, but Hakoda wouldn’t budge. Not on this. He hadn’t anticipated
Fong contacting them, offering his services regardless. Hakoda had taken a machete to that
letter, tearing it to ribbons. It wasn’t enough to scratch the guilt from his skin.
“Hypothetically, if we kill him-.”
“No.” Bato hissed, cutting off Kanut’s monotonous threat. Kanut had become very
monotonous these past few months, offering only dry sarcasm that often verged on being
mean. Now, he stood staring from the bow, his white hair that fell to the base of his back, half
tied up in a knot, swirling in the ocean breeze. His ashen beard was starting to grow longer
than he usually allowed; small things like that were lost on him nowadays.
“If he’s smart, he’ll stay at the base and send someone else to meet us." Hakoda said, trying
to keep the snarl from his words, trying to blink away the images of crushing the General’s
larynx beneath his hands. “You said it yourself; his base is one of the Earth Kingdom’s last
strongholds. He'd be stupid to leave it unguarded.”
Which was the only silver lining of all of this, because Hakoda didn’t know if he’d be able to
control himself if he saw Fong in person. He remembered him vaguely; just another General,
another hand to shake. Green eyes, brown beard, an air of pompousness, a strong grip.
They stood like that in silence. The Chief, the Second and the healer; the Southern Water
Tribe sailing into the bowels of war, inching ever closer, ever the more irreversible. Quiet
moments like this always caused Hakoda to think of Zuko, of how antagonising the kid had
been. Aput had said all those months ago that Fong wouldn’t kill Zuko, that the Fire Prince
was too useful for that. But Hakoda knew Zuko wouldn’t have gone down easy, he wouldn’t
sit still for them, and four months was such a long time. What if... what if Hakoda was too
late? What if he was so busy thinking of ways to save Zuko that he was forgetting to consider
that there might not be anything left to save?
No. They were meeting Fong’s garrison at a small island a few miles northwest from Kyoshi
Island, and then they’d be at sea again, en route to Sokka’s rendezvous. Hakoda would see
his kids again in a matter of days, and Sokka’s plan would work and the war would end and
he’d find Zuko and they’d all be together and everything would be just fine. Everything
would be just fine. He had to believe everything would be just fine.
The hollow optimism swelled until the Ullaakut docked at the island, and then it burst,
showering over Hakoda in something that burned.

Because there, stood before two dozen Earth Kingdom soldiers, smiling like he was greeting
an old friend, was General Fong.
____
They never knew who was next, and that was debilitating. Every time those damned torches
ignited the corridor, the first kiss of light the prisoners got in days, it was someone different.
Some days the warden was bored, and picked on Putra because Putra always cried. Some
days, they picked which prisoner depending on events of the war. When the Northern Air
Temple was attacked, they took Lanse. When Ba Sing Se was infiltrated, they dragged out a
prisoner who was a traitor to the Dai Li. If it weren’t so terrifying, it would be useful, a way
for Zuko to stay in the loop, to figure out current events. As it was, he could hardly bring
himself to breathe through a closed-up throat whenever that corridor lit up, because they
never knew who was next, and because no one knew he was Prince Zuko except Fong, not
even Zi Se, which meant whenever it was Zuko’s turn, it was always after a summons from
Fong, and Fong had a cruelty in him that made Spider’s idle jabbing look friendly.
(Zuko broke so easily. He'd always broken so easily. Except now, he lacked any opportunity
to break. He didn’t have the information Fong asked of him. If he did, he would give it. He'd
give anything to make it stop.)
The prison had a simple layout. However far down the main cell was, it was the lowest point
of the base. It had to be; Zuko only ever went upstairs when he was moved. He couldn’t
fathom anything being deeper than the main cell. The thought made his skin crawl. It
shouldn’t be possible. Up a short flight of spiral stairs that Zuko pushed and stumbled up,
joints aching, eyes squinting at every hint of light, was another set of cells. They were the
same as the one Zuko was kept in when he was first brought to this base; all metal aside two
patches of earth. Except the one Zuko was kept in when he was first brought here was clean.
These ones were bloodstained and smelt of anguish. Not enough water in the world could
scrub these sodden floors. The prison shoes weren’t meant to be sturdy or comfortable, and
sometimes after a bad interrogation, he’d feel the blood soak right through.
Zuko walked when he was told to and he let his arms be bound when he was told to and he
didn’t think twice about leaving Zi Se because he knew that wherever Fong wasn’t was
where it was safest, and right now, Fong was waiting for Zuko in the upstairs cells. Terror
was so exhausting that it was a wonder how he still managed it, those birds in his chest halfstarved and hysterical.
Time evaded Zuko these days. (Weeks, months.) He’d blink and be in a completely different
environment, or move his limbs with no recollection of deciding to move them, or sleep for
what felt like days. A constant state of disorientation had wrapped around him and was
tightening with every day, week, month he was in this place. He remembered the corridor
flickering with torchlight, he remembered Spider’s crooked finger pointing at him, he
remembered Zi Se’s squeeze of assurance, he remembered walking, he remembered
mouthing off because that was what he learnt to do, learnt that being aggravating brought the
beatings on him, not Zi Se. And suddenly, he was on his knees, hands encased in earth
manacles, wrists rubbed raw, and there was Fong. Above him, leering, bloodthirsty. (And oh,
he looked so much like Father sometimes.)

“Your Highness, you don’t look well.” Fong sighed, tracing a finger over Zuko’s jaw. Zuko
let his head loll back, body completely passive. (Fighting was too tiring and gained nothing.
He learnt that the hard way.) (He needed to save his energy for mealtimes.)
Fong grabbed Zuko’s chin, forcing him to make eye contact. Zuko’s stomach roiled. He knew
what was coming, but it still sent his heart racing.
“Your father still hasn’t contacted me." Fong said, his tone suddenly cold, metallic, angry. “I
have sent him three letters now. Nothing. That must hurt, little princeling.” He sneered here,
but his nails dug into Zuko’s skin. Zuko thought of Father, of all the years he spent justifying
him, and then he stopped thinking about him. Fong taught Zuko a lot about Ozai. Father
didn’t care, didn’t respond, didn’t stop what he could have. This existence was unforgivable,
and Father was allowing it. (Hakoda hadn’t been lying, after all.)
“I’m used to it.” Zuko husked. He never used to be mouthy. Azula was, and Uncle had his
own wit, but Zuko only ever tapped into that side of himself as a defence mechanism. (Or
when drunk.) He was Fong’s favourite prisoner, and Spider had it out for him. To protect Zi
Se, Zuko had to keep it that way, and he did that with sarcastic quips, impudence,
nonchalance. It was all hollow.
“No matter.” Fong snarled, pushing away from Zuko. “I've kept prisoners for years before.”
Without his harsh grip holding him, Zuko’s head slumped forward, the earth pillars the only
things holding him up. He distantly felt his tunic being stripped from him, breath hitched.
“You know I don’t know anything." Zuko managed to mumble, words slurred because in the
entire time he’d been here, he’d been of no use to Fong. Death was too merciful, though, no
matter how often Zuko dreamed of it.
Fong hummed. “I’m starting to believe you, Your Highness." Zuko’s bare chest was met with
the frozen air of the cell, ribs protruding, skin scarred and butchered. He didn’t dare let
himself look too close. “But I’m about to convene with an old ally of yours. I won’t be back
for a while, and I want you to be good while I'm gone.”
An old ally. Zuko released a hiccup of a giggle, almost deranged. Allies. What fucking allies
did he have? Down here he had only Zi Se. (And the shadows.) (They were never quiet.)
(Agni, Zuko wished they’d leave him alone.)
The disorientation was foggy where the knife was sharp. For a second, he was kneeling
before Fong, teeth grinding together as a blade slashed his back. (He ought to have ground
his teeth to the gums by now.) The next moment, his half-lidded gaze blinked slowly, and
Fong was gone. And then Fong was back, torch in hand, and Zuko couldn’t feel the fire but
he could feel it. He could feel it when it met his hand, his neck, his thigh, his abdomen. Agni,
Fong thought it was so funny, the irony. Thought it was hilarious. and it sort of was, and now
Zuko was laughing, delirious with pain, drunk on it. A guttural chuckle, bloodstained. Zuko
wasn’t brave; he knew he would scream if he could. He used to. He screamed his throat raw,
until he tasted blood, until he couldn’t talk. Now, he could barely keep his head up, and his
hoarse laughter was as dry as the Si Wong Desert. Fong didn’t like it all the same.

“If all goes to plan, your father might be joining you down here when I get back. But if not,
I'll send him another letter in a week." Fong said, patting Zuko’s sweat-soaked hair, and Zuko
couldn't bring himself to care about the implication of his words. “If he doesn’t respond to
that, I'll start cutting off fingers. If only you had a signet ring," he teased, gently holding
Zuko’s blistering hand, “that would be a good message, don’t you think?”
It would. Fong wasn’t clever, he was just so unpredictably cruel that it led him to clever
conclusions that others mistook for intellect.
“You know, it looks a little like the top of a bánh gai.” And now Zuko was back beside Zi Se,
each breath rattling through shaky lungs, plunged back into darkness. He knew he was
supposed to be in pain now, but he just felt numb. Apathy was a coping mechanism, he knew
that. But it worked, and he’d rather feel nothing than feel agony. If he just focussed his little
energy on keeping Zi Se alive, then he didn’t need to worry about anything else. (Anyone
else.)
“Your aunt make them?” Zuko asked, not sure how else to respond to being told the fresh
burn on his hand looked like a type of rice cake.
Zi Se nodded. He was sucking on his necklace again. He always did that. He said he wasn’t,
but Zuko was accustomed enough to the darkness now, to the size of Zi Se’s specific shadow,
to be able to tell, the same way Zi Se was able to just make out any new injuries Zuko had
when he was thrown back in here, young eyes wide and sad and scared. Zuko could handle
that. He could handle it, because when it was him being hurt, it wasn’t Zi Se.
“Stop chewing that.” Zuko finally sighed, tugging on the necklace and pulling it from the
little boy’s mouth.
“Hey!” Zi Se hissed, pushing Zuko’s hand away. (Not the hand that was burnt by his own
element.) (Not the hand that now apparently looked like Zi Se’s aunt’s bánh gai.)
“Why’d you even like it so much?” Zuko asked, letting his head tip back against the wall.
Agni, he was so, so tired. He let his eyes fall shut. Darkness on darkness. (No escape.)
“It’s stupid.” Zi Se mumbled, and Zuko’s eyes shot open to look at him. He felt his heart tug
painfully, the instinct to swallow all and any emotion suddenly choking and spluttering,
shadows advancing.
“I’ll decide that." He whispered, three words tearing apart the carcass of his soul. He saw
Kanut. He saw himself. He reminds me of how my sister used to be. It’s stupid. (I’ll decide
that. Come on, tough guy, tell me.)
“Father said it was girly.” Zi Se sniffed, jutting out his chin. “He told me not to wear it. He
said it was for girls. But I like it. So I hid it from him.” Zi Se twisted the pendant around his
tiny fingers. “I’m glad I did.”
And Zuko so suddenly and so poignantly remembered that sort of upbringing, that fatal
distinction between man and woman and what was okay for either. It had been a noose
around Zuko’s neck for years, like coils of burning flame snaking around his leg. Zi Se was

only five, for Agni’s sake. He shouldn’t have to worry about that yet. (Shouldn’t have to
worry about that at all.) (No.)
“Well, I like it.” Zuko said, voice sterner than it had been in days, weeks, months, like he was
expecting a fight. (Wasn’t he always expecting a fight?)
“Really?” Zi Se asked, and he sounded so hopeful.
“Really.” Zuko said, and he knew he’d cut down anyone who tried to take that necklace.
(Blood was just blood.)
(He was so, so used to blood.)
Spider came back, torches in the corridor, and Zuko knew what came now. He'd already been
out for an interrogation today, which meant the warden’s return could signal only one thing;
food.
Zuko rolled out his shoulders. Spider threw down the torch and the main cell was splashed
with light. Zuko didn’t waste precious seconds squinting away from it, even when it stabbed
at his gaze. He didn’t have time. He'd caught sight of Chan. Chan, who was as tall as Chena,
hair falling to his ribs in ugly, matted locks. He was only in his thirties, but he’d been here the
longest. Black hair was turning grey. He'd tear out Zuko’s jugular with his teeth if it meant
food.
But Zuko was hungry too, and Zi Se needed to eat.
The humiliation of this, of scrabbling after scraps on the dirty floor, left Zuko after the
coolers, after only a week of not eating. The hunger was relentless, his own body eating itself
from the inside out. He would have killed for a bite of anything. (He still would.)
“Hungry?” Spider taunted, holding a basket of bean curd puffs. Zuko didn’t make the mistake
of looking at him. The other prisoners knew by now that the only competition was between
Zuko and Chan. They took whatever was left. The guilt of that, of others starving for Zuko to
eat, was a distant memory. His mind was too clouded by the present. Zi Se was all that
mattered.
Spider grinned, throwing the basket forward. Zuko watched the food fall, watched Chan snarl
forward like a pouncing tigerdillo, and the next thing he knew, Zuko had lunged, hands
wrapping around the other man’s neck.
____
Tomkin had been overjoyed to see Sokka and Katara again. They'd grown up together. As
kids, it was always him, Nanook, Sokka and Katara. Everyone else was years younger or
years older than them. So naturally, they were inseparable. When Tomkin and Nanook had to
go, it felt like their little group had been ripped apart. Tomkin knew Katara would miss them,
and he also knew Sokka was a little jealous. For two years, Tomkin had wondered what their
reunion would be like.

He hadn’t expected Sokka to be as tall as him. He hadn’t expected Katara to be making googoo-eyes at the Avatar. And he certainly hadn’t expected to see the girl from Gaoling again,
who pulled him and Nanook aside with a quick ’well?’. Tomkin had tried to answer. He
really tried. He thought he was getting better at dealing with it, but when he opened his
mouth to tell the girl, Toph, that they hadn’t been able to find Zuko, that they’d tried, that
Tomkin hadn’t slept properly in months, he just couldn’t. Nanook managed a choked ‘no’.
Toph understood. They didn’t speak of him again. They couldn’t.
Tomkin also hadn’t expected the list Sokka handed him when they had to separate again.
Allies, Sokka had said, for the invasion. For the short second Tomkin was allowed to hold the
list, he thought it was a prank, but then Nanook snatched it off him and Chena snatched it off
Nanook and then Bato was handing it to the Chief, and Hakoda wasn’t laughing. But then
again, Hakoda rarely laughed much anymore.
The list featured names such as the Boulder, Hippo, Pipsqueak, the Duke, Teo – not to be
confused with Tho – and a dozen others that Sokka and Katara and their little gang had met
during their travels. Combined with the warriors they reunited with in Chameleon Bay, and
the Ullaakut was now accompanied by a fleet. Tomkin loved meeting new people – especially
inventors and swamp people and ex-wrestlers and freedom fighters – but he was a little glad
the Ullaakut had been reserved to its original crew. They knew the unspoken rules, like not to
touch that one red book of Kanut’s, to never sleep on the left-hand bed in the infirmary, to
appreciate the sun, to not question Chena when he stormed out of his hammock one night and
proceeded to empty every bottle of rum over the ship’s rail, to never ask why the Chief
carried a Fire Nation sword everywhere he went.
Hakoda never told Sokka and Katara about Zuko. Bato frowned when he didn’t, but held his
tongue. Tomkin got it, though. For four months, Zuko had been a haunting, a presence in
each of the crewmen’s hearts. He was a memory of scarred skin and shy smiles and black hair
and golden eyes, but never all four collectively. The crew had fragmented Zuko. It was the
only way they could survive losing him. And they each held their fragment of him so close,
skin cutting on the jagged edges. Tomkin loved Sokka and Katara... but this wasn’t
something he was ready to share. He didn't think he’d ever be ready.
So, he used the same excuses as everyone else. They're too young to be burdened with it. So
much going on with the war as it is. We’ll tell them later. And then Tomkin would go to his
hammock and trace his fingers against the autograph beneath his furs, and he’d hold it
together. He knew grief. This was different.
“Bored.” Tomkin said to the air, because he was getting dangerously deep in his head.
“Suck it up.” Chena said immediately, and Tomkin pouted.
The crew had been ordered below deck while Hakoda, Bato and Kanut – or the Troublesome
Trio to Kanna – greeted the Earth Kingdom garrison they’d been supplied with. Fong’s Earth
Kingdom garrison. Everyone felt a little queasy, but they couldn’t make any accusations
without proof, and they couldn’t affiliate themselves with the Fire Prince at the best of times,
let alone so close to the invasion. But Hakoda must have known that one of them - either
Chena with his bad track record, or Aput with his quiet temper, or Tulok with his relentless
loyalty, or Nanook with his protectiveness, or even Tomkin, who was feeling a very real

anger that he hadn’t felt in a very long time – wouldn’t be able to keep themselves in check.
So now they were all sat in the berth deck, scattered amongst the hammocks, gradually losing
the will to live.
“I mean it,” Chena broke the silence again, and Tomkin’s pout deepened, because it was okay
for him to talk, “if I see his fucking face, I'll crush it.”
“You know you can’t-.”
“If I wanted a lecture on politics, I'd talk to Bato.” Chena hissed, interrupting Tulok, who
frowned, displeased with Chena’s attitude.
Chena sighed, raking a hand through his long brown hair. “Just let me dream, would you? I
gotta have some plan for after the invasion.”
“Do you think it’ll work?" Nanook asked suddenly, sat on the hammock next to Tomkin.
“The invasion, I mean?”
It was quiet for a few seconds.
“I think it’s the best chance we have." Aput finally said when no one else put anything
forward. “I think no matter what, we’ll give it our all.”
Tomkin stared, throat tight. We'll give it our all. They would, wouldn’t they? Because that
was what the Water Tribe did. They were fighters, warriors. A small tribe here to leave a big
mark. They could grit their teeth through whatever politics was going on above them, and
they could wait this out, and they could take down Zuko’s horrible father, and they could...
they could get their friend back. Tomkin could get him back, could hug him, could laugh
when Zuko elbowed him off, could finally give him that playwright’s autograph, could laugh
again when Zuko’s snowy skin turned pink. It would be the three of them again, five with
Sokka and Katara. A group. A family. Safe.
“Tui and La, Aput, you been rehearsing that?” Tomkin asked with a small, fierce smile.
Aput kicked him in the shin. “Shut up, Little Tom.”
____
“Chief Hakoda!” General Fong smiled in greeting as Hakoda walked down the gangplank.
Bato elbowed him in the ribs and Hakoda forced a smile. “General Fong.”
Bato didn’t have enough elbows in the world to convince Hakoda to shake the man’s hand
though, and there was a beat of uncomfortable stillness as Fong offered his hand before
Hakoda’s Second swooped in, clasping it firmly.
“We can’t thank you enough for your contribution.” Bato said smoothly.
“It’s my pleasure.” Fong said. Hakoda was over a head taller than him. He could snap him in
half if he wanted to, and Tui and La, did he want to. “I sense this war may finally be reaching

its end, gentlemen. The tyrannical hold of the ashmakers will be over soon, starting with the
royals.”
Hakoda stood rigidly, Kanut just as tense a pace behind him. It was all he could do not to
reach forward and grab Fong by his shoulders, demand answers, shake him until his teeth
clattered together. He's just a kid, Hakoda wanted to shout, to scream. But Fong had two
dozen men stood in rows behind him, feet bare; earthbenders. Hakoda couldn’t attack their
General, and he couldn’t attack him on the grounds of defending the enemy they were all
here to defeat. But that was just it, wasn’t it? These soldiers didn’t spend those four weeks
with Zuko, didn’t see his escape attempts, didn’t talk to him in their cabin, didn’t take him to
the South Pole, didn’t hold him to their furs and promise to keep him safe, just to break that
promise, just to abandon him, just to be helpless. Hakoda’s hands had been tied for four
months now, and the man who secured the knot was stood a metre away.
Hakoda couldn’t attack General Fong, but keeping his mouth shut was suddenly impossible.
“Speaking of the royals,” Hakoda started, dodging Bato’s elbow, “you haven’t heard anything
about them, have you?”
Green eyes zoned in on blue, a silent realisation. Fong's smile was sanguine, but his gaze was
accusatory. You know? Hakoda kept his answer clear in the curl of his lip. We've known since
the beginning.
Fong swallowed before speaking, each word purposeful.
“I have heard that the Princess Azula is quite a force to be reckoned with, and that Fire Lord
Ozai grows crueller by the day. I also have informants that say the Dragon of the West was
arrested for treason in Ba Sing Se, and by his own niece, no less.” Fong was building to
something, and when his tone turned quiet, Hakoda held his breath. “He was there looking
for his nephew. Prince Zuko, I believe. The Fire Prince hasn’t been seen in some time, though
I have informants,” Fong paused, the slightest sheen to his forehead, “who assure me he’s
alive.”
Bato carried the conversation. Kanut quickly took off back to the ship, not trusting himself.
Hakoda was rooted to the spot for a moment. He knew he should be listening, should be
acting like a Chief, but he just couldn’t. He caught bits and pieces. Agreeing that Fong’s men
would tail the fleet in their own Earth Kingdom ships, mentions that Fong had left his base in
the hands of his most trusted Colonel for now, a sighed admission that he would only stay
with the invasion force for a week, long enough to fight the battle but leaving the aftermath to
the Water Tribe, before returning to his base. The barrage of words reared over Hakoda’s
head in a wave, and he let it crash against him, unflinching, water dashing past him. In that
moment, the war could wait, because his heart was finally sounding through the detritus of
tragedy within him, his lungs salvaging full breaths.
In a sea of words, he heard only two.
He’s alive, he’s alive, he’s alive.

Chapter End Notes

Me reading on the avatar wiki page that fong canonically sends troops to help the day of
black sun: oh now this is interesting
Anyway there we go! Book 2 is well and truly afoot! Hope you like! I'm gonna peace
out because I'm waffling out of anxiety but yeah. See you next saturday because we’ve
moved the upload schedule from mondays to saturdays now. Weekend queens <3

Chapter 22: ii. To Crush A Spider
Chapter Notes

This chapter has a lil time jump at the beginning. I didn’t really want to write out the
whole invasion because it’s nothing we haven’t seen before so just know that the first
pov is set right after fong and zuko’s interaction from last chapter and right before fong
and hakoda’s interaction, and then we jump to the second pov which is a few days later
for the invasion.

😔✌️

this chapter is so fucking eventful and i only realised when I finished writing it aka like
10 mins ago. My bad
. Things are gonna pick up a lil from here. Like it’s gonna be
angsty, but it's a different flavour of angst that I'm hoping is more satisfying? Idk we’ll
see. Don't hate me <3
Have a fab day nerds and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do <3

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Tovah was born on the summer solstice. Her parents were travellers, and she spent her time
strapped to her mother’s back as they walked the Earth Kingdom. Growing up, Tovah would
sometimes dream of her family’s history. Had they always been travellers? Had they broken
the borders so instilled by this war? What wonders had they seen? The truth was, she didn’t
know. On her fourth summer solstice in this world, her parents died. Simple illness took
them, and Tovah was left alone. They were in Ba Sing Se - Tovah knew that much – but she
was too young to know what happened next. She just knew she wound up in an orphanage,
and that was where she stayed until she turned eighteen and they kicked her out. She was
apparently a problem child, because from the moment Tovah learnt how to sneak out, she set
her mind on finding things. She couldn’t know her parents, her history, herself, but she could
know other people. She spent entire days sat on a street corner watching the world pass by.
She noticed patterns, fashions, ways of walking, ways of talking, mannerisms, baselines. It
was a hobby, more than anything. It passed the time; it made the gruelling days in that
hopeless orphanage tolerable.
At eighteen, she was left alone on the streets of Ba Sing Se with no possessions to her name
and not a single contact that could help her. She hadn’t cared. Her whole life, Tovah had been
alone, and she’d survived that way. That was what she learned when watching people. No
matter who they loved or who they had around them, at the end of the day, humans will only
ever prioritise themselves. That was why she never cared who she hurt in order to survive.
They were all so forgettable; faceless memories that had once been briefly useful. She was
only doing what they would do to her if given the chance.
It was on the streets of Ba Sing Se, homeless and alone and fine, that Tovah turned her hobby
into something else. She knew the sounds the city made at night and followed one that didn’t

fit the pattern. She'd turned a corner and suddenly saw an elderly man being held at knife
point, shakily handing over a bag of gold pieces to a tall, hooded figure. She had a chance, a
second, to turn and run, but her gaze locked on the knife pointed at the old man’s throat,
locked on the way it trembled ever so slightly. She stayed. The assailant spotted her. He
didn’t threaten her, and she’d known from the beginning he wouldn’t. A gold piece for your
silence, girl.
Tovah took it.
Tovah used it.
Twelve summer solstices later, and she had all three rings of Ba Sing Se wrapped around her
finger. She was as cold as iron and relentless. The hands that nurtured her had dirt beneath
the nails, the smiles that graced her had blood between the teeth. Everything she had in this
world, she got herself. She was a non-bender and a woman and an orphan and a peasant, but
through wit and determination, she had pulled herself from her childhood’s barren hedgerows
to reap the harvest of opportunity. Hers was a simple job; a game. She mastered it because
she once had no other way of survival. Now, she played because she liked the taste of victory.
Recently, however, that taste had soured in her mouth.
Because four months had passed, and she still couldn’t find the Spirits-damned Fire Prince.
Tovah had never been evaded before, never been escaped before. But this boy was a ghost.
She got so close and then he just... vanished. Tovah interrogated and searched and watched
but she found no trace of the two foot soldiers, nor where they’d taken Prince Zuko. And this
was more than a game now, because that boy actually meant something. He was important,
fundamental, to someone Tovah owed a lot to. And she was failing.
“Colonel Tovah.” Fong greeted, and Tovah only cocked her head slightly. He was visiting her
in her personal chambers. She didn’t usually stay at Fong’s base if she could help it, and had
recently been dealing with what the fall of Ba Sing Se meant, if the person she needed had
survived it, how to swallow her anger at the image of her beloved home under some petulant
Fire Princess’s rule, but Fong had written to her urgently, and now she was here and he was
in her chambers and he looked... nervous.
“General Fong.” Tovah nodded. Her hair was long around her shoulders, a brush held in her
slender fingers as she carefully ran the bristles through the black locks. This nonchalance was
unsettling the General, but he was too pigheaded to comment on it. Tovah tried not to smirk.
“As you know,” Fong said, expression closed off, “I will be joining Chief Hakoda’s invasion
force later today, and I will be taking a garrison with me.”
Tovah flicked her green eyes over the man before her. She knew all this. She'd decided it with
him.
“You are the only person I can trust with this base.” Fong continued, and Tovah quirked a
brow. “After the surrender of Omashu and the fall of Ba Sing Se, the Earth Kingdom cannot
afford to lose this too. I will be back in a week, but until then, I'm trusting you to run things.”

Tovah’s lips curled up into a smile. Trust was given so easily, so fruitlessly. It only cost a
single gold piece. She put down the brush, knotted hair now running smooth.
“I won't let you down.” Deceit was cheap too.
“No,” Fong smiled a little, friendly; stupid, “I know you won’t. The base will be vulnerable
in these seven days. With the men I'm taking gone, all that’s left are a handful of soldiers, the
warden and, of course, the prisoners. They are your priority.”
That caught Tovah’s attention, because Fong had never seemed to care much for the
prisoners. They were either Fire Nation or affiliated with the Fire Nation, and Fong had a
hatred for them unlike anything Tovah had ever seen. He was obsessed with ending the war,
but that had mutilated into hating every hint of the enemy he came across. He was halfderanged with it.
He wasn’t asking her to watch over the prisoners for their safety, that was without question.
There was something else. Tovah narrowed her eyes. Her chambers were lit dimly by
candelabras, and Fong’s form threw shadows against the wall. She needed to get closer.
“And what exactly does that entail?” Tovah asked, feigning interest, eager to please; all the
mundanities a man of ego like Fong craved. Subtly, she stood from her chaise, turning her
back to her reflection in the floor-length mirror and crossing the room to place the hairbrush
in a drawer. He was barely two metres away now, barely watching her; oblivious.
And just as she had at four years old, at eighteen years old, at thirty years old, Tovah
watched.
Fong's uniform was always spotless and without a crease. He was vain like that. He lived for
his title as General; it only made sense that he worshiped the uniform too. But in the shadows
of the flickering candles, Tovah noticed the green cape he wore was slightly charred at the
bottom. It was a strange location for a burn. Tovah had only ever burnt her cape like that
when walking down the base’s spiral staircases, catching the torches that lined the walls, but
that was rare in itself, because the only thing down those stairs was the cells.
Tovah kept her face expressionless as her eyes jumped to Fong's hands, but they were firmly
behind his back in the usual militaristic stance he favoured.
“The warden will take care of most of it.” Fong said, and Tovah very purposely crossed her
arms before her. “I just need you to do headcounts and such. These prisoners are integral to
the war effort.”
Tovah hummed, half-listening, half-waiting, before Fong absentmindedly mimicked her,
crossing his arms in front of him. People were always so predictable in their mannerisms. Her
green eyes locked on his hands, and something clicked inside when she saw his fingernails
were ever so slightly dirtied, and there on one of his knuckles, invisible to any except those
searching for it, was a small speck of blood.
Yes, Tovah would certainly be checking the prisoners, because it was now clear that Fong had
been, despite never being so personally involved with the prisoners before. He'd been visiting

and he’d been interrogating them himself instead of leaving it to the warden like he usually
did, and now he was asking Tovah to keep an eye on them, and there was paranoia buried
deep in his gaze.
General Fong was hiding something.
Or rather, someone.
____
This was fine.
Sure, Aang couldn’t find the Fire Lord and Azula toyed with them and used up all their
supercool-firebending-breaking-eclipse time. Sure, they’d invented submarines to bypass the
Great Gates of Azulon and now were watching their other invention fly towards them with
the intent of destroying them. Sure, they’d gotten further than anyone had in a hundred years
and it had still been for nothing.
Sure, the Day of Black Sun had been Sokka’s plan, and it was a defeat, and this was
completely fucking fine. Aside one tiny, miniscule, totally-going-to-have-an-easy-fix
problem.
“How are we all gonna escape?” Sokka asked.
“We’re not.” Hakoda said, and that was not at all the answer Sokka wanted.
They were stood on the hills of Caldera City, the sea only a few grassy fields away, the
submarines parked up on the shore, waiting. The invasion had started off perfectly. There
were two stages: a naval stage and a land stage. The naval stage went without a hitch, but
things started going wrong in the land stage. They were supposed to fight past the Fire Nation
battlements, secure the plaza tower, advance onto the Royal Palace for the eclipse and Aang’s
epic battle with the Fire Lord. At first, things were looking good. Sokka even took out a
firebender that was headed towards Chena at one point. And you know, Chena was scary, so
Sokka couldn’t help the burst of pride he felt when the large warrior clapped him on the
shoulder with enough force to rattle his teeth. Nice hit, kid. And then Chena barrelled off to
tackle another firebender, and it was just Sokka, Tomkin and Nanook.
The three boys used to do everything together, and it was incredible how easy it was to slot
back into that. Tomkin and Nanook had a smoothness to their interactions that could only
come from two years of living in close quarters, but Sokka found it easy to join, a third
puzzle piece to two already connected. With the three fighting side by side, it was like the
past two years of absence, of loneliness and a small, bitter jealousy, had evaporated from
within Sokka, leaving only three Water Tribe warriors, friends, to move as one. Nanook was
purposeful and perceptive with his attacks, focussing mainly on defending his tribesmen.
Tomkin was quick and brash at Nanook’s side. And then there was Sokka, fitting in
seamlessly as the tactician, moving them to where they could do the most damage, the guy
with the plan. Because that was his title, right? His contribution to Team Avatar; the plan guy.

This had been his plan, and his plan had failed, and it was only as he saw the wide, wet eyes
of the children around him, scattered amongst the warriors and Earth Kingdom soldiers, that
Sokka remembered that they were just children. Children he had marched into battle.
Children he had failed. And Suki. Even the thought of her twisted his heart. Suki had waited
for him as she suffered through Azula, and Sokka hadn’t come.
Yeah, nice try, but Sokka wouldn’t give this up yet.
“Then our only choice is to stand and fight.” Sokka growled, turning to his dad. “We have the
Avatar; we could still win.”
Hakoda was being held up by Bato, and Kanut shadowed the Chief with narrowed eyes,
clearly wanting him to stop moving but being ignored completely. Sokka tried to stay
focussed like a true leader, but he couldn’t help but look at the way his dad held his torso, at
the weight he leaned on Bato. He insisted he was fine, but well... he didn’t look fine.
Sokka swallowed, looking back up at the people around him. The shade of Toph’s impromptu
bomb shelter cut off the muggy Fire Nation heat for long enough that they could catch their
breath a bit, but Sokka couldn’t wipe away the prickling dread on his skin. A lot of the
invasion force were scattered on the hillside, leaving only a dozen or so with them here.
Mainly Water Tribe, as well as Team Avatar, but also a few soldiers from the Earth Kingdom
garrison General Fong had provided. Sokka hadn’t been eager to see the General again,
whether they needed him or not. He'd been keeping an eye on Katara between fighting. Tui
and La knew if she caught sight of Fong, she’d probably drown him on the spot.
“Yes,” Hakoda said, and he was doing that I’m-your-father-and-I'm-right voice that Sokka
hated, “with the Avatar we could still win. On another day.”
Sokka’s stomach fell to his feet. He wanted to say something, anything, to shrug that horrible
thought off. ‘Yeah, let's just reschedule with the Fire Lord, do you think he’s free next week?'
But suddenly his mouth felt dry. It was all he could do to shake his head.
“You kids have to leave.” Hakoda continued, clutching his abdomen and making Kanut look
close to bursting a blood vessel. “You have to escape on Appa together.”
“What?” Katara asked, and her voice that was usually so infuriatingly strong trembled as she
grabbed Hakoda’s arm. “We can’t leave you behind. We won't leave anyone behind.”
Sokka looked to Team Avatar. To his right, Toph stood, chin jutted forward, as stubborn and
immovable as her element. To his left, Aang and Katara. Katara couldn’t tear her eyes away
from Hakoda, and Sokka definitely didn’t scrutinise her to doublecheck she was truly okay
after the battle and taking down an entire war balloon herself. He wasn’t babying Katara,
because he rather liked having all his limbs attached, but no matter how strong she was, she
was always his little sister. And then there was Aang at her side. He just looked so... small.
Small and scared and sorry. He was only twelve – minus the hundred years in an ice berg and he was expected to defeat Fire Lord Ozai, and no one expected it more than he did.
Sokka was the eldest and a warrior. They were his to protect, and he couldn’t protect them in
a Fire Nation prison.

If they left on Appa, they would be split up from the rest of the Water Tribe. Again. But
Sokka stayed quiet, because a dawning horror was cresting over him as he looked first over
his friends, and then to his dad’s heavy gaze. The tactician, remember? Sokka told himself.
The guy with the plan.
They had to do this.
____
Tomkin and Nanook were stood near the back, but they could still hear the Chief’s words
loud and clear. They were surrendering, and Spirits, Tomkin was terrified. Because
surrendering meant the Fire Nation would find them and then they’d be arrested and be
thrown in some prison and-.
“The youngest of our group should go with you.” Bato said, and Tomkin’s heart flipped when
Tulok threw a glance at him.
The only thing worse than his tribe being imprisoned was his tribe being imprisoned without
him.
“No.” Tomkin uttered, staring Tulok down.
“Little Tom, you’re eighteen.” Tulok tried to be soft, but they were all exhausted from the
battle.
Chena spoke louder and drew the rest of the group’s attention with his stubborn hiss. “You’re
not going to some fucking prison with us, that’s final.”
Aput elbowed Chena in the ribs. “Language.” He hissed, looking between the Avatar and
Toph.
The Avatar smiled gratefully.
“Get fucked.” Said Toph, much to Chena’s delight, and Aput blinked in surprise. He was still
getting used to her.
“Chena’s right.” Hakoda interrupted quickly, shifting his weight. He was hurt. He was hurt a
lot worse than he was letting on. “You two will go with them on Appa.”
“Sorry, two?” Nanook asked, blue eyes wide. “You can’t be serious-.”
“Tomkin, Nanook, you two are warriors.” Hakoda said, levelling his gaze on them, and with
everyone staring at the two tribesmen, they turned sheepish. “There’s no disputing that. But
you’re both still young. Too young to go where we’re going. You are, however,” Hakoda’s
lips quirked up weakly, “old enough to be in charge.”
“What?” Sokka hissed, affronted.
“Oh,” Tomkin tried to grin, heart thundering in his ears, “I’m gonna make you do so many
chores.”

“Bold of you to assume I won’t rebel against your corrupt leadership.” Sokka said simply, but
there was a catch to his words. The failure of the invasion was weighing on him, and the fear
of leaving the adults was weighing on all of them. This was what Sokka and Tomkin had
always done; they lifted spirits. They teased and acted nonchalant, and it helped people. It
had never felt so hollow, but... but Tomkin didn’t want to stop. Leaving the rest of the
warriors was a joke and he refused to take it seriously.
“Question.” Tomkin looked back to Hakoda. “If me and Nanook are both in charge, what do
we do if we disagree on something?”
“I really don’t think that’s what we need to focus on right now, Little Tom.” Aput pointed out.
His black hair fell to his broad shoulders, and a few strands were starting to stick to the cut on
his forehead.
“All I'm saying is there can’t be two of us; I've never seen two pretty-.”
“We don’t have time for this shit.” Chena growled, finally losing his patience. “There’ll be
Fire Nation soldiers here soon. You kids need to go.”
Tomkin’s small smile fell. This wasn’t going away. He knew it wouldn’t. Despite his teasing,
no one was laughing, and the air choked with the taste of misery. Nanook was stood stiffly
beside him, and the people they’d met for the invasion were hugging and promising to see
each other again soon. Children saying goodbye to parents. Children Tomkin and Nanook
were now responsible for. The Duke was only eight and was sobbing against Pipsqueak.
Haru’s father, who had only just got out of a Fire Nation prison, was holding his son close,
promising things he really couldn’t promise in quiet mutters.
The adults were entrusting something so precious to Tomkin and Nanook. There was chaos
around them, the aftermath of failure, threat approaching, heartbreak at their feet, but as that
loudness waged around them, Tomkin felt him and Nanook in a quiet moment of solidarity.
They were still stood side-by-side, shoulders brushing, but Tomkin couldn’t see Nanook’s
face. He didn’t need to; he had it memorised. He knew that Nanook’s hair fell to his
shoulders, a light brown the same shade as bark on an Earth Kingdom tree, a blue bead on
one of the front strands. He knew he was taller than Tomkin by a few infuriating inches that
he never let him forget, and had a strength to the broadness of his shoulders that Tomkin’s
lithe form never quite managed. He knew as Nanook’s knuckles brushed against his that he
had a birthmark on that hand – named Splodge - and wore walrus-whale ivory bracelets on
each wrist.
It had always been Tomkin and Nanook. As kids, and now as adults. They were being forced
to leave behind their tribe, but at least they had each other. The thought of it was at once
terrifying and relieving, and Tomkin grabbed Nanook’s hand fully, holding him tight.
They would get through this, for the kids and for the crew. Some of them had to make it.
They had to be the ones to make it.
____

“Can we play Fire Lord?”
Zuko blinked awake, the weak grasp of sleep slipping away. He hardly slept as it was, and
when he did, his mind plagued him. Peculiarly, it was always Azula in the shadows, a
necklace she’d never worn before around her neck. (You aren’t coming back from this one,
Zuzu.)
Zi Se was looking up at Zuko expectantly, and Zuko sighed. This was a game Zi Se used to
play with Lanse. Zuko had made the mistake of using it to calm Zi Se down once, when he
wouldn't stop crying and was making Spider angry, and now it was a recurring event. (And Zi
Se didn’t cry anymore. Zuko told himself that was a good thing.) It happened the same way
every time; Zi Se would ask to play, Zuko would feel momentarily like he’d been punched in
the gut, and then he’d agree because it made Zi Se happy, and because Lee had no reason to
feel so strongly about pretending to be someone he had no connection to. The irony wasn’t
lost on Zuko.
“You first.” Zuko said.
He always felt like he was failing Zi Se a little. He wanted to protect him. He had to protect
him. (Someone had to survive this and Zuko couldn’t guarantee it would be himself.) Part of
that was keeping Zi Se’s youth, his innocence, untarnished through this wasteland. Zuko
wanted him to be able to act like a five-year-old, but he wasn’t good at it. He wasn’t good at
it because they were starving in a fucking prison, but it also ran deeper. Zi Se needed normal
childhood experiences, as many as Zuko could offer given the context, but Zi Se was also the
reason Zuko was slowly realising that his own childhood had been far, far too cold. He didn’t
know any games because he had never played any without rebuttal. He knew poems and
plays, but he didn’t know bedtime stories, the kind passed down from grandparents. And
when he thought of that, of his father at home with a severed ponytail wrapped in green and
ink enough to at least respond, when he thought of his lineage that had twisted itself into a
hundred funeral pyres, when he thought of this child before him who was trying to pull love
from a hand that had never tasted it, Zuko felt something. He felt it deep in his chest, and
suddenly, he was running up the hills of Gaoling, desperate to reach the Water Tribe camp
first, an eagle-hawk in his chest. It had been terror then, but now, those wingbeats scratching
his ribcage felt different, sharper.
He swallowed it down. Here in this cell, to spill out was to drown, to open up was to be
devoured, to indulge was to die. (And if he felt his heart race a little at the prospect of this
new feeling, this spark in a pitch-black cave, then it didn’t matter. He'd swallow that too.
Indifference was survival).
Zi Se offered a tiny smile, and Zuko nudged his knee in weak encouragement. “If I were Fire
Lord,” Zi Se said, chewing his necklace, deep in thought because he always took the
possibilities of his hypothetical duty very seriously, “I’d have twenty flying lemurs.”
Zuko opened his mouth, then closed it again. He wanted to tell Zi Se that flying lemurs were
practically extinct, they had been since the Air Nomads were wiped out, but Zi Se’s smile
caught around his necklace, and the prospect of twenty flying lemurs seemed to overjoy him.
This was why Zuko encouraged this game in particular. To Zi Se’s young mind, Fire Lord
was the epitome of power. When pretending to be Fire Lord, Zi Se could ask for anything. He

was such a quiet kid and Zuko dreaded to think of what went on in his mind; this got him
talking about what he wanted, without the fear that came with knowing, at the end of the day,
he couldn’t have it.
(Of course, the Fire Lord wasn’t actually the epitome of power, and the only flying lemur
Zuko had ever seen travelled with the Avatar, who was the reason the Fire Lord wasn’t the
epitome of power.)
Zuko couldn’t help but smile a little.
“Your turn.” Zi Se said, his small hand tugging at the sleeve of Zuko’s tunic. That’s how they
communicated down here; physically and verbally, but hardly ever visually.
If Zuko were Fire Lord, he’d wish lots of things, because this wasn’t actually a game to him.
He’d been the Crown Prince. That was miles and miles away from his existence here, but it
had once been true. He was raised to know what his duty would be when he took over from
his father. He'd continue spreading the Fire Nation’s greatness, uphold a position of terror
and power, ensure their family’s name lived on, set in blood and fire. If Zuko were Fire Lord,
he’d marry Mai and he’d terrorise the Water Tribe and he’d be miserable.
But Zi Se was five and to him, Zuko was Lee.
Zuko pulled his sleeve away. “If I were Fire Lord, I'd make a national holiday for
turtleducks.”
Zi Se giggled quietly and then they talked about the intricacies of such a holiday, and the
entire time, Zuko barely paid attention. He was just... tired. He felt it in his skeleton, in his
marrow; pure exhaustion. (The world outside wasn’t much better than the world in here, and
that realisation had decimated him when he first came to terms with it.) (The only peace he’d
ever known had been on a boat.) (A boat made of wood, not metal.)
And then Zuko sat up a little, thoughts silencing.
Chan was glaring at him.
Zuko couldn’t see much more than a few lumps of darkness across the cell, a little denser
than the rest of the shadows, but he could feel it like spiders crawling over his skin. Zuko had
been tougher than normal last time they fought. He knew that. For a handful of bean curd
puffs, Zuko had broken three of Chan’s fingers. Chan gave as good as he got, and Zuko’s
breath kept hitching when he inhaled, as if caught on something. A fractured rib, probably.
He hardly noticed. (What’s a blade of grass to a field?)
But there was a reason for it all, because Zuko had won those bean curd puffs, had eaten
them with Zi Se, and they hadn’t been fed since. They fought for every meal because the food
itself was scarce and rare. They couldn’t afford to miss out on it. It wasn’t personal.
Zuko wasn’t given much longer to contemplate Chan’s behaviour before torches lit up the
corridor.

____
“What is the meaning of this?” General Fong fumed as he stormed down the hill. He'd
sheltered with a group of his men, but the attacks were over now. Hakoda watched the
shadow of an air bison disappear on the horizon with a sad smile. It was all over.
They had lost. They would be captured. But at least the kids got out.
They would live to fight another day. They all would.
“We’re surrendering.” Bato pointed out.
“I can see that.” Fong snarled, finally stopping before the Water Tribe.
“Really?” Bato frowned. “You seemed confused.”
Chena snorted, grin curling into something brutal. This couldn’t end well, and suddenly,
Hakoda didn’t care. He didn’t need Fong anymore. They were all being met with the same
fate. Political cordiality was no longer necessary.
And Kanut had noticed.
The healer had been fussing over Hakoda’s injury. Hakoda had managed to avoid being
burned from the explosion that caught him, but a piece of shrapnel had torn over his
abdomen. Kanut said if he’d been a few inches to the left, it would have gutted him. As it
was, he just needed a quick suture and some bandages, and he’d been a warrior long enough
to grit his teeth through that much. But Kanut had been his friend longer than Hakoda had
been a warrior, and he couldn’t help but prod at him.
Now Fong had arrived though, Kanut froze, standing tall, blue eyes colder than the tundra.
“Chief Hakoda,” Fong said, turning to face him and Kanut, green eyes jumping to a smudge
of red they could see creeping up the hill, “if we don’t leave soon, we will be captured.”
“He’s well aware.” Kanut said, tone icy, and everyone seemed to silence. Kanut didn’t
usually get involved like this; it wasn’t like him. Even Hakoda flicked an uncertain glance to
Bato, who looked just as perplexed. The red smudge was moving quicker, taking more shape.
Fire Nation soldiers, a whole garrison of them. Instinct told Hakoda to get his men and run,
but he knew he couldn’t. Their surrender would buy the kids time. There was an eerie peace
in the inevitable.
Or there would be, if it weren’t for Kanut and Fong glaring at each other.
“Hey Kanut,” Tulok said, taking a few steps forward, placing a careful hand to the healer’s
shoulder, “the soldiers are there. We have to go down quietly.”
Tulok was a warrior in the literal sense of the word, but his character was soft, likeable. Next
to Kanut, he was short, his dark hair braided back and tied with a blue ribbon that brushed his
spine. Kanut might have been the Ullaakut’s healer, but he had a bitter side to him, a side

Hakoda could never forgive Yutu for curating. He was bigger than Tulok and he was angrier;
if the situation called for it, Tulok wouldn’t be able to hold him back.
Hakoda needed to get him away from Fong, he realised suddenly. The Fire Nation were going
to arrest them and they would go down peacefully in order to give Appa a clear flight out of
enemy territory, as well as reducing risk of injury or fatality to their remaining invasion force.
Defeated, but alive.
If the soldiers got here to see the two men brawling, they’d take an aggressive stance. Kanut
might be punished, might be killed.
“Tulok’s right, Kanut.” Hakoda said, and he pushed back his shoulders, a Chief. “Let it go.”
“Oh.” Fong said suddenly, and Hakoda glared at him, mentally ordering him to shut up. Now
wasn’t the time for him to be making himself any more of a target. But the moment Hakoda
looked to the other man, he felt his blood run cold. Fong looked disgusted, eyes narrowed on
Kanut, as if he’d just connected two dots. He'd realised something.
“You know, it was one thing I never figured out.” Fong said, cocking his head, eyes cruel.
“My soldiers told me it was too easy, because he was protecting you.”
Air hissed through Hakoda’s teeth as he winced like he’d been struck, body flinching. He was
protecting you. A boy whose mind knew how to hold a spear but whose heart told him to
leave it in the snow. He was protecting you. A candle raised to be a wildfire. He was
protecting you. A scream shoved behind fragile ribs. He was protecting you.
A boy, a candle, a scream. Gone.
Zuko.
Fong’s green eyes ignited in cruelty, smile sadistic. Hakoda understood he no longer needed
Fong, and here, Fong was understanding the same. Their alliance died today, with their own
imprisonment. The skeletons in their closets were now just clutter ready to haunt.
“I suppose you already know he isn’t dead.” Fong said easily, ignoring how his men threw
confused glances to each other behind him. “Stubborn little shit wouldn’t give me the
satisfaction-.”
“You wanna stop fucking talking.” Chena growled, and Hakoda had never heard him sound
that angry, not since his little girl. Aput had grabbed his arm in a vice-like grip, but he
seemed reluctant to hold on.
“He had it coming.” Fong said, spitting in the dirt. “Fire Nation scum.”
“He’s a kid.” Tulok whispered, and he looked like he was going to be sick. Hakoda knew the
feeling. His vision had tunnelled, even as the Fire Nation soldiers walked closer. They would
be here within the minute. These were Hakoda’s last few moments of freedom, and instead of
savouring it, he was imagining all the ways to invert someone’s ribcage.

“He could have ended this war, if he wanted to.” Fong snarled. “He isn’t innocent. None of
them are!”
“I thought I told you to stop fucking talking.” Chena managed to push a step forward from
Aput, causing Bato to lunge and grab Chena’s other arm.
“Talking.” Fong echoed, and then he flashed that horrific smile again. “That was one thing he
didn’t do much of. Never told me anything that could be useful. No matter what... methods I
tried.”
Everything silenced. The marching of soldiers drummed to the methodical thumping of
Hakoda’s heavy heart. For a few agonising seconds, the crew said nothing, Fong’s words,
their implication, what they confirmed, swirling the muddied waters of their minds.
And then Kanut lunged, and his fist slammed into Fong’s face.
____
It was infuriating, like plucking a flower and only noticing the thorns when they drew blood.
A low, constant ache. Tovah was patient, and she knew why she’d had to wait until today, the
Day of Black Sun, before going to the cells, but that didn’t make it easier. This had been
snatched from her for four months, and she’d seen in Fong a possibility that perhaps she’d
found what she was looking for. The few days between Fong’s departure and today had been
infuriating, beyond infuriating, but now, it was time.
Tovah knew Fong was hiding someone in the cells, a prisoner more important than the others.
Tovah knew it was perfectly plausible that prisoner could be anyone, and was unlikely to be
Prince Zuko, but still, Tovah wouldn’t rest until she confirmed this; her line of work didn’t
allow mistakes. Tovah knew the few soldiers still at the base were focussed, upon Fong’s
orders, on defending the cells. Tovah knew the only break between their relentless guard was
the Day of Black Sun, when all the soldiers aside the warden would move to the base’s
parapets. Tovah knew it was a tumultuous day where a lot could be either gained or lost, and
Fong wouldn’t risk this base falling into the latter category, hence the shift in defence. Tovah
knew that her loyalties were prioritised, but she wouldn’t sideline the Earth Kingdom
entirely. Tovah knew the value of this base, and the importance of taking as few risks as
possible.
Combining all that, and her only plausible option was to wait until the Day of Black Sun.
And it had finally arrived.
As Tovah descended the spiral staircase, Fong was battling the enemy in Caldera City,
helpless to stop her. There were three floors of cells. The top floor was where unimportant
prisoners were kept, usually a non-permanent holding, and were arranged in neat, metal rows.
Taking the stairs to the next floor was like a slap to the face. Tovah noticed the smell first,
curling her nose in disgust. She was thrown back to life on the street, of dirt and blood. Tovah
couldn’t remember the last time she was in the cells – she had no need to go down here – but
she understood this floor was where the... interrogations took place. Torture was one method

Tovah looked down upon. There was no cunning, no forethought to it. Any information
gained was gained lazily. Any idiot could hold a knife.
Finally, Tovah reached the base’s ground floor, thousands of tons of earth heavy above her
head with the threat of collapse. It was beyond unsettling for a non-bender, and would be
unbearable for a firebender. That was the point.
“Colonel Tovah.” A skinny man said quickly, scrambling straight from where he’d been
leaning against the torch-lined wall. This corridor was long, twisting at the end into an
impenetrable darkness heralding the main cell’s entrance. The darkness was on purpose too.
Even when interrogations weren’t occurring, everything about this place was designed to
torment.
Tovah looked the warden up and down, uninterested. He was tall, even taller than Tovah,
with brown hair pulled back from his face. He looked a little like a tree, all skeletal and
crooked, the green fauna of his uniform hanging loose.
“Warden.” Tovah greeted, enjoying the anxiety in his gaze. He usually had more soldiers with
him down here, but today, they were on the parapets. He was alone.
“Is there anything I can do for you?” The warden asked, fidgeting.
“General Fong has asked me to check in on the prisoners while he’s away.” Tovah said
simply, and the warden swallowed. He looked relieved. Tovah often made people nervous.
They knew her reputation; the woman who knows things. She’d learnt on her own, but there
had been a man who helped her perfect her talents. Long Feng of the Dai Li. From what
Tovah had heard, he’d submitted to the sister of the boy Tovah searched for.
Physical torture was Fong’s department, but Tovah could pull information from unwilling lips
with no more than her words. That was far scarier, and the warden knew it.
“Of course.” The warden said quickly, walking down the corridor. “Right this way.”
At least these four months had given Tovah time to get a description of the Fire Prince.
Young, black hair, gold eyes, and a scar she couldn’t miss.
This shouldn’t take long.
____
The two men tumbled to the ground, Kanut punching Fong’s face, his chest; anywhere he
could find purchase. They fought, the sound of knuckles breaking skin filling the hillside as
the men grappled to overpower one another.
“Stop it!” It might have been Tulok, or Hakoda. Kanut felt nothing but rage. He could barely
see, barely breathe, throat closed up and heart shrivelled in agony. Every time he blinked, he
saw that stupid kid, saw this man before him torturing him. Kanut kept hitting; he knew how
to throw a good punch. It seemed to draw out in its own infinity, until suddenly, someone was

grabbing his shoulders, his arms, wrapping around him, and he was being dragged away,
kicking and cursing.
“You fucking asshole!” Kanut screamed at Fong, elbowing Chena and Aput, who had been
the ones to finally pull him off. Fong scrambled back in the mud, nose completely smashed,
eye already swelling shut. Kanut was wild, even as Hakoda helped hold him still. He could
feel tears on his face, hot and angry, but he didn’t care. He wanted to keep going, wanted to
keep going until Fong could never touch Zuko again.
“Kanut, enough!” Hakoda yelled, and he’d been yelling for a while Kanut realised, the static
hum of his mind suddenly being pierced. Everything was moving. There were splashes of red
and black rushing Kanut’s vision, and then he felt Aput being yanked from him, then Chena,
but with much more swearing. The Fire Nation were finally here. Kanut almost laughed,
blood in his teeth. Took them long enough.
Kanut watched his fellow warriors being rounded up, watched Fong cower before the
soldiers, blood gushing down his ruined face. Kanut knew this was the plan, that this was
inevitable, but everything in him was racing, and he couldn’t calm down.
Someone grabbed at his arm and he yanked himself back.
“Go down quietly if you know what’s good for you.” A man snarled at Kanut. Quietly.
Quietly. Nothing about this was quiet. Nothing about any of this was fucking quiet.
Kanut spat blood in the man’s eye.
“Take this one separate!” The man yelled, outraged and disgusted as he furiously wiped his
face.
“No!” Tulok struggled against the handcuffs that had found themselves on his wrists, but the
rest of the Water Tribe were already being marched away, and Kanut was being pulled in a
different direction.
He caught Hakoda’s eye, amongst the chaos. The Chief looked how he did as a kid, when he
got his foot stuck in that damned snowdrift, when he thought he’d be stuck there until Kanut
and Bato arrived, having looked for him for hours. That fear, that choking uncertainty, resting
in his blue eyes. It stabbed into Kanut’s gut.
“Live to fight another day, remember?” Kanut managed, making his voice strong as he was
pulled into a different group of captives, “I’ll see you soon, Chief.”
____
Someone was coming and the corridor flooded with light, and as usual, Zuko looked away.
Naturally, his entire body tensed, his fingers wrapping around Zi Se’s wrist to pull him close.
After the Agni Kai, Zuko had felt like this. Three years of basic training he’d already
mastered, having to relearn his element, having to teach himself not to be sick whenever
Uncle blew a spark. He was back to fearing fire, and this time, he couldn’t even wield it.
Helplessness had worsened, somehow.

Zuko blinked quickly, clearing his gaze as much as he could as quick as he could. (The fire
stabbed at his vision, even this much causing a headache. Zuko didn’t know how to perceive
light. Not anymore.)
“Here we are.” Spider said, and Zuko narrowed his eyes at the spot of ground he’d focussed
on, knowing not to look at the warden but feeling curious all the same. Spider sounded
nervous.
"Are you due to feed them?” A woman’s voice, cool and nonchalant to the appalling
conditions she was bearing witness to. Zuko was used to be talked about like an animal by
now. (He was used to being treated like one by now.)
Zuko heard Spider scramble and dared a look up to see the warden hurriedly pull some food
from behind his back. Zuko didn’t even look at the woman with him, not now food was
involved. His gaze honed in, and he heard the cracking of joints as Chan moved across the
room; ready. (He was still fucking staring.)
Spider held out an egg-custard tart and Zuko swore his heart nearly thudded to a stop, all of
his senses focussed on that single point where the tart balanced on Spider’s fingers. Zi Se let
go of Zuko, backing into the wall, giving him space. Every limb ached as Zuko moved them,
but it was nothing compared to the hunger. (He’d never felt an emptiness like that.) (This
emptiness was wild and desperate inside him, claws scratching the lining of his stomach.) (It
hurt because he hadn’t eaten, because of the emptiness, and yet that emptiness created
something so consuming that he could barely see straight.)
“There’s six of them.” The woman commented, and Zuko ground his teeth to keep his mouth
shut. She was making Spider take longer, making ridiculous observations that anyone could
see. There used to be a lot more prisoners down here, when Zuko was first captured. Not
anymore. Zuko had hardly noticed their numbers dwindle. Some days, the warden’s soldiers
would enter, and the prisoners they dragged out wouldn’t be thrown back in. That was that.
“There’s six of them, and that’s all you’re feeding them?” The woman furthered, and Zuko
finally dragged his gaze to her.
She was tall and impressive, her black hair sleek as it fell to her hips. Everything about her
seemed sharp; sharp face, sharp jaw, sharp, green eyes. Zuko didn’t like her, didn’t like that
she was getting involved, that she was new.
“I’m hungry.” Zi Se whispered to Zuko, too quiet, too weak, for anyone else to hear, his
necklace in his mouth again. Those two words ignited something in Zuko. He was hungry
too. They were all fucking hungry, and they were expected to watch the warden and this
woman chat? It was hard enough starving with only the shadows (always the shadows) for
company, but this, with Spider holding the food metres away, was unbearable.
“When you two are done catching up,” Zuko snarled, his voice hoarse, like gravel underfoot,
“would you mind doing your fucking job?”
Spider turned an enraged glare on him. No matter how many times Zuko mouthed off, Spider
still grew infuriated. Zuko didn’t even bother getting to his feet as Spider stormed over,

instead lolling back his head, looking at Spider through his eyelashes, smirking.
“You little shit.” Spider seethed, grabbing Zuko by the front of his tunic and hauling him to
shaky feet. He looked at Zuko and no one else, and that was part of why Zuko did this. (Zi Se
was invisible when Zuko did this.)
In one hand, Spider held Zuko by a fistful of fabric. In the other hand, Spider held food. Zuko
was dizzy with hunger, dizzy with pain, dizzy with that strange scratching sensation in his
chest.
“I ought to starve you for this.” Spider growled, his ugly face looming over Zuko.
“You’ve already been starving us, you fucking idiot.” Zuko said, spitting at the man’s feet.
The action caused a new wave of rage to crash over Spider, and he shoved Zuko into the wall.
Old wounds screamed beneath new ones and Zuko grit his teeth to keep the pained wince
from leaving him, but through the pain, he heard something clatter to the floor. Something
small. Confusion numbed him for a single second, and then horror as him and Spider both
looked down.
His pai sho tile.
“No-.” Zuko said, voice breaking in his sudden desperation. They could have anything
(they’d already taken everything) but this was the one thing, the one thing, Zuko had to hold
onto. Lee had Zi Se. Zuko had his pai sho tile. If he lost this, he lost the last essence of his old
self, he lost any chance of redemption, of returning, of salvation.
“Well, what do we have here then?” Spider grinned, holding Zuko firmly as he toed the game
piece.
“Warden,” the woman said, and Zuko had forgotten she was there, “let him go.”
An agonising silence stretched through the cell, Zuko’s chest heaving breath after shaky
breath, eyes focussed only on his pai sho tile. The white lotus pattern had been smudged to
the point it was almost unrecognisable, and blood crusted over the edges. Some of that had
once been the real Lee’s blood, but Zuko knew it was most likely the fake Lee’s blood now.
Spider looked to the woman, who was still stood at the cell’s entrance, eyebrow quirked up.
She didn’t look shocked, or angry, or anything other than slightly impatient. Spider was
scared of her, Zuko realised slowly. He could tell by how the warden held him tighter, by how
his throat bobbed as he tried to swallow that fear.
“With all due respect, Colonel,” - She was a Colonel? What was a Colonel doing down here?
- “these are my prisoners, and I’ll treat my prisoners how I see fit.”
“With all due respect, warden,” the woman smiled, like a predator baring its teeth, “I think
your prisoners have a few opinions on your treatment.”
She moved. That was all Zuko’s mind provided him with. One moment, she was stood at the
cell’s entrance, casual and cool. The next, she’d sprung to life, a flash of green too quick for

Zuko to track, and Spider was being ripped away and thrown towards-.
Towards Chan.
Spider couldn’t get his footing in time, too stunned by the sudden force, and stumbled,
careening into the metal wall. Chan was on his feet, a looming shadow, impossibly massive
as he glared down at Spider. (Chan hadn’t been human for a long time, not really. Zuko had
seen those bronze eyes of his up close. The man was wild, unhinged, hateful. The man was
bloodthirsty.)
Everything seemed to shift. Suddenly, Zuko and Zi Se were watching, a captive audience.
Between them and the exit, the Colonel. Between Spider and the exit, Chan. No one was
getting out of here. (But still, Zuko grabbed Zi Se, hoisting him onto his hip.) (He didn’t
think about how light the kid was, how fast his heart was beating against Zuko.) (If anyone
was going to escape, Zuko would make sure it was Zi Se.) (He didn’t know what was
happening, but it had been days, weeks, months. They wouldn’t get a chance like this again.)
“Please, no.” Spider whispered, realising the danger he was in. Even Putra was shakily
getting to his feet, muddied face tilted down at the man that had broken him. The other
prisoners were crowding Spider. The Colonel only watched.
“Please, I'm begging, don’t do this.” Spider choked out, eyes wet, fingers trembling as he
reached desperately to the Colonel.
The Colonel only turned to Zuko. Her gaze was cruel as she looked him over, but her lips
seemed on the verge of a smile. Fong always used to smile when he hurt Zuko, and he
couldn’t help but tilt Zi Se away from her.
“You’re coming with me.” She said, and it wasn’t a suggestion.
Zuko hurriedly grabbed his pai sho tile, but then he hesitated, and realised the other prisoners
were waiting for him, and Chan was fucking staring, those bulbous eyes trained on Zuko’s
withered form. This was the longest the prisoners had been in light for as long as Zuko could
remember. He could see his own dirtied hands, could see the sharpness of Zi Se’s face, could
see Chan’s long, knotted hair. Tarnished honour. A constant reminder of a life sentence.
Suddenly, Zuko didn’t hate Chan. He never had, really. He was just hungry, and Chan was in
his way, the same as how Zuko was in Chan’s way. Past that, they were one and the same.
They understood each other.
“You could get out.” Zuko whispered, because he understood that, whoever this Colonel
worked for, it wasn’t Fong. The base was compromised, which was the best opportunity the
prisoners would ever get.
Chan closed his eyes a moment, before shaking his head. “No.” Was all he managed, his
voice deep and cracked like old stone. With that one word, Zuko heard everything. Zuko was
still young, still had Zi Se, still had fight. Chan was broken, the kind of broken that couldn’t
be mended. The shadows killed him a long time ago. (Zuko was reminded then of a deserted
Fire Nation ship, of swirling snow, of a red ribbon. After death, the soul’s final journey is to

find peace. Chan's would be delivered in bloody, tattered hands, but that was what he was
choosing.)
Zuko carefully moved his hand, still cradling Zi Se but opening up his palm, and then pressed
his other hand against it in a fist, bowing as low as his aching body would allow. Chan hissed
in a breath, before nodding.
Zuko turned to the Colonel and she grabbed his arm in an iron grip, pulling him out of the
cell. Spider's begs became cries and pleas, screaming for mercy, and then Zuko heard fists
slamming into flesh, and those screams of mercy became screams of pain. They would tear
him to pieces. Zuko could have helped, could have stopped it. Instead, he bowed to the killer.
(As he walked the stairs he’d climbed a hundred times, as he followed a colder cruelty but a
cruelty all the same, as he knew he was still in grave danger, Zuko still allowed a small laugh,
almost hysterical. This Colonel could do her worst, but Agni, who cared? He was out. He was
fucking out and Zi Se was still breathing.)
(And as Spider died miles away from the surface, Zuko felt no remorse.)

Chapter End Notes

Omg kanut don’t absolutely fucking batter fong ur so sexy aha. Iconic. King shit. So
proud of him. Also WE GOT SOKKA’S POV FUCK YEAH. He wasn’t supposed to
have a pov yet but alas I have zero control over this story so \_(O_O)_/ . also if you saw
tomkin almost quote ’i ain’t ever seen two pretty best friends’ then no you didn’t. i had
to cut him off before chena literally slapped him. Everyone decided to be iconic this
chapter and you know what? Good for them.

Chapter 23: ii. Tomkin Fraternises With Team Avatar
Chapter Notes

me naming the chapter title after a single pov out of a 9k chapter? more likely than you'd
think. idc you can take the 'tomkin fraternises with' series from my cold dead hands. this
chapter is more hopeful than the first two because they were ROUGH (buddy) so have
this as a treat. it's not perfect but it's hopeful.
go read this!!! the legend that is @ren-likes-muffins on tumblr wrote a fic showing the
warriors dealing with losing zuko in the four month time gap between book 1 and book
2 and it is honestly so so good, i'm in awe.
have a lovely week nerds, don't do anything i wouldn't do xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It was too bright. All of it. Zuko couldn’t see, and it was a different blindness to what simple
darkness brought on. This was brought on from dizziness and overwhelmed senses, and Zuko
couldn’t see, and his head was starting to pound. War drums behind his eyes ringing through
his bones, thumping in time with his racing pulse. (Ba-dum. Ba-dum. Ba-dum.) They finished
ascending the spiral stairs, finding themselves on a corridor lined by torches. (Ba-dum. Badum. Ba-dum.) Zuko twisted Zi Se away from the fire, the kid clinging to his shirt, head
buried in the crook of Zuko’s neck and hair tickling his chin. (Ba-dum. Ba-dum. Ba-dum.)
The woman’s grip was iron-like and the skin-on-skin contact made Zuko want to vomit, but
he didn’t pull away because when was the last time he even had that option? (Ba-dum. Badum. Ba-dum-.)
There were soldiers in the corridor. They yelled when they saw Zuko and Zi Se, their eyes
widening when they saw the Colonel. Zuko flinched, mouth dry, sand-like. (Still hungry.)
He’d only walked the spiral stairs, but usually, he collapsed on his knees by now. After all, he
only ever walked them to go to Fong. But they were approaching that cell, and then they
were walking past it, and Zuko clutched Zi Se tight even though he knew the room wasn’t
actually dangerous, and then suddenly, it was behind them and he was still walking.
Zuko couldn’t blink away his headache long enough to see how the soldiers were winding up
unconscious on the floor. The Colonel’s grip never faltered, her fingers wrapped entirely
around his wrist, and she just moved so quickly. An Earth Kingdom soldier would approach
in that disgusting green uniform of theirs, they’d question why two prisoners were out, and
then the Colonel would move in a flash, and they’d be unconscious. At one point, they
paused outside a room Zuko didn’t recognise, and the Colonel disappeared. Zuko could have
run in that moment, but instead he stood, disorientated and waiting for her like an idiot. She
returned with a handful of something black that she slung over her shoulder, and then she was
pulling him forward again. Zuko's bleary mind could barely keep up. He'd been in the cell

minutes ago, and now Spider was dead and Zuko was... Zuko was escaping? (All he heard
was the racing of his heart that thundered now with his headache. Ba-dum. Ba-dum. Ba-dum.
Ba-dum. Ba-dum-.)
And then they reached the surface, and it was blinding.
Zuko tripped, falling to his knees, Zi Se’s arms still wrapped firmly around his neck. The
earth was packed beneath him, cool to the touch, and it was night-time but it was so, so
bright. He could see the sky, the stars, the moon. He wondered if they’d always been so
bright, so beautiful. He wanted to sob. It was an obliterating urge and he shoved it down,
shoved it flapping and flailing back behind his ribs. This wasn’t real. None of this could
possibly be real. And if it was, it didn’t matter. To feel was to die. Zuko couldn’t die. Not
after Uncle and the Water Tribe and Priss and Oro and Renmin and Fong and Spider and
Chan and Zi Se. Not after everything. (And everyone.)
But then a breeze swept through the base, curling against Zuko’s sweating skin, lapping over
his bruises and cuts (and burns), and it was the first gentle touch Zuko had felt that wasn’t Zi
Se. He melted into it, weight into his knees, into the dirt.
“Oh.” Zuko whispered, tipping back his head, because that was the only word he could
conjure in that moment, for that moment. He could see. Even though it hurt and made his
eyes squint and head pound, he could see. He could see his fingers, how they held his pai sho
tile in a trembling fist. He could see the dirt ground into the fine lines of his skin. He could
see his grey tunic stained with patches of dull red. He could see the scars and he could
actually pinpoint where the pain was coming from. Here, on his burnt hand that did look a
little like the top of a bánh gai, what with his charred, cracked skin. Here, on his cut leg, a
deep gash from Fong’s blade stretching from his knee and overlapping burns down to his
ankle. Here, on his chest, where the tell-tale bump of a misplaced bone screamed bruisingly
whenever the skin pulled over it too tight. And those were just the main injuries from his last
meeting with Fong. That wasn’t including the damage from Chan’s knuckles, his growling
stomach from Spider, his old bruises and burns and lacerations and here and here and here
and-.
Everywhere.
Agni, everywhere hurt. He wanted to curl in on himself suddenly, push everyone away, but to
do that, he’d have to unlatch Zi Se, and the kid was holding on firmly.
“Hey,” Zuko whispered, “we’re out.”
Slowly, tentatively, Zi Se pulled back his face, amber eyes terrified. He squinted at the night
around them, everything far too visible after so long underground.
The sight of Zi Se’s young face chased away Zuko’s urge to implode, because as much as he
hurt, every injury he acquired was one more injury that Zi Se didn’t acquire. It didn’t make it
okay, or less painful, or worth it, but it at least gave some meaning to it all. It wasn’t all for
nothing. (Right?)

“Get up. We don’t have time for this.” The Colonel said suddenly, and Zuko’s entire body
flinched, hand grabbing Zi Se’s wrist, ready to yank him back if he needed to. The woman
was stood a metre away, watching with hawkish green eyes. Zuko's headache hammered at
him. He was suddenly seeing colours and light and more than the metal walls of that fucking
cell, and everything in him both reeled from and pulled towards it and he didn’t know what to
do. It’d been so long-.
A sudden swelling racked through Zuko. He thought he really was going to be sick, breath
catching and tightening in his throat until he choked.
“How long?” He croaked.
The Colonel cocked her head, before realising what he meant. “If those two foot soldiers
really were the ones who brought you in, then you’ve been here four months.”
Four months.
When young, things like age and death are no more than abstractions. Severe, but distant.
Another nation’s natural disaster; morbid to think on but lacking intimacy. Zuko never had
much in his life, but time was one thing he was supposed to have an abundance of. He was
sixteen - (Oh Agni, he was seventeen.) He was seventeen; a teenager. He was young and he
had his whole life ahead of him. And he didn’t have Mother or Uncle or the turtleduck pond
or the- or them, but he did have time.
Until suddenly, he’d spent four months below the earth, starving and fighting and losing time.
Four months of his life gone forever.
Four months of the people he cared about not knowing.
Four months of not a single person coming to help him.
He felt that fluttering behind his ribs, that familiar scratch against an achingly empty
stomach. His expression must have changed, because Zi Se reached out, tugging his tunic.
Zuko ignored him, pulling away to get to his feet. He turned and look the Colonel head on
and she stared right back.
“Where’s Fong?” Zuko all but snarled, and that single syllable, that simple name, was enough
to make him want to scream.
But he blinked and swallowed it.
Zi Se was Zuko’s priority. His second priority was Fong.
Fong, who stole four months from Zuko. Fong, who took so much more. Fong, the face of
pain. Fong, the voice of turmoil. What happened to Zuko here was a tragedy, his scarred body
the script and stage. Fong, the playwright. And Zuko had read enough tragedies to know how
this had to end. Justice for peace, an eye for an eye.

Zi Se and Fong. Two reasons why Zuko had to swallow any and all emotions that could
possibly cloud his judgement.
He'd make that bastard pay.
“He’s in Caldera City aiding the effort to kill your father.” The Colonel said monotonously.
“The eclipse finished about an hour ago, which means soon, soldiers will leave the walls and
see us stood in the courtyard like this. We have to move.”
Zi Se was stood behind Zuko, peering at the woman, burying his face against Zuko’s leg
when she glared at him.
“Why the fuck would we come with you?” Zuko hissed, and it would sound stronger if his
voice didn’t sound so hoarse, and if he weren’t swaying a little. It was taking all his energy to
stay conscious, but he’d felt exhausted when sat doing nothing in a cell; the exhaustion he
felt now after trailing up the stairs and escaping was debilitating.
The Colonel seemed intrigued by that question. “Hm, all this time extinguished, and you still
have a spark. That's very interesting.” She said, as if studying a specimen. All it did was
remind Zuko of his bending. It was night-time and Agni was tucked beneath the horizon, but
a firebender could always sense the sun, no matter what time of day. It was like a magnetic
pull.
And Zuko was just... detached.
“Walk and talk.” The Colonel finally said, clicking back to attention and turning on her heel.
She walked the base like she owned it. Zuko worked his jaw. He so badly wanted to run. He
didn’t know where to and he didn’t care, he just needed to run and be alone and never stop
running until this place was far, far behind him.
Zi Se and Fong, he told himself. He could suffer just a little more, and so far, this woman had
answers. The least he could do was use her to navigate his way out of this place.
Every step was excruciating, made worse by Zi Se’s silent, grabby hands demanding he be
picked up and placed safely back on Zuko’s hip. Zuko just hurt. And though his swimming
vision could finally focus on exactly what hurt (here, here, here), Zuko still couldn’t quite
pinpoint it. It ran too deep to be flesh wounds, felt too gargantuan to be physical. He hurt, and
he didn’t know how to stop the hurt.
The pain was bad enough that he’d willingly sit with a healer at this point, if it just made it go
away. (He remembered white hair and blue eyes, scorched tea, blunt words that felt soft.)
(Zuko pushed that thought away.)
They walked in silence, and Zuko almost didn’t notice, so distracted by left foot, right foot,
left foot, right foot. He knew he should be asking questions, finding out who this woman was,
where she was taking him. There was a cruelty to her, he knew that. She'd thrown her own
ally at a pack of rabid prisoners without blinking, then dragged Zuko away. She wanted him
the same way Fong had wanted him. (But also the same way Hakoda had wanted him.) Zuko
didn’t know her angle, didn’t know if he was walking him and Zi Se from one cell into

another. But he was just so tired, and everything hurt, and if she was, he knew he wouldn’t be
able to stop her. Not in this condition.
When she spoke again, they were hugging the base’s exterior, hidden by the shadows of the
looming walls. The last time Zuko was here, he stared up at the parapets, Oro and Renmin
either side of him in a twisted familiarity. That felt like years ago.
“There’s extra soldiers out tonight, so stay down, stay quick, and stay quiet.” The Colonel
said. A few metres away stood the treeline, but the open land between that would leave them
dangerously vulnerable to being spotted.
The woman didn’t grab Zuko, or even check he’d heard her, she simply took one last sharp
glance at the parapets, waited for a young soldier to pass, before ducking, crossing the short
space in a flash of green movement. Zuko was growing increasingly unsettled around her. His
abrased wrists were unbound, he could run anywhere right now if he wanted to, she’d
fucking left him here so she could run across first. None of it felt like being kidnapped, and
Zuko was speaking from experience. And yet, he knew he had no choice but to go with her.
She knew things, things he needed, and she was fully aware of that need.
Zi Se had shifted onto Zuko’s back by now, ankles hooked around his waist, chin rested on
his shoulder. It was easier like this for Zuko to ease himself into a crouch, trying not to groan
when his muscles screamed. This felt so akin to the days he wore that wooden blue mask.
He darted across when the coast was clear, and the Colonel was already turning to walk into
the forest.
“I believe this is yours.” The woman said, unhooking the strange black object she’d claimed
from the base. “Fong likes to collect these sorts of things, to remind him of his victories.”
Zuko didn’t like this woman and every part of him was in discomfort as he focused on
dragging his feet through the trees without falling over, but he did like the way she spoke
about Fong. Hatefully, full of disdain.
She handed the black object to Zuko and he froze, staring at it.
It was his scabbard, his single Dao sword tucked safely inside. Zuko traced the familiar
grooves with shaking fingers, seeing how his callouses fit exactly against the very handle that
had worn them in, with new scars and bumps sitting uncomfortably. The weight, the colour,
the feeling; it was so achingly familiar.
It was a simple equation. One sword for good, one sword for bad. With neither, Zuko felt
nothing, and that had been nice. With both, he felt balance, and that had also been nice,
however brief. And now he was being handed a single sword. Good or bad? Who decided, in
the end?
Deciding meant shedding this apathy, this protection. The hurt that cocooned him was inches
away from crashing against the shores of his body. If he picked good or bad, he was opening
himself to it. To all of it.

He... he wasn’t ready for that.
“Cool sword.” Zi Se said quietly as Zuko turned it in his hands.
Zuko swallowed. “Yeah,” he breathed, “it is.”
“Stop flagging.” The Colonel said from up ahead, no sympathy in her tone. She sounded
bored. Zuko's life had been torn from him and she sounded bored.
With a sword in his hand, Zuko's patience finally snapped.
He still didn’t know quite how he managed it, and knew a lot of his success was down to
sheer luck, but Zuko somehow caught up to her, easing Zi Se to the floor before lunging and
twisting, using her surprise to push the Colonel until suddenly, her back was to a tree and his
blade was at her neck. It was a simple move, basic, but as soon as his limbs stopped moving,
they seized up, and the agony that wracked over him was almost enough to make him double
over. He had to grit his teeth to keep himself standing.
“You don’t look well.” The Colonel said, that mocking tone, those exact words, pushing
against old wounds and making something growl deep inside. (Your Highness, you don’t look
well.) Zuko learnt long ago how to shrug off provocations; it kept him alive to simply let
Fong do what he wanted. But still, with Spider, Zuko had struggled to hold his tongue. And
now, as the Colonel’s green eyes barely regarded the threat to her life, he felt that fluttering
spark within him. The urge to hurt, if only to share his pain.
“Tell me who you are.” Zuko snarled, and even to his own ringing ears, he knew his voice
was hoarse, grating each word out like they hurt to form, which they did. Even something as
simple as talking, as walking, as fucking breathing, was painful.
“My name is Colonel Tovah." The woman said, never blinking, and Zuko almost felt like he
was the one with a blade at his throat.
“Who sent you?” He pressed, the blade nicking her skin and causing the slightest trickle of
blood.
“Lee, stop. You're gonna hurt her.” Zi Se said quietly, and Zuko knew if he turned, he’d see
the kid stood forlornly, sucking his necklace, still worried about inflicting harm despite all the
horrific shit he’d seen. They'd seen. Zuko had stopped him from seeing. That was the
infuriating thing about Zi Se’s innocence; it was Zuko’s fault.
“Lee?” Tovah raised an elegant eyebrow, and Zuko pushed the blade deeper.
“Who. Sent. You.” Zuko growled, his headache making everything pound. He was going to
pass out, but he needed her answer first. He needed to know. He needed to know how much
worse things could get, would get. (Always, always worse.)
Tovah smiled, and it finally looked genuine.
“I was sent by your uncle,” she said slowly, “and the Order of the White Lotus.”

____
It had only been a matter of time before Tovah found out the truth behind the Dai Li.
Her job was a simple one; find information. She grew a reputation in Ba Sing Se. First, she
went out of her way to unearth people’s secrets. She'd always done so, since people-watching
on the curb as a child. But that man in the alley with his single gold piece taught her the true
worth of information. People were willing to pay for her silence, so she made them pay. She
targeted the upper-ring folk, sneaking in every night, and they paid her handsomely to keep
their affairs and laundering and immorality under wraps. After a few years, people began to
seek her out. Petty affairs like confirming neighbourhood gossip for a gold piece became
finding dirt on two business competitors. The stakes in Tovah’s life kept rising, and she was
the one moving them up.
And then one day, a man came to her with a proposition that intrigued her. He told her,
simply, that the Dai Li were corrupt, that a scandal amongst them risked breaching the
surface, that some people were whispering, that he would pay Tovah her weight in gold if she
found a new scandal to bury this one.
He trusted her because of her reputation. Tovah didn’t trust anyone, and that was why she
broke his neck and left him dead in an alley.
Tovah didn’t trust anyone, and had no friends, no family. The only constant in her life was Ba
Sing Se. She hadn’t realised how fiercely she loved her city until that man stood before her
telling her of the lies its people were being fed. The urge to protect this place, this place that
raised her, this place that gave her so little but still gave her something, was a visceral
reaction, overwhelming, and it ricocheted through her usually infallible calm.
No one had ever given Tovah the chance to be loyal before, and she wasn’t quite sure how it
worked, but this felt right. In a line of work so polluted, this felt clean.
The Dai Li became her new project. Tovah was smart enough to know she couldn’t take them
on singlehandedly. She needed someone with their amount of power to ally with her. Her
search took her out of the city she was trying to save, and she was pointed towards a man
who was said to be great. He was also famous for taking audiences with just about anyone,
despite his status. So, Tovah spoke with him, mind set on convincing him to help his fellow
Earth Kingdom city. Whatever alliance she could scrounge was supposed to be temporary,
but the King of Omashu saw something in Tovah. Potential.
King Bumi agreed to do all he could for Ba Sing Se, but he understood as Tovah did that a
group as powerful and with layers of corruption as deep as the Dai Li’s, it would not be a
simple liberation. It would take years.
In return for his help, all he asked was that Tovah take a Pai Sho tile. He'd snickered as he
flicked it into the air, those crazy eyes tracking it all the way to Tovah’s palm. The white lotus
piece.
She joined the Order and hadn’t looked back since.

The White Lotus got her into the Dai Li, rising through their ranks inconspicuously. After
that, it was just a matter of whispering and gossiping and blackmailing, and then she was at
Long Feng’s side. He trusted her, because she learnt long ago how to make powerful people
trust her. She let the years pass patiently, but behind closed doors, she was compiling a file
large enough to damn the Dai Li. When it was ready, enough, irrefutable (after all, her line of
work didn’t allow for mistakes), then she would present it to both King Kuei and King Bumi.
Bumi would support her, and despite his ignorance, King Kuei would be forced to open his
eyes and intervene.
Her file was going well. She'd been with the White Lotus for five years, and the evidence
against the Dai Li was almost enough. In five years, she’d met lots of people. She didn’t
make friends with any of them, even the ones foolish enough to try.
But there was one exception.
Iroh, of the Fire Nation.
He was royal and esteemed and Fire Nation, but he was in the Order. The part of Tovah that
led her to people-watch in the first place was fascinated by him. She wanted to know him. At
the time, she hadn’t meant that in a friendly way. Knowledge, for Tovah, had always been a
weapon. But Iroh spoke of flowers and teas and music and poetry and he was invaluable in
regards to the Dai Li file, and his kind of knowledge never hurt, no matter how long Tovah
waited for it to. He had been the only person she wasn’t indifferent to, and she wasn’t
indifferent because she hated him. He knew more about the innerworkings of Ba Sing Se
than even Tovah, and he knew because he had laid siege to her city for six hundred days.
She hated him with a venom she wasn’t used to, until the day he came to her and told her
about Lu Ten, his son. He told her of his foolishness, his blindness, his mistakes, his regrets,
how it led to his own tragedy and it was only then he could open his eyes. He told her of how
he’d tried to make amends. He told her he was sorry. And this General, this royal, got on his
knees before Tovah and bowed.
The thing about it was that Tovah could tell from the moment she met Iroh that he was sorry
for what he did to Ba Sing Se. She could tell almost everything about him. But he was also a
powerful man, and Tovah didn’t have good experiences with powerful men. So when this one
bowed before her in apology and earnest regret, when he asked not for forgiveness, but
simply her consideration, when he took her hatred and didn’t use it for pity, Tovah was
stunned.
She gave him a chance.
Before she knew it, he would pat her shoulder, and she’d let him, and they’d share tea while
he affectionately called her ‘my dear friend.’ And Tovah didn’t refute him, because who was
she – friendless and alone – to tell him what friendship was?
Tovah didn’t trust anyone, but she liked Iroh, and she owed him a great deal. So when he,
five months ago, sent out a distress message to all White Lotus agents currently in the Earth
Kingdom, Tovah was quick to write back. She was the first to him, and she stood stoically as
he poured over his nephew, the Fire Prince. She stayed with him until another agent

discovered the Prince was alive and with the Southern Water Tribe, and that communication
had started with the Earth Kingdom. The boy was to be handed to General Fong, and soon.
Tovah, who was one of the Order’s quickest, most cunning agents, who to General Fong was
an esteemed militant with the Dai Li’s full recommendation behind her, was placed with him,
and quickly became a Colonel and Fong’s primary advisor, just as she’d been with Long
Feng. Iroh felt guilty for distracting her from Ba Sing Se, but it was clear Prince Zuko was
his primary focus. Tovah didn’t mind; she despised owing people, and this was the least she
could do for him.
And then Chief Hakoda decided to change the plans, and Tovah was ready to get her hands
dirty.
It would seem that the ragged boy before her, more bruise than boy, more bone than boy, was
her new definition of getting her hands dirty.
“If I take that sword from you, will you topple over?” Tovah asked calmly when the silence
stretched on too long, the blade at her throat moving with her easy breaths. Prince Zuko's
golden eyes, just a shade lighter than his uncle’s, were wide, owlish, and blackened
underneath by sleeplessness, his cheekbones jagged as they cut lines into his skeletal face.
Tovah wasn't one for pity, but even she hesitated when she first saw him upon the warden’s
tour. The scar was beyond distinguishable, standing out angry and red on his left eye, but
Tovah had still hoped, for Iroh’s sake, that this was some other lost soul.
Then a white lotus tile fell from the boy, and Tovah confirmed that this was, in fact, Prince
Zuko.
She wondered if he even knew the weight of that Pai Sho tile. She wondered if he knew that
it saved his life today.
“My uncle?” Prince Zuko whispered, ignoring Tovah. If it was possible, the little colour in
his face had drained. He'd been close to passing out since he stood up to the warden, and it
seemed this would be the last straw. Tovah wasn’t particularly keen on carrying him to the
ostrich-horse stables, but they were only a few minutes away. She’d manage if she had to.
The mention of Iroh had knocked something off-kilter in Prince Zuko. He stared dumbly, the
sword falling limp at his side, remaining in his hand from practise alone.
“Lee?” The little boy who wasn’t part of Tovah’s job description said softly, walking up to
Prince Zuko and tugging on his tunic. Tovah had seen him do that a few times to get Prince
Zuko’s attention. It was fascinating to watch the two interact.
Prince Zuko blinked, looking down at the kid, before smoothing down his hair. When he
looked back at Tovah, his expression was jarringly blank. She'd never seen gold eyes look so
extinguished.
“Where is he?” Prince Zuko asked, walking onwards.

Tovah hesitated a beat, curious, if anything, before following and retaking the lead. “He
allied with the Avatar in Ba Sing Se against your sister and was arrested. I’ve been looking
into it. He's in Capital City Prison.”
Tovah waited patiently for the Prince’s horrified response; she’d researched the prison
extensively since finding out Iroh had been taken there, and knew it was intimidating, to say
the least. Her first priority was the Prince, but her second was breaking Iroh out. He was
waiting for her.
Prince Zuko didn’t look horrified though. He didn’t even blink. Tovah knew how to read
people, and Prince Zuko’s body language said that he didn’t care.
“Where are we going?” The Prince asked, voice as monotonous as if he were asking about
Tovah’s day; an amicable request, a required response. He finally gave into the child’s
tugging, picking him back up and letting the boy cover his eyes with Prince Zuko’s
collarbone. Even though it was night, even though Tovah was struggling to see, the two boys
seemed to squint at everything, like it was all too bright. The Prince hadn’t tried to firebend a
light for them.
“There’s a White Lotus camp not far from here. You'll stay there to recover until your uncle
arrives.” Tovah said simply, cresting a hill that looked, finally, upon some stables. It would be
a few hours ride to the camp, and then Tovah could get rid of these children. They both
needed a healer, and a good meal, and a therapist while they were at it.
Tovah expected some pushback from the Prince, but all she received was a tired; “Alright.”
____
Thanks to the invasion, the Fire Nation’s prisons were very suddenly overcrowded. The
Water Tribe crew were being sent to Shuhon Prison, the Chief was being sent to the Boiling
Rock, and Kanut had got lumped with a bunch of others who refused to go down quietly. He
overheard the soldiers saying how there weren’t enough cells, so these ones would be taken
to a prison within Caldera City, for simple ease of access. Kanut wasn’t quite sure why he
bothered eavesdropping. He wasn’t Hakoda or Bato; he didn’t know how to get out of this.
Still, he owed it to his friends to try. He didn’t regret punching Fong, not by any means; he’d
do it again in a heartbeat. Spirits, he’d pay money to see that pained expression on the
bastard’s face just once more. But it had got him separated, and if there was one thing the
Water Tribe were bad at, it was being separated. It was unnatural for them. So Kanut had to
get out, get back, before he got an earful from a very anxious Tulok.
The prison was a towering cylindrical beast of stone and small windows, and Kanut was
marched towards it with the rest of the prisoners. He didn’t recognise anyone and kept his
eyes ahead of him for the arduous climb up what felt like a thousand stairs. Every cell they
passed saw more of them being shoved behind bars, until Kanut was stopping before a cell
himself, a guard at his side.
Aside a straw mat and some buckets, the cell was barren of furniture. Not exactly the peak of
comfort, but Kanut would tough it out. He knew the others would come for him. They'd find

a way. They always did. He wouldn’t entertain the thought of being stuck here.
Then a shadow shifted in the dingy room, and Kanut realised the cell was already occupied.
“Look at this, General.” The guard beside Kanut sneered, eyes narrowed on the shadow. “You
have a cellmate.”
The shadow didn’t respond and Kanut almost laughed at the guard. As if hearing Kanut’s
internal mocking, the guard turned to him, expression distasteful.
“Here’s your cell.” The guard said, lips curling up as his tone took on an air of melodrama.
“And may I introduce you to General Iroh, the Dragon of the West.”
“Ha.” Kanut said dryly. “And I am Kanut, Sea Serpent of the South.”
He shook his head, unamused by the guard’s joke. What would a royal be doing in this place?
But then, Kanut was shoved inside the cell, the gate locking behind him with a metallic
clang, and the shadow moved, revealing an old man with wiry grey hair falling in bedraggled
strands about his face. His face that had a strange familiarity to it, and two golden eyes...
“Oh shit.” Kanut managed to utter, the guard’s laughter bouncing off the corridor as he
walked away and left Kanut alone with the once Crown Prince of the Fire Nation. Not that
Kanut didn’t have experience with Crown Princes of the Fire Nation, but the last one he met
had a considerably cleaner track record than the man who besieged Ba Sing Se.
“Where I am from,” General Iroh – the General Iroh – said, his voice a low but fond rumble
that sounded an awful lot stronger than he looked, “we greet people with a simple hello.”
“Where you’re from, they commit war crimes like it’s a competitive sport, so I think I'll stick
to my unnecessary profanity, thanks.” Kanut said before he could stop himself, leaning
against the opposite wall and slowly sliding down it. This was the Dragon of the West. He’d
only ever heard of this man. If he was anything like his brother, then General Iroh was a
horrible, power-hungry man. But Zuko had spoken about him on numerous occasions, and
his fond tone gave Kanut a shred of hope.
That hope bloomed a little when the man before him let out a deep, almost startled laugh.
“You say you’re from the south.” General Iroh commented, hands resting serenely on his
crossed legs. “And you are clearly Water Tribe.”
There was a question in his words. Kanut waited for an elaboration, before shrugging.
“Southern Water Tribe, yeah.” He said proudly, daring the royal to turn up his nose.
General Iroh blinked, and there was something in his golden gaze, a strange mix of grief and
anger. However peculiar the light banter from before was, it was gone now, evaporated in an
instant. This haggard old man suddenly looked like someone who could be as deadly as the
stories said.
General Iroh levelled his stare, expression cold as ice. “Your tribe took my nephew.”

Oh shit, Kanut thought, but at least he didn’t say it out loud this time.
“Oh, no. Not-. It’s not like that-. I mean it was, but then it... wasn’t.” Kanut blurted out, and
he definitely wasn’t panicking about being stuck in a confined space with a powerful royal
firebender who had a personal grudge against him.
“Where is he?" General Iroh said, voice a sudden growl.
“I don’t fucking know!" Kanut snapped, suddenly unable to stay calm beneath that
accusatory glare. He didn’t want to think of Gaoling, of the beach, of the exact moment he
realised Hakoda and Bato had come to a decision, the wrong decision. Fong was away from
Zuko now, but Kanut didn’t know where the stupid kid was, how he was, who was with him.
What if they were worse than Fong?
This was the part that killed. This unknowing. It had been tearing away at Kanut, chunk by
chunk, for months.
He wouldn’t hear judgement from some has-been war criminal with greasy hair. He refused.
“The Chief has a soft spot, and the brat took advantage of that, little shit that he is. He grew
on us.” Kanut explained pitifully, hesitating a beat before adding; “All of us.”
He didn’t know how long they sat in silence for, but Kanut couldn’t lift his gaze from his
hands, and the General just sat there, thinking.
Finally, the old man said; “Tovah was right, then? Fong has Zuko now?”
“He did.” Kanut said, twisting his hands. “But Fong was captured along with the invasion
force.”
Silence descended once again. If this was how their conversations were going to be, then
Kanut ought to get comfortable. This might take a while. He was trapped here, forced to
confront Zuko’s uncle and, in turn, Zuko himself. Kanut had been hiding from this for four
months. Now, the choice was taken from him.
“You...” The General said, frowning a little, as if he didn’t dare to hope. “You were kind to
him?”
He sounded so fragile, like Kanut’s answer could shatter him, and the question made Kanut’s
nails dig into his palms. It wasn’t what he expected to be asked.
Kanut wasn’t sure if he had been kind; it wasn’t his way. He was blunt and could be cold and
he rubbed people up the wrong way, but the kid had seemed to like him, as reluctant as they
both were to it. They understood each other, in a way Kanut didn’t wish anyone else could
understand. Kanut hadn’t been kind, he’d simply listened, he’d been there, he’d helped,
he’d-.
Oh shit, Kanut thought, mentally kicking his own incompetency.
“Yeah,” Kanut whispered, throat tight, “we were. We... we did our best.”

General Iroh sat stoically for a few more seconds, before his shoulders slumped, head falling
into his hands. It was like a puppet having its strings cut, and Kanut watched on with wide
eyes. It was suddenly clear that this man actually cared about Zuko. No one else in that
damned family cared, but this one did. Enough for them to find common ground, at least.
“Listen,” Kanut said, leaning forward urgently, “between the two of us, we can get him back.
We have to.”
He didn’t know where this comradery came from, but he knew this anger. This was his
father’s anger handed to him in fists. It had always lived in him, and he’d hated that for a
long time. Zuko had taught him to come to terms with it. He hadn’t even meant to. Zuko
taught Kanut so much, and now, Kanut would pay him back.
“Ah,” the General collected himself, eyebrow quirking, “I have a plan.”
He had a mischievousness to him, despite his age, and it almost floored Kanut with its
suddenness.
“Well, General, do tell.” Kanut urged.
“Please, just call me Iroh.” The Dragon of the West said, and Kanut blinked dumbly for a few
seconds before clearing his throat.
“Okay Iroh, what’s your grand plan?”
The muggy air of the cell felt heavy between them, miles of Fire Nation territory trapping
them in, but despite the odds, Iroh began to grin knowingly.
____
The Western Air Temple was like nothing Tomkin had ever seen. A labyrinth of corridors and
hanging pagodas and arches carved from the very cliff face the temple was built into, and
rooms. Tomkin focussed on the rooms. There were dozens of them. If he wanted to set up his
bedroll in his own personal room, he easily could. And then Nanook could go next door, or
even a room a few rooms down, because there were just that many rooms. Tomkin was used
to sleeping either in tents or in the swaying berth deck. This wasn’t something he was
familiar with, and that was exciting.
Haru, Teo and The Duke ran off almost as soon as they arrived. Tomkin couldn’t blame them.
If he had his way, he’d be going with them, lured by the suggestion of more rooms, secret
ones. But a stern look from Nanook was all he needed to remember the responsibility on his
shoulders now, and so the group of them sat beneath an overhang. The group being him,
Nanook, Sokka, Katara, Toph and the Avatar. The Avatar. Tomkin was trying not to stare.
This obviously wasn’t the first time Tomkin had seen the Avatar up close, but the first time he
saw him, the Avatar was unconscious, and then he was flying away with a glider, and then
they were on a battlefield. Now though, there were only six of them, sat in relative calm, all
of them completely conscious and the Avatar particularly restless. Katara had practically
dragged him over to sit with them.

Nanook elbowed Tomkin just as everyone was settling on the rocks. “Stop staring.”
“I am not staring.” Tomkin hissed, too quiet for the others to hear.
“Are too.” Nanook countered. "It’s weird. You look like you did in the infirmary.”
Tomkin was too surprised to hold back the choked, spluttered laugh that escaped him.
Nanook could have meant anything, but the slight curl to his grin, the flash in his blue eyes;
he had to mean what Tomkin thought he did.
The infirmary. Tomkin and Nanook sat on Kanut’s bunk, plates before them, and Tomkin
unable to stop staring at the firebender he swore he’d offended.
Aput had once joked that Tomkin and Nanook were like Tui and La, push and pull –
opposites. Tomkin; loud, unapologetic, and with his heart on his sleeve. Nanook; quiet,
sensible, and deep as the ocean. When Tomkin’s parents died, he found it helped to talk about
them, usually with Hakoda. He talked and talked and cried a great deal, and he let it out.
There was so much to let out from such a great loss that it still took years to stop pouring, but
these days, he felt simply like there was just an empty hole in his heart. It would always be
there, but he’d learnt to breathe around it, and had learnt to not let it fill with anger, or hate.
Nanook, though, didn’t tend to talk about the things that bothered him. He’d think
relentlessly. He’d think about what he should have done different, think about what was said,
think about all the awful things his mind could conjure, and he’d think himself into a dark
place where he’d refuse to let anyone guide him out.
Zuko was different for both of them.
Tomkin, always the talker, found that even when he wanted to talk, he just couldn’t find the
words for Zuko, and that caused it all to twist within him, unspoken and boiling and
agonising.
And Nanook, always the thinker, drew Zuko into a place deep inside and refused to let him
out.
The reference to the infirmary was simple, quick, natural, but it was also a silent offer. Zuko
deserved to be in the light, they both knew it. It had been four months. Maybe Nanook had
been spurred by the knowledge that at least Fong was far away from Zuko now, maybe
Nanook realised there couldn’t be any cracks between him and Tomkin now they had this
group of kids to take care of, but for whatever reason, Nanook was finally, finally willing to
unlock Zuko, just a little.
“I wasn’t staring in the infirmary, he was.” Tomkin said with a smile that almost split his
face, and Spirits, now his eyes were watery.
“You’re right, he wasn’t staring.” Nanook said thoughtfully. “He was-.”
“Brooding.” They both said, before dissolving into a strange pained laughter that no one else
here could understand.

“Something you’d like to share with the group?” Sokka asked, eyebrow jumping, and Tomkin
realised the others had settled now, staring at the two of them in confusion.
“No, no, nothing.” Nanook said quickly, expression becoming neutral, because that was just
it, wasn’t it? Zuko wasn’t something they wanted to share with the group.
Sokka frowned. Once, those blue eyes had been perceptive, thoughtful. Over the years, it
seemed that had evolved into something sharp, clever, strategic. Tomkin swallowed
awkwardly, suddenly feeling like he was keeping a secret. And technically, him and Nanook
were keeping a secret. ’Hey, we’re friends with the Prince of the Fire Nation’ was, oddly
enough, quite a big deal, and it felt wrong that Sokka and Katara, who they both used to be
joined at the hip to, were left out of that. But what was even more wrong was what happened
four months ago, and it was just... too much to talk about right now. Not now the rest of the
crew were gone, the battle lost, the kids left to pick up the pieces.
“So, what’s the new plan?” Avatar Aang, the hundred-and-twelve-year-old Avatar, asked,
cutting the strange tension.
“Well, if you ask me,” Sokka said, reanimating himself with a smile, “the new plan is the old
plan. You just need to master all four elements and confront the Fire Lord, maybe after the
comet comes.”
That was another thing to worry about. Sozin’s Comet. Which was three months away.
“Oh yeah, that’s great! I'll just do that.” The Avatar said, flicking a rock moodily. The
hundred-and-twelve-year-old Avatar was sulking.
“Aang,” Katara said, voice kind, like how she’d sounded when Sokka and Nanook broke
Tomkin’s favourite spear a few weeks ago, “no one said it’s going to be easy.”
“Well, it's not even gonna be possible! Where am I supposed to get a firebending teacher?”
The Avatar asked, voice childish.
Tomkin felt his stomach twist, Nanook tensing beside him. The others continued to bicker,
mentioning someone called Jeong Jeong, Toph seeming just as clueless as Tomkin and
Nanook from where she sat on a rock higher than everyone else, but Tomkin tuned it out.
Avatar Aang needed a firebending teacher. The only firebender Tomkin had ever met past a
fight also happened to be the only good firebender he’d ever heard of.
“We could track down the angry jerk?” Sokka suggested with a grin. “Not seen him in a
while.”
“Prince Zuko? Yeah, I can see that working.” Katara laughed, shaking her head, hand
absentmindedly touching her necklace.
Tomkin didn’t make a habit of choking on air. It wasn’t very attractive, and was all round
unproductive. However, upon hearing the words Prince Zuko come out of Katara’s mouth,
nicknamed the angry jerk by Sokka, Tomkin found himself inhaling sharply, so sharply that
he began to cough and Nanook had to thump him on the back.

“What is with you two?” Sokka finally demanded. Tomkin tried to wave him off. Get a grip,
he wanted to yell at himself. Logically, he’d known that Sokka and Katara knew Zuko. It was
one of the main reasons he hadn’t talked to them about it; he knew they didn’t like Zuko and
that was just too much, no matter how entitled they were to that dislike. But hearing it out
loud, so casually, when Zuko was out there somewhere, alone and scared and going through...
going through something awful, it was like a punch to the gut.
“What do you mean?” Tomkin asked, voice far too high and not at all subtle.
“We’re totally normal.” Nanook added, and somehow, he sounded even less convincing.
“Lie.” Toph said breezily, one foot swinging in the air but the other planted firmly against the
rock. Tomkin shot her a quick look before realising he was wasting his time. As if feeling his
glare anyway, Toph smiled an evil smile.
“Can we get back to the plan, please?” Nanook said. The Avatar was cocking his head like a
curious bird, and Katara just looked confused, but between Toph and Sokka, there was an air
of doubt.
“Is this about Prickly?” Toph asked, her voice suddenly quieter, and Tomkin had to remind
himself again not to bother glaring at her. He still didn't know why Toph knew Zuko as
Prickly, and he was sure in any other situation he’d find it hilarious. As it was, he didn’t find
it hilarious. Toph had met Zuko in Gaoling, and he hadn’t given her his name, telling her only
that he was with the Water Tribe. She was the last person to see him before he disappeared.
She also didn’t know that he was Prince Zuko, and Tomkin wasn’t eager to be the one to
explain that to her, for the same reasons he couldn’t bring himself to explain it to Sokka and
Katara. Him and Nanook had decided back on the ship that they’d leave that job to Hakoda.
What happened on the Day of Black Sun didn’t change that. If anything, it gave Tomkin
hope. Nothing bad could possibly happen to the Chief or any of the others, because then who
would explain Zuko?
“You know, you never actually told us who this Prickly guy was.” Katara pointed out. “Did
you just collect him from somewhere? Toph says he was Water Tribe.”
Tomkin wanted to be anywhere else – particularly one of the temple’s secret rooms – but this
conversation had been brewing for weeks now. Distractions like the Avatar’s health and the
eclipse had buried it, but now, they were all together with nothing but arduous waiting ahead
of them. They had to talk about it sooner or later.
“He isn’t Water Tribe. He was just-.”
“We found him-.”
“Well, technically-”
Tomkin and Nanook cut each other off before both coming to a thick silence. The joke about
the infirmary now seemed so sour, bittersweet. It had been four months and they were just
learning how to talk about what happened with each other; they couldn’t even begin to know
how to talk about it to people who didn't understand. The few words Tomkin had spoken on

the matter seemed to have wedged in his throat like glass, like he’d tried to swallow them,
like he’d slashed the flesh and now the blood was dripping hot and heavy into his stomach.
Too soon, a kinder part of his mind whispered, far, far too soon.
“Okay, okay, we’ll leave it for now.” Katara said softly, motherly, and it was like a kick to the
ribs, because Tomkin and Nanook were supposed to be taking care of her now, not wallowing
in their own problems.
Tomkin forced a bright smile. “How about we make some dinner?”
The shift in mood was sudden enough that Toph flinched, so Tomkin turned desperately to
Sokka. He pulled a face that he hoped was a clear enough cry for help that his usual partner
in boosting morale caught on. Sokka hesitated, his expression perplexed, narrowed on a space
between Tomkin and Nanook, eyebrows slightly creased. When he caught Tomkin’s stare
though, he blinked, before breaking into a smile.
“Yes please, I’m starving.” He said dramatically. “None of that horrible soup you made the
other day though, Katara.”
Katara slapped his head. “Keep talking like that and you won’t get any food.”
“I liked the soup.” The Avatar smiled innocently.
“Thank you, Aang.” Katara said with a proud smile.
“Ugh, you two are gross.” Toph said, making a gagging motion.
“Aang, you only liked the soup because it had no meat in it.” Sokka pointed out. He'd
unsheathed his boomerang, twisting it lovingly in his hands. “Which, I might add, is a
travesty.”
“None of my food ever has meat in it!” The Avatar cried, horrified by the implication.
“That’s murder.”
“Oh yeah, flaunt your moral compass at us, oh wise and omnipotent Avatar.” Sokka grinned,
using his boomerang to point at Avatar Aang. “If I'm evil because I like a succulent rabaroo
steak every now and then, so be it. This is the price we pay for delicacy.”
Katara scoffed. “By ‘every now and then’ do you mean constantly, all the time, every day?”
Tomkin let himself laugh, watching the group’s easy banter and slotting himself into it
naturally. Nanook stayed quiet for a while, before getting up, saying he was going to check
on the others. He needed to be alone for a bit.
That night, no words were shared on the matter, but the group of them still wound up laying
their bedrolls in the same room. It was big, ancient, the walls cracked and vines growing over
them. One wall was open as a line of columns, looking out into the ravine, but another wall
held a mural showing three air bison. It was centuries old, the image faded and weathered,
but it was still here. And in front of it, lit by the glowing embers of a dying campfire, they all
slept together. What with the battle and the stress and that Spirits-awful walk to the temple

cushioned only by Sokka’s insistence they stop momentarily at a small market, Tomkin was
exhausted, and found that, despite his troubled mind, he fell quickly to sleep.
Sokka, however, was wide awake.

Chapter End Notes

TOVAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IROH AND KANUT!!! T O V A H!!!!!! I HAVE BEEN
WAITING FOR TEN FUCKING WEEKS TO REVEAL THIS I HOPE YOU LIKE
HOW IT WENT DOWN SGHSIUDGHISUG I DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT TO SAY
IM REALLY FUCKING EXCITED ABOUT THIS I JUST LOVE HER OKAY

Chapter 24: ii. LUNISOLAR
Chapter Notes

*looks at the 100k hits count* OH?????? Ahem I would like to formally show my
gratitude but idk how so just know I've been walking about the place in literal AWE
over the fact that I am This Honoured.
Oh my fuck the sheer volume of keyboard smashes I received from last chapter was
IMMENSE. Another reason I made this chapter separate (because it’s journey so far has
been: part of ch23, bonus chapter, fuck it just make it ch24 in its own right) is because
what with Tovah and Kanut stealing the show last chapter, I wanted this one to be
distinct from those events. And boy am I glad I did because I could never have
anticipated just how passionate you guys would get about all this. It still astounds me
that you’re all here. Like a statistic like hitting 100k hits is mad enough, but the fact that
those of you that are here are not only present but like fully fucking passionate about the
characters and story?? Bonkers.
anyways this wound up being a fun one to write in the end (which is so ridiculous
because i wrote all of it today bc i procrastinated) so hope you like it. have a lovely
week nerds, don't do anything i wouldn't do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It was only when Colonel Tovah stilled her ostrich-horse at the crest of a steep, jagged hill,
looking down onto a valley dotted with white tents, that Zuko’s mind stopped repeating the
words ‘I was sent by your uncle’ and started questioning the words ‘the Order of the White
Lotus.’ He’d never heard of it before, but the supernova of hearing Uncle Iroh brought up by
someone else, someone who wasn’t made of shadows and lies, had left his mind in a foggy
nebula. He felt cold, distant, and he didn’t know how to react, so he didn’t. He just walked,
holding Zi Se close.
Climbing onto the ostrich-horse had pulled at the too-tight confines of his skin, threatening to
break it as he swallowed a groan, shaking hands gripping the reigns, the looped scars around
his wrists flashing before him. If he didn’t fall off before they got to this camp, it would be a
miracle. And miracles didn’t often happen in Zuko’s life.
Zi Se sat in front of him, caged safely in by Zuko’s arms, his back to Zuko’s chest. Zuko
didn't fall off, not even as the arduous ride saw the moon trudge across the horizon. Its white
gaze stared down on Zuko like a theatre limelight, bathing him in its glow, blinding him. It
hurt but he could hardly tear his eyes away. He wanted to remember the moon. He didn’t
want to forget it when it was taken from him again. (Tui, he almost whispered. They called it
Tui.)

As Zi Se dozed off and as Tovah didn’t bother to make conversation, Zuko was left
abandoned to his thoughts. (As he had been for four months.) (His sanity had been kept in
place by a five-year-old, for fucks sake.) He thought of smooth robes, the clatter of pai sho
tiles, the smell of jasmine tea (Zuko’s favourite) and ginseng tea (his favourite.) A moment of
quiet is good for your mental well-being. Zuko scoffed, earning a look from Tovah. What
about four months of quiet? Was that any good, Uncle?
The camp was small, sat shy of a river weaving through the valley and almost hidden by the
rolling hills of the Earth Kingdom, consisting of a few dozen tents and circled by a tall
bamboo fence.
“We’re here.” Tovah said. Zuko wondered if she was capable of sounding anything but
emotionless as he glared at her.
“Where exactly is here?” He questioned, rousing Zi Se, who blinked in surprise, as if he’d
expected to wake up to the cell’s darkness.
Tovah regarded Zuko for a moment, green eyes narrowing a fraction and making Zuko’s skin
prickle with the memory of Chan’s stare. He didn’t trust this woman. He needed to rest, catch
his breath, eat, but he didn’t trust her. She was probably waiting for him to lower his guard.
She probably didn’t even know Uncle.
“The Order of the White Lotus is an ancient secret society, dedicated to sharing knowledge
across national and political divides.” Tovah said, expression smooth as a blade. “We protect
truth.”
Zuko blinked slowly.
Truth.
Truth.
What a flimsy, subjective thing.
Truth was defined by the person who found it. Truth wasn’t fact-based and it certainly wasn’t
logic-based. Truth was the biggest lie out there. And this camp, this ‘society’, was based
around that? Say they were, and say by association that Tovah was telling the truth about
Iroh, that meant Zuko’s uncle was part of this. How long? Why hadn’t he said anything?
Across national and political divides. That meant unity of the nations. That meant priorities
that weren’t the Fire Nation. That meant scheming for peace behind the Fire Lord’s back.
Was Uncle a traitor?
(No.)
(Zuko didn’t care.)
(Traitor or not, Zuko didn’t care.)

(Zi Se and Fong were what Zuko cared about.) (No more, no less.)
Zi Se, as if feeling Zuko’s sharp intake of breath, brushed his fingers against Zuko’s arm, and
Zuko looked down at his expectant face.
“What’s going on?” Zi Se whispered, and Zuko had never realised the extent of Zi Se’s
quietness until now. Layered with the gentle breeze, the sound of the forest, even the distant
sounds of the camp, Zi Se’s words were no more than a breath.
The kid needed food, rest, a healer. They weren’t safe, but they were away from Fong, and
that meant these impossibilities were now within reach again.
“It’s okay, we’re just gonna stay here a while.” Zuko said, eyeing the camp below them, then
turning his glare on Tovah, who still watched like everything he did was something to study.
If she caught his shift in tone, his insistence of clarifying that their stay here would be
temporary, then she didn’t comment on it, instead digging her heels into the ribs of her
ostrich-horse and setting off down the hill.
“When your ship went down, your uncle was told by the crew that you’d probably drowned.
No one saw for sure if the Water Tribe got you." Tovah said, assuming Zuko was following,
and it infuriated him that he was, though that frustration was quickly drowned by the
paralysing wave of simple shock that struck him. He hadn’t expected to suddenly be
reminded of that day on the Erlong. He hadn’t been prepared to remember that. Not here. Not
like this. He pushed it down. He didn’t smell the salty waves or feel blood dribbling between
his shoulder blades or see a once terrifying warrior turned nuisance turned fragile friend
turned stranger. None of it mattered.
“Well, they did.” Zuko said, tone moody and betraying nothing.
“Indeed.” Tovah said. “But even without that certainty, Iroh still searched for you. Initially,
he hoped you fell into the water and swam to shore. He alerted all nearby White Lotus agents,
me included, and he would have searched the entire Earth Kingdom if he had to. When I
informed Iroh that Chief Hakoda told General Fong,” Tovah thankfully missed how Zuko’s
entire body tensed, his ostrich-horse jerking slightly, “that you were headed to Ba Sing Se,
Iroh believed it, and that’s where he went. He wrote me a letter before he was arrested. I
suspect he knew something bad might happen.”
Tovah pulled her ostrich-horse to face Zuko just as they reached the bottom of the hill, the
camp’s looming bamboo fence stood a few metres away. Her green eyes held Zuko still and
he found his breath catching in his lungs, not daring to infiltrate the elongated silence
between them.
“He asked me to help him, if things turned out like this.” Tovah said slowly, a breeze stirring
her hair and making Zuko grip Zi Se close. “I will bring him back to the camp, but he made
himself very clear. You are my priority, and I will keep you safe.”
She wasn’t the type of person to declare such a thing, Zuko could tell that much. Even from
his short time with Tovah, Zuko had seen she was cold and calculated and unempathetic. It
should have made it mean more then, that despite that, she would still keep him safe. But

Zuko didn’t believe her. Or rather, he didn’t believe it. Tovah wasn’t the issue; safety was.
He’d never seen it, not truly.
Truth and safety.
This whole camp was looking to be a fucking fallacy.
Zuko and Zi Se were allocated one of the white tents near the river. Tovah left them not long
after they arrived, saying she’d bring them food and give them a chance to settle down.
Solitude was a small mercy; Zuko knew that. It seemed him and the Colonel both had a deep
understanding of the world’s cruelty, and even if she didn’t care about him past Iroh, she at
least knew that before he looked at his injuries, or quenched his thirst, or even ate, Zuko first
just needed a moment of quiet.
He escaped.
Him and Zi Se escaped.
And that was a lot to take in.
“I like her.” Zi Se said quietly. He'd entered the tent with an adroitness Zuko’s own posture,
tense and ready for something, lacked, surveying the simple layout and running young fingers
against the tarp. Two bedrolls, some fresh clothes, and nothing else. Impersonalised. Still, it
was the height of luxury compared to a bloody floor and grey prison tunics.
Zuko had been stood at the tent’s entrance, trying to put off going inside and abandoning the
sky that he only just got back, but Zi Se’s words shook him back to reality. He walked
forward, kneeling in front of him. Like this, they were the same height.
“I need you to promise me something, Zi Se.” Zuko whispered, almost desperate.
Zi Se frowned, holding his necklace. “What?”
“Promise me that you won’t trust anyone here, you understand?” Zuko said, resisting the urge
to check over his shoulder in favour of staring Zi Se down, ensuring he was listening. “No
matter what they tell you, don’t trust them. It's me and you, kid. They-.” Zuko cut himself off,
suddenly choking on the words. He'd been promised safety before and it had died screaming.
He wouldn’t let Tovah’s falsehoods lure Zi Se into the same fate.
“These people can’t keep you safe.” Zuko finally breathed, carding his fingers gently through
Zi Se’s hair. “Not like I can.”
Zi Se stared at him for a long moment, before nodding. “I promise I won’t trust them.” He
said, wrapping his arms around Zuko’s neck, leaning against him as he had every night for
four months. (A promise; the currency of children.) Zuko held him close without hesitation,
and Zi Se smelt of dirt and old blood, but he was here, he was tangible. So many shadows
from Zuko’s past had been set ablaze tonight, ignited for the first time in months, but Zi Se
was the only one who was actually here. There was a deeper meaning to that, Zuko knew. Zi
Se couldn’t trust anyone, but neither could Zuko. (He refused to be burnt again.)

“Lee?” Zi Se asked timidly, pulling back, twisting his necklace around his fingers. “Did
Lanse go to the farm?”
The question was like a slap to the face; a flash of surprise, and then an aching pain. Zuko
had lied about Lanse in the hopes Zi Se’s curiosity would disappear, in the hopes someone
would fix it for him, but Zi Se was five, not stupid. Telling him Lanse was in another cell
worked when they were at Fong’s base, but now, they were at the White Lotus camp, and
Lanse still wasn’t here.
“What farm?” Zuko asked carefully, feeling very suddenly like he was playing the game this
camp was named for. Pai sho was a tactical game; you had to predict your opponent. If Zuko
didn’t get this right now, he could break Zi Se’s heart.
But how do you explain death to a child?
“We used to have a pet fire ferret called Boo. Well, he was my aunt’s.” Zi Se said, rubbing his
nose as he sniffled a little. “And he got super old and slow, and Auntie Ichika said he wasn’t
very happy. And then one day,” Zi Se’s eyebrows furrowed; a universal expression of the
child who doesn’t understand why things are the way they are just yet, “Boo was gone. She
said he went to a real nice farm where he was happy, but he wasn’t coming back.”
Zuko paled, realising exactly what happened to Boo even if Zi Se didn’t quite get it yet,
realising in turn what Zi Se was asking him about Lanse. Zuko had never been sheltered from
death. His father believed it was something everyone had to come to terms with, and that it
was cowardly to hide from it. Zuko saw a man be executed when he was Zi Se’s age, and
Mother had gripped his shoulder firmly to ensure he didn’t look away. Father would know if
he looked away.
The thing was, Zuko knew Zi Se could handle the truth, but he shouldn’t have to. And
because Zuko had been forced to, he was more adamant than ever that Zi Se hold onto his
youth, his innocence. Whatever was left of it, at least.
“Your aunt was right about the farm.” Zuko said quietly, sitting on one of the bedrolls and
pulling Zi Se into his arms. “It’s... It’s real nice, and Boo will be there."
“With Lanse?”
Zuko swallowed. “With Lanse.”
“So I won’t see him again? Not ever?” Zi Se asked, words choked, almost scared of the
answer. Zuko held him tighter, even when small hands pushed at him. This was how they
met, all that millennia ago.
“I’m so sorry, kid.” Zuko pressed a kiss to the crown of Zi Se’s head, his hair coarse and
dark, tickling Zuko's nose. For a few more seconds, Zi Se pushed at Zuko, before deflating
like all the life had left him, slumping against Zuko’s chest. That was when he began to cry,
and Zuko hadn’t seen him cry in so long that it was almost a relief. It was a loud sort of
anguish, the hitched sobs of a child feeling pain they’re too small to carry, and Zuko could do

nothing but hold Zi Se close. He tired himself out soon enough, falling into a hiccupping
sleep on Zuko’s lap.
Zuko stayed on guard, refusing to give into the exhaustion that threatened to drown him. He
didn’t trust Tovah or this camp, and Zi Se was the most precious thing in the world. It was
Zuko’s job to protect him, and he’d do so with every inch of his broken body.
____
Sokka had spent the first night at the Western Air Temple wide awake, and was up and about
the moment he heard the rhythmic breathing of those around him indicating that the group
were fast asleep. This behaviour was unusual for a number of reasons. Reason number 1:
tiptoeing around your sleeping friends in search of a secret lair is usually considered
abnormal. Reason number 2: Sokka was a growing boy who needed his beauty sleep, and
aforementioned sneaking was interrupting that. And finally, reason number 3: Sokka was
hiding something from the others. Sokka was hiding something from Katara. They were
supposed to tell each other everything, but on a few rare occasions, her position as his baby
sister surpassed her position as his best friend.
He could hardly embroil his baby sister in a prison break now, could he?
His secret lair wound up being on one of the temple’s highest floors, at the very end of the
corridor. It was a small, dilapidated old room, half of the stone swallowed up by the ravine. It
smelt of mould in here, and Sokka was highly concerned about the structural stability, but
despite that, it was positioned in such a way that he could hear anyone coming down the
corridor by the loud echo their footsteps made, and it looked out from the cliff-face in such a
way that no one could see him in here from below.
It was perfect.
“Okay.” Sokka said, flexing his fingers, talking to shadows and a single, glowing candle.
“Let’s do this.”
He began to unpack scrolls from his bag, scrolls he’d kept hidden beneath his personal stash
of seal jerky – that he’d added an impromptu lock to since Tomkin arrived with a penchant
for them – and splayed them out on the floor until he was surrounded by them. It felt like
parchment carpeted the entire room except the space Sokka took up, and he couldn’t help the
excited grin that lit up his face in the glow of the candle.
Phase 1 of Sokka’s Brilliant Fuck The Fire Nation I’m Too Young To Be A Vigilante But I’ll
Do It Anyway plan was complete. He'd convinced the others to stop at a market on their way
to the Western Air Temple, and tried not to be offended by how easily they were convinced
that he just wanted food. Nobody even questioned it, and off Sokka went. Unfortunately, he
didn’t get any food, because the moment he scurried away from Appa and Nanook’s
narrowed gaze, he began to ask around. He did an excellent job, even if he did say so himself.
Not being suspicious while asking Fire Nation citizens about their nation’s various prisons
was, shockingly, rather difficult, but no one seemed to suspect anything. It seemed Sokka’s
love of literature had made an actor of him. Kanut would pull his hair out at even the thought.

He got told a lot of information and wrote as much of it down as he could, and then one
friendly-by-Fire-Nation-standards couple pointed him to a man who sold maps, and it wasn’t
even a little bit infuriating that Sokka and the others had once risked being eaten by a giant
knowledge spirit in order to get a map of the Fire Nation yet this merchant was simply selling
them like they were as common as moon peaches, not at all. So now, Sokka had a plethora of
information surrounding him, and knew of at least ten Fire Nation prisons.
But his dad could only be in one of them, and finding out which one was phase 2 of Sokka’s
plan.
By their second night at the temple, Sokka had narrowed his search down to three prisons.
Shuhon Prison, Capital City Prison, and Tui and La forbid, a horrific looking prison called
the Boiling Rock, like that wasn’t ominous.
Shuhon Prison was located on the coast of Shuhon Island. When Team Avatar were there,
Sokka and Toph had almost singlehandedly increased the capital’s shadow market with their
scams, and it was also where Sokka got Hawky. Happy times, Sokka reminisced.
The prison itself didn’t look too foreboding, and everything Sokka read about it told him that,
while it was for serious offenders, it wasn’t the kind of place a Chief would be sent. The rest
of the warriors maybe, hence Sokka highlighting it, but not Hakoda.
Capital City Prison seemed equally unlikely, as it was reserved almost solely for Fire
Nationers, hence its proximity to the heart of the nation. Sokka mainly set this one aside
because he didn’t want to come to terms with where he was being pointed, but as he sat in his
secret lair one morning, the sunrise washing in, he knew it was an inevitable conclusion.
Sokka had weeded through so much information in order to narrow it down to these three
prisons; he knew it was one of them. And if it wasn’t Shuhon Prison, and it wasn’t Capital
City Prison, that only left one other option.
An option that had been described as a prison sat in a literal boiling lake, a place of
damnation, a place where people went in and never came out, a place that one townsperson
had told Sokka was impregnable.
Sokka stared at the makeshift file he’d created on the Boiling Rock prison, and found himself
once again wondering what he’d done in a past life to make the universe hate him this much.
____
Zuko and Zi Se’s tent was positioned in such a way that when the sun rose, it ignited the river
in a palette of oranges and yellows, mere metres from the tent’s entrance. Zuko had been at
the White Lotus camp for three days now, and this was the first time he’d woken up for the
sunrise. His sleep was a fragmented, battered thing. He felt like he was freefalling, spinning
out of control as his body tried to stabilise, tried to reconnect and hold still while everything
spun around him. After four months of being severed from Agni and in turn hardly sleeping,
it was a wonder Zuko managed to drift off at all, and then, it was a wonder he woke up. But
he did. Every time, his eyes would blink open again, and he’d feel his heart in his throat
every time he was met with darkness, and every time, he was still here. (He waited for it to be
a dream, or a particularly cruel nightmare.) (But it was real, it was real, it was real.)

And now, he found himself sat on the river bank. Zi Se was sleeping and Zuko was trying not
to implode. He'd wrapped his arms around himself, clutching hard enough that he hissed
when his bruised ribs sang with pain. There had been a healer that visited him and Zi Se
yesterday. Zuko hadn’t let the man come near him, but he knew Zi Se needed to be checked
over, and he watched closely, ready to intervene. The healer had seemed attentive, and he
made jokes that made Zi Se laugh, and when he finally turned to Zuko, he looked relieved.
“He’s malnourished, but that’s something we can fix with a week or two of a good diet.” The
healer had said, and Zuko remembered the man’s worried frown when Zi Se had taken his
tunic off to reveal protruding ribs and jumping collarbones.
“He needs rest, and his vitamin levels are low, but he’s not got any injuries to speak of. I'm
astounded, honestly.” The healer had said, looking to Zuko like he was a puzzle that needed
solving. Zuko hardly noticed, almost choking on his sigh of relief. He'd lost everything to
protect Zi Se in that cell, taking every beating and harsh word and interrogation with the
knowledge that it kept Zi Se safe for a little longer. Spider didn’t pick on Zi Se much, but he
wouldn’t have hesitated to hurt him if Zi Se drew his eye. (He hadn’t hesitated to hurt Lanse.)
“I’m also a little concerned about him chewing that necklace so much.” The healer said. Zi
Se had gone to the other corner of the tent by now, and was, as always, fiddling with his
necklace.
“Why? He always does that.” Zuko said, caught off guard and a little aggravated the healer
was focussing on something so mundane.
“You ever wondered why?” The healer had asked, raising an eyebrow, and he looked
suddenly so smug, like he was better than Zuko, like he could do a better job of taking care of
Zi Se. But he wasn’t there when Zuko swallowed his terror to yell at Spider, taking his
punches and trying not to look pained so Zi Se wouldn’t worry so much. He wasn’t there
when Zuko pushed every instinct down in order to give Zi Se most of the food, even after
he’d fought for it, even though he was starving. He wasn’t there when Zuko held Zi Se back
as his own brother was torn from him, screaming and sobbing.
The healer wasn’t there, and he thought he could lecture Zuko?
“I just think, what with a poor diet and bad sanitary conditions, it might be likely that he has
some tooth decay, and that he uses the necklace for the pain-.”
“Yeah, well I think he’s been a bit too fucking busy to worry about dental health.” Zuko
snarled, and his glare had been venomous.
“I just think-.”
“I think you should leave it alone.” Zuko cut the healer off, and the healer must have finally
heard Zuko’s tone, because he sighed in defeat. (Perhaps he recognised that Zuko was taking
that comment personally, not that Zuko would show it.)
Zuko took a deep breath. Zi Se came first, always. He’d swallow his hatred of this man if it
meant taking care of the kid. A breath in. A breath out. Meditative. It felt vacant without his

chi responding to it.
“And what about, you know,” Zuko tapped his head, speaking quieter, "mentally?"
The healer was silent a moment, flicking a glance to Zi Se, before walking. Zuko followed
him outside.
“That child may not have physically undergone much violence, but he still witnessed things I
can’t even begin to imagine.” The healer had said, voice sad, pitying. “It will affect him. I
dare say it will affect him in unpredictable ways. But the thing about children,” the healer
worked his jaw, as if struggling with the words, as if he didn’t know whether this was a good
thing or not, “is that when they undergo such great trauma at such a young age, their minds
tend to block it out. I think, Your Highness, that he won’t have much memory of any of this
in a few year's time.”
Zuko stared, stomach turning like it had done for his first few weeks at sea, when he was
thirteen and in pain. Now, seventeen and crippled by inanition, he couldn’t help but frown. It
didn’t seem right that a child forget an entire chunk of their childhood, especially because of
something horrific, but it seemed worse that Zi Se be burdened with it. He deserved to be
able to forget this. Zuko’s discomfort didn’t come from admitting that, it came from
something else. There was an eagle-hawk in his chest still, organic and restless, and he was
beginning to realise that it hatched a long, long time ago. As Zuko thought of Zi Se forgetting
all this pain and darkness and fear, as Zuko knew he himself would never be allowed such a
mercy, he felt claws in his marrow, a sharp, bloody beak tearing down his sternum. It would
rip him apart if it meant it could escape.
With these thoughts flying through his head, he barely heard what the healer said next.
Something about wanting to check Zuko over too, but Zuko never agreed to that. He was just
fine. He was fine, he was fine, he was fine. His wounds would heal with or without the
healer’s ridiculous observations. The pain was bearable. He could handle it. Zuko's body was
very good at being broken. Hurting was his natural state.
But the healer was worried, said Zuko’s burns needed salve, cuts needed stitches, mind
needed rest, or else they’d heal wrong and scar or get infected or both. Scarred was also
Zuko’s natural state.
The healer should have quit while he was ahead. Instead, he reached forward. Tovah had
arrived not long after to tell Zuko off. The camp only had one healer, and he now had a
broken arm.
Except when Tovah emerged outside Zuko’s tent, she didn’t look angry, or… or anything.
She didn’t bring up the healer. She simply told Zuko that they’d managed to get new
information on the recently failed invasion. Zuko didn’t know why she was telling him, but
still, her gaze was steady. Fong is being sent to the Boiling Rock prison, she’d said, I just
thought you should know.
Zuko didn’t care. That was a general statement. If he didn’t care, it couldn’t hurt him, and
that was the adage he lived by these days. If he focussed on Zi Se, he didn’t have to focus on
himself. It was cowardly, he knew that. But there was so much pain, and he didn’t know if he

could handle any more. Perhaps this was what happened when humans reach their limit; they
simply ceased. He wasn’t dead, but he wasn’t exactly alive. He was a ghost haunting his own
body, a headline traced over again and again until it faded into incoherency and memory,
though the two were one and the same. Zi Se would be able to forget what happened. Zuko
would always remember. (And he didn’t care.)
(He didn’t care.)
(He didn’t care.)
Except now, Zuko was sat on the riverbank watching the sunrise, and it was hard not to care
when he was witnessing Agni rise before him, and it was the most beautiful thing he’d seen
in years.
It wasn’t a particularly good sunrise, and compared to the thousands Zuko had seen, it would
normally be forgettable, tainted by clouds and the steel grey sky that threatened bad weather.
But the way the red bled onto the river, dancing over the waves, yellow blushing across the
freckled sky, all of it golden - it was incandescent and primordial and overwhelming. And as
it unfolded before Zuko, he breathed in deep, and the air didn’t feel like it caught on
anything. He still felt like he was being crushed by a weight he couldn’t name, torn apart
from the inside out by a pest he couldn’t place, but for that moment, he could at least breathe.
The sky was on fire and Zuko was allowed to see it, and his lips curled into the smallest smile
as he turned his face towards the sun, eyes fluttering shut. It was just so warm, so there, and
something stirred deep in his gut. The sky dripped onto his skin like honey, lighting his pale,
shaking hands, and he focussed on that heat. Small as a candleflame, but present. He reached
deep down, breathing cleanly and fully, focussing, and there it was.
A spark.
“What are you doing?” Zi Se’s groggy voice sounded and Zuko jumped. His mind clocked
that it was Zi Se approaching, but his body still reacted, and he was on his feet before Zi Se
had even left the tent.
“It’s early, you should go back to bed." Zuko said, ignoring Zi Se’s question and ignoring his
heart’s sporadic pace. Zi Se looked a little perplexed, and Zuko frowned, sitting back on the
riverbank and waiting. Sure enough, Zi Se wordlessly sat by his side, crossing his legs.
“What’s wrong?" Zuko asked softly.
Zi Se threw moody looks at the river like it had personally offended him. “Had a nightmare.”
He muttered, and the fragility of his voice told Zuko just how shaken Zi Se was over this.
“What about?”
It went quiet for a few seconds, but the two of them had built their entire relationship around
quietness. Zuko just waited, knowing Zi Se, like he did, struggled finding the right words
sometimes.

“Lots of things." Zi Se finally said, his lower lip wobbling a little. “I was back in the cell, and
the General took you away, just like they took Lanse.”
Zuko sucked in a breath, hands clenching into fists. When Zi Se looked up at him, his amber
eyes were glassy, tears welling in the corners.
“I’m so scared.” Zi Se whispered, rubbing his face with his sleeve, but all it did was knock
away a few stray tears that were now coming heavier and quicker. “I keep thinking he’s
gonna find us and take us back. I don’t wanna go back.”
Zi Se was losing it now, the sort of childish tantrum Zuko vaguely remembered Azula having
before she learnt that children are to be seen and not heard. But when Azula was upset, she
burned things and became cruel. Zi Se just cried, and it broke Zuko’s heart.
“Hey,” Zuko hushed, grabbing Zi Se’s hand and holding it tight, “I told you I'd keep you safe,
didn’t I? Fong will never get us. Not again.”
“Promise?” Zi Se asked, and it stopped Zuko short.
It stopped him short because he realised he couldn’t actually promise that. He himself had
thought he’d seen Fong's cruel eyes in the shadows, heard his horrible laughter echoing
through the valley. Fong was out there. Tovah had told him their little invasion had failed (the
Fire Nation was undefeatable; Zuko had hardly blinked at the news) and now Fong was a
prisoner at the Boiling Rock, but if he was alive, he was a threat. Zi Se and Fong, Zuko had
said time and time again that those two were his priorities. Tovah had handed him his sword
and he had chosen not to use it, but what if he didn’t have a choice? He’d known he wanted
to make Fong pay, but until now, it had been in a ‘if I ever see him again’ sense. Apathy was
safe. Choosing to do nothing was safe. But Zi Se came first. Zi Se came first and Zi Se was
scared and Zi Se was asking Zuko to promise him something that Zuko couldn’t promise.
How could he look this kid in the eye and vow to protect him when deep down he was letting
a threat live?
Zuko felt sick suddenly, pulling away from Zi Se and letting his head fall into his hands.
This wasn’t supposed to happen. He was supposed to have escaped the violence. He was
supposed to be free.
But Zi Se came first.
“Lee?” Zi Se asked, eyes worried now, hand pulling on Zuko’s sleeve.
“We need to talk about that.” Zuko husked, not lifting his head. “My name isn’t Lee.”
“Yes, it is.” Zi Se said, frowning, and Zuko almost laughed at the bluntness of it.
“No,” Zuko looked up, “it isn’t.”
“Well, if you aren’t called Lee, then what are you called?” Zi Se seemed more confused by
the second.

Zuko swallowed the lump in his throat. “Zuko. Prince Zuko, or I used to be.”
Zi Se stared. The seconds became minutes, and Zi Se continued to stare. He was smarter than
most kids his age, and Zuko definitely wasn’t biased, but this seemed to have stumped him.
“So,” Zi Se said slowly, “you lied. And you’re gonna be Fire Lord?” Then his eyes widened,
and he grinned. “Are you actually gonna make a turtleduck holiday?”
Zuko choked out a laugh, surprising himself and feeling like he’d just received a minor
electric shock. He’d expected Zi Se to be angry, but it seemed another benefit of youth was
ease of acceptance. Another thing Zi Se got that Zuko didn’t.
“If you behave, I'll think about it.” Zuko said, lifting his chin, and Zi Se gasped.
“No fair!” He cried, getting to his feet so he was an inch taller than Zuko, stumbling against
him. Zuko mockingly let himself fall, back against the grass and Zi Se on his chest.
“Aha!” Zi Se yelled, a smile splitting his face. “I’ve beaten the Fire Prince!”
“I’m being attacked by a vicious warrior!” Zuko laughed, arms wrapping around Zi Se and
holding the giggling kid close.
Agni stood before them, and for that short moment, their shadows fell behind them.
____
“Stop right there.”
Sokka froze in the temple’s arched entrance, bag clutched in his arms, at the sound of
Nanook’s quiet but authoritative voice. Or rather command, seeing as he was in charge. The
others were sat around the campfire, and Sokka had excused himself to go work on ’battle
plans’ like he had done every day for four days now. Nanook, however, had decided now was
the perfect time for a conversation.
Sokka felt very much like a fish seconds away from being netted, but nevertheless, he turned
and gave the now staring group his most charming smile, which was very charming indeed.
“What’s up?” He asked, clearing his throat. No, his voice didn’t crack.
Nanook narrowed his eyes at him, always scarily observant. "You’re sneaking off again.” He
said simply.
“He was?” Tomkin asked, bewildered as he finally lifted his head from his rice, but when
Nanook shot him a serious glare, he connected the dots, nodding furiously; “I mean, yes, he
was. Definitely. Very sneaky.”
Putting Nanook in charge made sense. For as much as Sokka bitched about it, and he bitched
about it a lot, Nanook was still four whole years older than him, and had first-hand
experience in the war that was different to Sokka’s, and he was generally a mature and
sensible person.

It was putting Tomkin in charge as well that bothered Sokka.
Sokka had gotten on just fine. He'd been the one to wrangle the group together, keep them on
course, on schedule, keep them alive, this entire time, and instead of seeing that, Hakoda
completely ignored it, side-lining Sokka in favour of Tomkin. Don't get him wrong, Sokka
loved Tomkin and Nanook, but no amount of love could make Tomkin less of an idiot. His
skills lay in other realms, and leadership simply wasn’t one of those realms.
“I’m not sneaking anywhere.” Sokka argued, feigning offence.
“To be fair, Snoozles,” Toph said, using a twig to pick between her toes - which was gross, by
the way, “you have been slinking off a lot lately. You better not be up to something.”
“I do not slink anywhere. I stride, and I do so with boldness and elegance.” Sokka said with a
proud jerk of his chin.
Katara didn’t look up from the water she was casually bending around her fingers. “Sokka,
we all ate lunch late today because you knocked over the first batch of rice.”
Sokka scoffed. “It’s not my fault you left it out like that!” Stabbed in the back, and by his
own sister. The treachery.
“So if you’re not sneaking or slinking or whatever,” Aang asked with an innocent smile,
“then what are you doing? Is everything alright?”
Because of course that’s what Aang would worry about.
But everything was not alright, because last night Sokka finalised that there was no way he
could ignore the fact that his father had quite clearly been taken to the Boiling Rock. Today,
Sokka was going to push everything else away, and he was going to accept it. That was how
his brain worked. He clocked all the possible threads, tied them in all the possible ways, and
when he came to a knot, he instantly tried to work around it. But sometimes, the only option
was the hard option; to untie it. For an analytical mind, focussing on a task like that was near
impossible while his brain screamed at him that there had to be another way, so Sokka
sometimes had to do this. He'd sit with the information before him, he’d think it over one last
time, and then he’d agree to the plan he’d conjured.
The moment he silently gave himself the all-clear, the plan became set in stone and there
wasn’t a person on earth who could stop him from giving it his all.
Yeah, it was a big deal.
So no, Aang, Sokka was very much not alright.
“I’m just going for a walk! Spirits, you guys nag worse than-.” Sokka cut off his exasperated
yell right before he said Tulok, the resident worrier amongst warriors, but Tomkin and
Nanook both still flinched, knowing exactly what he was going to say. Sokka swallowed
down the uncomfortable twist his stomach did in favour of storming off. Storming. Not
slinking.

He barely made it a few steps before he heard someone behind him.
“Katara, I’m fine-.” Sokka whirled around, but instead of the steadily concerned stare of his
sister, he was met with Nanook’s calm expression.
Sokka rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, certain he was about to get a berating for
snapping at everyone, but instead, Nanook’s gaze softened.
“You know,” Nanook said, and Sokka had never heard his voice sound so timid, “I get you
want to pull back. The invasion was a heavy blow for all of us, but I know you, Sokka. I
know you’re taking it personally.”
Sokka tensed, remembering how his father watched them leave, leaning against Bato,
remembering how proud he’d looked, how helpless Sokka had felt. This was Sokka's
mistake, so he had to be the one to fix it.
“I should’ve done more, or made us retreat sooner.” Sokka mumbled, unable to keep the
frustration from his words. The truth was, Sokka was enraged with himself. He worked on his
plans at night because it was easier to keep them secret that way, but he also worked on them
at night because every time he closed his eyes, he pictured what the other warriors were
going through. He wasn’t like Aang and Toph, or even Katara. He was old enough to know
what happened to people in this war, and his mind flogged him with images of anguish and
pain. The only other people here who understood were Tomkin and Nanook, and Sokka had
been so excited to reignite their friendship, to be with people his age, really his age, as in
finally not younger than him, but now they were here, and they were... off. He could
penetrate their friendship on a surface level, but it had a massiveness to it now, a complexity.
Sometimes, someone would say something, and Tomkin would shoot Nanook a look, and
Nanook would tap his finger, and they’d have an entire conversation right there. Without
Sokka.
Sokka was hiding something, but they were too.
“This is about more than the invasion, isn’t it?” Nanook asked suddenly, and Tui and La, he
was staring at Sokka’s bag. It was a very nice bag, in fairness. Sokka had bought it in Gaoling
right before they met Toph. It was green and coincidentally matched the Earth Rumble
victor’s belt, and had golden stitching and-.
Yeah, that wasn’t relevant, and Sokka wasn’t panicking, and Nanook definitely wasn’t staring
because he liked the bag.
“I’m fine, Nan. Really.” Sokka said, and quickly turned to leave, but Nanook’s hand shot out,
grabbing him by the arm and stilling him in a firm grip.
“You know, a while back,” Nanook said, eyes wide, voice quiet, like he was stepping on
breaking ice, like he didn’t know how to manoeuvre himself, “a friend of mine kept saying
stuff like that, and he wound up hurting himself and the people around him. Shoving your
feelings away doesn’t fix things, Sokka.”

Sokka shrugged off his grip, faking a dry laugh to hide his stinging confusion. “Thanks, but I
struggle to believe Tomkin ever lied about his feelings.”
It was quiet for a second.
“Tomkin.” Nanook repeated slowly, before blinking. “Yeah, Tomkin.”
Weird, Sokka thought, very, very weird. But he didn’t have time for this. He'd spent four days
planning, and as necessary as they were, they’d still dragged. Now, it was time for action, and
he couldn’t get away from Nanook quick enough, striding – not slinking – down the corridor
and running the moment he was around the corner.
He had to get his dad.
He had to fix what he’d done.
He had to keep his family safe.
____
One of the things Tovah told Zuko when they first arrived was that Iroh had salvaged a lot of
possessions from the wreck of the Erlong, and it was all kept in a tent on the edge of camp, if
Zuko wanted to go there. Zuko, more than almost anything, did not want to go there. He kept
his emotions trapped in a fragile cage; bringing up old memories from a simpler time, the
time before, would do nothing but slot a key in the lock. Tovah must have known this,
because she smiled coldly before taking Zuko’s Dao from him. Apparently, carrying weapons
around the camp was frowned upon, as they were so fond of peace. No matter, Tovah had
said, I’ll put it with the rest of your things.
Zuko had woken up with every sunrise since that first one, and that spark he’d felt had only
grown stronger. He kindled it, coddled it, and begged it to come back to him, but all the fire
did was whisper weakly back. A dead thing. Or rather, a dying thing.
He'd need more if he was going to face Fong.
If, he tried to remind himself, because while his mind had pushed to that conclusion, he still
reeled from it, from the thought of having to be anywhere near that monster ever again. But
fear was just a feeling, and Zuko pushed it away.
Fear was just a feeling, and this tent held only objects. Neither could hurt him.
Zuko took a steadying breath and walked inside.
The tent was white, like all the tents here, and tiny, reserved for storage rather than living.
The first thing Zuko noticed, though, was the shadows. They reared up the tarp, ran along the
dirt, ravaged the light into something incomprehensible, and scattered amongst them were
Zuko’s things.
Mother always used to smell of roses. She spent a lot of time in her garden; it was one of the
palace’s few solaces. She grew plum blossoms and moon peaches and lilies and tulips, and

the petals would cling to her robes and sometimes fall onto Zuko’s face like gentle rain. But
her favourites were the roses, of which she had only a small patch, in the farthest corner of
the garden. Red roses, blooming like stains of blood, thorned and angry. She planted them
first, before Zuko was born, and she sometimes talked to them in a hushed, sad voice. Once,
Zuko heard her call them Ikem. He suspected she planted them to remember someone, but she
never told him who. She just cared for them like they were rubies, not flowers, and the scent
of them clung to her, battling the other fragrances and filling her touch with the smell of
roses.
When she left, Zuko remembered her in vivid ways. She had black hair. She had gold eyes.
She squeezed him twice every time she hugged him. Physical things like that haunted him,
and even now, all these years later, he remembered them clearly enough to have seen her
yesterday.
But once, when he was fourteen, he’d been searching the Earth Kingdom for the Avatar when
he’d come across a rose bush, and the scent had slammed into him, because he’d forgotten
that Mother used to smell of roses until that exact moment.
That same déjà vu, that sickening disorientation, that punch of nostalgia that hurt more than
healed, struck Zuko now, because in this tent were things he’d forgotten to even remember.
A scrap of metal from the Erlong’s hull, and Zuko remembered the way the sun’s rays danced
specifically on the dull metal, different to how it bounced straight off the clean shine of
Zhao’s ships, instead almost absorbing into the hull. Sometimes, it would look like the Erlong
was burning.
A sash of red from a crewman’s uniform, and Zuko remembered the pinched faces of his
crew. What do you know about respect? A Lieutenant’s anger, snarled and scathing. What
should I expect from a spoiled Prince?
A teapot with the spout broken off, and Zuko remembered sitting restlessly through stupid pai
sho games, playing blindly so he could lose quickly, suffering through proverbs. He never
refused to play though. Not once.
A banjo in the corner and a book on past Avatars covered in dust and a golden armband and
all of a sudden the tent felt like it was falling down on Zuko, every breath he gasped making
the fabric of it catch in his mouth, down his throat, into his lungs. Choking on these lifeless
things, these hollow things, these gone things.
Agni, he wanted it back. He wanted it all back.
It was all him, the Zuko he used to be. He wasn’t perfect; he’d never been perfect. He was a
Fire Prince and he was angry and confused, but he was ignorant. He missed that. He craved
that ignorance, that naivety. He wanted to reach into the bowels of these memories and grip
himself by the shoulders. Something awful is coming, he wanted to scream, something
horrible, and it’s going to ruin you. But he was just screaming underwater, doing nothing but
sending himself further down. He came here for his sword but all he’d done was throw an
anchor into the past, dragging along the ocean bed of his mind, memories disrupting in
clouds of sand. And he was choking on it all. The shadows twisted behind each new object,

and they were here, and they were created by his own hand, but also... also by someone
else’s.
Fong did this to him. Fong took his mind and mutilated it into something he didn’t recognise.
Fong did this to him and apathy wasn’t working because Fong was still out there and Zi Se
wasn’t safe and Zuko needed to fucking choose.
He needed to choose.
He couldn’t be on the fence. He couldn’t be nothing.
And there was his sword, still in its scabbard, half-shadowed and half-lit by the daylight that
filtered through the tent’s entrance.
Zuko remembered the last time he properly held his swords. One half of him was buried in
the sand of a beach near Gaoling, the other half of him had been used to wildly fight off Oro.
Four months later, and Zuko was neither of the boys he’d been that night. Like his
firebending, this was another thing he’d detached himself from, but he wasn’t the boy turned
wreckage in this tent either. He was something new, and his firebending would come back,
and he had to choose.
Zuko would kill Fong.
Whatever it took, he would get what was owed to him, even if he had to go to the Boiling
Rock himself, tearing it down brick by brick. He'd get what was owed to him. Time; a life.
He would ensure Zi Se could never be hurt by that man ever again. He'd make the world safer
for them both.
Fong and Zi Se.
Fong, for Zi Se.
It was like throwing kindling on a fire. Everything in him suddenly flared, and he felt it all,
felt the burning, the shrivel of old skin charring into something new, something stronger.
Zuko felt hatred in every sinew, every nerve, every drop of blood. He breathed this hate and
he lived this hate. This was the option he chose, and there was no going back now, and with
his heart thundering in his ears, he shakily held up his hand.
He inhaled, it clicked in with his chi, it flowed with the rush and burn of this bitterness, and
he concentrated it on his hand. A single flame from a single hand should have been easy, but
it wasn’t.
Zuko thought of Fong’s agonising gaze, thought of his hair in his fist, thought of his skin
breaking again and again and again, thought of how he’d begged, screamed, prayed for
clemency, thought of how it never came.
Zuko, hateful.
Zuko, vengeful.

He curled his fingers, and a flame burst from his skin, and as it seethed in his palm, it was
blue.
Zuko, burning.
____
Yue was beautiful tonight as she lit up the temple, throwing Sokka’s friends into lambent
hues of silver. They were all fast asleep. Why wouldn’t they be, in the middle of the night?
Sokka, however, had just finished tucking a letter into Momo’s oblivious grip, his bag heavy
with supplies as he tiptoed over to Appa. The bison grumbled when Sokka started to climb
up, but aside that, Appa was cooperative. Whoever said man’s best friend wasn’t the ten ton
flying air bison you found in an iceberg?
Phase 3: break dad out of prison.
Okay, so maybe that was a little vague, or a lot vague, but Sokka’s plans hadn’t exactly been
working out lately, so he was hoping a bit of fluidity would help get him back in gear. He'd
just ride Appa to the market he got his information from, shoo him back to Aang – because
Appa always came back to Aang – and convert to a different mode of travel in the form of
one of the eel-hounds he’d seen being rented out there. That covered his trip to the Boiling
Rock, then it was just a matter of getting into the Boiling Rock. Sokka could get a small boat
to sail across the lake, staying hidden in the steam. Assuming there was steam, assuming he
could get a boat, assuming this shot in the dark actually hit home.
In that moment, Sokka suddenly felt the urge to get down, put his bag away, go to bed. This
was bigger than he’d ever be; he was way out of his depth. Who did he think he was,
breaking into a prison with no help?
But then he saw his friends. The kids – Teo, Haru, The Duke – sleeping in their own corner,
subconsciously curling towards one another in the night. Tomkin and Nanook, an
inexplicable space between them. Toph, one foot always planted steadily against the floor.
Aang, hugging his glider close, clinging to the last few remnants of his culture. Katara, their
mother’s necklace glinting beneath Yue’s caress. They'd all lost so much, and Sokka couldn’t
stand by and watch them lose even more.
“Appa,” Sokka said, working his jaw, “yip yip.”

Chapter End Notes

Fellas is it gay to have an entire chapter of just your two povs where you sometimes
vaguely and other times Not Subtly At All parallel each other. Fellas is it-.
Also let’s talk about how tovah went HEY BY THE WAY FONG IS IN BOILING
ROCK FUN FACT JUST A TOTALLY INNOCENT FUN FACT THAT I

DEFINITELY DONT THINK YOU’RE GOING TO DO ANYTHING MORALLY
QUESTIONABLE WITH NO SIR. hysterical move.
blue fire? boiling rock? a week in the life of zukka in which they're both traumatised and
both handling it very differently? yeah this chapter was fun to write once i actually got
my shit together and wrote it

Chapter 25: ii. Several Prison Breaks Happen At The Same Time
Chapter Notes

yes this chapter is a day late no i don't want to talk about it yes im going to talk about it
anyway. things have been HECTIC lately and this is SUCH a big chapter in terms of
plot and it really did just square up to me behind the bike sheds and took my lunch
money. smh. anyway it was my bday on friday which is partially why this chapter is late.
im now 18!!!
also go read this by king boom the loml if you're in the mood to SOB (it's lanse and zi se
angst i highly recommend) and go read this by SolarQueen if you're interested in an
original twist on the usual 'zuko kidnapped on a boat au' (the twist being that this time
it's sokka on zuko's boat - i love it)
in exchange for a late upload may i offer you this mammoth 11k chapter? pls?? okay ly
nerds have a fab 2 weeks don't do anything i wouldn't do xoxoxo

See the end of the chapter for more notes

This was stupid.
Zuko was going to kill Fong. That was a fact. He'd watch Fong bleed the same way the
bastard had stood over Zuko. He'd do it for Zi Se, so he could finally look him in the eye, this
child that had lost too much, a chunk of his memories overrun by shadows, and promise him
that Fong could never, ever hurt them again.
But Zi Se was also five, and the Boiling Rock was the Fire Nation’s most notorious prison.
He couldn’t come with Zuko. That was a fact.
But how could Zuko possibly leave Zi Se here, in this camp full of... of strangers? Of people
he didn’t trust? How could he endanger Zi Se on his mission to protect him?
Zuko winced, accidentally pulling his bandage too tight. He was sat in his tent, letting the
space fall into darkness despite the daylight outside. This was a routine he’d gotten into;
everyday, he’d check his injuries.
Zuko knew better than most how to tell what wounds would scar and what wounds would
simply fade into inscrutable stains on what had once been innocent, bloodless skin. Fong
often took a knife and left long red scratches in his wake, because it hurt but it wouldn’t scar,
and that was almost worse. Zuko knew scars. Scars were legible, coherent, obvious. Scars
were something he could point to and say; this hurt.
The scars were grounding, in that sense.

And now, Zuko twisted with a hiss to trace the vertical lines striping down his back, small
and bountiful, almost like a tally chart of blood, and the scratches stung when he touched
them, and he would always, always have the memory of his heart thundering, his fingers
flexing as he desperately pulled against the earth, unable to turn around and face Fong,
completely helpless as sweat mixed with blood. Zuko would always remember how cold the
knife was, how biting the questions were, how much he wished he had answers. These
memories would plague him, but the wounds were just scratches, and Zuko was terrified of
the day they would no longer be there.
He knew, deep down, that it was a good thing, a win. He knew there was a reclamation to it;
that despite the pain and hatred, Fong still left no permanent mark.
Except that wasn’t true.
Times the knife dug too deep, times Fong’s anger got the best of him, the burns, the jagged
loops of chafed skin surrounding Zuko’s wrists, now scabbed and ugly and sensitive. All of
these would be here forever, marring him.
Zuko would ensure these scars outlived the man who inflicted them.
He owed himself that much.
With a steady breath, Zuko wrapped the white bandage around his torso. The healer had
frowned at him, quietly horrified, when he first caught Zuko treating himself. A few days
ago, when Zuko was fresh out of that cell, Zuko must have looked like a walking wound. But
if growing up with Azula taught him anything, it taught him basic first aid. It wasn’t enough.
He knew he’d done some of his stitches wrong, and he wasn’t sure how to treat broken ribs
because when the healer tried to help, Zuko glared at him so venomously that the man
retreated. But Zuko could heal the burns. He was good at healing burns. There was one on his
hand, from his last interrogation with Fong. It was small, compared to some of the deeper
ones, and it flushed over his far-right knuckles, singing a chorus of pain whenever he
clenched his fists. The skin was a horrific red and yellow, shrivelled like it had tried to defend
itself from the flames. When he first got it, the skin had blackened slightly.
Zuko had suffered through the horror of the burn and Zi Se had joked that it looked like a rice
cake, and didn’t that just sum everything up?
Zuko sighed, pulling on a long-sleeved underlayer over his fresh bandages, the fabric thin
and expensive between his fingers, covering his pale skin in a black shroud. He pulled a
black tunic on top, tying it at his waist at the fold where it met his black trousers. He'd picked
this outfit to purposely hide his skin, so as not to immediately give away which nation he was
from. He'd picked this outfit to be untraceable, without loyalties; a masked shadow. It was a
sick miracle that the clothes survived the sinking Erlong, and an even sharper twist of fate
that Uncle had thought to salvage them.
Dressed in all black, it was almost impossible to see the cartography of anguish that had
mapped itself on his skin, and he was almost able to think of moving past this. One day, the
bruises and scratches would fade, and his body wouldn’t hurt from being touched. One day,
they might be stories instead of scars.

But that day was not today, and even as he thought it, it seemed childish. Zuko found himself
tentatively pushing at the burn on his knuckles, not flinching when the burn pushed back with
a barrage of heated pain. Zuko frowned, before holding open his palm, half-dejected, halfcurious, and when he called it forward, a weak flame sputtered to life.
He hadn’t seen blue fire before. He didn’t understand it. In another life, he would have run to
Uncle, begging for answers. He'd admit he was scared. Of it. Of himself. Of everything.
But this was his life now, with Zi Se and blue fire, and every time he saw a torch of orange
flame, he still found dread pooling in his bones, while the blue fire had no connotations in his
mind. It was a clean slate, about to be splashed with blood.
“I got us food.” Zi Se announced proudly as he barged into the tent, arms full of various
bowls. Zuko didn’t jump; he’d been paying attention and heard footsteps long before Zi Se
spoke.
“All by yourself?” Zuko asked, crushing the fire in his fist before Zi Se could see. It was
easier for Zuko to be around fire. He was a firebender; it was part of him. But it ran deeper
than that.
This wasn’t the first time he’d had to teach himself not to fear his element.
“Uh huh!” Zi Se nodded eagerly, rolling his eyes a little. For the entire time Zuko and Zi Se
had been at the White Lotus camp, their food had been monitored. The healer had said they
were both malnourished, and that introducing too much food too quickly could lead to
something called refeeding syndrome, that could be fatal. As hungry as they were, they were
only allowed small portions, that gradually got bigger by the day. Zuko knew the logic of it,
but he also saw this man who he didn’t trust purposely withholding food from him, and it
took all of Zuko’s willpower not to break the healer’s other arm and eat all the food in sight.
He wasn’t even that hungry. Not anymore. It was fascinating what a few days of a normal
diet could do. But the phantom hunger, the memory of starving, was an icy memory, a loud
one.
The other White Lotus members had learnt quickly to leave food outside of Zuko and Zi Se’s
tent and then, as fast as they could, get the fuck out of sight.
It wasn’t that Zuko wanted to be aggressive, though he didn’t not want to either, it was just
that, no matter how long they’d been here with three balanced meals a day, he couldn’t stop
his mind from shifting into the offensive. The moment he saw food, he was suddenly back in
that cell, facing off with Chan. He'd fight for it, or he’d starve. It had been that simple, and it
wasn’t something he could simply snap out of just because it wasn’t his reality anymore. The
first person to bring him and Zi Se food was Tovah, and she might have been the only person
in this camp who could have survived the following wildness. Zuko had lunged at her, and
she’d just hopped to the side in time for him to grab the food, not her throat.
But a couple of days ago, Zi Se started retrieving the food instead. Zuko didn’t like him
wandering about the camp alone, but Zi Se made friends with a few of the White Lotus
members, and Zuko was always more relaxed when Zi Se was the one handing him his food.
Zuko was only relaxed when Zi Se was the one handing him his food.

“They gave us dessert too today.” Zi Se grinned, quickly sitting cross-legged before Zuko and
arranging the bowls of rice and plates of fruit and-.
Zuko's heart twisted at how familiar this felt.
For the first time in a long time, Zuko thought of Tomkin and Nanook. They'd always been
there, lurking in the shadows of his mind, but this morning amongst the wreckage of the
Erlong, Zuko had made his choice. This seemed to be a side-effect of that choice, because
when those shadows encroached as they often did, there was suddenly nothing to push them
down, push them away, and there they were. Tomkin's dimpled laugh, Nanook’s worried
stare, the infirmary’s cosy glow.
Fong took them from him. Zuko didn’t even know where they were, if they were okay. He
wondered if they ever thought of him, before shaking his head, focussing on not dropping his
chopsticks as Zi Se launched into a story about his aunt. Of course they didn’t think of him.
Zuko was with the Water Tribe for a month. He'd been gone for four. Whatever happened
back then was in the past, was gone. Zi Se was here. Zi Se and Fong. Zi Se and Fong. No one
else.
Zuko listened idly as Zi Se spoke. The kid was getting used to calling him Zuko instead of
Lee, but sometimes, he still slipped up, and would giggle like they were sharing an inside
joke. Zi Se spoke of his aunt. He always did. She seemed to have raised him and Lanse, what
with his mother’s death and father’s coldness. War Minister Qin wasn’t like Ozai; he was a
whole different kind of loveless. Ozai showed his contempt of his son through blazing fists,
while Qin showed his through absence. Zi Se barely knew his father. It was probably better
that way. Even the thought of someone coming to take Zi Se away, family or not, made Zuko
feel sick to his stomach. That was a problem for the future. For now, he had far bigger and
bloodier problems to contend with.
The food disappeared quickly. It always did. Zi Se would hold a conversation for a while, and
Zuko would try to humour it, but ultimately, the sight of food, the fear of not having it if they
didn’t eat it quick, overcame them both. They fell into a natural silence. They must have
passed days like this back in that cell; sat side by side, thinking, quiet, Zuko meditating, Zi Se
chewing his necklace-.
You ever wondered why? The memory of the healer’s voice swam to the surface of Zuko’s
thoughts, and he found himself watching Zi Se. The kid was oblivious, too busy fiddling with
his necklace. Uses the necklace for pain. That had been the healer’s assumption. He looked
Zuko in the eye, Zuko who lost everything to keep Zi Se’s life painless, and had the audacity
to assume Zi Se was in pain and Zuko didn’t know about it. As if Zuko wasn’t fit to be taking
care of him. As if Zuko was doing a bad job.
“Stop chewing that.” Zuko said like he often did, except it had more bite to it than usual.
Zi Se frowned, pouting a little as he let his necklace fall. “Sorry.”
“Why do you do that anyway?” Zuko didn’t like how he was getting, how he was demanding
answers, how he was angry before he even had reason to be, but he couldn’t help it.

“It doesn’t matter.” Zi Se said, suddenly sheepish, wringing his hands.
Zuko took a deep breath, before gently holding the kid’s ankle. “It matters to me.”
Zi Se met his gaze, amber eyes staring into gold, troubled and reluctant, and he sighed. “I
think I got a hurt tooth.”
Concern flooded Zuko. Poor diet. Bad sanitary conditions. Tooth decay. Concern flooded
him, and then horror.
It was just a bad tooth. Baby teeth coming out was a part of growing up, and having the
process sped up by the appalling conditions they’d lived in wasn’t exactly the worst thing to
come from Fong.
But it was the fact Zuko hadn’t known. Zuko had sacrificed so much, he’d told himself it was
all worth it because Zi Se was okay, but Zi Se wasn’t okay. He was in pain. He was in pain
and he hadn’t said anything and the healer had noticed straight away what Zuko couldn’t
have hoped to notice even with four more months.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Zuko whispered, and Zi Se looked horrified by the tightness to
Zuko’s words, the wideness of his eyes. It was just a bad tooth. It'd fall out soon and Zi Se
would be fine. It wasn’t debilitating. But Zuko hadn’t known. He'd allowed Zi Se to be in pain
and he’d been oblivious. It was so much more than a fucking bad tooth and he didn’t really
understand it himself but he suddenly felt like he couldn’t breathe.
“Because it doesn’t hurt that bad!” Zi Se insisted, reaching and grabbing Zuko’s arm. The kid
was comforting him, because Zuko was falling apart. It was all so messed up.
The worst part was that Zuko had honestly thought he could take care of Zi Se, but it all
seemed so clear now. Zuko had to go to the Boiling Rock. Zi Se couldn’t come with him. The
White Lotus members weren’t out to get him. Zuko was seventeen and he was as much of a
wreckage as the Erlong, and Zi Se was a child who needed the kind of attention Zuko didn’t
know how to give. He needed games Zuko couldn’t play, stories Zuko didn’t know, love
Zuko never had. Zuko had never been equipped to care for a child. He'd been stupid to think
he was.
He couldn’t just give Zi Se up, but it suddenly seemed that maybe leaving him here would
not only be convenient for Zuko, but better for Zi Se. Zuko would go, he would kill Fong,
and he would put this nightmare behind him. Zi Se deserved Zuko when he wasn’t haunted,
and right now, Zuko’s ghosts felt like they were dragging him underwater every time he saw
fire, or food, or anyone and anything.
“L- Zuko?” Zi Se asked, starting to get upset, but Zuko was already on his feet.
“You stay here,” Zuko breathed, because if he stayed in this tent where he couldn’t see the
sky for another second then he’d scream, “I'll... I’ll be back.”
For a moment, he took a deep breath, before rushing outside.

He immediately bumped into Tovah.
“Shit, sorry.” Zuko said instinctively, not making eye-contact. His heart was roaring in his
ears and he just needed to... needed to...
Needed to what?
“I was looking for you, actually.” Tovah said in that chilly, almost scary matter-of-fact tone.
Zuko finally looked up, and noticed she was holding something.
Oh Agni, Zuko thought, feeling like his stomach had fallen to the grass at his feet.
Tovah must have noticed his expression, because she quirked a knowing brow. “I found this
amongst the rest of your things and thought you might need it.”
“Why would I need that?” Zuko growled, and while he wasn’t as bad a liar as he used to be,
even he heard his words tremble.
Tovah handed him the Blue Spirit mask. “No reason.” She smiled like a snarl. “But better
safe than sorry, yes?”
Zuko stared at the mask. The deep blue, the white detailing, the memories. He remembered
watching Love Amongst The Dragons with his family, all four of them. He remembered
fighting side by side with an enemy and feeling like he belonged there. He remembered a
market selling masks just like this.
Better safe than sorry.
Shakily, Zuko grabbed the mask, attaching it to his belt with enough fluidity to hint at
practise. Tovah narrowed her eyes. Zuko knew her well enough by now to know she noticed;
she noticed everything. She was the smartest person in this whole damn camp.
Zuko stood straighter.
She was the smartest person in this whole damn camp, and she wasn’t the kind to lie to him
to make him feel better. She analysed people. It was her weapon. She probably knew every
dirty secret of every poor man here.
“The healer.” Zuko said, almost breathless.
“The healer.” Tovah repeated, unamused.
Zuko rolled his eyes. “Is he... What’s he like?”
Tovah hesitated, cocking her head slightly, trying to figure out the basis for Zuko’s question.
She didn’t like it when she didn’t know what was going on.
“He’s boring.” She said simply. “His daughter was nineteen and died in the Siege of the
North. He then defected here. He is a close friend of your uncle’s. He views you and Iroh as
the Fire Nation’s last hope. He hasn’t lost faith in his nation just yet. He likes crab puffs.”

She listed these things as if they all had equal weight, monotonous and robotic. Zuko listened
intently, searching for any sign of a lie. He'd known the healer was Fire Nation, he’d seen it
in the man’s copper eyes.
“You trust him?” Zuko asked, and it felt like pushing a knife in his own back.
“I don’t trust anyone.” Tovah said.
“Should I trust him?” Zuko rephrased, looking down to the Blue Spirit mask on his hip. A
role. A farce. He could manage that much.
Tovah hesitated, following his gaze to the mask. “He’s caring of children, since losing his
daughter. He arrived here three days late on a war balloon and told us it was because he
stopped to help some Earth Kingdom orphans he came across.” Tovah spoke quietly, like she
was sharing a secret. She then grit her teeth as if the words hurt to admit. “His heart is good.”
She never once answered Zuko’s question, never once told him who to trust, and Zuko
respected that. He knew this woman could spin lies as fast as Azula, but here she was telling
the truth. He knew that much. He couldn’t trust anyone, but he could trust characteristics.
Tovah knew Zuko was asking because of Zi Se. He still didn’t quite understand how she
figured these things out, but she must have known. He's caring of children. His heart is good.
And deep down, Zuko had known that anyway. Zuko had treated the healer horribly; he still
didn’t even know the man’s name, and he’d broken his arm. Yet the healer came back,
continued to worry about him and Zi Se, and he always tried to chat to Zuko whenever he
saw him. Zuko knew Zi Se liked the healer too, because he played games with him. Games
Zuko couldn't play.
Zuko's heart shuddered, pre-earthquake, but he wouldn’t let himself be upset over this. Zi Se
deserved better than Zuko, and Zuko could only provide that when he was able to promise
the most basic of things; safety. And safety came with Fong’s death.
Better safe than sorry.
Zuko had made up his mind.
“Did you say he got here on a war balloon?” He asked, and Tovah smiled a cunning smile.
____
“And you didn’t think, not once, that encouraging his dad’s bullshit quest after the Avatar
might be more damaging?” Kanut asked, trying not to roll his eyes. At this rate, they would
get stuck fixed on the cell’s ceiling.
“I did not encourage it.” Iroh huffed, because he apparently wasn’t a fan of Kanut’s latest
conversation topic; comparing unclehood. “I thought like everyone else that finding the
Avatar would be impossible. I took it as an opportunity to get Zuko away from my brother for
as long as possible. I should have known-.”

“Should’ve known that if any idiot was gonna be stubborn enough to find the Avatar after so
long, it would be him?” Kanut supplied helpfully.
Iroh sighed. "Well, I wasn’t going to word it like that, but yes. Zuko has always been...”
“Stubborn?”
Iroh pulled a face. It was his usual I-want-to-laugh-but-I-still-don't-completely-trust-you-andwon't-insult-my-nephew-until-I-do face. Kanut had to respect it.
“Arrogant?” Kanut again added, just to infuriate the old man even more. Iroh scoffed.
Kanut had been in the cell for a week now, perhaps even longer. He didn’t complain though.
It wasn’t too bad – boring, more than anything – and besides, Iroh had been here at least a
month. It was quickly apparent that the prisoners here were the ones the Fire Nation didn’t
know what to do with. They weren’t interrogated, and their lives weren’t made purposely
uncomfortable; they were simply locked up and forgotten. Call Kanut fussy, but he thought
that still wasn’t a great position to be in.
Which was why he’d been plotting with the Dragon of the West.
Iroh had a friend, some Colonel he played pai sho with, that was somehow capable of
breaking them out of prison. He was waiting patiently for her after writing to her only days
before being captured. He'd heard nothing back, and there was no sign of a rescue on the
horizon, yet Iroh trusted her implicitly. Kanut, however, did not, and after much bickering,
him and Iroh had come to a compromise that they would escape on their own if the lady
didn’t save them by the new moon. Which was tomorrow night.
The plan was flimsy. The kind guard who always gave Iroh nice tea would arrive with a meal,
Iroh would convince her to enter the cell using his usual charm, and when she was distracted,
Kanut would grab the keys. After that, they’d run and hope Kanut’s size and Iroh’s
firebending could overpower the surprised guards. Iroh knew Caldera City like the back of
his hand; he promised he could lose any guards that followed them, so long as Kanut could
ensure they got out of the prison tower.
It had taken Kanut so long to convince Iroh to give up the idea of this Colonel that failure
was not an option. He'd never hear the end of it from the smug old man.
“Arrogant, no.” Iroh said after a few seconds of quiet, and there was a troubled shadow to his
words. Kanut didn’t like that. He hadn’t realised how cathartic it would feel to joke about
Zuko with someone who knew him as well as he did, someone who lost him like he did. It
was the only way Kanut knew how to deal with his emotions. But when Iroh got serious like
this, he knew things were about to get melancholic again. Sometimes, if Kanut told enough
jokes, he could convince himself that Zuko was out there, waiting for Kanut to escape with
the rest of the Water Tribe, and that this was only a nightmare on Kanut’s end. But the silence
was cruel and it didn’t let him forget. Even if Iroh and Kanut’s plan worked and they got out,
Zuko would still be gone.

“No one was ever crueller to Zuko than he was to himself, not even Ozai.” Iroh said, and
Kanut’s breath caught in his throat. He remembered all the little things; every time Zuko
insisted he wasn’t good at something when he was, how convinced he was that he was never
firebending properly, every time he told Kanut something ‘wasn’t a big deal.’ Zuko’s father
had taken a hand to his own child and disfigured him, but the true agony came from the
thoughts he branded into Zuko’s mind that day. Kanut knew that better than anybody.
“He’s a real piece of work, you know.” Kanut said softly, tracing the scars on his hands.
They'd long since healed, but some days, he still remembered their sting. They'd spattered
with blood when he punched Fong, and it had crusted over his knuckles.
A solemn silence stretched between them, before Iroh said, voice a weak, choked whisper; “I
know.”
____
The healer was a short man with glasses he had to push up his nose and copper eyes that
seemed a little whimsical, creases around them that deepened when he smiled. He smiled a
lot. It was unsettling.
“Prince Zuko!” He beamed, jumping up in surprise when Zuko entered the man’s tent that
was also an infirmary. It was the biggest infirmary Zuko had seen in a long time, but he knew
it was small by general standards. Two lines of four beds and a small work area at the far end
of the long tent, where the healer had been pouring over a book before Zuko interrupted.
“Can I help you with anything? Are you feeling alright?” The healer fussed, smile quickly
fading into a frown with each stride Zuko took towards him. Zuko stopped just before a long
table, several books open on its surface, the healer stood on the other side. Zuko was taller
than him, ever so slightly.
“I’m going out tonight. I don’t know when I'll be back.” Zuko said, and he used his royal
voice. The one he used to practise in mirrors back at the palace, repeating lines over and over
until he stopped stuttering over the big words. It never helped, in the end. His father’s gaze
always brought the nerves back. But it made him feel better to at least try.
“To do what, if you don’t mind me asking?” The healer said tentatively, and Zuko narrowed
his eyes.
“That’s none of your concern.” He said, shutting down the topic. “I need you to take care of
Zi Se while I'm gone.”
Internally, Zuko cringed at the demand. He knew the healer was a good man, and he was
stood there with his arm in a sling all because he tried to help Zuko, and still, Zuko had the
nerve to look him in the eye, Prince persona shining through because he knew this man still
had loyalties, and demand things.
Zuko was acting like his father, and that realisation didn’t fill him with the joy he thought it
might.

“Oh,” the healer visibly relaxed, as if he’d expected to be asked something terrible, “of
course I will.”
Of course. Because to some people, safety was a guarantee, compassion didn’t cost anything,
ignorance was bliss. To some people, life was more than blood.
Not to Zuko.
It never had been, really.
“If anything, anything, happens to him while I'm gone,” Zuko snarled, taking a step closer to
the table and enjoying the healer’s flinch, “then a broken arm will be the least of your
worries.”
The healer swallowed, before nodding hurriedly in understanding.
The threat was gratuitous, Zuko knew that, but he felt guilt sliding down the back of his neck.
He had to leave Zi Se, but every time he thought about leaving here without the kid at his
side, he felt chilled to the bone. It just felt wrong. They'd spent every day together for four
months. They'd kept each other alive and, more importantly, they’d kept each other sane.
And now Zuko was severing that. Willingly.
But he was doing it for Zi Se.
The healer had rounded the table by the time Zuko returned to the tent, and Zuko couldn’t
help the bittersweet twist of his heart when Zi Se, who he’d left to go get, grinned at the man.
It was nice to at least hope that Zuko was right, that he was leaving Zi Se in good hands.
“Akinari.” Zi Se said softly in greeting, smiling a little. For any other five-year-old, that was
the equivalent of yelling in excitement. Zi Se liked the healer, and even as he shyly held
Zuko’s hand, ducking behind his leg a little, Zuko could feel the happiness radiating from
him. Akinari. Zuko hadn’t even know the man’s fucking name and now he was leaving Zi Se
– his world – in the healer’s hands.
“Hello, Zi Se.” Akinari said, and those creases around his eyes deepened as he waved at Zi
Se. It was enough to make Zi Se brave a step forward.
“Are we gonna play catch?” Zi Se asked, looking hopefully up at Zuko, who always refused
to play because he had bigger things to worry about than throwing a ball or a bad tooth or
tiny things that added to bigger things, tiny things Akinari had allowed time for since the
beginning.
Zuko worked his jaw, before kneeling to level himself with Zi Se. The kid’s smile
immediately fell at the ashen look on Zuko’s face.
“Zi Se,” Zuko said, voice steady while everything inside him fell apart, “I need to leave for a
bit.”
Zi Se frowned. “Where are we going?”

“No.” Zuko sighed, shaking his head. “No, it’s- I’m going alone. It's too dangerous for you-.”
“What? No!” Zi Se shouted, and Zuko blinked in surprise. He'd never heard the kid yell
before, but as he looked at Zi Se now, he saw he was angry.
“Zi Se-” Zuko tried again, but Zi Se pushed him, small hands barely swaying Zuko.
“No! We have- We gotta stay together.” Zi Se insisted, eyes watery. He looked like he was
about to stomp his foot.
“And we will be together, but I have to do this, kid.” Zuko urged, holding Zi Se’s shoulders
in an attempt to calm him down. Now he really looked like Azula, throwing tantrums of rage
when something didn’t go her way. Zuko used to hold her against him, arms pinned at her
sides, and she’d exhaust herself.
Zi Se pushed him off like Azula always did.
“No!” He yelled again, red-faced with anger. “You’re not going!”
“Maybe-.”
“Stay out of it.” Zuko snarled, glaring at Akinari who immediately shrunk back against the
table.
“Zi Se, listen to me,” Zuko said, grabbing him again and holding tighter, keeping his voice
stern even as messy tears dribbled down Zi Se’s face, “you’re almost six now. That means
you’re one of the big kids. I know you can do this. You're gonna be with Akinari, and you’re
gonna be so grown up for me, yeah? I need you to be brave for me, Zi Se.” Zuko swallowed
the tightness of his throat. “Just like a warrior.”
Zi Se’s lip finally stopped wobbling, amber eyes sparkling at the word warrior. He was
obsessed with the thought of it; what boy wasn’t at that age? Zuko had been. He’d wanted to
be a fighter, an epic swordsman, a master firebender. It was just that being a warrior had so
many other connotations now. Bravery as well as honour, compassion as well as strength,
community as well as independence.
Zi Se pouted for a few more seconds, but he was finally deflating. He looked to his feet,
hands finding his necklace. When he spoke, his voice was the near-silent whisper that only
Zuko knew to listen for.
“You’ll come back, won’t you?” He breathed. “You won’t go to the farm like Lanse, no
matter how nice it is?”
Zuko felt like he’d been stabbed in the gut, and he held the side of Zi Se’s head, bringing him
close so their foreheads touched.
“I promise,” Zuko said, “I will always come back.”
“You have to.” Zi Se said, more resolutely than before, and then his hands were moving and
Zuko felt something fall around his neck. “You have to, so you can give me this back.”

Zuko pulled back, and there, hanging daintily against his black clothes, was Zi Se’s necklace.
____
Given the circumstances, Sokka’s day was actually going rather well.
That wasn’t to say he was having a good day. In fact, he’d probably go as far as saying he
was having a bad day, but in the grand scheme of things, it could be going much, much
worse.
The good thing was that his plan had somehow almost worked. According to his map, the
market he’d stopped at before was only a few miles away from the Boiling Rock, and Appa
had dropped him off faultlessly, throwing him one last, uncertain look before giving into
Sokka’s shooing and flying away again. Watching Sokka’s only means of escape fly away
from him had felt like he was damning himself, but he had to do this.
After that, all he had to do was rent an eel hound to cover the few miles of land, and then it
was just a short stretch of water between him and the prison that he could easily cover in a
simple rowboat.
Except that short stretch of water wound up being far bigger than the map had insinuated, and
that left Sokka stood on a beach with a little boat he’d rented that was barely big enough to fit
him in. He couldn’t even see the prison from here, only a few clouds of steam in the far
distance. The very far distance.
“Hey universe,” Sokka began, pushing the boat into the water, “it’s me again. You know,
Sokka? I’m guessing you remember me, because you seem to enjoy ruining my life so
much.” He hopped into the boat, grabbing the oars with a resigned sigh. “Just wanted you to
know that I hate you and I'm gonna get Aang to do his spiritual mumbo-jumbo on you.” The
boat took to the water and Sokka was jerked forward in a wave, almost capsizing. Fuck you,
the universe.
Katara would call this being melodramatic, but Katara wasn’t the one who now had to row
all the way to a maximum-security Fire Nation prison.
Sokka groaned dramatically one last time for emphasis, before beginning to row.
____
Zuko left with the sunset, watching from the shadows as Zi Se played catch with Akinari by
the river. He didn’t say goodbye; he was just going to slip away. It was easier like this, for
both of them. With the orange tendrils of Agni soaking the camp, Zuko ducked out of one of
the bamboo gates, facing the forest he’d ridden through with Tovah. He had little memory of
the journey. He'd been such a shell at the time. It had only been a week, but he’d recovered a
lot. Physically, at least. He was putting weight back on steadily, and was trying to train daily
to build back his muscles and his bending. His injuries were faring as well as they could with
his minimal treatment, and he’d been able to wash and have new clothes and attempt to sleep
this past week. He felt better than he had in months. Physically.

The moment he left this camp behind, he left whatever stability it had brought. He'd never
felt safe there - he didn’t think he’d ever feel safe anywhere again – but he’d felt an odd sense
of security. He had been allowed to just live with Zi Se in a soft bubble, just the two of them
taking care of one another. That was gone now. Zuko was putting an end to it.
The moment he left this camp behind, there was no turning back on his decision to kill
General Fong.
Zuko's mind was plagued with his own screams, and he felt that familiar stirring in his chest
at the memory. He took a deep breath, and began to walk.
“And what do you think you’re doing?” Colonel Tovah asked, and Zuko whirled to see her
leaning against the fence, arms crossed over her green Earth Kingdom uniform, black hair
tied back in its spotless ponytail. Zuko hadn’t even noticed her, and it made his heart thump
in his ears.
There was no point lying to her. She'd be able to tell, and besides, he was pretty sure she
already knew what he was up to.
“Breaking into a prison, what are you doing?” Zuko said accusingly.
Tovah cocked an eyebrow. “Breaking into a prison.”
Zuko frowned. Tovah had said from the beginning that her plan was to break Uncle Iroh out
of Capital City Prison, and Zuko knew she’d spent this past week planning and preparing for
it. He also knew he was the reason her plans were slightly delayed, and the thought of Uncle
in some cell longer than he had to be because of Zuko made his insides twist uncomfortably.
Uncle wasn’t his priority, but Zuko remembered the conditions he’d been kept in with Fong.
He wouldn’t wish that on anybody.
Zuko wasn’t surprised that Tovah was finally off to get Iroh. He was surprised, however, that
she had no back up.
“On you own?” Zuko asked dubiously. “You’re going to break into a prison at the heart of the
Fire Nation on your own?”
He wasn’t worried about her; he was just genuinely curious. That curiosity turned to
discomfort when Tovah smirked smugly.
“What, like it’s hard?” She said, before standing straight and striding past Zuko. “Come on,
Your Highness. The war balloon is this way. I'm giving you a lift.”
Zuko was dumbfounded, but he wasn’t about to argue with Tovah. He stood for a few more
awestruck seconds, before jogging after her.
The war balloon didn't need firebending to work, but it helped. Nothing complicated; just a
few gusts of fire every few minutes to keep the craft in the air. Zuko had to admit as they
sailed over the Earth Kingdom and into the Fire Nation, the familiar red insignia above them
warding off any trouble, that whoever invented this must have been a genius. He'd never seen

one before, which meant it was a recent invention for the war effort, but the war balloon
soared faultlessly and it made quicker time than even a Fire Navy ship.
Him and Tovah sat in silence, talking only to agree that Zuko would jump out at the Boiling
Rock and Tovah would take the war balloon to Caldera City. That left Zuko to his thoughts,
and they were sharp, brutal things, leaving gashes on his mind that spilled into every cavity.
He was going to kill Fong. He was going to kill a man. The two seemed like separate things,
because Fong wasn’t a man. He was a monster. He was cruelty and hatred and everything this
war, Father’s war, had germinated. Zuko thought he’d feel some reluctance. Zuko thought
he’d feel like he had with Lee. But Fong and Lee were very different people. Lee was good,
was innocent, and didn’t deserve death. Fong was rotten to the core, and he infected
everything he touched. Everyone he touched. Zuko would be the last of that man’s
corruptions. He'd cleanse this world of him. And then maybe, Zuko would try and start again.
Maybe he would put all this behind him. Maybe he would heal.
But he doubted it.
“What’s your plan?” Tovah asked, green eyes trained on him from the other side of the war
balloon.
Zuko frowned. “Plan?”
“Spirits, give me strength.” Tovah cursed, rolling her eyes like Zuko had said something
stupid.
After a couple of hours, Zuko saw the cloud of steam that embraced the Boiling Rock. He'd
been here once before. Mai's uncle was the warden, and he’d given them a tour. Zuko had
hated almost every minute of it.
“I’ll jump out on the other side of the lake.” Zuko said, flinching when the fire fuelling the
balloon sputtered beside him. It was orange, no matter how many gusts of blue Zuko shot at
it, and every time he had to stand close to it, he felt ice in his bones. He had to get over this
fear. He had to get over it quick. He knew the fire wasn’t the problem, but whenever he
looked into the open flames too long, he saw their orange tongues licking the walls of the
cell, heralding ruination.
“No,” Tovah said, “the steam will bring us down. You have to get out on this side.”
“How am I supposed to cross the lake? It's boiling.” Zuko demanded, but they were getting
closer now and didn’t have much time to figure it out.
“This is why we make plans, yes?” Tovah said, before taking over the war balloon’s controls
and turning them off course. Zuko had no choice but to send her one last glare and an
obscene gesture before jumping over the side.
It was a painful landing. The Boiling Rock was inescapable for many reasons, but one was its
location being in the middle of a volcano. Zuko tried to roll out the landing, but the crags and
rocks of the volcano still stabbed at him as he desperately found his grip. When he finally
stopped moving, he lay still, winded. Fuck you, Tovah, he thought weakly, wincing as he sat

up. He still had his scabbard and mask. That was all he’d brought. That, and Zi Se’s necklace.
Zuko's heart skipped a beat as he desperately grasped towards his neck, but he sighed when
he felt the necklace still there, safe despite the fall.
Zuko spent the rocky climb over the lip of the volcano trying desperately to figure out how
the fuck he was supposed to cross a boiling lake without dying. He'd just secured his Blue
Spirit mask, almost choking on the familiarity of its weight, when he spotted a rowboat
caught on the current, pushing against the rocks.
This was too easy.
This was far, far too easy.
But Zuko couldn’t let the opportunity slip by, and quickly skidded down the cliff, grabbing
the boat before the current took it out again. The wood was cheap, non-prison issued.
Someone else was here. Zuko would have to keep his wits about him.
Despite its simple nature, the boat was perfect for getting across the lake. It was small enough
to be completely hidden beneath the steam, and it only took Zuko a few minutes to row to the
opposite beach. He hesitated before letting the boat back into the current. He couldn't leave
any trace of himself behind.
Before him, the prison was a foreboding spectacle, all metal walls and misery. It was so
unreservedly different to Fong’s base, but a prison was a prison, and the thought of walking
back into one was almost enough for Zuko to be sick.
Fong and Zi Se.
Shaking hands turned steady as he traced his sword, his mask, before finally clutching onto
Zi Se’s necklace.
This was the option Zuko chose.
There was no going back now.
There was no coming back from this.
____
Sokka had managed to get into the Boiling Rock without a hitch, stealing a guard's uniform
from a changing room. It had seemed too easy, yet every guard he crossed met him with
nothing but a curt nod. Sokka should have felt relieved, or even excited in some twisted
sense, but all he felt was a growing dread. He'd been here for a while now, searching the
corridors, squinting through each cell’s bars, and his dad was nowhere in sight.
This was bad. This was very, very monumentally bad. And for once, Sokka wasn’t being
melodramatic. Had dad been taken somewhere else? Was he ever here? Was...
Was Sokka too late?

He'd been as quick as he could trying to figure out which prison Hakoda would be in, and it
wasn’t like he had someone on hand he could just ask about these things. He'd done this
alone, and only now did he truly feel how alone he was.
Sokka was jolted from his thoughts by the sound of someone grunting in pain, followed by a
loud thunk. He was on a narrow corridor, and if he had his bearings right, it led to the yard
where the prisoners hung out. It was barren of other doors, and more importantly, it was
barren of other guards, hence Sokka choosing here to have his minor breakdown. But there
was another corridor on the left that joined onto this one, a few metres away, and that’s where
the noise had come from.
Swallowing his nerves and pointedly ignoring how ominous this felt, Sokka tiptoed forward,
poking his head around the corner.
He was met with the sight of a guard knocked out on the floor, a shadow of black darting
through the door at the end of the corridor.
Horror filled him as he realised he wasn’t quite as alone as he thought, and then
determination.
“Hey!” He called, jogging after the shadow. If this was some Spirit, he’d be pissed. The HeiBai incident had set him for life and he was rather fond of staying in this realm, no matter
how fucked up it had become recently.
The prison was a labyrinth of thin metal corridors. Each door led to a new corridor. Each
corridor led to a new corridor. If this wasn’t the enemy nation and if Sokka wasn’t currently
partaking in active treason against said nation, then he might consider sending some interior
design pointers to the warden.
As it was, he was rather busy. The shadow had picked up the pace, realising it was being
followed, but Sokka was yet to lose it, and every second he wasted trying to track it down
made him more and more adamant on finding out who this was and what they were doing in
the Boiling Rock.
They ran to a crossroads, and the shadow took a turn that led to a dead end. It cursed, its
voice raspy and male and sending shivers down Sokka’s spine at the echo of familiarity in it,
but he shrugged it off, eyes widening as he finally got a good look at his fellow renegade.
The blood drained from his face when he was met with the mask of the famous Blue Spirit.
____
There was a guard because of course there was. Luck had never favoured Zuko. It felt like as
soon as he snuck inside the prison, every guard on duty decided to walk in the exact corridors
he wound up in. Usually, he could quickly lower the flames of the torches and hide himself in
the shadows, but every now and then, a guard would notice and find themselves unconscious
in a trail of thoughtless violence in Zuko’s wake. Zuko was desperately trying to remember
the warden’s tour, what he’d said about foreign prisoners of war, where they were kept, when
he heard footsteps behind him. Loud, alone, gaining on him.

Zuko had broken into a run.
So did the person following him.
And Zuko ran into a dead end because Zuko was stupid, and he whirled around, fingers
curling around the handle of his broadsword as he faced the guard.
He was... not what Zuko had expected, and he couldn’t quite pinpoint why. The guard was a
reasonable height, just an inch or two taller than Zuko, and had broad shoulders, sturdier than
most Fire Nationer’s and promising muscle beneath the armour. The armour that didn’t quite
fit him properly. Zuko's vision was blocked by his mask and his already disadvantaged left
eye, but if he squinted, he could see the helmet was too big as well. And the guard’s skin was
dark, which made it all the more jarring when his eyes were a brilliant blue.
It stunned Zuko for a few seconds. Seconds he didn’t have. He stood there staring dumbly at
this guard, desperately trying not to let the current of his memories drag him down as he
remembered Water Tribe eyes. He needed to run, or fight. He'd been caught. And instead, he
felt like he was frozen in place, magnetised.
“You’re the Blue Spirit.” The guard whispered in disbelief.
Zuko drew his sword.
“Easy!” The guard squeaked, jumping back suddenly. That voice. It was like a ripple in his
mind, small, the slightest push. He knew that voice. “I’m on your side.” The guard spoke
again, steadier this time, hands held up placatingly.
Still, Zuko took a threatening step forward, feeling a satisfied pull to his lips when the guard
stepped back in response. A few more steps, and Zuko could knock past him and run.
But then the guard took his helmet off, and Zuko’s breath hitched.
For a second, he was staring at Tomkin. The guard was a teenager, looking out of place with
his Fire Nation get-up and messy brown hair styled in that Water Tribe ponytail, a few strands
pulled loose from the helmet and curving against the boy’s sharp jaw. The kind of handsome
that came so easily, the kind that Zuko would almost catch himself staring at in a different
world. And two blue eyes, bottomless oceans and tsunamis and rain and tears and water. So
unreservedly, unapologetically Water Tribe.
Zuko inhaled and exhaled slowly, putting a stop to the dangerous direction his thoughts were
heading. This wasn’t Tomkin. It wasn’t any of them.
Zuko needed to get away from here. Whatever this boy was doing, he wanted no part in it. He
needed no part in it. Zuko stepped forward, more aggressively this time, and he almost
jumped out of his skin when, instead of ducking out of his way, the boy grabbed his forearm
in a firm hold.
“We could help each other.” The boy said, and Zuko couldn’t shake the familiarity of his
stupid voice. “I know you have experience breaking people out of places. You did it for my

friend Aang. You know, the Avatar?”
Zuko almost groaned. He knew that had been a mistake. He went to tug his arm out of the
Water Tribe boy’s grip, eyes widening when the boy didn’t even budge. He was hardly even
trying, stood right in Zuko’s space with those wide, begging blue eyes. But that didn’t matter,
because the feeling of being trapped had settled in the pit of Zuko’s stomach. He had to... He
had to get this boy off him. He had to get away. The corridor was suddenly shrinking around
them and the fire sputtered with Zuko’s racing heart and it looked and felt so, so familiar
and-.
Both of their heads snapped up at the same time, looking to the crossroads where the sudden
sound of footsteps was gradually getting louder. Two pairs. Two guards. The Water Tribe
boy’s eyes narrowed in determination, hand finally falling slack. He missed Zuko’s choked
sigh of relief. He missed Zuko’s fingers tentatively rubbing the spot the boy had held.
“Dude.” The boy hissed when Zuko walked towards the noise, and he was about to grab
Zuko again. Zuko smacked his hand away, acting on reflex alone. He hadn’t anticipated the
boy’s reflexes to be as fast as his, and the next thing he knew, they were pushing at each
other. Zuko’s foot accidentally moved in front of the Water Tribe boy’s and then the boy was
tripping over it and about to fall right into the corridor where the guards were coming from.
It wasn’t because he was Water Tribe. It wasn’t because he looked like Tomkin. Zuko acted
out of instinct and nothing else when he grabbed the front of the boy’s armour and used his
own bodyweight to twist and push them both against the wall, chest to chest, the torch
guttered behind them and drenching them in enough shadows to just about conceal them from
view.
But not enough shadows to hide the fact that the skirmish had knocked off Zuko’s mask.
It was of course at this moment that his mind helpfully figured out why this boy’s voice had
sounded so familiar.
Zuko was looking at Sokka.
Sokka, the Avatar’s companion.
Sokka, Hakoda’s son.
Sokka, who Zuko had kicked in the head at least twice.
“Shit.” Zuko whispered.
____
Upon finding out that the cool, mysterious vigilante that saved Aang’s life using some
seriously impressive swordsmanship leading Sokka to develop a totally normal curiosity
towards him that definitely wasn’t a ‘creepy crush’ - shut up, Toph - was actually Prince
Zuko of the Fire Nation, who had hunted them from the South Pole to Kyoshi Island to
Avatar Roku’s temple to that abbey, Sokka found himself, for once in his life, speechless.

He was just... staring... at Zuko... Prince Zuko... the angry jerk himself. Zuko who hadn’t
bothered them for months now, to the point Sokka hardly thought of the other boy these days.
And seeing him here, now, like this, was jarring enough to knock the breath from Sokka’s
lungs.
Zuko looked so different. His already unfairly sharp bone structure now looked like it had
been chiselled from stone, all angles and swooping cheekbones, and he was wearing all
black, not the reds of the Fire Nation. And it suited him. The black with the golden eyes and
the hair.
The hair.
That was another matter entirely. That ridiculous ponytail was gone, and in its place was the
most inexplicably attractive head of messy black locks that Sokka had ever seen. He was
struck with the sudden urge to card his fingers through it, before blinking the thought away,
horrified.
This was Prince Zuko.
But he just looked so different. He'd lost that regal air of pompousness, and Sokka wasn’t
quite sure what he’d replaced it with, but it was something. It was something in the new scars
on his face, one particularly nasty one slicing his jaw in a jagged white cut, like lightning. It
was something in the steadiness of his hands on Sokka’s chest, pushing him into the wall
even as the guards walked obliviously past. It was something heavy and massive and off, and
it set Sokka’s nerves on edge. He remembered how it felt to be scared of this boy.
Which was why, when he attempted to say something accusing and intelligent that demanded
to know what Zuko was doing here as the Blue Spirit in the Fire Nation after months of being
off the grid, all that came out of Sokka’s mouth was a jumbled mess of; “Zuko, Fire Nation.”
Zuko cocked his head, lips ghosting an arrogant smirk. “Sokka, Water Tribe.” He said in that
chilling rasp of a voice, before taking a step back. Sokka almost fell over without the other
boy’s weight against him. He felt like a compass desperately spinning for a direction. He just
didn’t understand...
Sokka decided that a safe emotion to stick with was anger.
“You- You're the Blue Spirit?” He hissed, hatred dripping from his tongue. “What the fuck are
you doing here?”
“Me? What are you doing here?” Zuko growled impatiently, clearly just as bemused by this
turn of events as Sokka.
“Why would I tell you?” Sokka said, pushing Zuko by the shoulders to widen the gap
between them. Zuko let himself be pushed, but all it did was make him take a single,
infuriatingly elegant step back. “You’d probably use it against me. Or... or tell the Fire Lord.
Or-.”

“I think you are grossly overestimating your importance to me.” Zuko said in that mean,
matter-of-fact way of his that Sokka hadn’t even realised he’d at one point in time been used
to. Tui and La, this boy had been relentless. Every day, he’d be on the horizon, making their
lives miserable. Aang was terrified of him. Katara had nightmares about him. And Sokka-…
It was Sokka’s job to protect them, and Zuko was the threat. He had been, at least. Where had
he been? Why did he look so different? Why was he here?
“Look,” Zuko said, running a hand through that infuriating hair, “I’m here for someone. I
don’t want trouble. Just stay out of my way and I’ll stay out of yours.”
Sokka glared for a few seconds, weighing it up and wondering if he could trust a Fire Nation
Prince at his word, before sighing. He was slowly remembering fragments of mannerisms
he’d picked up about the Fire Prince, the tactician inside him storing them away for future
reference, and he knew if there was one thing the idiot cared about, it was honour.
“Fine.” Sokka snarled.
“Fine.” Zuko said back.
Sokka growled in frustration. Zuko rolled his eyes, their golden hue the same colour as
honey. They both went to walk in opposite directions, dramatically storming off, except the
universe was still angry with Sokka for his outburst earlier in the day, and him and Zuko both
wound up walking the same way, side by side.
“I’m going this way, jerk.” Sokka hissed.
Zuko was attaching the Blue Spirit mask to his belt. For a second, Sokka thought he’d
actually be even more annoying by taking the mature road and pointing out how childish
Sokka was being, but instead, Zuko glared at him.
“I was going this way first.” He said, tone derisory.
Sokka paused and Zuko hesitantly followed suit, the two of them facing off again. Sokka was
just taller than him, and it filled him with immeasurable smugness.
“Fine,” Sokka said, before holding his fist in his palm before him, “then we settle this like
men.”
He didn’t expect Zuko to understand what he was offering, but the Prince’s honey-gaze fell to
Sokka’s hands, widening in recognition, before flicking back up with an expression
commonly interpreted as ‘you have got to be fucking kidding me.’
“You can’t be serious.” Zuko said, eyeing the corridor as if to remind Sokka of the danger
they were in.
“It’s the only way.”
“You-.” Zuko started, before sighing, looking to the ceiling as if he was praying for patience.
Sokka almost smiled when Zuko gave in, mimicking the hand position Sokka was doing.
Huh. He wasn’t as stuck up as he used to be.

Sokka always played Elements with Tomkin, and sometimes Nanook when they could rope
him in. It was a simple game. You used your hands to create shapes of the four elements.
Each element defeated another element. It was used by kids to settle petty disputes, but it
worked just as well between teenagers trying to partake in their respective criminal activity.
Sokka counted down. He was about to reverse psychology Zuko so bad.
“Fire.” He said, fingers mimicking a flame. His victorious grin fell when he saw the shape
Zuko’s hand had made. A fist. Earth.
“Earth beats fire.” Sokka whispered,
“For now.” Zuko said, lips curling up at the corners, before walking away again. “Goodbye,
Sokka, Water Tribe.”
And that was the end of it. Sokka hadn’t seen Zuko in, what, five months? Six? In that time,
Zuko had tempered a little, and Sokka had grown a lot himself. Maybe it was the crushing
fear of this prison and everything it could take from Sokka if he failed, but he just knew in
that moment, as he watched Zuko walk with a grace, a smoothness, that Sokka would never
have, that he didn’t want to let him leave.
“You know, Zuko, Fire Nation,” Sokka called after him, tone light, “whoever you’re after, I
can help you find them.”
Zuko paused, turning his head slightly towards Sokka. He was listening. Sokka grinned,
jogging to catch up.
____
Sokka was many things. Loud, ridiculous, childish. But he was also smart. He'd tricked the
pirates and he’d used the perfume to throw off the shirshu and he’d evaded Zuko time and
time again. Zuko had often wondered who kept that ragtag team afloat. It wasn’t the naïve
Avatar and it wasn’t the passionate waterbender. It was Sokka.
If Fong was the end, then Sokka was offering to be the means. It was more of a plan than
Zuko had five minutes ago.
He decided to give him a chance.
“Two heads are better than one.” Sokka said. “I’ll bet you know this place too. You could
help me.”
“And why would I do that?” Zuko said, turning to face Sokka again. Agni, those eyes were
just so relentlessly blue.
“Because if you don’t, I'll tell my fellow guard friends that the Blue Spirit has infiltrated the
Boiling Rock.”
That piece of shit.

“You wouldn’t.” Zuko growled, taking a threatening step forward. Whatever banter, whatever
comradery they had before was gone now, burnt to a crisp. The air was suddenly thick,
smothering them both as they glared each other down.
“Yeah,” Sokka said, grinning evilly, “I would.”
It was silent for a few seconds as Zuko’s mind went through the motions, desperately
searching for a way out. He worked alone. He had to do this alone. He couldn’t risk anyone
changing his mind. He had a coward’s heart, flighty; he always had. He wouldn’t risk Fong
for Sokka. But what choice did he have? He didn’t honestly think Sokka would tell the
guards, but it wasn’t a chance he could take. Trust was such a fickle thing, and it couldn’t
exist in a prison. Zuko knew that all too well.
“Look,” Sokka said, and he was quieter now, voice almost... soft, “it’s my dad. The Fire
Nation took him in the invasion, and it’s sort of my fault. I have to get him out-.”
Sokka’s lips were moving. More words were being said. The world carried on around Zuko.
But that was irrelevant. Zuko was suddenly freefalling, static screeching in his ears. Hakoda.
Hakoda was here. The Chief. The shadow in Zuko’s head. The man who taught Zuko to hunt.
The man who held Zuko together when he fell apart. The man who took him in as one of the
crew. The man who tried so desperately to teach kindness to Zuko when neither of them had
been shown enough of it.
Zuko had spent so many nights asking the same question. Where is he? Where is he? Where
is he? The end saw him swallow such things, saw him push away any memory of Hakoda
and the others, saw him smother himself in his own blanket of apathy, but he’d lifted it at the
White Lotus camp, enough to allow this hatred to power him to do what needed to be done.
And now, shadows were escaping the crevices, running into the open where Zuko couldn’t
hide from them. Months of wondering where Hakoda was, and now, he had an answer.
Hakoda was here too.
That... that changed things. As much as Zuko needed that to change nothing, as much as
Zuko needed to not fucking care about a man he’d known for a single month amongst four
months of agony, it still changed things. Zuko couldn’t explain why just yet, and he couldn’t
pinpoint the tangled knots of emotions clogging up his mind, but that didn’t mean they
weren’t there.
“I’ll help you.” Zuko said, interrupting whatever rant Sokka’s nerves had got himself into.
The Water Tribe boy blinked in surprise. “You will?”
Zuko ignored the stupid question. “Where’s your dad?”
Sokka’s brief victory burst quickly, face falling. Zuko was starting to notice that about Sokka;
everything he felt, he expressed. It was like reading a book. It was... nice, in a way.
“I’ve looked everywhere. I think they might not have brought him in yet. There were a lot of
other prisoners taken from the invasion.” Sokka said, and Zuko nodded, thinking.

“It’s likely he’s still being sent over.” Zuko agreed, hating how they were humouring each
other. “There's a storage cupboard a floor up from here that locks from the inside. It’ll be
safer for us to talk there, and it looks like we’re going to have to stay the night.”
Sokka nodded in agreement. He blinked, and his solemn expression lifted into an easy smile.
“Lead the way, Your Highness.”
Zuko rolled his eyes, and the two set off as a team.
____
Iroh and Kanut had just been having an impassioned discussion on the correct way to steep
tea when their conversation was severed by the sound of footsteps up the stairs. Both of them
sat up straigher. It wasn’t the heavy stomp of the guard that always tormented them from
behind the bars. It was soft, patient.
Ming.
Blue eyes met gold, and Iroh nodded once. Tonight was the new moon. The pai sho lady
hadn’t come.
It was time for Kanut’s way of doing things.
Getting the keys off Ming was far too easy, as the guard simply held up her hands, eyes wide
in both shock and resignation.
“I don’t get paid enough for this.” She said, and that was that. Kanut snatched the keys,
darted out of the cell, and then he was free. He almost laughed, slightly hysterical at the
prospect, but then three guards poured into the corridor, alerted by the noise.
Kanut stood, before giving them an awkward wave. As soon as he did, a bolt of raging fire
shot at them, and the guards dived for cover. Kanut stared at his hand, horrified for a
moment, before Iroh appeared at his side.
“Not bad for an old man.” Kanut said politely.
Iroh sighed. “Yes, thank you, as ever, Kanut.”
After that, it was as simple as Kanut staying safely behind Iroh. The General was like a oneman army, blazing through the prison, knocking out any guard that tried them. Kanut offered
sarcastic quips to the few that didn’t, and then they were out in the fresh air. It was almost
enough to make him dance around like Aput did when he’d drank too much, but unlike Aput,
Kanut still had his dignity, and instead smiled up at the moon.
It felt good to be out.
“Hurry, we have to be quick.” Iroh whispered, and the two set off into the heart of the Fire
Nation. It was like a maze, the buildings constructed in a style Kanut didn’t recognise. Iroh
kept them to the backalleys, yanking Kanut into the shadows whenever someone walked past.

They were careful. They were really, really careful. Which made it all the more terrifying
when they didn’t see her coming.
“Grand Master Iroh.” A silky voice sounded, and Kanut jumped so hard he whacked his head
against the house they were hiding behind, spinning to see a woman watching them. She was
tall, beautiful, with her black hair pulled back into a ponytail that brushed against her
uniform. Her Earth Kingdom uniform.
“Tovah!” Iroh chuckled heartily, pulling the woman into a hug, genuinely delighted to see
her. She robotically tapped his shoulder a few times, seeming nonplussed by the blatant show
of affection, but Kanut didn’t miss the twitch of her lips.
So, this was the Colonel he’d heard about. She'd actually done it. She was here, in the Fire
Nation.
Too bad she was late.
“You don’t make my job any easier by taking matters into your own hands.” The woman,
Tovah, said coldly. She was talking to Iroh but her green eyes were on Kanut, scanning every
inch of him.
“My new friend Kanut here was... impatient.” Iroh said genially, because it was better than
saying the Dragon of the West had been bullied into escaping.
Tovah hummed, unimpressed. “Well, I have a war balloon. The sooner we get out of here, the
better.”
“A what balloon?” Kanut asked, but the woman ignored him.
“I suppose we will be parting soon.” Iroh turned to Kanut, his gold eyes a little melancholic.
Kanut had to admit the strange General had grown on him somewhat. They were rather
similar at times, and Iroh knew things, knew Zuko. It was invaluable, given what had
happened.
“What will you do now?” Iroh asked, and Kanut shrugged.
“Hakoda’s in the Boiling Rock. I'm gonna go after him, see if I can do anything to get him
out. Worst case scenario is I wind up in another prison, but at least I'll be with one of my
own.” Kanut said, before grinning. “No offence to you, of course. You were a lovely
cellmate.”
Iroh chuckled. "As were you.”
“What about you? What will you do?” Kanut asked, and by the way Iroh’s smile faded, he
knew what Kanut was truly asking.
“I’ll continue searching for him.” He said quietly, hopelessly.
“If you mean Zuko, then don’t bother.” Tovah said, and both men snapped their attention to
her.

“What?” Iroh asked, the closest thing to a demand Kanut had ever seen him give.
Tovah stared him down, as if expecting retaliation. “I got him out of Fong’s base a week ago.
He's been at the camp.”
“Wait, so he’s safe?” Kanut choked out, breath hitching in his throat that suddenly felt like it
was closing up.
“Not in the classical sense of the word.” Tovah said. “He’s gone to the Boiling Rock. He's
after Fong.”
Kanut felt like he’d been pushed off a cliff.
Oh.
Zuko was after Fong. Zuko, the boy who drank herbal teas and meditated and talked in his
sleep, was out for revenge. Kanut's emotions warred within him as they always had. Good,
was his first thought, but then he understood the severity of that. Fong deserved to die for
what he’d done to that poor kid, but Zuko didn’t deserve to be the one who had to kill him.
Kanut's gaze met Iroh’s, and he nodded in understanding.
“Tovah, show us to the war balloon.” Iroh said. “It looks like me and Kanut shall both be
going to the Boiling Rock.”
____
Zuko and Mai found this storage cupboard together when the warden gave them a tour of the
Boiling Rock. They'd been young then, both disgusted by the misery inflicted here, and had
managed to sneak off, giggling down the corridors, hand in hand. Zuko liked Mai best like
that; at his side. They'd almost been caught and ducked behind the nearest door, leading them
here. They were missing for hours, spending the time talking and talking and talking. Zuko
told Mai about Mizu. He hadn’t told anyone else. At the time, Mizu was just the tea server’s
son.
He hadn’t appreciated how small he used to be, because he’d been able to spend those hours
here with Mai comfortably, even walking around a few paces. Now, Zuko realised the storage
cupboard was no more than a metre in any direction, leaving him and Sokka to both stare at it
in silence after Zuko opened the door.
“So,” Sokka said, clearly fighting a grin, “you wanna be big spoon or little spoon?”
Zuko elbowed him in the ribs and walked inside.
“Little spoon.” Sokka winced. “Noted.”

Chapter End Notes

get in bitches we're going to the boiling rock

Chapter 26: ii. Before The Reckoning
Chapter Notes

what's up taob nation i hope everyone's having a wonderful day and oh what's this? new
tags? that's right. i added a couple and i'm pointing them out here solely because a lot of
people have been nervous about how angsty book 2 has been and i wanted to offer you
some semblance of comfort, however this also means that i'm going to throw the 'it gets
worse before it gets better tag' at anyone who comes at me.
this chapter is a bit of a filler chapter in preparation for the monster that will be ch27, so
i told myself to keep this one short and guess what happened? go on guess. *subtly
pushes 13k word count behind me*
okay but if i could turn your attention to the absolute weapon that is sokkattome who has
been hard at work and has two things for us. the first is the incredible
Happiness Is Not A Place which is a fucKING ZUKKA PIRATE AU I REPEAT A
ZUKKA PIRATE AU IM SGIUHDGIUH and the second is a literal fucking essay that
they straight up submitted to a teacher i'm????
anyways ily don't do anything i wouldn't do just do okay bye x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Zuko could culminate the key events in his life through his relationship to physical proximity.
At five, his father first hit him. A quick slap across the face, a faint red mark on the left side
like some cruel prophecy. He cried for hours but didn’t know yet to flinch from that moment
onwards.
At six, his best friend ruffled his hair and Zuko promptly told his mother he was in love with
him. She told Zuko, hurriedly, that he didn’t know what he was talking about, and he wasn’t
allowed friends after that. Father said they distracted him.
At seven, he started training with his swords. They made his palms bleed, but it felt good.
At eight, touch began to mutilate. Azula started growing cruel. Mother started growing
distant. Zuko started tripping up more and more.
By nine and ten, he knew to flinch.
At eleven, Mother held him close one night, a gentle touch that smelt of roses, and then she
was gone. That was the last soft thing Zuko would have for a very long time.

At twelve, he kissed a boy and got caught. Briefly, he learned what burnt flesh smelt like. Not
the small scrapes and burns he’d ever gotten from growing up in the palace, but something
else. Something more. Something choking. It didn’t smell human; it smelt like a piece of
meat held on a spit too long.
At thirteen, he was refamiliarized with the smell.
So for the three years after that, it seemed logical that Zuko avoid touch altogether. He shrunk
from Uncle’s hugs, he jumped from the crew’s quick movements, he haunted his own ship in
his fitful, flighty flinches. Until suddenly, the crew wore blue, and their touch came in the
form of supportive hands on his shoulder, eager grasps of his arm, and one embrace that felt
like grabbing driftwood seconds before drowning.
The cruellest part of it was that Zuko had begun to heal with the Water Tribe. They did what
Uncle and Mother couldn’t; they showed him that he was injured. They saw him. They
looked him in the eyes and told him he was hurt, hurt on the inside, and that he needed,
deserved, to heal. He needed to give himself that much. And he would have done it, too, as
farfetched as it seemed. He would have done anything they said.
But before he could finally brave the step across the threshold, the door was slammed in his
face and locked shut.
And at seventeen, touch was the worst thing that could happen to a person. Touch was blood.
Touch was screaming. Touch was watching your body collapse in on itself. Touch was,
simply, agony. And it seemed ridiculous to consider a time when it wasn’t. Zuko knew it was
ridiculous. He knew there was a chance he was delusional, that it was unrealistic for touch to
have ever been anything but this, that his mother’s embrace was just the cold comfort of dead
flowers at a burial and the Water Tribe’s ceaseless compassion was as hollow as their
promises and Zi Se’s tiny hands weren’t enough to tame the fire. He knew it was safe to
convince himself of these things.
Except now he was stood with a blue-eyed boy who was so obnoxiously Water Tribe that it
made Zuko want to punch him, and they were stood so close that Zuko could smell saltwater,
and Zuko felt as close to fine as he had in months.
“Someone’s coming.” Sokka hissed, leaning out of the ajar door.
“A guard?” Zuko asked, forearm plastered to the doorframe, ready to slam it shut at a
moment’s notice.
They'd managed to squeeze into the storage cupboard without stabbing one another and had
brainstormed the beginnings of a plan. The only way they could know what cell Hakoda was
put in was if they were by the gondola when he arrived, and they could only do that if Zuko,
like Sokka, had a guard’s uniform. Zuko had the misfortune of being stood by the doorhandle
when Sokka decided this, and instead of doing the normal thing of getting Zuko to move,
Sokka had instead just opened the door to look for any passing guards, crowding Zuko
against the wall, his shoulder pressed into his chest.

He still felt trapped, he still felt like his breath was snagging in his throat, but he didn’t feel
that looming dread he got when Fong approached him. The thing was, even if Zuko did feel
that looming dread, he didn’t know if he’d be brave enough to push the other boy off him.
Touch was agony, and it was also something he’d never had any say over. Father kept him
still with his words. Fong kept him still with the earth pillars that had left their own bracelets
of red and blue around Zuko’s wrists. It wasn’t something he could get away from; it was
only something he could endure.
The thought of that, like everything, made his insides curl, like there was something nesting
in his ribs that had been disgruntled.
“It’s a guard.” Sokka confirmed after a few seconds of deliberation. “Stay here.”
“What-.” But before Zuko could even finish his alarmed question, Sokka had darted out of
the room – if it could even be called that – and into the corridor, leaving the air around Zuko
suddenly cold. He heard a loud, metallic clang, some fabric rustling, and then something
heavy being dragged. Sokka returned a few minutes later with an evil grin and an armful of
clothes.
“Please tell me you did not just leave a half-naked guard unconscious out in the corridor.”
Zuko said.
Sokka winked, and Zuko was reminded of his previous urge to punch him.
“Don’t worry,” he said, offering the clothes to Zuko, “he’s nice and cosy in an empty cell a
few turns away. Don't want anyone checking in here for any renegade royals and handsome
tribesmen now, do we?”
Zuko snatched the clothes from him with a grumbled; “You’re insufferable.”
“Whatever you say, jerkbender.” Sokka smiled serenely, locking the door and leaning against
the opposite wall, which left about a metre between them.
Sokka seemed to realise the predicament at the same time Zuko did, because his smile fell,
eyebrows creasing.
“Get out.” Zuko said, a rasped snarl because he did not have the peace of mind to be dealing
with this shit right now.
“Oh yeah, I’ll just go stand in the corridor of this prison we broke into.” Sokka said, crossing
his arms over his chest. He wasn’t just taller than Zuko, but broader too. Zuko's kind of
muscle had always been lean and elegant, but it was clear when Sokka crossed his arms and
they hardened beneath his own fingers that his was the more obvious kind of muscle. The
kind that allowed him to drag an adult guard.
“I’m not getting dressed with you breathing down my neck.” Zuko hissed, suddenly more
adamant. “Get. Out.”

“Spirits, are you all this prude in the Fire Nation?” Sokka asked, rolling his eyes. “I’ll turn
around, how about that? Stop flattering yourself.”
Zuko grumbled beneath his breath as Sokka dramatically spun to face the wall, before
hesitating a moment. He wanted to analyse the situation, wanted to acknowledge how stupid
it was to be in such close quarters with a possible threat and purposely put himself in a
position of vulnerability, but Zuko’s only coherent thought since leaving Zi Se had been
Fong. He was all that mattered. Zuko blinked and saw green slowly staining red, saw the
vacancy of death, saw pain finally returned. If Zuko tapped the waters of his mind, they
wouldn’t just ripple; they’d flood. For now, it was safer to remain detached. He'd take the
problems as they came. For all Sokka’s strength and ingenuity, Zuko was still the one with a
sword. He could take him.
With that in mind, Zuko got dressed.
Or rather; with that in mind, Zuko tried to get dressed.
The guard uniforms were ugly and cheap, mass-produced and designed to be light. Black
trousers and a black undershirt paired with a faded red tunic, all slightly too big. There were
some other accessories – a belt, some armguards, uncomfortable looking shoulder pads, and
of course, the clunky helmet that looked a fraction too big for him – but Zuko set them on the
floor. He wouldn’t need them for a few hours.
Besides, he couldn’t even get his fucking shirt on.
“Please, take your time.” Sokka said helpfully, still facing away. Zuko was just buckling the
trousers, shirtless beneath the flickering oil lamp hanging above him that threw his bandaged
torso into a burning glow. “This wall is fascinating. Of all the walls I've seen, this one’s my
favourite.”
“Shut up.” Zuko bit out, jaw clenched as he lifted his arm. Pain was something he knew,
something he was used to. He'd gotten this far simply swallowing the sensation. But the
moment he tried to raise his arm above his head, his injured ribs felt like they were being
yanked outwards, twisted against their will and stabbed into his lungs, leaving Zuko winded
and sweating like he’d been running uphill.
“You okay, man?” Sokka asked, and his voice was different, chin angled slightly towards
him. Zuko instinctively wanted to snap at him that he was completely fine, but instead, he
tensed up, fingers freezing from where they’d been reaching to cradle his ribs, like that would
help.
He'd never heard Sokka sound like that.
He knew Sokka as hateful, or angry, or sarcastic. As a general rule, whenever Sokka spoke to
him, it was in a way that clearly conveyed that he didn’t like him. Zuko didn’t have a
problem with that; he didn't like Sokka either. But that simple question, those three words – it
was different. Sokka had sounded... soft. Not concerned, not after the things Zuko had done,
but as close to concerned as he could get.

“You seem pretty distracted for someone who says that’s their favourite wall.” Zuko
responded dryly, and his eyes watched the way Sokka’s shoulders jumped with his scoff,
watched as his mouth turned up, slightly visible for a moment before he once again turned to
the wall. He hadn’t seen Zuko, but Zuko had seen him.
Zuko blinked, weirdly disorientated, before returning to the task at hand.
This time, he was ready. He grit his teeth like he’d learned to, and lifted his arm as quickly as
he could, as high as he dared.
White-hot pain tore through him, exploding from his chest and pulling up his arm all the way
to his fingers. Zuko yanked the sleeve on and almost collapsed to the floor, the pain slowly
ebbing, his breath returning to him in spluttered pants. His forehead thunked against the wall,
body turned sideways as he supported as much of himself as he could against the first solid
thing in a long time. It wasn’t enough. It never was.
“You are definitely not okay.”
Zuko had forgotten Sokka was there for a moment. He’d forgotten everything. Who he was,
where he was, past, future and present; everything was eaten alive by the pain. Zuko
supposed that was the point of all this.
“‘M fine.” Zuko mumbled, cursing when the exhausted ache showed in his slurred tone.
“I’m turning around.” Sokka said, and Zuko didn’t even have it in him to stop him.
Sokka was facing him again, and for a second, their eyes connected.
Then Sokka was looking down, and his face twisted in shock.
____
Sokka was smart.
He wasn’t the bender his sister was and he wasn’t the warrior his dad was, but he was smart.
Always had been. Because of that, he knew that seeing someone injured, no matter how
much of an enemy they were, caused a primordial reaction, an innate urge to mend.
Or cry.
Or both.
That was why, when Sokka looked at Zuko, he pushed away the incessant nagging whisper in
his head that reminded him of Zuko’s evilness, and instead just looked at him like another
human being.
That might not have been the best idea though, because from one human to another, it was
unbearable.

Zuko was handsome. Sokka knew that. He knew it when they first met. He knew it despite
the stupid ponytail. He knew it with or without the scar. Zuko was handsome and it had
absolutely destroyed Sokka to admit that, but it was true. And Zuko shirtless should have,
from one human to another, been a positive experience.
It wasn’t.
Because Zuko was a shadow of the raging firebender from Sokka’s memories. He'd hidden it
beneath that all-black outfit that covered every inch up to his jaw, but now it was clear as day.
Zuko's skin was pale, almost enough to mimic the land Sokka grew up in, and Sokka knew
well enough what blood in snow looked like. It looked like this. Red and vibrant and
unmissable. Sokka had seen a lot in his life, things he shouldn’t have, but this horror was
something he was foreign to. Sokka didn’t know this. Sokka knew plans and lists and maps...
If he were mapping Zuko, he would begin his odyssey with the South Pole chill of his pale
skin. The ashes of a long-cold campfire formed the purpling bruises spattering Zuko’s chest,
like a cartographer got messy with all the dark colours and flicked them everywhere, some as
small as fingerprints and others as large as fists. Sokka didn’t miss the possibility of there
being a reason for those measurements. Forests of slashed reds grew down Zuko’s spine, and
Tui, Sokka could get caught in the currents of the white-scar tributaries that ran beneath
white-fresh bandages, water beneath a bridge, could fall from the severe cliffs of the other
boy’s collarbones, could get lost in the caves between bones, and he mapped that... that
lackingness all over Zuko’s unnavigable shoulders, down arms that still curled with muscle
and misdirection and nothing else, down to wrists that were signposted with red. Sokka had
been chained before, long enough that it bruised. He knew what that mark was supposed to
look like. This was different. The bracelets of suffering on Zuko were thicker than the marks
left from ordinary manacles, and his skin hadn’t just bruised, but had chafed off entirely,
leaving some horrific form of scabbing, like the thin crust of volcanic rock that sat atop lava,
ready to crack open at the slightest pressure.
This landscape was a circumnavigation of pain. Sokka was lost, and he felt hollow as his
gaze finally met Zuko’s again. Zuko was waiting, eyebrow raised, lips twisted into a mocking
smile.
“I think you had a better view when you were staring at the wall.” He husked, and Spirits, he
was trying to joke this off, like this was okay, like Sokka was the kind of monster who would
find that funny.
It snapped Sokka out of his despair, and he felt anger instead, because Sokka wasn’t that kind
of monster, and this wasn’t okay.
With a trembling voice, quieter than anything he’d ever said to Zuko before, Sokka spoke.
“What happened to you?”
____
Zuko reeled from the question like he did to open flame, returning to wrestling with the
stupid tunic in order to ignore Sokka and his wide eyes and the way he was looking at him.

His jerkish movements pulled Sokka from wherever his mind had gone, and he blinked
slowly. For a second longer, that strange, misplaced softness swam in his eyes, and then it
was gone, replaced with a steady acceptance, like he knew Zuko wasn’t going to answer, like
he wasn’t going to push him if he wasn’t ready.
“Here, idiot.” Sokka said with a small smile. “Give me the sleeve...” He trailed off, his hands
explaining in place of his words, and Zuko held his breath as the other boy leaned in a little
closer, gently pulling the fabric of the tunic over Zuko’s shoulder, avoiding direct contact
with Zuko’s skin. He couldn’t tell if it was because he was afraid Zuko would hurt him or
afraid he would hurt Zuko, but he didn’t like either.
This was supposed to be embarrassing. Zuko needed help getting his fucking arm through a
sleeve. It was humiliating. But every pulse of heat that fogged up his cheeks was met with
nonchalance from Sokka, like this wasn’t a big deal, which made no sense. Just because they
had a fragile truce here, it didn’t mean they weren’t enemies. Sokka should be taking every
vulnerability Zuko handed him and twisting it in whatever direction hurt the most. That...
wasn’t what he was doing. Zuko didn’t know what he was doing, and that made him nervous.
Finally, the ordeal was over. Zuko untensed a fraction the moment his chest was covered, the
atrocities that lay there once again being hidden from view. The uniform meant his arms were
out, but the armguards covered the marks on his wrists, and besides, he knew his torso had
suffered the worst of Fong, and that was out of sight now. He almost looked normal like this.
Almost.
“Stop staring.” Zuko said monotonously, eyes trained on the armguards he was aggressively
strapping on. He didn’t need them yet, but something about the way Sokka had looked at him
had shaken him. He’d been shirtless. That was it. He'd done most of his firebending training
like that without thinking twice. It wasn’t a big deal. So why had he felt so vulnerable? He'd
felt naked, felt helpless, felt ensnared. He didn’t like it, and wanted to cover as many of his
injuries as possible. But that didn't change anything, apparently, because Sokka was still
staring.
“Again, you flatter yourself.” Sokka said breezily, but Zuko didn’t miss the beat of hesitation.
Agni, Zuko had known his scars were bad, but this was excessive. Right?
Zuko leaned against the wall, taking a deep breath before finally scrounging the courage to
look at Sokka again. He felt embarrassed, but also weirdly ashamed. He didn’t want to be.
This was Fong’s doing. This was Fong’s pain. This was Fong’s anger. Not his. It wasn’t his to
be ashamed of. But still, the sight of Sokka stood there, arms crossed again, blue eyes steady,
made words tumble into Zuko’s mouth, clunky and desperate, knocking against the backs of
his teeth, wrestling his jaws. An explanation.
He kept them unsaid, and swallowed their metallic aftertaste. The eagle-hawk in his chest
flapped and clawed and screeched a shaking reminder; he didn’t owe this.
“What’s that?” Sokka asked, nodding to the hollow of Zuko’s neck. It caught him off guard,
and Zuko’s hand absentmindedly raised, stilling when he brushed Zi Se’s necklace. He felt a
warmth fill him. Not a bolt of it, or even a wave of it. No, the warmth Zi Se caused was

always more of a glow. Always so soft, so innocent, so tender. He couldn’t help but smile a
little.
He already missed him.
“It belongs to this kid I know.” Zuko said, voice quiet but almost violent in its fondness, as if
daring Sokka to challenge it. It was peculiar in itself, this urge to talk about Zi Se, because
Zuko never shared Zi Se with anyone. He couldn’t trust anyone else with him until Akinari.
And now he was telling Sokka?
But Sokka just grinned, intrigued. “Yeah? How old is he?”
“Five.” Zuko said, and it shouldn’t have felt so personal, but it did. “Although, he insists that
‘nearly six’ doesn’t count as five.”
Sokka snorted, as if surprised by the joke, before nodding his head in understanding. There
was a massiveness to his stare, and it made Zuko want to keep talking.
“He’s a good kid.” Zuko whispered, almost breathless. “He’s real quiet, but he looks at you,
and you just know he’s smart. And he is. Smart, I mean. He says shit sometimes and I just
have no clue how to answer.” Zuko was smiling now, unreserved. “And he’s kind, and he’s
funny, and he deserves so much better. Fuck, he deserves the damn world, you know?”
Zuko took a deep breath, smile dropping into a frown. He didn’t know where any of that
came from, he just knew that once he started talking, he couldn’t stop. And Sokka’s eyes held
him there, captive like a ship lost at sea, and he just listened. Not the kind of listening that
Zuko used to get from Azula, or Lieutenant Jee who had better things to be doing than
listening to an angry child, but the kind of listening where it was so painfully obvious that
Sokka was, for whatever reason, hanging off Zuko’s every word. It had been a long time
since Zuko had been given such an innocent, human form of attention, and he didn’t expect it
to mean so much.
“He sounds really cool.” Sokka said, and Zuko was starting to notice the way his nose
scrunched a little whenever he smiled. “Guessing he’s Fire Nation?”
“Not the kind of Fire Nation you’re thinking of.” Zuko said, sighing a little. It came out
easily, but Sokka tensed up, his stare turning into something else.
“What?” Zuko asked, not liking the hopeful glint in Sokka’s eye.
“Nothing.” Sokka raised an eyebrow. “It’s just last time I saw you, you were all ‘agh go Fire
Nation!’ and now you’re sounding a little more on the fence.”
Zuko turned his head away, finding a crevice in the door to focus on. “It’s not that simple.”
Sokka’s smile fell. “What? Sure it is. Spreading war and violence and hatred is sort of the
Fire Nation’s whole deal. It's not difficult to realise that that’s not exactly a good thing, like,
objectively.”

Zuko snapped his gaze back to Sokka, fists clenching. “You don’t think I know that? I've seen
what my nation has done. But... but it’s still my nation. It's still my home.”
Home. The word cracked and broke in the space between them, as if knowing the audacity it
took to utter such a thing, after everything. But that’s what the Fire Nation was to Zuko,
wasn’t it? His home. He would always be the Fire Prince, and after he killed Fong, he’d
finally, finally, be worthy of that title.
He'd be like Father, and his thirteen-year-old self would rejoice, and his seventeen-year-old
self would do nothing, because he wasn’t doing this for Father. Fong and Zi Se. He had no
plans for after that. Once Fong was dead and Zuko could tell his nightmares that he couldn’t
hurt him or Zi Se ever again, there was nothing left. Vacancy would be his safety and he
would settle in the cavities of life, never quite in reach of contentment. But he would have Zi
Se, and that would be enough.
Sokka's offended scoff pulled Zuko from his mind. He really needed to stop doing that. He'd
spent so long in that cell, accustomed to fading in and out of shadows and reality, and it was
leading him to lose a few seconds every now and then.
“Ugh!” Sokka threw his hands up in exasperation. “You’re all as terrible as each other. I bet
you aren’t even here to break someone out. On Tui, if you’re here for some weird, top secret,
Fire Nation meeting, then I won’t help you. I'm not enabling your little warmongering
bullshit-.”
“I’m not here for the Fire Nation, so maybe you should just drop it.” Zuko snarled, and Sokka
blinked, surprised by the venom, the threat, in Zuko’s words. If Zuko were concentrating
more, he’d roll his eyes. Their conversations had leapt and tumbled and skipped, jumping
from topic to everchanging topic. Sokka saw Fong in the twisted mutilation of Zuko’s flesh
and he saw Zi Se in the dainty necklace around Zuko’s neck and now he saw the impossible
complexity of Ozai who had never been that simple. And Sokka took but he didn’t give,
questioned while Zuko answered, listened while Zuko talked, because he didn’t have the
middle of it. He had the beginning, that saw him and Zuko fighting in the South Pole, and he
had the end, that saw him and Zuko a mere metre apart in a truce. He didn’t know how the
two points connected. He knew the first act and the intermission but he didn’t know the plot,
and it was making their interactions spiral between the known and unknown.
If Zuko were concentrating more, he’d understand that confusion, he’d accept that it was
valid, that he knew he wasn’t a threat to Sokka but Sokka had no reason to think that, but
Zuko wasn’t concentrating, because his mind was flicking through images like the beating
soar of a bird’s wing. Fong grinning. Fong talking. Fong interrogating. He didn’t want to talk
about this. Not here, in this cramped room where he could barely breathe with that hideous
orange flame right above his head.
“Why should I believe you? You're the Prince of the Fire Nation. You hunted us so you could
kidnap Aang. You probably made up that thing about the kid just to make me trust you.”
Sokka hissed.
“Why the fuck would I make something like that up? And besides, you’re the one who
blackmailed me into helping you!” Zuko exclaimed, before breathing deep, lowering his

voice. “This was all your idea. ‘Two heads are better than one’, remember? I was happy to go
on my own.”
“That was because I thought you being, you know, the literal Blue Spirit might mean you’d
let go of your Fire Nation ways,” Sokka glared him down, “I should have known better.”
That animosity in his eyes, in his squared back shoulders, in his tensed jaw, was something
Zuko recognised. Before Fong, before even the Ullaakut, there was Sokka and his burning
dislike of Zuko. Now, Zuko clung to it.
“Why?” He asked scornfully. “Because I’m a terrible person? Because I'm the Fire Lord’s
son? Because when I do this,” he lifted his hand and the room gasped in blue flame, “I burn?
It's not that simple.” He repeated the sentence that had set this argument in motion, taking a
small, threatening step towards the other boy, facing off with a cruel smirk. “I get it. I do.
What the Fire Nation did and continues to do is unforgivable, and things need to change. But
I am terrible for other reasons, Sokka, Water Tribe. And they aren’t reasons you can
simplify.”
Sokka flinched at the nickname, a twisted inside joke used as a mocking dagger. Zuko glared
for a second longer, before quenching the flame in a shaking fist, leaning back against the
wall, satisfied to some minute extent.
Zuko didn’t know how long it was quiet for, but he knew Sokka was thinking. He’d
underestimated the other boy’s intelligence in the past - back when he was ignorant enough to
think anyone with blue eyes was inherently lesser - and he wouldn’t do it again. Sokka was
thinking, and Zuko was patiently waiting in the silence, enjoying it while it lasted. A few
minutes passed, Zuko estimated, still coming to terms with his inner-clock that felt sluggish
to say the least.
Finally, Sokka spoke. “We should sleep. We've got a lot to do tomorrow. I'll go on first
watch.” He said, voice rough and tired sounding, to the point even though Zuko knew he’d
never trust Sokka – or anyone – to stay on lookout while he slept, he nodded anyway. He
didn’t mind faking for a few hours. If anything, he was curious to see if Sokka tried anything
while he thought Zuko was defenceless.
Sokka didn’t say anything else after that, and Zuko figured this was how their truce was
going to be. Not the strange banter it had started as, or the quick anger that had followed that,
or the moments Sokka’s fingers had danced inches above Zuko’s skin, never touching. No.
Now, they were resigned to stony silences and curt sentences. Zuko could live with that. He
welcomed it. He knew the rot within him, and distantly, a part of him understood that it was
unfair to contaminate someone who smiled as easily as Sokka.
They both settled down, trying to get comfortable in the limited room without having to
brush against each other, and Zuko hesitantly closed his eyes.
____
Sokka could tell Zuko didn’t mean to go to sleep, but the other teenager was exhausted, and
after about an hour, his breathing became too rhythmic to fake, his head falling limp into his

palm, elbow on his knee. He looked peaceful like that, which was ridiculously ironic, because
Sokka was leaning against the opposite wall with a battleground in his head.
Zuko was an enigma, and Sokka liked to solve things, but he couldn’t figure this out. Zuko
wasn’t here for the Fire Nation, and he was the identity behind a famous anonymous vigilante
working against them, and he’d brought up that kid and his face had lit up in such a way that
Sokka was magnetised, leaning forward to catch every word, and Zuko had a bad attitude, but
one thing he hadn’t been rude about was the fact Sokka was Water Tribe. He was different to
the boy who’d once called Sokka a ‘Water Tribe peasant.’ These facts were the something
Sokka had been unable to name when he first saw Zuko again, and they were the reason he’d
let his guard down a fraction. The truth was, he’d thought at first, somewhat naively, that he
understood Zuko. He'd thought he liked the way Zuko bounced back with his sarcasm, he’d
thought he liked the way Zuko was brash but still tactical, he’d thought he liked the fond curl
of Zuko’s fingers around his sword that Sokka was itching to get a better look at. He’d
thought he liked Zuko, this version of him. He'd thought this version of Zuko had an apology
on the tip of his tongue, and Sokka was, surprisingly, willing to hear him out.
But then Zuko looked the way he did and didn’t explain it, and wherever he’d been these past
few months, it was somewhere terrifying and incomprehensible and it had sparked a hatred in
him, and Zuko had said the words ‘I am terrible’ while his fist blazed blue. When Sokka
expected an apology, Zuko grew defensive, like he was falling back on instinct. And instinct
told him to defend his homeland.
And Zuko was right. This had been Sokka’s idea. Sokka had blackmailed him into helping
find his dad. But could Sokka even begrudge him that? Why would Zuko willingly help the
Chief of the Southern Water Tribe? He had no reason to. It's not like they’d been chumming it
up while Sokka was gone. Sokka smirked at the thought of Zuko and the Water Tribe
together, almost laughing at the prospect of him interacting with Chena. Spirits, they’d hate
each other.
Sokka's mind was a battleground of Zuko and the various angles he seemed to be fighting
from, but when all was said and done, he came back to a single thought. A single, infuriating,
embarrassing thought.
Zuko had pretty eyes.
He had pretty eyes and his gaze was the kind of heavy that almost made Sokka sweat.
Seriously, whose eyes were that gold? It was ridiculous. And they had flecks of amber in
them, some copper, like two alloys staring at him, like-.
“And you said I was insufferable.” Sokka muttered childishly, interrupting his own ridiculous
thoughts, watching Zuko sleep. They had a lot to do tomorrow. Namely, breaking Hakoda out
of prison somehow. Zuko had said that the prisoners came in on gondolas on the top level of
the prison every sunrise, and Sokka deduced that if they got up there with the rest of the
guards then they could see exactly which cell Hakoda was put in. Dad would have a plan
after that. Dad always had a plan.
Zuko stirred and a stray black bang fell into his face, brushing his scar. Something twinged in
Sokka’s chest, and he sighed sadly.

Sokka was a good person. Zuko might not be, but Sokka was, and when he looked at the
collection of agonies coating the other teenager, he felt no shame in admitting that, whatever
Zuko had done in the past, he at least did not deserve this. No one did.
Sokka decided that was as good a development as any in his latest problem: The Unsolved
Enigma Of Prince Jerkbender. He’d crack it one day.
Being on watch was boring, and Sokka was close to bashing his head against the wall as the
minutes trudged by, but he didn’t wake Zuko up. Not yet. He told himself that he was just
savouring the quiet before Zuko started snapping at him again, but Sokka knew that wasn’t
true. Zuko just looked so unburdened when he slept, and Sokka wasn’t ready to take that
from him. Not even if it reduced his mind to a bored mush.
Not yet, he told himself, as one hour became two, became three...
____
Zuko woke up a mere hour before sunrise, blinking groggily for a few seconds before
jumping upright. The sudden movement knocked something heavy beside him, and he
snapped his head to the side to see Sokka. Sokka, who had moved from sitting opposite him
to sitting in the corner of the room, so close beside him that Zuko felt the ghost of warmth
plastered up his side from where Sokka’s body had been.
Zuko's jumpy start had stirred Sokka, but he was still asleep, simply moving to lean his head
against the wall, eyelashes fluttering against tanned cheeks. Zuko's breath caught in his
throat, still dumbfounded and completely unaided by his still-waking-up mind.
He finally composed himself enough to kick an angry foot into Sokka’s side.
“Five more minutes, Katara.” Sokka mumbled. His hair had completely fallen out of its tie,
curtaining his face in brown strands.
“Up.” Zuko kicked him again. “Get up. Now.”
With a loud and dramatic groan, Sokka’s eyes fluttered open, and he frowned, brain not quite
caught up on the memory of falling asleep in a prison. There was something oddly domestic
about watching Sokka wake up, watching his face go through the motions, watching him
stretch out his arms, spine cracking back into place after an uncomfortable night sat up.
Zuko was here to end a man’s life. He should not have been thinking about how much Sokka
suited having his hair down.
“I’m up.” Sokka grumbled, rubbing his face. “I’m up. Was never down. Rearing to go.”
“You were very much down.” Zuko said, annoyed. “Why didn’t you wake me up? What's the
point in having someone on lookout if you’re just going to pass out on me the moment I go to
sleep?”
It was Zuko’s fault for even falling asleep. He couldn’t remember it happening. One moment,
he was sat there, eyes lidded as he listened intently for any movement from Sokka, and the

next, he was waking up with the feel of Agni distantly on the cusp of rising. He was such an
idiot.
“Okay, first of all,” Sokka grabbed at the wall as he inelegantly got to his feet, Zuko
following smoothly. “I did not pass out on you. And second of all,” Sokka hesitated, clearly
not thinking this far ahead, “second of all, I did not pass out on you. It’s just...”
“Just what?” Zuko asked, impatiently hauling his scabbard over his shoulder and raking his
hands through his hair a few times just as Sokka began to methodically braid back his own
hair.
“Prisons are cold, so sue me.” Sokka shrugged, a mischievous grin on his lips.
Zuko blinked. “I am not a heater.”
“True,” Sokka patted Zuko’s shoulder, missing his flinch, “heaters don’t talk this much.”
They bickered for a while longer, but Sokka seemed to have reverted back to his usual,
nonchalant, joking ways. It was like their argument from the night before hadn’t happened,
which made no sense, because people didn’t just stop being angry with Zuko. It was always
blatant and prolonged, but this was... this was easy.
Zuko refused to think too hard on it, and they resigned themselves to the plan they’d
formulated. Sunrise would see prisoners coming in. Sokka was adamant Hakoda would be in
with today’s lot, and if Hakoda came in today, so would Fong. They were both leaders that
aided the invasion; there was no reason they would have been separated. The thought of Fong
anywhere near Hakoda made Zuko’s skin crawl, but he needed to control himself better. Any
thoughts of Hakoda were to be pushed aside. The Chief might try to stop him, might try to
change his mind. The Chief might find out what Zuko was going to do, and he might be
disappointed in him.
After everything, Zuko knew that, as pathetic as it was, he wouldn’t be able to handle that.
So he’d just avoid Hakoda at all costs.
No matter how tempting it was to see him, no matter how much he craved something
familiar, no matter how much he desperately needed that strange security Hakoda had offered
once upon a time.
Zuko couldn’t be weak.
Not with Fong so close.
Not with Zi Se on the line.
____
The eclipse happened over a week ago now, and Hakoda was still being moved about. This
wasn’t abnormal; he knew that. Moving prisoners was a lengthy process, and moving this
many prisoners was tedious. The rest of his men were being taken to a place called Shuhon

Prison, but Hakoda was a leader, and the leaders were being taken somewhere else.
Somewhere stronger. He'd been kept in various cells this past week, placeholders, but now, he
found himself alone in a gondola on his way to the Fire Nation’s most secure prison.
Alone, aside General Fong.
Hakoda had done everything in his power to avoid him this past week, and he’d mainly
succeeded, but the Southern Water Tribe and Earth Kingdom had made up the invasion force,
and Hakoda and Fong were the leaders of their respective groups. This was inevitable.
The two men stood on polar sides of the far too small gondola, the strange contraption slowly
crawling across the boiling lake below them. Hakoda tried to keep his gaze on the
approaching, formidable prison, but he could still see Fong out of the corner of his eye, see
him feeling sorry for himself as he poked and prodded his injuries. In the past week, Fong
had formed a black eye and a split lip and probably any number of internal injuries, courtesy
of Kanut, a healer. The sick irony made Hakoda want to laugh and scream at the same time.
Hakoda shouldn’t be here. He shouldn’t be here, away from his men. He shouldn’t be here,
away from his family. He shouldn’t be here, with the man who tortured Zuko.
Yet here he was, and if he ever wanted to find a way out, he had to accept that. Denial was a
buffer and, in turn, a distraction.
Fong would rot in the Boiling Rock prison, and that had to be enough.
“You know,” Fong said quietly, “everything I did, I did to try and end this war. I only did
what you were too weak to.”
Somehow, Hakoda suspected Fong rotting in prison would not be enough.
For his own sanity’s sake, Hakoda kept his mouth shut, fingers gripping the edge of the
gondola. Just a few more minutes, then the guards on this side of the boiling lake would
separate them. Hakoda wouldn’t be punished for bad behaviour before even arriving, and
especially not for Fong.
“He wasn’t even useful, in the end.” Fong snarled, talking more to himself, and Hakoda’s
fingers began to ache with the force in which they gripped the gondola. “He didn’t know
anything, and the Fire Lord didn’t even respond.”
“What?” Hakoda hissed, regretting the reaction as soon as he whirled on Fong, who stared
with dejected green eyes.
“Barbaric, isn’t it?” Fong asked with a shake of his head. “All that pain, and the Prince’s
father couldn’t even dignify it with a response. The heartlessness of that nation never fails to
horrify me."
Fong was talking like him and Hakoda were old friends discussing politics, like this was
normal, was fine. Like he hadn’t tortured a teenager while knowing full well it wasn’t even
gaining him anything. Fong was right; it was barbaric.

Fong orchestrated it, and Ozai allowed it, and Zuko was caught between their two cruelties
like an animal caught between two jaws of a trap.
Hakoda wondered if this was the most hatred he’d ever harboured for another person. He
wanted to confront the Fire Lord himself, bending be damned. He couldn’t because the Fire
Lord wasn’t here and Hakoda was headed towards the prison designed by him, but Fong was
here. Fong, who held half of this misery.
He forced himself to breathe. In through his nose, out through his mouth. Repeat.
“Stop talking.” He finally whispered, looking away from Fong. If he kept picturing the
terrified boy on the bowsprit before this man, he’d be sick.
“After everything they’ve done, Hakoda," Fong growled, animosity dripping from his words,
and Hakoda heard him take a step closer, “you want to pity them? One hundred years of pain,
of death and disease and starvation and war, and you want to pity them? How many have
suffered at their hands? I unleashed barely a fraction of that onto their Prince. If anything, I
was merciful-.”
Merciful. The word latched itself in Hakoda’s mind, repeating. Merciful, a hand ignited in
flames pressed to a son’s face. Merciful, a General brutalising a teenager for the sins of his
family. Merciful, a crew calling him their friend and then abandoning him to his fate. Zuko
didn’t even know mercy, and he certainly hadn’t learnt it from this man, and everything in
Hakoda snapped like the wicked jerk of tectonic plates pushing together, and he shook like an
earthquake as he lunged.
Hakoda was bigger than Fong and his hands wrapped comfortably around the other man’s
neck, squeezing tight. He swore he smelt blood on the General’s uniform, and smoke, and tea
leaves. He swore he heard haggard screams ringing through his mind, pulse thundering
beneath his fingertips.
“He’s a child!” Hakoda yelled, thumbs pushing harder. Fong clawed at him, trying to evade
his grip, to breathe, but Hakoda was immovable as a mountain. “You want to tell me the
damage of the Fire Nation? I know. I almost lost everything to them.” He saw Kya and held
on tighter. “They have committed these atrocities because they have been blinded by hatred,
and you’ve let them do the same to you.”
Fong was getting weaker in his grip, nails leaving bloody scratches on Hakoda’s hands, but
Hakoda couldn’t let go, not yet.
“A burn can’t be healed with more fire.” Hakoda snarled. “We have to be better than them, if
we want any chance of ending this war.”
It took all of Hakoda’s willpower to unlatch himself off this sorry excuse of a man, throwing
Fong to the side and enjoying the satisfying thump his body made against the metal. Fong
choked and wheezed on his hands and knees, grasping at his bruised throat as he heaved in
gasp after helpless gasp, and it wasn’t enough.

Hakoda looked away, facing the prison again. They were pulling into it now. Hakoda didn’t
know what would happen next, if the others would find a way to help him, if he’d be able to
figure out an escape plan. But he had hope. Every day, he was reminded more and more of
why the war had to end. For Sokka. For Katara. For the crew.
For Zuko.
“Take their weapons and line them up for the warden!” A guard called as the gondola
screeched to a halt. Hakoda tensed, steady hands darting to the broadsword strapped to his
back. He knew he’d have his weapons taken off him sooner or later, but this past week, he’d
been allowed to keep it. He suspected the lower-ranking Fire Nation guards hoped the Water
Tribe and Earth Kingdom would start squabbling, and weapons provided more of a show.
Such pettiness wasn’t allowed here, but even the thought of this sword being taken from him,
and by a warden, made his stomach knot.
But what could he do?
The guard that snatched it from him sneered, saying something to a fellow guard about
‘putting it with the others.’ Just like that, all Hakoda had left of Zuko was taken away, and all
he could do was watch, stood on this strange platform with the muggy Fire Nation breeze
twisting around him. Hakoda didn’t mean to antagonise the warden, but it came naturally.
Bato would laugh. Kanut would tell him off. After that, he was taken to a cell, grateful to see
Fong separated from him. If he was lucky, he’d never see the man again.
He was left alone, the door locking firmly behind him, but not even a few seconds later, the
door creaked open again, one of the guards stepping inside, a little lankier than the others.
Hakoda squared back his shoulders, ready for trouble.
“Thank goodness you’re okay.” The guard said, and Hakoda blinked in confusion, before
raising his fists.
“If you take one step closer, you’ll see how okay I am.” He snarled.
But then the guard lifted his helmet, and Hakoda was met with the familiar blue gaze of
Sokka.
____
No one suspected anything when Zuko and Sokka slipped into the flow of guards moving
towards the gondolas, and they walked at the back, staying silent and unforthcoming. It was a
short walk, but it took them over a small balcony that looked out onto the yard. The prisoners
were just being called in, and Zuko couldn’t help but search for any familiar faces, ignoring
the relief he felt when he didn’t find anyone.
Sokka, it seemed, had the same idea with less luck than Zuko. He gasped, pausing and
making Zuko yank him forward before the other guards noticed.
“It’s Suki.” Sokka whispered to Zuko in a low hiss.

“What?” Zuko asked, because this was the worst place for any hitches in their already vague
plan.
“She’s my-.” Sokka paused, face twisting into a frown. Oh, Zuko thought. “It doesn’t matter.
She's here. We can’t leave her behind.”
Zuko was about to snap at Sokka that it was too late, but he hesitated. He knew he couldn’t
see Hakoda. He just couldn’t. This was an escape from that, and Sokka was handing it to him.
“You go find your dad.” He said steadily, stopping to face Sokka and letting the rest of the
guards walk away. “I’ll get Suki. There's an old library on the ground floor from when the
prison had more funding.” And when the prison was kinder. “It was completely abandoned
last time I was here, and they had no plans to do it up anytime soon. Get your dad and we’ll
all meet there.”
Sokka was staring again, and he had these flecks in his eyes, all shades of blue. It might have
been the light, but for a moment, his eyes were iridescent.
“Thank you.” Sokka said, and he said it so earnestly that Zuko felt guilt slide around his
neck, because he wasn’t doing it for Sokka.
And then, Sokka offered his hand. Zuko looked at it a moment, swallowing the lump in his
throat, before gripping Sokka by the elbow. The Water Tribe way. Sokka raised a curious
eyebrow, but Zuko allowed nothing but a small, sad smile.
“I’ll see you soon, Zuko, Fire Nation.” Sokka said, and Zuko chuckled at the stupid
nickname.
Sokka gave Zuko a quick description of Suki that turned into a rambled ‘and beautiful, did I
mention she’s beautiful? Like picture the most beautiful girl you’ve ever seen then times that
by a million’ that Zuko cut off, and now all he had was ‘ask for the leader of the Kyoshi
Warriors.’
And just like that, Sokka was jogging away to catch up with the guards, and Zuko’s hand fell
to his side, cold.
Finding Suki was surprisingly easy. No one suspected Zuko to be anything other than a
guard, and all he had to do was ask the first person he saw where the leader of the Kyoshi
Warriors was being kept and he was directed straight to her cell.
This was stupid. Zuko didn’t have time to be fetching Sokka’s sort-of-girlfriend. Fong would
be here any minute now, and Zuko had to find him. But he couldn’t find him if he saw
Hakoda, because Hakoda would say something. He always said something. Something that
froze Zuko in place and made him think. For once, he didn’t want to think. He didn’t care. He
didn’t care if he was making the wrong decision. It was for Zi Se.
The girl was beautiful, Sokka was right about that, and jumped elegantly to her feet the
moment Zuko opened the door to her cell and shut it behind him, face a determined scowl.
The Kyoshi Warriors were a fearsome lot. Zuko had met them when he followed the Avatar

to Kyoshi Island, and he’d set their village on fire. It all seemed so pointless now. Violence
for the sake of violence, for the sake of the Avatar, for the sake of his father’s empty
promises.
“What is it? Did I do something wrong?” The girl snapped, folding her arms, but she’d
planted her feet, and Zuko knew if he made a wrong move, she was ready to pounce.
He took a deep breath, knowing this was probably going to be bad, before taking his helmet
off. The girl reacted before he even got the chance to talk, and he supposed the scarred Prince
who burnt down her village was more recognisable than he’d hoped.
“You!” Suki hissed, jumping back a step, eyes wide.
Zuko raised his hands in surrender. “I’m here to help.”
“Oh,” the girl scoffed, “the Prince of the Fire Nation is here to help me, how sweet of him.”
“I know it’s hard to believe, but I'm here with Sokka.” That made her pause, the fists she’d
raised lowering, suddenly almost vulnerable. She shuttered off as quickly as she’d opened up,
narrowing her eyes.
“If you’ve hurt him-.”
“I haven’t, I swear on my honour.” Zuko said, hands still raised, scouring his mind for
something, anything, to convince her.
As if following that train of thought, Suki turned accusing. “What is a Fire Prince’s honour
worth?” She snarled, and Zuko swallowed. He'd tuned out of a lot of Sokka’s rant about Suki.
He had better things to be focusing on other than how much Sokka idolised this girl – and she
was very much a girl, not that it mattered – but now, he wished he’d paid more attention. He
needed to give Suki something. Something only Sokka would know. Something he wouldn’t
tell Zuko unless they were working together.
Zuko remembered something vague and latched onto it for dear life.
“He- He told me about your uniform,” he started eagerly, “something about golden thread
and it representing bravery, or blood, or... or something. I'm not sure, he just kept gushing
over you so I sort of tuned out. But you get the point!” Zuko fumbled, rolling his eyes at his
own poor delivery.
But despite the messiness of his words, Suki had cocked her head, less aggressive than
before, eyebrows pulling into a small frown. Her fingers absentmindedly traced the coarse
prison tunic she wore, as if remembering another outfit from another time. Her touch wasn’t
longing, it was... fierce. She would get it back. There was no doubt about it.
“But...” She finally muttered. “Why would he ally with you?”
Zuko sighed in relief. She believed him.
He thought for a moment, before shaking his head. How could he explain this?

“It’s a long story.” Was the explanation he settled for, lowering his hands, pretending not to
notice Suki scrutinising his every move. “Hakoda’s here, so we’re all going to meet on the
ground floor. I told Sokka I'd make sure you got there okay.”
Suki was quiet for a few seconds, still sizing Zuko up, before sighing, shoulders drooping.
“Fine.” She said. “But know I haven’t forgiven you for what you did to my village, and what
you did to my friends.”
“I don’t expect you to forgive me.” Zuko said honestly. He was here for many things;
forgiveness certainly wasn’t one of them.
“So, how do we get to the ground floor without getting caught?” Suki asked, and Zuko
winced. He hadn’t thought that far ahead.
Suki rolled her eyes. “Ugh, are boys allergic to using their brain or something?”
Zuko shrugged, and she threw her hands up in exasperation.
“You’re the Prince, surely you can pull some strings?” She tried, tugging on the end of her
auburn hair; a nervous habit. Her hair was the same shade as Renmin’s, Zuko thought
distantly, and it was such a sudden memory that he was silenced momentarily, before clearing
his throat.
“I’m technically banished from the Fire Nation.”
Suki stared at him for a few long seconds, blinking slowly. “Banished.” She repeated in
disbelief.
“I broke in here.”
“Broke in.”
Zuko rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, not liking how she was staring at him like he
was an idiot. He was, of course, but she didn’t need to be so obvious about it.
“You are...” Suki started, and Zuko didn’t even mean to tense, expecting the worst, “not what
I expected.”
Zuko frowned, not sure how to take that. Suki’s eyes were narrowed, and Zuko felt like she
was reading his mind, witnessing his every thought. For a moment, he thought she might just
figure out why he was here, but then she blinked, shaking her head.
“Would it work for us to just walk there?” She asked, like nothing had happened. “If anyone
asks, just say the warden told you to move me. If that doesn’t work,” her lips curled up evilly,
“then I doubt they’ll be a match for a Kyoshi Warrior and a Crown Prince.”
Zuko decided he liked Suki, and matched her grin.
“Let’s go.”

He poked his head through the door, leaning slightly out into the corridor to check the coast
was clear. As he did, his necklace fell forward, and he returned to the cell to see Suki staring
at it, her eyes blatantly curious. Zuko was still trying to gage her personality; she was strong,
and tough, and downright scary if she wanted to be, and she was smart. Which was why he
didn’t expect her to suddenly reach forward to inspect his necklace, missing how he froze up,
expecting a blow and receiving none.
“I like that.” Was all she said, smiling a little.
Zuko pulled it from her prying fingers. “Thanks.” He said, for lack of a better response.
Not for the first time, Zuko wondered what Zi Se was doing right now.
____
Zi Se was refusing to eat.
“Come on, kid, work with me here.” Akinari pleaded, once again offering the bowl of
noodles. Zi Se just clamped his mouth shut even more, turning his head away, arms crossed.
Akinari knew he had to be hungry; Zi Se hadn’t eaten since this time yesterday. But he was
just refusing.
Akinari sighed, leaning back on his heels. He'd been trying for twenty minutes now, and Zi
Se hadn’t even taken a bite.
“It’s good.” Akinari tried again. “I even put that sauce on that you like. And if you eat it all,
I'll let you go paddle in the river for a bit. How’s that sound?”
Zi Se pouted, before shouting; “No!”
Akinari groaned. “Zi Se, please. You need to eat.”
“I want Zuko.” Zi Se mumbled moodily, and Akinari sighed sadly.
He'd told the Prince that the damage done to Zi Se was mental rather than physical, but this
was worse than he’d feared. Food was something both boys had reacted strongly to in their
time at the White Lotus camp, and it had mutilated into this; Zi Se outright refusing to eat
unless Prince Zuko was there.
“At least let me light a candle in here.” Akinari said softly, nodding at the shadowed tent.
“It’s a little dark.”
Zi Se shook his head. “I like it.”
“And that tunic?” Akanari asked, flicking a glance to what Zi Se was wearing. A grey tunic
that was far too big on him, the sleeves rolled up several times, the hem brushing his knees,
and almost all of the stains washed out of it. Even so, it had been decided it couldn’t be
salvaged, what with all the rips in it. It was supposed to have been burned, but Zi Se stole it
and refused to take it off. It had been the Prince’s.

Zi Se hesitated, before reaching into the inner-lining of the tunic. “I have to keep it safe.” He
said quietly, pulling out a familiar pai sho tile. This one was battered compared to the pristine
ones littering the White Lotus camp, but Zi Se held it like he’d sooner break his fingers than
let it go.
“Okay, okay.” Akinari said, manoeuvring the bowl in his hands to the floor without jostling
his broken arm too much. “You can keep the tunic, but you gotta eat, kiddo.”
Zi Se turned moody again. “No.”
“Zi Se-.”
“Go away!” The kid was shouting again, face reddening. He'd been sat down, but now he
jumped up, eye level with where Akinari was sat on the floor.
“I’m not leaving you, Zi Se.”
For whatever reason, those words made Zi Se freeze, sucking in a breath through his teeth,
and then the tears that had swelled in his eyes from his anger began to fall, sliding slowly
down his young face.
“Liar.” Zi Se hissed, holding his pai sho tile to his chest.
Akinari frowned. “Zi Se, I'm telling the truth-.”
“So was he and he left!” Zi Se exploded, a sob wracking through him. “He told me not to
trust you guys. None of you. And then he left me behind!”
Zi Se’s little chest was heaving now, a tantrum mutating into something else, and Akinari
sighed. So this was about the Prince.
“Prince Zuko will be back, Zi Se. He promised, didn’t he?” Akinari tried, but Zi Se just
shook his head, more tears falling.
“Zuko always lies.” Zi Se mumbled, lip trembling.
“That’s not fair-.”
“He does!” Zi Se cried, throwing his pai sho tile to the floor angrily. “He lied about his name,
and he lied about staying together, and- and he lied about everything!”
Zi Se stomped his foot right over the pai sho tile, another sob overrunning him, before he
darted out of the tent.
“Zi Se!” Akinari called in surprise, quickly scrambling to his feet, grabbing the food as he
did. He was just readying himself to run about the camp looking for the kid when he paused,
relief filling him. Zi Se had sat right in front of the riverbank, knees tucked to his chest and
small arms wrapped around them, head burrowed away where no one could see the tears that
made his body shake.

Tentatively, Akinari approached him, sitting beside him, giving the kid some room. For a few
minutes, Akinari let Zi Se tire himself out with his anger. He had a daughter once, and she
used to have tantrums like this when she was Zi Se’s age, and it was all Akinari could do to
sit with her and wait them out.
Eventually, Zi Se poked his head back up, face a firm scowl, though the effect was lost due to
his puffy eyes and runny nose.
“You’re very important to him, Zi Se.” Akinari said levelly, looking out onto the calm river.
“I won’t pretend to know what he’s doing right now, but I know he’s doing it for you. Try not
to be so hard on him, will you?”
Zi Se rubbed his eyes, before nodding. “I miss him.”
And there it was; the crux of the issue. Because Zi Se was angry with Prince Zuko, which
was a mask to hide that he was sad, which was a mask to hide that he very simply missed
him. They'd been together with no one else for four months; they didn’t know how to be
separated. Zi Se didn’t know how to feel safe without the Prince by his side.
“I know, kid.” Akinari said, smoothing down Zi Se’s hair.
Zi Se turned to him, amber eyes wide, desperate. “Can we play Fire Lord?”
Akinari stilled, heart skipping a beat. He hadn’t known what to expect from this conversation,
but mentions of the Fire Lord from a child who should never have to speak that accursed
name was not it. The Fire Lord was a tyrant who sent thousands of his own people to the
slaughter simply so he could scrounge every victory he could. The Fire Lord was a heartless
monster whose crown was etched in blood. The Prince and General Iroh were the last
blossoms on a rotting family tree. If the Fire Nation wanted any hope of surviving Ozai’s
hatred and horror, then they would do so through them and them alone. That was why
Akinari was here.
“The Fire Lord is a very bad man, Zi Se.” Akinari said, tone rough, memories full of his
daughter and her death that mattered to no one but him. “You don’t want to be like him.”
Zi Se frowned up at him, confused, and for a moment, he looked like he was going to argue,
before he nodded and looked back to the river.
“You ready to eat now?” Akinari asked, picking the bowl back up and offering it with a coy
smile.
Reluctantly and with a quiet sniff, Zi Se nodded, and Akinari almost slumped in relief.
Slowly, Zi Se ate. A few bites, before finally realising his hunger and clearing the bowl.
Akinari watched with a faint smile.
Zi Se was going to be okay. It was going to be hard, and it was heart-breaking to watch, but
he’d be okay.

And even though they didn’t play Fire Lord in the end, Zi Se still whispered his wish into the
familiar darkness of his tent that night. It wasn’t much to ask for. All he wanted was Zuko.
____
Somehow, their plan was working. Suki and Zuko walked down the corridors, and Zuko
made sure his movements were purposely adroit, Suki making herself seem small and humble
at his side, and every time they saw a guard, Zuko grabbed her roughly by the arm and made
some excuse about the warden asking for her, and it was working. The only guard that tried to
question them past that had wound up unconscious in an empty cell. They’d made it all the
way to the ground floor, which was almost entirely barren aside a few various prisoners
mopping the floor with greyed expressions. They turned a few more corners, and then Zuko
froze. There, at the end of a long, empty hallway, was a set of double doors, taller than two of
him. Looming, imposing, but once, beautiful.
The old library.
“There it is.” Zuko breathed, but he didn’t move.
There it was. There was everything he’d run from and everything he’d run towards. His past
hid behind those ornate doors, and his nightmares curled in the shadows of the room beyond.
“Come on, before someone sees us.” Suki said, striding forward. Zuko kept his feet planted
firmly in place, eyes quickly raking over the hallway for something, anything. He wasn’t
looking for an excuse, but when his eyes landed on a sign above a small door that said
‘armoury’, it seemed too good to refuse. His broadsword was still stashed in the scabbard on
his back, but a few extra weapons could hardly hurt. Especially not with the battle Zuko was
about to face.
“What are you doing?” Suki hissed when Zuko headed towards the armoury, expression
bewildered. Zuko ignored her. His heart was racing, thundering in his ears, deafening him.
The armoury was full of rows and rows of shelves, and stacked upon them in a disorderly
mess was every weapon under Agni. Swords, knives, sickles, and dozens Zuko couldn’t even
name, some collecting dust and others looking like they’d been placed here minutes before
their arrival. In another time, a room like this would have been a dream come true to Zuko.
He'd spend hours admiring the blades, feeling their weights, seeing how they swung. Today,
he didn’t have the liberty of such a simple distraction.
Didn't mean he didn’t try, though.
He stepped inside, the flickering oil lamp throwing the heaps of metal around him into a
sickening orange glow, and his fingers found themselves carefully tracing handles and
knifepoints. These weren’t the usual weapons in an armoury. No two were the same, for
starters, and each weapon, despite there being dozens, was well-loved. They had belonged to
people. They had been personal, once. They had been taken.
These belonged to the prisoners.

It was a sick coincidence that Zuko come to that realisation at the same time his gaze was
caught by a familiar broadsword, and all the air in the room seemed to suck through his teeth.
As if possessed, Zuko crossed the room to his Dao, choking when he touched it and felt it
cold and steady beneath his skin. It was really there. After all this time.
And if it was here, then the man who had kept it was here, and he had held onto it despite
four months of silence, and he hadn’t forgotten.
“You’re stalling.” Suki said quietly, and Zuko flinched so violently that he almost knocked
the damn sword over.
Zuko didn’t respond, and Suki huffed loudly. “Zuko, we need to hurry. The moment they
notice I'm out of my cell, they’ll pull the alarm, and then-.”
Her words cut off like they’d been sliced by one of the blades surrounding them, and Zuko
spun to face her, expecting the worst. Instead, he was met with Suki still stood in the
doorway, face slack, eyes glazed over as they focussed on something yellow poking out
amongst the mess. She shook her head once, as if expecting whatever she’d spotted to
disappear, before walking forward and pulling out two fans. Zuko remembered them being
the weapon of choice of the Kyoshi Warriors.
“Suki?” Zuko tried to make his voice tentative, but it came out rough, nervous.
They were both snapped out of it by the sound of a loud squelch coming from the hallway,
followed by a low grumble. Zuko looked to Suki and they shared a quiet conversation in the
silence between them. It reminded Zuko a little of how him and Sokka had communicated.
When everything else failed, they were both still soldiers in some sense, and they were both
teenagers, and sometimes, that was enough common ground to keep them alive.
Fans in a familiar grip, Suki stalked forward. Zuko hesitated a single second before
shouldering off his scabbard and uniting his Dao swords as one. He watched them slot
together, watched them become a single blade, and he tried not to feel like he was betraying
that. Swallowing his unease, Zuko copied Suki’s prowl towards the door.
Suki counted down with her fingers, the thickness of the air being broken up only by
whatever that strange squelching noise was, and then they both leapt out into the hallway,
respective weapons raised and pointed at...
A prisoner.
A big prisoner. The man was huge, towering over the both of them, all the proportions of
Chena except with black hair and yellow eyes that screamed Fire Nation. Suki bristled
uncertainly, but Zuko knew he could take him without two broadswords to help. This would
be easy.
The prisoner pointed the mop he was holding – the source of the strange noise – at Suki and
Zuko accusingly.
“No one else is supposed to be down this hall.” He grit out, bemused.

Zuko remembered he was supposed to be a guard, and let a scowl twist his face. “So you’re
unsupervised?”
“No.” The prisoner hissed. “I’ve got a guard on me... somewhere.” He frowned, as if only
now realising that he didn’t have a guard on him. Zuko remembered the guard him and Suki
had shoved into an empty cell and tried not to throw an incriminating glance her way.
“Hey, what were you two doing in the armoury?” The prisoner continued, growing more
confused by the second. That was when he noted Zuko’s unusual, non-prison issued weapon,
and Zuko’s ill-fitting uniform, and how Suki seemed far too relaxed for someone alone with a
Boiling Rock guard.
The prisoner narrowed his eyes. “You ain’t no guard.”
Zuko took a threatening step forward, but Suki yanked him back.
“Hear us out,” she hissed, staring her fellow prisoner down, “you’re Chit Sang, right? I've
done chores with you before. You're strong, you could help us. We're trying to break out of
here. You can either join us, or you can snitch and get us all locked up again. What do you
say?”
Zuko watched the man, Chit Sang, nervously, hand ready to dash to his broadswords at a
moment's notice. Chit Sang thought for a few seconds, expression going through the motions,
looking at Zuko with contempt and Suki with consideration, before settling on something
determined.
“I got some friends; I'm not leaving without them.” He said, and Zuko groaned.
“Are you fucking kidding-?”
“That’s fine.” Suki cut in diplomatically, elbowing Zuko in the ribs, which would normally be
a simple chastising move, but for someone with very bruised ribs, it was agonising and
winded Zuko for a few seconds. “We’re meeting in the old library, down there. Bring them.
But hurry, we aren’t going to wait around.”
Chit Sang nodded, before grabbing the bucket he was using to mop and going to hurry away.
“Wait!” Suki called after him, and the big prisoner stopped, throwing a glare to Zuko.
“What?” Chit Sang asked. Suki looked sheepish, which even Zuko knew wasn’t an
expression she wore often.
“Do you know if any other Earth Kingdomers are here? The Kyoshi Warriors?” She asked
quietly, and Zuko swallowed the human instinct to feel bad. Too many people were becoming
embroiled in this. He couldn’t let their feelings and mundanities distract him from what he
had to do.
Chit Sang frowned. “An Earth Kingdom guy was brought in this morning, but I haven’t heard
nothing about any Kyoshi Warriors. Sorry, kid.”

“An Earth Kingdom guy?” Zuko asked, everything around him suddenly feeling far away. He
couldn’t feel Suki beside him, and he could barely focus on Chit Sang before him. He smelt
blood, saw metal walls dripping shadows, heard the nightmarish crack of bones as Chan
readied himself to tear Zuko apart, the two of them reduced to animalistic shreds of their
former selves.
“Yeah, some General. Powerful bender. Why, you think he could help?” Chit Sang said,
rubbing the back of his neck uncertainly.
“Well, the lower floors of the Boiling Rock were built with earth before everything converted
to metal.” Zuko said factually, before smiling. “It wouldn’t hurt to have an earthbender.”
Suki was staring at him, but Zuko didn’t care. It was almost funny to him now, that he had
feared having his mind swayed. These people around him were nothing more than obstacles
and Zuko had been jumping hoops since he was born. It was so fucking funny for anyone to
think they could stop him. Because now, Fong was close, and Chit Sang was going to walk
him straight to him.
And just like that, it would all be over.
____
"So where’s Bato? Where's everyone else from the invasion?” Sokka asked, checking no one
had seen him enter his dad’s cell before turning to Hakoda.
“The others are being held at Shuhon Prison. It's on an island close to the capital.” Hakoda
said, before scowling. “I was singled out as the leader and sent here.”
Sokka shouldn’t have grinned upon finding out the Water Tribe warriors were in Shuhon
Prison, because as a general statement, that was horrible news. He couldn’t, however, hide his
joy at the fact he’d managed to figure it out back in his secret lair with no help other than a
roomful of parchment and his good old brain that had been, up until now, not very good.
“It doesn’t matter now.” Sokka said, determined as he came to sit beside Hakoda on the matt,
“I’m gonna get us out of here. I have help. Suki's here, she’s the leader of the Kyoshi
Warriors, and-.”
Sokka cut himself off, smile fading. And Zuko, was left unsaid, because Zuko was a heavilyconnotated word. How did he tell his dad about the truce they’d made? How did he tell his
dad about his own insecurities causing him to enlist Zuko’s help? How did he tell his dad that
he had no proof of Zuko being trustworthy yet had still worked beside him anyway? It
sounded so stupid, because Hakoda hadn’t been there. It wasn’t something that could be
explained.
“And?” Hakoda asked, frowning.
“And someone else, this guy I know. It's a long story.” Sokka settled with that.
“Good,” Hakoda clasped Sokka’s shoulder, “we’ll need all the help we can get.”

Sokka still wasn’t convinced. He’d been the one to trust Zuko, but that was only because, at
the time, his was the only life on the line. Now, that decision affected Suki and his dad.
Sokka had let Zuko go off after Suki alone. She could take care of herself, of course, but
Sokka couldn’t shrug the phantom kiss on his lips, the weak touch to his wrist. He lost Yue;
he couldn’t lose anyone else.
“Sokka, I trust you.” Hakoda said, gaze imploring, and Sokka turned rigid beneath his
father’s touch, eyes wide. “Whatever happens, there’s no prison in the world that can hold
two Water Tribe geniuses.”
Sokka swallowed, before smiling weakly. “Then we better find two.”
And his father laughed, and for a second, it was like everything was alright, like everything
wasn’t awful and dangerous.
“First things first.” Sokka said, turning serious. “We need to get to the library on the ground
floor.”
Hakoda contemplated that a moment, before shrugging. “How hard can that be?”
It wasn’t hard at all. Hakoda and Sokka were the first there, and Sokka couldn’t help but let
out an impressed whistle as the double doors shut behind them. The library was a gargantuan
space, a maze of towering bookshelves that had long been blanketed in a thick layer of dust,
sandstone walls concaving into a domed ceiling. The ceiling was covered in a beautiful
mural, painted in wine reds, mulberry purples, honey golds. The only light came from two
sliding glass doors on the opposite wall, allowing daylight to flood inside, but Sokka could
just make out the faded painted images.
Dragons.
This room felt ancient, felt out of place in the industrial Fire Nation and metal prison. It had
been abandoned for a very long time, and Sokka found himself shivering, despite being
perfectly warm.
“I’ll light a torch.” Hakoda said, but before he could move, an eerily familiar humming noise
sounded from the glass doors. Sokka could just make out that the doors led to a platform;
maybe some old landing point for transport? The noise was getting louder, and Hakoda threw
a nervous glance to Sokka before they both gravitated into a combative stance. Had they been
caught?
As quickly as it had started, the noise ended. For a few more seconds, Hakoda and Sokka
looked between each other and the doors, confused, ready for anything. But nothing came.
“Maybe we imagined it?” Hakoda tried, though despite his teasing tone, his eyes were
narrowed, shoulders tensed.
Sokka hummed a muffled ‘I dunno’, returning to finding a torch for his dad to light. They
didn’t have time to be paranoid, and Sokka’s instincts told him everything was alright for
now. And really, when had his instincts ever let him down?

(He pointedly ignored all thoughts about the Day of Black Sun.)
Sokka collected three torches from around the library, hidden beneath old tapestries and gross
cobwebs, and returned to where his dad was flicking through some books.
“Anything interesting?” Sokka asked.
“Nothing we can use. They're all specifically here for prisoners.” Hakoda said, before holding
up a book when a grin. “Redeeming Yourself 101: The Fire Nation Guide.”
Sokka snorted out a laugh, but it was cut short by the sound of something.
Something coming from those damned glass doors again.
“It sounds like...” Hakoda whispered, frowning.
Sokka strained to hear. “Bickering?”
Yep, he could hear bickering. Two voices, snapping back and forth, and something splashing.
They were on the ground floor, which meant the boiling lake was right outside those doors,
but it’s not like someone was swimming it. That was a tiny bit fatal. So what was going on?
For the first time, the universe decided to answer Sokka’s questions.
“That was the worst experience of my life.”
“Please, Kanut, the war balloon was not that bad.”
“My feet are never leaving the ground ever again, on Tui, on La, and even on Agni.”
“Do not bring Agni into this-.”
The voice cut itself off as two men casually broke open the glass doors, walking into the
library and freezing the moment they saw Hakoda and Sokka’s dumbfounded expressions.
“Kanut?” Hakoda asked, a joyous laugh barking from him.
“Iroh?” Sokka squeaked, jaw slack upon seeing the old General.
Iroh chuckled, his grey hair neatly framing his kind face, and Kanut lumbered up beside him,
all Water Tribe blues and a quick smirk and relief.
“How are you here?” Hakoda asked, still wide-eyed.
Kanut shrugged. “Well, we flew here on that flying death trap, and then Iroh crashed it-.”
“I did not crash it. I simply landed prematurely.”
“You landed prematurely on the wrong side of the lake.”
“Well, lucky for us there was a boat.”

“Lucky for you, because you didn’t have to row.”
Iroh held his hands up, feigning innocence. “I am a senile old man. My joints simply do not
allow it.”
It sounded like an argument they’d had before, given Kanut’s groan, and Sokka could barely
tear his eyes away. How did those two even know each other? Iroh of the Fire Nation and
Kanut of the Water Tribe, and they were here, in the Boiling Rock, bickering.
Kanut must have heard Sokka and Hakoda’s deafeningly loud mental confusion, because he
turned to them with a smug smirk.
“It’s a long story.”

Chapter End Notes

oh look! another cliffhanger! sorry BUT in my defence, next chapter is The Big One.
like i'd say it's the most important chapter of taob so far, which means it's going to be
LONG so strap in and bring your therapists <333

Chapter 27: ii. Meanwhile, In Shuhon Prison (BONUS
CHAPTER)
Chapter Notes

happy holidays!!!! This is a mix of me thinking ‘hm wouldn’t this be a nice little
present’ and 'hmm I refuse to write angst over christmas.’ This is NOT the Big Chapter I
was referring to in the previous author’s notes because I honestly came up with this idea
on a whim and was egged on so yeah NEXT chapter is gonna be The Big One and i
mean it this time, but for now, enjoy these morons finessing Shuhon Prison xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Shuhon Prison was arranged around a large square courtyard where prisoners were allowed to
socialise and participate in activities relating to fitness and wellbeing. Closing the courtyard
in were four imposing walls; a line of cells for the male prisoners, a line of cells for the
female prisoners, the large gate heralding the prison’s only entrance (and exit), and finally, a
wall making up part of the body of the main buildings. It was simple, logical, and all in all,
Aput decided, not the worst prison they could have found themselves in.
Chena, however, still had it in him to complain. Loudly.
“Stupid fucking Fire Nation with their stupid fucking cells and their stupid fucking-….
Fucking-... Shit, what even is this?” He cursed, before the sound of a large boot coming into
contact with something hard and distinctly metal filled the corridor, followed by another
round of cursing.
“Did he just kick the basin?” Aput asked, lips curling up.
Tulok’s response was muffled, head presumably in his hands; “Spirits, help us.”
They were each in separate cells, side by side but unable to see each other. An entire wall of
Aput’s cell looked out onto the courtyard through floor to ceiling bars. He could see the line
of cells belonging to the women a good thirty yards opposite, the thick bars of their cells
running along the length of the sandy courtyard that sat littered with various gym equipment.
Aput could see individual prisoners, see women sat with their back to the far wall like him, or
women pacing their cells, or one woman who looked more like a girl, directly opposite him,
who was waving her hand, head turned towards the cell to Aput’s left.
“Tulok,” Aput said with a sigh. “are you waving?”
There was a moment of hesitation before Tulok mumbled an unconvincing; “... No.”

“We’re in prison, are you seriously trying to make friends?” Bato asked from the cell to
Aput’s right, signalling the end of his little strike. Him and Chena had started off their
imprisonment arguing with one another about what to do next. Bato favoured finding a smart
escape plan. Chena favoured knocking out everything with a pulse and making a break for it.
Aput and Tulok were in the cells between the two men, and endured their shouting match
until Bato entered a moody strike in which he refused to talk to Chena. It was petty, but Bato
was good at petty.
“She looks like a kid.” Tulok said, somewhat bashful, and Aput found himself, like he had
countless times before, cursing Tulok’s soft side. It would do them no favours in a place like
this.
Aput's eye was caught by movement across the courtyard, and he looked up to see that the
girl Tulok had waved at was standing now, head pressed against the bars as if she was trying
to see into the cell beside her. There was another girl there, short, young, and she looked in
the direction of her neighbour a moment, before her head snapped towards the Water Tribe
men.
“Tulok, would you stop fucking waving?” Chena snapped when the first girl waved again.
“I think they’re scared. We should help them.” Tulok said, no longer trying to hide his
concern.
“Would like to reiterate the fact that we’re in a prison.” Bato said silkily. “Do with that what
you will, but I just felt the need to point it out again. There are some members of this party
who seem to have forgotten.”
“Is that a dig at me?” Chena snarled, and even through two walls, Aput tensed. “Because I'm
not the fucker trying to adopt another teenager.”
A second of silence passed. A held breath. That ‘another’ thickened the air and even Bato
learnt not to comment on these little slip ups anymore. He learnt the hard way, but he learnt.
Tulok managed to push past it with a moody; “I’m not adopting anyone; I just think we
should make sure they’re okay.”
Chena swore. Aput rolled his eyes. Bato scoffed. Tulok definitely waved again. The girl
waved back.
And then the girl she’d spoken to earlier caught sight of something, pointing in the general
direction of Chena’s cell.
To Aput’s delight and Bato’s subsequent roaring laughter, the girl flipped Chena off.
“What the fuck?” Chena spluttered, finally at a loss for words.
“Chena!” Tulok gasped.
“I didn’t do anything!” Chena yelled, knocking against the wall separating him and Tulok as
if to prove a point.

“Why do I not believe you?” Aput asked, shaking his head.
They were saved from another argument when the sharp ringing of a prison bell pierced the
air, and the prisoners were allowed into the courtyard for a few hours. Aput wasn’t sure how
he felt about being a prisoner. The rest of the Water Tribe warriors from the invasion were in
the prison, which meant he could keep tabs on his own men, but Tomkin and Nanook had left
with the kids, and Hakoda and Kanut had been separated from them. Four members usually
so present, gone. Shuhon wasn’t too bad, and things could have turned out a lot worse, but it
still felt so... so wrong.
Bato was Hakoda's Second, but Aput had always quietly kept his family together from the
side-lines. He'd make this prison work for him. Until they figured a way out, he’d make it
work.
____
Bato was trying to keep everyone in check, but Aput was making it very hard when, on only
their second day since coming to Shuhon Prison, he revealed he’d started a gambling ring.
“It’s pretty simple.” Aput shrugged as the two men shaded from the relentless Fire Nation
heat while out in the courtyard that day. “One of the guards left a deck of cards out, and I
took them and said I got them from the commissary. I learnt how to play quite a few different
games with these back when we were going around the Earth Kingdom. All I gotta do is play
against the other prisoners and bet a couple copper pieces that I'll win.”
Bato blinked dumbly, unsettled by Aput’s evil smile and nonchalant shrug. The logic of it
was sound; prisoners at Shuhon were able to make money by doing chores, and then spend it
on luxuries at the commissary. But that still left one major risk;
“And if you don’t win?” Bato asked, tempted to pinch the bridge of his nose in frustration –
or at least to be dramatic - but stopping himself. He was having a bad day. He did not need
the reminder of what Chena had done to his beautiful nose.
Aput held his gaze, evil smile growing with every second of silence, before Bato gasped.
“It’s rigged.” Bato hissed, earning a shove to the shoulder to shut him up.
“Hey, I just shuffle the cards.” Aput said innocently, as if him shuffling the cards wasn’t the
problem, before pulling out a handful of coins from his pocket, “works every time.”
As the Second and leader in Hakoda’s absence, Bato ought to tell Aput how irresponsible he
was being and how he would get them all in trouble with the kind of people they didn’t want
trouble off.
As Bato, however, he wanted in.
“Give me some of that. They're selling face creams at the commissary and I want some.”
Bato said, reaching to grab some money.
Aput jerked his hand away, affronted. “Absolutely not.”

Bato raised an eyebrow. “Give me some, and I'll get Tulok off your back.”
“Tulok doesn’t even know.” Aput said smugly, before his smile fell, as if reading Bato’s
mind. “You wouldn’t dare-.”
“Tulok!” Bato yelled, running before Aput could catch him.
____
Tulok was furious, and said that stealing from their fellow prisoners would create bad blood
and wasn’t worth whatever goods Aput could immorally obtain. Tulok was furious, that is,
until Bato gifted him some particularly nice soaps he bought from the commissary with
Aput’s immorally obtained money. After that, Tulok turned a blind eye.
Within a few days, Aput and Bato became the business tycoons of Shuhon Prison, and Tulok
smelled better than ever.
Chena, however, was focussed on more pressing matters.
____
“Do you have to do that here? You're blocking my sun.” Bato whined from where he sat in
the sand, leaning back on his palms.
“I’m not moving the equipment because of your shallow agenda.” Chena hissed through
pants, muscles coiling and releasing with each weight he lifted. Even shirtless, he was
unbearably hot. How anyone could live in this accursed nation was beyond him. Still, he had
to keep up his fitness. Not only because he was a warrior and it was important for warriors to
be in pristine shape, but because he was strong, a threat, and he needed every fucker in this
shithole to know it.
“Ugh, fine.” Bato said, throwing up his hands in defeat as he stood up. “But know I’m
moving because you’re sweaty and gross, not because I gave in.”
Chena grinned, kicking Bato’s leg as he walked past. “Sounds like a sore loser to me.”
Without Bato’s whinging to distract him, Chena got sucked into his workout, tuning out of
the quiet everyday life of the prison that he was getting more and more accustomed to with
each dragging day. He didn’t like to get in his thoughts like this, but with nothing but the
burn of his muscles to distract him, it was inevitable. The Water Tribe warriors had been
fragmented after the invasion. The kids got away, the main bulk of their men got sent here,
and no one had a fucking clue where Hakoda or Kanut were. And until they knew more, they
were trapped here, desperately trying to think of some plan to escape, which wouldn’t happen
because Bato was good at politics and Chena was good at force and neither of them were
good at tactics, because Hakoda did that shit. But Hakoda wasn’t fucking here-.
Chena was snapped from his thoughts by the sound of footsteps, and he turned slightly to see
someone joining him by the equipment.

The girl was young, no older than fifteen, with impossibly short brown hair that curled
around her ears, and she wore a sleeveless tunic, Earth Kingdom, though her eyes were
enough to give her away. A violent green, glaring at Chena like he’d just personally insulted
her. Their aggression was jarring next to her round face, or her freckles, or her height, or
anything else about her that screamed that she was, regardless of their surroundings, a little
girl.
She was also the girl that flipped him off, and Chena glared. Chena didn’t like this girl; pity
was Tulok’s department.
The Earth Kingdom girl picked up a weight she was definitely too small to lift, and
proceeded to lift it effortlessly. Chena was mature enough not to start a competition with a
child, but if he lifted the next weight up to prove a point, then that was his business.
The girl responded in turn.
Chena matched her.
The sun inched across the sky and saw the two of them sweating and hissing through their
teeth as they lifted weight after agonising weight. The girl was struggling more than Chena;
she was half his size and logically should have paled against his muscle mass. But that didn’t
mean Chena wasn’t struggling too, as much as it pained him to admit it. She was just fucking
relentless, pushing on through spite alone. She was going to hurt herself if she kept this
idiocy up.
As she reached shakily for the next weight, Chena snapped.
“Would you fucking cut it out?” He snarled, and she turned to face him. Somehow, despite
her short hair now standing in messy spikes and her pale skin flushed a deep red, she still had
the energy to look smug, like she’d won. She hadn’t fucking won.
“What’s wrong, big guy? You struggling?” She hissed, her words clipped and sharp, green
eyes as cutting as the beginning. At least she was consistent.
“Please.” Chena scoffed. “Don’t hurt yourself on these, sweetheart. They put the weights
here for the men.”
The girl’s mouth fell open, rage flashing over her face, and the next thing Chena knew, she
was being yanked forcibly back by two other girls, cursing Chena with every word a little girl
ought not to know, seeming fully intent on beating the shit out of him.
“Kayda!” One of her friends shouted at her, hauling her back. “Cut it out!”
“Come on, babe, he’s not worth it.” The third girl said from the brat’s- Kayda’s other side
“Spirits, Chena,” Tulok groaned, jogging to Chena’s side upon hearing the commotion, “did
you just square up to a teenager?”
The again was left unsaid.

“She fucking started it!” Chena said, pointing accusingly at Kayda, who had composed
herself enough to yank her arms loose from the hold her friends had on her. If looks could
kill, Chena was sure he’d be dead.
“This isn’t over, asshole.” Kayda snarled, before storming away, followed hastily by the two
other girls.
Chena just stared, stunned. “Tui and La,” he growled to himself, “what the fuck are they
feeding kids these days.”
____
Ever since that first day, Tulok had kept an eye on the girl who waved at him, as well as her
two friends. Their group consisted of three teenage girls, and they stayed vehemently together
at all times. Tulok had been happy to just quietly observe them, making sure they were eating
alright and not being met with any trouble, but then the incident with Chena happened, and
Tulok realised that these girls might be the trouble in question. Or at least that Kayda girl.
Regardless, Tulok knew how Chena could be, and knew Chena would claim he didn’t start it
no matter what happened. So the next morning when the prisoners were allowed out into the
courtyard for the day, Tulok tentatively approached where the three girls tended to sit in the
far corner of the yard, rehearsing an apology in his head.
The closer he walked, the clearer he could see them.
Kayda was a freckled, tough-looking girl, the smallest of the three but with a temper to
compensate, and was leaning against the wall, green eyes locking on Tulok the moment he
started making his way towards them. Sat at her feet, back pressed to Kayda’s legs and with
Kayda absentmindedly twirling a lock of her hair, was the girl who waved at Tulok. She was
tall, all gangly, teenage limbs that she hadn’t quite grown into yet, and was almost always
smiling, her hair a pretty auburn that fell to her hips. She was the last to notice Tulok’s
approach, but her face lit up when she did; the picture of friendliness despite the meanlooking girl directly behind her.
The third and final girl was the eldest, but only then looked around sixteen. There was
something steady in her green gaze, something logical, smart, observant, and everything
about her was put-together, from her sharp face to her dark brown hair pulled back into a
neat, intricate braid. She was sat opposite the cheerful girl, and appeared to be doing
something with a piece of paper, head snapping up when she heard footsteps.
“Hello.” The smiling girl chirped as soon as Tulok stopped before them.
“Can we help you?” The girl with the braid asked, her voice deep and betraying nothing.
Kayda continued to glare, crossing her arms over her chest.
Tulok smiled softly. “I’d just like to apologise for my friend’s behaviour yesterday. Chena
means well, but he can be an idiot.”
“No kidding.” Kayda mumbled, earning a sharp glare from the dark-haired girl.

She considered him a moment, pushing her braid over her shoulder, before allowing a small
smile.
“Apology accepted. Kayda’s much the same. The only reason I didn’t come apologise too is
because it actually sounds like she was in the right this time.” The girl teased, though there
was a slight edge to her words.
“I’m always right.”
The girl at Kayda’s feet giggled, looking up. “Come on, Kay, let this one go.”
Kayda seemed to melt under the other girl’s gaze, working her jaw before rolling her eyes
and letting out a grumbled; “Fine.”
“You can sit, if you want.” The girl who waved said, and Tulok smiled gratefully, sitting
cross-legged beside the dark-haired girl. He saw the paper she’d been fiddling with had been
folded in all manner of strange ways, and felt his curiosity spike.
“I’m Keiko.” The happy girl grinned. “You already know Kayda,” Kayda jutted out her chin
as if challenging Tulok, “and this is Aneko.” The dark-haired girl, Aneko, nodded in greeting,
making Keiko laugh, cupping her mouth as if sharing a secret, whispering; “She's very
serious.”
“I believe you mean sensible.” Aneko corrected, lips quirked up in a small smile.
“Oh really?” Kayda questioned, tone somewhat bitter. “Is it sensible to stop me from getting
a prison tattoo?”
Aneko rubbed her temples tiredly. “Yes. And for the last time, I am not giving you a needle so
you can ink yourself up and tell everyone you got a prison tattoo.”
Kayda glared, before huffing angrily, uttering a moody; “I hate this fucking family.”
“Family?” Tulok asked. “You’re sisters?”
“In a sense.” Keiko grinned. “Not biologically, otherwise this might be a little awkward.” She
beamed up at Kayda, fingers brushing her thigh. “Wouldn’t it, my love?”
“You didn’t tell us your name.” Aneko said, seemingly used to wrangling back the
conversation. Tulok knew the feeling, and smiled.
“I’m Tulok, it’s lovely to meet you all.” Tulok said earnestly. “You’re Earth Kingdom?”
Keiko nodded, grinning proudly. “Yep, we’re Kyoshi Warriors.”
Tulok didn’t want to be rude, but Aneko only let out a gentle chuckle at the blank expression
on his face.
“The Kyoshi Warriors are a band of trained female warriors charged with protecting Kyoshi
Island.” Aneko explained, and Tulok felt his eyes widen in equal parts respect and surprise.

Respect, because they were warriors like him. And surprise, because they were, well... female
warriors.
But he’d travelled the Earth Kingdom somewhat since leaving for the war, and he knew their
nation did things differently than what he knew, and there was a tension in Kayda’s glare and
Aneko’s silence that said they were waiting for him to make the same mistake Chena did.
Tulok just nodded. “That’s very impressive.” He said. “I’m a warrior too, of the Southern
Water Tribe.”
“Like Sokka!” Keiko gasped in delight.
“You know Sokka?” Tulok asked, remembering the loud, witty kid on the Ullaakut before the
Avatar left, before the invasion, before everything went wrong.
“He travelled with the Avatar to our island a few months ago.” Aneko said, a warm smile on
her face.
“Suki had to teach him some respect too.” Kayda said, throwing a threatening glance to
where Chena was bickering with Bato on the other side of the courtyard.
“Suki?” Tulok asked, and felt the atmosphere palpably drop.
“Our leader.” Keiko said, looking dejectedly at her hands. “She was taken separate to us,
when we were arrested.”
“We don’t know where she is.” Aneko added, reaching over and placing a comforting hand to
Keiko’s leg.
“Doesn’t matter.” Kayda snapped. “Suki’s strong. She's the best of us. She’ll be okay, and so
will we.”
At first, Tulok had thought it strange that these girls, so incontestably different in
temperament, were clearly such close friends, but he understood now. Keiko was the heart
that kept the trio true. Aneko was the brain that kept them grounded. And Kayda was the
strength, the muscle, that kept them honest. When one pulled, the other two pushed. When
one turned left, the other two jumped right. No bases left uncovered. No back left
unprotected. This was what it meant to work in harmony, and Tulok couldn’t help but look
over at his friends. Chena and Aput were roughhousing like idiots, Bato laughing loudly
when Chena almost fell over, and he thought of the Chief’s easy smile and Kanut’s dry wit,
Tomkin’s horrendous pranks and Nanook’s steady presence, and they could all be so
ridiculous sometimes, but they were Tulok’s family. He'd followed them to war, to battle, to
enemy territory, and one day, he would follow them home.
“Our leader was separated from us too.” Tulok said, and Aneko’s gaze widened. “But I have
faith in him. He's smart, strong.” Tulok grinned fiercely. “There's not a cell in the world that
could keep the Chief contained.”

Aneko watched him for a few seconds, as if she’d suddenly found something interesting,
before she smiled a kind smile, picking up the folded paper before her.
“Tulok,” she said, “have you ever made origami?”
Tulok frowned, intrigued. “I can’t say I have, no.”
Aneko’s smile widened. “I’ll teach you.”
____
The end of the tribesmen's first week in prison saw them sat in the canteen with the Kyoshi
Warriors. Tulok had spent more and more time with them, telling Aput about the ever-calm
Aneko, as the two of them would pass hours in comfortable silence folding paper into
beautiful shapes; diamonds and crane-swans and even a shuriken once. Keiko had welcomed
the prospect of new friends, and had immediately hit it off with Bato when he traded one of
his precious face creams for one of her many hair ribbons. Kayda was reluctant, but went
where her friends went. Chena was the same, and it saw the two of them glaring at each other
over the rickety metal table.
Aput wouldn’t have gone out of his way to include the young girls as Tulok had, but he
couldn’t say he was disappointed. This was no place for kids, and it was nice to be able to
keep an eye on them.
“How’s business?” Tulok asked Aput, quirking a knowing brow, the hum of the loud canteen
almost drowning the shorter man out.
Aput grinned, feeling the coins heavy in his pocket. “Booming.”
“Who knew we’d thrive in prison, eh?” Bato elbowed Aput with a laugh, and Aput couldn’t
help but chuckle. No matter how many times he bested the other prisoners at cards, they still
came back, each time with more determination and, of course, more money.
“I reckon I could win a game.” Kayda decided with a proud jerk of her chin.
Chena’s curling smile was evil. “I agree. Aput, you should play Kayda.”
Aput pulled a face, kicking Chena under the table, expression his usual ‘stop being a dick’
that Chena often had thrown his way.
“What’s this about?” Keiko asked, smiling innocently but a little confused as she looked
between the two men.
Bato, who had a soft spot for the cheerful girl, lowered his voice conspiringly. "Aput rigs the
games. That's how we keep winning.”
Keiko gasped, covering her mouth to hide her giggle.
“Sooner or later, that will probably come back to bite you.” Aneko noted, no judgement in
her voice, only observation.

“Sooner, rather than later.”
Aput tensed, following Tulok’s narrowed gaze, not liking his suddenly cautious tone, and he
tracked his blue stare all the way to two of the other prisoners, walking towards them from
the other side of the canteen. They were regulars at Aput’s card games. Burly men with ugly
faces and ugly tempers, hellbent on winning.
“Shit.” Aput hissed beneath his breath.
“Abort, abort, abort-.” Bato said quickly, pushing to his feet only to be yanked down again by
Aput.
“Absolutely not.” Aput said, still with a firm grip on Bato’s arm. “You don't get to abandon
me now.”
“Of course not!” Bato smiled charmingly, sickeningly false. “We’re warriors, brothers. My
loyalty is undying.”
“Gentlemen!” One of the large prisoners boomed, stopping before them, a small smile on his
face. “We were wondering if we could have a little,” he cracked his knuckles, “chat.”
Bato looked to Aput. Aput shook his head violently. Bato shrugged, not even trying to look
apologetic, before grabbing Chena’s arm and using it as a shield; “It was Aput’s idea! He’s
the one who rigs the games!”
The entire canteen silenced, tension thickening the air and pushing down upon Aput as he
stared at the twisting expressions of the two prisoners before him. Rage was immediate, but
before it, there was a flicker of confusion, and Aput realised that they hadn’t known about the
cards.
Spirits, Aput was going to kill Bato.
“You’ve been cheating us?” One of the men finally snarled, and Aput raised his hands
placatingly.
“Now, now, fellas, let’s be mature about this.” Aput tried, but he could almost taste their
anger.
He just had time to jump from his seat, leaping atop the table, before a fist swung his way,
and he was ready for a fight by then, accepting his fate, accepting the ‘I told you so’ from
Tulok he’d receive later, but just as the prisoner regathered himself, shifting his stance into
something more stable, Aput heard something move behind him, and suddenly, Kayda was
stood up on the table with him.
A pie was hurled at the big prisoner’s face, splattering down his chest.
Kayda’s grin was manic, eyes rabid, and there was a moment of infinite silence broken only
by the sound of pie slopping to the floor, before Kayda lifted her hands to cup her mouth and
hollered; “FOOD FIGHT!”

And just like that, the canteen descended into chaos.
____
Chena was the first to move. It didn’t even matter that the call to action came from that brat
Kayda; he’d been needing to release his frustrations for days. Whether it be through snapping
at the stupid Kyoshi Warrior or hurling jook at anything with a pulse, Chena was game. He
grabbed handfuls of food from now abandoned trays, the prisoners around him attacking one
another with the vehemence of a true fight, and threw it at anyone unlucky enough to move
within his line of sight, all the while desperately avoiding getting caught in the messy
crossfire. The guards shouted and scurried around like ant-flies, but the prisoners
outnumbered them, too busy laughing and wiping dripping food from their faces to notice the
increasing panic of the Fire Nation.
There were beans sliding down Chena’s cheek and his fingers were coated in a disgusting
mixture of all the foods he’d grabbed, and he lost sight of Tulok almost immediately but he
could see Aput and Bato laughing as they pummelled each other with those hideous ‘fire
flakes’ - which ironically had been awarded the prisoners for good behaviour.
Chena grabbed a handful of rice and threw it directly into the face of a man charging at him,
scoffing in satisfaction when it hit home, the man ducking dramatically to the side to reveal
Keiko. She was stood a few metres away from Chena, and he instinctively felt the need to run
to her. She was such a cheerful little girl; she’d need protecting. But there she stood in the
middle of the chaos, and Chena clocked after a moment that she didn’t have a single crumb
on her.
“Babe, look!” Keiko smiled innocently, looking to where Kayda had a prisoner in a headlock,
mushing figs into his hair. Without hesitation or mercy, Keiko, still smiling, slammed an
entire roasted duck onto a man’s head.
Kayda laughed loudly. “Look at you!”
She was so distracted by her girlfriend’s slightly terrifying antics that she didn’t see the
woman running at her from the other side of the canteen. Chena felt like he was watching it
unfold in slow motion. The woman – clearly with a personal grudge if her battle cry was
anything to go by – sprinted through the flying food and shouting guards, grabbing a teapot
from the nearest table, sloshing it down herself in her hurry. Kayda, oblivious, was still
smiling at Keiko.
The entire pot of now cold tea was poured over her, and for a moment, she froze. Tea-sodden
hair stuck to her cheeks, eyes slammed shut and mouth open in a gasp, before she turned on
the woman, lip curling in a snarl.
Chena didn’t like Kayda.
Chena didn’t even like tea.
But Kanut did, and Kanut had been taken away from them, and Kanut was suddenly all
Chena could picture, and Kanut would see this as a travesty.

Chena couldn’t name the sudden searing rage he felt in that moment. All he knew was a
single, simple thought:
What a waste of good fucking tea.
Chena closed the distance between him and the woman before chucking a whole bowl of
some weird Fire Nation soup at her, grinning victoriously as it completely drenched her.
Kayda barked out a surprised laugh, looking to Chena first giddily, but then cautiously.
“For Kanut.” Chena nodded.
Kayda smiled politely, clapping a hand to Chena’s arm. “I don’t know what the fuck that
means.”
They were being circled by the other prisoners now, singled out as a consequence of pissing
everyone off with their aggression, and Chena realised all too late that he’d run out of
ammunition. All the food nearby had been scrounged and launched, leaving him in the
sodden aftermath; defenceless.
Defenceless, but for Kayda at his side.
Their eyes met, reluctant understanding filling them.
“I still don’t fucking like you.” Chena said.
Kayda nodded. “The feeling is mutual.”
With that made abundantly clear, they truced, turning towards their fellow prisoners who
suddenly looked a lot less sure about their line of attack. Unified, they charged.
Kayda was quick, using her small size and deceiving muscle to twist and duck and lunge,
manipulating clearly combative moves into less damaging ones. Chena was more about force,
using brute strength and his own body as a battering ram. Between the two of them, they
were unstoppable, raining food and evil laughter upon any prisoner who dared get in their
way.
“You know,” Chena panted, “we make a pretty good team.”
“Let me guess,” Kayda said, shaking out her now curling hair, “I’m tough for such a helpless
little girl?”
Chena rolled his eyes, but felt something settle in his chest. Truth be told, the ways of his
village were not the ways of the world, and he knew that. He didn’t think that made them
wrong, but he wasn’t ignorant enough to expect women everywhere to fit into his categories.
The comment he made to Kayda when they first met was rude, and condescending, and she
had every right to be angry with him. He realised that now, and when they weren’t in danger
of being murdered with a fruit tart, Chena would try to apologise.
Truth be told, he hadn’t made that comment because Kayda was a little girl.

He made that comment because she would be about the same age as his little girl, and he
liked to think his daughter was going to take after him, in his stupid pigheaded ways and
punch-first-question-later attitude. Kayda was... too much, at first. Too much of the baby he
never got to see grow into a little girl.
But if he couldn’t have one, he supposed siding with another during a food fight in a Fire
Nation prison was an alright second option.
____
“This is all your fault!” Aput yelled, throwing noodles at Bato.
“How was I supposed to know they only wanted to ask about Chena’s workout routine?!”
Bato shouted back, desperately ducking away, using his hands to shield his face as much as
possible.
“‘My loyalty is undying’, what the fuck was that?” Aput snarled, but he was trying not to
smile, and Bato was laughing, and Aput’s smile only grew when he saw an untouched dish of
peanut sauce.
Bato followed his gaze, eyes widening when he spotted the weapon.
“No.” He said, holding up his finger, as if that would stop the now advancing Aput. “No, do
not. That's too far. There are lines that men do not cross with each other and this is one of
them. Aput? Aput-?!”
His cry for mercy was cut off by Aput tackling him to the ground, smearing sauce all over his
face as his fellow warrior screamed and swore and tried to wrestle free to no avail.
“Tulok!” Bato roared as sauce was smeared right over his eye. “Tulok! Help!”
Tulok wasn’t listening.
Tulok was hiding beneath a table.
____
As soon as the fighting broke out, Tulok and Aneko raced to find safety. Safety, it seemed,
came in the form of hiding beneath a table, eating the cakes that were supposed to be for the
guards and muffling their laughter behind crumb-laden hands. Aneko's usually infallible
braid had come loose a little, and Tulok got an idea.
Eventually, the guards wrangled the prisoners back to their cells, promising cuts to privileges
and no prisoners allowed out of their cells for an entire week. As they squelched back,
resigned to their punishments, a few of them still chuckling, Aput had an entire noodle stuck
to his cheek, and Bato was fretfully trying to rub sauce off his face, and Chena looked like
he’d dived headfirst into a pantry.
Tulok, however, simply had a few cake crumbs on his hands, dark hair pulled neatly back in
an Earth Kingdom braid.

____
Across the courtyard, Aneko smiled as she flipped a Water Tribe braid over her shoulder.
____
The week saw the two groups of warriors communicating through gestures across the
courtyard. It dragged by gruellingly, boringly, and left the prisoners far too much time with
their own thoughts. Thoughts of invasions and lost friends and fear.
When they were finally allowed back out into the courtyard to socialise, the Kyoshi Warriors
didn’t hesitate to come hang out with the tribesmen, and they joked and shared stories like
old friends. They were so caught up in their relief of being out of their cells that it took
Aneko a while to notice something was wrong.
“Keiko, where’s Kayda?” She asked, frowning at the other girl.
Keiko smiled knowingly, but shrugged.
“Chena’s gone too.” Tulok noted, feeling his stomach dip. “You don’t think they’ve killed
each other, do you?”
As if hearing his concern, Chena and Kayda appeared, both grinning from ear to ear and both
making the usually friendly expression look menacing.
“What did you do?” Tulok asked without hesitation, and Chena gasped in mock offence.
“No fucking trust with you.” He said, rolling his eyes.
“Language.” Aput said, before catching Kayda’s eye. Her glare must have reminded him
immediately of Toph, because he mumbled a quiet; “Sorry.”
“Seriously, where have you two been?” Bato asked, and it was one of the rare occasions
where he actually looked serious.
Chena and Kayda shared a conspiring glance, before they both pulled their tunics slightly to
reveal their shoulders. Kayda bit her lip to stop from laughing, and Chena’s expression was
beyond smug.
“You...” Tulok tried, but found himself speechless as he stared at two tiny inked images of a
teacup.
Surprisingly, it was Aneko who broke the stunned silence, her usually calm tone becoming a
disbelieving yell;
“You got matching tattoos?!”

Chapter End Notes

obsessed with aneko and tulok's friendship being all 'make origami together, very calm,
soft smiles, braid each other’s hair, eat cake beneath a table while everyone else fights,
literally so pure'
and then there's chena and kayda, who are here to watch the world burn

Chapter 28: ii. The Crossroads Of Destiny
Chapter Notes

it's a sticky one boys. jinkies 2.2 electric boogaloo. remember when i said bring a
therapist for this one? yeah maybe bring two because the angst ran away with me and
was too flirty and sexy for me to deny
abby made another vine comp because she is just iconic like that, go watch! and there's
also two other vine comps which i have been watching on repeat here and here AND a
taob-as-community video that i definitely wasn't supposed to link last chapter no sir.
okay finally, abby also - because she is a very hard-working gal - made this edit for taob
and when i tell you it made me cry festive tears over christmas oh my GOSH
okay i THINK that's everything, enjoy the chapter!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“I thought we were in a rush?” Zuko asked with a heavy glare, stood in the armoury doorway
as Suki pottered about the weapons. Chit Sang had just left them with the promise of
deliverance, and Suki had said it was logical for them to look for any more weapons that
could be useful before they met up with the others, though Zuko had a hunch she was just
looking for any of her other belongings. He didn’t begrudge her that. He knew what it was
like to be taken somewhere and lose everything to that place, everything from your own
clothes to your own weapons to your own mind. He knew what it was like to see a fragment
of that again. He knew that insatiable urge to piece yourself back together. Here, as Suki
searched fretfully, she was ready to collect herself and push all the broken pieces back into
one. Zuko thought of old crockery, mended with gold, a little nicer for it. Kintsugi.
And here Zuko stood with a glare and a hammer, ready to turn whatever was left of himself
to dust. Uncle would say something about choices, or paths in a forest, or something that
made no sense. But Uncle wasn’t here, and it wasn’t Zuko’s choice. It was pushed into his
hands, for Zi Se. It was right, in the most cruel, wrong way.
Zuko snapped his gaze down the corridor at the sound of movement. “Someone’s coming.”
He hissed, and Suki was at his side in a few quick paces, face stony, serious, ready.
Two guards rounded the corner, just passing onto the next corridor, and Zuko sucked in a
breath, lowering the flames of the torches around him and Suki a little, sinking readily into
the shadows.
“-such short notice though.” One guard was saying, tone flustered.

“The warden’s gonna be a nightmare now.” The other responded gruffly. “He was bad enough
without the Fire Princess visiting. With her coming today without warning?” He audibly
shuddered. “Let’s just say, we’re gonna be working overtime.”
Zuko completely froze, every muscle in his body turning rigid, and his mind blanked aside
the memory of a single girl.
Azula.
Perfect black hair. Quick gold eyes. Curled lips. Young, innocent, untainted enough to be
scared.
Azula.
Ember Island. Giggling. Hiding and eavesdropping. Father's.
Father's going to kill you.
Azula.
Holding humanity like a rattling teacup. They were raised to know how to hold their tea, how
to drink it, how to sit, spine straight and chin out, proud. But this etiquette was one Azula
never learned, this cup one she'd never held before, pooling with kindness and love and
mercy. Never enough. Splintered up the side. Golden. Quick gold eyes. Kintsugi. She smiled
around the rim but never drank. Maybe it was poisoned. Maybe her hands would shake, that
fragile clatter enough to deafen. It wasn’t worth the risk of it.
Azula, Azula, Azula.
Three years.
Zuko had been gone three years. All this time agonising over the four months that were
stolen from him, and only now did Zuko realise that it was longer than that, bigger than that.
His whole life, people had been taking things from him, and it took this, all of this, this
cataclysm of fear and pain and a rabid animal trapped behind his ribs, to realise that Azula
had been taken from him too.
His baby sister.
His baby sister, who had never been perfect, who he wished would leave countless times,
who made his life so much more miserable than it had to be.
His baby sister, who regardless of all that was a child too, who didn’t know better, who was
just doing her best.
Azula was here.
“What was that about?” Suki hissed, and Zuko – through the sudden roaring of shadows
brushing dust from their shoulders – managed to slide his gaze to the girl beside him to see
she was glaring at him, fans held up defensively. She looked cautious, Zuko noticed, but he

felt like he was watching from outside of his body, all his reactions slow and late. He didn’t
care about this room or Suki or all the pointless shit that trudged relentlessly on around him.
Zuko was tired. Every day he woke up and he was still tired. He was tired of giving,
watching those more powerful than him tear chunks from his body, watching them maul what
was his and keep it, watching as sometimes they handed it back and expected him to know
what to do with the carcass. He couldn’t fix this. He didn’t know how. He had no gold to fill
the cracks of his heart and mind. He only had a blade and two burning fists.
He was tired of giving.
He was tired of being ruined by those more powerful than him.
And as the thoughts raced through his head, darting and diving like a feather falling to the
ground, he felt his chest tighten, his injured ribs pulling, because this wasn’t fear, and this
wasn’t to keep Zi Se safe. This eagle-hawk in his chest had a new name, and Zuko didn’t
know what that was.
All he knew was that those more powerful than him had bowed to their applause long
enough.
Zuko wanted the brush now, the script, the role, the power.
“Hey!” Suki nudged Zuko’s shoulder, and he blinked, snapping violently back. “I said what
was that about?”
“Azula’s coming here.” Zuko said simply, breathing deep now it felt like something small
had loosened within him.
Suki considered that a few seconds, before pointing her fan to Zuko’s neck. “This is a set-up,
isn’t it? Both of you here at the same time? You suddenly helping us? I should have known
better.”
I should have known better. Zuko couldn’t help but smirk. That was exactly what Sokka said.
“It’s not a set-up.” Zuko said, and it shouldn’t have been enough to convince Suki, but Suki
was smart. Her accusation seemed to stem from a need to highlight any risks, as if assessing a
battle. She wasn’t the type to go back on her word though, and she’d decided to trust Zuko in
her cell. They were in too deep for her to refute that now, and the indignant scowl on her face
said she recognised that.
“Swear it.” She hissed, and Zuko sighed.
“I swear it."
Suki nodded once, before pulling back her fans, stepping out of Zuko’s space. She didn’t
apologise, and Zuko valued not having his limbs hacked up by a fan too much to allow
himself to scoff.
Eventually, Suki finished looking through the armoury, satisfied with her fans. The doors of
the library towered over their heads, a gateway to a crypt that would pull Zuko’s haunted soul

down even further.
He'd just gained another ghost.
It was time to face his old ones.
____
Sokka looked to Kanut. The healer of the Ullaakut and a rough-looking man with a sharp wit
Sokka had always respected. He read to him when Sokka was little and there had never been
a time when he wasn’t at Hakoda’s side.
Sokka looked to Iroh. The Fire Nation General and a stout old man with kind wrinkles beside
his eyes. He helped Sokka fight against Azula in Ba Sing Se, and they had to leave him
behind to save Aang.
Sokka knew them as individuals, but as he took a deep breath and looked at the two men
stood side by side like it was the most natural thing in the world, his mind tumbled to a stop.
“What the fuck.” He finally muttered. Not a question, just a general observation.
“We were cellmates.” Kanut offered with a shit-eating grin, like he knew how much he was
messing with Sokka’s already fragile peace of mind.
“Tui and La, they were cellmates.” Sokka whispered, more to himself than anyone else.
“I’m just glad you’re okay.” Hakoda said from Sokka’s side, disbelieving blue eyes still
scanning over Kanut like he was waiting for him to evaporate before him. They'd only been
separated for just over a week, but it was the threat that hurt the most. In splitting the pair up,
in splitting the Water Tribe up, the Fire Nation had threatened the kind of damage that was
permanent. Hakoda knew better than anyone how lucky they were to be in this library
together now. All of them.
“Chief Hakoda, it is an honour and a pleasure to meet you.” Iroh said, his voice that low, soft
rumble as he bowed his head. “Kanut has told me a lot about the,” he hesitated, eyes
narrowing, “events of the past few months. I'm led to believe I owe you a great deal.”
Sokka wasn’t even touching his dad, but he still felt him tense, saw his lips part in shock
before clamping shut, resigned, finally settling on a sad smile.
“It wasn’t transactional, Your Highness.” Hakoda said quietly, and Sokka frowned. The
atmosphere of this archaic space had suddenly thickened into something not easily
swallowed, and Sokka had the distinct impression he was the only one who didn’t know what
was being talked about. It reminded him of when he was little, when the warriors would
discuss things above his head, voices quiet, when they’d mouth certain words and think
Sokka was too young to catch them. It reminded him of that safe condescension. Part of him
missed it, that lack of responsibility. But that wasn’t the life he lived anymore, and now, it
made him angry.
“What are you talking about?” Sokka asked, looking accusingly between the three men.

Hakoda and Iroh had the decency to look sheepish, like they’d been caught, but Kanut only
held Sokka’s gaze.
“We should light some torches in here.” He said, completely ignoring Sokka’s question in
favour of glaring distastefully at the shadows. Sokka opened his mouth to snap at the healer,
but Hakoda spoke before he got the chance, quickly snatching this opportunity for a change
in topic.
“Good idea. Sokka, you found some before, right?”
Sokka glared at his dad, every inch the surly teenager, but he realised Hakoda wasn’t going to
budge. It wasn’t a mystery who Katara got that insufferable stubbornness from, and Sokka
knew he himself possessed it, but that didn’t mean it wasn’t infuriating to have it turned on
him.
“Come on, smartass. Let's get them.” Kanut said, and Sokka hesitated for a final hopeful
second before following, leaving Hakoda and Iroh to talk about something without him. How
unfair was that? Sokka had travelled miles of enemy territory, broken into a supposedly
unbreachable prison, had been forced to befriend Prince Zuko, spent the night, and had
managed to get his dad all the way down here without being caught, and the adults still had
the nerve to baby him? He was sixteen. He was a warrior. He was perfectly capable of
handling whatever it was they were talking about, thank you very much. And don’t get him
started on the fact he had to figure out which prison his dad was in by himself, with nothing
but scraps of information, in a secret lair, in the Western Air Temple, and-.
“Are you done feeling sorry for yourself?” Kanut asked politely the moment they turned into
the maze of bookshelves, hidden from Hakoda and Iroh.
Sokka blinked dumbly, before scoffing. “Hey-.”
“Ah, ah, ah!” Kanut waggled his finger in front of Sokka’s face. “I don’t want to hear it. I’m
not about to patronise you and say there’s a war going on and that there are things you don’t
understand just yet, because you know all that. Wish you didn’t, but you do. Just,” Kanut
frowned, before smirking, ruffling Sokka’s hair, "trust us for a little while longer, would
you?”
“I’m not a child anymore. You can’t just keep me out of things. It's too late for that.” Sokka
growled, trying not to let his temper get the best of him.
Kanut’s expression twisted, almost pained. “Yeah, I know.” He mumbled, before clearing his
throat. “Listen, if things go according to plan, then you’re gonna see some things today that
make no sense, and that’s why I need you to trust us. Your dad has a lot to tell you, but this
isn’t the time or the place. Okay, smartass?”
Sokka narrowed his eyes, the storm of frustration and anger and injustice swirling within him
still, before sighing, letting himself deflate. He knew Hakoda and Kanut would never do
anything to him out of spite, he knew they were always looking out for him. It was why they
left him behind, all those years ago. That didn’t make it fair though. It didn’t make it fair that

Sokka had to just keep accepting these things, had to keep accepting half-answers and baldfaced lies, had to keep accepting this bitter confusion.
But if the war had taught him anything, it taught him how to muffle his feelings. He had to be
strong, for Katara who cared too much, for Toph who wasn’t as tough as she claimed, for
Aang who was so scared of what he was and what he had to do. He had to be strong, because
Suki wasn’t here yet and he had to get everyone out. He had to be strong, because this was
his fault.
“Torches are over here.” Sokka said, plastering on a playful smirk. “And stop calling me a
smartass. My genius should not be reduced to a mere derogatory term.”
Kanut rolled his eyes, shoving Sokka’s shoulder. “Whatever you say, smartass.” Kanut turned
in the direction of where Hakoda and Iroh would be, behind a few rows of bookshelves.
“Hey, Iroh? If you’re done gossiping, come light these torches for us.”
Sokka found the three torches he’d left, scooping them up just as Iroh found him and Kanut,
and Sokka held out each one for him to light. He trusted Iroh, he did, but Sokka couldn’t help
but flinch each time a flame shot his way, exploding into bright light as it caught the torch.
“Iroh?” Sokka was talking before he even registered what he wanted to ask.
Iroh took two torches from Sokka, handing one to Kanut. “Yes, Sokka?”
“You know how firebending is always, like, you know, orange...” Sokka said messily, his
mind shouting at him that really? This was what he was asking right now? Sokka had
hundreds, thousands, of questions, like what was Hakoda hiding from him? Why was Iroh
here? Was Suki okay? They were in the middle of a prison break, and here Sokka was
thinking of a curled smirk, bathed in burning blue, warring golden eyes...
“Well,” he rubbed the back of his neck, "Azula's is blue, right? And I just sort of assumed it
was always like that, but now I'm kinda wondering... I mean.... like hypothetically... can a
firebender’s fire change colour over time?”
It was easier than saying ‘hey when you helped us in Ba Sing Se you refused to talk about
Zuko no matter how much Aang badgered you about him, and we all just assumed that meant
you’d realised he was an evil piece of shit and the two of you parted ways, but I just spent the
night in a confined space with him and he wasn’t too bad actually and, get this, he now has
blue fire and nice hair. Thoughts?’ Because somehow, Sokka didn’t see that going down too
well.
Iroh's expression darkened, grey eyebrows tugging together, thinking of his niece while
Sokka thought of his nephew, and Sokka didn’t realise he was leaning forward, ready to catch
any whisper of information the old man gave him, until he heard the doors creak open,
causing the three of them to jump.
All thoughts of reticent teenage firebenders and enemies who struggled to act like it were
chased away, and Sokka grinned, hope filling him.

Suki.
____
Hakoda watched Kanut escort Sokka away, into the labyrinthine rows of bookshelves, out of
sight. Sokka went moodily, reluctantly, and Hakoda felt his heart twist. He felt like he did on
the Ullaakut, when everyday he would look Sokka in the eye and refuse to tell him about
Zuko. It wasn’t lying, but it was withholding, and Hakoda had never liked to do that with his
kids. He'd used excuses back then, told himself he’d tell Sokka and Katara when the time was
right, when things were calmer, better, when he had some form of closure, no matter how farfetched that seemed.
Now, he decided to keep Sokka out of it because it was the smart thing to do. They were in
the Boiling Rock, and Zuko deserved more than the rushed explanation he would get during a
prison break.
But that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt to exclude Sokka after so many years forced away from
him.
“He’s a very smart boy, your Sokka. You should be very proud.” Iroh said, watching Hakoda.
Hakoda smiled. “I am.” Hakoda breathed, turning to face the much shorter man. “More than
anything in the world.”
Hakoda felt himself tense with the knowledge that he was alone with Iroh. This man was a
Fire Nation royal, and dealing with that wasn’t the kind of thing that came easier with
experience. But Kanut trusted him, and Kanut’s trust had never been a thing easily given. He
was good at reading, people as well as books, and if Iroh was a friend of Kanut’s, then he was
a friend of Hakoda’s.
“General, do you mind me asking why you’re here?” Hakoda asked, finally voicing his
confusion. It was infuriating enough that Kanut had risked coming here just for Hakoda, but
what reason did the Dragon of the West have?
Iroh drew himself up in a deep inhale, before sighing, staring at the large library doors.
“My nephew has his mother’s heart and his father’s temper,” Iroh said quietly, “and those are
two contradictions that he has battled with his entire life. I left him alone a great deal, and I
fear that was a mistake. I stood by his side, yes, but I left him alone...” the old General’s
breath caught shakily, face pained, “and now I think he has resigned himself to that very
solitude.”
Hakoda didn’t understand what Iroh was saying, not fully, but he knew enough to make the
hairs on the back of his neck stand straight. His mother’s heart and his father’s temper.
Hakoda remembered a boy, terrified. Hakoda remembered the burn on Tomkin’s arm that had
now healed as a scar. Hakoda remembered the horror that followed it, and the apology, and
the honesty. Contradictory. It was the perfect word for Zuko. Zuko, the boy of two swords
and two halves.

There was a lump in Hakoda’s throat that he couldn’t swallow. He knew what Iroh was about
to say, but he hadn’t translated the thought into something coherent yet. It was on the tip of
his tongue. Part of him wanted it to remain unsaid.
“General Fong is here.” Iroh said, and the poison with which he said the man’s name made
even Hakoda flinch. “And so is Zuko.”
Iroh left Hakoda to his thoughts to help Kanut and Sokka, and Hakoda stayed frozen in place,
because between those two sentences was the explanation Hakoda hadn’t wanted to hear.
General Fong is here. The man who brutalised a helpless teenager despite knowing it wasn’t
gaining him anything, who did unforgivable, irredeemable things, who deserved every horror
that came his way.
And so is Zuko. The boy who fumbled good intentions with the awkwardness of someone
who had been demonised for them his entire life. The boy whose heart was soft but whose
anger burned as bright as the flames he held. It could blind him. It could make him do stupid,
stupid things, like fight a warrior twice his size or mouth off to a captor or keep on going no
matter how many times he was told to stop.
And now, Zuko was here, and Zuko was angry, and Zuko was going to keep on going.
General Fong was going to die today.
The double-doors of the library were tall and beautiful, engraved wood older than Hakoda
himself, and that age made them groan whenever they were pushed across the dusty floor. It
was that loud complaint that snapped Hakoda from his dark mind, but he thought even
without it, he would have looked up. It was an instinctive thing, like how even in a crowd,
Hakoda could spot Sokka and Katara, like how Hakoda could always tell it was Tomkin
approaching through nothing else but his footfalls. He looked up because it was instinctive, a
steady warmth instead of burning. Hakoda knew who would be stood there. He knew he
would never be ready to see them like this. He knew it would devastate him.
Slowly, Hakoda lifted his head, and met Zuko’s burning stare.
____
Five months ago, Chena grabbed Zuko in a mean grip and marched him before Hakoda, and
Zuko had been terrified but dedicated to a dignified death. He didn’t know yet that Hakoda
told jokes and stories and knew every inscrutable trait of his crew. He didn’t know yet that
Hakoda was kind as well as strong, merciful as well as smart.
Four months ago, Zuko sat beside Hakoda in a tent, Hakoda’s hand holding his wrist as he
tried to validate a part of Zuko that, until then, he’d never even considered as anything but
wrong.
Do it, coward. Snarled through bloody teeth. Kill me. And that was the tone of their
introduction; fatal, dangerous, the end of a life.

Someone by your side, not ahead. Someone who listens. Someone who loves you as you are,
unconditionally, without expecting something in return. Whispered gently, inadvertently selfdescriptive. You are not my father. And that was the tone of their separation; caring, safe, the
end of a lifestyle.
Today, Zuko stood in the doorway of a prison library and found his gaze once again meeting
blue, and everything else froze.
There, stood before a table coated in old books and a layer of dust, was Chief Hakoda.
Distantly, Zuko was aware of Suki offering a pleasant greeting, he was aware of the
bookshelves and the sliding doors and soft splash of boiling water outside, he was aware of
the distance between him and Hakoda. Two steps, give or take. The same number of steps
he’d taken into the library before everything shuddered to a stop. Two steps before him. Two
steps behind him. Each space, a chasm. Each space, infinitesimal. All this pain, all this terror,
and it had been reduced to two little steps.
That realisation, the magnitude of it all suddenly melting into the first tolerable amount Zuko
had been able to handle in months, made him suck in a breath. And then exhale. And then
inhale. The air was cool, soft, like a salve on a burn.
He didn’t notice himself trembling until he tried to speak, and the words came out shaky, wet,
almost silent; “I didn’t leave.”
Hakoda’s face had been frozen, like a portrait painted of someone long since passed, but it
crumpled upon those three words. Agni, he was really here.
“I know.” Hakoda said, and his voice was smoother than it was in Zuko’s dreams, in Zuko’s
nightmares, just like his eyes were kinder than the piercing blues detailing the shadows of
Zuko’s mind.
“I had no choice.” Zuko choked out. He needed to say the words. He needed to hear them
spoken. He knew it wasn’t necessary, that Hakoda was good and in turn would know, but
Zuko needed this. He was desperate for it. In a sense, it was closure. The act was still in play,
the plot was yet to tie up all the ends. Until it did, Zuko couldn’t move on to the next act.
He had to finish this.
“I know.” Hakoda said again, and stepped forward.
One step between them.
One step forward, two steps back.
One step, and Zuko’s eyes travelled over Hakoda’s unfamiliar red prison tunic, stomach
roiling uncomfortably only to settle at the sight of harsh cheekbones and beaded hair and
arms that had once hugged him.
One step, and Zuko remembered that night. Tomkin's shock, Chena’s anger, Kanut’s steady
stare. The Chief’s tent. Zuko had spoken of Mother, of Uncle, of Father. He had unwound the

threads of a burning blanket, and Hakoda had gently extinguished it, managing to piece the
bloody ashes back together into something soft, something caring. Warm, not burning. And
he’d blanketed Zuko in safety without question or motive, and now, Zuko ached for it. He
wanted to go back to that moment. He wanted all of this to go away.
He felt like a child all of a sudden, because he just wanted to curl up into a ball and cry.
“I fought them.” Zuko managed to whisper, throat tightening. “I did, I really tried, I-.”
And then Zuko’s words got caught against Hakoda’s chest, and two big arms wrapped around
his shoulders and just held him, and it pressed against old wounds and it hurt but Zuko didn’t
care, because it smelt of salt and security and he was just so, so tired. He was too tired to let
go. He was too tired to do anything but clutch Hakoda’s tunic and hold his breath to hide a
wince.
And it broke his heart, because this wasn’t a reunion.
This was the goodbye they never got to have.
“You don’t have to do this.” Hakoda said, and there was something grounding about hearing
that. Hakoda already knew why he was here, because Hakoda was logical, and the next
logical step was for Zuko to kill Fong.
Zuko pulled away, clamping his hiss of pain behind his teeth as he did so. Hakoda seemed
reluctant to let him go and that made everything hurt even more, but he did, expression dark,
troubled, eyebrows furrowed. He was looking at Zuko like he didn’t recognise him, like the
scar on his jaw and the shadows beneath his eyes and the mess of black hair was all some
costume, like he was waiting for Zuko to take off the mask and reveal his old self. His old,
moody, imperfect self. Zuko wanted to say that he didn’t know where to find that boy. Zuko
wanted to say that boy was dead. Zuko wanted to say he didn’t know if Fong had killed him
or if he had killed himself. Zuko wanted to say so much and it made the bird in his chest sing
a sharp, broken melody. But he didn’t say anything. He just stood, and stared, and didn’t
change his mind.
Zuko was saved from answering by loud footsteps, and suddenly, Sokka burst from around a
bookshelf, a grin splitting his face as he spotted Suki. Suki, who was stood to the side, green
eyes studying both Hakoda and Zuko, narrowed and uncertain, studious. She blinked a
second after Sokka’s appearance, plastering on a happy smile.
“Sokka!” She beamed, and the two ran to each other, crashing together in a relieved hug. It
seemed... easy. Natural. Zuko felt Hakoda staring at him and was too cowardly to meet his
eye.
Sokka turned his smile – that infuriatingly easy smile – on where Zuko and Hakoda stood.
They were side-by-side, Hakoda’s arm brushing Zuko’s, a tension between them but also a
lapse back into a once familiar tone. They were positioned like equals, or friends, which
wasn’t even nearly enough to describe the relationship Hakoda and Zuko had built over so
short a time, but was still so mind-numbing to Sokka, whose smile slowly fell into a confused
frown.

The Chief of the Southern Water Tribe was supposed to hate the Prince of the Fire Nation.
They weren’t supposed to be comfortable around each other.
They weren’t supposed to even know each other.
____
So... Hakoda was being awfully relaxed around the Fire Prince.
Which was fine.
This was all totally fine and normal. Sokka wasn’t concerned. And hey, Suki was here. That
was good. Great. Sokka was calm, collected. Sokka absolutely was not feeling dread crawl up
his spine, breathing a cold chill over the back of his neck, as he looked between Zuko, whose
expression was terrifyingly blank, and Hakoda, who was stood just a little too close to
someone he was supposed to hate. That feeling from earlier returned, that feeling that there
was a secret here, in this old, creaking library, that Sokka was being shielded from. It
returned stronger than before, in a tsunami of confusion and doubt and, at the forefront, fear.
You’re gonna see some things today that make no sense.
Sokka took a deep breath. He trusted his dad. Whatever was going on, his dad would know
what he was doing. They were all still in imminent danger, and right now, Suki came first.
“You’re okay.” Sokka breathed, letting his blue eyes rake over Suki’s face, searching for
anything that might disprove his statement. Her hair was messy and pulled back, deep
shadows beneath her eyes like bruises, but she still stood tall and strong, and that was where
her beauty had always come from.
Suki nodded, brushing a strand of Sokka’s hair from his face. “I knew you’d come.” She
whispered, and for a moment, it was just the two of them.
Her small smile slowly fell, and she flicked a nervous glace to Zuko, who was stood with
Hakoda still, the two of them in a conversation of their own that Sokka sincerely hoped was
Hakoda finally acting normally and interrogating Zuko about his motives.
“Azula. She's here.” Suki said beneath her breath, and Sokka tensed, eyes widening as he
looked back to Suki. “We overheard some guards. He swears it’s not a set-up, but I don’t
know.”
It took Sokka a moment to realise she was talking about Zuko. It scared him how easily he
trusted the other boy. It was... well, it was his instincts. They were drawn to Zuko like a moth
to the flame. Zuko and his inexplicability and his contradictions and his-.
“I wouldn’t have gotten this far without him, Sooks.” Sokka said, trying for an easy smile,
lighting up when Suki softened at the nickname.
“Sokka,” she said, “if you trust him, so do I. Just say the words and I’ll let this go. If you
think he’s good now, that’s all I need.”

Trusting Zuko hadn’t been a one-time decision. Time and time again – when they first
bumped into one another in the corridor, when they stood a breath apart in the storage
cupboard, when Sokka let Zuko go alone after Suki – Sokka had decided to trust the
firebender, each decision unique and different, and yet each time, it came so easily. Trusting
Zuko felt natural. They just... they just seemed to understand each other.
But asking Suki to trust Zuko had a different weight to it. If you think he’s good now, that’s all
I need. Sokka thought lots of things about Zuko now that he didn’t used to, but did he think
he was good? After that conversation about the Fire Nation, or the horrors without
explanation coating his skin, or their history, could Sokka honestly say Zuko was good now?
Sokka remembered the shy smile, the awkward jumble of words, as Zuko spoke about that
little boy, remembered how Zuko's hair fell in his face when he was sleeping, remembered
the steadiness he felt when with Zuko, like he’d found an equal, like he could finally share
some of the weight crushing him instead of tirelessly defending those younger than him, and
realised he’d already formed an answer.
“I think so.” Sokka whispered. “I really, really think so.”
I hope so, he left unsaid.
____
“We looked for you.” Hakoda said as Sokka and Suki spoke quietly to one another. “You
have to know we looked for you.”
Zuko saw his own heart in Hakoda’s eyes. He didn’t believe it lived within him anymore, but
Hakoda remembered it. Zuko’s gaze could trace the contours of it, could watch fresh cracks
ricochet through it upon Hakoda’s words. He'd felt so alone these past four months. Lee had
Zi Se. Zuko had no one. He'd convinced himself the Water Tribe would have forgotten him,
or wouldn’t have cared about his absence. On the bad days, he swore they would see it as a
good thing. An expedient way of ridding themselves of him.
But now with the Chief before him, that seemed so ridiculous. They weren’t like that. They
were... they were good. They were good, and goodness was often naïve, stupid, unfounded.
They were good and they had looked for him, and it had been hopeless.
“The invasion...” Zuko cursed himself for giving into this weakness, but he had to know.
“Everyone’s okay, right?”
Hakoda’s features tensed, before softening. “The main body of the crew were taken to
Shuhon Prison. I'm going to get them all out the moment I'm out of this place. Nanook and
Little Tom are at the Western Air Temple, with the Avatar-.”
“Dad!” Sokka hissed, catching the end of their conversation, automatically in-tuned to any
mention of his friends.
Zuko smirked, hiding the way his mind screamed at the nostalgia of it all. Hakoda's voice.
Nanook. Little Tom. Names he hadn’t heard aloud in an infinity.

“I’m not going to the Western Air Temple.” Zuko told Sokka simply. It was easier than
saying everything ended today, that when he walked out of the Boiling Rock, he left it all
behind, he left everyone behind.
“Then why are you asking about it?” Sokka raised an imploring eyebrow.
“Wait,” Hakoda said suddenly, “Sokka, is this who you meant when you said someone else
was helping you?”
“Well, yeah.” Sokka said sheepishly, like he’d been caught, before snapping back to his own
accusations. “But-… wait, dad, do you know him?”
It made sense that Sokka didn’t know about Zuko’s time on the Ullaakut. It was an
impossible thing to describe, and it seemed Hakoda had been rather busy lately. That didn’t
mean Zuko couldn’t help the uncertain glance he threw the Chief. He was trying not to care,
really, he was, but he wasn’t about to misstep on Hakoda’s relationship with his son. He
remembered the fondness with which Hakoda always spoke of Sokka. It was like nothing
Zuko had ever known. It had burned, at the time, and he’d denied it. He knew better now. He
knew Ozai better.
Suddenly, a dry, sarcastic voice spoke up; “I hate to interrupt, but I think His Highness has
some explaining to do.”
Zuko felt his jaw go slack, head snapping to the source of the noise as a man rounded the
bookshelves to stand beside Sokka, familiar blue blizzards meeting golden eyes, glaring in
equal parts anger and understanding.
After all, Kanut had always managed to see Zuko in a way others didn’t, couldn’t.
And Agni, he looked the same, all long white hair and stubble and sharpness, and with
Hakoda here too, it could almost be another day on the Ullaakut, waking up to shared meals,
laughter, safety. But Zuko didn’t even have time to process his shocked confusion as to why
the fuck Kanut was in the Boiling Rock, because a second later, Uncle Iroh appeared at
Kanut’s side.
Zuko felt like the room was spinning, keeping him standing through force alone as it whirled
in a cruel chaos of memories. Uncle on the Erlong. Kanut and Hakoda on the Ullaakut. A
man who had been there when the worst happened, and two men who helped pick Zuko up
from it. Between the three of them, they probably knew Zuko better than anyone in the
world. And here, in this library, with the goal to kill Fong, Zuko had felt like he didn’t even
know himself. He was freefalling, and he was being taunted with.... with this. This ghost of
his past self, stood before him. They remembered the version of him that he mourned, and
they didn’t even realise that the boy before them now was an imposter, a fake.
A villain.
They didn’t deserve this.

Zuko cared about them once. Maybe he still had the capacity to care about them now. And he
knew they didn’t deserve this, didn’t deserve him like this.
“What is there to explain?” Zuko growled, hand holding the side of his head, feeling like his
thoughts might spill out and contaminate those around him. Hakoda's kindness, Kanut’s
understanding, Uncle’s love, Sokka’s easy smile, Suki’s strength. Zuko was a plague and he...
he couldn’t unleash himself upon them.
“Oh, I don’t know, tough guy.” Kanut cocked his head. “Maybe the fact you have at least two
broken ribs, maybe more if the way you’ve been holding them is anything to go by, or the
fact you clearly haven’t sat with a healer and clearly need to. What were you thinking,
coming here?”
His tone was cold, icy, and a pathetic attempt at hiding the fact that Kanut - stony, strong
Kanut - was sick with worry.
“Nephew...” Uncle breathed, and his golden gaze hadn’t left Zuko’s form since he stepped
forward, now slightly teary as he took in the scars, hesitating on the hair. He knew what that
meant, even if the others didn’t.
Zuko couldn’t stop thinking. His thoughts were a snowstorm and he didn’t know how to
handle that, how to navigate that. He didn’t know which way home was. He didn’t know if he
had a home anymore. Had he ever? He remembered Nanook in Gaoling, his smile, his
comradery. Race you home.
Zuko lost that race. He was still losing that race.
“Do you guys know each other?” Sokka asked, disbelieving, like he expected to be
immediately shot down.
“You’re hurt?” Hakoda ignored Sokka’s frustration, turning to face Zuko with a horrified
frown. Zuko took a step back from him.
“Of course he’s hurt!” Kanut snapped, and Zuko didn’t know if his anger was reference to the
various scars decorating his body or to where Zuko had been for four months.
“Zuko, we need to talk.” Uncle’s attempts at serenity.
“Kid, sit down.” Hakoda’s worried eyes. I'm not a kid. Agni, he wished he still were.
Kanut took a step closer. “Let me look you over at least.”
“Can someone please tell me what’s going on?!” Sokka shouted, oblivious to the way Suki
had grabbed his arm.
“Zuko-.”
Too loud. Too much.
“Zuko-?”

“Would you all just leave me alone!”
His sharp yell pierced through the library, and everything silenced. No one spoke, no one
moved, no one blinked. Every inch of focus was pointed towards Zuko as he took breath after
shaky breath.
The thoughts silenced too.
Long enough for Zuko to try and see where he was going amongst the shadows of his mind.
Hakoda was here. That meant Zuko could say goodbye properly this time, and it meant he
could ensure Hakoda knew that Zuko did, truly, have to do this.
Kanut was here. Zuko was surprised to see him, but Agni, he’d missed his stupid sarcastic
comments and the way Zuko never had to explain himself. Zuko hadn’t been ready to face
him though, hadn’t expected it.
Iroh was here. Zuko didn’t know how he felt about that. It had been five months, and Zuko
had changed so much. He didn’t think he was his Uncle’s nephew, not anymore. Iroh would
find out soon enough.
Uncle was here because of Tovah. It made sense now. Zuko should have known she wouldn’t
stay quiet. What reason did she have to? She probably thought she was helping Zuko. They
probably all thought they were helping.
They didn’t understand what it was like to see agony in every shadow. The only way Zuko
could try to recover, to rebuild, was with Zi Se, and he could only return to Zi Se when he
knew that Fong could never, ever hurt them again.
He'd missed them all. He'd missed them all so much that it felt like he was trying to breathe
around three daggers in his chest, and now they were here, those blades had been pulled out,
leaving him to bleed, to spill, to die.
But they couldn’t stop Zuko from doing what he had to do.
____
Zuko still reacted to stress the same way he used to. That is to say, he reacted to it badly, but
it still sent a spike of familiarity through Hakoda that made him ache all over. Kanut said
Zuko was injured, and Hakoda got so caught up in the worry that caused that he didn’t realise
people’s voices were raising, the atmosphere shifting into one of frustration, everyone
speaking at once, everyone seeking answers to their own questions, everyone with various
amounts of information, and it was targeted inadvertently at Zuko. And like it always did, it
made him shut down, back away. It made him panic, whether he realised he was panicking or
not.
“Easy, kid. Breathe.” Hakoda said in a hushed tone. As much as he wanted to step closer to
Zuko, place a comforting hand to his shoulder, he stayed put, knowing that when Zuko got

like this, he sometimes just needed a moment to be alone in his own skin and mind. Hakoda
couldn’t even imagine what these four months had done to exacerbate that.
“I have to do this.” Zuko hissed, wildfire eyes flicking to the group around him.
“I can't stand by and let this happen, nephew.” Iroh said, brows furrowed. “It is irreversible. I
can’t let you-.”
“You can’t stop me either.” Zuko spit out, and Hakoda found himself inclined to stand
between the two of them. Kanut trusted Iroh, and Iroh loved Zuko, but he wasn’t explaining
himself, he was saying the wrong things. He was making Zuko see him as opposition, a
hurdle, something in his way.
He was making things worse.
“Zuko,” Iroh tried again, stressing each word, “I am begging you. Look into your heart and
see what it is that you truly want.”
Zuko focussed on that, his shaking fingers drawing into fists, his shoulders pushing back, and
he levelled his gaze on his uncle alone. Hakoda had never seen anything quite like the way
Zuko completely wiped his face of emotion in that moment. Zuko, who had always been
defined by the extremes of his personality. He felt everything too much, and that was the
problem. This...
This was not the boy Hakoda left behind.
“That’s the thing, Uncle.” Zuko said, a bitter, broken laugh escaping him. “I’ve seen what I
want, and I intend to go through with it.”
____
The past few minutes had been ones of intense confusion and shouting, and Sokka was still
no closer to knowing what the fuck was going on. There was something big here, he
understood that, he respected that, but that still didn’t make being completely blanked by his
father in favour of the Fire Prince easier. Speculation had slowly solidified in Sokka’s mind;
Zuko and Hakoda knew each other. Somehow. Correction; Zuko and Hakoda knew each
other, and liked each other.
Sokka could very easily have a very passionate rant about how rude and ridiculous and unfair
this all was, but it was deeper than Hakoda befriending Sokka’s not-quite-enemy-butcertainly-not-friend. It was deeper and darker than that, because people didn’t just get injuries
like Zuko’s without something prolonged and horrific and intentional happening, and Sokka
had never seen Kanut look so blatantly worried, or Iroh so upset.
Or Hakoda so shattered.
So, Sokka resigned himself to just watching things play out for now. His confused questions
weren’t getting any answers, so he stopped asking. Even when he noticed the way Zuko

stepped away from everyone, and it looked almost like he was retreating, like he was
overwhelmed. Even when Sokka found himself wanting to help.
But then Zuko froze, expression smoothing over like ice freezing over a lake, and he said the
words ’I've seen what I want and I intend to go through with it’ in that detached voice, and
Sokka just couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
“Go through with what?” He asked into the silence, ignoring Suki’s grip tightening on his
arm. After spending the night here with Zuko, after sleeping soundly beside him, and yes, at
times, on him, it shouldn’t have sent such a chill through Sokka to have the other boy’s gaze
meet his, but those golden eyes were incendiary.
They looked how they used to, when Zuko was bad and Sokka was scared of him.
Zuko worked his jaw, his voice a low rasp. “I told you I'm here for someone. I'm not here to
break someone out.”
Brilliant. Of course. That made complete sense.
Sokka's disappointed frustration must have shown on his face, because Suki jumped in before
another shouting match started.
“Sorry to cut in,” she said, not sounding very sorry, “but we still have no way of getting out
of here.”
The words turned the cogs of Sokka’s mind, everything slotting back into place, Zuko
moving down his list of priorities back where he ought to have stayed; near the bottom.
Breaking out of the Boiling Rock mattered now. Nothing that was said here would mean
anything if they all got caught and died here.
“Kanut and Iroh have a war balloon.” Hakoda said, words hesitant, tone quiet, like he was
struggling to pull himself from his cloudy mind.
“Yes,” Kanut nodded, “but Iroh crashed it on the wrong side of the lake.”
“For the last time-.”
“How did you get across then?” Sokka cut Iroh off with a frown.
Iroh threw a disgruntled look Kanut’s way, before answering Sokka. “There was a quaint
little rowboat on the bank.”
Sokka’s rowboat. He almost laughed.
“Well, we won’t all fit in a rowboat.” Suki said, and the group lapsed into silence. Sokka was
thinking. He'd need a little while. There was a solution here. There was always a solution, he
just needed to find it.
“If only Toph were here,” Sokka laughed to himself, “she could earthbend a bridge right
across to the war balloon.”

The air tensed, like everyone but Sokka had heard an explosion, and he flicked his gaze up to
see everyone staring at him. Everyone but Zuko, who was tracing the handle of his sword,
fiery eyes trained on the floor as Sokka followed the steady movements of his finger. It was a
little hypnotic, but Sokka was distracted by the way his dad was gaping at him, as if mentally
telling him to stop. Stop what, Sokka didn’t know.
And neither, tellingly, did Suki.
“Hey Zuko,” she said, turning to the firebender, “you asked Chit Sang to bring that
earthbender. We could use them.”
“Chit Sang?” Hakoda asked.
Suki nodded. “Another prisoner. He caught us so we said he could join the escape, and now
he’s bringing some of his friends. They should be here soon.”
“You’re having him walked right to you?” Kanut hissed, staring at Zuko.
Zuko cocked his head. “Would you rather I hunt him down?”
Sokka's stomach twisted uncomfortably, the cogs turning, the facts slotting together, each
scrap of information slowly forming an image.
“Hunt who down?” He asked quietly, coming to a new theory for why Zuko was here. I'm
here for someone. I'm not here to break someone out.
Revenge.
And suddenly, the beaten map of Zuko’s skin made a little more sense.
If Sokka was right, if this nagging thought in his head was onto something, then the person
who did that to Zuko was here, and Zuko intended to find them, and...
And then what?
Sokka was older than his years in many ways, and he’d never known a life without war. He’d
known death since he was a child. Killing, too. Killing was what the Fire Nation did. They
killed his mother, the Air Nomads, the world. But since travelling with Aang, Sokka had been
forced to see death differently. All the people hit a little too hard by Toph’s earthbending, all
the people caught too long in Katara’s watery rage, and Aang. Aang, who in the North Pole
had his hand forced by a Spirit to devastate countless.
It was Sokka’s job to cover them up, each and every one of them. Even from Toph, because
for all her steadfastness, she was still only twelve. He knew with each bloody lie that he
shouldn’t have to do this, and that was why he learned, rather quickly, that it never mattered
that they were Fire Nation. He wouldn’t know if they had it coming or not, and even if they
did, that didn’t change his mindset. Sokka was one of the good guys; he couldn’t be that if he
didn’t care about who died in his and his friends’ wake. Sokka was left to deal with that grief
by himself, the complexity of it, the way it contradicted in him, the way he wanted to hate
each ghost but knowing he didn’t have the kind of heart to do that.

And it would take a truly rotten heart to kill and not care.
A heart Sokka swore Zuko didn’t have.
But then Zuko shrugged a tired shoulder at his question, and his mouth formed two words.
Practised like a curse, a penalty, a eulogy.
“General Fong.”
Sokka’s expression knotted in disgust instinctively, remembering that horrible man,
remembering how he’d screamed his throat raw watching his little sister sink deep,
remembering how he just couldn’t get to her quick enough, remembering those few seconds
where he thought he’d lost her, remembering the way Aang ignited in fury. It was something
he’d rather forget. Fong was something he’d rather forget.
Zuko didn’t seem to have that option.
“Zuko,” Hakoda started tentatively, and the ease with which he said the Fire Prince’s name
made Sokka’s skin prickle, “I know what it’s like to hate someone so much you feel you want
them dead, but your uncle is right. It's irreversible. You can never undo it. That isn’t
something you want on your conscience.” And here, Hakoda scowled, words becoming a
sudden growl. “No matter how much he might deserve it.”
Sokka sucked in a breath. So he was right then. Zuko was here to kill Fong, to take a life, to
consciously and purposely murder another person. It was a different calibre of death than
Sokka had ever been familiar with. Spirits, he’d shaken hands with this boy, and all the while,
Zuko was plotting this. And sure, Sokka had imagined Fong dead too, had ached for it when
that anger and anguish was still fresh, but he’d never have actually gone through with it.
None of Team Avatar would. Because they were good. And... and Zuko was supposed to be
good now too. Sokka's instincts said so much.
Zuko couldn’t do this. He just couldn’t.
“I’m not doing this for me. I have no choice.” Zuko growled, like he’d heard the words
enough in his mind to grow tired of them now. “I have to know he’ll never hurt us, anyone,
ever again.”
Everyone looked confused, except Sokka, who glanced at the small necklace still glinting
atop Zuko’s uniform. It was nice to be the one in the room who actually knew what was
going on for once, but that satisfaction paled in comparison to the dread he felt.
“Killing Fong won’t change whatever he did to you, Zuko.” Sokka finally spoke up, and
Hakoda threw him a bewildered glance, horrified at the sudden handle Sokka seemed to have
on the conversation. It was only logical that Sokka connect the dots while everyone politely
told him absolutely nothing; he didn’t know why his dad looked so surprised.
“You don’t think I know that?” Zuko snarled, and Sokka found himself frowning, torn
between tenderness and toughness, torn between where he stood with this boy.

“You can’t just...” Sokka started, fumbling his words. “You can’t just kill everyone that’s a
threat to you. I get it, I do. After what Fong did to Katara, I barely slept for days. I just kept
thinking that he was still out there, still wanted Aang, was still willing to do anything to stop
this war. But killing him would have made me just as bad as him.”
Zuko scoffed. “And if you’d have killed him when you wanted to, I wouldn’t be in such a
mess.” Sokka flinched at the accusation, but Zuko didn’t stop. “He is going to keep hurting
people. It's like you said; he’s willing to do anything to stop this war. He'll burn everything
and everyone, so long as the Fire Nation falls.”
Iroh stepped forward desperately. “And if trees grow from ashes, you do not fell the forest to
heal what was once burned.” He urged. “Zuko, please, it is not your job to decide who lives
and who dies.”
“And you?” Zuko said, tone cutting. “Is it your job? Was it your job in Ba Sing Se?”
Iroh drew himself up, sucking in a breath. “Ba Sing Se,” he said lowly, “will be on my
conscience until I take my last breath.”
“And this will be on mine.” Zuko nodded. “I’ve come to terms with that.”
“Back up a second.” Hakoda said, lifting a hand and turning to Sokka. “You said Fong did
something to Katara?”
Sokka swallowed, not sure how to explain this to his dad. It was one of his many chilling
tales of this past year. “Aang can only enter the Avatar State when he’s distressed. Fong lost
his patience with him,” Sokka said, working his jaw, “so in order to initiate the Avatar State,
he threatened to kill Katara. He... he buried her, convinced Aang she would die, and Aang
he... he...”
“That bastard.” Hakoda growled, pure hatred dripping from his words, and Sokka’s eyes
widened.
“Dad.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Hakoda asked, and Sokka had the distinct impression he was
about to get a telling off.
“I-. Well, I-…" Sokka stuttered, the sudden déjà vu of being berated slamming into him. “So
much has happened. I could hardly tell you all of it.”
“So I noticed.” Hakoda crossed his arms. “You left out any mention of prison ships and
pirates and volcanoes.”
Sokka’s eyebrows shot up. “How did you-?!” He cut his glance to Zuko, who had stayed very
quiet, and suddenly, it made sense. “You snitched?!”
“Oh please.” Zuko huffed.
“What happened to teenage comradery?” Sokka demanded.

“Where was teenage comradery when you hit me with that stupid boomerang?” Zuko said
mockingly, and Sokka warmly remembered the way Boomerang had smashed into the back
of Zuko’s head in the South Pole.
“Yeah,” Sokka pointed, “well you kicked me first. In the head.”
“Boys.” Hakoda grumbled, rubbing his temples.
“It’s not my fault you tried to get on my ship!” Zuko snapped.
Sokka puffed out his chest angrily. “You tried to kidnap my friend! Multiple times!”
“He wasn’t your friend at the beginning!”
“Oh so that makes it okay-.”
“Boys!” Hakoda yelled, and Sokka and Zuko both silenced, even the ever-arrogant Zuko
looking a little sheepish.
“Some things don’t change.” Kanut said with a half-hearted smile, and Zuko tensed like he’d
been hit.
“Would it be alright if I spoke alone with my nephew?” Iroh asked the group but kept his
gaze trained on the nephew in question. It was quiet for a few seconds as Zuko thought,
before he sighed, shoulders slumping a fraction. He didn’t speak or even nod, but when he
turned to walk to a quiet corner of the library, Iroh followed without question.
____
With the shadow of a bookshelf separating them from the others, it was just Zuko and Uncle.
The smell of tea clawed down Zuko’s neck, unsettling what lay in his chest, and he had to
forcibly quash his bitter thoughts. Where were you? He wanted to ask Iroh. Where were you
when I was alone, was scared? I needed you. I needed you and you didn’t come.
But Zuko couldn’t afford vulnerability here, and he didn’t owe anyone an explanation. Uncle
wanted to stop him from killing Fong; that made him a problem. A problem with warm eyes
and a kind smile, a problem who gently, tenderly, brushed aside a strand of Zuko’s black hair,
tears filling those warm eyes, a problem who Zuko caught by the wrist before he came any
closer.
“Nephew-.”
“There’s a boy at the White Lotus camp.” Zuko said monotonously, lowering his Uncle’s
hand, hating himself for how gently he touched the soft skin. “His name is Zi Se. He's only
five. I need you to go back for him when this is over. I need you to take care of him, bring
him to his aunt. Not,” Zuko added harshly, “his father.”
Uncle frowned, and each word from Zuko’s mouth seemed to lash at him, like he was finally
seeing how irreparable this was. It was too late for Zuko. It wasn’t too late for Zi Se, or the
rest of the group here.

“My boy,” Uncle said, voice cracking over those two words, “of course I will take care of
him, but why can’t you?”
Zuko’s gaze fell to his hand, still wrapped loosely around Uncle’s wrist. Zuko's youthful skin
pressed to Uncle’s aged own, smooth and pale against Uncle’s wrinkles and blemishes, but
here, Uncle had freckles coating his knuckles where Zuko had slowly healing bruises, and
here, Uncle had a warm flush where Zuko had small pink scars, and here, when Zuko turned
his palm upwards, he had a rigid gash, white and bumped out of his skin a little, from when
he had caught it on shattered glass. He remembered the sting of it. He remembered how the
blood coated his hands so easily, like it was always supposed to be there. He remembered the
stain he left on the glass. A jar of tea leaves. Orange and red; the colour of fire and blood. It
sent Zuko’s heart racing, and he dropped Uncle’s hand like it had burned him, or rather, like
Zuko had burned Uncle. Kindness and innocence; Uncle and Zi Se.
Could Zuko really be so selfish as to hold them both in bloodied hands? Could he really
allow his own pain to be smeared over them?
The plan was to kill Fong. Zuko hadn’t thought of anything past that, but he assumed he’d go
back to the White Lotus camp with Uncle, back to Zi Se.
Now, he was having second thoughts.
There was something inside him, something inhuman with its curled beak and talons, and it
was tearing him apart. He assumed he was enough to satisfy its hunger, but what if that eaglehawk was insatiable? It would devour Zuko whole, and then it would move on. And then-.
And then an alarm began to blare through the prison, yanking Zuko from his mind as it
screamed relentlessly in his ears, and the library doors opened, four prisoners sprinting in,
panting and terrified. Chit Sang, his two friends, and a man with green eyes, a sharp face, a
brown beard.
Zuko stopped hearing the alarm as he stared at General Fong.
Memory bled in Zuko’s mouth, and he remembered Oro and Renmin. They had spent the
entire ride to Fong’s base chatting excitedly about their prospects, two friends just looking for
a promotion, and a few hours later, they were murdered and buried without rites. Memory
dripped down Zuko’s throat, and he remembered the pillars around his wrists. The ability to
fight back, to move, to be anything but helpless had been taken from Zuko, and it had
mutated touch from something that could have been alright in a nicer world, to something
that scared him. And that damned him to a life of isolation, all at the flick of Fong’s hand.
Memory coated the bird behind Zuko’s ribs, and he remembered agony. Burning, seething,
all-consuming agony. The way it clung to his breath, his skin, his mind; he smelled of pain,
by the end of it. Memory tainted the feathers of the bird, and Zuko remembered the child he
kept failing. Zi Se couldn’t be happy while Fong lived, and Zuko couldn’t care for him the
way he deserved to be cared for, but he could do this much. He could offer a promise, that
what happened to them would never, ever happen again.
Memory stained the eagle-hawk and memory stirred its wings and memory saw it screeching
and scratching and searching for a way out of this cage, and Zuko knew now that it wasn’t

fear anymore. He had wondered what it was living inside of him, but he realised now as he
met General Fong’s horrified stare that this animal was Zuko’s to hold, to pet, to unleash. He
had demonised it for so long, pushed it back for so long, but here in this library with mere
metres between him and the man that had abused it, Zuko decided it was time to let it free.
He held that bird with scarred hands, and he finally gave it its rightful name.
Rage.
____
Hakoda could see the bruises around Fong’s neck from his own hands and the still-healing
injuries inflicted by Kanut, Hakoda could see his red prison tunic and disheartened gaze, and
for a moment, Hakoda was satisfied. There was no way they’d let Fong escape with them.
The man would rot here, imprisoned by the very nation he despised. It was worse than death
for him, which was the irony of the debate. Seeing Fong so broken, even after only being
here a few days, made Hakoda almost sneer at the cruel justice of it all.
But then he turned to Zuko, and saw someone he didn’t recognise.
Zuko was stood with his Uncle still, frozen in place, unreadable aside a hand to his sword and
two blazing eyes. Hakoda had seen nearly every expression on this boy, but he didn’t
recognise this. It wasn’t anger, or grief, or fear; it was a horrible mix of the three. And it
twisted Zuko into someone terrifying, someone dangerous, someone he wasn’t.
“You piece of-.” Kanut growled upon seeing Fong, grabbing a nearby book and wielding it
with every intent of smashing Fong’s face in, but the moment he took a step forward, Fong
jumped back, hand shooting forward in a warning.
“Don’t!” He yelled over the ringing of the alarm. “I already told the guards that the Fire
Prince is down here. They’ll arrive in a few minutes. It's in all of our best interests to leave
now.”
Hakoda’s stomach fell to his feet, horror and disgust filling him.
This man had sabotaged them all, had risked everything, just so they would be forced to
tolerate him.
“Well, I suppose we best hurry then.” Zuko said coolly, gaze lidded and dark as he walked
back to the group.
No one moved, all eyes turning to Zuko, but Zuko would look at no one but Fong. For a few
seconds, the two of them stared each other down, and the hatred that simmered between them
was palpable enough that Hakoda almost pulled Sokka to his side. He didn’t want his son
anywhere near this.
But Zuko was neck-deep in it. Zuko was forced and was now making a choice.
Hakoda had no idea what was going through his mind, and it made his heart roar in his ears.

“You.” Sokka jutted his chin at Fong, and Hakoda was proud of the animosity coating every
inch of his form. “We need a bridge across the lake, can you earthbend one?”
Fong hesitated, swallowing, feeling the contempt everyone in the library felt for him. even
the new prisoners – was his name Chit Sang? - were glaring, clearly annoyed that their
attempts at escape had been foiled by Fong running to the guards.
“How do I know you won’t kill me the moment you can get out of here?” Fong asked.
Hakoda worked his jaw. It was time to act like a Chief.
“We’ll let you cross first. There's a boat on the bank that you can use to get away.” Hakoda
said, and Fong considered that for a moment.
“I mean,” Kanut said with a wry smile that did nothing to hide the hatred in his eyes, “I could
still push you off the bridge, or throw books at you to make you fall in. I'm just saying, we’re
in a library. Plenty of ammunition. I’m a healer, but-.”
“Kanut.” Hakoda and Iroh hissed at the same time, because he was decidedly not helping.
The alarm was still screaming above their heads, the seconds slipping away from them. They
didn’t have time for this.
Fong seemed to realise this too, because he ground his teeth, reluctant, looking to Zuko. Zuko
didn’t flinch, glaring right back at Fong. Hakoda assumed that was new, because Fong didn’t
know how to handle it, confusion bunching his shoulders, eyebrows furrowing.
“And how do I know you won’t try anything?” Fong asked lowly, talking only to Zuko.
Hakoda felt sick with the man’s full attention trained on him, felt the urge to shove him away.
He'd done enough to that poor boy.
“You don’t even have your bending.” Fong snarled when the silence became too much.
Zuko didn’t speak, but he lifted his hand and suddenly, his fingers were coated in fire. Fire
the colour of the ocean, the colour of the tribe, the colour of home. Blue. It felt like some sort
of sick joke. Iroh gasped, hand flying to his mouth, and Kanut threw him a worried glance,
not liking the sound of that, not understanding the implications of this.
Zuko continued to glare and Hakoda couldn’t take it anymore, stepping between them,
pushing Fong back.
“Zuko won’t hurt you,” he said, “I promise.”
Fong wasn’t happy with that, but the alarm was still going and it was only a matter of time
before the impromptu barricade Suki and Chit Sang’s group were making would break. The
promise had left Hakoda’s mouth so easily, and the moment he said it, he felt the words twist,
felt Zuko’s glare snap to him. Hakoda had once promised Zuko he’d be treated fairly by
Fong. Hakoda had once promised lots of things.
Fong hesitated a few seconds longer, before realising he had no choice and turning on his
heel, stomping towards the glass doors.

“You changed your mind?” Hakoda asked carefully, looking to Zuko and briefly to Iroh,
hoping, praying, that Zuko’s uncle might have been able to get through to him when they
spoke privately. A few metres away, Fong was sliding open the glass doors. Zuko watched
his every move.
“Sokka’s right.” Zuko said, but instead of his words breaking the tension, it felt like they
were adding to it, thickening the air, and Sokka gulped nervously. “Killing him wouldn’t fix
anything, wouldn’t change what happened. And besides,” Hakoda heard earth dragging and
crashing outside, water splashing as a bridge was made across the lake, “you promised him I
wouldn’t hurt him.”
Zuko unsheathed his swords, admiring them with a sense of boredom. No, not boredom.
Barrenness. He had both blades, Hakoda noticed. It made his heart clatter against his ribs.
Fong returned cautiously, hovering by the doors, and Zuko finally met Hakoda’s gaze before
handing him a single sword.
“But then again, Chief,” Zuko said as Hakoda slowly took the sword from him, a cold smile
curling across the boy’s lips, “it wouldn’t be the first time you broke a promise, would it?”
Zuko’s smile crashed down like a toppling building as he ducked past Hakoda, and suddenly,
the library exploded in blue fire.
____
In Azula’s mind, her brother died when he was thirteen. Such a fight with Father, such an
injury, such a damning punishment; there was no way anyone could come back from that.
Not even Zuzu in his insufferable relentlessness. He would perish to the sea, or die fighting
the Avatar, or his mouth would get him in trouble like it always did. Instead of concerning
herself with the petty details of what could happen, Azula simply found it easier to consider
Zuko dead the moment she watched his ship set sail, the moment he left her behind.
Which was why, when Father told her of the letter he received from General Fong, she had no
right to be surprised. She'd known for three years that a terrible fate would befall her brother,
that he was wounded at thirteen and any time past that was borrowed only for him to bleed
out. She didn’t need to mourn him, or miss him, and she didn’t ever catch herself wondering
what he was doing in that moment. That would be weak. Azula was not weak.
But that letter, the one with the Earth Kingdom seal that Azula traced over, flames flickering
from her fingertips, her father's study abandoned to the night and the usually locked door
slightly ajar, was the first of several. Each time, Father would casually bring it up whenever
Azula returned home. Each time, Azula would sneak into his study while he slept and read
over the letter’s contents. Each time, Father didn’t respond.
And each letter, despite the tiresome effort Azula had put in over the years to convince
herself it wasn’t so, was undying proof that her brother was very much alive.
When Azula was eight, she walked with Zuko and Mother through the palace gardens, and
Mother had been so busy coddling Zuko that Azula got left behind, and it angered her.

Mother never did look at Azula much. So, Azula gave her something to look at. She burned
flowers and branches and threw a ball of fire so powerful that it blasted the side of the
turtleduck pond. Azula had stood there, mind blank, as the water gushed into the smouldering
crater, filling in seconds, the creatures of the pond scurrying in terror. Zuko had been so
upset. Agni, he adored that pond.
Azula’s mind felt like that crater when she read those letters. Smoke wisping from its edges,
usually so empty, so hollow of anything aside what was strong and useful. Admitting that
Zuko was alive, that he had been this entire time, caused the water to fall, and her mind was
filling, filling, filling. What did he look like now? Was he taller? Stronger? Had he learned?
How big was the scar on his face?
Did he ever think of her?
Azula stomped on the thoughts, cold water splashing up her legs, but they kept seeping
through, dripping onto her skin.
Zuko was getting in her way again, like he used to.
Azula couldn’t allow that.
So the moment the alarms of the Boiling Rock began to ring, the moment the guards ran to
inform her that Prince Zuko was here, Azula moved.
Her brother was here. She was going to see if it was necessary to put him in his place.
(He had been banished, and Azula knew she would have to send him away. It shouldn’t have
twisted her up inside, but the traitorous part of her mind remembered the boy who stole
dumplings from the kitchens with her. He had always been stupid and clumsy, but he had
loved Azula. Truly.
She wondered; did he still?)
____
It was a deafening chaos of searing blue fire and lumps of angry rock pulled from the floor or
the walls or the bank outside. Zuko had fought earthbenders before, but never like this. His
first experience with earthbenders saw him focus on saving Uncle before they crushed his
hands. His second experience had been Oro and Renmin, and his focus had been getting to
the Water Tribe. Both times, his attention was honed on other factors, the fight coming next
as no more than an instinct.
But in the Boiling Rock library as Zuko ducked behind a bookshelf to avoid a pillar of stone
about to slam into him, it was just him and Fong. Fong was his only focus, his only target, his
only reason.
Zuko was a good fighter. It was all that he was. He won the Agni Kai with Zhao, and he
could beat all of the firebenders on the Erlong when he trained, and he survived Chena, and
after four months of Chan, he still hadn’t starved. There was a cold irony in the skills Zuko

was using to defeat Fong being skills he picked up in Fong’s own base, because Fong fought
like a General. His movements were stiff, proper, by the book. Zuko's had once been, but not
anymore. He fought wildly, dirtily, spitting sparks and kicking whips of flame, the blue
catching his Dao and running down the blade. He fought to burn. He fought to kill.
And it was devastating.
Fire caught the wooden bookshelves, engulfing them in a burning, billowing embrace. Slices
of stone flew from the walls and left crumbling craters in their wake, crashing into tables and
tearing up the floor. Fong and Zuko ducked and twisted around the ruination. Bending fights
were always done at a distance. Fire couldn’t beat earth on its own, not like this. He had to
get closer. He had his sword. He knew what to do.
They clashed together in a blinding display of bending, a wall of fire slamming into a wall of
earth, and in the detritus of the aftermath, Zuko rushed forward, swinging down his sword
and catching Fong’s side.
Seeing him bleed ignited something in Zuko. Distantly, he’d been aware of the others. Suki
and the new prisoners were holding the door, as if someone was trying to get in. Hakoda and
Kanut were watching Zuko, following his every move in horror, frozen. Sokka was yelling at
Uncle about something, gesturing desperately at the fight. Distantly, Zuko had kept tabs on
them, kept Fong away from them.
But as red bloomed darker than Fong’s tunic, Zuko saw only Fong, and they all slipped away.
Fong coated his arm in rocks and raised it to catch Zuko’s sword, an almighty clang
exploding through the room as the two objects met. Zuko didn’t hesitate to move again,
pulling the sword back and slamming it into Fong’s shoulder as the man twisted from his
initial attack. Fong growled, the Dao handle grinding against his shoulder blade, and the flash
of anger in his eyes turned Zuko’s stomach. Fong's anger had always been such a terrifying
thing. It had ruined Zuko, and now, he was seeing it up close, he was causing it. This was
dangerous. This was fatal.
That moment of cowardice, of hesitation, gave Fong an opportunity, and he took it, using
another wall of earth to shove Zuko back. Zuko coughed on the dust that swarmed up at him,
and when it cleared, Fong was in his face, and he lifted a leg and kicked Zuko in the chest.
Zuko fell onto his back, pain ripping through him as his broken ribs cried. He tried to roll
onto his stomach, hands grasping his torso as if holding the agony might soothe it, but all he
did was choke, winded. He couldn’t breathe past the pain, curling into himself as Fong
approached with a sick smile. Get up, Zuko hissed at himself. Get up you idiot. Zuko always
got up. He always got knocked down, but he always got back up.
But it just hurt, and his body wouldn’t cooperate. It was at its limit.
General Fong raised his arm, earth coating his hand in a spike, and he aimed for Zuko’s heart,
swinging it down and all Zuko could do was clench his eyes shut. He swore he heard Hakoda
scream, heard Kanut shout. He swore he heard movement. He opened his eyes to see a flash

of armour, a flick of brown hair, and suddenly, a boomerang connected loudly with Fong’s
head, hitting hard enough to make him stumble back.
Zuko stared, open-mouthed, as Sokka ran to his side, grabbing him roughly by the arm and
yanking him to his feet.
“Did you have that on you this whole time?” Zuko hissed, voice hoarse as his ribs thrummed
with his racing heart.
Sokka didn’t laugh. “You have to end this now. This is wrong. Zuko, please. Walk away.”
Something about his desperation, his wide blue eyes, made Zuko stop short.
When he spoke, he meant every word he said. “I wish I could.”
Fong’s head was bleeding and he’d retreated to where the bookshelves stood half-toppled and
burned. Zuko looked at Sokka one last time before tearing himself away from his hands,
jogging after Fong.
“General Fong,” Zuko sneered, yelling to be heard above the chaos of the blaze and the earth
and that fucking alarm, “you don’t look well.” Zuko tipped his head back in a laugh at the
words, at the choking memory, and ash and dust shook from his black hair, their pale colours
in complete contrast against the black locks.
Fong hesitated, unsettled by Zuko’s tone, and it gave Zuko enough time to rush forwards,
cornering Fong down a corridor of bookshelves, his back to a wall.
“Do you really think you can beat me?” Fong snarled, hands ready to lift, and this proximity
made Zuko’s instincts want to kick in. Don't look him in the eye. Don't talk back. Don't touch.
Zuko’s smile fell into a determined glare, and he swung his fist, knuckles ablaze, towards
Fong, watching the General yelp and jump back a step. Zuko punched again, another step
closer, and he let the anger that had festered in him burn in his veins. Punch, and Zuko finally
saw fear in Fong’s eyes, the positions swapped. Swing, and this man had taken everything,
everything, from Zuko. Duck, and Zuko was ready to give it all back.
Zuko’s fist swung with a tail of blue fire, and finally, he was close enough to slam his
knuckles into Fong’s jaw. The earth he'd been using to try and fend Zuko off shuddered and
fell in surprise, leaving the man undefended. Zuko hit him again in the stomach before
kicking Fong’s legs out from under him, falling with him until he was pinned on his back by
Zuko’s knee to his chest.
Pain ricocheted through Zuko’s knuckles as he slammed his fist into Fong’s face, punching
again and again and again until the tears in Zuko’s eyes let him see nothing but a bloody mess
of flesh before him. He could try and say it was the smoke making him cry, but it wasn’t. He
felt as he did with Chan; all-consumed by an animalistic need. Then, it had been hunger.
Now, it was rage. Both were indomitable.
“I hate you.” He sobbed. “I hate you, I hate you , I hate you-.”

Someone grabbed Zuko from behind, arms wrapping around his chest and yanking him away
from Fong. Zuko kicked and shouted incoherently, elbows finding purchase between ribs, but
they didn’t let go.
“No, Zuko.” Uncle hissed, grip like iron as he managed to stumble a few steps away from
where Fong began to groan up, spitting blood to the side. Alive.
“He doesn’t get to survive.” Zuko yelled, tears leaving tracks through the ash that had clung
to his face. “I have to live with this. I’m stuck with what he did forever. He doesn’t-… He
can’t-…"
Uncle grabbed Zuko’s face, two warm hands against the heat of rage, and forced him to look
at him.
“Zuko, are you truly doing this to protect that boy?”
The words pierced Zuko and he tried to push his uncle away. Of course he was doing this for
Zi Se. This was all for Zi Se.
“Yes.” Zuko whispered, desperate.
Uncle’s eyes were sad, shattered. Zuko was breaking his heart. “My nephew,” he said,
begging, “martyrdom and self-destruction are two very different things.”
Zuko shook his head. He couldn’t be dissuaded now. Fong was right there. He was weak.
Killing him would be easy now. But when Zuko tried to pull away from Uncle’s grip, he
didn’t let go.
“You have come to the crossroads of your destiny.” Uncle said solemnly. “It's time for you to
choose. It's time for you to choose good.”
How? Zuko wanted to scream. How could he choose good when it wasn’t even an option? It
had been ripped from him by Fong.
“The Dragon of the West.” Fong sneered from the floor, wiping his bloody mouth with the
back of his hand. He looked wrecked, but that cruelty still drenched him, flooding the room.
Zuko managed to release himself from Uncle’s grip, pushing him behind him. Fong couldn’t
have him. Fong had taken enough.
“Zuko, it’s not too late to walk away.” Hakoda’s voice sounded, and Zuko snapped his head
to the other end of the corridor to see the Chief stood there, face ashen. Everyone else was by
the glass doors now, abandoning the barricade to its final minutes before the Boiling Rock
guards would inevitably barge in.
It's not too late.
It had been too late for Zuko for a very long time.

But still, it made Zuko hesitate. After everything Hakoda had just witnessed, after all the
horrible things he’d watched Zuko do, he was still here. The alarm was shrieking and Zuko
could hear door booming beneath the weight of guards and they were running out of time, but
he was still here. This is wrong. Choose good. It's not too late.
Zuko frowned, staring at Hakoda like he could piece together all this uncertainty if he just
stared long enough, and that distraction meant he didn’t see Fong.
He didn’t see Fong as he stumbled to his feet.
He didn’t see Fong as he reached out a trembling hand.
He didn’t see Fong as earth shot from the floor, wrapping around Zuko’s wrist.
The familiar presence of rock killed everything gentle inside Zuko, and innocence died with
its teeth bared. He cried out, pulling away just in time for his other wrist to remain free. Fong
had trapped his right hand, grinning madly, victoriously, but he didn’t know about the dual
blades. He didn’t know how Zuko had trained to be proficient with both hands.
It was a panicked cacophony of rage and terror. Fong lunged forward to end this fight, Uncle
cried out, Zuko shoved him back, away from him, and caught his sword in his free hand. He
saw the moment Fong realised his mistake, saw the way his eyes widened, and as Zuko thrust
forward the blade, he remembered the South Pole.
A herd of caribou-yak. A spear. Puffs of cloudy breath as the animals wandered obliviously,
and glassy eyes that didn’t blink.
The sword slipped between Fong’s ribs, stabbing through flesh and cartilage and blood and
blood and blood. There were tears falling down Zuko’s face as he watched Fong’s slackjawed horror, as Fong slowly spluttered, falling to his knees, the blade sliding right back out
of him and clattering to the floor because Zuko couldn’t even find it in him to hold on. And
there, Fong leaned against the bookshelf, choking around the wound, as he realised what
Zuko had done.
Kanut grabbed Zuko’s shoulder, spinning him to face him. Zuko was completely unresisting,
body held up through habit and nothing more.
“I can help him.” Kanut said sternly. “Just say the words, and I can help him.”
“Spirits, Kanut, what are you waiting for?!” Hakoda yelled in horror, but the healer didn’t
blink, his stare trained on Zuko alone.
“Please...” Fong said weakly, hiccupping around a sob. “Mercy.”
Kanut was offering Zuko a chance of redemption, a chance to take back what he did in a
moment of panic, but Kanut would only go through with it if Zuko let him. He wasn’t like
Hakoda. He understood this rage, this pain, and he wouldn’t take it from Zuko.
Zuko slid his gaze back to Fong. He looked pathetic here, begging for mercy as he died on
the floor.

Their eyes met, green and gold, and Zuko’s voice was a choked rasp when he spoke.
“Redemption is a human word, General Fong.”
Kanut’s eyes widened, grip tightening momentarily, before he let Zuko go.
He'd given his answer.
“Kanut, now.” Hakoda ordered. “Don’t just stand there.”
Kanut didn’t move, and Zuko turned to the Chief.
It was disappointment, really, and disgust, that was written on Hakoda’s face. Not for Zuko,
but for his actions. Hakoda looked at Zuko now, and he didn’t like what he saw.
Zuko, with blood on his hands. Zuko, with ash in his hair.
“There’s a reason they call us ashmakers.” Zuko said, and for all the blank expression on his
face, tears were still falling from his eyes. “I don’t belong with you, I never did.” He turned
to Uncle. “Take care of Zi Se. You all need to leave. Time's up.”
Uncle flinched upon those last two words, but Kanut stayed strong. “What about you?”
Zuko smiled weakly. He was a fragmented thing, a boy made up of broken pieces, and he
knew that if he followed Kanut now then the Water Tribe would welcome him back with
open arms. They would hold him. They would attempt to piece him together. But the thing
with holding shattered crockery in your hands is that, whether it wants to or not, it will cut,
and you will bleed, and it will hurt. Zuko had inflicted enough upon the Water Tribe. He
would not inflict this.
“I’m going home.” Zuko said, and Uncle’s eyes fluttered shut in defeat.
They argued with him, with each other, but there wasn’t enough time and Zuko was hollowed
and wordless. Fong died as they spoke. No one even noticed, too consumed by their shouting.
Zuko did though. He watched as the shallow breaths finally stopped, watched green eyes
close one last time.
It didn’t feel like safety.
It didn’t feel like anything.
When it became apparent that Zuko wouldn’t move, they knew they had to leave. Kanut
stepped up. He practically dragged both Iroh and Hakoda away. They crossed the bridge to
the war balloon, readied their escape. Sokka waited. He waited, and he stared, and Zuko said
nothing. When he had to go, Sokka hesitated, before letting the hatred in his eyes seep into
his voice.
“I thought you’d changed.”
Zuko hummed, eyes shutting, exhausted. “You should have known better.”

Kanut came back long enough to tell him they would be at the Western Air Temple, and Zuko
pitied the hope in his blue eyes. And just like that, it was over.
Fong was dead.
The Water Tribe were forced to leave.
Uncle was gone.
Zi Se was safe.
Azula was coming.
And this rage, this blood, this hatred was Fire Nation, not Water Tribe, and whether Zuko
liked it or not, it wasn’t Earth Kingdom either. The pain within Zuko couldn’t be the cool
touch of water or the steady weight of earth. The pain within Zuko was demanding and allconsuming. It was fire. He had lost everything but he knew one thing. One simple thing. The
first thing he was ever taught. Fire spreads.
He had lost himself to this pain; he wouldn’t allow it to burn anyone else. Fire spreads, so he
would take it back to its source. The Fire Nation could handle fire, could live with it.
It was time Zuko returned to what he knew.
It was time Zuko accepted who he was.
The Prince of the Fire Nation. Prince of the nation who killed Hakoda’s wife and forced
Tomkin’s parents to leave him and sent Lee into a fray he couldn’t handle.
Prince of hatred.
Prince of pain.
Prince of death.
When the doors crashed open, Zuko was leaning casually against a table, flicking a flame
around his knuckles. The guards rushed in, expecting a fight and finding only destruction,
and in their midst was a girl with perfect black hair and quick gold eyes.
“Hello, brother.” Azula said with a cold smile.
Zuko softened at the sight of her. With Azula, there was no judgement for what he’d done
today. With Azula, he was allowed to be angry.
“Azula,” Zuko nodded in greeting. "It's been a long time."

Chapter End Notes

you know i had to do it to em :)
okay okay stop shouting IT'S ALL UPHILL FROM HERE KIDS! LET THE HEALING
COMMENCE! STOP crying why are you crying

Chapter 29: ii. Zuko Alone - Part One
Chapter Notes

ayop welcome back. How you doing? We... We all okay after the last chapter? *looks at
readers huddled in a corner and rocking slightly* yep, seems good to me. Onwards and
upwards! So this funky little number refused to be written properly until about
YESTERDAY and I have no excuse other than the fact that the fire hazard siblings’
dynamic is SO warped from canon and I've really struggled trying to pin it down, so
hope I did good???? Idfk man i just work here. be nice <3
Okay you know what’s coming. Honestly i started saying this as a joke because i always
thought ending author’s notes was the most awkward thing ever and now it’s just the
most cringey ongoing inside joke to ever exist. but I'm not sorry. That being said;
DON’T DO ANYTHING I WOULDN’T DO

See the end of the chapter for more notes

When Zuko was a child, he used to sleep by the windows during monsoon season.
Sometimes he’d get away with it, curled up beneath those thick, expensive curtains, the
lightning flashing bright across his skin, rain curling its fingers down the glass. He liked the
noise. It was wild, and there was something soothing in that. There was no complexity to
rain. It fell where it fell. Neither good nor bad, simply there. No one ever tried to temper a
storm.
Now, there was a storm battering Caldera City, a few months early to herald monsoon season
but here nonetheless, angry and devastating. Zuko watched it from his bedroom window,
watched the lightning thread through the night sky, striking over his face and lighting him up
with its white-fury. He couldn’t see through the rain. He never could. But this blindness he
felt now... it was different to the blindness he felt as a child.
He knew exactly where he was. He knew exactly who he was with. He knew exactly what he
had done.
And the most unsettling part of it all?
Zuko felt fine.
They took a boat home and Zuko stood on the deck staring at the moon. He had stood like
this, on a ship deck staring at the moon, so many times. He'd seen so many things. He
remembered when he lost the moon. He hadn’t felt it as he had losing Agni, but these days,
he felt connected to it. Agni was his soul; seething and burning, too bright to look directly at,
incomprehensible. But Tui... Tui had nestled deep in his heart.

Azula listened to Zuko’s story and he told her the parts he was willing to share, which is to
say it was a very short conversation. He was taken by the Water Tribe, then the Earth
Kingdom intervened. He spent four months held as a political prisoner being tortured for
information. He escaped. He hunted General Fong down.
He killed him.
Azula had laughed here, her eyes narrowing. She'd said she was almost impressed. Zuko
dared to question what would become of him now. He wouldn’t be surprised if he became a
prisoner of the Fire Nation as punishment for breaching the terms of his banishment. Then
he’d have three nations under his belt. If only all the Air Nomads were still alive, a cold part
of his mind sneered, I’d have a full set.
Azula gave him a final once over, eyes scrutinising, before deciding that she would take Zuko
back to Caldera City not as a prisoner, but as a Prince. You eradicated an enemy; Father will
be proud. Azula had said. He will lift your banishment. It’s only logical, now that your
bending is stronger. You've learnt your lesson. Zuko just nodded, focused more on the few
inches of height she’d gained, on the weight she’d lost, on the deeper tone of her voice. She
was older now. It made sense - it had been three years - but his memories hadn’t expected it.
His mind still saw the eleven-year-old girl watching from the side-lines of the Agni Kai. He
hadn’t been angry at Father for what he did that day, not at the time, but that, seeing Azula, so
young, sat there about to witness her brother in a Fire Duel, that had made him angry.
She'd been alone for three years. No Mother, no Uncle, no Zuko. He didn’t want to think
about the damage Ozai could have done in that time, with no one to tell Azula that he was
wrong, that she was enough, so he didn’t think about it. But seeing her talk, seeing her look at
him like that with no remorse, no softness, no anything in her eyes as he told her what he’d
been through, as she decided he was at least worth sparing; it was proof enough. Ozai had
torn out whatever heart Azula had.
Zuko avoided Mai just as he avoided everyone else. She didn’t want to talk to him, but she
wanted to at least see him. That night as he stood on the deck, she managed to catch him. Mai
was beautiful. She always had been, of course, but now, she’d sharpened, her hair a little
longer, and she was a lot taller than she used to be as she leaned against the railing, elbow
brushing Zuko’s arm. He didn’t know how long they stood in silence. She stared at his face,
his scars, his pristine new Fire Nation clothes. He stared at the moon. After a while, she let
out a small breath, grabbing his hand, squeezing it once, and then she was gone. It was the
most comfort he’d felt in a long time, but Zuko found himself rubbing his fingers over the
skin of his hands. He’d washed them. He'd washed them so many times. It was no good.
No amount of water could rid him of the blood.
He’d been away from Zi Se for three days now. He'd been home for one of those days. He'd
walked the palace, the gardens, he’d sat by the turtleduck pond, he’d avoided Mai and pushed
out of Ty Lee’s hug. Azula had no time for him because he wasn’t useful. And Father...
Father hadn’t asked to see him.
Until now.

Azula had mentioned that Father was in a meeting, but when it finished, he would almost
certainly want to speak with Zuko. He was waiting for the official summons, sat on his
windowsill like a brooding child, staring at the storm. He thought of his father, of what he
might say, of if he would banish him again or worse, and he thought of all those days, weeks,
months spent with Fong, and how Father could have helped but didn’t.
Zuko sighed, fogging up the cold window, and his breath was short because breathing deep
made his ribs rattle, and his hands smelled of blood no matter what soaps he used.
The most unsettling part of it all was that, when he thought of the sword stabbing into Fong,
Zuko always felt completely fine.
He was the Fire Prince, and the Fire Prince was heartless, loveless, merciless. He spent
thirteen years uncomfortable with the title, and once, he fought against it. He truly thought he
could change things. But that day showed Zuko his only option was acceptance. He spent
three years travelling the world in an attempt to befit his title, but he was too hot-headed, too
immature, too short-sighted. He felt like a war was waging inside him. Half of him tried to be
the Fire Prince, the other half told him that was wrong. With the Water Tribe, he was tempted
with the possibility of distinction. Maybe the Fire Prince and Zuko were two different people.
Maybe the two sides within him just needed to merge and create a third option. Not good, not
bad, but Zuko.
But killing Fong ended the battle within him. Whether there had been two fighters or three,
there was only one victor.
The Fire Prince.
Zuko was unable to change the implications of that. It had always been this way, and it
always would be this way, and nothing he did or didn’t do would change that.
There was a sense of relief in accepting not good or bad, but simply what was.
There was a sense of catharsis in giving up.
“Why so downcast, Zuzu?” Azula’s voice sounded, smooth and low, and Zuko looked up to
see her stood in the doorway, arms crossed over a casual red robe. She was supposed to be in
bed. Her duties were over for the day, and Zuko had heard the soft click of her door as she
retired to her chambers down the hall. She hadn’t bothered with him all day. Her hair was
down, her make-up was off. Azula stood before him as a little girl, so painfully young that it
hurt, looking so much like Mother that it hurt, but she never let anyone see her like this.
So why was she here?
“What do you want, Azula?” Zuko asked, nonplussed, turning his eyes back to the storm
outside. He wasn’t scared of Azula. He used to be; she used to terrorise him, for Agni’s sake.
But now, he felt he’d seen true evil, and despite what his past self might have thought, Azula
didn’t make that cut. Besides, Azula was logical. If she wanted him dead, she would have
killed him already.

“My, my,” Azula sighed, “such an attitude. Can I not worry about you, brother?
Zuko scoffed, turning back to her with a sharp smile. “Concern has never been your
specialty.”
Her face darkened at that, scowling at the insinuation that she wasn’t good at something, and
she really hadn’t changed nearly as much as Zuko had thought, had feared. If Zuko closed off
his mind, he could pretend they were those kids from his memories again. Him, watching
storms from a window. Her, pinching him awake. Both of them bloodless. Both of them
innocent. In his head, they still had a chance.
Zuko’s smile fell and he worked his jaw, schooling his expression into something blank.
There was no use daydreaming. He was in the Fire Nation. They were the Fire Prince and
Fire Princess. They had killed people. They had done horrible things. They stood for horrible
things. They were horrible.
A sudden fondness stabbed through him, because at least they were horrible together.
It was a little funny, how pathetic they truly were.
“Fine,” Azula huffed, dropping her shoulders with an elegant eyeroll, “I want to know what
you plan to say to Father. I was generous enough to put in a good word for you. I don’t want
you and your big mouth ruining that. It would be a waste of my time.”
Zuko thought on that for a second. A good word. Azula never did anything without personal
gain. That didn’t mean she never did things for others, as much as she tried to deny it, but it
meant even helping acts had some form of ulterior motive. She was raised to always move
herself upwards even if it meant treading on those in her way, and sometimes, she’d offer a
hand up while standing on the backs of others. This was that hand. She was playing her cards.
Zuko just needed to figure out where he stood in her mind.
He was a threat to her, he knew that. She'd had three years to solidify her position as Father’s
favourite. Not that there was ever much question around it, but she made it clear how easily
the Fire Nation continued in Zuko’s absence, made it clear she could uphold the Crown
without her big brother at her side. Really, she had made it clear that if Zuko died, it wouldn’t
be an issue. So for him to show up now, still the heir - it challenged her; stones crumbling
from the cliff face of Father’s favour with the threat of a landslide.
She ought to be vicious with him, like she used to be, but instead, she was stood before him
with a strange glint in her eyes. Azula had forgotten that Zuko was the only person in the
world who could tell when she was hiding something. That was the joke of it. Azula always
lies. He knew when she was lying, but he'd always convince himself that this time, she had
decided to tell the truth. He always wanted to see the good in her, whether it existed or not.
Zuko had always been able to see Azula, even when Mother and Father hadn’t. And he saw
her now, in the shadows of his room. She wasn’t hateful when she looked at him. No, there
was curiosity in her glare as she tried to figure out who stood before her, where he connected
to the brother from her memories, and there was also a slight golden shift of something Zuko
might have missed if he wasn’t so well acquainted with it.

Anger.
Zuko narrowed his eyes. Azula was a lot of things, but angry? She was always the calm one,
the serene one, like ice, while Zuko burned and made a mess of things at her side. Was this
new, or had it revealed itself the moment Zuko lost the energy to look at Azula with spite? He
didn’t want Father’s favour anymore, and that made Azula his sister, not his enemy. She
looked different from that perspective.
“I don’t need you prepping me on what to say. I'll be fine.” Zuko said, and something terse in
his tone made her straighten, as if realising she’d let the mask fall ever so slightly.
“I’m not worried about you.” She hissed. “You’ve been gone three years; I need to ensure you
remember your place.”
Had her threats always sounded so practised? Zuko didn’t even flinch anymore.
But there was a catch to her words, an over-sharpness. Azula never did anything without
purpose, but something about what she just said made her defensive. Not worried about you.
Was she ever? Remember your place. Zuko had made it clear he was coming to the Fire
Nation only to come home, not to tread on her toes. He’d even shrugged off a comment she
made about him being removed from the line of succession as punishment for breaching his
banishment. She’d get the throne, which suited Azula, and he'd still be the Fire Prince, which
was all that suited Zuko.
You've been gone three years.
There it was.
Said too quick, as if she’d agonised over it, not even a beat of hesitation, as if she knew it
down to the month.
“You’re angry with me.” Zuko said quietly, and Azula blinked; her only telling of surprise.
Her smile curled into something cruel. “Generally, yes, the thought of your existence makes
one easily enraged.”
“I was banished, ‘Zula.” Zuko said, voice still steady, ignoring her goading.
Her smile fell violently. “Don’t,” she snarled, “call me that.”
“I was banished, ‘Zula.” Zuko repeated, the air in the room suddenly thick, like the smoke
that had choked the Boiling Rock library. “I had to leave. I had no choice.”
He expected her to yell at him, or even try and hurt him, or leave, or anything other than what
she did instead. Zuko and Azula didn’t do talking. Neither of them were very good at it, and
they bothered each other too much to waste the effort. But they also weren’t the Zuko and
Azula they used to be. Zuko imagined if Father had sent Azula after him, or if Zuko had
arrived here with his own motives to step right back into competition with Azula, then their
relationship would be right back to the visceral toxicity it used to be. But as it was, they
found each other by accident, and Zuko was surrendering. To her, to Father, to who he was.

And Azula... she’d noticed that difference in him, that difference that stemmed from
something so dark, so twisted, so evil.
And she’d responded in kind, because instead of yelling or lashing out, Azula let her eyes
flutter shut, before opening them, still smiling as if that would cover her words, expression
accusing because she couldn’t quite manage pained.
“You left me.”
It was a mean accusation, and Zuko sucked in a shocked breath.
He remembered the Agni Kai, the crowd, the helplessness, the pain. He let his fingers reach
and slowly touch his scar, brushing the familiar edges of it, rough, ugly. He thought of those
months healing afterwards, consumed by desperation and hiding it behind anger. Uncle.
“I had no choice.”
“You had everything.” Azula hissed, voice a growl of resentment. “Little Zuzu, always
coddled. You fooled Mother, you fooled Uncle, even the servants loved you.” She scoffed
and it pierced through the room. “But Father is always right. You are weak.”
Zuko sucked in a breath, before releasing it. He realised he didn’t want to argue with Azula,
because as quickly as his hatred of her had returned, she’d said the words ’Father is always
right’, and he remembered that she was a victim of this palace too. They had been subject to
different kinds of violence, one hatred, one hateful, but it was still violence.
“Whatever.” Zuko sighed, and Azula’s lips parted in shock.
“Aren’t you going to argue with me?” She said, because now he wasn’t playing her game.
“I,” Zuko pushed himself up, swallowing a groan because Agni, his ribs were worse than
before, “am going to wait for Father.”
He walked past Azula, never close enough to touch, and ignored the acidic glare trained on
him. She didn’t know what to say. Zuko was quick to rise, quick to anger, he always had
been. He was so easy to tease as a child. But he was grown now. Things were different now.
He was different now. He didn’t care.
“You know,” Azula called after him, almost desperate with the need to wound, “I preferred
you before you got tortured by the Earth Kingdom.”
The bluntness was supposed to be cutting, but Zuko found himself smirking, turning on his
heel to walk backwards a few paces.
“And I preferred you when you were five.” Zuko said easily, before turning again and
walking away, leaving Azula behind.
____

This was Zuko’s home, his childhood. These walls, these corridors, these flickering shadows
and swooping orange torches, these reds and golds, all of it oozed over and around him and
whispered with bated breath; homeland. Just a few months ago, he would have given
everything to be back here, to be the Fire Prince. He would have done whatever it took. But
now, he was here by some accident, and it wasn’t that he didn’t want to be home, but that he
didn’t care. Zuko thought he could be sat in the middle of the Si Wong Desert right now and
he would feel this same barrenness within him as he did the hallways of the Royal Palace.
When Zuko got out of Fong’s base, he tried to drown himself in apathy. It was a coping
mechanism, clear as day, and it was on purpose. He turned the taps of his feelings, he pulled
the curtains tight, he held the blanket close. All of it fake, a mask to hide his true feelings. He
had been angry that whole time, and hurt, and scared, but he made the conscious decision to
hide it; birdcage to the wild animal.
Now, things were different. There was nothing to hide. The cage was open and the bird was
dead. Zuko just felt empty. He thought of Fong and didn’t care, he walked the corridors of his
childhood and didn’t pause, he smelt blood and just kept living with it.
This was good. This was what he wanted. Killing Fong was the solution to all that darkness
that twisted him up inside. Zuko had known that he was willing to commit the unforgivable if
it meant protecting Zi Se, but he’d also known, quietly, that it was the only way to rid himself
of the pain. He had too much anger in him, all that rage clawing at his marrow, and it needed
out.
It died with Fong, and now, Zuko felt nothing at all.
The royal family’s portraits lined the walls of the palace’s main corridor, each portrait
towering high and bordered with curling gold, cast in shuddering orange from nearby torches.
Every Fire Lord, going back hundreds of years. As Zuko walked, he felt the eyes of
generations of power, each step taking him closer to the present, each person in each portrait
growing crueller and crueller as the Fire nation lost its way more and more. Until Zuko froze.
He'd stared at this portrait before, limping down this corridor with the aid of one of the
servants who took pity on him, his trouser leg hanging in tatters to reveal the searing burns
beneath. He hadn’t cried the entire time, even though he was just twelve, but as he stared at
Fire Lord Sozin’s foreboding face, it had felt like something snapped in Zuko. After all, it
was Sozin’s legislation.
Zuko had felt so broken beneath the painted man’s stare. Unworthy, unnatural. He knew it
was his own abomination, but for a moment, Zuko imagined himself screaming, releasing all
his pent-up heartbreak, fire on his breath and sparking Sozin’s robes, the canvas catching
light like kindling. This part of the palace was almost completely decorative anyway, and in
that moment, Zuko wanted to burn it to the fucking ground.
But he didn’t. He cried instead, and he did nothing, and now he was back.
“Your Highness,” a servant bowed before Zuko, appearing silently from the alcoves, and
Zuko startled, “the Fire Lord demands your presence.”

Demands. Never requests, never would like. Ozai was punctuated by imperatives and ice, and
he was all Zuko had now. Ozai and Azula. They were all he had left.
Zuko distantly remembered thanking the servant, and then his feet were carrying him to the
throne room, muscle memory. How many times had he and Azula snuck in here to
eavesdrop? He remembered the last time, watching Father talk to Grandfather. After
everything Zuko had been through, that was the day his life truly ended. All this pain, and it
could be traced back to one source, one moment.
Zuko stopped in his tracks, staring up at the entrance to the throne room, only a red curtain
between him and Father.
Father, who banished him.
Father, who branded him,
Father, who left him to Fong’s cruelty.
Father, who would seal his fate.
He could die here, Zuko realised belatedly. Father could end it all right now. Such a threat,
yet Zuko’s foggy mind could only conjure Zi Se. The kid’s innocent grin twisted something
inside, and he winced. He must have breathed in too deep, must have pressed his ribs too
much.
Three years for this.
A man’s life for this.
Zuko pulled back the curtain.
____
Darkness bracketed the throne room, impenetrable walls of black trapping Zuko, the walk
directly before him the only thing he could see, footsteps echoing like catapults being fired.
And there, at the end of the room, sat amongst raging orange flames and completely unfazed
by them despite Zuko’s stomach roiling at the sight, was Father.
Zuko didn’t know what he expected, but the rigid formality of it, the way he couldn’t even
make out his father’s face through the flames, sent a shiver over him, and he realised
something. Zuko was so bitter, but still, when he thought of how he was facing a man he
hadn’t seen since he held a fire to Zuko’s face, he felt scared too. It seemed he’d always have
room to be scared of his father, no matter what happened in his life.
The scariest part was that he knew this was the worthiest he’d ever been of his father’s love.
He was scared it would be enough, that this was the ungodly price, and he was scared that it
wouldn’t be enough, that even after he’d sacrificed everything, Father wouldn’t love him.
It was disquieting. Zuko killed a man. In return, he was gifted numbness. But this sudden
wave of bitter fear was anything but numb. The universe was breaking its end of the deal. Go

back, Zuko wanted to plead, go away.
But it didn’t, because Zuko knew he had to bow now. On his knees, just like in the Agni Kai.
He breathed in deep, ignoring how it stabbed his ribs, meditative, exhaling through grit teeth,
and kneeled before his father.
“You have been away for a long time.” Ozai said, and Zuko grit his teeth harder, just like he
used to back in the cell. Is that it? He almost asked. Is that all you have to say?
“I see the weight of your travels has changed you.” Ozai continued, and Zuko swallowed a
laugh. Changed was an understatement. Weight was an understatement. “I told you to bring
home the Avatar, and you did not do that. But your sister tells me you have found your
honour through other means. You refused to let your pride be tarnished. You hunted and rid
the Fire Nation of an enemy. Azula said she was amazed and impressed with your power and
ferocity. She said your firebending has finally reached standards befitting the royal family.”
Father’s voice had been a gravelly husk, but here, he stood, towering above the flames, able
to cast them forward to engulf Zuko if he so pleased. Zuko turned rigid, but Father just
stepped forward, coming into the light, towering over him.
“You have redeemed yourself.” Father said. Redeemed of something innocent by doing the
irredeemable. Zuko felt sick.
“I am proud, Prince Zuko.” Father said, and Zuko stopped breathing altogether. “Welcome
home.”
____
Father was planning something serious, so serious that he didn’t even want Azula to be privy
to it. Apparently, he’d been allusive for weeks now. Azula was antsy, unaccustomed to being
left out of the Fire Nation’s affairs, but she didn’t complain. They weren’t allowed to
complain. Not even the next day when they were told - not offered, or asked – that they
would be spending the night at Ember Island with Mai and Ty Lee, just like they did when
they were children.
Zuko didn’t particularly care. He didn’t like being around Father because it was making him
think dangerous things, reiterating words spoken from tribesmen who shouldn’t have felt so
safe, and if it had been hard being away from the Water Tribe back at Fong’s base, being
away from them now was agonising. Because at Fong’s base, Zuko was held back by earth
and rock and force. But here in the Fire Nation, Zuko was chained by his own choice, his
own bloody hands. He couldn’t spread this fire, smear this blood, over the only joy his life
had felt in so long. He couldn’t do that to them.
But now he was stood on a beach, no sign of last night's storm, Agni blazing over the sand
and turning it into a stretch of pure gold, the waves calm as they crawled up the shore,
rushing back down, trying again and again and sweeping pebbles and shells with them, and it
smelt of salt and fresh air and easiness. It smelt Water Tribe. And the last beach Zuko had
been on was in Gaoling, and he watched the ocean like this. Then, Tomkin and Nanook had
joined him, splashing water and giving smiles so easily. Now, Zuko was alone.

“You’re hurt.”
Or at least he thought he was.
Mai’s voice was gloomy, no matter what she said. It had taken Zuko years to learn the
nuances of it, to learn she wasn’t truly that moody all the time. Zuko turned to see her
walking towards him, leaving the spot where Ty Lee was sunbathing, various teenage boys
crowding around her. This version of gloomy-Mai was rare. Her sharp eyebrows were
slightly furrowed, lips pursed; she was upset. Zuko flicked his gaze between her and Ty Lee,
and understood. He wasn’t the only one who shared his secrets in the Boiling Rock cupboard
that day when they were kids.
“I’m fine” Zuko said, turning back to the sea.
“Sit down.” Mai said, ignoring him in favour of tugging the sleeve of his tunic, pulling him
down with her as she crossed her legs.
“Where did you even get that?” Zuko scoffed as she pulled a small first aid kit from her
sleeve.
“Found it in the house.” Mai said, rooting through it. “I carry multiple knives with me at all
times; I like to know where these things are.”
It was strange, how easily they fell back into friendship. They hadn’t talked about them,
about their practical engagement in the eyes of their parents, at all since he got back. Mai
knew Zuko couldn’t handle that right now, so she let him be. It was like these three years of
absence hadn’t happened; it was just Mai and Zuko, and that was easy.
“I’m fine, Mai.” Zuko tried again when Mai looked at him expectantly, wielding some
rubbing alcohol with the same ferocity as one of her knives.
“I didn’t actually ask.” Mai said, tawny eyes taking to flicking over him. If he wouldn’t tell
her where he was injured, she would find the injuries herself. Zuko knew Mai wasn’t a
patient girl, and her methods were far from soft. It was only a matter of time before she
started poking him, and if he winced, he’d never hear the end of it.
Zuko caved. “I’ve got an old cut on my leg that’s still healing, and a couple minor ones on
my back. Oh, and he caught my shoulder during-, when I-.”
Zuko’s sentences shredded themselves, and he swallowed thickly. Mai nodded in
understanding, knowing who Zuko meant by ‘he’ if only by the hatred in his tone alone.
“Sleeve.” Mai said, and Zuko sighed once more, the breath hitching in his throat. Sighing
dramatically was much harder with broken ribs, Zuko was noticing. He slowly tugged at his
tunic, refraining from lifting his arms after what happened last time he tried that, to reveal his
shoulder, a messily applied bandage now stained red covering his pale skin. He hadn’t let the
servants come near him. He hadn’t even let them help him dress. Mai was going to have to
touch him. The thought of that made Zuko’s stomach bottom out. And Mai was his friend, he

loved her, he trusted her. If he didn’t want Mai near him, then the servants were a different
territory entirely.
Slowly and with a gentleness Mai rarely allowed, her fingers reached forward to peel off the
bandage, the skin beneath it pulling with a flash of pain. It wasn’t a bad cut, but Zuko knew
he probably should have changed the bandage sooner.
The rest of his injuries from Fong’s base were fading into the background now. He'd stitched
what needed stitching and salved what needed salving, and he’d cleaned his wounds
everyday back at the White Lotus camp. He only stopped when he left for Fong, and hadn’t
seen much need to lapse back into that. The way Mai was tutting beneath her breath said she
disagreed with that statement. Zuko just worked his jaw, ignoring the way his heart danced as
her fingers touched his collarbone. In the past, he would have clung to this feeling, would
have chased it and milked it for all its worth, would have prayed that maybe he was finally
feeling what he was supposed to. But he knew enough now to know it was a waste of time.
He loved Mai, but he could never be in love with her.
“Azula says your ribs are ruined.” Mai said conversationally as she applied fresh bandages.
Zuko swallowed, trying to avoid the topic. The thing is, the likelihood was that Chan had
only fractured a rib or two when they fought, but Zuko’s insistence on moving and ignoring
the injury worsened them. That kick to the chest from Fong had been the final straw. He
didn’t hear the crack amongst the chaos of the library, but he felt it. His ribs were broken, and
Zuko hadn’t told anyone because he knew the only cure for broken ribs was rest.
Zuko had hardly stopped moving since he got home. He went on walks. He never sat still for
too long. It made him restless; he felt confined to his mind, his memories. If it got out that he
needed to rest, to not strain himself, that might be taken off him.
So, Zuko drew himself up despite the wave of pain it caused and confidently said; “My ribs
are fine.”
Mai narrowed her eyes, leaning back so Zuko could pull his tunic back in place. For a few
seconds, it was quiet as she thought, before she sighed, flicking at his leg.
“Let me see.”
Zuko conformed easier with this one. Fong had given him this during their last interrogation
together. Zuko had stitched it weeks ago, and it had been healing nicely. Admittedly, he
hadn’t checked it in days, but what was the worst that could have happened-.
Zuko pulled up his trouser leg, unwrapping the bandages to reveal the skin beneath, and his
mind immediately blanked. Mai gasped, eyes widening, as they both stared at his leg. There
were old scars sitting jagged like snowy cliffs, and one burn scar longer than the others,
curling like a whip. It ended around Zuko’s thigh, the same harsh red as the burn on his face.
But that wasn’t what Zuko and Mai were staring at. Fong’s cut stretched from below Zuko’s
knee all the way to his ankle, and it had been starting to scar a little messily thanks to Zuko’s
unpractised stitches, but now, the scarring process seemed to have stopped, giving way to a

horrific red flush around the cut, stripes of red slashing from either side like his veins had
opened beneath the skin.
“Well that doesn’t look good.” Zuko muttered monotonously.
“No, it really doesn’t.” Mai’s tone remained glum. “Zuko, I think it’s infected.”
“You think?”
“I’m not actually a healer, you know.” Mai snapped, and Zuko paused, realising she was
right. The only experience Mai had was a lifetime of treating her own grazes, and unlike
Zuko, she had never been stupid enough to get any infected.
“I’m... I’ll clean it and bandage it to stop anything else getting on it. And, um...” Mai worried
at her lip, and Zuko couldn’t help but bite back a laugh. It wasn’t funny. It really wasn’t. But
Agni, after everything, of course something had to get infected. This was Zuko; lucky to be
born and fucked up in every other category. So fucked up that he managed four months in
horrible conditions without any injuries getting infected, using the small amounts of water
they were given to clean his wounds as best he could, because back then he needed to keep
going for Zi Se’s sake. So fucked up that he couldn’t even see a healer, because he couldn’t
have strangers touching him and he couldn’t let his mind wander to Kanut and it was all so
ridiculous, because Zuko was starting to be the cause of his own pain. He always had been,
really.
Martyrdom and self-destruction are two very different things.
Zuko’s laugh died in his throat, and he stared at the cut, the lightning-strike red lines
branching from it. The earlier stages of an infection. Nothing to worry about too much if he
just sat with a healer. Zuko frowned, an uneasiness settling over him that he couldn’t quite
place.
He had done this.
Not Fong. Not Ozai. Zuko.
He was hardly his own biggest fan, and he could list his shortcomings until Agni set upon the
beach, but... but whether he did what he did for Zi Se or not, Zuko still suffered through so
much, survived through so much, lost so much, that doing this to himself now just wasn’t
fair.
He owed himself enough to stop this.
Which was why when Mai insisted he see a healer the moment they got back to the palace,
Zuko sighed, and promised he would.
____
That night, Zuko was in the same room he slept in every summer as a child. He lay in this
same bed that always had sand amongst the sheets no matter how hard Zuko tried to clear it,
in this same room positioned at the end of the corridor closest to the sea so that he could hear

the waves in the distance, in this same house that held the only happy memories Zuko really
had of his childhood. There were too many memories here, as Zuko sat upright in bed,
breathing shallowly and staring at the darkness. Pictures on the wall, Father’s hand on Zuko’s
shoulder, grip like iron, Mother at his side. Seashells on the shelves that Zuko liked because
they were pretty and he was young and stupid. A burn on the bottom bedpost from when he
and Azula got distracted re-enacting the final battle from Love Amongst The Dragons. Zuko
always played the villain.
He couldn’t sleep, but he knew it wasn't because of the shroud of memories hanging over
him. Zuko still hadn’t quite got his sleeping pattern back to normal. His firebending was
back, his chi had warmed once again within him, but there was still something slightly offkilter with Zuko’s connection to Agni. He knew it just needed time, like all wounds.
That didn’t make it any easier. He either slept like the dead or he didn’t sleep at all, but
tonight... tonight was different. Just like the night before.
Zuko had woken up in a cold sweat, a scream caught behind teeth and the sheets twisted
around his body, tight enough that the panic of the nightmare didn’t subside with lucidness.
Zuko had kicked until his back was pressed firmly to the headboard, knees tucked to his
aching chest.
Nightmares weren’t new, but every night since he killed Fong saw the same thing.
That moment.
The sword stabbing into Fong’s chest.
Kanut’s offer of redemption.
Hakoda’s wide eyes.
The ash. The blood. The rage.
Zuko was fine. When he thought of Fong during the day, he was fine. When he pictured the
life leaving Fong’s eyes, he was fine. When he remembered exactly what he’d done and who
he chose and who he was, Zuko was completely fine.
But the moment he fell asleep, his mind tormented him. It showed him visions of what could
have happened, it twisted Hakoda’s face into one of horror, it repeated Sokka’s words again
and again. This is wrong. This is wrong. This is wrong.
Zuko was on his feet before his mind fully caught up with him, storming out of the room. He
needed to get away from it, from the crushing past and the terrifying present. He was fine. He
was supposed to be fine now. He got to be fine. He owed himself enough to be fine.
So why was his mind trying to convince him that he wasn't?
There was Tui again, white light spilling over the beach and turning the sand into silver satin,
balanced on the lip of the ocean. The beach was nicer at night, quieter.

But as Zuko kept walking, a gentle breeze stirring the robe he’d pulled on before he fled his
room like a coward, he realised the beach wasn’t entirely empty.
“You should be asleep.” Zuko said carefully, watching Azula’s every move. She was stood
just out of reach of the waves, watching as they surged forward, never quite catching her bare
feet. Her hair was down, her arms crossed over her chest. Zuko was suddenly worried she
was cold, but this was Azula. They didn’t worry about each other. Not like that.
Azula didn’t flinch when he spoke, but her shoulders tensed ever so slightly; the only
indication that she’d been distracted.
“Why are you up?” She asked, ignoring his attempt at concern.
Zuko hesitated, before standing at her side. For a few seconds, he battled with what to tell
her. They'd been enemies, opposites, for so long, that now it felt strange to be side by side.
But Zuko supposed they were now. Azula was the only person in the world who might
understand.
“Can’t sleep,” Zuko said simply, staring at the ink-black sea, “this place is like a ghost. Those
summers we spent here seem so long ago. So much has changed.”
Zuko remembered chasing Lu Ten over the sand dunes. He remembered Mother’s soft touch
around his shoulders. He remembered Uncle teaching him how to build sand castles.
But that was a lifetime ago. Lu Ten was dead and Mother was gone and Uncle had left.
Azula was still here though.
“Come on, you’re cold.” Zuko sighed, giving in. “Let’s start a fire.”
Azula glared daggers at him at the insinuation that she might be cold, but then something
changed. A muscle in her cheek jumped, her eyebrows furrowing a little.
“There's plenty of stuff to burn in the house.” She said sternly, and Zuko thought he
understood what she was trying to say. The ghosts of Ember Island were haunting her just as
much as Zuko.
Zuko looked back out at the ocean, hand tentatively reaching for the necklace still hanging
against his chest. “The trouble with burning is that once it starts,” Zuko said quietly, “it’s hard
to stop.”
Azula looked at him then, and he waited for her to mock him. She would say ‘you’re
pathetic’ and she would lose her temper when he didn’t rise to her like he used to, and they’d
deepen this chasm between them. But the silence continued and Azula kept staring.
And then she spoke, just as quietly as Zuko had, as if she was committing treason. “When I
walked into that library,” she said slowly, “it was absolutely decimated. Did you feel better?
When you looked at all you’d destroyed, at the ash, did it make you feel better?”

Zuko opened his mouth, then closed it again. He didn’t know what she was reaching for, he
didn’t know if she was even playing this strange game of authenticity that Zuko had started.
Was she building up to push him down, or was she actually trying to mend something
between them? Azula and Zuko had started as fractures, being pushed into a sharp break that
left a bruise with each inhale, but they could at least try. She was all he really had now.
So, Zuko thought hard on her question. He reluctantly remembered that damned library, the
devastation he’d caused. It had been an afterthought at the time, but he could see it clearly in
his head now, and it truly was horrifying. He wished Azula hadn’t had to see that. Zuko
thought harder, and forced his reeling mind to remember how he’d felt. How did the fire
sound? How did the ash taste? How did that sudden shift of power feel?
“Yeah.” Zuko choked out. “Agni, yeah, it did.”
Azula nodded once, as if unfazed. “You know the hall of portraits in the palace?”
Her question was random enough to snap Zuko from the shadows of his broken mind, and he
frowned, nodding in confirmation.
“Sometimes,” Azula continued, voice still so infuriatingly calm, “I walk down there, and I
look at all the previous Fire Lords, and I stop in front of Azulon. Azulon, for who I was
named. That's our legacy, brother. To be in that hallway.”
Zuko knew the crushing weight of those portraits. He'd felt it only recently when he stared at
Sozin. He never knew Azula felt the same. He felt like he was meeting her for the first time.
“Do you want to be in that hallway?” Zuko asked carefully.
Azula turned to him with a slightly manic smile. "No,” she hummed contemplatively, before
giggling, "I want to burn it to the ground.”
She spoke like she did about most things, disdainfully, arrogantly, but as the seconds dragged
on with Zuko only staring in surprise, he noticed how her eyes widened ever so slightly, the
edges of her smile twisting down, as if she’d accidentally revealed too much. Agni, she
reminded Zuko of how he’d been when he first boarded the Ullaakut. Except Azula wasn’t
surrounded by threats and strangers; she was alone with her brother.
Sadness clawed its way up Zuko’s throat, and he remembered what she said the day before.
You left me. He’d thought she was accusing him, trying to scratch into his memories, but now,
Zuko considered the words.
And he supposed it was true.
Through no fault of his own, Zuko had abandoned Azula to... to this. This paranoid
lovelessness. This horror at who they were. In three years, he’d thought about her a lot, but
he’d always stopped himself from ever worrying or feeling guilty. She had been selfish and
mean. She still was – there was no doubt about that – but Zuko had been given an outside
perspective of their lives, and he saw that she had been manufactured this way.

They had both been weaponised.
Zuko, against himself.
Azula, against the world.
And Agni, they were both just kids.
“I’m sorry, Azula.” Zuko whispered, golden eyes staring at her face, memorising it. His baby
sister. “What Father did to me... that was wrong. I know that now. I need you to know that.”
Zuko said, swallowing, a father is someone who cares about you. “But I’m still your big
brother. I was still supposed to take care of you. I'm sorry I was never any good at it.”
Azula had frozen, breath caught in her throat, expression shuttered off aside a slightly dazed
look in her eye. It was silent for a long time between them before Azula spoke again, voice
smooth, like she’d been waiting to ensure there were no cracks in her composure.
“I don’t need you babying me, Zuzu.” She rolled her eyes, tone mocking. “I don’t have a sob
story like you. I don’t need a,” she laughed here, a sharp, cutting thing, “a big brother.”
“Whether you need one isn’t relevant.” Zuko said quickly, surprising himself with his own
determination to get the words out. "You have one. I’m your brother. You can hate me and
push me away, but I’m still your brother, and I should’ve... I don’t know, I should've done
more when we were kids. We both should have done more for each other.”
Because that was the thing; this burden wasn’t entirely Zuko’s. Azula was horrible to him.
She said mean things and worded them in the most hurtful way she could. She got in his
head, beneath his skin. She did everything in her power to keep him kicked down.
Zuko remembered the fights with Chan. He fought because he was starving, but there was a
sense of acquiescence to it. Spider wanted the prisoners to fight, he designed their meals so
that they would fight, so they fought. Zuko did horrible, inhumane things to his fellow
prisoners, because it earnt him food.
Azula was only earning Father’s favour. Father pitted Zuko and Azula against each other, so
Azula fought Zuko every step of the way.
Zuko remembered how, when it came to an end, he had bowed before Chan and they
exchanged a silent forgiveness. They understood. They were the only ones who understood.
They had both done terrible, terrible things to each other, but neither had much choice.
Zuko had left him behind too.
“We could be better, ‘Zula.” Zuko said softly, eyes pleading. “I don’t want to compete with
you anymore. I’m done. I'm just... done. The world is so terrible,” Zuko turned back to the
sea, smelling blood, “but me and you, we don’t have to be. Not to each other. Not anymore.”
The waves pushed and pulled, glistening beneath the moonlight, and it was peaceful. Zuko
was stood beside Azula, and he felt peaceful. It was almost enough to make him laugh, but
Azula was thinking, staring so studiously at his scar that he was scared to so much as move.

“You’re weak.” Azula finally said, lips curling back in disgust. “You’re still weak.”
Zuko shut his eyes in defeat and Azula turned to walk away, but then she paused, sighing
loudly.
Instead of leaving, Azula sat down beside a pile of charred driftwood, a quick spark jumping
from her hand to light the fire, bathing the surrounding beach in orange.
“Well, sit down then.” She said sharply. "You said it’s cold.”
Zuko felt himself smiling at her, slowly sitting down beside his sister.
____
They sat like that for hours. They hardly spoke. Azula shut down everything Zuko tried to
say, but she didn’t leave. It was only when they saw the first few rays of sunrise on the
horizon that she turned to face Zuko fully, golden eyes hard, expression smooth.
“Let me see.” She said, and he blinked in confusion.
“See what?”
“Your fire.” Azula furthered like he was being stupid. “I only know what you’ve told me.”
Zuko frowned, before realising she was right. She hadn’t actually seen the haunting blue of
his fire yet, but she hadn’t even questioned it when he told her.
“But you told Father...” Zuko started, confused. Why would she tell Father about his bending
if she hadn’t even seen it, going only off what Zuko told her? A good word. She said she put
a good word in. Why?
“Please,” Azula examined her nails with a sense of boredom, “you were coming home with
no Avatar after being found breaching the terms of your banishment. If I didn’t sugar-coat
things a little, he might have killed you on the spot. That wouldn't be any fun.”
Zuko stared dumbly for a few seconds, speechless. Azula had... she’d protected him. And he
didn’t even think she realised she had just yet.
Zuko forced himself back to reality before she got the chance to shut the conversation down,
lifting his hand before him. He hesitated, before letting blue fire blanket his fingers. It was so
much hotter than his normal firebending, but he’d take it over the orange campfire before
him.
“Weird, isn’t it?” Zuko said idly, watching the blue hues flicker over his skin. He could stare
at it for hours, losing himself in his mind, remembering what this fire was capable of, what it
had done.
Instead of speaking, Azula raised her own hand, holding it beside Zuko’s but not so they were
touching. Flames immediately burst from her skin, and they were-.

Zuko sucked in a breath.
Blue. Her firebending was blue.
“Do you know why?” Zuko whispered in awe, overwhelmed by the sudden prickling in his
eyes. He had been so unsure of the blue fire, so scared of himself. He didn’t have any
answers. He was completely, utterly alone.
But here was Azula, and she looked an awful lot like him.
Azula’s face turned into a scowl. “No, it just happened one day.”
“Did anything trigger it?” Zuko asked, because at least he had Fong as some sort of theory
behind this mutilation of his firebending. The thought pierced him. Did anything trigger it?
Had something happened? Was Azula okay?
She must have missed the sudden wave of concern that crashed over Zuko, because she just
raised an elegant shoulder. “No,” she said it a little quickly, “one day it was orange, the next
it was blue.”
Zuko gazed down the beach, thinking. He remembered Uncle’s gasp of horror when he saw
Zuko’s fire. Azula accepted it without even realising it was something that might be bad.
“I do know why we were sent to Ember Island, though.” Azula said absentmindedly, staring
at their twin flames, as the fires took power from one another, twirling beneath the rising sun.
“You do?” Zuko asked, before remembering Azula’s affinity for eavesdropping. Of course
she knew.
“Sozin’s Comet is coming in a matter of months.” Azula spoke casually, as if talking about
the weather. “When it arrives, Father will burn down the Earth Kingdom in its entirety. He
will wipe it out just as the Air Nomads were wiped out. It will win us the war. That’s why
he's been so busy lately; he's planning.”
Zuko’s flame spat and guttered, leaving only Azula’s to burn for a few seconds before she
extinguished it in a tight fist.
“What?" Zuko hissed, but he felt like his throat was closing up, his breath becoming punches
against his aching ribs.
Azula frowned, meeting his horrified stare. “It means that in a few months, this war will be
over and we... Father will leave us alone. We will be fine then. Is that...” her frown deepened,
confused. “Is that not what you want?”
Zuko couldn’t breathe. The Earth Kingdom. Gaoling. Fong’s base. That horrible green
uniform. All of it, burnt to ashes. Ruination. A scar on a map. Four nations turned three
turned two.
He knew without a shadow of a doubt that that wasn’t what he wanted. He never had.

Zuko remembered Lee. He remembered a red ribbon burning atop a pile of rocks. He
remembered Tulok’s niece, Miki, and her wide blue eyes. He remembered his decision to do
everything in his power to end this war. He remembered standing in a market in Gaoling,
insisting that the Fire Nation had to be the victors, because even though he wanted to end his
father’s war, he couldn’t bring himself to betray his father to such an extent as to take his
victory. He had been so naive. He had thought Father loved him.
Then he spent four months in agony, and his Father barely spared him more than a few
minutes.
Zuko’s insides twisted at the thought of Ozai. Their relationship was... complicated. But one
thing was for certain; Zuko knew now that he couldn’t let that man win this war.
It was like a slap to the face, and he suddenly realised exactly where he was.
Ember Island. The Fire Nation.
Zuko was fine. He really was. Everything was fine. Everything would be fine. He would
marry Mai and take the throne and his life would be a long line of fine’s. He belonged here.
He did. He was a ruined thing, mutilated and broken, and he had to stay where he couldn’t
hurt anyone else.
But that didn't mean he could stand by and let this happen.
The ship arrived later that day to take them back to the palace. Azula kept sending strange
looks Zuko’s way, and he knew she was angry with how he’d ended things this morning,
barely giving her an answer before rushing back to the house. Zuko couldn’t be selfish. He
couldn’t prioritise himself. Just like with Lee, his people came first, and his people couldn’t
live under the tyrannical rule of his father. If Ozai really went through with this, the Fire
Nation would burn in its own flames. He couldn’t let that happen. Zuko needed... Agni, he
didn’t know. He didn't know what to do.
All he knew was that he had to warn them.
Which meant he had to leave.

Chapter End Notes

Mai and post-Fong Zuko have the same moody humour and the fire hazard siblings are
fire hazards, also reports of some subtle mailee that wasn’t even in the plot outline i just
couldn’t help myself. more news at 10.
Would just like to say that, as much as this chapter killed me in terms of ye olde writer’s
block, I'm actually really fucking excited about this. Book 2 has almost solely been
Trauma and Reactions To Trauma so far, but this chapter really heralds the beginning of
Dealing With The Trauma. im still learning to be less critical of my own writing, but

I’ve put so much love into zuko’s healing and the way he heals and its wound up
becoming really personal, and idk I guess I'm just really really buzzing that we‘re
finally, after 8 chapters of Pain, getting into that aspect of book 2.

As for what’s going on with chapter 30, it shouldn’t be too big of a chapter so I’m
hoping to get it up in one week instead of two. see you next saturday nerds xx

Chapter 30: ii. Zuko Alone - Part Two
Chapter Notes

What’s up, I'm hella, I'm 18, and I never fuckin learnt how to write one pov chapters so
having to do solely zuko povs for two chapters now has literally killed me. Where's the
flavour?? Where's the spice??? Luckily we get back on our multi-pov bullshit in ch31
Chapter 31 will be up TWO WEEKS from now. That's right suckers bet you thought you
could get me to accidentally revert back to a weekly upload. hell no!! ciao nerds don’t
do anything I wouldn’t do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There was blood in his mouth, lathering the walls of his throat in the thick, warm taste of
metal and pain. He spluttered on it, staining his teeth red, bubbles of blood spattering his lips,
his chin, sliding down his neck. He was choking on it. Bleeding from within. He'd done this
to himself. He'd screamed and screamed and screamed, and it tore something, voice breaking
and finally going silent, abandoning him to the heavy liquid stinging his mouth. But the pain
didn’t stop. Fong was still there, stood before Zuko, wielding a knife and a grin. The hurt was
everywhere, and Zuko couldn’t scream anymore.
And the next moment, it was him holding the knife, Fong staring emptily up at him from the
floor. The blood had left Zuko, falling outside of Fong’s body instead, pooling and lapping
against Zuko’s feet. This is wrong, this is wrong, this is wrong-.
“Zuko!”
Mai’s voice snapped through his mind and Zuko woke up, body jolting as he gasped in a
breath. His hands moved before he clocked what was happening, fingers clutching his throat,
but when he swallowed, there was no blood, and when he blinked, he saw he was on the boat
they’d taken to leave Ember Island, now docked at the harbour of the main island. They were
already back. Zuko must have fallen asleep as they were sailing.
“Zuko.” Mai said again, and Zuko’s heart flipped at her hitched tone. He turned his gaze from
the harbour in confusion, looking at her.
His heart dropped as he realised the shock of the nightmare had made him fall back on
instinct, the hand that wasn’t still tentatively touching his throat now wrapped around Mai’s
wrist, her body sat in such a way that it looked like she’d tried to reach for him. But he’d
stopped her. He’d stopped her in a grip tight enough to cut circulation.
Zuko let her go, pushing himself away like he’d been burned.
“I’m-.” His voice was hoarse. “I’m so sorry.”

“It’s okay.” Mai said, quickly returning to monotony, though her eyes were a little wide;
shocked. “You were having a nightmare. Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.” He’d said it before she even finished asking, and her face fell into an accusatory
glare. Zuko ignored her, instead taking in his surroundings, still a little disorientated. The ship
was small, used only for transport around the archipelago. There were metal benches lining
the rail, and Mai and Zuko had found themselves sat near the stern, still looking out at the
twinkling sea. Azula sat opposite them, delicately picking at a salad.
Zuko turned and saw the Fire Nation. Harbour City. Apparently, this was where external
forces invaded only a few weeks ago. Recovery efforts were still taking place, but the
invasion failed. Of course it did, Zuko thought dejectedly, before berating himself. The Fire
Nation was not undefeatable. No nation was. No person was. He had to hold onto some form
of hope or, Agni forbid, optimism. For his people.
“Look!” Ty Lee arrived in a flurry of smiling pink, pointing over the rail, as if hearing Zuko
think the word ‘optimism’ and rushing forward at the invitation. “They’re selling fire flakes
at the market!”
“We just ate lunch.” Mai said with a dejected nod at the empty plates on the bench beside her.
“And they always sell fire flakes at the market.” Zuko added, pretending not to notice how
they’d picked up on his refusal to eat with them.
Ty Lee’s smile fell, and she turned helplessly to Azula.
Azula ignored her pouting at first, before looking up with a put-upon sigh. “What?”
“Come on, Azula, it’ll be fun!” Ty Lee tried excitedly.
“I don’t see how mingling with peasants is fun.” Azula said, scrunching up her nose.
“Well,” Ty Lee giggled, “maybe see it as an excuse to see people be scared of you. Or see it
as charity work.”
Azula’s face became even more disgusted. “Altruism?” She said. “Really? Right in front of
my salad?”
Zuko was too unsettled by the conversation to take pity on Ty Lee. Had they always talked
like this? And about their own people? He let the silence stretch. For a few seconds, Ty Lee
looked between Zuko and Mai, before throwing her hands up in exasperation.
“Ugh, fine, if you three want to be miserable together, go for it.” She said, voice going all
high and offended. “Your auras are just so dull right now, and I won’t let you muddy mine.
I'm going to get fire flakes.”
And with that, she spun on her heel, braid twirling with her in the lunchtime sun, and
somersaulted over the rail, landing easily on the pier.
Mai never took her eyes off her.

“Go.” Zuko said, trying to hold back a fond smile.
“What?” Mai asked, finally blinking and looking back to Zuko, slightly dazed, as if she’d
been staring at the sun.
Zuko held her gaze knowingly, and Mai eventually sighed.
“Shut up.” She said, before getting to her feet and following Ty Lee.
It was a short walk to the palace and an even shorter palanquin ride. Zuko had tried to refuse
at first. It was strange; he’d spent his childhood travelling in palanquins, but just a few years
in the real world made the concept seem bizarre. Who was he to be carried by other people?
The Fire Prince. That’s who he was. Zuko cursed himself for ever forgetting.
The Fire Prince, who was leaving the Fire Nation.
Betraying the Fire Nation.
Turning traitor in order to save his people, because the Fire Nation had become so warped
that the people and the insignia no longer meant the same thing. Leaving in order to warn a
kingdom who had shown him nothing but cruelty, and a tribe who had shown him
forgiveness.
He'd come here because there was nothing for him to do elsewhere except destroy, ruin,
uphold his birthright. He’d come here because the fire inside him was allowed, encouraged,
to spread here. He'd come here because it was the last place in the world where there might
still be something for him. Azula... And Father.
Because as scared as he was of Ozai, Zuko still had his thirteen-year-old self in his mind,
without closure and wanting, insisting that Father still loved him. It was all one big lesson.
That was all. And Zuko had learned.
He’d hoped coming home would prove to himself that his father was still a monster, the last
nail in the coffin, but Ozai was not that simple.
Because he was a monster. He wanted to incinerate the Earth Kingdom, for Agni’s sake.
But he was a monster who welcomed Zuko home. A monster who was proud of him.
Zuko knew the requirements of a father, a true father, now. Someone who cares about you.
Someone by your side, not ahead. Someone who listens. Someone who loves you as you are,
unconditionally, without expecting something in return. Ozai didn’t meet those requirements,
but sometimes, as if the light was hitting the angle just right, sometimes he would care, and
would be there, and he would present a chance. Ozai had left Zuko to rot in Fong’s base
because Ozai was a monster amongst men, but was there a chance that some part of Ozai,
however small, was not a monster amongst fathers?
And Azula. She was still here. She was angry and alone and her fire was blue and Zuko never
expected to find comfort in her, but on the beach this morning he did. They shared

something. Call it a truce, or even one of her mind games, but it was something. And he’d
missed her. He hadn't realised how much he'd missed her until she was beside him like that.
Zuko had barely noticed the walk to his room until he was at his own door, and he flung
himself inside, air struggling to fill his lungs. His room was simple and eerie. He'd expected
it to be lifeless when he came home. He’d been gone three years and his father was hardly
one for sentiment. But here he was, and his things were still in place, as if the doors had been
locked on the day of the Agni Kai and no one had entered since.
He needed to pack. He needed to pack because for all his personal reasons behind staying, he
still had to leave. His people came first. The world came first. Lee taught him that. Zuko
could be angry or in pain or fine, Zuko’s heart could pull him home, but at the end of the day,
this was the cause he had chosen.
Because that was just it, wasn’t it?
Zuko didn’t know how to live if not for other people.
Zuko didn’t know how to live just for himself.
Zuko threw everything into a small bag - some clothes, his Blue Spirit mask that he’d
managed to hide from Azula, a dagger he found hidden in the folds of an old tunic - barely
concentrating as he pulled open drawers and swept shelves, seeing his own possessions, all of
which he'd once touched with young hands that hadn’t been stained red. There were just so
many things. Scrolls and clothes and candles and what seemed like a dozen pillows
decorating the bed he hadn't slept in, arranged in their ugly reds and burgundies, all pretty
and proper. For comfort.
Comfort.
Comfort.
Zuko raked a hand through his hair, grabbing handfuls of the too-short strands as he stared
around the room. He felt like he was spinning, the urge to laugh and scream and be sick
twisting simultaneously up inside him. Four months of pain and hardship and the only form
of softness, of comfort, he got was from these useless, lifeless things. Father spared him a
fraction of his time to commend something that haunted Zuko’s sleeping mind and told him
again and again why he could never be good. Azula told him he was weak. And Zuko was
alone in here, in this room turned crypt with its pretty little pillow display and pretty little
long-cold candles on the drawers and-.
And Zuko was moving before he could even realise what he was doing, hands grasping for
purchase as he swept the drawers clear, watching candlewicks snap in half as they smashed
against the floor. The deafening clatter of the metal holders didn’t even get the chance to stop
ringing before Zuko was moving again, grabbing the dagger he’d found earlier and tearing it
through one of the pillows. The red casing split to reveal luxurious feathers, delicate and dead
as they bled over the bed, catching in Zuko’s hair and on his hands, and the room was too
small and he couldn’t breathe and he hurt everywhere, everywhere, everywhere and he tore
another pillow, and then another and another and another.

By the time Azula heard the racket, Zuko was sat on the floor, feathers clinging to his hair,
shed from the carcass of an eagle-hawk that was supposed to have died days ago, clothes and
all his things scattered around him, dagger cradled gently in his hands. He didn’t look up
when she opened the doors, when she yelled at him to stop making such a noise, when her
words caught in her throat. His eyes were trained on the dagger. It was Earth Kingdom, blunt
after years of abandonment. Uncle had given it him a long, long time ago. A shaking finger
traced the inscription. Never give up without a fight.
“I’m still angry.” Zuko muttered, and when his golden gaze finally snapped up to Azula’s
unblinking own, there was an inferno in their depths. “I’m angry. It was supposed to go away
but it hasn’t. I'm so fucking angry. I don’t know how to make it go away.”
Because there it was; the bare bones of it.
He named his feelings in the Boiling Rock library. He finally dared to face them. He looked
upon it and met the glare of his rage, and he acknowledged it. It was supposed to die with
Fong. Logic said it should have died with Fong, because Fong was the cause of this rage, so
with Fong gone, the rage had no fuel left. It should have burned out.
But it was still here.
It was still here.
Why?
An impatient sigh broke through Zuko’s mind, and he watched Azula carefully pick her way
through the mess, stopping opposite him and leaning against the wall. She arched an elegant
eyebrow.
“Of course you’re angry, Dum Dum.” She sneered. “How much did he take just for you to
give him a quick death? But I suppose you’ve always been too soft in that regard. If it were
me,” she examined her nails, grinning cruelly, “I would have drawn it out. Showed him the
same pain he showed you.”
Zuko frowned, shaking his head. That wasn't it. He knew that wasn’t it. He didn’t have
Fong’s sadism, and he didn’t think Azula did either. She was just parroting the environment
around her. She probably believed it too, but believing you are capable of atrocities and
actually pulling the knife were two separate things. Zuko knew that. No. Zuko killed Fong in
the exact way he should have. Quickly. Thoroughly. This anger still burning within him... it
was something else...
“Where are you going?” Azula asked suddenly, and Zuko blinked to see her eyes had
narrowed on the bag he’d started packing, some clothes still hanging out of it; incriminating.
He opened his mouth to lie before hesitating. He remembered the beach this morning, the
fraction of vulnerability he’d managed to pull from Azula. He remembered her words to him
before he saw Father. You left me.

And now he would have to leave all over again. Right after saying he would be a better
brother, that things could be different. Zuko winced. He shouldn’t even be surprised anymore.
“’Zula,” Zuko said levelly, slowly dragging himself to his feet, “I can’t let Father wipe out
the Earth Kingdom.”
Azula’s lips parted. It was the only indication she would give to show she was shocked. She
honestly hadn’t seen this coming.
“What.” She hissed, not even a question.
“It’s wrong-.”
“After what they did to you?” Azula snarled, snapping herself to attention.
Zuko drew in a sharp breath, glare steadying on his little sister. She lashed out when she lost
control of a situation, he knew that, but there were certain lines that he wouldn’t let her cross.
He wasn’t the docile brother who let her walk all over him when they were children. Not
anymore. He had boundaries, and he had the means to enforce them.
“The Earth Kingdom,” Zuko said through clenched teeth, speaking slowly, “is a victim of a
war started by our family. General Fong is a monster who does not represent his people.”
Was. Was a monster.
“So what, you’re going to try and stop Father? You can’t.” Azula said, a threat in her words.
You can’t became I won’t let you.
Zuko realised he couldn’t tell her the truth. He cared about Azula and he truly wanted to try
again with her, but his change of mind didn’t signify her own. She was still Father’s daughter.
She would always put Ozai before Zuko.
“I don’t know, Azula!” Zuko snapped, that same thrashing rage that saw him tear this room
apart now reaching for more, claws out. “I don’t know what I'm going to do, but I can’t just
do nothing!”
“Why not?!” Azula yelled, pushing herself off the wall to stand straight, glaring up at him.
“Because you’re so good? Nice little Zuzu. Kind little Zuzu. You had them all fooled
thinking you were so good, but you aren’t!” And here, her face twisted, the anger melting
away into arrogance, like she’d already won. “If you were good, you wouldn’t have killed
him.”
Zuko flinched, eyes widening. Azula noticed. She always noticed.
“What, you don’t like hearing it out loud?” She teased. “You killed Fong. Agni, I bet you
can’t even say the words.”
Anger crashed against Zuko with a roar. “Stop it.”

“This is the true you, brother.” Azula snarled. “This is who you’ve always been. I was the
only one who could see you for what you truly were. I was the only one who knew that anger
in you.” Azula’s voice was raising to a yell, venom dripping from each syllable. “She thought
you were so perfect! Her perfect little boy-!”
“Who did?!” Zuko bellowed, unable to hear Azula’s words, unable to interpret them. “Who
are you even talking about-?!”
“Mother!” Azula screamed, and everything seemed to freeze. It was silent between them for a
few seconds, Azula’s face contorting in horror as she realised what she’d said, the only sound
being the two of them getting their breath back, stunned by the sudden noise.
Mother.
Zuko’s voice was low, threatening, when he managed to speak again. “You can’t blame me
for the things she did.” For the things she didn’t do.
Azula grinned, expression barren, empty, heartless. “I can.” But then, as quick as it came, her
smile fell, pure hatred on her features. "I do.”
And Zuko supposed it made sense. It was so easy for him to recognise now. After everything,
he was still desperately trying to justify his father and the things he did. In the South Pole,
he’d told himself that Hakoda was lying until he was numb to it. It had to remain Zuko’s
fault. The moment it stopped being Zuko’s fault, it became Father’s, and Zuko would lose
him forever.
He knew now. He knew that Ozai was never going to be the man Zuko wanted him to be. He
still hoped, still chased these fickle dreams, but he had finally started shifting the blame from
his own shoulders.
Azula hadn’t been raised to internalise things the way Zuko had. Where he blamed himself,
she blamed others.
But this was not Zuko’s fault, and Zuko loved Mother. Azula had never wanted Mother’s
love. She didn’t get to tarnish the memory of one of the few people in Zuko’s life who had
ever shown him softness.
“You have no reason,” Zuko hissed, stepping forward and using his height to glare down at
his sister, “to hate Mother.”
Azula drew herself up, a predator about to pounce. She raised an eyebrow, her left eyebrow,
mockingly. “And you have no reason to hate Father.”
Zuko’s breath caught in his throat, stomach teetering dangerously. “I don’t hate Father.” But
he said it too quickly. This was unknown territory now. Their whole lives, Azula and Zuko
had known one constant; that the Fire Lord, that Father, always came first. They would
sacrifice each other in a heartbeat if it meant a moment of his attention. Zuko stepping back
from that was a loud move, glaringly obvious, but for Azula to point it out so plainly, so
brashly – what if someone overheard?

“You’re angry.” She whispered, the deadly hush in complete contrast to how they’d screamed
at each other a few minutes before. “You said it yourself. Who are you angry at, Zuko?”
“Stay out of it.” Zuko hissed.
“Is it me?”
Yes.
“Is it Fong?”
Yes.
“Is it Uncle?”
Yes.
“Is it Father?”
“Stop it!” Zuko roared, blue fire shooting from his hand. Azula deflected it easily, watching it
catch on some loose feathers, filling the room with the acrid smell of smoke, like the library.
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
He was supposed to be fine.
… He wasn’t fine.
He wasn’t fine because he was still so fucking angry at everything, and Father still wasn’t
here. It hit Zuko like a slap to the face, because here he was, ashen feathers at his feet and a
trashed room around him, comforts that had been so easily torn away, and Father still wasn’t
here. Because even this version of Ozai, this version that was proud, this version that looked
Zuko in the eye without disgust, this version that Zuko had agonised for, fought for, searched
for, this version that he’d dreamed of for years, this version still wasn’t here.
It took three years. It took a scar that would never go away. It took too many kindnesses
misinterpreted. It took seven warriors.
But finally, Zuko had to admit the truth.
Ozai didn’t care about him.
And there was nothing Zuko could do, because it was not his fault.
“Zuko?” Azula’s voice was unbearably quiet, expression soft, if only for a moment. She must
have seen the dread on his face, the heartbreak.
Or maybe she saw the rage.
She didn’t stop staring as Zuko pushed past her, grabbing his bag and scabbard.

“Zuko,” she said, more urgently than before, as if only now realising how serious he was, “if
you do this, you can never come back."
Zuko paused, looking at her one last time. Her eyes were still so cold, disappointed but
nothing more. He didn’t want to leave Azula here, but she wasn’t enough to stay for.
“I know.” Zuko said, before walking from the room, leaving the smoke behind, his things
behind.
Leaving her behind.
____
Zuko flexed his hands at his sides, breath coming in short, body screaming in pain from the
over-exertion of his jerky movements, but he had to be quick as he strode through the
corridors. If he hesitated for even a moment, he’d back out.
And he owed himself this. He owed himself this moment. He needed this.
This was one thing Zuko would do for himself.
Because he was so angry with his father. Zuko had made mistakes, too many to count, but the
love of his father was one thing he should have always had. It was the bare minimum. He
knew that now. He'd seen it, in the way Sokka was willing to risk everything to get Hakoda
back, in the way Hakoda looked at Sokka even when they weren’t speaking. Zuko knew it.
And it was such a new thought, because Zuko was a broken, villainous thing. He'd committed
atrocities and Azula was right; he wasn’t good.
But he had once been a child, and that child had deserved love. He deserved love and safety
and all he got was a mutilated face.
He was leaving to warn the Water Tribe. He'd pass the information over to their hands. He
owed them that much, and it was the right thing to do for the world. Whatever Zuko believed,
whatever he felt, it was infinitesimal compared to the war. Leaving wasn’t up for debate. It
hadn’t been from the moment Azula told him about the Earth Kingdom.
But how he left was completely up to Zuko and, a tentative inferno, Zuko decided to finally
let his anger take control.
Coming home had been a surrender. Surrendering to the Fire Prince. Zuko didn’t know what
became of all that, of him, after this. Perhaps he’d fade into nothing. But he did know that if
he was going to surrender, he’d go down fighting, he’d go down saying the words that
deserved to be spoken.
Ozai would not make a quiet exit out of Zuko.
And with that, Zuko stormed into the throne room.
____

Father was still sat on his throne, idly drinking tea while orange flames jumped and spat
aggressively around him. His golden gaze flicked over Zuko, over his scabbard, over the
twist of anger on his face and his hurried entrance, and Ozai scowled.
“Prince Zuko,” he said coldly, an air of warning in his tone, “what are you doing here?
“I’m here to tell the truth.” Zuko said, drawing himself up, every inch the proud Fire Prince,
but he was starting to reclaim the title. Perhaps he could make it his own. Or perhaps his
father would kill him right here where he stood. Zuko... didn’t care much what happened
next. He just needed to get this out.
Ozai raised an eyebrow, but he knew that he was far more powerful than Zuko, and he waved
the guards away with a smug flick of his fingers. They filed out wordlessly, mere pawns to
Ozai’s glare, and Zuko was left alone with his father.
The great thing about anger is that it smothers terror.
“Go on.” Ozai drawled.
Even now, the words fought to remain unspoken. Once they were voiced, there was no going
back. Was living like this truly that bad? At least like this, in short conversations and
vacations with his friends whenever they got in Ozai’s way, Zuko still had the dream of his
father’s love. The moment he spoke was the moment it became too late, the moment he killed
that dream and faced the truth head on.
Zuko worked his jaw, forcing the thoughts away. It had been too late for a very long time.
“For starters,” Zuko said, “I wasn’t the Water Tribe’s prisoner. Not by the end. I befriended
them. I stayed willingly.”
Ozai’s expression, usually so carefully crafted, splintered with shocked rage, eyes widening
as he listened.
“You would lower yourself to the levels of those savages?” Ozai snarled, each word clipped
and enough to make a younger, smarter Zuko cower. Zuko stood firm.
Savagery had two definitions. It could mean fierce, unnecessarily cruel, brutal, violent. Or it
could mean primitive, uncivilised. When Zuko thought of savagery, he pictured teenagers
sent to battle, he pictured a child burned before a crowd, he pictured one hundred years of
devastation. When Zuko thought of savagery, he didn’t picture a glowing sky, he didn’t
picture a stranger’s patience, he didn’t picture scorched tea leaves.
When Zuko thought of savagery, it was not the Water Tribe that came to mind.
It was the Fire Nation.
“There’s more.” Zuko pushed on, a crescendo of terror and anger and liberation building
within him. “I didn’t just befriend them; I risked my life for them and it got me captured by
General Fong. And you know what? I would do it again.”

Ozai jumped to his feet, knocking over the small table beside him in his rage, tea spilling
down the steps.
“Get out! Get out of my sight if you know what’s good for you!” Ozai growled, and the direct
command ought to have made Zuko flee, but he found himself smirking.
“That’s another thing. I’m not taking orders from you anymore.” Zuko said, grabbing the
handle of his Dao when Ozai took a threatening step closer, the Fire Lord’s fingers bursting
in flame, orange flame. Zuko was wondering how long it would take to come to this. He
swore he wouldn’t fight his father - he couldn’t win - but he’d take as much of his time as he
could.
“You will obey me,” Ozai hissed, the flames in his hands growing, “or this defiant breath will
be your last.”
Zuko pulled his sword fully from its scabbard, wielding it with sickening familiarity. He
didn’t let himself look at it. He knew Mai had cleaned it for him on the journey home, but he
also knew that there was nothing in the world that could stop him from seeing blood on the
blade. He couldn’t risk that kind of distraction, not here, so he kept his glare steady, focussed.
"For so long, all I wanted was for you to love me, to accept me.” Zuko said, and the sword
must have made Ozai at least a little nervous, because Zuko was still talking instead of being
incinerated. “I thought it was my honour that I wanted, but really, I was just trying to please
you.” Zuko felt a lump in his throat, felt his eyes sting, and he gripped his sword tighter.
“You, my father, who banished me just for talking out of turn. My father, who challenged me,
a thirteen-year-old boy, to an Agni Kai. How can you possibly justify a duel with a child?”
Ozai scoffed. “It was to teach you respect.”
“It was cruel!” Zuko snapped, anger burning his tongue. “And it was wrong!”
“Then you’ve learned nothing.” Ozai said with disdain.
“No.” Zuko shook his head, the word a battle cry punctuated by a sharp jab of his sword as if
daring Ozai to cross it, to cross him. “I’ve learnt everything, and I've had to learn it on my
own. Growing up, we were taught that the Fire Nation was the greatest civilisation in history,
that somehow, the war was our way of sharing our greatness with the rest of the world.” Zuko
remembered Lee and Tomkin, and the sneer was hollow on his lips. “What an amazing lie
that was. The people of the world are terrified by the Fire Nation. They don’t see our
greatness; they hate us." Days sailing all the way to the South Pole because they couldn’t
trust Zuko’s word, and they couldn’t trust Zuko’s word because they had been burned too
many times before.
Zuko’s anger fell into something sad and bitter. “We deserve it.” He said, frowning. “We've
created an era of fear, and if we don’t want the world to destroy itself, we need to replace it
with an era of peace and kindness.”
And oh, it sounded so warm, so promising. If only Zuko could believe in it, but that era was
not his to have. It was the Avatar and his friends’, it was the Water Tribe’s. It belonged to the

good guys.
Ozai laughed, a booming, icy sound that ricocheted around the throne room, flames spitting
in time. “I always knew you were pathetic.” He spat, as if even looking at Zuko was
disgusting. They'd been here before, with that look on Father’s face, in this throne room. Ozai
raised his hands, engulfing them in flames, and Zuko knew what came next. He'd lived it all
before. Zuko had stood and took his punishment last time. He did as he was told. It hadn’t
saved him.
“Pathetic?” Zuko echoed, feet sliding into a sturdier stance as he recognised his father was
about to attack. He knew it was bad that he recognised such a thing. “No, Father, I'm not
pathetic. I survived four months detached from Agni. I starved down there. I had nothing.
And I got out. I'm still here. That's not pathetic.”
Ozai growled in anger before lunging forward, a gust of fire shooting from his palms. Zuko
just had time to jump out of its way before it caught him, but the fire, its blistering orange
colour, unhinged something in him and made him stumble. That minute distraction as he
steadied himself was enough, and suddenly, Ozai was before him.
His knuckles caught Zuko’s mouth in a backhanded hit, and the force shoved Zuko to the
floor. It was cool beneath his hands. There was blood in his mouth.
He needed to move.
Zuko rolled out of the way as fire slammed down where he had just lay crumpled on the
floor, jumping quickly to his feet and putting a few paces between him and Ozai.
“I won’t have your weakness and stupidity tarnish our family any longer.” Ozai said, and the
flames in his hands began to crackle, suddenly becoming white shards of lightning. “You are
no son of mine.”
It hurt. After everything, it still hurt. But Zuko’s anger muffled it, and his shock at seeing the
lightning made his thoughts still a moment.
Fire was what Zuko knew, what he expected. For Ozai to use lightning... it added another
layer of cruelty. It was gratuitous. It was for sheer pain alone.
It reignited Zuko’s rage, and he glared at his father, because Zuko knew something Ozai
didn’t.
Zuko knew that he had done this before too.
Ozai’s hatred became a twisted grin on his face, cutting and bloodthirsty, as he moved the
lightning around his fingers, pulling it back, readying to strike. Zuko stayed still, adrenaline
allowing him to breathe deeply without his ribs complaining. In, and he remembered a storm
on a wooden deck, the taste of rum. Out, he remembered the positioning of his feet. In, he
lifted his hands ready, waiting for the strike. Out, he expected it to hurt this time, he was
ready this time.

Ozai released the lightning and it slammed into Zuko, consuming him in blinding electricity.
His muscles locked, a scream building up in his throat as the pain slammed in just as hard,
but he swallowed it down. His hands were steady when he grasped the lightning, the energy
of it thundering in his ears, and he moved smoothly, quickly. It was burning, igniting every
inch of his skin. It would be so easy to give into it, to let it take him. He was supposed to let it
take him.
But Zuko grit his teeth and pushed, and the lightning shot from his fingertips.
Zuko just had time to see his expression of horror before the lightning hit Ozai, the force of it
flinging the unsuspecting man backwards until he lay in a crumpled heap.
The throne room was silent and Zuko knew he couldn’t watch to see what happened next. He
let himself look for a second longer, memorising how Ozai’s hair had fallen from his crown,
how he knelt powerlessly on the floor as he got his breath back, the bark of command
ordering the guards to seize Zuko about to leave his lips, how the Fire Nation insignia
fluttered to the floor behind him, and then Zuko turned and he walked away.
____
Ozai was cruel and loveless. He didn’t love Zuko. He never loved Zuko. He never would love
Zuko. Zuko was leaving nothing behind but ashes at the altar of his father’s legacy. Zuko was
walking away, each corner of the palace he turned taking him further, a hundred different
burns and scars and agonies coating his skin and singing with adrenaline.
He was leaving. He was actually leaving. This wasn’t like when he was banished, because
even the word was suffocating beneath the connotations of return. No. Zuko couldn’t come
back. Not after what he’d just done. If he didn’t hurry, his father’s soldiers would kill him in
these very hallways, the catacombs of his childhood.
Zuko grabbed his bag from where he’d stashed it, pulled up his hood, and ran.
There were dozens of ways to get out of the palace undetected. Him and Azula frequented
them as children, Lu Ten even taught Zuko a few, and now, Zuko’s body led him to them like
a magnet being pulled. He was blinded by fear, anger, shock, adrenaline; the cocktail of
emotions more than anything he’d felt in months, and he was drunk on it.
He almost ran right into Mai.
“You’re bleeding.” She said immediately, taking a steadying step back as Zuko careened to a
halt. The sudden stop left him panting, and it felt as if claws were raking over his ribs. He
choked on a wince, grasping his torso. It only made it worse.
Mai's eyes widened as she took in Zuko’s discomfort, her words a quiet whisper, as if she was
talking more to herself than Zuko. “I thought so.”
“Thought what?” Zuko bit out, leaning against the wall, subtly hiding his bag.
“You never went to a healer.” Mai said, unimpressed.

Zuko had completely forgotten about that. It wasn’t exactly on his list of priorities. He'd be
fine.
“I-.” Zuko started, rubbing the back of his neck. Distantly, he heard footsteps. Guards. The
torches flickered from where they hugged the walls of the thin corridor, throwing everything
in a blanket of orange. Zuko stared at it, focusing on the way he automatically wanted to pull
away from it. He needed to concentrate. He needed to think.
If Mai knew what he’d done, what he was doing, would she try and stop him? Zuko honestly
didn’t know. The safest option was to just get rid of her naturally. His heart strained at the
thought of leaving her behind too. He'd missed her, and now she was being torn from him
again.
Mai frowned, confused by his silence, following his gaze to where it had settled on a nearby
torch.
“Ugh,” she said quietly, absentmindedly, “orange is such an awful colour.”
Zuko blinked in surprise, turning back to face her, but Mai didn’t look at him.
“I know what you’re doing.” She said, still staring at the fire. The footsteps were getting
louder. “You’re leaving.”
Zuko tensed, unsure what to do. He didn’t want to fight Mai. The silence stretched as he
carefully tried to think of what to say, before settling reluctantly on the truth.
“I can't stay here, Mai. I can’t just give up.” He said, memorising the angles of her face. “I
get if you hate me.”
Mai finally met his gaze, and her dark eyes were soft. "I don't hate you."
Zuko’s relief was almost embarrassing in its intensity. The guards were seconds away from
seeing him now. His time was up. Zuko hesitated a second longer before kissing Mai’s
forehead. It was a quick, chaste thing.
“I don’t hate you too.”
And then he was running again, and he heard Mai telling the guards he went the other way,
and he let himself be swallowed by the orange glow of the torches igniting his home. In that
light, it almost looked like the corridors were burning. He'd run from the palace, he’d lose the
guards, he’d think of a plan. Kanut was very clear; the Water Tribe would be at the Western
Air Temple. The thought of seeing them again, all of them again, was terrifying and
sickening all at once. Would they hate him for what he’d done? Would they judge him?
Because that was it, wasn’t it? He came home to avoid that judgement, to stew in his anger, to
surrender to the world. This was him fighting back, but it simultaneously left him vulnerable
again.
A nagging thought in the back of his mind suggested not a solution, but something that could
stall the process. The necklace around his neck was so heavy, and he missed Zi Se with every

beat of his heart. Zuko didn’t know if he was okay, if Iroh had done as he asked. Had he gone
to his aunt yet?
Zuko wasn’t equipped to take care of Zi Se alone before Fong, but now, he could promise
him safety.
He could try again.
Or he could at least just see the damn kid.
The Western Air Temple was Zuko’s goal, but first, he had a certain White Lotus camp to
return to.

Chapter End Notes

ZUKO AND ZI SE REUNION. And maybe a certain hot white lotus agent with
sociopathic tendencies? Perhaps? The platonic maiko again grabbed me by the throat
and took control and I could not have been happier to oblige. I am once again repeating
that FUCK OZAI ALL MY HOMIES HATE OZAI

Chapter 31: ii. Songs Of Fire, Hymns Of Ash
Chapter Notes

I'm so sorry but party rock is not in the house tonight and I'm completely getting rid of
the update schedule. Like fully just scrapping it. I'm the zuko to my update schedule’s
fong shall we say. I’m just Not Having A Good Time With It and I can’t handle the
whole deadline thing, so I've decided I'm just gonna post a chapter whenever it’s written.
Now fear not, I still write chapters pretty quick so I won’t make you sit through weeks
and weeks without a peep from me; it’s more likely gonna be either 3 chapters for 3
consecutive days and then 2 weeks radio silence, or like max 3 weeks without chapters.
But then again, who knows! Not me! Life's a ride! Youth is finite! Carpe Diem!
taob also has a podfic now!!
Have fun with this one – it's actually reasonably upbeat??? Mad. Have a nice *insert
amount of time until I post chapter 32 here* nerds and don’t do anything I wouldn’t do x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Whatever you say, weatherbender.”
“Tomkin, I'm an airbender. Just air. Not the weather.”
“Air is wind. Wind is weather. They’re the same thing.”
“Wrong.”
“Oh, and water’s not wet, I suppose?”
“Actually,” Nanook started, interrupting the academic debate between Tomkin and Aang,
“technically speaking-.”
Tomkin groaned loudly, cutting off the spiel of ridiculousness he knew was about to leave his
friend’s mouth.
“Nan,” Tomkin stressed, “we are not having this conversation again.”
“He thinks water isn’t wet?” Aang asked Tomkin quietly, a look of concern on his face as
they eyed the older boy.
“He’s an idiot.” Tomkin said by way of explanation.
It was a blisteringly hot day at the Western Air Temple, and most of their group had settled
on one of the platforms outside, basking in whatever breeze they were blessed with. They

didn’t have much to pass their days. The benders practised, Tomkin and Nanook left to hunt
and forage, the younger kids played. It was peaceful here. Sometimes, Tomkin caught himself
thinking that this little corner of the world felt so untouched by the war. But then he’d catch
sight of the faded mural they slept before, or the crumbling pagodas. This temple was a relic,
a carcass. It had been ruined by the war in the most unimaginable way, its only living
remnants being a single little boy.
It was that aching reminder that made Tomkin swallow his nervousness of the Avatar in the
end. Aang may have been one-hundred-and-twelve and the Avatar and the last airbender, but
he was also just a kid. A kid with a lot of hurt in his heart. A kid with a lot of responsibility
on his shoulders. A kid who Tomkin was now charged to take care of.
“You done yapping, twinkletoes?” Toph snapped from where she stood in the centre of the
platform, glaring at the three boys as they collected in the shade of a large pillar. Tomkin and
Nanook had been sharpening weapons idly, and Aang had run over the first chance he got,
stealing a short break from Toph and her relentless teaching.
“We’ve been earthbending for ages.” Aang complained, pouting.
Toph jabbed a finger in his direction. “We said we’d practise until Katara finished making
lunch, now get your ass over here.”
“Off you go, kid.” Nanook said, nudging Aang’s shoulder. Aang groaned one last time before
trudging back towards Toph, who punched him in the arm as soon as he was close enough.
“And stop swearing!” Tomkin called after the retreating benders, earning an obscene gesture
over Toph’s shoulder.
“Who even taught her that?” Nanook mumbled, but they both knew Chena and Toph had
struck up a menacing friendship back on the Ullaakut. It wasn’t hard to connect the dots.
When it was just Tomkin and Nanook, it was easy to lapse into silence. They'd always been
comfortable with each other’s company, but now, they were just exhausted. These couple
weeks had seen them taking care of seven kids. One of those kids was the last waterbender of
the Southern Water Tribe and had a habit of sending ice shards dangerously close to Tomkin’s
face whenever he patronised her, another of those kids was a runaway Earth Kingdom noble
who invented metalbending, and then there was the literal Avatar. But it was fine. Tomkin
and Nanook had found a way of working with the kids that suited everyone, and they were
learning how to live around each other here. Their days on the ship helped; they knew how to
adapt. And besides, even the youngest of these kids knew how to take care of themselves. So
long as Tomkin and Nanook kept them fed, rested and within sight, then everything would be
fine.
That last goal was proving to be a little more difficult than it ought to though, because Sokka
still wasn’t back from his fishing trip.
Nanook insisted that it was fine. There weren’t many fish around here, so Sokka probably
had to travel far. He took provisions with him, and he was a skilled hunter. He was also one

of the eldest, and he’d taken care of the group for a lot longer than Tomkin and Nanook were
struggling to.
Nanook insisted it was fine, and logically, Tomkin knew it would be fine, but Katara was a
lot harder to convince.
“She sleep last night?” Tomkin asked, deep in thought as he stared at a patch of rock.
Nanook frowned, before realising what Tomkin was talking about. “I don’t think so. I woke
up just before dawn and she was already getting breakfast ready. She just won’t stop.”
Because Katara got restless when she was worried, just like Kya used to.
“I’m sure it’ll-.” Nanook started, before being cut off by a loud chirping sound. The older
boy’s face lit up as Momo flew towards him, followed by a weary Katara. The signs of her
stress were starting to show on her face, her skin pulled tight, bags beneath her eyes, but she
still greeted them with a soft smile.
Nanook picked Momo up, cradling him in his arms and cooing down at the creature’s little
face.
“Would you stop holding him like a baby? He’s not even that cute.” Tomkin said, and
Nanook gasped, rearranging the furball in order to cover Momo’s comically large ears.
“Don’t talk to me or my son ever again.” Nanook said, offended.
“Tomkin,” Katara sighed as she finally joined them, “you’re going to have to get over it
sooner or later.”
“I will do no such thing.” Tomkin said, glaring at Momo and remembering what happened
the first time Tomkin tried to hold him. Momo just blinked back obliviously.
“I’m sure he doesn’t really hate you, Tomkin!” Aang called with a grin from where he was
stood before a pillar of earth.
“Focus, twinkletoes!” Toph bellowed, before promptly shooting a rock and whacking the
Avatar in the side for his lack of concentration.
Katara muttered something beneath her breath at Toph’s roughhousing, but Aang just laughed
it off good-naturedly. Tomkin met Nanook’s knowing gaze, and they both smiled.
“What?” Katara asked when she looked back at the boys - once she was done staring at Aang,
of course.
“Nothin’.” Nanook said, still cradling Momo, a wolfish grin on his lips.
“Does your father know you’re in love with the Avatar?” Tomkin asked casually, making
Nanook slap his arm like he’d given away a secret. Katara gasped, horrified, but the way she
began to loudly shush him, flicking paranoid glances to the oblivious Aang, wasn’t helping
her case.

“I am not.” She hissed, shoving Tomkin when he snickered, which only made Nanook burst
out laughing. Katara threw her hands up in defeat, groaning. “You know, I actually came out
here for a reason. Lunch is ready. I bet Haru has eaten yours by now, you menaces.”
“He wouldn’t dare-!” Nanook gasped, already pushing past Tomkin to confront the
notoriously greedy earthbender, Momo flying up from his arms with a disgruntled squawk.
Aang saw him leaving and took it as an opportunity to duck out of Toph’s lesson, and once
she was done cursing Aang’s flightiness, it was just Katara and Tomkin left outside.
“Not hungry?” Katara asked, still smiling a little.
“I could ask you the same question.” Tomkin said, crossing his arms. This was the pose
Hakoda donned whenever he was being a Big Serious Chief. Tomkin was sure he must look
just as menacing.
“I know you haven’t been sleeping.” Tomkin said sternly. “And you hardly touch your food.
It hasn't even been a week, Katara. He'll be fine.”
Katara's smile slipped from her face like water, and she absentmindedly touched her
necklace.
“It’s just so unlike him.” She said quietly after a few seconds of silence. “To just leave like
that on his own, with nothing more than a quick note? And to be gone so long? Something's
not right about it, Tomkin.” She frowned, hand falling to her side. “I guess I just hate the not
knowing. He might be fine, but he might not be, and I just don’t know.”
Tomkin felt something twist deep inside of him, the residual aftershock of a break in his heart
that happened many months ago. Yeah, he got what she was feeling. He still had that
autograph tucked away in his pocket, for La’s sake. First Zuko, and now Sokka? The thought
was unbearable. No, Sokka was fine. He was on a fishing trip. It wasn’t unusual that he
hadn’t invited the other older boys. He probably wanted some time alone. He was probably
enjoying himself, finally taking a break now someone else was looking after the others. It
made sense. Sokka was perfectly capable.
This was not a repeat of Gaoling.
It... It just couldn’t be.
Tomkin couldn’t lose anyone else.
“Come on,” Tomkin said, wrapping an arm around Katara’s shoulders and pulling her close
as he steered her towards the main living area, “let’s eat. If he’s not back by tomorrow, we'll
go looking for him.”
“Promise?” She whispered, and Tomkin’s breath caught in his throat, because Katara was
strong, terrifyingly so at times, and still, she was asking him to promise her this, her voice so
quiet, so suddenly young.
Tomkin let out a long breath, before smiling. “Promise.”

And really, when had a warrior ever broken his promise?
____
Logistically, this had been a nightmare. War balloons were designed to carry no more than
four or five people at a time, and Chena knew that because Sokka was apparently the fucking
co-inventor of war balloons. Fortunately, thanks to having said co-inventor on hand, the
Chief had managed to fly with the others to the ambiguous Fire Nation island they’d docked
the Ullaakut on. In a war, the strangest things gain sentiment, and their ship was one sacrifice
they could set off. She wouldn’t sail into the Day of Black Sun with them. Looking back, that
shared thought of ‘just in case’ that had led them to the decision had been sounder than they
ever could have feared.
From there, Hakoda, Kanut, Sokka, the leader of the Kyoshi Warriors – Suki – and three other
completely random Fire Nation prisoners had boarded the Ullaakut, leaving the war balloon
in the hands of the Dragon of the West, who said he would be flying to a camp in the Earth
Kingdom. It was a camp dedicated to the war effort, and the royal firebender stressed that
Hakoda and his men travel there as soon as they reunited with the kids. It made sense. The
war effort was fragmented, but this camp seemed to be the biggest accumulation of the allied
forces.
After that, getting to Shuhon Prison had apparently been easy, and breaking in had been
laughably so. Chena had known it was a weak prison from his first day there, but even a
weak prison is hard to escape from the inside. The Water Tribe’s best minds tackling it from
the outside, however, barely took any time. Even when Chena, Aput, Bato and Tulok had all
vehemently insisted they release the Kyoshi Warriors along with them.
The three girls had thrown themselves at this Suki girl, all tears and relief and quickly shared
words. It was much the same with the men in seeing Hakoda and Kanut again, though Chena
did not shed any tears, thank you very much.
He didn’t want to keep the three Kyoshi Warrior brats by his side, especially not his
infuriating partner in crime Kayda, so it made no sense at all for his heart to do the strange
twist that it did when Aneko stepped forward and declared they were returning to Kyoshi
Island.
The Earth Kingdom had fallen. Kyoshi Island was on its knees, standing against the Fire
Nation through its past neutrality alone, and it needed its warriors. Aneko, Keiko and Kayda
would return home to do their duty. Suki would stay with Sokka; her duty lay with the Avatar.
The girls were separating again, and Chena knew that would hurt them, but at least they were
safe now. Well, safer.
Chena had watched on beside Hakoda, Kanut and Sokka as the goodbyes took place. Bato
and Keiko shared fast-paced words, Keiko giggling bittersweetly, and Aneko had thrown her
arms around Tulok’s neck and was refusing to let go. Kayda punched Aput in the arm, before
glaring at Chena.
“You still owe me a weight-lifting competition.” She’d said, and Chena scoffed, ruffling her
hair because he knew she hated it.

“Don’t start fights you can’t win.” He answered, and in the beat of silence that followed,
Kayda’s gaze softened minutely, and Chena found his hand just resting affectionately on her
head.
So maybe he’d miss the stupid kid. Whatever.
The other Water Tribe warriors that had been in Shuhon agreed to being dropped off at the
closest Earth Kingdom port. They would wait at General Iroh’s strange camp while the others
went to fetch Tomkin and Nanook from whatever stupidity they’d gotten up to in their
absence. Chena had hated the idea, hated watching his fellow warriors get left behind and
having to rely on the word of the Dragon of the West, but Kanut trusted the Fire Nation royal,
and it seemed Hakoda did too to some extent. Enough to separate from his men after only
being reunited for a few hours.
After all, the man was Zuko’s uncle, and the kid hadn’t nearly been as bad as Chena had first
thought.
And now, Chena was on the Ullaakut, loudly telling the small – smaller than what was right –
group of people on the deck the tale of the Food Massacre of Shuhon Prison as they sailed
towards the Western Air Temple.
“You forgot my dashingly handsome bravery through the fight.” Bato cut Chena off just as he
got to the part where him and Kayda had been forced into an alliance.
Aput snorted. “Bravery? Your lack of bravery was the reason we were in that mess.”
“Actually," Bato frowned dramatically, “I distinctly remember a certain gambling ring being
the cause.”
“You started a gambling ring?” Hakoda spluttered in disbelief.
Aput shrugged. “Maybe a small one.”
“Anyway,” Tulok cut everyone off loudly, and Chena didn’t like the seriousness of his
expression, “you haven’t told us about your end yet, Chief.”
Chena had noticed that too. He had dozens of questions. Where the fuck had the war balloon
come from? Why the fuck had they been with General Iroh of the Fire Nation? How the fuck
had Hakoda gotten out of the Boiling Rock? Where the fuck had Kanut been taken and how
was he here?
These questions had been blatant in Chena’s stare, but neither chief nor healer gave him any
answers aside the quick rundown of what had brought them all together again. Initially,
Chena had blamed it on the busyness of it all. A prison break is hardly the place for a catch
up. But now, they’d been sailing for at least an hour, and still, nothing.
“That’s a good question, Tulok.” Sokka grinned a little too brightly from where him a Suki
stood separate to the group. “Dad, why don’t you tell them about your end? Why don’t you
tell everyone about your end, seeing as there’s so much you haven’t said?”

Ah, Sokka was annoyed. The boy’s glare was hard, smile still plastered on his face, the sort
of fake that just seemed exhausted. Suki was looking at him worriedly, brows pinching
together, but she stayed out of it.
Hurt flashed across Hakoda’s face, a second-long thing, before he settled into something
pleading. “Sokka, why don’t you come over here? I’ll explain-.”
“No.” Sokka scoffed, shaking his head. “No, I don’t think I'm ready to talk to you. I... I need
to think. I'm sure there’s a perfectly plausible explanation, but... but I need to think.”
And with that, Sokka stormed below deck to where the other prisoners – one was called Chit
Sang, Chena thought – had headed earlier. Suki stood solemnly a moment, before turning a
hard gaze to the warriors.
“I’ll talk to him.” She declared, and Hakoda nodded gratefully, before she turned and
followed Sokka.
For a few seconds, there was no sound but the waves crashing against the Ullaakut’s hull, as
if things were normal and the crew were together again, convening on the deck like any other
day. It didn’t last.
“Well,” Chena said gruffly, “what the fuck was all that about?”
Hakoda let out a dry chuckle. “Blunt as ever, Chena.”
Chena just crossed his arms, waiting impatiently. Of course he was being blunt. He hadn't
seen Hakoda since the Day of Black Sun. He'd watched his Chief be dragged away with the
promise of the Fire Nation’s most formidable prison waiting for him. And now he was stood
before him with nothing to show for such a fate aside a faded red prison tunic. And after that
performance with Sokka? It didn’t take a genius to figure out that something had happened.
Something bad.
Hakoda’s small smile fell from his face, and as soon as it did, he looked wrecked, as if he
hadn’t slept once these past few weeks. Deciding to match Chena’s bluntness with bluntness,
Hakoda drew himself up, met Chena’s hard grey stare, and said tonelessly; “We found Zuko
at the Boiling Rock.”
Tulok sucked in a sharp breath. Aput cursed. Chena stood frozen.
Zuko.
Zuko.
It was relief coursing through him, embarrassingly. Because the Boiling Rock was not Fong’s
base, and that was better. It had to be better. The stubborn little shit could only live so long
through spite, and it seemed he’d finally escaped. But Chena’s relief soured in his mouth
almost as soon as he tried to swallow it down, curling uncomfortably in the pit of his
stomach.

“What was he doing there?” Chena asked quietly, and Hakoda slumped, leaning against the
mainmast. The mainmast that had once burned beneath a storming sky. The mainmast that
had once seen a stupid boy risk his life for a crew he ought to hate. The mainmast that saw
the changing of Chena’s mind.
“’Koda?” Bato asked gently. He only called him that when he was really worried. The
Second flicked a glance to Kanut, a question in his gaze. Kanut shook his head once, and
Bato’s expression darkened.
“He was there to kill General Fong.” Kanut said, turning to look at the vast sea around them,
white hair catching the breeze. “He succeeded.”
“Oh, Tui.” Tulok whispered, hand flying to his mouth in horror.
Chena, confused, grinned wolfishly. General Fong was dead. The bastard was finally dead.
Someone was bound to do it sooner or later.
“Fuck yeah.” He said with a strangled laugh, vindication setting his nerves on edge, but no
one else was smiling. “Wait, you’re not seriously grieving him, are you? I know he was a
good alliance or whatever, but come on, Chief. I bet you were about to snap his stupid little
neck yourself-.”
“That’s not the point, Chena!” Hakoda yelled, and Chena blinked in surprise. Hakoda didn’t
often yell, not like this. “I just... you didn’t see what Zuko was like about that soldier.”
Chena frowned, catching Aput’s eye and feeling a little reassured to see his fellow warrior
looking just as lost.
“What solider?” Aput asked.
Tulok looked like he was about to be sick, gripping the ship’s rail, his words barely a whisper.
“Lee.”
Hakoda blinked in surprise, before nodding.
“The soldier. He was called Lee.” Tulok furthered, finally looking up. “I killed him that very
first day, when our ships crossed. Zuko... he was ready to take the blame. It ate him up and he
wasn’t even the one to take the lad’s life. And now-.” Tulok cut himself off with a choked
gasp, dancing a shaking hand over his messy Earth Kingdom braid.
“And now, he has to live with the fact that he purposely ran a sword through another man.”
Hakoda finished, and Chena felt horror finally crest within him.
This wasn’t about Fong. This was about Zuko.
Hakoda didn’t care that Fong was dead. None of them did. Fong dying like he ought to was
cause to celebrate. But Zuko, that stupid, naïve, gentle kid, wouldn’t see it like that. Chena
knew it with a ferocious certainty all of a sudden, because even though Fong had unleashed
four months of what Chena could only assume was pure agony, even though Zuko had every
right to take that man’s life, even though Zuko was probably terrified and lost in the moment

that it happened, Zuko would still be the boy that climbed the mainmast to save a warrior that
had hated him, and he would never forgive himself.
“Where is he?” Chena asked quietly.
Kanut shut his eyes. “He went back to his father.”
“He what?” Chena hissed.
“Chena,” Hakoda said, “there was nothing we could do-.”
“I can think of plenty of shit!” Chena snapped, and he didn’t quite know why he was yelling
yet, but that had never stopped him before. “You should’ve fucking dragged him back with
you. What were you thinking, letting him go to the Fire Nation-?”
“You weren’t there!” Kanut shouted, and the entire deck silenced.
If Hakoda rarely yelled, then Kanut never did. Kanut had been raised around loud voices
enough to learn the powerlessness of them.
“You think it was fucking easy, huh?” Kanut snarled, tone almost cruel, and Tui, his blue eyes
were red-rimmed. “We did all we could without polarising him from us completely. Nothing
in the world would have stopped that boy from doing what he did in that library. I know it. I
know him. And if we’d just ignored that choice, if we didn’t let him go his own way, if we
dragged him like you so eloquently fucking suggested, he never would have trusted us
again.” Kanut took a deep breath, burying his palms into his eyes. “At least this way, there’s a
chance he might come to us.”
Chena had forgotten how infuriating the bond between the healer and the Fire Prince was,
and scoffed dryly. This... this wasn’t how he wanted to remember. He wanted the brat here.
He wanted to tease him and generally avoid his presence. He wanted his own casual bullying
to be Zuko’s biggest problem.
But it wasn’t. Because Zuko had killed someone, and now he was in the Fire Nation, and
even Kanut was saying that the only thing stopping them from losing him completely was a
single, infinitesimal chance.
The move was Zuko’s now, and Chena wished he could say he trusted the kid to do the smart
thing, but if there was one thing Chena knew better than anyone, it was that Zuko was a selfdestructive idiot.
“He shouldn’t have to bear this alone.” Hakoda whispered into the heavy silence. “I should
have done more.”
“Hey,” Bato spoke up, ignoring the threatening glance Chena shot him, “I know you, ‘Koda. I
know you would have done all you could. Both of you would have.” He looked to Kanut, and
the healer turned away sharply, hiding his face. “It’s up to the Prince now. If he’s half the man
you’ve made him out to be,” Bato smiled here, “then he’ll be back before you know it.”
Tui, Chena hoped so.

He really, really hoped so.
____
A prison library. A surgical incision; quick, deep, slicing down his sternum. Zuko had opened
himself up, seeing the mess of his body, the stuttering of his lungs, a heart buried somewhere
beneath all the blood. He thought that because he was finally looking, because he finally
named the rage he felt, that that was vulnerability.
A throne room. The floor cool beneath his fingers, the barrenness of his gaze threatening to
sink him. At twelve, he stood here, but it was only at seventeen that he took a stand. Zuko
stepped onto the thin ice of honesty, not knowing how it would bear beneath Ozai’s weight
that had never joined him on that great lake before, and when the ice shattered, when Zuko
fell and willingly let the water take him, he thought that that was vulnerability.
But he knew now the true meaning of the word. Vulnerability was the knowledge of burning
and the strength to still open yourself to the fire. Zuko hadn’t done many good things in his
life, but this, walking from his father, walking from the bloody legacy of his nation, walking
into the hands of those who would judge the things he’d done but allowing that judgment for
the greater good, this was something he was proud of, this was something he wouldn’t let
anyone take from him. He had killed General Fong. He was twisted and terrible. He would be
condemned by his uncle, who he had been cruel to, and Hakoda, who he had failed, and
Sokka, who he had ignored, but Zuko was still here, still standing tall, still ready to take what
they gave him if it meant trying to do some good.
And that good started with Zi Se.
A White Lotus camp. The golden dawn pooling like honey against white tarp, a bamboo
fence stood before Zuko; taunting him. Nerves curled around his spine and tightened there,
paralysing him. He was going back to things and people and causes that were good, knowing
he was at best a bad thing attempting a goodness he couldn’t achieve, and the vulnerability of
that rendered Zuko speechless.
Because what the fuck was he supposed to tell Zi Se?
The kid would be furious with him, rightly so. Zuko had told him he’d be back, Zuko had
promised. And sure, he was keeping his promise, and he never said when he’d be back, and it
hadn’t actually been that long, but Zuko had still left Zi Se behind in the hands of a stranger.
Akinari was good, better than Zuko could have been in the state he was in, but Zuko still
abandoned Zi Se. What right did Zuko have to show up now? What exactly was his plan?
What if Uncle had already taken Zi Se away, like Zuko had asked? What if he never saw the
kid again? What if Uncle stopped him? What if he hated him because of the things he’d said
and done that day?
Zuko buried the heels of his hands into his eyes and groaned. His head was spinning into a
familiar panic, each beat of his racing heart sending waves of pain to his leg.
That was another thing.

Zuko had gotten quietly used to the pain of his ribs. Knowing there wasn’t anything a healer
could do to help aside tell him to rest meant Zuko could sideline the ache that followed with
each inhale. It wouldn’t kill him, therefore he was fine. But his leg was infected, and he’d
been too distracted – scared - to check it since Mai bandaged it on the beach. He didn’t know
how much worse it had gotten, but he was still standing, even after spending the night
sneaking out of the Fire Nation to get back to the camp, so that had to count for something...
right?
Zuko huffed out a frustrated breath. He was being stupid.
“You’re being stupid.” He mumbled, before taking a step forward and immediately careening
to a stop again.
Would Zi Se even want to see him? Zi Se was young, and Akinari had said he’d start
forgetting the horrible things he’d had to go through. What if he had already forgotten Zuko?
“This was a bad idea.” Zuko decided, turning around. He could camp somewhere the night,
gather his thoughts until heading to the Western Air Temple. He could leave Zi Se alone to
the contentment the kid had undoubtedly found in Zuko’s absence. He wouldn’t interfere
with Zi Se’s life.
Zuko froze before he could walk away. Unless... Zi Se’s life wasn’t that good? What if Iroh
got confused and took Zi Se back to his father? Or if something had happened to Zi Se in the
few days Zuko had been gone? What if Akinari’s initial examination hadn’t been accurate
and Zi Se was sick? Zuko wouldn’t be surprised; he’d missed so much when they first left
Fong’s base. His mind had been thick with the smoke of a fire being desperately smothered,
but now, he was letting that fire burn. It didn’t matter that he didn’t understand the cause of it,
or why it was still burning, or why he couldn’t just extinguish it; at least it had cleared his
mind a little. Everything was almost agonisingly illuminated now.
Zuko was lucid enough to no longer cause Zi Se any harm, accidental or not. That was one
thing he could agree on. He had clarity now, which meant... which meant he needed to at
least check. No matter what reaction he got, no matter how bad things were, he had to check.
He cared too much to walk away from Zi Se. Not after everything they’d been through
together.
“I have seen men change so greatly from taking the life of another that they fall into the
bowels of insanity.” A voice sounded, smooth and familiar, bored, and Zuko jumped, Dao
unsheathed and pointed at Tovah before he could even register what he was doing. She was
leaning against the fence, like she had been before, not that long ago, when they both had
missions and they both succeeded.
“You, however,” Tovah continued, flicking her black ponytail over her shoulder, “seem to
have retained the same idiocy.”
Zuko couldn’t help his sharp smirk. “Is that your way of saying you’re happy to see me?”
Tovah just gave him a long once-over, shamelessly taking in his entire person, head to toe,
and Zuko stood awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck.

Finally, she hummed, thoughtful. Zuko didn’t know what he was waiting for her to say, but
Tovah had a sharp eye; if anyone were to notice a difference in him, notice anything in him, it
would be her.
He didn’t realise he wanted her to notice something until he found himself holding his breath
in the silence.
It's changed me, hasn’t it? He wanted to ask. Mutilation surpasses the mind, doesn’t it?
“Your uncle is in a meeting with some other White Lotus agents.” Was all she said, acting as
if they hadn’t spent the last minute in tense silence.
Zuko hesitated, before catching onto her hidden offer. “How long will he be?”
“It just started.” Tovah said. “He won’t be out for a very long time.”
For whatever reason, to benefit whatever ulterior motive, Tovah was giving Zuko this copout. She was granting him entry without the ordeal of having to face Iroh. Iroh, who had
showed up exactly when Zuko needed him most but not before. Iroh, who had looked so
vulnerable when Zuko brought up Ba Sing Se, which was in turn an unburying of Lu Ten. It
had been a cruel move, especially when Iroh had just been trying to help.
And now, Zuko had murdered a man, had gone against everything Iroh tried to teach him, had
chosen the wrong side.
Zuko was a coward; he couldn’t face him.
“Zi Se...” Zuko started quietly, staring at the grass. “Is he... What...-”
“He’s still here.” Tovah said monotonously, and Zuko choked on his words.
He's still here.
An uncomfortable battle of relief and confusion sank through him. He still had a chance to
see Zi Se, to figure something out, to give his damn necklace back that now hung around
Zuko’s neck like a ball and chain, but why was Zi Se still here? Why hadn’t Iroh done as he’d
promised he would?
Why was Zuko still getting surprised by broken promises, the currency of children?
“Zi Se has been through enough as it is.” Tovah said, snapping Zuko out of his thoughts.
“Iroh didn’t want to add beneficial kidnapping to the kid’s trauma.”
Zuko blinked owlishly, not even hiding his confusion.
Tovah rolled her eyes. “Come on, Your Highness. Even you’re not this oblivious.”
But Zuko, tellingly, was, because he had no idea what she was talking about. His brain just
fixated on the words beneficial kidnapping and sent him into a protective panic. He needed to
see Zi Se. Now.

As if sensing his train of thought, Tovah sighed loudly, muttering something beneath her
breath.
“Zi Se refused to leave the camp until you came back.” She said. “Iroh wanted to take him to
his aunt, but the kid was against it. Threw a pretty catastrophic tantrum. Akinari said it would
have messed him up to have taken him against his will, so Iroh stalled. Though,” Tovah
paused, lips curling slightly, “none of us expected a solution to arrive this easily.”
Zuko slowly realised that he was the solution she was talking about, mind still wrapping
around the fact that Zi Se had chosen his absent promise over his aunt’s reliable love. Zi Se,
sweet, innocent, naïve Zi Se. And oh, it made so much sense now it had been spelled out as
truth. Of course Zi Se would pick Zuko. Because even though Zuko was bad, both
objectively and subjectively, Zi Se still cared about him just as Zuko still cared about Zi Se;
furiously and with all of his rotten heart.
There was a word for that kind of love, the kind of love that doesn’t bend beneath morality or
experience, the kind of love that doesn’t burn and refuses to be burned. There was a word for
it, and it swam to the surface of Zuko’s mind, each letter sharp and piercing with the memory
of when Zuko first heard it in the same sentence as love.
Unconditional.
“Tovah,” Zuko said lowly, sliding his gaze to the Colonel, “I need to ask a favour.”
“I already got you out of Fong’s base and brought you to the Boiling Rock.” Tovah said with
an arched eyebrow.
“True,” Zuko stood tall beneath her stare, “but I never asked you to do those things.”
It was quiet for a few moments, before Tovah’s lips curled up in an almost impressed smile.
“You little shit.” Tovah said quietly. Zuko had never heard her swear before, but even curses
left her lips with refined purpose.
He was right. Tovah gave those things to him. There was never any bargaining. But instead of
being angry at him for having the nerve to be ungrateful, Tovah just narrowed her eyes. He
was playing her at her own game, and that made him interesting. She had been watching him
this whole time, but Zuko had watched her right back. The two had a precarious and
inexplicable understanding, but it was an understanding all the same.
“Alright then, Your Highness.” Tovah said after another moment’s contemplation. “A favour.
You owe me.”
“Of course.” Zuko said hurriedly before she changed her mind.
“Let’s go then.” Tovah said, walking towards the camp’s gate and leaving Zuko staring after
her in confusion, before jogging to catch up, knowing she wouldn’t wait for him.
“I didn’t even say what I wanted yet.” Zuko hissed.

Tovah chuckled. “You want to see Zi Se without your uncle knowing you’re here.”
“I- yeah.” Zuko stuttered, blindsided by her infuriatingly fluent comprehension of every
fucking person she met. How did she do that?
Zuko swallowed his anger, rolling his eyes with a mumbled; “Whatever.”
Tovah smiled, and her amusement seemed genuine as she ushered him through the gate and
began to weave through the tents. The camp was busier than when Zuko was here last, but he
still recognised the basic layout of it. He shuddered to be back here. It hadn't been long but it
might as well have been years. He wasn’t the boy he’d been in Fong’s base, and he wasn’t the
boy he’d been in this camp either. He was an entirely new thing, polluted by his own ire.
That familiar bitterness that always flickered alight upon this train of thought guttered as
quickly as it came, because suddenly, Zuko was stood in the shadow of one of the white tents,
looking out at the river he had spent so many mornings sat beside, and there, playing in the
shallow water with Akinari’s careful eye watching him from a few metres away, was Zi Se.
If a week at this camp had seen Zuko and Zi Se recover an impressive amount, then nearly
two weeks made Zi Se look like someone else entirely. He’d gained weight, filling out around
what had once been skeletal arms and ribs, his pale skin no longer clinging to him, instead
flushed and unmarred. Zi Se’s mop of black hair was still a mess as he splashed in the water,
but it seemed healthier looking, sleek beneath Agni’s touch. Zuko hardly glanced at the big
grey tunic Zi Se was wearing, before freezing up, realising he recognised it. He recognised it
because it was his. And it should have been a painful sight, but the kid had a youthfulness to
him, his movements fluid and easy, and Zuko had never known Zi Se like this. The world
hadn’t introduced them as kids that could be young like this.
But there he was, and it made Zuko’s heart tighten in his chest, because still, it was
undeniably Zi Se. He was still so adorably short – and Zuko didn’t often use the word
adorable – and he was still perceptive of everything as he played and he was still the little
boy Zuko had known. In this handful of days, Zuko’s world had flipped into something dark,
but this hadn’t changed. This had waited for Zuko to come back, and he had.
“Hide.” Tovah said simply, startling Zuko from his thoughts. She didn’t give him time to
hurriedly jump into the tent’s shadows before she was striding into view, Akinari spotting her
with a smile. He still had a cast on his arm.
“Akinari, would you help me check the infirmary’s supplies?” Tovah asked, bordering on
commanding. Zuko rolled his eyes.
Akinari threw a concerned glance to Zi Se, who was watching because he was always
watching, before nodding. “I’ll be right back, kid. Stay on the banks, remember.”
“‘kay!” Zi Se said, jumping back into the shallow water. Even his voice sounded better. He
was still quiet, but he sounded... he sounded like a five-year-old. Just a normal, average fiveyear-old.

Zuko watched Tovah lead Akinari away, only slightly bitter that Akinari would leave Zi Se
alone so easily before remembering that Tovah wasn’t the kind of person you said no to. He
waited a few seconds longer than necessary, just watching Zi Se play, watching him so
unburdened, before he smiled softly.
“Zi Se!” Zuko hissed, trying to lay low to keep in case any stray White Lotus members were
walking past.
Zi Se snapped his head around, guarded. Zuko could see the exact moment the kid spotted
him, amber eyes locking on gold, because his entire posture froze in disbelief, before he
broke into a luminescent grin. In the next second, he was running, throwing himself into
Zuko’s arms.
Zi Se was a tiny thing, all grabby hands finding purchase on Zuko’s shoulders and small legs
wrapping around his waist, and he was lighter than air to hold. But that didn’t change the fact
that the kid slamming into Zuko like that led to a crash of agony inside him. Zuko blinked
and saw colours behind his eyelids, and... and something might have crunched upon impact.
But it didn’t matter, because Zi Se smelt of dirt and the ash of a campfire, and he was so
warm, so tangible. He was intact. It was all for him, all of it, and to hold him like this, to be
able to wrap his arms around Zi Se and feel his teary breath hit his throat – it was proof that
Zuko had succeeded. Zi Se was intact. He was okay. They were okay. Whether the means
were good or bad, righteous or evil, it didn’t matter right now, because the end saw them
together again. This is what you wanted, a part of his mind whispered. You wanted Zi Se, and
you wanted him to be safe. You got your wish.
Fong dead on the floor. Flashes of blue and orange fire, and then lightning. The smell of
destruction. Blood. This is what you wanted, isn’t it?
Zuko squeezed his eyes shut, swallowing, before looking back at Zi Se and forcing a smile.
“You were gone ages.” Zi Se mumbled into Zuko’s shoulder, still holding him tight.
“I know, kid. I know.” Zuko said, flattening down Zi Se’s hair. “But I'm here now. I promised
I'd come back, didn’t I? And you know what?” Zuko put Zi Se down, kneeling on the grass
so they were face to face. Zi Se pouted a little, but his eyes were wide, relieved.
“What?” He asked, starting to smile, catching onto the strange, almost manic excitement that
had grasped Zuko.
Zuko grinned. “We’re safe now.” He whispered, thumb ghosting Zi Se’s cheek. “Fong will
never get us. Not again.”
Zi Se stared, fearful at even the mention of the man, before uttering a weak; “Promise?”
And that little word was the biggest vulnerability of all, a question dipped in violence and
desperation. Seven letters forming a question screamed into the void; what are you willing to
do?

“I promise.” Zuko whispered back, and the void echoed back everything, everything,
everything.
____
Lists. Lists were good. Sokka knew lists. And plans. And maps-.
Lists wouldn’t disappear for years on end and show up again with a sudden fondness for the
Prince of the enemy nation. Sokka liked lists. So, he left the deck, found a quiet spot in the
form of the left-hand bed in the Ullaakut’s infirmary – Chit Sang’s group taking over the
berth deck before Sokka could - and he made a list.
“Seriously?” Suki asked, her exasperation finally melting into impatience as she watched
Sokka scrawl away with one of Kanut’s brushes. Sokka was sure the healer wouldn’t mind
the petty theft; it wasn’t as bad as collusion. Your dad has a lot to tell you, but this isn’t the
time or the place. Sokka jabbed another point onto his list.
“It helps me think.” Sokka mumbled, brows furrowed as he desperately pulled the threads of
his mind every which way, hoping laying them out on a page would untangle them, but he got
the feeling he was just knotting them tighter.
Suki sighed, before sitting gingerly on the edge of the bed. The distance she left between
them felt colossal, and Sokka looked up from the big ZUKO he had just underlined on his
‘reasons to be pissed off’ list.
And there was Suki, still in her prison outfit, expression tense and expectant but also... tired.
Sokka was such an idiot.
“Tui and La, Sooks.” He huffed, letting his list lay limp in his lap. “Sorry. I'm just-… I got so
caught up in what... what happened, and with my dad and everything. I've barely asked you if
you’re okay-.”
“I’m fine, Sokka.” Suki said, relaxing into a small smile that fell as quick as it came. “Or at
least I will be. It was hard there, but I'm out now.”
It wasn’t enough to fool Sokka. Suki was strong. She prided herself on being strong. And
after the things Azula had said, the things she’d implied... Sokka shuddered to remember the
terrified helplessness he’d felt. Suki had been trapped in that prison, and every day she was
there was another day Sokka failed her. She was here now, safe, and that was great, but it
didn’t change the facts.
Sokka should have been better.
He should have been better about a lot of things, actually.
He flicked his blue eyes back down to the list in his lap. Reasons To Be Pissed Off, already
with four hastily scribbled down points, but Sokka knew what they all boiled down to, the
invisible fifth point that sat like ash on his tongue.

Myself, Sokka thought bitterly, I'm angry at myself.
“You’d tell me though, right?” Sokka asked quietly, still staring at his list because looking at
Suki tended to turn his mind to mush. “If you weren’t alright, I mean. I-,” Sokka forced a
chuckle, “I might just be a pretty face, but you can still talk to me. About anything.”
Suki moved forward, swooping his hand into both of hers and squeezing. Hard. Enough to
startle Sokka’s gaze to meet hers. Her eyes were wide, unblinking, and it trapped his breath in
his throat.
“Sokka.” She hissed, and she made it so his name sounded powerful, worthy, useful. “You
think I don’t know that? You’re-,” she always scrunched her nose a little when she was trying
to find the right words, and Sokka was struck by a sudden wave of fondness that made him
almost ignore the way her near desperate voice was making his heart thump painfully,
“you’re so capable, Sokka. Did you know that? Of all the warriors and benders I’ve met, I've
never known anyone as capable as you. You adapt yourself. You let yourself change.
Remember how much of an asshole you were when we met?”
“I mean, that’s a very strong word.” Sokka scoffed, but her sharp glare made him raise his
hand that wasn’t restrained in her grip, surrendering. “Alright, alright. Yes, I was an asshole.
A horrible, sexist asshole. But I've learnt the error of my ways and I'm on a strict diet of
respect women juice now.”
Suki slapped his knee at his teasing, but she was smiling a little, and it sent a ray of warmth
through Sokka. At least he could still make Suki smile.
“Ha, very funny.” Suki deadpanned with an eyeroll. “Look at me dying of laughter. My point
is,” she sighed, “you do change. You listen, and you learn, and you adapt. That’s what makes
you capable. That’s what makes you strong. Not some bending or weaponry or tactics. Just
you, Sokka. That's what makes you my...”
Sokka had to admit, he was enjoying the impromptu praise. Suki had a way of ripping out the
worries in his mind and dissecting them in front of him before he even got the chance to
notice them himself, leaving them raw and vivid in his hands for him to comprehend in his
own time. But the way she trailed off made the infirmary suddenly feel tiny. My what? What
exactly were they? Friends? Friends who kissed sometimes? Boyfriend and girlfriend?
Trauma bonded with benefits?
Mentally, Sokka underlined his name on his list, because he’d desperately avoided this
conversation with Suki, and now he’d led her into it by the hand. He glanced down at their
still interlocked fingers, suddenly feeling sweaty. Literally led her by the hand.
“I think,” Suki said carefully after a few beats of painful silence, “we need to talk.”
And yeah, they did. Because Sokka had felt different for a while now. When he met Suki, he
was naïve and inexperienced, and she was this beautiful girl who could kick his ass and snap
back at his sarcastic quips, and he liked her. He really, really liked her. But then Yue
happened, and he tried not to let it change him, but it changed everything. Every night, he felt
her there. Every day, he thought of her. Her smile, her laugh, her shy eyes but steady stare,

her crippling sense of duty, of honour. It got her killed. It got her killed and Sokka knew
she’d do it again in a heartbeat, because her people came first, because she was brave,
because she was Yue.
Because Sokka couldn’t protect her.
When Sokka travelled down the Serpent’s Pass with Suki a few weeks ago, he’d tried to
pretend everything was how it used to be between them. The time they’d spent apart and the
things that happened during that time didn’t have to mean anything, didn’t have to be so
crushing, but Sokka just couldn’t fake it.
Death had collapsed him, earthquake to the home, leaving him no more than a pile of rubble.
And Tui, Sokka had tried so hard to rebuild himself, but he was no architect, and the
materials went back into place messily, the foundations unsteady. A smaller shock of the
initial destruction would be enough to floor him, and sure enough, he got that shock.
Death had collapsed him in the form of Yue, and death had knocked down his attempts at
reconstruction in the form of Fong. And Sokka hated it, hated the way his skin crawled at the
memory of that Spirits-forsaken library and what happened there only a couple of days ago,
hated for a man like Fong to even live in the same sentence as Yue, but death was still death,
and Sokka was still a teenager, and it devastated him.
Deep down, Sokka's indignance at being patronised didn’t come from denial of his youth. He
knew he was young. He knew he shouldn’t know about these things. But he had to. That was
the world they lived in. That was the truth of war. And there’s a certain type of pain to that; to
accepting you’re too young to be carrying something and still, despite that acceptance, having
nowhere to put it down. Yue died because he didn’t protect her, and he missed her every
fucking day. Fong, though... Fong died because Sokka helped Zuko, Sokka chose Zuko,
Sokka trusted Zuko. He didn’t-. He couldn’t bring himself to regret anything he did, but it
didn’t change the fact that he’d aided a murder. Accidentally or not, he’d aided a murder.
So yeah, him and Suki needed to talk, because he loved Suki, and she made his heart do
stupid things, and she was brilliant, but he just needed...
Needed what? Space? Time? It was all so fucking cliché.
“I get it.” Suki said quietly, and Sokka realised how long he’d been quiet. “Me too.”
“I didn’t even say anything.” Sokka said, trying for a weak smile, but he felt that easy
warmth settle over him, the same warmth he’d felt in the storage cupboard of the Boiling
Rock, the warmth of acknowledgement, of understanding. Sokka hadn’t realised how
desperate he’d been to spend time with people his age, but he supposed it explained a lot. It
explained his persistence with Yue, his instant connection to Suki, and maybe... maybe it
explained the blind trust he’d placed in Zuko.
Sokka had trusted the enemy because he’d been lonely, and it led to a man’s death.
Nice one, Sokka.

Sokka sighed, shaking his head a little to clear his thoughts, before nudging Suki’s leg.
“Still friends?” Suki asked, hope hidden beneath a teasing façade.
Sokka scoffed. “As if I'd let you ditch me.”
“Well,” Suki mused thoughtfully, her smile coming easier now, “I suppose you have grown
on me.”
Sokka beamed, wiggling his eyebrows and jabbing her ribs. “Yeah?” He asked, memorising
her surprised giggle, because that was one thing Sokka knew about Suki that no one else did;
she was ticklish.
“Don’t let it go to your head.” She said, desperately shoving his hand away, his list falling to
the floor as he got her in a headlock, just for Suki to whack him square in the chest.
“Nope!” Sokka yelled as they continued to wrestle. “It’s already gone. It's there. It's making
itself at home. Rent free- argh!”
Sokka’s laughter cut into a shout as Suki finally, with a victorious and unladylike ‘oof’ sound
- shoved him off the bed.
As far as break-ups went, Sokka thought, looking up at Suki, clutching his aching leg through
laughter, watching as she covered her mouth to muffle her own hysterical giggling, this
wasn’t so bad. The air was thick, bittersweet, and at the back of Sokka’s mind, he still held
onto his anger at how unfair this all was. This war ruined everything it touched, and now it
was taking Suki from him. But for now, they were just two friends laughing together, and that
was okay.
Just two friends.
“Am I interrupting something?” Hakoda’s voice saw Sokka and Suki jumping, snapping their
gaze to the man currently taking up the entire doorway and still looking unmenacing as he
fidgeted awkwardly.
"Only your son being an idiot.” Suki said sweetly, and Sokka threw her a betrayed glare.
“Yes well,” Hakoda huffed out a laugh, rubbing the back of his neck, “I was wondering if the
idiot son in question would be up for a chat?”
Dad was acting weird. Sokka knew what he got like when he wanted to talk. Hakoda got stiff,
serious, stern. He turned his Chief-ness onto Sokka and Katara, and it was intimidating, to
say the least. This... wasn’t that. Hakoda’s voice was soft, nervous, and his blue eyes kept
flicking to the bed Suki was still sat on, the sheets that had been almost peculiarly untouched
when they came into the infirmary now messy and pulled half to the floor with Sokka.
“Sokka would love to chat!” Suki said, and Sokka gaped at her. She threw him a meaningful
stare, a cross between ‘get your head out your ass’ and ‘I’m trying to help whether you like it
or not’. Sokka, reluctantly, knew she was right. He might not be ready for answers just yet,

but he still needed to talk to his dad. If only because Hakoda had been taken to prison, and
they still hadn’t had a chance to just be relieved that they were together again.
With that and one last pleading look in Sokka’s direction, Suki got up and left.
“So...” Sokka started awkwardly, clambering to his feet and smoothing down the guard’s
tunic he was still wearing.
“... So.” Hakoda agreed.
____
What now?
Zuko had left the Fire Nation. He’d seen Zi Se and made sure the kid was okay. He'd
confirmed that people Zuko trusted – Iroh, Akinari and, peculiarly, Tovah – were keeping an
eye on Zi Se.
So what now?
Zi Se was in the middle of excitedly telling Zuko about a bird he’d seen on the river
yesterday, throwing out his arms to mimic how big it had been, and Zuko let himself tune out
with a fond smile. It was how it used to be with them, that steady presence of one another,
reminding them that they weren’t alone, that while they were still together, things would be
alright.
Was Zuko going to leave Zi Se behind again?
Zi Se needed to be with his aunt. It was Zi Se’s only chance for a normal childhood. His life
with Zuko was bloodstained and the proximity of all that trauma made it loud. The further Zi
Se went, the quieter it would be, and the easier the kid could move on. He needed to forget it
all. He needed to be with his family. His real family.
But Zuko didn’t know Zi Se’s aunt, and realistically, War Minister Qin wouldn’t stand by and
let his son be taken twice. If not out of love then out of stubborn pride. Zuko knew that all too
well, had seen the possessive glint in his own father’s eyes when Zuko was returned to his
ownership.
Maybe if Zi Se had chosen them, maybe if Zi Se had pushed for it, Zuko would swallow his
personal desires and take Zi Se back to his aunt. But Zi Se hadn’t asked for that, and from
what Tovah had said, all insinuation of Zi Se being taken from Zuko was met with wild
opposition from Zi Se.
The decision hit Zuko suddenly and with a clarity that made his breath catch.
Zi Se needed to stay with Zuko.
Zi Se needed to stay with Zuko, and Zuko wasn’t staying at the White Lotus camp, which
meant Zi Se had to come with him to the Western Air Temple.

“Zi Se?” Zuko asked softly, cutting off Zi Se’s story. “I need you to be really grown up with
me, can you do that?”
Zi Se straightened, jutting out his chin. “I am grown up. I’m nearly six.”
Zuko couldn’t help but smile, swallowing a scoff. “Good, I knew you wouldn’t let me down.”
The kid beamed proudly. “Thing is, Zi Se, I'm not coming back to the camp. I need to do
something really important, and I was wondering if you want to come with me or stay here?
The choice is yours, but I need you to think really maturely about this.”
Zi Se was still grinning, bouncing on the balls of his feet, excited at the prospect of an
adventure, but at Zuko’s last sentence, he at least had the decency to feign seriousness,
narrowing his eyes and humming thoughtfully.
The choice was his. It was important he knew the choice was his.
“I’d like to come with you.” Zi Se said, voice as quiet as ever, and there it was. With those
few words, the burden of caring for this incredible kid was placed back on Zuko alone all
over again. And Zuko was angry and confused, but he wasn’t haunted anymore. All his
shadows were behind him, and he could do this. He could take care of Zi Se. He could
protect him. He'd put his bit of good back into the world, some sort of karma against all the
bad he’d done, and it wouldn’t make Zuko a better person – it was too late for that – but he
could at least do right by Zi Se. Because Zi Se deserved to be loved, and that was one thing
Zuko knew he could do.
“Alright then,” Zuko smiled, reaching for him, his hand completely enveloping Zi Se's,
“there’s a market on the way to where we’re going. We can get food and get you some new
clothes. First though,” Zuko threw a look to the camp still living on obliviously around where
they huddled behind the tent, “we gotta sneak back out of here.”
____
When Tovah finally grew bored of stalling Akinari and making him complete mindless tasks
that he did without question, she returned to the tent by the river. Surprise wasn’t the word,
but when she realised fairly quickly that there was no sign of Prince Zuko or Zi Se, she felt
something stir deep in her gut. It was the same feeling she got when people-watching, or
when she made an advancement on her Dai Li file.
Intrigue.
This was one part of herself that Tovah had never understood. She specialised in logic and
intelligence, and those were things that required certain rulebooks. And people worked by
rulebooks, whether they realised it or not. They had patterns and followed trends. They were
predictable. In their complexity, they were simple.
But this... love of the chase that Tovah had, this exhilaration she felt whenever she solved
something, it bore no logic. She dedicated five years of her life to uncovering the Dai Li, and
barely batted an eye at the knowledge that a group of kids beat her to the killing blow.
Because it was never about winning; it was about the five years building up to it. The

hunting, the learning, the connections. The chase. She felt it for the sake of feeling it, and that
bothered her. It was a weakness that could be used against her.
And here, with his sudden appearance, his crooked smile in the wake of bloodying his hands,
his vanishing act that took Zi Se with him – the Prince had made himself intriguing.
Tovah tutted, walking slowly along the riverbank. She didn’t need to figure out Prince Zuko.
She didn’t care about him, and she certainly didn’t need to waste energy on him.
But she just had to.
So, Tovah closed her eyes a moment, and started to think.
Prince Zuko convinced himself he was bad for Zi Se, which meant it wasn’t completely
certain that Zuko had been the one to initiate this departure. There was a slim chance that this
had malicious intent behind it; an external factor. That would mean someone got into the
camp. With the Prince’s history, kidnapping attempts weren’t as uncommon as they ought to
be. But this camp was well defended, and there were people everywhere. This quiet riverbank
with no sign of a struggle right in the middle of camp didn’t seem to have witnessed a fight,
which turned Tovah towards the other possibility: the Prince left with Zi Se.
Still, Prince Zuko had a gentle side, and he would know that first assumptions wouldn’t
regard this optimistically. Iroh, least of all. Zuko had a gentle side, and he also knew how
much his uncle worried, how much he insisted on seeing the best in him.
Which meant if the Prince had left, taking Zi Se with him, then he would have done so
knowing how it would look. If the Prince and Zi Se had truly left of their own volition, there
would be a sign somewhere, an indication that they were okay and this was their choice.
Tovah walked over to the tent she’d left Prince Zuko beside. At first, she didn’t see anything,
but as she absentmindedly kicked the tarp a little with her foot, she felt her lips curl into a
smile.
Staring up at her from the floor, colours vibrant against the green grass, hidden from
everyone except those looking, was the distinctive mask of the Blue Spirit.
“Touché, Your Highness.” Tovah whispered.
____
Hakoda knew he needed to say something. Sokka was angry and he had every right to be
angry, and Hakoda had barged in here, the speech he’d gone over briefly with Bato still fresh
in his mind, but at the sight of the infirmary, of the left-hand bed being used for the first time
since-…
He’d had frozen up, and now his mouth felt dry and Sokka was still waiting for him to talk.
In the end, it was Sokka who broke the silence, sounding a little caught off guard, eyes
focussed on something just over Hakoda’s shoulder.

“You still have his sword.”
Hakoda flinched, suddenly feeling every inch of the Fire Nation sword still strapped to his
back. The warriors didn’t use broadswords like Zuko’s Dao, and Hakoda had no sheath that
would accommodate it. His best bet had been attaching it how he would a spear when going
hunting, stringing it over his shoulders like a scabbard. Aside sleeping, he hadn’t taken it off
since Zuko handed it him in the Boiling Rock, smiling. It wouldn’t be the first time you broke
a promise.
Sokka was waiting for an answer, but Hakoda had nothing to give. He didn’t know how to
explain the significance of this, of all it represented, of the loss Hakoda carried in this blade.
When the silence began to stretch, Sokka scoffed, a harsh, disappointed sound. “I don’t
understand, dad. He's the Fire Prince.”
“I know,” Hakoda finally found his voice, “I should have told you sooner.”
“Yeah,” Sokka snapped, and beneath the anger on his expression, there was hurt, “yeah, you
should've. I just...” Sokka trailed off, swallowing thickly as he searched for the right words.
“I have so many questions, but I'm just tired, dad. We just broke into two Fire Nation prisons,
for La’s sake, and then everything with Suki... And now I have to deal with this?”
Hakoda had thought Sokka and Suki were getting on well, but he didn’t understand the
relationship they had, whether it was purely platonic or something more. It was something a
father ought to know, but it was clear that this was just another piece of his son’s life that
Hakoda had missed. Two years. It was such a broad statement. Each warrior had it stamped
onto their tongues. Two years at war. Two years away from home. It wasn’t good enough. It
didn’t convey exactly how much they’d lost in that time.
Because Hakoda had been gone for two years, and that wasn’t an awfully long time in the big
scheme of things, but here was his son, his child, and Hakoda didn’t know if he had a
girlfriend or not, didn’t know how he liked his tea, he couldn’t remember if it was the
freckles on Sokka’s shoulder or back that mapped out the constellation aagjuuk, he didn’t
know who taught Sokka to do such a good warrior’s wolf tail, but he knew it wasn’t him.
Hakoda didn’t know how to fill the hole he’d left behind in his family. He thought once the
war was over, all he would have to do is return. He thought it was that simple, that things
would slot back into normality. But he realised now that he’d left scars on the places he’d
detached himself. He hadn’t told Sokka things, and Hakoda had missed things, and it was
hurting his son. He was hurting him, and he didn’t know how to fix this.
Hakoda moved. He crossed the room and sat on the right-hand bed, indicating for Sokka to
do the same. Cautiously, he did, the two sitting side by side, and looking at Sokka made
Hakoda’s heart swell with joy, pride, love.
“I know we talked it over before the Day of Black Sun, back with your sister.” Hakoda
started, crediting himself with the steadiness of his voice. “But that was mainly Katara, and I
know you’ve never been good at talking about what’s bothering you, son.”

Sokka looked away, his stern front breaking a little beneath his sheepishness, and Hakoda
may have missed things, but he knew this. He knew his son was kind, and he was smart, and
him and Katara were the best decision Hakoda ever made.
“You’re angry with me,” Hakoda continued, “and that’s okay. I hid so much from you guys to
try and protect you, and I got so distracted by that that I didn’t see it building a wall between
us.” Hakoda took a deep breath around the lump in his throat, tentatively holding Sokka’s
hand. Sokka hesitated, before clutching his fingers between Hakoda’s. “You’re tired. You
should get some food, sleep. We’ll arrive at the Air Temple soon, and we can just write the
night off. But tomorrow, if you’re ready, I can explain it all. No more secrets. I'd like to take
down that wall, Sokka.”
Sokka’s blue eyes were wide, and he was doing a poor job of hiding the way his lower lip
was wobbling a little. He was so much stronger than he used to be, all broad shoulders and
sharp jaw, but his eyes were the same.
“I- yeah,” Sokka finally said, “I think I'd like that.”
“Good.” Hakoda released a relieved breath. “Good, that’s good.”
His eyes were drawn to the bed in front of them, the furs twisted and the pillow dented by
limbs. Zuko always made his bed. Sokka didn’t. They were two different people, and Hakoda
never meant to shrink himself to only fit one in his heart, but he wouldn’t do that again. What
happened to Zuko had blindsided Hakoda, but that didn’t give him the right to ignore his son.
From now on, Hakoda would hold onto them both.
Tomorrow, he would tell Sokka and Katara everything that happened in that month on the
Ullaakut, about rum heists and bowsprits, about caribou-yak and southern lights.
Today though, they would rest.
____
“You’re limping.” Zi Se said quietly, frowning at the ground as Zuko carried him on his hip
through the market. Zuko had carried Zi Se like this dozens of times before. The kid was
clingy, and back at the White Lotus camp, Zuko had liked having him close, and besides,
he’d never been able to say no to Zi Se. But now, each step he took was making his leg sting,
and it was starting to get hard to ignore.
“I’m fine.” Zuko said, stopping in front of a stall and buying a small burlap sack of assorted
fruits. The market was in the Colonies, leaving them still an unfortunate distance away from
the Western Air Temple, but they’d covered considerable ground since they left the camp. If
they managed to get a ride over to the temple from the western point of the Colonies, then
they should arrive just before it became too dark to travel safely.
But it was a lot of ground to cover in a single day, and Zuko had already spent the entire night
travelling from the Fire Nation. On a normal day, he’d be exhausted. On a day where he was
carrying a five-year-old and had an infected leg wound, he felt close to passing out. Agni,
was it always so warm in the Colonies? Zuko felt like the ridiculously expensive fabric of his

Fire Nation clothes was sticking to him. He'd planned to buy new clothes for them here
anyway – all it would take was one passer-by with a keen gaze to catch onto the fact that
Zuko’s clothes were of royal quality for them to run into trouble – but now, Zuko couldn’t get
to the seamstress quick enough.
She was young, and she smiled widely when Zuko stopped in front of her stall, brown hair
tied back into a low bun, some unruly strands falling forward into her slightly flushed face.
“Hello there, how can I help you?” She smiled, and Zuko wasn’t listening because he was
looking over the clothes before him. The front of the stall was a barrage of reds and greens
and no blues. This was supposed to be a simple shopping trip; Zuko would buy a couple more
outfits for him and Zi Se and then they’d go. But he was just staring.
Zuko was the Fire Prince. He was wearing Fire Nation clothes already. For the three years he
was away from home, he continued to wear Fire Nation clothes. It was part of his identity.
Not like his blood or bending that was inherent, but a part of his person that he chose.
And Zuko hadn’t chosen the Fire Nation. Well, he had, but not this Fire Nation. Not this
blood-red and tyranny.
He hadn't chosen the Earth Kingdom either.
“Have you got anything in black?” Zuko asked, voice hoarse as he cut off the girl’s
enthusiastic spiel about sales. She blinked in surprise, and Zuko, despite everything that he’d
done, everything that happened, still felt a bolt of guilt strike him. She was only doing her
job, and he was being rude.
“We have some basic ao dai and robes,” the girl said, tilting her chin at her wares, “but we
have a lovely new set of grey tunics. They're pricier than the black ones but the quality makes
it worth it.”
“No greys, thanks.” Zuko said, trying for polite and probably managing tolerating. Grey, like
the ruined prison tunic Zi Se was still wearing, earning a few unsubtle glances from the
seamstress.
“Black it is.” The girl smiled, before bowing and disappearing into the racks of clothes
around her.
After far too much time had passed, Zuko and Zi Se moved on from the stall, changed into
cheap all-black clothes, the fabric thin. It wouldn’t do much to keep them warm at nights,
leading Zuko to buy a few woven blankets from the girl too, but it at least didn’t feel as
encasing as Zuko’s Fire Nation clothes had. He was still too warm though, and Zi Se was still
insisting on being carried, and they still had a long way to go.
They were walking through a forest, Agni threatening to set in the distance, when Zuko
finally needed to have a break. He eased Zi Se off him before collapsing to the floor, resting
his forearms on his knees and letting his head tilt forward. His leg was burning, a migraine
pulsing behind Zuko’s eyes with each beat of his heart. He'd seen the neat bandages done by
Mai’s hand back when he was getting dressed, but he still refused to look at the wound. He

had no healing supplies on him. All he gained from looking was losing ability to deny that he
was fine.
“Thirsty?” Zuko asked weakly, offering the waterskin to Zi Se, who was stood close by,
watching Zuko with clearly concerned amber eyes.
Zi Se shook his head. The kid didn’t seem nearly as hot as Zuko was, and now he wasn’t
thirsty? Zuko’s own throat felt impossibly dry, every swig of water leaving him dissatisfied.
Something was seriously wrong.
Maybe... maybe it wouldn’t be the end of the world if Zuko, after telling the Water Tribe
about Ozai’s plans, asked Kanut for help?
Zuko shoved the waterskin back into his bag a little too angrily, hauling himself to his feet by
a tree branch. What was he thinking? The last time he saw Kanut, he’d stabbed Fong in the
chest and refused the healer’s attempts at helping. Kanut was good, truly and indubitably.
And Zuko... wasn’t. It was that simple. They wouldn't want him with them any longer than he
had to be, and that was okay. He'd bought enough supplies from the market that him and Zi
Se could go anywhere. He'd think of something for them.
Zuko began to walk again, putting pressure on his aching leg out of spite, and it didn’t take
long for Zi Se to start tugging on his tunic like he always did.
“Walk on your own for a bit, kid. I need a break.” Zuko said, not looking down. They had to
make it to the temple before it got too dark. They'd already lost enough time. The comet was
coming, and plans needed to be made.
For a while, it was blissfully quiet, and Zuko had just begun pondering the consequences of
them having another break, maybe starting a small fire, hunting some fox-antelope to have an
actual cooked meal before another long stretch of walking to the coast, before boredom began
to hit Zi Se.
“Are we there yet?” The kid asked hopefully, and Zuko frowned, looking at their
surroundings that were very clearly woodland-ish and not at all Air Temple-ish.
“No.” He said, thinking that was the end of it.
And it was, until a few minutes later.
“Are we there yet?”
“No.”
“Now?”
“No.”
“How about now?”

“Agni,” Zuko huffed beneath his breath, before whirling on a grinning Zi Se, “we’re gonna
stop and have some dinner. If you collect some firewood, I'll teach you how to hunt. How's
that sound?”
That got Zi Se’s attention, and he squealed in excitement before running off, picking up any
sticks and twigs he could find. Zuko sighed in relief, slumping to the ground, allowing
himself a moment to shakily stretch out his leg. He didn’t know about infections or their
symptoms, but he did know that his was getting worse.
Zuko began to lay out some of the food they bought from the market, and Zi Se returned a
little while later with firewood he’d managed to collect while still staying within Zuko’s line
of sight. It was a pretty pathetic pile, but he held it in his small arms like it was the most
impressive thing he’d ever done, so Zuko kept his mouth shut. A blue spark leapt from his
palm and caught the wood in a burst of orange, and Zuko blinked at the colour but kept still.
Zi Se, however, jumped away from it, scrambling back.
“Hey,” Zuko said softly, moving to Zi Se’s side and pulling him onto his lap, letting the kid
hide his face in the folds of Zuko’s tunic, “it’s okay. It's just a fire. I've got complete control
of it.”
Slowly, Zi Se pulled his face back, staring at the flickering flames.
Zuko carefully moved his hand, still holding Zi Se firmly but managing to rummage through
his bag until his fingers locked around a thin handle. His dagger.
“Cool sword.” Zi Se said when Zuko pulled it out, and Zuko chuckled, twirling the dagger
around with the ease of practise.
“Actually,” he said, pressing his thumb to the blade and feeling satisfied when the blunt edge
didn’t so much as scratch him, let alone draw blood, “this is an Earth Kingdom dagger. See
the inscription there? It says ‘never give up without a fight’.”
Zi Se’s eyes were wide, impressed, and his jaw dropped when Zuko carefully handed him the
dagger.
“You keep it.” Zuko said, smiling warmly when Zi Se’s eager hands clutched the handle.
“And anytime you feel scared, remember that it’s there, and that you’re safe now.”
Zi Se’s smile matched Zuko’s now, oblivious to the fire right in front of him as he ogled the
dagger. Zuko let himself watch for a few seconds longer, memorising the innocence to Zi
Se’s smile, the gentle way he held the dagger, the very simple, untainted happiness in his
eyes, as if he hadn’t a care in the world, before Zuko got to his feet again, picking Zi Se up
with him.
“You ever hunted before?” He asked, and Zi Se’s smile became a wild grin.
Of course Zi Se hadn’t hunted before, because he was the son of a nobleman and all of his
meals had been provided for him until, suddenly, they weren’t. Zuko, however, had been

lucky enough to have a pretty good teacher, and now him and Zi Se were crouched in the
bushes, watching a fox-antelope grazing obliviously a few metres away.
Zuko had pulled out a dagger of his own, sharpened, and it wasn’t the same as hunting with a
spear, but he could apply the basic gist of it. Zi Se hadn’t noticed yet that his dagger was
practically useless, too excited over the thought of something as far-fetched and new as
hunting.
“First,” Zuko said, tone hushed, “you gotta hold it right. Lower down the handle- there you
go.” Zuko beamed proudly when Zi Se got a clumsy but solid hold on the dagger. “You’re a
natural.”
“What now?” Zi Se asked, excited.
Zuko turned back to the fox-antelope, its coat a rich brown, almost orange, completely
oblivious to their presence.
“Now, I'm gonna throw mine.” Zuko said simply, because it was simple. He was hardly going
to ask Zi Se to do it, and besides, it was just hunting.
Which is why when Zuko turned his full attention on the animal, breathing through his mouth
and holding the dagger the right way, he didn’t expect the sudden wave of reluctance that hit
him. His heart twisted, stomach curling in revulsion as he pictured the blade burying into the
animal’s neck. He felt unsteady, and then he felt the anger boiling beneath his skin begin to
break the surface.
He had killed a man. Zuko had killed a man in cold blood. He'd hunted him down and
murdered him. He saw it every time he fell asleep. He was corrupted down to his very soul,
an evil, heartless thing.
And now he couldn’t kill a fucking animal?
But... but this fox-antelope never did him any harm. It never did Zi Se any harm. It never did
anyone any harm. They had food back by the fire that he bought at the market. They didn’t
need to kill this creature.
Zuko sighed loudly, frustrated but resigned, before purposely breaking a twig beneath his
shoe. The fox-antelope's head snapped up and, just like that, it was running away.
“We lost it!” Zi Se cried in dismay, and Zuko feigned disappointment.
“Maybe next time, kid.”
Their short break was enough for Zuko to feel steadier on his feet again when they started
walking, but it only assuaged Zi Se’s boredom for a little while. By the time they managed to
get a boat to cut right across the water to the Western Air Temple, the kid was hounding Zuko
again.
It was going to be a long, long day.

____
“Water is water. Water is wet.” Katara said, quickly losing her temper. She'd tried very hard
to stay out of Tomkin and Nanook’s ridiculous debate, but Tomkin had quickly converted it
into a way to keep her mind off Sokka, and now it was getting out of hand. The sun was
setting on the Western Air Temple, and the group of them had trickled into the main room
like they always did before bed. They did this every night, just sat on their bedrolls around
the fire and talked, and it reminded Tomkin so much of the other warriors that it hurt
sometimes.
“Ah, water makes things wet.” Nanook countered, pointing dramatically. “That doesn’t make
it wet.”
“I think I know my own element.” Katara seethed, massaging her temples before shooting a
look to Aang, who had, until now, remained blissfully uninvolved. “Aang, you can
waterbend, what do you think?”
Aang’s grey eyes widened, as if he had been caught breaking the law, and he laughed
awkwardly when all eyes turned to him expectantly.
“I don’t know. I guess I don’t really have an opinion.” He said diplomatically, before looking
over to Katara. “But if I had to pick, I'd say water is wet.”
Tomkin groaned, disappointed that the Avatar would derail such an important debate in
favour of romantic biases, even if he had just agreed with Tomkin’s argument.
“You would take her side.” Nanook mumbled childishly from beside Tomkin, making
Tomkin snicker.
“What did you say?” Aang asked innocently, missing Nanook’s words.
“Wouldn’t you like to know, weatherboy.” Tomkin said, pettily crossing his arms but unable
to keep up his annoyed façade when Haru snorted at Aang’s frustration.
“Airbending isn’t weatherbending!” Aang cried, and the group erupted into laughter.
Tomkin was just about to hit them with another reason why he was right about water being
wet - aside the obvious argument of ‘it’s a fucking given’ - when Toph jumped to her feet,
head turned towards the room’s entrance. The group silenced, all of them watching her
nervously as she stomped outside, disappearing from view.
Tomkin turned to Nanook. “What-?”
“Tomkin?! Nanook?!” Toph’s shrill shout cut through the quiet, making the two boys jump to
attention. “Your massive fucking egos are needed outside!”
They didn’t need to be called twice, scrambling up and jogging out into the cool evening air.
Toph didn’t make a fuss over nothing, ever. She must have felt something with her feet-sight
or whatever it was she called it.

Nanook’s serious expression was a mirror of Tomkin’s as they flanked Toph, Tomkin’s
fingers wrapping around the machete he’d started carrying on him. He wasn’t much of a
warrior, not by a long shot, but he’d die for those kids in that temple. He'd die a hundred
times to fulfil his duty, to keep them safe, to make his Chief proud.
The Western Air Temple was beautiful in the sunset like this, orange rays dancing over old
tan rock. There was a small staircase this side of the temple, carved into the cliff and
providing a narrow passage up to the plateau above. And Tomkin could hear something. Feet
against dry pebbles, muffled voices.
“Someone found us.” Nanook hissed, pulling out a machete of his own, moving fluidly into a
defensive stance. “Toph, get the others. Me and Tomkin will-.”
“Did you get skinnier Little Tom, or do my eyes fucking deceive me?” A loud voice boomed,
and Tomkin dropped his machete in surprise.
Because there, behind the others who were now carefully making their way down the steps,
was Chena.
And Tulok and Aput and Bato and Kanut and Hakoda. They were all here, healthy, alive,
grinning at him. Then Sokka appeared at the top of the stairs with a girl Tomkin didn’t
recognise, and they were all here.
They were okay.
Spirits, they were okay.
Hakoda was the first to the temple, but was almost knocked back again by the force of
Tomkin throwing himself at him.
“Easy, Little Tom.” Hakoda laughed, the sound reverberating through Tomkin’s chest as the
Chief held him tight. No one had called him Little Tom in weeks.
“How..?” Toph asked, currently clutching onto Sokka’s arm in disbelief, looking a little shellshocked.
“Is that a tattoo?!” Nanook shrieked, pulling back from the bone-crushing hug Chena was
giving him in favour of yanking down the warrior’s sleeve, revealing a cute little tattoo of a
teacup on his shoulder. Cute and Chena were not two words Tomkin ever thought would go
in a sentence together.
“What’s going on-?”
The noise must have drawn the others out of the temple, because Hakoda let Tomkin go,
allowing him to twist and see Aang and Katara stood gawking at the group before them.
Katara’s shock only lasted a second before she was grinning, eyes slightly teary.
“Dad!” She called, running to him. “How are you here?”

Tomkin hopped out of the way, letting them have a moment and turning on Kanut, who’d
managed to escape the gleeful reunions so far.
“Little Tom, if you even try and hug me-.”
Tomkin cut him off with a tight hug, wrapping his arms around the healer's torso and refusing
to let go.
“You know you love it.” Tomkin beamed, because Kanut was there, in the flesh and warm
right beneath Tomkin’s touch. “Say you love it.”
The healer sighed, but Tomkin heard him try and muffle an amused scoff. “I suppose this is
tolerable.”
“You said you were going on a fishing trip!” Katara was shouting, no real venom in her tone
as she shoved Sokka. Tomkin watched the two squabble before Sokka pulled his sister close,
holding onto her a second longer than normal, and he watched Aput and Bato laugh loudly
with Nanook about something, and he watched Aang flutter about everyone excitedly, and
Tomkin smiled. It felt like all the terror that had piled on Tomkin’s shoulders had just been
lifted and hurled away from him in a matter of seconds. Sokka was back, the warriors were
okay, it was no longer his and Nanook’s sole responsibility to take care of the kids everything was very suddenly great.
If only Zuko were here.
Tomkin perked up, mind racing through his skewed memories of the Day of Black Sun.
General Fong. He'd been with them.
“Kanut?” Tomkin asked, pulling back and looking seriously at the healer, serious enough that
it made Kanut narrow his eyes.
“What is it?” Kanut asked gruffly.
“Did Fong say anything more to Hakoda? About Zuko?” Tomkin asked, and despite
everything, he still let hope sit quiet on his tongue.
He swallowed it down in one smooth motion at the way Kanut’s face completely fell at that
question.
“Stay awake tonight, when the others go to sleep.” Kanut said, clapping a hand to Tomkin’s
shoulder and squeezing just a little too tight. “Sokka wants nothing to do with it until he’s got
his head in the right place, so Hakoda’s telling the others tomorrow. But you and Nan deserve
to know first.”
Tomkin felt his heart rattle against his ribs as it fell, breath stuttering as he stared Kanut
down, hopeful turned helpless. Ominous didn’t quite cut it, but what could Tomkin do?
They told him later. Kanut had been right; Sokka excused himself, feigning a headache after
such a hectic past few days, and the younger kids went to sleep quicker than they ever had

before the moment it got late. As soon as it was just Tomkin and Nanook with their fellow
tribesmen, Hakoda began to talk.
It was all Tomkin could do to clutch the autograph in his pocket and try not to cry.
____
It was darker than Zuko would have liked, but they were here. Agni, they were here. The
Western Air Temple.
Of course, from the treeline, it looked like nothing more than a cliffdrop into a stomachchurningly deep ravine, but Zuko knew there were beautiful hanging pagodas and ancient
rooms right beneath his feet. The Air Temples were the first places Zuko looked for the
Avatar, and now he was back, and the Avatar was just a few metres of rock away from him.
Oh Agni, the Avatar.
Zuko had been so caught up in the terror of having to see the Water Tribe again that he hadn’t
even given himself time to sort out his feelings upon seeing the Avatar. He hadn’t seen him
since Pohuai. At least they’d ended on semi-good terms; maybe that would convince the
Avatar to trust Zuko?
“Zuko, your leg.” Zi Se said, tugging on Zuko’s tunic. Zuko met his worried amber stare and
sighed. They were finally here, and the journey had finished Zuko. He was only still standing
because he’d grabbed a tree branch hard enough that his nails dug into the bark, foot hovering
in the air to avoid putting pressure on it. It was so hot. It was night-time, the moon balancing
at the edge of the cliff, but it was boiling.
“We’ll make a camp up here.” Zuko said, throat like sandpaper. “We’ll go down in the
morning.”
A good night’s sleep would at least give him the energy to face them, but it was becoming
increasingly apparent that his leg was a big fucking problem. A problem that wasn’t going
away.
It could kill him. Zuko knew that, and a dark part of his mind kept whispering it, but he just...
he didn’t know what to do, and... and...
And he was scared.
He was really scared.
But he had to be fine. He wanted to be fine and he had to convince the tribesmen he was fine,
because they were good, and good people give into pity. He wouldn’t force them to let him
stay out of charity alone. He had to stop bothering them.
He was a messenger, nothing else.
It was more than he deserved.

Zuko and Zi Se sat around a small fire, the flames dancing before Zuko’s swimming vision,
Zi Se’s weight pressed against his side the only thing grounding him. He had to be fine, he
had to be fine, he had to be-.
“I have something to give you.” Zi Se said softly, and Zuko blinked, regaining some focus as
he managed a curious hum in response. The kid shuffled a little, reaching into his pocket,
before pulling out a small, brown tile.
It was Zuko’s white lotus tile.
Zuko sucked in a breath, a shaking hand slowly lifting it from Zi Se’s palm and twirling it
around his fingers like he’d done so many times. The pattern was barely there anymore, and
the tile was spattered with dirt and blood, but it was Zuko’s. It was one thing that was so
utterly, obnoxiously Zuko’s. It had been Zuko’s on the Erlong and on the Ullaakut and in
Fong’s base and at the White Lotus camp and now at the Western Air Temple. It saw Lee’s
death. It saw the Water Tribe’s gradual acceptance. It saw Oro and Renmin. It saw every
torture. It saw Zi Se.
It hadn’t seen Fong’s death. Zuko had done that alone. Completely alone. And somehow, that
inconsistency was more comforting than anything. This was one thing of his that that bloody
memory hadn’t touched.
Zi Se was sucking his thumb when Zuko looked back up, something Zuko had caught him
doing a lot today.
“I have something to give you too.” Zuko said, making Zi Se smile apprehensively as he
watched Zuko reach behind his neck, gently unclasping his necklace and passing it back to its
true owner. It really was a beautiful necklace, with its dainty butterfly resting atop a plum
blossom. Truly worthy of the noblewoman it must have belonged to, until Zi Se pinched it
like the lovable little shit he was.
Zi Se gasped when he saw his necklace, making grabby hands at it until Zuko obediently
returned it to its rightful place around the kid’s neck. It had served its purpose now; it had
brought them back together.
And the first thing Zi Se did was put it in his mouth.
“Zi Se.” Zuko said, exasperated.
The kid looked at him innocently. “It’s almost out!”
“What?” Zuko asked, completely lost and a little concerned.
Zi Se finally gave up, letting his necklace fall and instead pointing at his mouth. “My tooth.
It’s really wobbly now and Akinari says it’s gonna fall out.”
Zuko looked back at the fire. He wasn’t going to forget about that damn tooth anytime soon.
It wasn’t Zi Se’s fault for bringing it up, but Zuko couldn’t help the way his mood
plummeted, mind being dragged back into shadows as he remembered the base, that first

week out, how paranoid and distant he’d been. It must have been so scary for Zi Se, seeing
Zuko like that.
Zuko settled on sighing loudly, turning back to the fire with a shake of his head.
If Zuko really thought, he could feel a pain in his ribs. Not the obvious pain, the broken
bones that jabbed with each inhale. A different pain. Between the last two ribs on his right
side, a few centimetres long but aching with the pain of a millennia. And maybe it was the
feeling of being a stranger walking the steps of a boy with his face and name who was here
three years ago, maybe it was the infection that started in his leg and bled into his heart,
maybe it was the shadows of the fire, dancing against the trees in a feverish orange. But Zuko
felt it all the same. Felt the point of contact of his sword, felt the way sinew tore around the
blade. Fong’s death had latched itself onto him, on that point of Zuko’s body that had been
the final blow on Fong’s, and it was contaminating him. Black-rot ribs, curling flesh, boiling
blood. Rage and pain and this pathetic hope to still do some good. It all lived in Zuko like a
disease, invisible and insatiable, but worst of all, slow. It was so slow. It took weeks for Zuko
to see his own blazing anger, and it might take years before he figured out why he was so
angry, and by then he’d find something else wrong, like cancer spreading through him. It was
slow, and agonising.
Zuko thought this must be what dying felt like, which was fitting.
He had killed a man, and now, it was killing him back.
Zuko didn’t notice his hand lifting, fingers trembling as they moved through the air, calling
the fire to him. Zi Se sucked in a breath, but instead of moving from Zuko’s side where the
fire was approaching, he pushed himself closer against Zuko.
The kid was still scared of fire. Zuko was too, a little. He knew fire better than most people.
He'd seen it at every angle. He'd seen it thrown from cruel hands and he’d seen it held in
gentle fingers. He knew the kindness of fire just as he knew the terror of it.
There was an art to burning, and Zuko was carefully mastering it. It was like the poets said.
Beauty is terror.
And oh, for how terrifying it was, fire was one of the most beautiful things in the world.
“Look at this.” Zuko said quietly, before spreading his hands wide, a thin sheet of fire moving
above their heads, covering the starry sky. Slowly, Zuko began to generate his own flames,
and it became a dance of orange and blue, the two colours twirling together right above their
heads, sending waves of warmth that saw Zuko’s cheeks flushing, but it was worth it for the
wonderous sheen in Zi Se’s eyes as he stared in awe. Hues of red were starting to crackle
through the dance, tumbling with the oranges, pirouetting with the blues. There was a
familiarity to this that sent a shiver down Zuko’s spine; he knew where this came from, this
bending, this idea, this image. It was an image living in the soft tissue of his memories, warm
and happy.
The Aurora.

“It’s beautiful.” Zi Se breathed.
“Yeah,” Zuko said, throat tight, arms heavy, “I know.”
____
Kanut didn’t sleep that night. He sat by the campfire until it guttered into nothing but ash and
pathetic embers. He felt like he was waiting, waiting for movement, or a sign, or something.
Nothing came. Nothing ever came. But he couldn’t stop waiting for Zuko, he wouldn’t. All
he had was a small chance, but it was enough. Enough that he still jumped hopefully when
one of the campfire’s loose embers shot up, one that refused to extinguish, despite it all,
sparking up towards the sky to curl amongst the stars.
Zuko was still out there, and while he was still breathing, Kanut would wait for him.

Chapter End Notes

Maybe party rock is in the house tonight after all. Anyways feel free to drop me a
comment or a bookmark or kudos or whatever, I actually really appreciate it!! I just
realised that I never say stuff about kudos and shit and this is me trying to be an Actual
Put Together Fic Author. Is it working???? Hello???
The quote ’beauty is terror’ is by donna tartt and let me tell you for a bitch who hasn’t
even read the secret history I sure do quote it every chance I get.
I can’t believe it but finally, finally, after literal torture and a sprinkling of murder and a
tsunami of angst, we’re getting the zuko & swt reunion. Next chapter your majesties xx

Chapter 32: ii. Home
Chapter Notes

omg hello again this no-update-schedule thing has been SO much better and i actually
think it shows in the chapter?? like none of it was rushed at all so i feel a lot better about
it. i have some beautiful tovah fanart to show you on pinterest. there's also been a gift fic
written that discusses zuko's blue fire in a really interesting way here, go check it out!
hope you like this one nerds, see you in a jiffy and in the meantime don't do anything i
wouldn't do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

So, here’s the thing. No one ever taught Tomkin how to hold the last flying lemur of its entire
species, and Tomkin had grown up hunting and wrangling the tough animals of the South
Pole. How was he supposed to know Momo was that temperamental? How was he supposed
to know that Momo had been spoilt and babied for the past few months by Aang and Katara,
and was now accustomed to no less than royal treatment?
How was he supposed to know that a flying-lemur was able to hold a grudge this long?
“Momo,” Tomkin groaned into his sleeping bag, “get off.”
It was almost dawn, the sky still an inky black outside the temple aside a slither of orange on
the horizon, the fire guttered to grey ashes as everyone slept around it, warm and crowded in
a way that made Tomkin smile as he slept. He wasn’t smiling now, because now, he had
Momo grabbing handfuls of his hair and yanking.
“Told you he hates you.” Nanook mumbled from somewhere to Tomkin’s left, still halfasleep, because Nanook wasn’t being attacked by a lemur.
“Would you two shut the fuck up?” Chena groaned from the other side of the campfire,
rolling so his back was to Tomkin and muttering something that sounded suspiciously like
‘Spirits, to think I missed them’.
“Language.” A groggy voice said, coming from the bundle of furs Aput had wrapped himself
in.
Toph, who Tomkin had thought was fast asleep, punched the ground, causing an earth pillar
to shoot into Aput’s side.
“OW!” He snapped, sitting upright, black hair sticking at every angle. “What the shit was
that?!”

“Language.” Toph said delicately, snuggling deeper into her sleeping bag with a self-satisfied
smirk.
“Can we all go back to sleep please?” Katara asked, aiming for diplomatic as she berated
warriors three times her age. “The sun hasn’t even finished rising yet.”
Bato hummed in agreement. “Petition for us to throw the next person who disrupts my beauty
sleep off the cliff, all those in favour say ‘aye’.”
Several grumbled ‘aye’s sounded from around the camp, causing blissful silence for a few
seconds as everyone finally settled back down. Tomkin couldn’t help himself. He was already
awake, and his heart was beating a little too fast at just how... normal this was. This was how
they were. The warriors, like this. Every morning on the Ullaakut was met with this same
moody banter, half-asleep quips and sleepy smiles.
He couldn’t help but milk it.
“How’s that beauty sleep helping the number Chena did on your nose, Bato?” He asked with
an innocent smile that quickly became an evil grin at Bato’s squawk of offence at Tomkin’s
implication.
“That’s it,” Chena said, “throw Tomkin off the cliff.”
“Wait,” Sokka said, lifting his face from where he’d previously wrapped it in his pillow to try
and tune them all out, “Chena hit Bato?”
“He got jealous because I’m handsome and he is an ugly, unlovable beast.” Bato said
moodily, and Tulok buried his face in his hands, knowing any chance of sleep had just died a
petty death.
“If you two start fighting right now-.” Aput tried, before immediately being cut off by Chena.
“Listen here you egotistical fuck-.”
A long, loud groan sounded from Hakoda’s bedroll, and the chief finally sat up, rubbing his
temples as he gave up on any prospect of further rest.
“Alright, everyone up.” Hakoda ordered, sternness lost a little to the dregs of sleep still
clinging to him. The chief was exhausted, and he had every right to be after what he’d been
through these past few weeks, but it seemed deeper than a physical tiredness. His eyes were a
little distant, his smile always a second too late, forced. Haunted, Nanook had whispered,
when him and Tomkin were the last two still awake after hearing about Zuko, he looks
haunted, just like after Kya died.
It was natural to be angry at Hakoda after he told them what happened. After he told them
that Zuko was almost unrecognisable, after he told them that despite everything, his first
words to Hakoda in four months were words of reconciliation, as if they weren’t the ones
who had to abandon him in Gaoling. It was natural to be angry at Hakoda after he told them

about Fong, and how it happened, and how they left Zuko in that library alone with no one
but blood and ash and a family who showed no sign of compassion.
It was natural to be angry, because that was the easy route. It was so very easy for Tomkin to
imagine what he would have done in that situation, so easy to picture it all and be calm
enough to know better, to realise that Zuko had made his decision, that Zuko internalised
things, that the only logical explanation, with that in mind, was just to let Zuko do what he
needed to do. No one could possibly hate him for killing a man, least of all Hakoda. Hakoda
was the chief, and he was familiar with the throes of war. He'd killed, and he’d had his tribe
to fall back on, knowing hatred for his actions wouldn’t even cross their minds. They were
warriors. They did what they had to do. Tomkin knew Chena’s motto. Killing Fire Nation
soldiers saves lives, in the long run. That rule applied to a man like Fong. General Fong, who
took a teenager and tore him to pieces, whose crimes were unspeakable based only on the
small amount of information they’d gathered. Whether Zuko killed him in cold blood or
killed him for the greater good was irrelevant, and everyone who’d spent more than a few
months out in this war knew that better than they cared to admit.
It was easy, then, to be angry that Hakoda and Kanut hadn’t done enough to show Zuko that.
But Tomkin wasn’t angry, because he’d realised something in his time taking care of these
kids. In his own eyes, he was just a kid himself, so used to being the baby of the group, Little
Tom, but to Haru and Teo and The Duke, to even Aang, Toph and Katara, Tomkin and
Nanook were adults, omnipotent and undefeatable. Adults, who were turned to in times of
trouble. Adults, who were expected to know exactly what to do at any given moment.
For years, Tomkin had seen the chief as some sort of idol, but Hakoda was just a man, and
Tomkin couldn’t be angry with him. If Tomkin had been in that library that day, he wouldn’t
have known how to help Zuko either.
Sometimes, all you can do for someone is care.
Sometimes, that isn’t enough.
“Chena, Bato,” Hakoda was saying, pulling back his hair as he got to his feet, “seeing as you
two are clearly so spritely this morning, you can go and fetch some water for us to make
breakfast. Everyone else ask Sokka what needs doing.”
Sokka, never an early riser, had sat up with his sleeping bag still wrapped around his head,
hair down and messy, eyes slowly falling shut as his body pulled him back to sleep, but upon
Hakoda’s words, he snapped to attention, staring at his dad in disbelief.
Sokka had been there when Hakoda and Kanut saw Zuko, and he was taking it as well as he
could, given the fact he still hadn’t had any answers. Tomkin wasn’t looking forward to the
fallout of that conversation, but for now, the chief and Sokka had had this horrid tension
between them.
This acknowledgement here though, the drawn-out silence as the rest of the camp obliviously
chatted and bickered, was an offer of peace. It was a tiny thing. Hakoda was making the
warriors ask Sokka how to do things around here, and it made sense, because this place, these

kids, weren’t Hakoda’s territory. Even Tomkin and Nanook had felt it, before Sokka
disappeared on his ‘fishing trip’. They had taken a leadership role that wasn’t being offered.
Whether it was in Sokka’s best interests was irrelevant; he still felt he was being sidelined.
Maybe that’s why he did what he did, going to the Boiling Rock alone. To prove himself.
Hakoda was playing a smart game here, and Tomkin was reminded that both father and son
were excellent tacticians.
This could get messy.
Sokka hesitated, before taking what his dad was giving him with a tight smile.
“Tomkin, Nanook, you guys can feed Appa.” Sokka said, smile becoming an evil grin as
Tomkin gasped.
“But that’s Aang’s job!” Tomkin cried, affronted.
“Remember when I said I'd rebel against your corrupt leadership?” Sokka said innocently.
“This is it.”
“Chief, this is mutiny.” Nanook said, because while feeding Appa wasn’t bad, the chores
surrounding the air bison and threats along the lines of ‘while you’re there, you should brush
him’ were.
“It’s out of my hands, boys.” Hakoda pointedly held his hands up, shrugging.
“Appa’s not so bad!” Aang insisted, the picture of sweetness as he threw a chirpy ‘good
morning, buddy!’ to the unable-to-respond bison in question, before airbending elegantly to
his feet and skipping off to where Katara was unpacking breakfast utensils from their
supplies. And that was the last straw. Tomkin had no choice. If the people he trusted were
going to betray him like this, then he would just have to fight dirty.
“Is it because I'm an orphan?”
Chena, Bato and Aput groaned loudly, used to this being Tomkin’s last weapon in his arsenal
when he really, really didn’t want to do something. It had been years since those three caved
into his pouting and soft tone, and Kanut had never had enough pity in his spiteful body to
buy into it, but without fail, it always made Hakoda twitchy, and Tulok and Nanook were
suckers for it.
“Did you...” Sokka started, staring at Tomkin in a mix of disbelief and respect. “Did you just
play the orphan card?”
“You bet I did, baby.” Tomkin grinned, jumping to his feet and raising his hands above his
head, spine cracking as he stretched. “I don’t play it enough.”
Sokka scoffed, pointing an accusatory finger. “Stop capitalising on your trauma.”
“Or what?” Tomkin said, before turning smugly to Nanook, catching him in the act of a very
melodramatic eyeroll. “Have fun with Appa.”

“You’re ridiculous.” Nanook said,
“Just go help with breakfast or something.” Hakoda said, pinching the bridge of his nose. It
was his classic ‘my kids will be the death of me’ expression and Tomkin always felt a bolt of
joy strike him whenever it was aimed his way.
Nanook stomped off, shoving Tomkin as he passed, and the other warriors quickly settled
into their morning chores. It would take a few days for them to figure out how to live with
each other, but they’d get the hang of it sooner or later. Tomkin and Nanook had, after all,
and now, living around Sokka and Katara and the others felt as natural as living around the
warriors.
Tomkin turned to where Katara was still stood with the supplies, Aang bouncing excitably
around her – Spirits, how did that kid have so much energy in the mornings? - but despite
that, she seemed unhappy, frowning a little at the prospect of people helping her with
breakfast. Tomkin wasn’t worried though, instead rubbing his face to hide his smile. Katara
was the best cook here, but her making the meals for everyone went further than that. She
liked taking care of people. She liked making sure everyone ate well, making sure everyone
was warm and their clothes were patched up whenever they were torn. There was a maternal
streak in Katara’s heart, and it only grew when Kya died and Katara had to step up more. It
seemed the years the warriors were away only made that streak grow.
It made her a little territorial of her cooking, and she wouldn’t want Aput’s big hands or
Kanut’s bad attitude or Tomkin’s general clumsiness encroaching on that.
The thought of her snapping at them made Tomkin struggle to muffle a laugh, and his heart
did that strange racing flutter from before, because there was something normal about this
too. Tomkin knew how to live with these two groups of people, but never together. Yet they
flowed together seamlessly, any transgressions being smoothed over with fondness, and every
surge of bickering, every impatient comment, had such an undertone of domesticity that he
couldn’t help but enjoy it.
It just felt right, to have all the people Tomkin cared about right here where he could see them
and know they were safe.
Well, almost all of them.
____
Zuko fell asleep quickly that night, too exhausted by his injuries to claw awake from the
nightmares that followed. When he woke up, a cold sweat clung to him, and he couldn’t
remember what he dreamt of but it hung heavily over him, the knowledge that something had
just been living in his mind, fleeing with lucidity. He knew what it would have been. It was
always the same.
Zi Se’s weight, pressed into his side as the kid curled closer and closer to him in his sleep,
burying his face into Zuko's chest, had startled him at first. He’d gone four months like this,
waking up from sporadic sleep to Zi Se holding onto him - it was why he could handle Zi Se
touching him when everyone else made his stomach knot - but it had been days since Zuko

had woken up next to someone. He remembered what happened with Mai, the poorly hidden
shock in her eyes, the fear as he grabbed her wrist. If he hadn’t snapped out of it quicker, he
might have twisted his grip. He could still hear the way Akinari’s arm had broken. He'd tried
to touch him too.
Something about the Water Tribe muffled it. Zuko had still stiffened in Hakoda’s arms, and
he’d been hyperaware every time Sokka touched him, but it was... bearable. Bearable because
there was no green or red, only blue. And some stupid part of his mind, convoluted and
drowning after so long, had latched onto the blue in his memories and called it safety.
Zuko sighed, shifting to wrap an arm around Zi Se and hold the sleeping kid closer, looking
up at the stars through the branches above. Agni was about to rise, the night-sky rinsed out a
little, but still visible. The stars here were almost like they were at home. The Western Air
Temple was dangerously close to Fire Nation waters, and the constellations were only
slightly skewed. Zuko remembered the southern sky, the relentless night that had doused his
chi. The stars in the South Pole made these ones look dim.
And that’s how Zuko sat, unmoving, reluctant to get up. It was easier to stare at the sky,
watching it melt into drops of sunlight that washed over the morning as he carded his fingers
softly through Zi Se’s hair, than it was to think about what today heralded. There was no
more avoiding it. He'd wasted enough time. He was getting better and better at
compartmentalising his thoughts, and if he could just focus on Sozin’s Comet, on the threat
of genocide hanging over the Earth Kingdom, on the war and the political aspect of all this,
then it would be fine. It didn’t have to be so raw.
But he couldn’t, because every time he went over what he might say when he saw the
warriors again, he remembered the library, and he saw Hakoda’s blue eyes, heard Kanut’s
offer of redemption. He turned it down. He sent them away. He chose badness, and they
couldn’t just forget that.
Zuko remembered his last words to Hakoda – there’s a reason they call us ashmakers. I don’t
belong with you, I never did – and groaned, wincing. Who said shit like that? And part of him
knew that he wasn’t thinking straight in that library, that the smoke was curling his thoughts,
that he was just so angry, so hurt, so scared, that it blindsided him. It had all been... too
much... far, far too much, in the moment. Choosing to kill Fong, to leave the Water Tribe, to
return to Father, had seen Zuko jump into the pitch ravine of his mind. But this here, him
coming to the Water Tribe to warn them, him taking Zi Se and hoping for a fresh start for
them both, this wasn’t him climbing out of that dark chasm. That would be the pretty way of
putting things, the way things would go in a storybook or a play. The character would fall
down, and then they would get back up. But this was no play, it never had been, and Zuko
wasn’t scaling this ravine, scrambling over the ledge to stand again in Agni’s light. No. He
was simply taking a few steps, perhaps lighting a torch, stocking up on supplies for the long,
long journey of shadows ahead.
After all, it was easier to fall from a cliff than to climb one.
“Zuko?” Zi Se mumbled, groggy as he began to stir, even such a slight movement sending
stinging pains through Zuko’s ribs. At least his leg felt better after some sleep. Actually, he

couldn’t really... feel it. The pain had turned almost static, a fog hovering beneath his skin
from the knee down. Zuko didn’t want to think too long on what that could mean.
“Zuko?” Zi Se said again, more urgent this time, pushing himself into a hurried sitting
position and completely missing the way Zuko grit his teeth.
“What? What is it?” Zuko bit out, before softening at the sight of Zi Se’s messy black hair.
Zi Se was frowning, a little pained, as he worked his jaw, before his eyes widened in surprise.
“Look!” He gasped, ducking his head while Zuko watched on, confused. Zi Se finally looked
up again, grinning victoriously as he held out his hand, and there in his palm was a tooth. “I
told you!”
Zuko stared at it, remembering years of babyteeth and Mother, remembering comforting a
six-year-old Azula because her tooth fell out and she was convinced it meant she was dying.
It was a staple of childhood. It wasn’t a big deal. But Zi Se, whether he knew it or not, wasn’t
getting the normal experience. It was a bad tooth, rotten in his palm, and it had hurt him
while it was still inside him, and Zuko hadn’t been able to help, hadn’t been able to prevent
it, hadn’t even noticed. It was a product of Fong, and it was rotting from within, and it wasn’t
something Zuko could control.
But it was... it was out. It had fallen out, this last piece of Fong. They could leave it behind
now. They could leave it all behind, for good.
A choked laugh escaped Zuko’s lips. “That’s great, Zi Se. That's really, really great.”
“What do I do with it?” Zi Se said, making weird expressions as he got used to the sudden
gap.
“Well, usually you’d put it beneath your floorboards, but we can bury it, if you want?” Zuko
said with a nostalgic smile. It wasn’t for a prince to entertain such basic things, but Mother
had always let Zuko indulge in the more fun traditions, whether Father saw them as childish
or not.
Zi Se laughed. “Why would we do that?”
“It’s from your top row of teeth, yeah?” Zuko said, grinning when Zi Se nodded and bared
his teeth to prove a point. “So if we bury it, it pulls your new tooth to your old tooth. Makes it
grow quicker and stronger.”
Zi Se considered it, disbelieving, before giving in. “Okay!” He beamed, jumping to his feet.
And so that’s what they did. Zuko let Zi Se do most of it, the kid bouncing about the place in
his excitement as he found a nice spot and started digging with his hands, pressing the tooth
snugly amongst the dirt. And then they buried it, and Zuko packed the earth tight, watching it
disappear from view. When they were done, he took a step back, and he felt... light.

This rotting part of their history had been cut out of them, and it would be buried here, above
the Western Air Temple. And no matter where they went now, what they chose to do, what
happened today, it would still be here, and they would still be free of it. It couldn’t follow
them around anymore. It couldn’t haunt them.
They were moving on. Zuko had faced his father, had left the Fire Nation, and still, it was this
of all things that showed it him. They were moving on.
Things could be better. If not now, then soon.
They just needed to keep taking it one step at a time.
That lightness didn’t last. Breakfast was a quiet, stilted affair, seeing them both eat too
quickly, a habit neither of them seemed to have broken in their time apart, and that silence
gave Zuko too much time in his own head.
Because yes, they were moving on, and things were better than they were when Zuko was in
Caldera, or the Boiling Rock, but things were far from perfect. The day was becoming hot
again, sweat clinging to Zuko’s skin as he struggled to take full breaths, and Agni, what the
fuck was he going to say?
It wasn’t just Hakoda down there. It was all of them. Kanut, Chena, Tulok, Aput, Tomkin,
Nanook. All of them, each with a different response that he would have to cater to, each who
deserved their own explanation. And then there was the Avatar’s group. Sokka, who Zuko
had thought was hateful when he looked at him last, but now he remembered the way it
looked a little like he was hiding the fact he was scared. I thought you’d changed. And
Sokka’s sister, Katara. Zuko had stolen her necklace that one time. And of course there was
the whole ‘hunted you down for weeks on end’ thing that still hadn’t been resolved. Suki was
there too. Zuko had sworn to her that Azula’s presence in the Boiling Rock hadn’t been a set
up, and then Zuko had immediately ran back to Azula. How bad did that look? And the
Avatar would surely have gotten an earthbending teacher by now, too. It was all adding up to
make a large group of people who didn’t want Zuko there, and he needed to make them listen
long enough to tell them about the Earth Kingdom, but how was he supposed to do that? How
could he possibly say his piece when he wouldn’t even give himself the time of day right
now?
“Zi Se,” Zuko said, sitting on a nearby rock and leaning his forearms on his knees, letting his
head dip, “why don’t you go practise with that dagger? There's a clearing over there, but
don’t go near the cliff.”
“Cool!” Zi Se beamed, oblivious to how weak Zuko’s voice sounded. “What about you?”
Zuko shook his head, thoughts swimming just a moment slower than his movements. “I’ll be
right here. Off you go.”
Zi Se wasn’t too happy with that, hesitating as he fiddled with the dagger he’d now pulled
out, but his eagerness to practise overwhelmed that, and he skipped off, promising to be
within shouting distance. Zi Se’s attachment to Zuko and his infallible trust that he wouldn’t
leave again made for a strange combination, but right now, it was one Zuko desperately

needed. He just needed to be alone, just for a bit, just until he figured out what he was going
to do. They'll hate you, said a voice from the shadows of the ravine, and his stomach twisted
with a sudden fear of heights. They don’t want to see you again. None of them do. It was
easier to stay grounded, to not take the risk of falling. Zuko felt dizzy, lethargic almost, like
everything was happening to him at a slower pace than the truth. The air was muggy, thick,
and Zuko’s ribs were too tight, like there was too much of him and it was spilling over the
bone. He couldn’t breathe, the thoughts shooting through his head with the same speed, the
same pain, as lightning.
No. Zuko sucked in a deep breath, ignoring how it hurt, and lifted his head. No, he wasn’t
changing his mind. Him and Zi Se... they were moving on. This was how they moved on.
Which brought him right back to the start, because he was going to do this, he was going to
face them all, so what the fuck did he say?
He wasn’t losing his mind. He knew for certain he wasn’t, because Zuko had spent four
months so far beneath the earth’s surface that he started seeing memories in the shadows, and
that had made him question his sanity. In comparison, this was nothing.
This was just him, alone, injured, possibly delirious, going through lines out loud in order to
get a feel for them, to see how they sounded.
And if he happened to be talking to the badgerfrog perched on a nearby boulder, almost like
he was using the animal as an impromptu audience, then nobody had to know.
“Hello,” Zuko said, pressing the pads of his fingers together as he glared at the badgerfrog,
concentrating, “Zuko here... No, absolutely not. They know who you are, dumbass... Uh...”
He mussed his hair, desperately trying to untangle his mind even just a little bit so he could
access the part that controlled normal fucking conversation and pointedly ignoring how
clammy and tight his skin felt. He didn’t have time to be unwell.
“So.” Zuko tried again. The badgerfrog blinked. “The thing is, I know some things about the
war. Specifically, I know about a Fire Nation attack coming, because I'm... Well, I know
because I did go back there... for a bit... but I'm not with them anymore! And I'm not hunting
the Avatar anymore either. I should apologise for that...”
Agni, this was going to be bad.
“And I know... a lot of you haven’t seen me in a while... and I did k-.” Zuko’s mouth dried
up, a sudden wave of pain throbbing from his leg as the words turned to dust on his tongue.
He grit his teeth, glaring daggers at the badgerfrog. “I did a terrible thing, and I'm pretty sure
that makes me terrible, but I'm... For what it’s worth, for how little it means, I'm on your
side.”
Zuko stood a little taller, satisfied with the conclusion despite the clumsy delivery, before
deflating again when he only got a bored ribbit in response. He was still on his own, talking
to a badgerfrog. He still had to say all this to the others. Agni, he had to look Hakoda in the
eye and say all that.

Zuko felt sick. He just wanted to lie down, but lying down meant sleeping, and sleeping
meant nightmares. Every crevice of his life was tainted by spatter marks, residual
bloodstains, and he couldn’t clean them away.
“Zi Se!” Zuko finally called, rubbing a hand down his face and letting his head loll back to
glare at the blue sky above him. It relaxed him, looking at the sky. He'd gone without it for
four months. At one point, he was convinced he’d never see it again. But now, not even the
fresh air, the open sky, the trees around him, the little gap-toothed boy, was enough to lift his
spirits.
“Coming!” Zi Se replied, not too far away, a smile clear in his voice.
Zuko just needed to get this over with.
____
It was weird having Team Avatar integrating with the Southern Water Tribe warriors. Good
weird, obviously. Very good weird. Definitely good weird, but still... weird. Sokka didn’t
know what to do with himself, and he was running out of excuses.
Because yeah, he had been angry at his dad, and he had been rightfully angry, but after that
talk on the ship, there wasn’t much else Sokka could say. Hakoda had fucked up, and he’d
admitted that, and he wanted to fix things. There was literally no more Sokka could ask for
until they had this big talk they’d both been tiptoeing around. Until then, they were stuck in
this weird in-between. Bad weird. Sokka couldn’t really sulk, but he wasn’t entirely willing
to act like things were normal either.
And now, there were all these new people. The Western Air Temple had been split into four
groups. Chit Sang’s lot tended to keep to themselves, happy to stick to their group of three
while still exchanging polite small talk whenever they had to interact with the others. Then
there were the babies of the group; Teo, Haru and The Duke. The Duke was the youngest
here at eight, but aside that, there wasn’t anything that technically made the three of them the
‘babies’. Teo and Haru were both older than Toph and Aang – kinda – but still, the three
stayed out of the important discussions. It was more their choice than anyone else’s. They
seemed to have made a silent agreement to just leave things to everyone else while they spent
their days exploring the temple. That was fine by Sokka. They were just children; they should
be allowed that choice. He wished it had been available for all of them, but it wasn’t.
The last two groups populating the archaic temple were Team Avatar and the eight warriors.
It was always going to be weird at first, Sokka knew that. Logically, they were taking all
these people who did things differently, shoving them together and hoping for the best. No
one really knew what the protocol was. When it was just Team Avatar, Sokka took up most of
the mantle of leader. He was the eldest, and a warrior, and the others were impulsive to say
the least, so of course it went to him. But even so, it’s not like he was a chief, or anything. If
Katara wanted something, Aang would side with her, and they usually wound up doing it. If
Aang didn’t want something, he got stubborn and sulky. If Toph wanted something, then
there wasn’t a Spirit on earth that could stop her from getting it. It was a strange system, but
Sokka figured out how to make it work, and it did. They were good together, all of them.

The adults did things differently, because Hakoda was a chief. His word was always the one
taken. He was a good man, he listened and he took council from his men, but at the end of the
day, if he came to a decision the others didn’t like, they would still, ultimately, follow his
leadership. And that made sense, because living on a ship out in a warzone was dangerous,
and that kind of danger didn’t have time for petty arguments and personal grudges. It needed
a firm word, a strong hand, and a single man they were all willing to follow.
Tui, even thinking of it like that made Sokka’s heart swell. He forgot just how cool Hakoda
was sometimes, but this tension between them at the moment wasn’t enough to get rid of a
lifetime of Sokka idolising his father. He wanted to be like Hakoda, one day.
But that day was not today, which meant no one had any idea who to listen to, and Hakoda’s
attempts to ease things by giving Sokka authority had somehow made everything feel even
more confusing.
It was just... weird. Really, really weird.
Luckily, Sokka was nothing if not an entertainer, a master of distracting both himself and his
friends from their troublesome thoughts.
“Alright, Aang,” Sokka was saying, flexing his hands where they were clamped on Aang’s
shoulders, “there’s the fire, go.”
“I can’t just bend the fire, Sokka.” Aang hissed, fidgeting in Sokka’s grip. The only reason he
hadn’t shrugged Sokka off was because Sokka had grabbed Aang under the pretence of being
supportive; he knew Aang would feel too bad to push him away. Truth was, Aang was the
definition of flighty, and he was refusing to even discuss what was happening with his
firebending training. If Sokka had to resort to subtly restraining the guy in order to avoid a
repeat of Roku’s Island, then that’s exactly what he’d do. He was a good friend like that.
“Sure you can!” Sokka grinned, meeting Katara’s gaze behind Aang’s back and jerking his
chin, a clear message to his sister; help me out.
“You’re the Avatar.” Katara chirped, quickly taking Sokka’s hint. “You can do this. It's gotta
be in there somewhere.”
The three of them had gathered around the campfire with Toph and Suki, but the longer they
were here, staring at a fire and looking generally like they were up to something, the more
attention they attracted. After a while, the warriors started to sit with them, intrigued. Sokka
had to admit, it was nice having so many non-benders around.
“We could always just throw fire at you.” Toph said with an evil smile. “I’m sure you’d be
able to firebend then.”
“No, absolutely not.” Nanook said with the expression of a man who thinks those around him
are only partially joking.
“Just go from what you said that Jeong Jeong guy taught you.” Suki supplied helpfully.

Aang groaned. “He just told me about breathing. I know about breathing. I do it all the time.”
“Breathing is important for firebending though, right? To help settle chi?” Kanut asked
casually, before turning rigid when everyone’s eyes snapped to him.
“Is that so?” Chena asked, a wolfish grin on his lips, grey eyes a little soft.
“Shut up.” Kanut huffed. “I’m gonna go look around the temple. I want to set up one of the
rooms as an infirmary while we’re here. It doesn’t look like we’ll be moving anytime soon
and I don’t trust you lot to not get yourselves hurt.” He flicked an accusatory finger between
Chena, Bato and Aput before skulking off. He'd mentioned about finding a room to use as an
infirmary over breakfast, saying it would be a better clinical environment with walls and a
solid floor, but this looked more like he was running away from the conversation.
“Huh, I wonder how Kanut knows so much about firebending.” Aang said, happy the focus
had been turned from him.
“Yeah,” Sokka mumbled, glaring at the fire, “I wonder.”
It was like a stone had lodged itself in his chest, choking him and weighing him down, and
through it all, he felt Hakoda’s burning stare. Sokka had decided to keep his mouth shut until
Hakoda explained; he owed his dad that much. He held off on telling the others, even keeping
it from Katara when she’d been the first he wanted to tell about Zuko, and Suki had left the
decision up to him, staying quiet. At breakfast, Hakoda had asked if Sokka was ready to talk,
and Sokka stupidly said they’d talk when they ate next. It gave everyone a while to settle
down and get ready for the day, while still giving them the buffer of food to at least attempt at
casualness. He was stalling, and he didn't even know why. His curiosity smouldered within
him, the weight of that stone, but the answers he craved were also ones he was terrified of,
because he genuinely had no idea what to expect. He had no hunches, no vague ideas. There
was no logical explanation for how Zuko came to know Hakoda and the others, how he came
to befriend them. This unknown, this disorder, this freefalling without a plan - it was a
cocktail of Sokka’s biggest anxieties.
“Don’t be an idiot.” Katara said, and Sokka was snapped from his thoughts, glaring at his
sister who glared right back at him. The others had slipped easily back into conversation
around him, and Sokka realised he must have been seriously lost in his head, so much so that
his hands were still on Aang’s shoulders, and Aang, being Aang, hadn’t said anything,
grinning away as he chatted to Bato.
“I’m never an idiot.” Sokka said, feigning a wounded expression as he subtly released the
Avatar.
“No, you’re never stupid.” Katara corrected, pushing her hair over her shoulder. “But every
now and then, you’re such a colossal idiot that it makes me want to bash my head against a
wall.”
“Well that makes loads of sense. Thank you, master Katara, for your wisdom.” Sokka said
with a put-upon sigh. It wasn’t exactly uncommon for them to speak to each other like this.
He loved Katara, but she was also his sister, and sometimes he’d look at her when she was

doing literally nothing wrong and just be filled with the urge to throw something at her. But
now, there was a strange depth in her blue eyes, like she was staring into his soul, like she
knew something.
“You’re acting weird, Sokka.” Katara said, and Sokka felt his hands go clammy, the full force
of his sister’s attention weighing him down.
“Ever since you got back, you’ve been acting weird. Did you and Dad have a fight?” She
asked, and Spirits, she was worried, because that didn’t twist Sokka up inside at all. The last
thing he wanted was to drag Katara into this sooner than he had to.
But being directly asked, being offered a chance to rant and let it all pour out of him, being
prompted to get it off his chest, it was too tempting. Sokka wanted to tell her everything. He
wanted to ask if she remembered that phase Aang went through, after Sokka and Katara got
sick and they had to suck on those horrible frogs, when he would incessantly wonder if there
was a chance they ever could be friends with Zuko. Sokka wanted to ask if she remembered
how they’d turned him down, how Katara had snapped at the prospect, how Sokka just
laughed, because it was laughable, at the time. But for a while there, in the Boiling Rock, it
hadn’t seemed too laughable. For a while, him and Zuko understood each other, and they’d
worked together, and Sokka had thought that, if things were different, he could see the two of
them being friends.
And then Zuko chose the Fire Nation - their ways, their side – and Sokka felt so much about
it that it was hard to pin it all down, but beneath the anger, the shock, the recurring images of
a man bleeding out on the floor, was one thought Sokka couldn’t explain to anyone.
It was just that he felt like such a fool. The one time he’d left on his own with his own
mission, the one time something came down to him and him alone, not the Avatar or his
prodigy sister or the inventor of metalbending, that one time, he let it all go to his head. If you
trust him, so do I. Just say the words. Suki. Someone who didn’t trust easily but who trusted
Sokka in that moment. And he’d taken a chance with Zuko. He'd taken a chance, and Zuko
made a fool of him.
Should have known better, he thought to himself with a sneer. Yeah, that was the one thing
him and Zuko could agree on.
“I’m gonna go hunting for a bit.” Sokka said, shaking his head and moving before Katara,
whose expression seemed to have surpassed concern now, could stop him.
“Sokka-!”
“I’ll be right back.” Sokka called, before throwing a half-hearted grin over his shoulder. “Go
practise your water magic.”
He couldn’t be here. He just needed a moment to breathe, alone. Somewhere he wouldn’t
jeopardise the fragile precipice his family relationships were currently balancing on by
opening his big mouth.

And that was how Sokka found himself on the plateau above the temple, staring at the
treeline of the nearby forest. It wasn’t a particularly exciting treeline, and definitely didn’t
warrant the level of staring that Sokka was giving it, but in his defence, he really hadn’t been
expecting to come up here and be met with a child swinging a dagger around.
“Um... Hello.” Sokka said, and the kid jumped, sloppily turning to Sokka and pointing the
dagger with a shaking hand. He was young, no older than five, wearing black clothes that
looked just slightly too big for him, messy black hair falling into his eyes.
“Who’re you?” The kid asked, trying for tough but losing it a bit to the high pitch of his
young voice. Sokka raised his hands placatingly, taking a few tentative steps forward. There
was a child near a cliff. There was a child near a cliff with a dagger.
Why was there a child near a cliff with a dagger?
“I’m Sokka.” He said, allowing a friendly smile as he managed another step closer. “And you
are?”
Sokka was good with kids, he knew he was. He liked them, they were hilarious by complete
accident and they tended to appreciate him a lot more than the others ever did, and besides,
back home, Sokka had taken care of a lot of the younger boys, raising them to be the tribe’s
future warriors. He learnt how to talk to kids, how to calm them down, and he also learnt how
to make them laugh.
“It’s not an embarrassing name, is it?” Sokka asked when the kid went quiet, clearly debating
whether or not to give Sokka his name. Sokka stopped in front of him, crouching so that they
were eye-level. Spirits, he thought, I better not die because this kid accidentally stabs me.
“Hmm,” Sokka placed a finger to his chin melodramatically, earning an amused smile from
the kid, “embarrassing names... I bet I can think of one for you. I'm great at coming up with
names.”
“Zi Se.” The kid mumbled, lowering the dagger shyly.
“What was that?” Sokka asked, trying not to smile too proudly at the kid’s cooperation.
“It’s Zi Se.” The kid, Zi Se, said, and Sokka nodded, as if contemplating the name.
“Zi Se,” he repeated, “is that embarrassing where you’re from?”
Zi Se laughed brightly, nose crinkling as he shook his head.
“Well, in that case.” Sokka thrust forward his hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Zi Se.”
Zi Se stared at Sokka’s hand, frowning, and it was then Sokka noticed his eyes. A burning
amber, lively and inquisitive like a bird’s. Fire Nation.
What was a Fire Nation child doing at the Western Air Temple?

“Here, grab my elbow and then shake. Water Tribe style.” Sokka said gently, grinning when
the kid’s small hand grasped his arm, the casual greeting seeming fascinating to him.
“How old are you, Zi Se?” Sokka asked, trying to be subtle as he looked him over. That
dagger was Earth Kingdom, and thankfully, it was pretty blunt. It wouldn’t do Sokka or the
kid any damage anytime soon.
“Nearly six.” Zi Se said happily, and Sokka saw a gap in his teeth when he smiled. Sokka
knew Fire Nationers weren’t born evil, but it was still jarring to see, looking into their eyes
and knowing this kid was going to grow up in one of two worlds. The first, this one around
them, full of the Fire Nation’s tyranny and bloodshed. The second, the world where Aang
defeated Ozai and the group of people currently below Sokka’s feet ended the Hundred Year
War.
Sokka was just about to ask Zi Se what he was doing out here alone when someone suddenly
called the kid’s name.
“Coming!” Zi Se shouted back immediately, a strange urgent fondness in his tone, but Sokka
was rooted to the spot, still crouching, staring at the kid in disbelief.
Usually, he’d say he’d misheard, he’d say his thoughts were making him hear things, but that
voice was distinctive. Sokka had never met anyone who sounded like Zuko, with that low,
chilling rasp that seemed so incomprehensible at times and so vulnerable at others. He was
unmissable, in that sense.
Sokka stared at Zi Se, eyes wide as the kid turned a friendly smile back to him.
“It was nice meeting you, Sokka!” He said, and Sokka was back in a storage cupboard,
hearing the words ‘he insists that ‘nearly six’ doesn’t count as five’. This was the kid Zuko
was talking about, and they were at the Western Air Temple. He’s real quiet, but he looks at
you, and you just know he’s smart.
Zi Se ducked back into the treeline, scrambling through the undergrowth and quickly
disappearing from view, and Sokka was utterly immobilised.
Zuko was here.
Zuko was here.
Sokka worked his jaw, unsheathing Boomerang and flexing his fingers, getting a good grip
before he stalked into the forest and quickly followed Zi Se.
Zi Se didn’t exactly make it difficult, snapping every twig in sight as he careened through the
bushes, breaking into a clearing. Sokka hid himself in the shadows of the trees, and from
there he watched. Watched as Zuko turned to Zi Se, expression softening as the kid ran to
him, watched as Zuko mussed the kid’s hair, earning a yelp of surprise in response, watched
as Zuko shook his head and laughed. A low, fleeting sound, a little tired, but for how shortlived it was, it sounded so... free. Zuko was a boy who forced himself behind all these walls,
an enigma Sokka had been desperate to solve, but here in this clearing, thinking he was alone

with just Zi Se, Zuko seemed different. Not calm, that much was obvious by the rigidness of
his shoulders – hidden beneath black fabric, no Fire Nation regalia in sight – but nonetheless
uncannily different.
Still, just because Zuko laughed one time and apparently wasn’t a total asshole to children
didn’t mean that he had any justification for showing up here.
He'd said he wasn’t after Aang anymore, and Sokka had believed him. Sokka wouldn’t be
made a fool twice; he knew Zuko must have followed them here. Spirits, he probably killed
Fong and came straight back here after a nice catch up with his maniacal sister. All in a day’s
work for a Fire Nation royal.
Sokka pushed down all thoughts of terrified golden eyes, all memories of tortured skin, all
instincts still whispering about this stupid boy, and stalked forward.
“I’ll give you this,” Sokka said loudly, and Zuko whirled on him so fast that he stumbled
back a pace, yanking Zi Se behind him, “you’re persistent.”
“Sokka.” Zuko breathed, completely caught off guard, golden eyes flicking over Sokka and
resting on the boomerang held firmly in Sokka’s hand.
“I won’t let you get Aang.” Sokka said, determined as he rooted his stance. Sokka had seen
Zuko fighting in the Boiling Rock, and it left him shaken to say the least. The sporadic,
growly boy with the ponytail that he had grown used to fighting was long gone, leaving this
unpredictable swordsman-slash-blue-fire-wielder in his place. Zuko had his sword, and he
knew how to use it too, and he also had his bending. Sokka only had Boomerang and his
brain, but he’d done more with less before. Zuko had the advantage, but Sokka wouldn’t go
down without a fight.
It helped that he was still so angry.
So there Sokka was, ready for an epic showdown with his rival, ready to finally find an outlet
for all this confusion that had built up within him because of this asshole, and what did Zuko
say?
“Who the fuck is Aang?”
It was silent for a few beats as Sokka tried to figure out if he’d genuinely heard that right,
Zuko just staring owlishly, Zi Se flicking his gaze between the two like he was watching
them play catch.
“Please tell me you’re joking.” Sokka finally blinked in surprise, before scoffing dryly.
“Aang, the Avatar?”
“Oh,” Zuko said, a flush of red creeping up his neck, “oh, no, yeah, I remember.”
Sokka narrowed his eyes, noticing things he hadn’t let himself notice before. Zuko was
refusing to put too much weight on his one leg, and he was pale, paler than normal, his

breathing a little shallow. He had a bust lip that he kept worrying at. Who could possibly have
given that to the prince when he was in his own nation?
He didn’t look good. It was different to how he looked when they bumped into each other at
the Boiling Rock, because that roughness came from the external damage done to his body,
the scars carved into his chest and running over his shoulders and-. Sokka stopped thinking
about it.
But this seemed more internal. Maybe he was sick...
Good, hopefully he’d keel over and stop bothering them all. He'd be easier to beat like this.
Sokka wasn’t going to let his empathy get in his way. He shoved it down, clutching
Boomerang tight enough to almost cut himself. This was Zuko. He'd given him a chance once
before, and he’d thrown it back in his face. He'd made an accomplice out of Sokka, he’d put
blood on Sokka’s hands. Sokka wouldn’t make the same mistake twice.
“You should leave.” Sokka suggested, the threat to his words poorly hidden behind a casual
shrug.
“I’m not here for the Avatar.” Zuko said, and he sounded so disgustingly authentic that it
made Sokka want to punch him for even having the nerve to try and trick him again.
“I don’t believe you.” Sokka said simply, and a wave of frustration rushed over Zuko’s face.
“Look, I need to talk to Hakoda. It's important, it’s about the war-.”
Sokka wasn’t listening. Sokka stopped listening the moment his father’s name fell from
Prince Zuko’s mouth. He'd seen them together in that library, all hushed conversations and
glances that talked of history. He’d seen the way his dad got whenever Zuko was mentioned,
whenever they danced around the topic of it. Tui, Sokka still didn’t know. He still had no
explanation for this side of things, for why Hakoda - a man he idolised – had befriended this
boy who was so clearly evil. And now Zuko was here.
Sokka had always had a taste for theatrics, and he felt a bitter smile, empty and hurt, twist his
face.
“You want to see my dad? Fine, let’s go, Your Highness.”
“I-… what?” Zuko said, frowning, suddenly uncertain, thrown off by Sokka’s change in
attitude. Zi Se looked distressed by now, and it was almost enough to make Sokka put a pin
in his and Zuko’s conversation in order to make sure the kid was alright, but he held his
ground.
“Come on, we can all have a nice catch up. It'll be fun.” Sokka furthered, walking towards
Zuko and grabbing his elbow, yanking the firebender forward. He yanked a little too hard,
and Zuko almost stumbled, but in Sokka’s defence, he was expecting Zuko to do something,
anything. But he didn’t. He didn’t retaliate, he didn’t try and move away from Sokka. He
tensed completely under Sokka’s touch, pupils devouring irises in something that looked an
awful lot like fear for a moment there, but he didn’t fight. Sokka wanted him to fight.

Instead, Zuko just let himself be steered forward.
“Zuko?” Zi Se said, hurrying along after them with wide eyes. Great, now the kid thought
Sokka was an asshole. Fantastic.
“It’s fine, Zi Se.” Zuko said, and there was that tiredness again, like he was just resigned to
being treated like this. It wasn’t right. Zuko didn’t do this. Zuko yelled and threw fire and
was an all-round pain in the ass. He'd been tempered in the Boiling Rock, like a controlled
blaze, set on a single target. Sokka had found out that the target had been Fong that whole
time, and Zuko had let loose in a burning cataclysm the moment he found him.
He wasn’t like that here. Something was wrong, and even through the fabric of Zuko’s
clothes, Sokka noticed the firebender was burning up. Which was... ironic, to say the least.
There was a pun in there somewhere, but Sokka for once wasn’t in the mood. Part of his
mind tried to ration that maybe firebenders naturally ran hotter than normal people, but
Sokka had shared a very enclosed space with the firebender in question, and he had no
memory of Zuko being like this then.
Sokka groaned, letting go of Zuko with an aggressive shove in favour of throwing his hands
in the air in exasperation. He was confused and angry and he hadn’t even made it to the damn
treeline.
“What?!” Sokka yelled, earning a perplexed stare from the other boy, who was
absentmindedly rubbing the spot on his arm where Sokka had previously clamped onto. Zi Se
was pulling on the hem of Zuko’s tunic, desperately trying to get his attention, but Zuko
didn’t look away from Sokka, as if he expected him to lunge if he did. Sokka was tempted to.
“I didn’t say anything.”
“That’s the problem.” Sokka seethed, pointing his boomerang and ignoring the way it made
Zuko flinch. “You’re being weird. You should be going back at me, or... or something.”
Zuko rolled his eyes, a hint of impatience. “You want me to hit you, is that it?” He asked, and
Sokka felt rage spike through him. This jerk should really leave the sarcasm to the
professionals.
“Stop it!” Zi Se shouted, cutting off the clever remark Sokka was about to say as the kid
stomped between them, glaring at both boys. “Stop fighting.”
It cut the atmosphere in half, all the tension and anger that had been building up in a heavy
bubble around them suddenly bursting, because Zi Se sounded so young, so desperate, so
scared, that Sokka actually felt bad, even though it was entirely Zuko’s fault
The sudden lapse of silence, of stilted calm after Sokka had risen to anger so quickly, forced
him to think a moment.
He couldn’t leave Zuko up here, loose like a dangerous animal. He couldn’t beat him in a
fight either. Sokka's initial idea to drag him down to the temple had been spurred by spite, a
need to let out his anger at both Zuko and Hakoda simultaneously, but here, he let himself

take a deep breath. It was the smart decision, as well as the petty one. A win-win. And it
seemed Zuko, still so pliant and refusing to try and evade Sokka, seemed to agree, which was
beyond infuriating.
“You know if we go down there,” Sokka said, tone serious as he stared Zuko down, “you
won’t stand a chance. You're outnumbered, and we have some of the best fighters in the
world all in one small space. You put one toe out of line, you’re done for. Understand?”
Sokka was baiting him, waiting for the quick temper that he was familiar with, waiting for an
excuse to bite back, but Zuko just slid his gaze to the nearby treeline, distant and almost
sluggish.
“I understand.” He said, sounding... sad?
Spirits, Sokka couldn’t be doing with this. Zuko didn’t warrant the effort Sokka was wasting
on him, so why was Sokka overthinking this so much? It didn’t matter why Zuko was acting
like this, only that he was and that it benefited Sokka. He needed to get his shit together.
“Come on, grab your kid.” Sokka said, stomping off and trusting Zuko to at least have the
presence of mind to follow him without doing anything stupid.
“He’s not my kid.” Zuko mumbled, picking Zi Se up and holding him on his hip as if that
was the most normal thing in the world. He didn’t look dangerous at all like that, expression
sullen, a nearly-six-year-old looking happier than anything on his hip, as if Zuko wasn’t an
evil firebender with a body count.
“Rephrase: grab your questionably accumulated kid. Better?” Sokka asked, bitter teasing
radiating from him.
Zuko let the joke fly over his head, nodding seriously. “Better.”
____
The Western Air Temple was far bigger than it seemed from the outside, balustrades hugging
the cliff face and rooms eating into the earth, delving deeper than Hakoda ever considered
before he went exploring with Tomkin and Nanook. Their aim was, officially, to find
somewhere they could set up as a temporary strategy room, and hopefully one that had a
table, but unofficially, Hakoda was a curious soul by nature, and Tomkin and Nanook had had
plenty of time to learn a thing or two about this place before he arrived.
“Sokka’s gone off again.” Nanook pointed out as they turned onto yet another corridor,
trailing his hand against the elegant reliefs in the walls.
“Spirits, if he’s on another fishing trip.” Tomkin flashed a knowing grin at Hakoda, and
Hakoda rolled his eyes. If things were normal between him and Sokka, he’d be furious to find
out his son had left alone and without telling anyone what he was up to. As it was, things
weren’t normal between him and Sokka, and he didn’t know how to fix it. Not until Sokka let
him tell the truth.

“Aside that,” Hakoda said, “how were things?”
Tomkin ducked his head sheepishly, and a small smile grew on Nanook’s lips, blue eyes a
little distant.
“I’d say we did a pretty good job.” Nanook said.
Tomkin scoffed. “We lost a teenager. Like an entire teenager.”
“He came back though, didn’t he?” Nanook teased, but Hakoda could see that he was
compensating even if Tomkin couldn’t. It had been a big burden to place on the boys, but
Hakoda hadn’t had any choice. In his absence, they’d taken care of the kids here, and they’d
done a fine job of it whether they were able to see that or not. Truthfully, Hakoda had
assumed Sokka would be hard to wrangle, given he was the eldest and had been independent
so long. Admittedly, he never could have guessed his son’s instinctive response to authority
would be immediately breaking into a Fire Nation prison alone without telling anyone, but he
guessed he only had his own impulsive genetics to blame.
“That wasn’t your fault. You know that, right?” Hakoda asked, stopping and drawing himself
up, facing the two boys in a way that left no escape. He'd faced Tomkin and Nanook a lot like
this, but usually, it was to tell them off for whatever stupidity they’d gotten up to this time.
Not now though. Now was different.
Tomkin kicked the toe of his shoe into the floor, mumbling; “Should’ve kept a closer eye on
him.”
“I knew he was acting weird. I talked to him about it.” Nanook said, guilt furrowing his brow
as he finally dropped the smug bravado he’d tried to don for Tomkin’s sake.
“You can’t be everything for everybody, Nan.” Hakoda said. “He made his choice. A damn
stupid one, but he made it. You did all you could. And I am so, so proud of both of you.”
The words hung in the air, Tomkin sucking in a breath as his blue eyes finally snapped to
meet Hakoda’s. Outside, Hakoda distantly heard the rest of the camp. Teo and The Duke had
gone off to tentatively try and initiate a friendship with Chit Sang’s group, Kanut had just
finished unpacking supplies in the room he’d found for an infirmary, and the last Hakoda saw
Toph, she was leaving with Haru to do some earthbending. Everyone else was on one of the
platforms, and Katara had been waterbending when Hakoda left with Tomkin and Nanook,
gently teaching the Avatar, a soft look on her face.
But despite the easy sounds of camp life, the air was heavy between the three of them, and
they might as well have been miles away. Nanook's stare was piercing, as if Hakoda’s words
had frozen him in place.
Tomkin swallowed thickly. “You know, Chief, you did all you could too.”
Hakoda hadn’t been expecting that, blinking in surprise before the words bore down on him
like blades. He huffed in a deep breath, pushing down the swarm of stinging emotions
threatening to spill out of him.

“Let’s go explore this temple some more, eh?” Hakoda said, forcing a grin. Tomkin was
quick to take his change in mood, smiling back, but Nanook looked more perceptive for a
moment, before sighing and leading the way.
They were too far away to hear anything out of the ordinary at first, but after a while, even
the heavy rock sitting between them and where they’d left the others wasn’t enough to tune
out the sudden, unignorable sound of... shouting?
“We’ll go tell them to shut up.” Nanook said with a sigh, but Hakoda saw the fond curl to his
small smile. “You keep looking for a strategy room.”
Hakoda couldn’t help but smirk. “Yes, Chief.”
“Ha.” Nanook said dryly.
“After you, Chief Nan.” Tomkin said, gesturing elegantly back down the corridor. Hakoda
watched them go, the idle bickering between the pair. It felt good to be reunited with them, it
felt right. But seeing them as a trio had felt right too. Tomkin, the ball of energy. Nanook, the
voice of reason. Zuko, the quiet one just sharp enough to get them in trouble. The three of
them had reminded Hakoda of his own youth, of days spent with Bato and Kanut.
Hakoda sighed around the ache within him. He knew how it felt to miss someone. He'd done
this all before. Sometimes, he wondered if his whole life would be this way. Him never doing
enough, the people he loved suffering for it. He blamed himself. For all of it. For Kya, for
Tomkin’s parents, for Sokka and Katara having to leave, for his men being imprisoned, for
losing Zuko.
Hakoda was a leader. Leaders made decisions. This was the responsibility that crushed him
when those decisions turned out to be wrong.
He would shoulder this burden. Always.
____
There was a thin set of stairs hugging the cliff face, leading down to the main temple, and
Zuko held Zi Se tight as he made the precarious journey down, not trusting his state of mind
right now. He felt fine, and he could stay standing perfectly fine, but there was a sluggishness
to his movements, a fuzz tinting the edges of his vision, unaided by how unbearably warm he
was. It felt like Zuko was only fine because he was forcing himself to be, and the moment he
relaxed even the smallest part of himself, it would all come tumbling down.
He stared at Sokka’s back, the tension there, the way his boomerang’s scabbard moved with
his shoulder blades, needing something, anything to focus on. The other teenager had been
uncharacteristically quiet, and it was somehow so indubitably different to how things were
between them at the Boiling Rock. Sokka saw what Zuko did, and he hated him. He'd always
hated him, but this hatred surpassed a teenage grudge into the realms of genuine contempt.
Zuko didn’t mind though. He deserved it. This was his sentence. He didn’t regret what he did,
which meant he deserved to be hated for it.

Zuko was jolted from his thoughts when Sokka froze. He hadn’t realised the extent of the
daydreams he’d had running through his head, intricate imaginations of how this moment
would pan out, expectations of shouting and bitter reunions, until Sokka stopped walking,
Zuko absentmindedly putting down Zi Se and letting the kid duck shyly behind his leg.
There, right before Zuko, was the Western Air Temple. He'd walked right in like it was
nothing, distracted by his own cloudy mind and leaving himself no time to prepare. It was too
late to turn back now.
They were on a wide platform, flat and cutting off dramatically into the ravine, a large arch
on the opposite edge leading into the main room of the temple. Zuko smelled smoke from a
campfire, saw the evidence of inhabitance in the form of messy bedrolls and dirty bowls, and
the cause of it all was spelled out before him, clear as day.
There were eight people out here, and Zuko’s mind gave him the small mercy of slowly
taking them in one at a time. He saw Suki first, given away by the quick jump her hands
made to her fans, not raising them yet, but holding them firm, eyes wide. She was the closest
to him, leaning against the rocky wall, previously casual stance abandoned with graceful
efficiency. She’d been watching Katara and the Avatar as they trained in the clearing before
her. Zuko hadn’t seen Katara in months, not since the pirate incident, and the sight of her here
made him want to shrink into himself. She looked far more at ease than she had then, flicking
water around her wrist, and Zuko turned rigid at the sight, feeling just how vulnerable he’d
truly made himself. She hadn’t noticed him yet, too focussed on directing the Avatar into a
better bending stance.
And there he was. The Avatar. Zuko expected something, anything, but when he looked at
him, all he felt was a sadness curling deep within him. He'd hated this boy, he’d hunted him,
and then he saved him. But now, all the Avatar represented was three years of Zuko’s life lost
to his father’s cruelty. Do you think we could have been friends? It started all this, in a way.
There were others, five men sat before the far wall, a few sharpening weapons, one leaning
back on his elbows as if he was trying to drink in Agni’s light, the one furthest away
captivated by a heavy looking book. Zuko didn’t want to look, wasn’t brave enough to, but at
the same time, he couldn’t keep himself away, golden eyes sliding over them one by one.
Kanut, on the end with a book, freshly-shaven and reading with the same unblinking ferocity
he’d turned on Zuko in the library. I can help him. He'd sounded so sure.
Zuko didn’t know the man sunbathing, letting his gaze jump over him; he had more pressing
matters at hand than trying to wrack his swimming thoughts for a name. Those matters at
hand coming in the form of Chena, Aput and Tulok, sat together and chatting easily about
something Zuko couldn’t hear, broken up only by Chena’s ridiculously loud laugh, which
Zuko thought he would probably hear from a mile away. Seeing Kanut jolted something in
Zuko, but he’d seen the man barely a week ago.
But these three... it had been months. They sat there so casually, like their presence wasn’t
making Zuko’s hands shake. Chena, whose refusal to trust him made it all the more
significant when he did. Aput, whose deep blue gaze had watched over him every day he was
on deck. Tulok, whose understanding had led to Zuko’s.

And now, they would hate him. They would look up and they would hate him, and Zuko
thought he’d be strong enough to handle that, but he wasn’t so sure now.
“Sokka, you’re back.” Suki said, almost... timid, but Zuko could see the way she was flicking
her gaze between the teenager at Zuko’s side and the rest of the warriors, trying to get their
attention.
“Did you find anything?” Katara asked, water whooshing into the air upon her command,
completely absorbed in her bending.
Sokka threw a hollow, cocky look to Zuko; “You could say that.”
There was something in his tone, something a little on the edge of frantic, and Zuko shouldn’t
have been surprised when Kanut flicked up his icy stare.
Their eyes met. Zuko swallowed and held his ground. A book snapped shut and it might as
well have been as loud as an explosion for what it did to Zuko’s nerves. The silence lasted
seconds, a dizzy pause. To Zuko, it was an eternity.
“Well,” Kanut finally said, and his lips curled up, “you look like shit.”
Zuko choked on a scoff, surprised, winded, and muttered a weak; “You’re not much of a sight
yourself.”
Everyone turned to him when he spoke, like his voice was enough to make gazes flinch to the
source, and there was a moment of stunned silence, Chena’s jaw going slack and Tulok
dropping the whetstone he’d been holding, Katara gasping before sharpening water into ice
shards around her, and then, the silence was broken, and it was broken by the person Zuko
least expected would want to talk to him.
“Zuko!” The Avatar cried, grinning. Agni, he looked relieved. He looked relieved to the point
of ridiculousness, like Zuko was water in a desert.
“I’m so glad you’re okay!” The Avatar continued babbling. “After the last time I saw you...
and then you just disappeared, it was like something bad had happened. And I asked and
asked Iroh but he always turned so sad when I brought you up. I thought something terrible
had happened... But now you’re here!”
Zuko was struggling to concentrate on the fluttery Avatar, the weight of the Water Tribe
warrior’s stares heavy on him as they figured out what to do next. What were they thinking?
Zuko fretfully kept his eyes, confused and perplexed, on the Avatar, who bounced on his
heels energetically.
“What is he doing here?” Katara hissed, saving Zuko from having to answer as she looked to
her brother, jerking an angry chin.
“Says he’s got ‘information on the war’.” Sokka said, sceptical and languid, but his eyes were
too sharp for his nonchalance to be genuine.

“Stop saying that like I'm lying.” Zuko said quietly, if only to say something, because Kanut
was still staring at him, and Aput and Tulok were frozen in place, and Zuko knew realistically
they’d only had a few seconds to take in the information that he was here, after four months,
he was here, but- oh Agni, Chena was moving.
The big warrior stomped forward, and Zuko swore he’d somehow gotten taller, grey eyes
narrowed, almost glaring, a ferocity to his movements that saw Sokka jumping back when he
finally stopped a pace away from Zuko, close enough for Zuko to have to tip his head back a
little to look him stubbornly in the eye, Zi Se clinging to his leg in fear.
Chena’s hair had been pulled back, intricate braids woven into the brown strands juxtaposing
the harsh plains of his face. He was all aggression, he always had been, with a scruffy chin
and a scar above his eyebrow delivered from Zuko’s own knuckles, broad shoulders that
could knock grown men into the dirt. But he wasn’t so bad, and Zuko had created a fragile
understanding with him, because for a moment, months ago, they were the only two on that
mainmast, and the lightning was terrifying but Zuko was willing to bear it for him, for them,
for this.
And now, Chena stood before him. After all this time, they were all within reach.
“Chena?" Aput asked tentatively, and Zuko realised Aput and Tulok had gotten to their feet,
slowly approaching where Zuko and Chena stared each other down. Chena's grey eyes were
imploring, flickering between Zuko’s unblinking own, searching for something, something
Zuko didn’t have. He knew what anger looked like on this man, hatred too. He didn’t know
this though. Chena wasn’t sticking to the script Zuko had concocted. In his mind, they’d all
been outraged at his nerve to show up here, a prince in the ashes of his ancestor’s genocide,
blood still dripping from his own hands. In his mind, Chena struck out at him, maybe a quick
punch, or a regression to their introduction; a machete.
So when Chena blinked first, when Chena broke into a teeth-bared, half-wild grin, when
Chena grabbed Zuko’s arm, locking on his elbow, Zuko’s own hand mimicking in a style
familiarised to him by Tomkin and Nanook on a ship deck – Water Tribe style, Zuko felt like
he was drowning. This wasn’t supposed to happen, but Chena held him so tight, letting loose
a whooping laugh before his free hand knotted into the fabric at Zuko’s shoulder,
aggressively finding purchase like he still couldn’t quite believe it.
“You son of a bitch.” Chena was saying, shaking his head. “You stubborn, idiotic, infuriating
son of a bitch.”
And it was like Aput and Tulok had been waiting for that, waiting for the wild card to decide
what to do with the mess Zuko had just shoved at their feet, because they surged forward.
“Your hair!” Aput said, gently mussing the black locks in question and making Zuko duck
away, managing to use that as an excuse to slip from Chena’s iron grip.
“Never mind his hair,” Tulok hissed, and Zuko almost flinched when he saw the warrior’s
eyes were teary. Logically, he knew Tulok had always been soft at heart, but he’d been
expecting hatred from all of them, not... this. “why do you have a kid?”

Zuko had felt submerged ever since the Avatar addressed him with a smile, water heavy
around his ears, heartbeat pumping at a deafening volume. He was choking on each wave of
information, desperately trying to navigate the dark waters, screaming why into the emptiness
and coughing up fear and confusion each time. But the question, the reminder of Zi Se still
clinging to Zuko so firmly, was buoying, if only for a moment before the waves crashed
again.
“It’s... a long story.” Zuko said, looking down to Zi Se and offering him a comforting smile.
The kid looked beyond intimidated, surrounded by men who must seem like giants to him,
but he trusted Zuko to keep him safe.
“I don’t understand.” Katara muttered, staring with wide eyes, looking accusingly between
the three warriors and Zuko.
“Oh good, I thought it was just me.” Said the warrior who had been sunbathing before. Zuko
didn’t know him, but he’d stood up by now, watching the scene before him with a raised
eyebrow, muscled arms crossed over his chest. He had black hair that fell just past his
shoulders, and despite his nonchalant aura, his stare was piercing.
Zuko still felt dizzy, leg throbbing with each beat of his racing heart, and it was affecting his
filter. He knew, in some dusty crevice of his mind, that the Avatar was called Aang. He'd
stashed it away as another bit of information to aid his hunt. That didn’t mean he hadn’t
completely blanked when Sokka said it earlier, and when usually he’d be internally
screaming at himself to figure out who Sokka meant, he instead just let the question – sharp
and confused, ‘who the fuck is Aang?’ - tumble messily from his mouth.
He hadn't learned, clearly, because he looked at the warrior and said; “You’re new.”
Kanut barked out a laugh, amusement only growing when the man beside him gasped in
offence.
“Me?” The man hissed, affronted. “You’re new.”
“Okay, can someone please tell me what’s going on?!” Katara shouted, looking helplessly for
anyone with answers, her hatred for Zuko waning into desperate confusion.
It was the perfect opportunity to grasp at some semblance of calm. Zuko had questions
himself, namely wondering why no one had tried to get rid of him yet, why him showing up
here had been met with nothing but relief, why Kanut was so damn quiet. It would also give
him the opportunity to stress that he was here to deliver information. He couldn’t stay. He
wouldn’t. He made a decision; he wasn’t going to be their burden anymore. Now, spurred by
Katara’s question, it would make sense for everyone to just take a breath and figure out where
they stood.
Instead, two more people rounded the corner, a complaint on their lips that they choked on
when they saw Zuko, and Zuko stopped breathing altogether.
Tomkin and Nanook were never far apart, determined by shameless laughter and warm
comradery. Zuko knew them sober with scars and cold hair beads, he knew them drunk with

alcohol-sweet smiles, he knew them fearful of him, friendly to him, he knew the way Tomkin
always sat a little too close to people, he knew the way Nanook watched those he cared about
and how it felt the day that careful gaze started to include him.
They had been his friends. The month was short, but it taught Zuko everything. And these
two... they taught him how to be a teenager, how to have fun, how to love and be loved in
turn, even if it never got a chance to solidify.
The last time Zuko saw them, it had been tense, uncomfortable. Nanook was playing
peacemaker and Tomkin was sulking. You're his friend. Friends don’t abandon each other
after one little disagreement. How was murder for a disagreement, throwing all of their
teachings back in their face to choose hatred? Zuko suddenly felt grateful for the way Chena,
Aput and Tulok had crowded around him, shrinking into their shadows, as if he could hide.
Was it shame or cowardice? Did it matter?
Tomkin’s eyes were wide, dragging agonisingly slowly over Zuko, and Nanook’s hand had
flown to his face, hovering there in shock. Zuko waited, paralysed – the caribou-yak at the
end of the spear, the fox-antelope at the end of the dagger.
“You’re here.” Tomkin finally uttered, words barely more than a breath.
And then he was moving, and Nanook snapped out of it to follow a pace behind, and it took
Zuko right until the last moment to realise what was happening, having barely a second to
quickly root his feet before Tomkin crashed against him. It was all arms, Nanook following
quickly, limbs locking around each other and just holding there. Zuko let out a choked breath,
partly in relief and partly the air being forcibly knocked from his ribs in a painful clatter, but
he couldn’t bring himself to care. He didn’t care about the ache in his bones or the part of his
mind that was screaming against every point of his skin that was touched and restrained. He
didn’t care, because Tomkin and Nanook were here, Tomkin crying into his shoulder and
Nanook grasping onto Zuko’s tunic. Carefully, Zuko hugged back, letting himself sink into
the smell of salt that always seemed to cling to the tribesmen no matter how long they were
away from sea. He didn’t understand. None of it made sense, none of it stuck to the course
he’d planned out in his head. He hugged them back like they were about to be torn from him,
desperately, animalistic, because this made no sense, and it couldn’t last. Things like this
never lasted.
“I don’t understand." Zuko whispered, wide-eyed and winded. “I thought you’d be angry.”
“Oh, you idiot.” Nanook groaned, smiling when he pulled back.
They managed to untangle from each other, but Tomkin’s hand stayed firmly on Zuko’s
shoulder, holding him in place like he expected him to vanish. His blue eyes were redrimmed and demanding when they snapped to Zuko’s.
“Please tell me,” Tomkin spoke quietly, like he was scared of the answer, “that you haven’t
spent this whole time thinking I was angry with you.”
Zuko had. Of course he had. It had been a certainty until all of five minutes ago, something
he hadn’t even thought to reconsider. Of course they would be angry, if not for the obvious,

then for how they left things. Zuko, tarnishing the friendship they’d given so easily. Zuko,
storming off without saying goodbye. He was the one who made this bitter, he was the one
who set it on fire, and he’d thought about it every day for four months.
Everyone was staring, and Zuko somehow still had the presence of mind to blush, ducking
his head and making it look like he was just checking on Zi Se, who grabbed his hand
territorially. Zuko heaved in a sigh, managing a weak; “It would be okay if you were.”
“But we’re not.” Nanook said, his sudden vehemence making Zuko’s mind go blank. “We’re
not angry. We never were. You're with us now. That's what matters.”
It sounded an awful lot like safety, and it made Zuko want to collapse into it.
“But...” Katara stammered, finally too horrified to keep quiet. “He’s Prince Zuko!”
Tomkin plastered on a shaky grin for her. "Exactly."
Zuko felt... jaded, like this was all noise above the water’s surface and he was still thrashing
beneath it all.
“If you’ve all got your hugs and kisses out the way,” Kanut said with a pointed look, “can we
please address the child.”
“Weirdly enough, I don’t think the kid is the most pressing part of this.” Sokka said, and it
made Zuko flinch. There was something deeply unsettling about a boy so obnoxiously loud
going quiet for so long, simply watching, eyes far too perceptive for Zuko’s liking. It didn’t
help that he knew Sokka was smart.
Chena looked at Zi Se for a long moment, long enough that the kid ducked behind Zuko’s leg
again, before asking, delicate as ever; "He yours?”
“No, he’s not mine, you idiot.” Zuko hissed, making Aput snicker.
Chena threw up his hands. “Fuck, you just got back and I already want to punch you.”
Zuko hated that he tensed at the threat, remembering Spider’s voice, violence-soaked. He
shook the thought away, opening his mouth to go back at Chena.
Whatever shitty response he had got cut off by a shrill; “Prickly?!”
____
Toph had been with Haru, teaching him some of her more refined earthbending skills in a
sturdier part of the temple so they wouldn’t accidentally topple the place. Toph liked Haru.
He was quiet, but not in a shy sense, more in a thoughtful sense. He also thought Toph was
really cool what with the whole seeing-with-earthbending gig, and Toph liked when her
coolness was appreciated. It could go criminally underrated sometimes.
They hadn’t been alone long, which is to say, Toph left the rest of the idiots alone for barely
an hour, and suddenly, she felt heartrates spiking, some running, and two extra beats.

Admittedly, she was pretty far away from everyone now, and was only still in-tune with them
all because she’d been bending, but Toph’s trust in herself was unshakable.
Something was wrong.
Now, when Toph said ‘something was wrong’, that meant she was expecting crazy Fire
Princesses or sinking libraries or the damn Dai Li. When she instead rounded the corner into
the clearing and felt, well, nothing out of the ordinary, she turned rigid. Toph pressed her feet
deeper into the earth. No one had noticed her arrival just yet, which gave her a few sweet
seconds to just observe.
There were two newcomers. One was undoubtedly a child. Toph could always tell. Kids were
lighter, and their tiny hearts raced in a weird way, like wingbeats from the small birds Toph
remembered from the Beifong estate. The other was a teenager, lithe and with a rooted stance
that said they felt threatened... or defensive... or...
Toph frowned. They were being weird. They were standing weird and breathing weird and
their heart said they were scared, confused, not aggressive.
And then they spoke, a distinctly masculine voice coming out as an impatient hiss, hoarse
and deep and unmistakable. Toph was good at remembering voices. The same way other
people remembered faces, Toph remembered voices, able to pick them out no matter how
brief she’d heard them, no matter how long ago. And Prickly’s voice had been distinctive
even before he gave her a reason to lock it into memory.
“No, he’s not mine, you idiot.” Prickly was saying – rather, snarling - and Toph just stood
there, unmoving. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing, but it checked out. It explained
why Tomkin and Nanook were freaking out, why everyone else seemed so perplexed. But it
just... Prickly was a guy Toph met once. Only once. But he’d been funny, and he didn’t tiptoe
around her, and he’d chatted with her in a time when she had no other friends. That wasn’t
the case anymore, but Prickly... he’d left his mark. It didn't help that the dumbass went
missing, and that his other friends happened to be part of the chief’s crew. Toph didn’t
believe in fate, couldn’t hear about destiny from Aang. She was an earthbender; she directed
her own paths. But she’d met Prickly in the street by chance that day, and he refused to be
smothered since, cropping up in everyone’s minds whenever it was most inconvenient. Toph
didn’t have any right to be worried about him, and she hadn’t been worried about him.
Obviously. That would be stupid.
But he was here now, and she couldn’t explain the burst of wild relief that shot through her.
“Prickly?” Toph shouted, her voice cutting through the tension of the clearing, and she felt
heads turn to her. Toph just firmly held her hands to her hips.
Prickly stammered a moment. “Priss...?” He uttered, so quiet Toph was sure only her
incredible hearing caught it, but it made her grin all the same; a confirmation. Prickly must
have caught on, because he exhaled sharply, just as shocked as her.
“What are you doing here?” He asked, and great, now the idiot sounded soft, like he was
happy to see her. She couldn’t blame him, of course, but Toph was just happy he wasn’t dead.

They didn’t need to get all emotional about it.
“I’m teaching Aang earthbending. What are you doing here?” Toph threw back, shaking her
head, still grinning.
“Toph,” Katara snapped, “he’s the Fire Prince.”
Okay so, that one did catch Toph off guard. She'd pondered endlessly about Prickly’s true
identity, about Tomkin and Nanook’s strange anonymity whenever they talked about the guy,
as if he was an important person or something. Famous. Toph had thought of nobles and
ministers, warriors and chieftains. She'd been thinking in the realms of ‘important members
of society’, but the Fire Nation royal family hadn’t crossed her mind. Obviously. Because
they were, you know, the Fire Nation royal family.
But Toph held her tongue a moment, thinking this over. So Prickly was the Fire Prince. She'd
heard all the stories about the guy – shit, what was his name? Zuzu? - but she also knew he
hadn’t bothered them in months, and Toph had met him and liked him, and besides, that made
him Iroh’s nephew, and Iroh was a good guy. A good guy, who was a member of the Fire
Nation royal family, thus proving they weren’t inherently evil pieces of shit.
The Water Tribe warriors had good instincts, brilliant even, though she wouldn’t tell it to
Sokka, and Toph trusted her own judgement. This boy, whether Prickly or Fire Prince, passed
her test.
“Oh,” Toph said, snickering, “so you’re the guy they keep whinging about. It checks out.”
Toph heard Katara spluttering, and yeah, she’d be getting an earful about that later, and she
might even deserve it this time, but Prickly’s heart was being weird. The guy was scared, and
not in the normal way. There was some emotional baggage here, stuff that didn’t involve
Toph or Katara.
“Zuko,” so not Zuzu then, noted, “how is it that you know just about everyone here?”
Nanook asked, exasperated.
“He knows the Blue Spirit too.” Sokka said charmingly, after being quiet way too long for
Sokka, and he sounded smug, spiteful, even when Pr-Zuko elbowed him in the ribs.
Aang’s heartrate, out of everyone’s, was the one that spiked a little there, and Tomkin gasped.
"Shut up, do you actually?”
“Who is it?” Suki asked, intrigued, and Toph was a little too. She'd heard a lot about the Blue
Spirit, mainly from Sokka who blatantly had a crush on the poor guy, and Toph didn’t like
not knowing things.
Zuko shifted, uncomfortable, and turned to Aang. “You didn’t tell them?”
Aang was quiet for approximately one whole second, before bursting.
“I didn’t know how!” He exploded, nervous and... apologetic? “They weren’t feeling great
anyway and then we didn’t see you for ages and I just couldn’t face it!”

“Face what?” Katara asked softly, because when Aang got all loud it was okay, but when
Toph and Sokka did it they were ‘annoying’ and ‘attracting attention from local authorities.’
“Wait,” Kanut said suddenly, voice quiet, as if he’d been watching this whole time and was
just now connecting something together, "wait, Zuko, are you serious?”
“What? Serious about what?” Tomkin whined, and Toph could feel the way he was flicking
his head between Zuko and Kanut.
Kanut wasn’t listening, clearly still coming to terms with the conclusion he’d just come to.
“You're the Blue Spirit?!”
“There it is.” Sokka said, a biting grin in his words.
Yeah, Toph hadn’t seen that one coming either.
____
Hakoda kept exploring when Tomkin and Nanook left, trusting them to sort out whatever
argument the kids had gotten themselves into, and he’d delved deeper into the temple. It was
beautiful, in a dead sense, like a memorial. What happened here was a tragedy, through and
through, each corner whispering the smell of blood, of injustice. Hakoda had been deep in
thought when he found the room, thinking about Aang, the last airbender, how it must feel for
him to be here. Hakoda had seen the way Aang and Katara looked at each other. There was
something going on there. Hakoda prided himself on not being a pushy father. He trusted his
kids. They were capable, and they’d had to prove that more than ever these past few years.
They could keep each other safe, but their personal lives, their hearts – that was something
Hakoda still held close. He hadn’t been able to protect them these past two years, but he was
here now. It was quickly apparent that his authority had lost its authenticity; how could he
order them around when he was the one to abandon them to ruling themselves? And Sokka
was sixteen now, which meant the most Hakoda could do was eye him whenever he was with
Suki.
Katara though... Katara was only fourteen, and keeping her from getting hurt in an emotional
sense was one right Hakoda still had as a father. So he’d been critical of the Avatar, and he’d
planned to be tough on the kid. Nothing mean, but Bato said Hakoda was ‘testing’ Aang, and
maybe he was. Katara deserved someone incredible, and Hakoda would be a terrible father if
he didn’t try even a little bit to oversee that.
It was hard to scrutinise Aang when he was here though. The kid was twelve. Technicality
could throw that haunting ’one-hundred-and-twelve' at Hakoda all it liked; he still saw an
energetic boy who couldn’t even grow stubble yet. He was a child, and he was walking
around these dead corridors with the weight of the world on his shoulders, and he still had it
in him to smile.
That’s where Hakoda’s mind had been as he explored, until he walked into a tiny room
looking out over the ravine and stopped in his tracks.

Someone had already been here. There was paper strewn everywhere, candles burned down
to the floor, wax solidified in little puddles around them. Hakoda frowned, crouching and
skimming his fingers over the paper, taking in the words they read. Fire Nation. Prisoners of
war. Capital City Prison. Shuhon Prison.
The Boiling Rock.
Hakoda flinched away like he’d been burned. This was Sokka. It had Sokka written all over it
- the organised chaos, the lists, the meticulous, exhaustive planning. Sokka had done this, and
he’d done it for Hakoda. He'd done it alone, and he’d still pulled it off.
Spirits, Hakoda just wanted to talk to him, to explain, to understand.
He was snapped from his thoughts by shouting, louder than before, loud enough to reach this
far into the temple. It was fascinating, how voices carried in these old corridors. Wearily,
Hakoda got to his feet. If it wasn’t quieting down after Tomkin and Nanook’s intervention,
then the odds were that it was less a petty argument going on out there and more an almostfight. Probably Chena.
It didn’t take long for Hakoda to find his way out, squinting in the sunlight and shifting the
sword between his shoulder blades to sit more comfortably. As soon as he was out of the
shelter of the building, he was bombarded by the sound of shouting.
“You are so lucky I’m in a good mood!” Tomkin yelled, hands in his hair as he shook his
head in disbelief.
Nanook, beside him, was laughing. “Spirits, all that stuff you said to him about the Blue
Spirit and it was him the whole time.”
“You aren’t helping!” Tomkin groaned, shoving the older boy.
“I can’t believe you never told us!” Katara whirled on Aang, hands on her hips with a glare
angry enough to make grown warriors step back.
The Avatar looked cornered. "Well, Toph was friends with him this whole time and she never
told us!"
“I never knew his name! It doesn’t count, twinkletoes!”
"The Blue Spirit.” Kanut looked like he was about to whack his head against the wall.
Bato nodded in agreement, impressed. “The Blue Spirit. Not bad.”
“Just another example of why he can’t be trusted." Sokka said, glare surprisingly hateful. “He
lied to you, and you all believed it.”
“Please,” Aput scoffed, turning to Tulok, “remember the rum incident?”
Tulok laughed. “ ‘Espionage mission’.”

“He’s the worst liar I've ever met.” Chena concurred, scoffing.
“Not necessarily.” Toph was leaning against the wall, an amused smirk on her face. “’I’m
with the Water Tribe’, I see what you did there, Sparky.”
A raspy voice sounded from behind Chena’s looming form, dry and confused, like he was
tentatively trying to find where he stood in the conversation. "Prickly, now Sparky. Have you
got a problem with using people’s names?”
The arguing continued, getting louder the longer it was allowed to go on, but Hakoda zoned
out, focussing only on that voice, on the boy that stepped into view as he stooped down to
pick up a child.
He looked the same as he did in the library, but also, not at all. The ash was gone from his
hair, the blood splatters missing from his face, and there was a nasty looking cut on his lip
that made Hakoda’s stomach roil. He was wearing all black clothes, the fabric a little heavy
on his thin form, and he had a kid on his hip, the little boy resting his head on his shoulder
like it was the safest place in the world.
But still, it was Zuko. The same Zuko Hakoda marched down to Kanut’s infirmary all those
months ago, the same Zuko who balled Hakoda’s furs into fists when he hugged him, like he
didn’t know how to hold things without breaking them, like he was trying so hard to be
gentle but couldn’t quite figure it out yet, because he’d never been shown, the same Zuko
who stood completely alone as he drove a sword into a guilty man’s chest, and no one, not
Hakoda nor Kanut nor Iroh, did enough to help him. It had been a selfish fear, but beneath the
fear of what would happen to Zuko now, beneath the fear of what had already happened to
Zuko, there was the fear that Hakoda wouldn’t get any more than this. The fear that he’d been
given a piece of Zuko, a brilliant, blinding piece that he’d held close and learnt to care for,
and that was it now. No more. Hakoda hadn’t done enough in that library, and he’d been so
terrified that he’d never get the chance to make things right, to do better, to be better, to have
more time.
And now, Zuko was here, and relief hit Hakoda like a punch to the gut.
Zuko saw Hakoda the same time Hakoda saw him, and for a few seconds, they held each
other’s stare. The argument continued, Sokka now shouting at Tomkin and Aang, of all
people, beginning to quietly defend Zuko. But Zuko didn’t react, like this had been going on
a while and he’d tuned them out. He just stared, those golden eyes burning into Hakoda.
Hakoda had once been unsettled by them. That gold... it was undeniable. Fire Nation, flametouched and blood-stained. It had taken him and Zuko a lot to move them both past that, but
they had. Blood is thicker than water, but you can swim or drown in either. They'd overcome
it before. They would overcome it again.
“Say something.” Zuko said, voice strangled, but it still silenced the argument going on
around him. Zuko could do that, when he wanted to. He made his voice one that was listened
to, one that was born to command a nation. He didn’t even notice.
Everyone turned to see Hakoda, and what had once been a peculiar atmosphere of overjoyed
relief mixed with outrage suddenly became an atmosphere of tension, uncertainty.

They were waiting for the chief’s call.
“You’ve got a kid.” Hakoda said, allowing a small smile. “He yours?”
Chena laughed, Tulok rolled his eyes, and the tension fell like a downpour. Hakoda was
grinning now, taking a few strides to stand in front of Zuko, placing a gentle hand to the
boy’s shoulder and holding on. He wouldn’t be letting go anytime soon. Not again.
“I thought you’d hate me, after what I did.” Zuko whispered, eyes wide, scared. It had been a
long time since he looked at Hakoda like that. “I'm just here to tell you about an attack that’s
coming. Then I'll-.”
“Zuko,” Hakoda said softly, giving his shoulder a squeeze, grounding the firebender in place,
“when is this attack?”
Zuko blinked in surprise. “During Sozin’s Comet.”
Hakoda nodded, before moving his hand to clasp the back of Zuko’s head, staring him down
with all the determination, all the savage protectiveness, all the agonised love of a father.
“Then it can wait.”
____
Pain becomes interesting upon certain intensities. In some ways, a scratch sings louder than a
haemorrhage. Logically, the more pain the body is put under, the more it reacts, but Zuko
knew better. There reaches a point, the point of agony, where it all dulls out into white noise,
like floating face down, muffled. Present, but detached. Pain becomes the constant state, as if
there had never been a time before or after.
Sometimes, when Zuko was dragged back into the main cell, the pain would pulse through
him in the aftermath of a wound, but still, he’d float in that strange white noise. For all
intents and purposes, the blade was still cutting, the fire still burning. It still screamed in its
intensity. Because that’s what pain did. That's what Fong did. He made it so Zuko couldn’t
tell pain from painless, injury from isolation, danger from safety. It all became one constant
and he couldn’t get out of it.
But as he stood beneath Agni’s blistering rays with the tribesmen around him, Zuko felt...
sobered. It was the moment he got out of Fong’s base all over again, squinting up at the sky.
It had hurt, and it was blinding, and it was all far, far too much. But for the first time in a long
time, he was being overwhelmed by something good.
The others had subconsciously swarmed around him, until there was a cluster of people so
blatantly in Zuko’s space that it felt a little like he was back in the cell. There was a wall to
Zuko’s side, part of the arch leading into the main temple, and he was desperate to move
closer. He needed something to lean on. He settled for just putting Zi Se down again, ridding
himself of at least one weight.
The kid pouted up at him unhappily. “You said not long. It's too busy here. I don’t like it.”

Zuko just held Zi Se’s hand, giving his small fingers a tight squeeze. There was nothing he
could say here, with so many potential listeners. Honesty came so easily with Zi Se, but so
did deceit. The truth was, this was actually a hearing. The truth was, there were a dozen faces
waiting to decide what to do with him. The truth was, every second that passed made Zuko’s
limbs feel heavier and heavier. He was exhausted, his mind slow, and he just didn’t know
what was happening. He couldn’t tell Zi Se that, so he said nothing at all.
“Why don’t you start by telling us about Sozin’s Comet?” Hakoda said, voice so infuriatingly
patient, like he’d be there for Zuko no matter what. Unconditional. It made Zuko shiver. He
couldn’t let himself believe such a thing.
Zuko swallowed, hating how everyone’s attention turned to him. Tomkin and Nanook were
the closest to Zuko now, almost flanking him, and the other Water Tribe warriors weren’t far
away. Hakoda stood before Zuko, Sokka and Katara coming to stand at his sides and the rest
of their group – Priss included, or Toph as she was actually called – crowded around them.
Sokka's gaze was heavy, watching Zuko’s every move, still holding his boomerang like he
was just wating for an opportunity to use it. Katara was much the same, hand on her
waterskin. Zuko couldn’t blame them.
“You already know about the comet then? What it’ll do?” Zuko asked, remembering learning
about the Great Comet, the power it wielded, how Sozin used that to wipe out the Air
Nomads. The temple hung knowingly over Zuko’s head, and he felt guilty.
“Roku told us.” The Avatar said, like that was a sentence that made sense. Zuko stared,
confused, before opting to ignore that for now.
“Yes, well, the last time a Fire Lord was able to harness such power,” Zuko continued, “he
used it to start a war. This time, my father wants...” Zuko’s gaze fell to his hands, picturing
flames dancing over them, imaging everything that fire could do, everything it would do if
they didn’t stop it. “He’s going to wipe out the Earth Kingdom.”
The group sucked in a collective breath, a few curses slipping people’s mouths. Hakoda
didn’t flinch, but Zuko had learned months ago how to notice uncertainty on the chief. It was
in the way his eyes narrowed, the way he worked his jaw.
“But that means...” Aang started, frowning in horror. “I’ll definitely have to face Ozai before
the comet comes.” He turned frantic. “But- But I can’t even firebend yet!”
“You’re assuming Zuko’s telling the truth.” Sokka hissed, and it caught Zuko so off guard
that all he could do was blink in surprise. He’d been ready for them to hate him, to send him
packing the moment he delivered the information, but accusing him of lying? He hadn’t
prepared for that.
Which meant his first response was, regrettably, anger.
“You’re right.” Zuko scoffed coldly, glaring at Sokka. “I just travelled all the way from
Caldera to warn you about this, lying to my family and having to avoid both Fire Nation and
Earth Kingdom soldiers to get here, just because I thought it would be hilarious to make this
shit up. You got me.”

With a messed-up leg and a five-year-old, he left unsaid.
Sokka didn’t back down, voice a poisonous hiss. “I wouldn’t put it past you.”
“Sokka,” Katara started slowly, like she hated that she was saying this, “it would be a pretty
pointless thing to do. I mean, he gains nothing from lying about it-.”
“You’re taking his side?!” Sokka squawked, eyebrows shooting up his forehead.
Zuko tuned out of the siblings’ bickering, distracted by the sudden weight against his good
leg. He looked down to see Zi Se leaning against him. The kid could barely keep his eyes
open, exhausted. Zuko couldn’t blame him; they’d walked all the way from the White Lotus
camp, and this past hour had been eventful to say the least. Zuko allowed a small smile,
carding his fingers through Zi Se’s dark hair absentmindedly.
He didn’t realise it had gone quiet until he looked up and saw everyone staring at him, and
his smile fell, defensive. Katara’s eyes were soft as she looked at Zi Se, and Sokka... Sokka
wore an expression Zuko couldn’t name, blue eyes flicking from the kid to Zuko, lips parted.
“What?” Zuko spat, a little too aggressive.
“This is the guy you were so scared of?” Toph asked the others. “Really?”
"That is pretty cute.” Tulok said, his smile knowing, like he was waiting for Zuko’s flush of
frustration.
Zuko just mumbled an imaginative; “Shut up.”
“So is that everything? Are you going now?” Sokka asked, feigning a sweet smile, expecting
Zuko to leave them be. After all, he’d done what he came here to do. Zuko expected that of
himself too.
What he didn’t expect, however, was the outrage that followed Sokka’s comment.
“What? No!” Tomkin shouted, quickly linking his arm around Zuko’s, as if Zuko had made
an attempt to move. Zuko swallowed down the urge to shove him off, comforted by the way
Nanook sent a warning glare over to Tomkin, even if the other boy completely missed it.
“He’s not going anywhere.” Hakoda snapped, tone just a little too sharp to be berating. Zuko
watched, watched this father snap at his son, and he didn’t flinch, and he was embarrassed by
how much that made him ache. Hakoda was a good man and a good father, truly. And
because of that, Zuko had to leave.
“I’m not staying.” Zuko said, wiped-out, finally realising just how much this was going to
hurt, and Tomkin threw an alarmed, wide-eyed stare his way that made it worse.
“Why not?” Nanook asked, and he looked devastated.
Zuko pulled himself from Tomkin’s grip. “I'm...” He started, struggling with the words and
the attention and the entire fucking situation. “I’m not like you. I'm not... one of the good

guys. I can’t be here.”
“You weren’t one of the good guys the first time round and we still wanted your dumbass
around.” Chena said, making Aput smack his arm for his tactlessness, but the sentence stuck
with Zuko. If anyone else admitted that they’d wanted him around back on the Ullaakut, he’d
have questioned it, those doubts always plaguing him. But it was Chena, and he... the way he
spoke, like he knew what Zuko had done, like he didn’t care...
“Zuko, we want you here. Safe.” Tulok stressed, like the notion of Zuko leaving hadn’t even
crossed his mind.
“Not that I agree with that statement,” Katara said, awkwardly flattening the folds of her
clothes, “but you... well, you look... tired, and you said you’d travelled all the way from
Caldera City. It's not safe for you or the kid, if you left now.” Her tone was grudgingly caring,
almost maternal. She was looking mainly at Zi Se, like she was more worried about the kid
than Zuko, which Zuko understood completely. The girl’s reluctance, like she was mortified
by the words she was forcing out, somehow made it sound more authentic. It didn’t help that
she was right. Zuko barely survived the journey here. He was barely staying standing now.
But it didn’t make it any less unsettling that she’d noticed, her blue eyes as sharp as her
brother’s and father’s. Agni, was the whole family always so asininely stubborn?
As if reading his mind, Sokka spoke up. “What, you want him to join us now?”
“No!” Katara huffed impatiently. “But it wouldn’t hurt if we let him rest for a bit.”
“Yes, it would hurt!” Sokka yelled. “It would very much hurt!”
“I’m with Sweetness.” Toph said, and Sokka looked outraged.
“It’s not like you’re going back to the Fire Nation anytime soon, is it Zuko?” Kanut
interrupted, and it was like a cold breeze had swept through the temple, the atmosphere
turning uncertain, Zuko’s skin prickling as he stared the healer down. He knew that
expression, the way Kanut’s eyebrows were tilted, eyes a little narrowed. Understanding.
Kanut had always been able to unpick Zuko, relating experiences like they were comparing
scars and in turn understanding the same pain that came with the blade. Zuko remembered
what happened with his father, the lightning, the cool floor beneath his palms.
“Yeah?” He hissed, angry at Kanut, at his ability to always do this. “Says who?”
Kanut didn’t miss a beat. “Says the fact I know Fong wasn’t the one who did that to your
face.”
Shit.
Zuko remembered the cut to his lip, the mark of his father’s touch, the proof of yet another
lesson. He'd been worrying at it since it had been inflicted, inadvertently refusing to let it
heal. And Kanut knew who had done it. He knew from the start. He could tell, because he
knew men like Ozai, and he knew Zuko.

Zuko didn’t know what to say to that, to the way the other warriors were now eyeing him, so
he ducked his head a little, pretending to check over Zi Se. “It's nothing.” He mumbled, but
Kanut was right. In that one little cut was every reason Zuko couldn’t return to his father.
Zi Se stirred, almost nuzzling into Zuko’s knee, and Tomkin gasped in delight.
“You’ve gotta give us some explanation.” Chena said. “You show up after all the shit that
happened, and suddenly you’ve got a whole fucking kid with you?”
The other warriors turned to glare at Chena, Aput slapping his arm again and making Chena
shrug innocently like he didn’t realise what he’d done wrong. Zuko just bit back a smile.
He’d missed this.
“Zi Se was in Fong’s base with me. I was hardly gonna leave him there.” Zuko said simply,
keeping a chill to his words that made it clear he wouldn’t elaborate past what was given.
That information sent a ripple of horror through the warriors, undoubtedly a response to them
picturing some innocent kid in that place. Zuko held Zi Se tighter without realising. He didn’t
want to think of that here.
“Fong? Like General Fong?” Katara asked, lip curling in disgust, and Zuko remembered
what Sokka had said in the library, about what Fong did to Katara.
Aput spat in the dirt, like the name was ash in his mouth. They didn’t know what Zuko had
done. They couldn’t. Hakoda, Kanut, Sokka, Suki – all of them must have kept it to
themselves. It was the only explanation for why everyone was being so accommodating.
They needed to stop talking about Fong. Zuko couldn’t hear his name here. His head was
spinning and he could hear the blood rushing in his ears. He was fine, he was fine, he was
fine.
“The very same.” Sokka said bitterly, and Zuko could feel his glare on him even as he studied
the floor. This wasn’t right. Fong wasn’t supposed to exist here. Zuko had killed him and
buried him, but he kept being brought back to life in idle conversation and it was too much
and it was too fucking hot out here.
Zuko leaned back against the wall, pressing his fingers into his temples and letting his eyes
fall shut. His mouth felt dry, like the air itself was draining him with each inhale. Zi Se had
moved now, concerned as he begun to tug on Zuko’s tunic, trying to figure out what was
wrong. I don’t know, Zuko wanted to say. Everything. A headache pulsed behind his eyes. It
felt like that strange drowning sensation from earlier, but worse. Agni, much, much worse.
Hakoda was saying something, and suddenly, Kanut was in front of Zuko, eyes focussed as
he grabbed Zuko’s chin and forced him to look him head-on. Zuko flinched, weakly trying to
bat the healer away, but his limbs weren’t cooperating. Zi Se was safe here, at least. He knew
that without a doubt. He trusted the warriors more than he trusted himself.
Zuko didn’t need to be fine anymore.

Perhaps that’s why he wasn’t.
He could make out some of Kanut’s words, snapped and blurry. “Where?”
“Leg.” Zuko forced the word out, before finally giving in and letting himself slide down the
wall, bending his good leg to rest his forearm on his knee and hiding his face in the crook of
his elbow, trying to block out the light. It didn’t work. Everything was too much, too much,
too much. Kanut kept fucking touching him, and it was just the tolerable side of intolerable as
Zuko listened to distant voices, felt fabric being cut, smelled the acrid smell of flesh gone
bad.
It was too visceral. He was back in that cell again, the heavy fog of rotting injuries stewing
around him as prisoners died. They all died. They either died in their interrogations or died
because of their interrogations or died because they couldn’t take it anymore or died because
Zuko ate the food that could have saved them or died like this. Like this, weeks after
escaping. Like this, haunted and broken and rotten.
“It’s okay, tough guy.” The words broke into Zuko’s mind, private and hushed as the sunlight
started to blur. “You’re okay.”
And then everything went black.
____
Tomkin was pacing. He was pacing because there was nothing else he could do. Zuko was in
the make-shift infirmary, and no one knew anything past that except that Kanut had looked
ashen when he saw Zuko’s leg wound, because of course Zuko had a leg wound that he
hadn’t thought to mention. His plan was to probably suck it up until it killed him. He was
lucky he passed out before it came to that, meaning he couldn’t argue with Kanut trying to
save his life.
“Ugh!” Tomkin kicked a rock as hard as he could. “After everything, everything he was put
through, and now he’s making it worse for himself? When’s it gonna be enough? Where does
it end?!”
The others were sat around the campfire, expressions stony, watching Tomkin with grim
understanding. Those who knew Zuko, at least. They knew what he was like. Zuko, the boy
who starved for a whole day instead of saying anything. Zuko, who escaped multiple times
despite a lacerated back. Zuko, who let Tomkin and Nanook keep talking to him back at the
campfire in the South Pole, until he reached his breaking point and snapped.
Because that’s how he worked. Zuko never gave himself a break, which meant he let
everything else break him in the process.
“Sit down, Little Tom. Kanut’s got him now.” Hakoda said, rubbing a hand down his face.
Tomkin felt too riled up to sit, but he listened to his chief, sighing as he took a seat beside
Nanook.
Nanook, currently, was distracted with the child he had been left with.

“I want to see Zuko.” Zi Se fumed, struggling against Nanook’s grip.
“Zuko’s busy.” Nanook said, throwing a desperate look to Katara on his other side, begging
for help. Lifesaver that she was, Katara didn’t hesitate to place a gentle hand to Zi Se’s
shoulder, steadying him.
“Hey,” she smiled warmly, “he’ll be fine before you know it.”
“In the meantime, how about a story?” Sokka beamed, but there was something fake to it as
he turned pettily to Hakoda. “Dad, I think you have one you could tell us.”
“I like stories.” Zi Se admitted, relaxing a little in Nanook’s grip, going from panicked to
expectant at an impressive speed.
“See! He likes stories!” Sokka said, winking at Zi Se and making the kid stick his tongue out
in response.
“Well, in that case.” Hakoda chuckled, before turning to the rest of the group, expression
becoming solemn. “Some of you are probably wondering how it is the rest of us know Zuko.”
Katara scoffed, like that was an understatement, and even Suki nodded eagerly. Hakoda
heaved in a deep breath, turning to the fire and staring into the flames, and Tomkin found
himself leaning forward a little, almost desperate to hear it from Hakoda’s perspective. The
Water Tribe were incredible storytellers. They spent countless nights beneath the stars
passing on knowledge and tradition this way, weaving words into something sacred and
practised. It was known to them, inherent, and a hush fell around the campfire.
Hakoda flicked his gaze up, catching Zi Se’s, and his lips curled into a small smile.
“We were passing the Eastern Air Temple when it happened...”
____
Bato was the only one here who had heard this story before. Everyone else was either
listening with entranced bemusement or had lived through it first-hand. Which is why Bato
picked up, like the other warriors, the exact moment Hakoda decided to leave out the fact that
the Fire Prince had killed General Fong. Bato raised an eyebrow at the chief, but didn’t
question him.
Bato wasn’t one to let himself blend into the background of things. He liked to be front and
centre, the focus of attention, but he learnt his lesson the hard way when it came to this.
Prince Zuko had become a sensitive topic and it earnt Bato a broken nose – which he was still
mad about, by the way. It was better for him to sit back and let his friends hash out what they
needed to hash out, and right now, that came in the form of Hakoda explaining the
bewildering series of events that led to the Fire Nation royal becoming so entangled with the
Water Tribe in the first place. All escape attempts and hunger strikes and bowsprits and the
South Pole and Chena’s rum stash and, at the end of it all, Gaoling.

It was a hard story to tell, because it had no real ending. One moment the boy was with them,
the next, he was gone.
Bato liked to think of himself as adventurous, open-minded. Kanut tended to use different
vocabulary – things like ‘dim-witted’ and ‘idiotic’ and, on one particularly heated occasion
involving a dashing Northern Water Tribe Ambassador and a fruit tart, the ‘bane of his
existence’ - but the general idea was still there; out of the three of them and even out of all
the warriors, Bato was the one most likely to be on board with something outlandish.
Yet even he had been reluctant in the case of the Fire Prince.
It was to be expected, of course. Who could blame Bato? The boy was a direct emissary of
everything they had ever fought against, everything that had ever hurt them, and suddenly
Bato was being told that no, his idiot friends decided to adopt the kid instead? It was Bato’s
fault for leaving them unsupervised.
But now, Bato had been observing, letting things unfold before him from the moment the
Prince of the Fire Nation showed up at Sokka’s side to the moment they all sat around the
campfire listening to Hakoda talk, a five-year-old child currently dozing against Chena’s
large chest. Jarringly, observing instead of sticking his foot in it had actually wound up being
pretty interesting. Bato might even try it again sometime.
Because one thing he’d realised was that he actually, against all odds, was starting to like
Prince Zuko.
He was the Blue Spirit, for one, and he had everyone’s seal of approval in some way or
another, given at different times to different versions of the boy – which Bato found hilarious
- but given all the same. Everyone's seal of approval, except the kids.
Now, Bato was new to this whole observing thing, but the line between observing and
eavesdropping was really very fine, and if he happened to hang back around the campfire
even as everyone else filtered away to do chores – anything to keep their hands busy –
leaving only Bato and a now trapped in place Chena with the rest of the kids, then that was a
coincidence. And if Bato tuned out of what Chena was saying to Little Tom, instead zoning
in on what Katara and Sokka were whispering to one another, then that was out of his hands.
“He’s hurt.”
“Katara, he tormented us for weeks.”
“I know that, Sokka.” Katara hissed, patience fraying. “But we’re not cruel, that’s for his
people.”
“And I still need a firebending teacher.” Aang chimed in, leaning his chin in his palm.
“Sokka, after everything your dad said...” Suki started, choosing her words carefully. “It
sounds like Zuko’s really changed.”

Sokka’s face turned dark, angry, as Suki stared him down. “You and I know better than
anyone that that isn’t true.”
“I know that we’ve all done bad things for the people we love.” Suki said sternly, an
immovable undercurrent to her words like Sokka was on thin ice, before it lifted as quick as it
came, the girl shrugging nonchalantly. It was a little terrifying. “Besides,” she said, “what
happened to ‘keep your enemies close’? At least this way we can keep an eye on him.”
“Agreed. “Toph nodded. “Not that I think Sparky would try anything.”
Which is the exact moment Hakoda decided to collapse heavily down at Bato’s side,
groaning tiredly. Bato was tempted to elbow him. He never did learn to appreciate gossip the
same way Bato did.
“You good?” Bato asked, giving up on trying to listen to the rest of the conversation.
Hakoda hesitated a moment, before sighing heavily. “Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I was gonna say
I’m just glad he’s okay, but I haven’t heard anything from Kanut yet.”
“Well, you know how Kanut gets when he’s treating someone.” Bato said, trying to dispel
some of Hakoda’s nerves. “All mighty and omnipotent. I think he secretly loves the
attention.”
Hakoda barked out a laugh, shaking his head at the thought of Kanut – bookish, surly Kanut
– being an attention seeker.
“You’ve not rubbed off on him in that regard just yet.” Hakoda chuckled. “Maybe give it
another few decades.”
Bato scrunched his nose with a grin. “What, you think I’m gonna make Kanut a bitchy elder?
Challenge accepted.”
Hakoda rolled his eyes with a laugh, the pair descending into a comfortable silence, but Bato
couldn’t miss the way Hakoda was watching his kids. Sokka and Katara had been rightfully
frustrated at all this new information hitting them, and Hakoda was caught in the middle of it.
He had a habit of offering his heart out to every broken kid he came across. Tomkin started it,
and now Prince Zuko, and through it all, Hakoda was being pulled by the love of his actual
kids. Bato couldn’t imagine the stress and confusion that was causing.
“I keep messing up, Bato.” Hakoda uttered, finally giving in to Bato’s silent prodding. “I
keep trying to take care of all of them, but it seems every time I help one, the others get hurt.”
Bato frowned, thinking a moment, before shrugging. “Nah.”
Hakoda blinked, staring at him. “What?”
“You’re wrong,” Bato smiled, “this whole situation has been a weird one, I'll give you that.
But now, it’s all starting to fall into place. Tomkin and Nanook like this kid just as much as
you do, and Katara has Kya’s heart. She's kind. She can’t help it. She's already starting to
forgive him.”

“And Sokka?” Hakoda asked quietly.
“Sokka’s stubborn, and he’s got a different angle on it, but he’s never been hateful, ‘Koda.
He's just angry, and probably confused.” Bato said, before putting on a wise voice. “Give him
time.”
Hakoda scoffed, shoving Bato’s shoulder, but Bato knew he’d listened.
“What about you?” Hakoda asked suddenly. “What do you think of Zuko?”
Bato’s grin was cunning as he leaned back on his palms. “I think,” he said, flicking a strand
of hair from his eyes, “that things around here are about to get a lot more interesting.”

Chapter End Notes

if you like my silly little writing here, then i actually wrote another fic! it's a very
self-indulgent yueki fic and you can check it out here if you're interested <3

Chapter 33: ii. Chamber Of Reflection
Chapter Notes

chapter title after the matt demarco song because that song gives me huge fever dream
vibes and also I love him that will be all. maybe go listen to treat her better by matt
demarco and then you’ll feel better.
listen to i know who you used to be by the lovely blueseakelp on spotify here and
youtube here. it's a song partly inspired by zuko and azula's relationship in taob and it's
actually incredible. i haven't stopped listening to it since ash released it im genuinely
gobsmacked over it. please please please give it a listen, you won't regret it
more good news, taob is looking to have some translations done of it soon! most are still
in the works, but the first chapter of the spanish translation has been done! check it out
here: El Arte de Arder by Feithfv
aaaaaaaaaand finally some joking on tumblr led to @errorbrainloading writing this
absolutely gorgeous zi se pov that i think everyone deserves to sob over <3
i bet you thought i was done talking SIKE i am never done talking. so i'm back at
college properly now (goodbye online lessons i am going to spit on your grave) and
until may i will be doing the pandemic equivalent of my actual a-level exams. for nonbrits, this is a big deal and my ability to go to university hinges on it. i won't stop writing
because it'll probably be the only thing keeping me sane, but i am giving myself the
comfort of taking all pressure off of updates. what this means is i'm playing it
completely by ear. i'll either write a shit ton because i'm stressed and updates will
actually be quicker than normal, or there won't be another chapter until may
have a lovely day nerds, i'll hopefully see you soon but until then have this chapter to
scream at me about. don't do anything i wouldn't do. also wish me luck for my exams
because the sexual tension between me and failing them bad boys is actually not very
sexy right about now xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Zuko was stood on the beach in Gaoling, wading out into the ocean until the waves pushed
up against his waist. It wasn’t cold. He couldn’t feel it. Hands brushed through the water,
watching it dance between his fingers, slipping away, lapping against scarred skin, but he
couldn’t feel it. Look. Look at all that blue. Aquamarine. Cerulean. Indigo. Like the ocean
had eaten all the colour in the world and Zuko was watching it drip from its muzzle. It was
easy here, to just stand in the depths of La, lips parted to the salt spray and counting the
waves until they disappeared into the horizon. He would be dragged from here, soon. That
hill there, just to his side, just shy of the camp, would see his downfall. He would fight and

he would fail, but that didn’t matter here. Look. Look at the tide. Look at Agni. He could hear
Hakoda in the distance, shouting his name, and he knew if he turned, he would see the
warriors milling about the beach. But they were just a little too far away.
Zuko was three when his father saved him from drowning. He'd seen an eagle-hawk attacking
a turtle-crab, and he’d raced forward to save the little animal. It froze him, that crisis, because
if he let the turtle-crab go, it would be eaten, but if he saved it, the eagle-hawk would starve.
Zuko knew of starving, of the insatiability of eagle-hawks. Which one was he? Predator or
prey? Was there a world where he existed as both? Was he trapped here? He hadn’t seen the
wave, and it washed him out far away from the golden sand.
He saw them now. Eagle-hawks circled above his head, red-feathered and shadowed. Look.
Look at yourself. Zuko wanted to scream, felt it building in the pit of his stomach to crawl up
his throat, but what would it do? That was to say, you scream with your lungs and you pray
with your knees, but begging? Begging was in the hands. Zuko's were empty. Stained sunset
red. Look. Look at what you did.
When he looked up again, the ocean had gone with the sound of an eagle-hawk's cry, and he
was in the Agni Kai chamber. There was a prayer shawl around his shoulders and if he
breathed any quicker he’d choke on it. You will learn respect. There was a fistful of fire, skin
slipping between fixed fingers, white bones charring until Zuko remembered hearing of
fortune-tellers, how they read the heat-cracks of oracle bones. Zuko wondered what the
breaks in his skeleton lamented of. If he could read these scars, would they weep? Look. Look
at all that red. Crimson. Ruby. Blood. The Fire Nation was an open wound and it was
bleeding out, flooding the map. Zuko’s heritage had built an empire on a fault line and a
palace in the mouth of a volcano. The teeth would snap down soon. His ancestry was a
natural disaster.
____
The infirmary was a small space, but the floor was flat here and there were some ledges in the
walls that Kanut was using as shelves. It wasn’t as good as what he had on the Ullaakut, but it
was functional. Kanut's only patient lay in the corner, curled in on himself and frail looking
in the harsh shadows of the light streaming in through one of the windows. It ignited him, as
if the Spirits themselves were pointing. Look at him. Look at what you let happen.
Kanut's hands were shaking as he grabbed furs and tinctures and herbs from his supplies,
laying them out beside Zuko’s bedroll. He'd cut off the fabric surrounding Zuko’s wound and
tried to straighten out the leg, but every time Kanut turned to grab something, the kid shrunk
into himself again, as if he was too scared to take up the space here, as if he was trying to
make himself as invisible as possible. Defensive. It was eerie in its familiarity.
There was a lot to do here. Zuko’s leg was Kanut’s biggest concern right now, but he’d seen
the way Zuko held himself in the Boiling Rock library, how he continued to take pained
breaths past injured ribs. Kanut peeled off the kid’s tunic, needing a better look. At least the
lack of layers might calm the fever a little, but it seemed to be hitting its peak. Zuko’s skin
was burning.
And then his chest was bare, and Kanut froze.

Kanut had been doing this for a long time. He'd seen men die beneath his very hands, he’d
seen amputations and gore and blood and war. He knew how to stay stoic, how to stay calm
for his patients, how to keep his hands steady.
But what he saw on Zuko's skin now was almost enough to make him be sick.
Because that was a boy under his care, a child, and he had been beaten and mutilated and no
one had stopped it. They’d left him behind and this was the result. These scars, these legacies
of agony, cutting over skin and bone, brutalising. It choked Kanut up and made him cover his
mouth to stifle his horror. Before this, all he had was Fong’s taunting word that he had done
horrible things to Zuko, and even that had been enough for Kanut to slam his fist into the
man’s face. Seeing Zuko like this, the aftermath of torture, and knowing all he could do now
was clean up what had already happened, was almost enough to break Kanut.
But he was a healer, and he had a patient that needed him, so he swallowed his nausea,
swallowed his thoughts, and got to work.
He was just bandaging Zuko’s leg, movements practised, vacant, when he heard a soft knock.
Turning, Kanut saw Katara stood in the doorway, hands fiddling sheepishly.
“I wanted to-.” Katara started, before gasping a little, gaze landing on Zuko. Kanut had
covered the boy with some furs to hide the worst of it, but he still looked a sorry sight,
drained and feverish.
Kanut expected Katara to ask questions, to either pity Zuko or hate him like she had outside,
both of which she was entitled to, but instead, the girl worked her jaw, smoothing her face
into something strong.
“I can heal with my waterbending. I can help.” Katara said, and now the words were out, she
seemed determined to back them up. She'd come to a decision then. The strongest part of
Katara had always been the violent way she cared. She wanted to heal the world, and at the
same time, she’d tear it apart for the ones she loved. It was that caring side, that empathy
resting within her, that brought her to the infirmary now. She didn’t like Zuko; the idiot
hadn’t given her much reason to. It was a true compliment to her character that, despite that
personal grudge, she could still find it in her to see that this boy needed help, help she could
provide.
She would make an excellent healer.
Kanut looked back to Zuko, deep in thought. He'd read a lot about how waterbenders used
their bending to heal, and he remembered a time when a few still lived in the tribe.
Katara had told them about her abilities before the Day of Black Sun, and the sense of awe,
of reclamation almost, that filled the warriors was hard to describe. She was the last
waterbender of their tribe; she had always been precious to them. But water-healing was a
tradition sacred to them that they thought had been lost years ago.
But Zuko had acted strangely when people touched him, and he’d tried to push Kanut away
despite everything the pair had done to build trust between them. Katara and Zuko had

history, and the kid was exhausted. Kanut knew how shaky trust was for Zuko. He knew how
it could be misinterpreted. And maybe there was a part of Kanut, hidden away and shameful,
that wanted to be the one to fix this, if only to let him sleep better at night.
“Katara, do you remember when you were eight,” Kanut said, looking back at the girl he’d
seen grow from a babbling baby to a strong young woman, “you fell over your dad’s spear
and cut your arm up?”
Katara scoffed, smiling at the distant memory. “I remember, I wouldn’t stop crying.”
“Exactly,” Kanut smirked, before his expression became serious, “you were so upset and you
were so scared by all the blood, that even though your Gran-Gran doesn’t like stitching
wounds anymore because her hands aren't as steady as they used to be, you still insisted she
be the one to heal you, instead of me.”
A look like guilt crossed Katara’s face, and she stared at the floor.
“It wasn’t because you didn’t trust me to heal you,” Kanut continued, “but because Kanna
was more familiar to you, and when you were scared, that’s what you needed. Do you
understand what I'm saying?”
It was quiet for a bit as Katara thought, as Kanut’s words connected in her mind. Realisation
hit her first, and then frustration, settling finally on a tired confusion as she looked once again
at Zuko.
“It’s hard to picture him as someone who gets scared.” Katara said, voice a dichotomy
between soft and spiteful. “I forget that after everything he’s done, everything his nation has
done, they’re all still human too. It isn’t fair.”
There was an ancient anger in her eyes, grief in the tight pinch of her expression. This was
the weight of Kya resting in Katara’s bones, the weight of every raid that left Katara as the
last southern waterbender, the weight of war.
“You’re right, it isn’t.” Kanut said, because none of this was fair. “But hatred is easy, Katara.
Anger is easy. All it does is create a cycle of pain. Fong hated the Fire Nation because of how
they made him suffer, and in turn, he made Zuko suffer. That isn’t fair either. That is why we
have to be better. Sometimes,” Kanut worked his jaw, hand clenching into a fist that made his
scars jump, “breaking the cycle can feel like surrendering to what happened, but it isn’t. It's
just how we move on, and how we make ourselves better than the ones who hurt us.”
Kanut moved to a bucket of water he’d placed in the corner of the infirmary, grabbing one of
the flannels he’d left to soak there and moving to rest it gently over Zuko’s forehead; a cool
touch to balm four months of burning. It wasn’t enough, but it was a start, and that was it,
wasn’t it? Every day would be a new, tiny step towards healing, and Kanut wasn’t going
anywhere.
Katara was watching his every move, and he knew she’d take a moment to absorb his words.
Part of him wanted her to be confused - it wasn’t the kind of thing you said to a fourteen-

year-old – but the realistic part of him knew better; she would understand him no matter how
much she shouldn’t have to at this age.
Finally, Katara’s shoulders slumped a little, and a small, sad smile pulled at her lips. “When
did you get so wise?”
“Someone had to keep your idiotic father in check these past few years.” Kanut said with a
scoff, and Katara rolled her eyes. She was still stood in the doorway, fingers tapping a restless
beat against her arms as she crossed them over her chest. Kanut knew that helplessness. If he
didn’t have Zuko to focus on, his thoughts would be driving him insane right now. Katara
needed something to do. She needed to feel useful.
“How’s the little one doing? Zi Se?” Kanut asked, because last he’d seen, the child was
throwing a tantrum loud enough to alert the Fire Nation of their presence.
Katara’s features softened; she’d always loved kids. “Dad just finished telling us about,
well,” she gestured vaguely to Zuko, “everything, and Zi Se fell asleep for a bit. He must
have finally tired himself out, but he’s starting to wake up again. He's already asking for
Zuko. It's like he can’t be away from him...”
Katara trailed off, clearly worried for the little boy. Kanut had noticed Zi Se’s clinginess too,
but he hadn’t thought much of it. So what if he never left Zuko’s side? Kids were annoying
like that. But it sounded like things had only gotten worse when Kanut left to heal Zuko.
Kanut sighed. Zi Se was probably terrified of them all.
“You should go. Be with Zi Se.” Kanut said. “You were always good with the village kids.
He needs someone kind right now.”
At the sound of something, anything, to do, Katara straightened, purposeful, and nodded. She
was just about to turn and go when she hesitated, worrying at her lip.
“Are you sure there’s nothing I can do here?” She asked, a tone of hope in her voice, but right
now, Zuko was a distraction for her, and he needed more than that.
“Go, I've got it.” Kanut said, giving her a shooing motion. “And keep that screaming child
away from my infirmary.”
He heard her laughing as she ducked into the corridor, and Kanut was alone again with his
patient. He sighed, he was doing that a lot lately, and turned the flannel over on Zuko’s
forehead, pressing the cool side to his burning skin, as if trying to chase away the fire. Even
in sleep, Zuko turned away from the touch, almost wincing.
“Don’t worry, kid,” Kanut uttered, “you’re safe now.”
____
Sokka ducked into a crouch and let Suki’s foot just glance over his head, a breath of wind
ghosting the back of his neck as he rolled to the side. His muscles were beginning to burn,
that familiar fluidity that smoothed over him when he sparred as each knot of tension began

to unwind. It was easy to lose himself to the rhythm of this, to the sweat and muscle memory
and blocking. Suki was quick, and she kept him on his toes at all times during their little
sparring sessions. It was almost enough to keep the thoughts from his mind.
Almost.
“And he lives with us now? Is that it?” Sokka said with a grunt, catching Suki’s wrist in his
hand, brows furrowed in pent up frustration. Suki twisted in his grip, sweeping her leg and
catching his ankle. Sokka just had time to right himself before he toppled to the ground.
“I thought we were done talking about Zuko.” Suki panted, jumping back a few paces,
making the most of the platform they were sparring on as the sun beat down on them.
“Oh I'm sorry,” Sokka said, cutting a punch that was supposed to strike Suki in the ribs only
for her to roll to the side, “am I being too paranoid about the evil firebender we know for a
fact has murdered someone?”
“Is that what this is about?” Suki huffed, pausing in favour of dramatically placing her hands
on her hips. “Because he killed Fong?”
Sokka stopped too, face scrunching in confusion. “Uh, obviously?”
Suki rolled her eyes, and it was at that moment Sokka realised she might not agree with him
about this. Zuko killed a man in front of them. The others were so ready to let Zuko join their
group and make flower crowns with the guy, and it had annoyed Sokka, but he pinned it on
them not knowing the whole story. Hakoda had kept quiet about Fong’s death, leaving Suki
the only member of Team Avatar aside Sokka who knew.
So yeah, sue him, he’d talked her ear off about it.
Because he thought she understood.
“Sokka,” Suki said, and she was using that you-aren't-going-to-like-this-but-I'm-saying-itanyway voice, “I know this is more than that.”
She was looking at him funny, analytical, like she did when they sparred and she was
searching for weaknesses, and it made Sokka straighten up, his pride building walls on a
knee-jerk reaction. It was all bubbling within him, thick and uncomfortable, all this anger and
frustration and confusion and... No, he wasn’t hurt. It was something else.
Okay, put it like this. If he lay out all the facts, things made sense.
Fact number 1: he knew Hakoda loved him. He was Hakoda’s only son and that wasn’t
something that could change.
Fact number 2: he knew Zuko was a violent jerk who made Sokka look like an idiot and was
a threat to the people he cared about.
Sokka knew these two facts were rock solid, but they were crashing into each other. Because
the guy Sokka hated had been given his dad’s favour, and that... wasn’t supposed to happen.

It's not like Sokka was jealous or anything, because that would be stupid, but it was just
confusing, and everything he learnt about Zuko made it more confusing, and the rest of the
group welcoming Zuko after everything he’d done made it even more confusing, and Sokka
had coped with that by just condensing all those gross confusing feelings into one big hatred
of the jerkbender himself.
And that coping mechanism had been brilliant so far. It was the end of the day now, and still,
Sokka hadn’t shouted at anyone about Zuko. Not once. All he’d done, blissfully and
cathartically, was bitch about the guy to Suki, because Suki was the only one here sane
enough to agree with him.
Until... she wasn’t.
“Hold on,” Sokka raised his hands as if miming actually holding her words back, “you don’t
care that he killed Fong? That doesn’t bother you?”
Suki scoffed impatiently. “Of course it bothers me, Sokka, because we saw a guy get
stabbed.”
“But you don’t care that Zuko did the stabbing?” Sokka asked, bewildered. “Zuko, who is
currently having a nap in our camp and dreaming about stealing sweets from children?”
Suki rolled her eyes. “He’s not some evil villain from a story, Sokka. And besides, he has a
child with him, which is exactly one more child than you have, so if anyone’s more likely to
be stealing sweets from children, it’s you.”
“Firstly, that is entirely flawed logic.” Sokka pointed out. “And secondly, doing villainous
things makes you a villain. That's sort of the whole point. He murdered someone, Suki. And
he betrayed our trust and he-.”
“He didn’t betray my trust.” Suki said with a shrug, and Sokka paused.
“You- what?”
“He didn’t betray my trust.” Suki repeated, narrowing her eyes and trapping Sokka in place.
He gulped. “I trusted him exactly as much as was required. I trusted him to get me to the
ground floor, and I trusted that he wasn’t plotting with Azula. From what I've seen and heard,
he didn’t betray either of those. It doesn’t mean I like him, because I haven’t forgotten what
he did to my village, but that is an entirely separate conversation. Which brings me back to
my point, because I know this,” she gestured to Sokka’s general person, “is about something
else.”
Sokka spluttered, trying to think of something to say in response to that without revealing the
truth behind all this anger towards Zuko. How could he explain to Suki the understanding he
had with Zuko in that prison, the strange connection they’d formed under pressure of
circumstance that allowed them to work together seamlessly? How could he explain just how
much he risked when he decided to trust the firebender, and how much it hurt to have it
thrown in his face? How did he explain this betrayal that should never have been a betrayal

because Sokka should have known better? How did he explain that, yes, no matter how hard
he tried to deny it, he was upset about Hakoda’s fondness for Zuko?
How did he explain any of that? He was never very good with his words. Talking, Sokka
could do. He could talk someone’s ear off for hours. But the actual words, focussing on them
and giving them mushy feelings and making himself vulnerable? Yeah, nah.
Sokka wasn’t even sure he would talk to Suki about this even if he knew how to. He just...
didn’t do that. Sokka was perfectly happy coping with his emotions by bottling them up or
spitting them out in the form of sarcasm and a bad attitude, thank you very much.
“Honestly, Sooks.” Sokka smirked, keeping his tone light as he rolled his eyes. “It’s almost
like you’re defending the guy.”
He'd expected her to scoff, to shoot him down, but instead she turned... tired, almost. Her
gaze fell to the ravine, staring into its depths from the safety of the platform, contemplative.
“I’m not defending the things he’s done.” Suki said quietly. “But killing someone in cold
blood and killing someone as an act of justice, to bring peace – they're very different things,
Sokka. I won’t vilify him for what happened with Fong. Especially not now he’s-.” She cut
herself off, turning towards the temple where, somewhere inside, a boy with too many scars
and not enough answers was fighting for his life. Sokka felt his stomach turn. Everyone here
seemed to have a different piece of Zuko’s puzzle, and it was infuriating, but this one
instance should have given Sokka a sense of satisfaction, because this was one piece that
belonged to him. For now, at least. Until Kanut connected the dots.
But there was no satisfaction when Sokka thought of this. In fact, he tried not to think about it
at all, shoving it deep down and only being blindsided every time it reared its head.
The puzzle piece was a simple one, the edges sharp. It was just that Hakoda told them all that
Zuko spent four months with Fong. Hakoda didn’t go into detail, leaving it at that, but Sokka
had seen the hatred, the fear, the pain in Zuko’s eyes when he saw Fong in that library, and
Sokka had also seen something no one else had seen yet.
Sokka had seen the scars.
He knew what happened to Zuko. He knew what was done to him in those four months, and
he knew why it led him to that library.
And that was when the sympathy started to bubble up within Sokka, and like it always did
upon this train of thought, it pissed him off. Make no mistakes, Sokka was many things, but
he wasn’t mean. Zuko had been through something horrific, something Sokka would never
understand fully, and Sokka wouldn’t wish that on anyone. But right now, with all the camp
so taken with the guy and ready to welcome him with open arms, it seemed Sokka was the
only one who knew the true Zuko, who knew how much he’d struggled doing the right thing
in the past, who knew it was only a matter of time before he hurt someone else.
It was Sokka’s civic duty to be the voice of reason for the others who had clearly been tricked
by the stupid firebender with his stupid sword and stupid hair. But it was fine. It was cool.

Everything was okay.
Sokka would just hate the guy enough for all of them.
“Would you just give him a chance?” Suki sighed. “You don’t have to forgive him, you don’t
even have to like him, but just give him a chance. We owe him that much.”
Sokka’s immediate reaction was to laugh in her face at that, but he stopped himself, partly
because laughing in Suki’s face would probably grant him a swift right hook. And yeah, he
supposed there were some things they owed Zuko. He saved Aang from Zhao as the Blue
Spirit, he helped Sokka break into the Boiling Rock successfully, he'd nearly killed himself
getting here to warn them about the Fire Lord’s upcoming attack on the Earth Kingdom –
maybe Sokka should go and give the guy a medal. The ‘not as much of a jerk as you could
have been’ award.
Sokka wanted to sneer, to push away the hilarity of him even possibly falling for the
jerkbender’s trap again, but Suki was staring at him now, and Sokka was so tired of being
looked at like he was just some stupid, spiteful teenager solely because he refused to let his
guard down a second time, and maybe it wouldn’t kill him to just go along with this, to
pretend to give Zuko a chance – another one, he might add – if it at least got Suki and the
others off his back for a bit.
“Sheesh, fine.” Sokka said. Ugh, he was going to regret this. Before Suki could catch the
bitterness in his tone, Sokka darted forwards, using surprise to his advantage as he kicked
Suki’s legs out, the warrior falling painfully to the floor. He waggled his eyebrows down at
her cockily. “Fire Nation sympathiser.”
Suki groaned in anger, and Sokka earnt a punch to the calf for his troubles.
____
Zuko was on a stage, lighting throwing his features into ghostly shadows, and there, before
him, faceless in their enormity, was an audience. They watched him with blank hunger, ready
to pick apart his performance, a thousand staring eyes. The Dao were heavy props in Zuko’s
hands, and the scene was set; a library. He began to tremble. No. No, he wanted to go back to
the beach. This wasn’t... he didn’t want to see this. But this wasn’t like before. Zuko was
partially aware that he was dreaming, and partially too embroiled to care, but still, the dream
of the beach had been comforting, had an air of safety to it, even as it soured. This though...
this was horror. Stifling and unbearable, the weight of an audience and not a single kind soul
amongst them. Zuko felt his heart clawing up his throat as he stood in between the
bookshelves, and suddenly, one of the swords was too heavy, clattering to the ashen floor and
leaving him with one. Look. Look at me. Zuko didn’t want to, didn’t want to face the voice.
He wasn’t strong enough to survive Fong twice, and fear wept from his mind in waves
threatening to wash him away from shore. But Zuko had no control. He was moving while
internally screaming to stay turned away, fingers tightening around his sword until his
knuckles glistened bone-white.
When Zuko faced the man he knew would be waiting there, he gagged, hand flying to cover
his mouth and stifle a shout. Fong's uniform was in tattered ruins, the once rich green charred

black and clinging to a bony skeleton, almost all of his flesh hanging from him in rags. His
face was pinched back to reveal every single one of his teeth, fiery green eyes glaring at Zuko
as blood spilled past his grin.
Zuko tried to scream. He tried to scramble away. He tried to do something, anything, but he
was paralysed, cursed to just stare and do nothing. Look. Fong snarled. Look at the fruits of
your labour. Look at what you leave behind. Look at what you did.
What have I done? Oh Agni, what have I done?
And then Fong lunged, and Zuko had read the script, had practised his lines, had lived the
nightmare. He knew what happened next. His arm raised without his command, the sword
jutted forward, and Zuko could only cry as he watched the blade bury between Fong’s ribs.
The tears blurred Zuko’s vision, powerless as he watched Fong buckle to his knees, watched
the blood begin to spill. There was so much blood. There was always so much blood.
But then something happened, something that hadn’t been part of the nightmare before.
A dive into the wings, a costume change, and Fong's face began to warp.
Lee had been shorter than Zuko, skinny and drowning beneath his armour like a kid playing
dress-up, sleek black hair pulled from his flushed face. His face was always flushed, Zuko
noticed. Whether it be from training, or the natural muggy air, or even just in conversation,
Lee was easy to blush. Sometimes back on the Erlong, Zuko wouldn’t be concentrating, and
he’d find himself watching that steady pink crawl up Lee’s neck to dust his cheeks, and then
he’d catch himself, jerking his gaze away, and he’d be angry for the rest of the day.
That red had been youthful, innocent, a point of teasing from the other crewmen. But here,
with Zuko’s sword in his chest and his lips parting helplessly, Lee was drowning in blood.
Look. Cut-neck and red-stained. You wanted this. The auditorium watched enraptured,
whispering into ears. This is the best part. The anagnorisis.
Zuko wanted to scream, wanted to shout his throat raw that this wasn’t a show and he wasn’t
an actor, but he couldn’t control his movements, and a stagehand was dragging Lee’s body
away, and the scene was moving on without him.
This was a tale of honour and redemption. The playwright had woven Zuko’s hamartia into
his every action, doomed from the beginning. You always thought it was anger that would
damn you, that patronymic fury that snarls in your chest. The director was grinning. It is not.
Your fatal flaw has always been shame.
The audience cheered as another character stepped onto the stage, and Zuko would have
fallen to his knees, a taiko drum rhythm setting the beat of his racing heart, if he was any
more than a puppet. Bunraku, his limbs locked by rods, no movement his own. He had no
choice but to turn, to look this newest actor in the eye.
Mizu had eyes like honey, swirling pools of gold that lit up in the sunlight, and he carried the
smell of cinnamon on his steady hands. He was a tea server’s son, still new to the job, only

thirteen years old. He worked for one of the admirals, a mean-faced man who secretly took
his tea with cinnamon.
Zuko remembered Mizu as a boy, unmarred, a spark of mischief in his gaze. He was older
here, a faint scar mangling his neck from fiery fingers curling around his throat. The burn
hadn’t been serious, feather-light; a threat, but fire is not kind to the things it touches, and the
mark had stayed. Father promised not to kill him. He didn’t promise anything more.
Zuko opened his mouth, swallowing the heaviness on his tongue, and finally managed to
speak, voice a rasp, frightened. “You said they wouldn’t catch us.” He whispered, shrinking
beneath the eyes of the audience. “You said it would be worth it.”
Mizu smiled that crooked smile that haunted Zuko’s mind, raising a shoulder. “It was worth it
though, wasn’t it? That's what scares you. You don’t think you’d take it back even if you
could.” Mizu stepped forward, his voice smooth and boyish, standing close enough for Zuko
to smell the cinnamon. “Redemption comes with the price of regret, but you don’t regret. You
don’t regret any of it.”
Any of it. The blood, the blade, the boy in the fire lily field. Any of it. Fong, the Water Tribe,
Lee, the 41st division, Mizu.
Zuko wouldn’t take any of them back, and he was so ashamed of that, ashamed of what lived
within him.
Mizu reached forward, gentle fingers brushing over Zuko’s scarred cheek, and his face turned
pained. “You’re ashamed of me.” Mizu said, and Zuko winced. “Don’t try and deny it. After
everything I did, everything I risked - I burned for you, Zuko, and you’re ashamed of me.”
“I’m sorry.” Zuko choked out, tears slipping over the places Mizu touched. “I’m so sorry.”
It was a standing ovation, applause deafening Zuko’s mind and making him flinch as he faced
the crowd, terrified and bare. The audience would analyse this on their walk home, would
talk of his metaphors and downfall, would write poetry based on conjectures. They would
feel like they knew him. A good tragedy needs a scapegoat; a tragic hero. Zuko would be
theirs. A mask. A bow. Applause. Fury. Shame. Look. The thing with theatre is that you place
a character onto a stage where everyone can see him, and you shine lights on him to
illuminate every angle and you make him say things that resonate. A tragedy is just a
declaration. Look. Look at all I've done and give me redemption regardless. Look at every
flaw. Take me as your anti-hero. Forgive me anyway.
It was about being seen.
It was a cry for help.
Look at me. Zuko was begging, screaming at them as tears streamed down his face. Look at
me. Look at me.
____

Katara was pretending not to notice the small shadow watching her.
The Western Air Temple was loud today, in a way that made her feel warm inside whenever
she noticed it. Sokka and Suki were sparring out in the sun, Aang and Toph were
earthbending, Tomkin and Nanook had – restlessly – gone off with Teo and Haru, and Aput,
Tulok, Bato and Chena were talking with Chit Sang. This place had been abandoned for
decades, and suddenly, it was a hub of activity, of life, voices filling once vacant hallways.
There were a few faces missing from it all though. Hakoda had holed himself away in the
temporary strategy room, Kanut hadn’t left Zuko’s side, and then there was the matter of the
children.
Katara had purposely chose this little corner of the temple, just in sight of the outside
platforms but hidden away enough to be secluded, and had laid out the ingredients for the
next meal. It's not that she was territorial of her cooking, despite what Tomkin said, but that
cooking was something Katara knew. Her mom taught her the basics, and then after-...well,
after, Katara learnt from Gran-Gran. Cooking became a family event, full of Sokka’s grabby
hands and Kanna’s patient voice. It became an experience, a memory, something that said
family even when ash fell from the sky. It had always been there. In the village, in the air
temples, in Ba Sing Se, even in the Fire Nation. It was a simple fact; there would always be
mouths that needed feeding.
And Katara hadn’t thought much of it, but she supposed she’d just assumed that feeling
would always be tied to her village, her home, but cooking was still a family act. Sokka was
her brother, but Aang, Toph Suki – they were her family now too. And keeping them fed,
offering them a bowl of something warm, something comforting after a long, terrifying day –
it was the most tender form of love Katara knew how to give. They had all been through so
much, and none of them really knew how to talk about it, but Katara liked to think they
understood this much, that when she took care of them like this, it was her way of saying I’m
still here, we still have each other, everything is going to be okay.
So no, she wasn’t territorial of her cooking, and she hadn’t picked this spot for its seclusion,
though she couldn’t say she didn’t like it. The truth was, she came over here because she’d
been looking for Zi Se, and had instead found more than she bargained for.
“Whatcha making?” The Duke asked from Katara’s side, peering into the large pot before
them. He was painfully young, only eight years old, with a round face still lined with baby fat
and dark brown hair jutting out from beneath the helmet he always wore. He'd been in here
when Katara was looking for Zi Se earlier, seeming a little too intrigued by a shadow that
bolted out of sight the moment it spotted Katara approaching. It was Katara’s understanding
that Pipsqueak and The Duke had split from Jet and the Freedom Fighters after they saw what
happened in Gaipan, and they’d spent the weeks since then travelling over the Earth
Kingdom and stealing food before ultimately joining the invasion force. The Duke was
fascinated by watching Katara cook, and he was always nearby around mealtimes, but this
was the first time he’d braved coming forward and asking questions.
“Vegetable thenthuk.” Katara said, adding chopped carrots and tomato to the pot.
The Duke frowned. “Never heard of it.”

“I hadn’t either until Aang told me about it. It's a meal the Air Nomads used to have a lot.”
Katara smiled sadly. The Western Air Temple had become a sanctuary to all the people here,
a place for them to recover after their defeat in the Fire Nation, a place for them to recuperate
and try again. But to Aang, it was a skeleton, a constant reminder of a life that died a century
ago. He pretended to be fine, he grinned and excitedly told Katara all about his culture as
they travelled, but it would never bring his people back.
Katara hoped this little meal from home would bring him some comfort, no matter how
bittersweet.
“What’s that?” The Duke asked, and Katara bit back a smirk at his questions as she bended
the soup in small circles, using her free hand to pour in the next ingredient.
“Stock. It's sort of like a base, to add flavour. I used to think you could only get meat stock,
you know, like bone broth,” Katara said, remembering how good she got at making broth
with caribou-yak bones back home, “but Aang taught me how to make it with vegetables. Do
you want to try some?”
The Duke lit up, grinning as he nodded eagerly. Katara couldn’t help but smile back, but
before she offered him some of the soup, she made a point of huffing dramatically, placing a
finger to her chin.
“It would be a lot better,” she raised her voice, words filling the space, “if I had two people to
test this, just to be sure.”
“But why can’t you just have some too?” The Duke asked, frowning, and Katara stopped
herself from shooting him a knowing stare, instead opting for a gasp.
“I can’t!” She cried. “I made it, so it’s not fair for me to test it. No, I need two other people.”
It was like tempting an arctic hen out of its nest, and Katara was almost holding her breath,
using all her self-control to stop herself from looking at the shadow still hiding in the corner
of her eye. A few seconds passed. Katara was about to give up until, finally, she heard quiet
footsteps.
Zi Se stopped a safe distance from Katara, hands fiddling before him as he stared hungrily at
the pot.
“Would you like some, Zi Se?” Katara asked, keeping her voice gentle, scared of spooking
the kid and having him bolt on her.
“I don’t think I should.” Zi Se said, voice small.
Katara forced herself to stay subtle, but internally, she was jumping for joy. Zi Se had gone
from tantrums and tears when Zuko was first taken away, to now being impossibly elusive.
Everyone had kept an eye on him to make sure he didn’t get lost or hurt himself, but he
refused to stay with any individual person, always sneaking off on his own to hide places. So
Katara had tried a different approach, instead setting up all of her utensils and waiting for him
to come to her. It had taken hours.

“Why not?” Katara pushed a little more. “It would be a big help to me.”
Zi Se frowned, daring a step closer to peer into the pot a little more. “It’s your food. I can’t
take your food.” He said absentmindedly, like it was obvious.
“It’s our food, Zi Se.” Katara said, trying to understand what he was saying. “I made it for all
of us. I want you to have some.”
That confused the little boy, and he cocked his head a little, as if Katara wasn’t making any
sense. Finally, he shook his head, as if banning any temptation.
“No, that’s not how it works.” Zi Se said adamantly. “It’s your food because you got it, and
you don’t take the food someone else got. You can’t-.”
“Hey,” Katara said quickly, concern flooding her voice as Zi Se got more worked up with
every word, “it’s okay, but I need you to explain a little more, if that’s alright? You haven’t
eaten anything all day.”
Zi Se’s eyes were wide and amber and scared. Scared of her, Katara realised, and it hurt. Of
course it hurt. She'd never had a child be scared of her before, and she didn’t know what
she’d done wrong, but there was a voice in her mind, one she didn’t particularly want to
listen to, that said it wasn’t something she’d done. That was worse, in a way, because at least
if she was scaring Zi Se, she could change how she treated him so he’d be less scared. But if
he was scared of her just because someone somewhere had taught this child that fear was a
requirement of everyday life, then that was so, so much worse.
Katara remembered how weak Zuko had looked before, how prickly – a fitting name, really –
he'd seemed when they’d all crowded around him. He was supposed to be Katara’s enemy,
and him showing up here should have been a threat, but it wound up being the first time
Katara had ever really realised that Zuko was a teenager too. He was only a few months older
than Sokka.
The fear in Zi Se’s eyes looked an awful lot like what she’d seen in Zuko earlier.
“It’s only safe if Zuko gets it, or if he says it is.” Zi Se said, and his voice was so quiet that
Katara had to lean forward a little. “Like he said with Akinari, and like... like with Chan in
the... in...” Zi Se swallowed, suddenly looking around him in a panic. “I want to see Zuko.”
Katara tried not to deflate at this regression to square one, of Zi Se once again demanding to
see Zuko and not listening to reason. There was something here, about the food, or maybe
something deeper, something going on that hung in the air like a question, imposing and
intrusive. Katara didn’t know the people Zi Se spoke of, or what he was so desperately trying
to tell her, or why a five-year-old was refusing to eat until he saw Zuko. She almost didn’t
want to know, but she had to, for Zi Se. She had to keep trying.
“I’ll make a deal with you, Zi Se.” Katara said, a mischievous glint in her eye that saw Zi Se
snapping out of his panic, looking at her sceptically. “If you eat some of this, I'll sneak you
past Kanut as soon as Zuko wakes up, and you can see him. Deal?”

Zi Se hadn’t been expecting that, and Katara could almost see his mind trying to work
through it. He looked distrustfully from her to the noodles she was now adding to the soup,
then back again, fiery eyes a dance of uncertainty. Finally, he dared a step forward, and then
another, before carefully sitting down.
“Hi,” The Duke beamed, “I’m The Duke.”
Zi Se looked at him like he hadn’t seen another child in months. “That’s a stupid name.”
Katara winced, but The Duke took it in his stride, scoffing. “Yeah, well I'm older than you.
And I’m loads taller.”
“No, I'm nearly six.” Zi Se scrunched his face in frustration, only serving to look adorable.
The Duke cheered victoriously, pointing at Zi Se over the pot thankfully between them. “Well
I'm nearly nine.”
“Here you go, both of you.” Katara said, cutting off any further bickering as she ladled as
much food into a bowl for Zi Se as she could get away with, giving The Duke a generous
serving too as a reward for trying to befriend the other boy.
Zi Se took the bowl off Katara like he expected it to burn him, like he expected her to snatch
it away the moment he reached for it. He held it close to his chest, almost cradling it, and
when Katara moved to stir a few more vegetables into the pot, he flinched. Hard.
And then The Duke grinned toothily, oblivious to the silent terror living in such a mundane
event.
“Bet you I can finish mine before you.” He said, competitiveness shining, and just like that,
Zi Se’s eyes widened, an expression so very close to childish crossing his face, and he began
to eat as quickly as he could.
Katara leaned back on her palms, smiling a little as she watched the boys compete, as The
Duke – whether knowingly or not – made Zi Se relax more and more. This was more like it.
Zi Se won their race by a considerable amount. He seemed used to eating things quickly.
It all left a heavy feeling in Katara’s chest, again plagued with the thought that there was
something going on here.
____
Zuko had always been fascinated by storms. He watched from windows as a child, he
wielded lightning in his hands as a teenager, and then, not long after, storms were taken from
him. A blanket of earth separating him from the sky, too thick to breach, too heavy, pushing
him down, down, down into the darkness. He couldn’t see anything down there. No one
could see him.
He turned against this dream, trying to fight it off. He knew they weren’t real. He knew it,
and he was tired, and he’d had enough. He just wanted to sleep. He could hear a voice,

distant, like it was only an echo of the original sound. You're safe now. It caught him off
guard and then he was falling, and the dream caught him in its mouth, chewing him up,
spitting him out into a familiar old cell.
Zuko's reaction was instinctive. He tried to scramble back from it, burying the heels of his
palms into his eyes. Don't look. Don't look at this. He didn’t want to be here again, but he
stepped back until he hit a damp wall, and he was trapped for as long as his mind held him
prisoner.
The cell was different. The walls were dripping gold, ignited by torches from the corridor,
and it was supposed to herald agony, that light, and Zuko waited for it to come, but nothing
happened. It smelt of something in here. It was the type of familiar that sits on the tip of your
tongue. He couldn’t name it, but it wasn’t right. It was a right thing made wrong. A good
thing corrupted with evil.
The air is electric before a storm, and it smelt like that in here but metallic.
Zuko needed to get out. He couldn’t do this again. He surged forward, stumbling and
throwing himself against the bars, desperately trying to pull on them. He opened his mouth to
scream, but no noise came. Helpless.
He was condemned to this repetition. These dreams weren’t real but the memories were, and
this was his ghost. It would haunt him until he died. Zuko would never be more than a dead
thing refusing to leave, refusing to look.
“Look.” A small voice said, layered with youth and hope and life. “It’s me, Lee.”
Zuko had to turn around because he had no control here, and before him, sitting cross-legged
in the middle of the cell, was a boy. There was a gentleness to him in the light that Zuko
hadn’t seen when they met, like he could hold butterflies in his hands without spooking them,
a gentleness Zuko had never known, never possessed. And his eyes, they were amber. Such a
strikingly familiar shade, but those weren’t Zi Se’s eyes, and the boy was taller, more filled
out, a smile on his lips, and his hair- Agni, had all of their hair looked like that? Shorn
without a touch of tenderness, black strands sticking in strange spikes. The mark of
dishonour. It should never have been given to a child.
“Lanse?” Zuko whispered, voice hoarse as he finally managed to speak.
Zi Se's brother smiled brighter, nodding eagerly. “I knew you’d recognise me. Zi Se didn’t
want to talk to you, but I dragged him over. You remember?”
“I remember.” Zuko said, eyes trailing over Lanse, trying to memorise him, as if it was really
him sat here, as if this wasn’t just a projection from deep within Zuko’s mind. He knew what
happened to Lanse. He knew he wasn’t here. He couldn’t be.
“Why am I here, Lee?” Lanse asked, and his smile became a too-wide grin, unnatural.
Zuko felt like his throat was closing up. “I don’t know.”

“Hmm,” Lanse said, getting to his feet and placing a melodramatic finger to his chin, as if
deep in thought, “you’re not ashamed of this, are you? Surely not, it wasn’t your fault.”
“It wasn’t.” Zuko agreed, remembering the child torn from his little brother’s arms,
remembering Spider’s sneer of cruelty.
“It wasn’t your fault.” Lanse said again, voice falling into a terrifying monotony.
Zuko felt his eyes beginning to water, and he shook his head. “It wasn’t.” He bit out, but he
wasn’t sure who he was trying to convince now. Leave him alone. Zuko had intervened.
That's how Zi Se came to be in his care in the first place, wasn’t it? Zuko opened his mouth,
he let his anger get the best of him as always. So temperamental in the face of injustice.
Leave him alone, and he made an emphasis out of Lanse, he shone the light on him. He made
an example of him. Leave him alone, Zuko had snarled, and in it, he said look. Look at this
boy who won’t listen. Look at this boy speaking out against you. Punish him. Punish him as I
was punished. Continue the cycle.
“There’s too many of us now, Zuko.” Lanse said, and Zuko snapped his attention back to the
little boy, to his real name. Lanse was still grinning. “You’re a walking necropolis and you
will be crushed under the weight of us all.”
“Stop it.” Zuko hissed.
“Blood is your way of putting that guilt, that shame, that fury into a physical form. There is
blood everywhere, Zuko.” Lanse giggled here, a broken, childish thing that rang through the
cell and knocked against Zuko’s bones. “You’re drowning in it.”
When the rain started, Zuko didn’t question it. They were in this cell, miles away from the
sky, and he didn’t question it because his heart was roaring so loudly in his ears that he
thought he might pass out. But then the rain felt warm, felt thick, and when he looked up,
Lanse was still grinning, droplets of red curling down his face.
“Stop it.” Zuko said, more of a beg now as he held out his hands, bewildered, only for the
rain to splash down as blood. “Stop it. Stop it.”
“You did this, Zuko.” Lanse shrugged.
Zuko's hands were drenched red, the blood falling hot and soaking his hair down, sticky and
metallic and inescapable. Zuko kept opening his mouth to shout, to beg, but the blood just
rushed in, curling over his tongue with the taste of an old nightmare. That's what it had
always been about though, right? Zuko could handle the pain, the Agni Kai, the four months,
the lightning. Survival was a knee-jerk reflex for him. He knew it intimately, knew how to
endure.
Zuko could handle the pain, but the ceaselessness, the aftermath, the bloodstains, the living...
“Stop!” He screamed, falling to his knees, slamming his eyes shut to the downpour and
letting the darkness drag him under.

Zuko jolted into consciousness, sweating and trembling, and immediately winced against the
surge of daylight that hit him, trying to push away from it and only seeing to entangle his
limbs more in the cocoon of furs he’d found himself in. His breath came out short and
shallow, heaving into his lungs like a punch as he desperately forced down the panic. It
wasn’t real. None of it had been real. He could see sunlight falling through the room’s small
window, he could smell tea.
He was okay.
Zuko shakily tried to manoeuvre himself into a sitting position, only for his entire body to
ignite with pain. His leg was throbbing, a dull sting that wasn’t nearly as bad as it had been
before, but it was more than that. He felt achy, exhausted. He felt weak.
And that was a very dangerous position to be in considering he had no idea what room this
was.
“Hey, easy.” A voice said from Zuko’s side, and he turned his bleary gaze to the man sat
there. It took him a few seconds to blink into focus, but then;
“Kanut?” He uttered, voice a hoarse croak, and the healer smiled.
“Look at that,” Kanut said, a strange tension to his voice that he tried to hide with a teasing
eye roll, “you didn’t get me confused with your uncle this time.”
Zuko exhaled sharply, his best attempt at a laugh, but even that much made pain shoot
through him and he was clutching his ribs before he even knew what happened, folding into
himself.
“Two broken ribs.” Kanut said conversationally. “I’ve treated everything else, but ribs are
tricky. There's nothing I can do for them. You just need to rest. You hear me? Rest. I'm going
to say it again to see if repetition makes things go into your thick skull. Rest-.”
“Okay, I got it.” Zuko snapped, wincing as he straightened up a bit, throwing a glare Kanut’s
way that lacked any real malice. It had been a long time since Zuko felt this nostalgia without
it being painful. There was no bittersweetness, no reality check. He was just Kanut’s patient
again.
Zuko hesitated, before tentatively letting himself relax down again, his muscles untensing
one by one, soothing some of the ache. He was okay with Kanut. He knew he was okay with
Kanut, but he had to remind himself all the same.
“How’re you feeling?” Kanut asked, handing Zuko a steaming cup of tea.
Zuko took it, melting into the warmth of it even if his hands were trembling with the effort it
took to hold this simple object. How're you feeling? Zuko’s mind flashed with images of
bloody rain, a stage and a crowd, a beach, Lanse-.
Zuko tensed up again, mind finally clicking awake and ignoring the complaints of his joints.
“Where’s Zi Se?” He demanded, reaching to kick off the furs and go look for the kid despite

the way his vision was beginning to swim.
“Hey, enough of that.” Kanut’s voice was stern as he reached forward. He was probably
going to grab Zuko’s shoulder, or slowly ease him back down like he’d done so many times
before. Zuko knew that, but he was still a little out of it and he didn’t know where Zi Se was,
and he blinked and found his arm snapping out, fingers digging into Kanut’s forearm, holding
the healer back in an iron grip.
For a moment, they both stared at Zuko’s hand, and then Zuko swallowed, gaze slipping to
meet Kanut’s. Part of him didn’t expect the anger he saw there, part of him did, the same way
he was brave enough to ask the question he did but still held Kanut back when the words
were voiced.
“Are you angry with me?” Zuko whispered, and the anger in Kanut’s eyes stilled a moment,
widening in confusion, before the healer sighed.
“Not with you.” He said tiredly, and Zuko frowned, slowly lifting each of his fingers, letting
Kanut pull away. But if Kanut wasn’t angry with him, then who could he possibly be-.
It hit Zuko with an almost endearing obviousness. Fong. He was angry with Fong. Fong, who
did all this, who made him like this, who took the boy Kanut drank tea with and ruined him.
“He’s dead now.” Zuko said, words blunt and biting, cutting him on their exit. “There’s no
one left to be angry with.”
No one but the person sitting right in front of you, Zuko thought, because that was what it
was all about, that was what the dreams were trying to tell him. The anger that should have
died with Fong, the anger that tormented him in the Fire Nation as he begged it to tell him
why, the anger burning inside right now – it all led back to him. It belonged to him as much
as it was for him.
“Is that why you killed him?” Kanut asked, and Zuko flinched like he’d been hit, unprepared
for Kanut’s suddenness, for the steely way he was staring him down. “To get rid of the
anger?”
“I-…" Zuko stuttered, before working his jaw. “No. I did it because I had to wake up every
day to a five-year-old who was terrified. I did it because I wasn’t able to tell him we were
safe because as long as that man was still breathing, we weren’t.” Zuko snarled, glaring. “I
did it for Zi Se.”
Kanut was quiet for a moment, expression pained, before sighing, sitting back a little. “Okay,
tough guy. Okay.”
And it was okay. Everything was okay now. Fong was dead and Zi Se was with Zuko and
they were with the Water Tribe and for whatever inexplicable reason they hadn’t been kicked
out yet, and they were moving on.
But Kanut didn’t believe him.

____
Zuko had shown up at the Western Air Temple yesterday morning, and Kanut had been
saving his stupid life ever since. Zuko had woken up for a little while just before sunset
yesterday, and Kanut could feel the bruise starting to form on his forearm as a result of that.
He'd fallen back into a fitful sleep not long after.
It was dawn the next day, and finally, the fever was starting to break.
“He going to be okay?” Hakoda asked, voice weary. He looked as exhausted as Kanut felt,
watching from the doorway, as if he was scared to come in properly. The Chief had spent the
past day working through strategy plans in a room down the corridor, pacing down here every
hour or so to check in on Zuko before leaving again, never letting himself stay long.
Kanut was sat on the floor, never far from Zuko’s side. He'd been attempting to read a book,
but the words kept swimming off the pages, his mind remembering everything he knew of
infections. Some of that knowledge he’d rather be oblivious to right about now
“I've cleaned his leg and given him a tincture.” Kanut said, clearing his throat when his voice
came out hoarse. “He'll need to change that dressing every day for a while, but we caught the
infection just in time. A day or two longer and it could have got into the bloodstream. You
heard of septicaemia? Sepsis? A fifty-fifty chance of living with that, but he’s exhausted. It'd
kill him, Chief.” Kanut was rambling now, blue eyes staring Hakoda down. “A day or two
longer and he would be dead. He would be dead.”
“Hey,” Hakoda said, frowning as he strode forward to sit with Kanut, “he’s going to get
through this. You already said he’s gotten past the worst of the fever.”
Kanut sighed, an ancient ache in his chest, a helplessness. He'd seen things he wouldn’t tell
Hakoda, knew things from medical texts he wouldn’t share, had heard things from a fevercrazed mouth he wouldn’t repeat. Zuko had a barrage of injuries, most minor or healing
despite weeks of neglect, and Kanut had spent hours treating every single one. Every cut,
every burn, every small scrape, every bruise.
“You should rest. The others are still waiting on your prognosis, and besides, you’re no good
to him half-awake.” Hakoda said, voice taking on a stern tone as he took in Kanut’s drooping
frame.
Kanut wanted to argue, but Hakoda was right, and he’d hit him where he knew it would hurt.
You're no good to him half-awake. It was perhaps the only thing Kanut would listen to right
now. The healer sighed.
“We’ve been here before.” He said idly, remembering a day on the Ullaakut, a lifetime ago,
him and Hakoda together looking over a broken boy and deciding to heal him instead of
throw him away. They were making that decision again. It wasn’t blind this time, or a risk. It
was a certainty, and it rallied Kanut, because for as helpless as he was in this situation, at
least he had this; the knowledge that no matter what happened to Zuko, he would always,
always be there to pick up the pieces.

It was silent for a while, before Hakoda reached forward and gently pushed some of Zuko’s
sweat-soaked hair from his face.
“So has he,” Hakoda said, “too many times.”
They went out together, walking slowly, an unspoken hesitation between the old friends. It
felt wrong leaving Zuko behind in the infirmary. He was safe here, and he was resting, and
his life wasn’t on the line like it had been yesterday, and he’d already woken up once, enough
to know he wasn’t alone, but still, it felt wrong. Hakoda felt it too, but the Chief gently took
Kanut by the elbow and stirred him away.
Kanut felt the full force of his aching joints as he walked, figuring that maybe sleeplessly
hunching over for an entire day wasn’t particularly healthy for him, and when he stepped
outside into the sunny morning air, he squinted, having to shield his eyes with his hand for a
second.
Everyone was eating breakfast, which was good, because it meant they were all together.
Mealtimes, Kanut had noticed, were some of the few occasions where all nineteen – twentyone now – members of the camp could be found in the same place. The loud atmosphere of a
dozen voices talking over a dozen more, laughter and arguing, bowls clunking and the
campfire crackling, oozed over Kanut in a nostalgic warmth. It felt like the village. It felt like
community.
Tomkin and Nanook seemed to notice him at the same time, cutting off whatever argument
they were currently having with Sokka in favour of snapping their wide eyes to Kanut, a
question in their stare. It set off a chain reaction, and the next thing Kanut knew, he had the
eyes of the entire camp on him, a stilted silence weighing him down.
“Well?” Tomkin asked, that small question filling the space.
Kanut swallowed, before cracking a small smile. “I think Chena and Zuko are competing for
who’s been dragged to me unconscious the most times.” He looked at Chena. “Heads up, he’s
now beating you.”
It wasn’t necessarily true, not by a long shot, but it shattered the stifling tension.
“Bullshit!” Chena guffawed, affronted. “Aput, knock me out.”
Aput was already turning towards him. “With pleasure.”
“No!” Tulok yelled, quickly shoving himself between the men like he’d done so many times
before, and just like that, breakfast became enjoyable again, people talking over one another
in comfortable companionship, reassured that the kid they’d all stressed over was doing okay.
Kanut wouldn’t joke if he wasn’t; they knew that.
Bato offered Kanut some food, and in their distraction, no one noticed the figures slipping
inside the temple.
____

The funny thing about Nanook was his responsibility. He prided himself on it, letting it shine
through in cocky maturity whenever Tomkin messed up, but it also meant that when he broke
the rules, Nanook did so with methodical care. Tomkin knew what that spark in his eye
meant, what the quirk of his eyebrow was asking him, and responded with an affirmative
nudge of his elbow into the other boy’s ribs. They hadn’t planned this, but they didn’t need
to. They had a common goal, and now, the path to achieve that had been cleared.
Kanut had finally stopped standing sentinel over Zuko, barking at anyone who dared to
disturb him as he worked, meaning Tomkin and Nanook could finally, finally see their friend.
Tomkin wasn’t surprised by Nanook’s subtlety, because that’s what Nanook did whenever
they went behind the others’ backs, but what he was surprised by was the way Katara’s gaze
honed in on the two of them, studying the silent plotting going on between them.
“Nan.” Tomkin hissed below his breath, quickly flicking his gaze off Katara. Kanut was
talking to Bato, his back to them. It was now or never. They could give a quick excuse,
maybe go around a different entrance. But not with Katara staring at them.
Nanook noticed it too, shifting uncertainly from where they were sat on the floor.
“Nanook.” Tomkin urged again, eyes widening when Katara got up and began walking
towards them.
“Shut up.” Nanook bit out, keeping his eyes resolutely forward, pretending not to have
noticed the girl. Tomkin desperately tried to copy him, but he was already fidgeting, heart
beginning to race when Katara sat down with them.
“You boys wouldn’t happen to be up to anything, would you?” She asked sweetly.
Nanook gave a firm shake of his head. “No.”
“Absolutely not.” Tomkin added.
“Oh,” Katara arched an eyebrow, “so you don’t want to sneak in to go see Zuko?”
Tomkin’s eyes widened in surprise and he snapped his head towards the girl, finally noticing
her expression. It wasn’t accusatory like he’d assumed; it was mischievous.
Tomkin looked back to Nanook and grinned.
For whatever reason, this just became a team effort.
“Suki’s staying with Sokka so she’s already agreed to distract Dad for us.” Katara said, tone
low and scheming. “The rest of us can say we’re going to train together and we’ll go around
the back. Aang knows a side entrance.”
“Wait,” Nanook frowned, “why is everyone going?”
Katara rolled her eyes, like she was just as unhappy with this as he was. “I promised Zi Se I’d
take him to Zuko the first chance I got, which is the only reason why I'm going to see him,

and Toph wants to settle whatever weird friendship-rivalry thing her and Zuko have going on,
and Aang just wants to make sure he’s okay,” Katara scoffed here, like this was a ridiculous
sentiment for the Avatar to have, which; fair enough, hadn’t Zuko hunted the guy? “And now
we’re all going. Except Sokka, who’s sulking and says we’re being stupid.”
Tomkin took a few moments to process all that, before nodding, face splitting in a beaming
smile.
“Zuko will love the company.” He said, knowing Zuko would decidedly not love the
company. “Let’s go.”
____
This time when Zuko woke up, his limbs didn’t feel like lead, and he could see clearly after
only a minute or so of trying to blink away the heavy hum of unconsciousness. Agni was just
rising. He could feel it. Zuko thought the comfort of that tether would never grow old, not
now he knew what it was like to have it severed.
He felt different, better. Kanut wasn’t here this time, and that was probably better too. It
should be better.
With a bitten back groan, Zuko pulled himself into a sitting position, practically collapsing
back against the cold wall after such a strain on his clearly spent body. He was lucid enough
to take in his surroundings this time, and he let his golden gaze slide lazily over the makeshift
infirmary.
It was a small room, a cosy familiarity not unlike the Ullaakut, with Kanut’s equipment
scattered about the place in an uncharacteristic messiness. There was a bucket of water in the
corner of the room, various flannels draped over its side, some of them bloodstained. Zuko
winced, turning his attention to his leg. He wasn’t an idiot. He knew the tea Kanut had given
him before, the tea he barely sipped at but still drank enough of, had been laced with
painkillers. Whatever Kanut gave him, it was strong, but even so, Zuko could feel the painful
sting humming from his leg. Cautiously, he pulled away the furs, picking away his now
tattered trouser leg. He wasn’t sure why he was so surprised by the neat bandages wrapping
snugly from his knee downwards. Maybe part of him was still checking this wasn’t another
dream, was still waiting for blood-rain to start falling from the stone ceiling.
Zuko sighed, shaking his head a little to rid himself of the thoughts and instantly regretting it
when he was hit with a headache. He needed to see Zi Se. He was safe here, but Zuko had
been out of it for far too long, and he didn’t know if the kid was okay, or where he even was.
The thought alone was enough to send shivers over Zuko, and these ones had nothing to do
with the fever. He quickly snatched up his hastily cast aside tunic from the floor, Kanut’s
insistence of ‘rest’ echoing in his mind as he grit his teeth through the agony of pulling it
over his arms. Rest could wait. Zi Se came first.
But as soon as he found the stubborn determination to try to drag himself to his feet, Zuko
heard voices, quickly sinking back and feigning innocence like he hadn’t just been about to
ignore Kanut’s orders completely. But as the voices got louder, their owners getting closer, it
became abundantly clear that it wasn’t Kanut approaching.

A conspiring whisper. A sudden laugh. A quick chastising for being so loud.
Zuko would recognise them anywhere.
____
Having six of them get out of breakfast to go secretly see the Prince of the Fire Nation
despite Kanut explicitly telling everyone that he needed to rest was no easy feat, yet with
Aang’s sweet smile combined with Katara’s cunning and Toph’s brazenness, Tomkin and
Nanook barely had to do anything other than nod their heads. Hakoda let them go with no
more than a suspicious stare, but he seemed reassured by the fact that Sokka and Suki were
making no moves to follow suit. Tomkin had tried to get Sokka on board, but the boy was
stubborn. Tomkin knew what he was doing; insisting he would never warm to Zuko on
principal. You know, exactly like Nanook did at the beginning. Tomkin knew how that went,
and had no problems waiting this out.
“Do you think he’ll be my firebending teacher?” Aang asked hopefully as they took the long
route to Kanut’s infirmary. It was a question that had been unspoken since Zuko arrived here,
but it did seem awfully convenient. Aang had almost given up on mastering the elements
after being unable to find a firebending teacher, and then suddenly, Zuko showed up. It felt
like fate, like destiny, like the Spirits had finally guided him back to his rightful home.
Tomkin wanted to say that to Zuko, wanted to see the way Zuko rolled his eyes and told him
how stupid it sounded, wanted to see him smile regardless. He missed his friend. It was easier
to admit now it wasn’t weighed down with the trauma of not knowing where Zuko was. Now,
the firebender was safe, and he was starting to heal, and Tomkin could simply admit that he
missed him more than words could ever possibly say.
“I think you should let him get his strength back before you start asking stuff like that.”
Nanook said sensibly, and the Avatar pouted a little.
“I guess you’re right.”
“Don’t worry, twinkletoes,” Toph smirked evilly, “you’ve still got plenty of earthbending
training to be doing.”
"And waterbending.” Katara added, shifting Zi Se a little from where he sat on her hip. He
didn’t like it when people other than Zuko carried him. That much had become clear when he
screamed at anyone who tried before – ironically – falling asleep on Chena’s chest yesterday.
But now, he had the promise of seeing Zuko at the end of this, and that seemed to be enough
to convince the kid to do just about anything.
Yeah, Tomkin had a lot of questions to ask Zuko regarding Zi Se.
“Alright, alright, I get it.” Aang groaned, tipping his head back dramatically, before perking
up again, looking fretfully to Katara. “Not that I don’t like our lessons!”
Nanook threw a knowing look to Tomkin, and he rolled his eyes.

Finally, with minimal arguing, they made it to the infirmary, and Tomkin couldn’t tell if he
wanted to sprint inside or freeze in place. Zuko had looked so... different when he came to the
Western Air Temple. He was Tomkin’s friend, and he always would be no matter what
happened, but Tomkin suddenly wondered if he was still Zuko’s friend, if the firebender had
suffered too much to see him as such anymore.
What if he hated him, all of them? They left him, didn’t they? They let him deal with it alone,
didn’t they?
“What’s wrong, Little Tom?” Nanook asked quietly, a fondness in his tone that didn’t suit his
cocky smirk. “Suddenly grown tired of fraternising with the enemy?”
Tomkin scoffed, shoving away his doubts.
It was too late to change the past; everyone did what they had to do. Survival was a barbaric
thing. Tomkin’s parents had taught him that all too well. What mattered was that they were
all here now, together. It meant something. Tomkin would make sure it meant something.
Aang flew in first – rather literally - which broke most of the tension, because by the time
Tomkin made it into the infirmary, the airbender was already forcing too many words into too
many sentences at a very perplexed looking Zuko. Tomkin couldn’t help but snort at the
prince’s expression; sat up casually, his tunic loose around the collar and hair mussed from
sleep, with a face like that of a fish that’s just been netted.
Zuko flicked his sharp gaze to Tomkin at that, and for a second, his eyes narrowed, surprised
as he looked from Tomkin to Nanook and back again, before – in the infinitesimal way that
was Zuko’s – his gaze softened, and Tomkin let out all the fear that had been plaguing him.
“Zuko!” Zi Se cried, pushing from Katara and dashing to the firebender, cutting off Aang’s
spiel about the Blue Spirit. Yes, Tomkin still had several things to talk to Zuko about in
regards to the Blue Spirit, but he figured it could wait as he saw the prince’s face positively
melt at the sight of Zi Se, lighting up like the sun as he caught the kid in his arms, holding
him close.
“Didn’t Kanut say you’d hurt your ribs?” Nanook said, throwing worried glances at the way
Zi Se was pressing against Zuko’s chest. Mama-polar-bear mode, Tomkin thought with a
smile.
“Kanut is exaggerating.” Zuko grumbled, moving so Zi Se was sat nestled against his side.
“Kanut is a trained and experienced healer.” Tomkin countered, and Zuko quirked a small
smile.
“A trained and experienced healer,” he said, “who exaggerates.”
For a second, Tomkin, Nanook and Zuko stilled, holding onto each other in a silent
understanding. They were the only three there, just for a second, but it was enough.
Zuko was back.

He was really, truly back.
Tomkin couldn’t keep the grin from his face even if he wanted to.
____
“Spirits, are you three about to start braiding each other’s hair? Do you want some privacy?”
Toph asked, shattering whatever had passed between the three boys. Zuko threw a pointless
glare her way, but couldn’t bring himself to feel annoyed. He felt... light. Light in a way he
didn’t recognise, light in a way that he hadn’t in a very, very long time. He had so much to
figure out. He didn’t even know what he was doing now he’d told the warriors everything he
came here to tell them. But for now, while Kanut had handed him the excuse of ‘resting’,
while his body was still too weak to even stand properly, Zuko could just... stay.
He could stay. Agni, it felt surreal.
“You’re a spiteful gremlin, has anyone ever told you that?” Tomkin asked Toph
conversationally, sitting heavily on the floor at Zuko’s side.
“They have not. I'll add it to the list.” Toph grinned, proud of herself as she bended a lump of
rock to push herself back onto. And just like that, everyone began to settle down. Zuko had
never been able to figure out why Tomkin and Nanook made the effort to be around him, and
Toph was inexplicable by definition, so Zuko wasn’t too uncertain about their sudden
decision to sit with him, but Katara and the Avatar were a different matter entirely. The
airbender had swooped in here and hardly stopped talking until the others came in, and now
he was crossing his legs at Toph’s side, getting comfortable with a cheerful smile, and even
Katara – who’d up until now been stood rigidly in the doorway – was moving to slowly lean
against the wall in faux-relaxation, as if Zuko couldn’t see the way her hand was resting on
her waterskin.
It made Zuko uneasy. Not the sense of unease he’d grown used to these past four months, but
real unease. Dread and unease were not the same thing. He'd forgotten that.
He thought they were building up to something, he thought this was when they told him to
leave their camp, so when Katara finally spoke, Zuko flinched.
“You’re done chasing us, apparently.” She said, venom in her words. Zuko remembered all
the apologies he’d practised before coming down here, how unworthy they felt. Those words
turned thick on his tongue now, as he looked this girl in the eye and knew all the hurt he’d
caused. And all for a father who never cared and a regime that scorched the world and a fury
that couldn’t be quenched. It was all his, this mess. Every piece of it.
He knew what he had to do, and for the first time in a long time, that aligned with what he
wanted. It made it different, somehow, because within him was still the boy who thought
apologies were for honourless princes, and the boy who let them slip from his mouth in the
foggy desperation of agony, back when he thought if he made himself pathetic enough, Fong
would stop. Apologies had tied so tightly in with pain in Zuko’s life that they almost invited
it, but Zuko had once walked the tundra with a great man, and when he apologised, nothing
happened.

And this was different. It had to be different this time around. Zuko had to believe it would be
different. He was clinging to it like it was the harness keeping him to the cliff-face as he took
his first few steps out of the ravine.
“I’m sorry.” Zuko said, voice gravelly but determined, stubborn with the need to get this out.
“You have no reason to trust me, and I get that. I do. I did... terrible things. I’ve done terrible
things. But... for the stuff that happened, the stuff I put you through,” he looked between
Katara and the Avatar, “I’m sorry.”
Nanook was giving him a strange look a little like pride, and the silence of the infirmary
would have been strangling if Zuko had any more energy. As it was, he was still so tired, and
he was happy to wait. That was the best thing about having been through the worst already;
every other terrifying thing suddenly became bearable.
The Avatar spoke first, expression becoming serious, which even Zuko knew was rare, his
grey eyes hinting at an ancient wisdom.
“The last time I saw you, you saved my life.” The Avatar- Aang said. “And now, I know
about you and the Water Tribe. There's good in you, Zuko. I think...” He hesitated, before
smiling a little. “I think you’re meant to be here.”
It knocked the breath from Zuko’s lungs for a moment, that declaration. Staying had been a
surreal dream, a temporary gift. But this, this welcoming from the Avatar himself... it was too
much, too tempting, too good to be true.
Aang looked expectantly to Katara, and Zuko swallowed before doing the same, forcing
himself to stay steady under that piercing blue stare. It was familiar, at least.
“How can we trust you?” Katara asked. “You’re the Fire Prince, and you’ve tried to hurt
Aang before. How can we trust you won’t turn on us again?”
This was more like what Zuko was expecting, and there was a comfort in that. He deserved
this.
He opened his mouth to respond but was beaten to it by Toph, who had spent the
conversation sat in suspicious silence.
“It’s not my job to earn your trust on Sparky’s behalf,” she said, “but I can tell you this much;
he hasn’t lied. Not about being sorry, not about what happened in the past; he’s telling the
truth”
That made Katara narrow her eyes, and for a moment, Zuko thought she was going to argue
with the earthbender, a sudden anger filling her features as she absentmindedly touched her
necklace. But then she looked over to Aang, who looked so... hopeful, and something in her
softened.
When she turned back to Zuko, Katara looked resolved. She seemed to struggle for
something to say, awkwardly stumbling over this new terrain the same way Zuko hadn’t even
found his footing yet, before her mouth settled into a hard line.

“If your ribs start giving you trouble,” she said slowly, “I guess I could try heal them with my
waterbending.”
Zuko recognised it for what it was. This wasn’t Katara worrying about his wellbeing; this had
nothing to do with his injuries. No. This was a truce. Not a forgiveness, not a helping hand,
but a truce.
It was more than what she owed him. It was so much more and Zuko almost couldn’t look at
her because of it. This was his understanding. The people here were good, and good people
do stupid, selfless things, like offer an enemy help no matter how much it pains them because
it’s the right thing to do. It was more than what she owed him and it was something he wasn’t
a good enough person to have offered if the roles were reversed, because he wasn’t. He
wasn’t good. It was why he left the Water Tribe once, and it was why he would have to leave
them again once he was stronger.
Except...
Except the Avatar didn’t want him gone, and his friends were here, and he wanted to rest, and
staying sounded an awful lot like healing, and... and...
And it was complicated, but Zuko knew a truce for what it was.
“Thank you.” Zuko said quietly, accepting this fragile peace for however long it lasted.
The room seemed to be holding its breath in that moment, before shattering to the sound of
Tomkin sighing in relief.
“Well, that’s that!” He said, beaming at Zuko and Nanook.
“Spirits, this got dull fast.” Toph huffed, a few black bangs flicking in front of her eyes before
settling again.
“Yeah,” Aang agreed with an easy-going laugh, but Zuko didn’t miss the grateful glances he
was flicking towards Katara, “let’s do something fun. Nothing too fun though, because Zuko
has to rest.”
Zuko groaned, contemplating pulling the furs over his head. If one more person said ‘rest’ in
front of him-.
“We should play a game!” Zi Se said in excitement, looking happily up at Zuko. “I played
one earlier with The Duke.”
“The Duke?” Zuko asked in confusion
A warm smile crossed Katara’s face. “Zi Se’s made friends with another kid here called The
Duke, isn’t that right, Zi Se?”
Zi Se nodded, face lighting up in such an innocent happiness that Zuko had to lean against
the wall a little more to hold himself up.

“He knows loads of cool stories.” Zi Se said, fiddling with his necklace. He was starting to do
that whenever he got excited about something, not just when he was nervous.
“If it’s stories you want,” Nanook said, an evil glint in his eye, “then I could tell you about
the time Tomkin thought he was a firebender.”
The room filled with several immediate responses of interest and one hearty groan of despair
from Tomkin, but by then it was too late for complaints, because Nanook was already telling
a tale of the South Pole, of scorched shirts and burnt bridges, and when he tried to leave out
the part about him running through the village shirtless, Tomkin eagerly jumped in.
Retaliation here was painless, was fun, was in the eye of friends. Zuko found himself just
sitting back, a small smile on his lips as he felt Zi Se slowly fall asleep against him as he had
so many times before. They spent four months like this exactly, except now, Agni was rising
through the window, bright light flooding a room of laughter and bewilderment and questions
and safety.
Look. Look at what you have.
Look.
Choose this.

Chapter End Notes

it's about the physical act of healing representing trust. it's about food as a love
language. it's about being seen and the mortifying ordeal of being known. it's about
anger and not knowing where to put it. it's about finally letting yourself rest. it's about
the difference between having the choice to stay and choosing to stay. it's aboutalso i know a lot of zuko's fever dreams really went 'wouldn't it be so fun and quirky if i
brought up every minor character in a 200k+ fic' so if you're confused:
- mizu is the boy zuko kissed when he was younger; he got caught and was punished by
ozai because being gay is still very much illegal in the fire nation
- lanse is zi se's older brother who was killed (read it and weep lanse death deniers) in
fong's base back in ch19
- lee is more of an obvious one but it's been a hot minute since we mentioned him, so
he's the guy who died wayyyyyy back in ch1 and caused most of the inner turmoil in
book 1
hope that clears things up a bit <3

Chapter 34: ii. Golden
Chapter Notes

hi i've finished exams i've dyed my hair i'm going on a girls holiday down south for a
week tomorrow im new in town. thank you so much to all of you who wished me luck, it
genuinely meant the world and FINALLY i am free from a-levels. college i will see you
never. uni i'm coming for you watch your back. as always, any and all comments left on
this fic brighten my day. i have reached a point where it's very difficult for me to
respond to all of them (and what a lovely problem to have!) but i do see and read each of
them so thank you <333
there have been quite a few gift fics since i last updated and they're all just *chef's kiss*:
Lee's Beautiful Voice by novaauster - a 'what if lee wasn't dead' fic that is so creative
and honestly written so well
The Day's Just Keep Getting Stranger, Don't They? by BenTheBard - a fic inspired by
taob with the author's own OC in it
Is This To End Or Just Begin by verdanthoney - a chena and zi se post-war fic that made
me stare at the wall for like 4 minutes. hannah you writing deity im leaving offerings at
your shrine
The Art of Burning (dumb bitch version) by oliveoilcafe - written like a chapter
summary and made me ugly laugh in a way i'm not proud of
we're definitely getting into a western air temple arc now and it's VERY similar to the
south pole arc in that the character focus is much more prioritised over plot, which is a
nice break after the shitshow of book 2 so far. hope you like it nerds, i've missed you and
ily and all that jazz yeah whatever. hope you're having a lovely summer, don't do
anything i wouldn't do xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Zuko watched the sunrise from where he sat on the infirmary window’s ledge, his good leg
dangling and his other leg stretched out over the stone. It was a dizzying drop down if he fell,
but he trusted his balance, and in this moment, head leaning back and eyes lidded to Agni’s
golden touch, he was happy to just bask in the warmth. He’d fallen asleep to a nightmare and
woken up this morning with his mind insisting that he was trapped again. Not being able to
see the sky did that to him, and the confusion of sleep had only exacerbated it. It was nice
here though, on the window. Kanut had told him he needed to take it easy and Zuko knew
he’d get an earful if he was caught up and about like this; he could stand now, hobbling about

the place when necessary, but his body still felt wiped out, every strain of muscle becoming
exhausting.
But it had been a few days, and he just... he needed this.
Zuko sighed, rooting through his pocket before his fingers wrapped around a familiar weight,
pulling out his pai sho tile and holding it in his palm so that the light hit it. It was a sorry
excuse of a game piece now, after everything they’d seen together. Zuko smirked as he
imagined Uncle’s chagrin upon seeing one of his beloved white lotus pieces defaced to such
an extent, bloodied and worn and chipped, but then his smirk fell. Uncle wasn’t here. He was
at the White Lotus camp. Zuko had been too cowardly to face him.
“You’re up early.”
Zuko’s flinch wasn’t innocent at the sudden voice, head snapping to the doorway to see
Hakoda there, rubbing his blue eyes a little groggily. Zuko's heart began to race, breath
hitching in his throat.
He hadn’t seen much of the warriors these past few days. He'd been in and out of
consciousness during his fever, and after that his sleeping patterns had felt almost as warped
as they had when he first got out of Fong’s base. His body was playing catch up, and healing
was a slow, gruelling process. But for the first time in months, Zuko was being given the
space he needed. Rest. It still sounded so farfetched, food in crooked fingers ready to snatch
it back from him, yet here he was, resting, spending the days being bossed about by Kanut
anytime he pushed himself too hard. Kanut made sure no one ever bothered Zuko for too
long, herding Tomkin and Nanook out whenever they got too loud, snapping at Toph
whenever she went to punch Zuko’s arm, undoubtedly remembering what happened to him
when he caught Zuko off guard last. Zuko hated being babied, being forced to spend hours
and hours just sat here doing nothing, but there was another part of him, one he’d never let
Kanut see, that melted into it. He'd been the carer for so long. It was nice to be cared for.
Still, that usually wouldn’t be enough to make him cooperative. Zuko hated sitting still, and
these past few weeks had seen him almost as restless as he had been when he first started
looking for the Avatar. He didn’t want to be left alone with his mind. It scared him, the places
he could go there. It was why he kept quiet about his ribs for so long.
But Zuko went with it, Zuko rested, because at least it kept him away from Hakoda.
Or at least it had kept him away from Hakoda, but here the Chief was, a stern set to his
shoulders, almost like he knew Zuko had been avoiding him and wasn’t going to stand for it
any longer.
“I rise with the sun.” Zuko said sullenly, refusing to hold Hakoda’s gaze but refusing to turn
his back on him either.
Hakoda wasn’t swayed, chuckling. “I remember. You were always bothering Aput at the
crack of dawn asking what chores needed doing.”

Zuko didn’t smile at the memory, at the warmth that tried so hard to blossom in his chest, but
it was a near thing. His days on the Ullaakut had been so confusing, but looking back, he
wished he’d known how lucky he was. He would have appreciated the time more, if he’d
known it was about to be cut short. Hindsight was a wicked thing.
It was silent for a while before Hakoda sighed loudly, slowly making his way over to the
window, careful not to wake Zi Se from where the kid was sleeping beside Zuko’s bedroll.
The Chief leaned against the window ledge, turning to look at the way the sun hit the ravine.
“We need to talk.” He said simply.
Zuko’s insides twisted, fear tracing his spine, and all the warning in the world couldn’t have
stopped the way his heart thundered in his ears. He’d known this was coming. He'd tried to
set it off by avoiding Hakoda – feigning sleep when the Chief came in, even going so far as
to ask Kanut to keep people out whenever Zuko knew Hakoda was coming down the corridor
– but he couldn’t avoid him forever.
Zuko knew what would happen now. Of course he knew. It was all so simple.
Simply put; Hakoda was a good man and wouldn’t turn Zuko away when he was injured like
this, but Hakoda also had to know that Zuko wasn’t a good man. Zuko was bad and that
knowledge had echoed in the blue of Hakoda’s eyes back in the Boiling Rock. Because of
that, because of that disappointment Zuko had seen in him that day, because Zuko had said
what he came here to say and was now on borrowed time, Hakoda had no other choice but to
ask him to leave. And Zuko knew it was coming, Zuko had planned for it himself, had sworn
he wouldn’t stay, couldn’t stay, because he didn’t belong here. But it still hurt. Partly because
he knew it would hurt Hakoda. Zuko had only been here a few days, and he was forcing the
Chief to turn him away, something he would see as cruel. Zuko had only been here a few
days and they were already catching his badness like a disease.
His own morality exposed like that, frowned upon like that, made Zuko remember sitting on
a beach, two hands holding blue fire, no judgement for what they were or what they’d done.
He was allowed to be angry with Azula. He was allowed to be hateful in the Fire Nation. But
he didn’t want to be. He left knowing the accountability that came with that.
The reminder made Zuko sit straighter, finally looking up to find the Chief already watching
him.
Zuko deserved this. He could handle it.
“I understand.” Zuko said, staring into deep blue eyes, wondering how he had ever looked
into them and once thought he saw his father’s cruelty echoed back.
Hakoda worked his jaw, searching for the words, before sighing, as if deciding to just get on
with it.
“You’re avoiding me.” Hakoda said in that blunt way of his, and Zuko couldn’t help how he
pressed back against the wall, as if trying to hide in its stone. He'd known Hakoda was too
smart not to notice Zuko’s evasiveness lately, and Zuko had never been known for his

subtlety, but still, of all things, this was what Hakoda was starting this conversation with?
Zuko had thought there was nothing else to say, aside Hakoda telling him to return to the side
he truly belonged to, the enemy, where they burned blue and killed without regret, that
Hakoda had hugged him, had let him stay, for old time’s sake and nothing more. He hated
him now. He had to. It was what made sense. It was what he saw in that library.
Zuko felt cornered, opting to glower back out the window like a coward.
“Listen, Zuko.” Hakoda sighed, his words losing their certainty. He didn’t know how to talk
to Zuko like this. He knew Zuko as a prisoner, or Zuko as one of the crew. He didn’t know
this version of him. Neither did Zuko. “I don’t know what your plan is, and I think I'm
entitled to guessing that you probably don’t have one, but I need to know why you’re
avoiding me. If it’s because you don’t need us anymore, or you don’t like it here and you only
came to warn us and then leave again the first chance you get, then that’s okay. I can respect
that. You've been away longer than you stayed with us, and you’ve seen a lot. That's okay.”
He repeated, and it felt like a knife gently slipping between ribs. “But if you’re avoiding me
because of something else, I need to know. I want to help.”
Zuko could only stare at him, his mind working too quickly in a desperate attempt to figure
this out, a headache growing. He was tired, weak still, supposed to be resting, not doing
mental gymnastics trying to figure out what the fuck Hakoda was doing. Telling Zuko he
respected his decisions, that it was okay he had changed, saying he wanted to help, speaking
like the prospect of sending him away, what Zuko had assumed was the whole purpose of this
conversation, hadn’t even crossed his mind. What was Zuko supposed to do with that? And
all the while, his fists clenched tighter over his pai sho tile, and he remembered jumping from
the Ullaakut, strong arms pulling him back to safety. An enemy saving an enemy without
hesitation.
No.
He wouldn’t let himself consider the possibility of forgiveness. He wasn’t strong enough for
that hope to be crushed.
“You don’t need to pretend.” Zuko said, voice a tired rasp, eyes settling on his hands,
nervously using his nail to try and scrape a stain off the white lotus tile. A red stain, long
since dried, coming off in flakes.
Hakoda frowned. “Pretend what?”
It sent a bolt of frustration through Zuko. Everything they’d been through together, and the
Chief was really going to play dumb?
“You don’t need to pretend,” Zuko hissed, “that you’re okay with what I did.”
Silence, oppressive and stifling. Currents of wind darted through the ravine in whistling
bursts, a few pebbles dislodging and beginning their long fall to the bottom. Zuko held his
breath, summoning the courage to finally look Hakoda in the eye, but when he turned his
head, his stomach dipped in surprise.

Hakoda's expression was open, eyebrows pinching upwards a little in the middle, blue eyes
sad. He looked guilty.
“Is that what this is about then?” Hakoda asked gently. “You think I'm angry because of what
happened in the Boiling Rock?”
Not angry, Zuko thought. Angry didn’t quite match the way Hakoda had looked at him in that
library. It was disappointment, a bit of fear, disgust. He hated him. He had to hate him.
“I saw...” Zuko trailed off, realising just how much he didn’t want to talk about this,
swallowing and biting out the words, “I saw how you looked at me. I know what you
thought.”
“And what do you think that was?” Hakoda asked, face stony, serious, waiting.
Zuko just stared at him, as if staring would reveal what was going through the Chief’s mind
right now. He didn’t understand. He didn’t understand what he was asking him or what they
were talking about or why Hakoda wouldn’t just get on with it and make him leave. This was
worse than a clean blow. At least that was something Ozai always got right. He didn’t stall.
Frustration won out, impatience and self-hatred simmering Zuko’s tongue.
“I can’t stay here after what I did.” He snarled, speaking slowly, like he was speaking to
someone simple. “I don’t deserve to, and I know you don’t want me to.”
Hakoda didn’t flinch, but his eyes widened ever so slightly. It went quiet again, less heavy
than before. The words were out now, the judgement being cast. Zuko almost relaxed into it.
“Zuko.” Hakoda finally breathed, nothing more than his name, eyes fluttering shut as if he
was hurting. He looked a little like he wanted to reach out and touch Zuko, but he stopped
himself, and Zuko was grateful. He knew he’d flinch. He didn't want Hakoda to blame
himself for that.
“Zuko,” Hakoda started again, finding his voice and pinning a steady blue gaze on him, “do
you remember what I said to you, a few days before we made port at Weihai?”
He could have meant anything; there was a time Zuko and Hakoda spoke every day, sharing
quips and jokes. But Zuko knew what he meant. He remembered being asked into Hakoda’s
cabin – asked, not ordered - and sitting in that large chair. He remembered the Chief’s words,
soft and strong all at once. It doesn’t have to be complicated. You can stay or you can go. You
aren’t a prisoner anymore.
Zuko suddenly couldn’t speak, but Hakoda must have seen in his eyes that he remembered,
because he gave a small smile.
“I said,” he continued, “that we wanted you with us, we wanted you to stay. I still stand by
that.”
Zuko shook his head, burying the butts of his palms into his eyes in frustration. Everything
was curling up in his throat and he just wanted to scream.

“Stop.” He hissed. “Stop acting like nothing’s changed.”
“It has changed.” Hakoda cut in firmly. “I know it has. You've changed.”
And yeah, that stung a bit, hearing it confirmed even if Zuko already knew there’d been a
murder in his own body.
“You’ve changed,” Hakoda said again, softer now, gently tugging Zuko’s shirt like Zi Se
often did, urging him to lower his hands and look at him, “because you need us even more
than you did back then, Zuko. The rest we can work through together.”
Zuko wanted so suddenly to look away. The words, the stare - all of it was so heavy and he
didn’t think he could keep meeting it head on like this. He was just so tired. This... this
wasn’t rest. He didn’t want rest and he didn’t think he didn’t want this but that didn’t make it
easy. Easy, like it had been with Azula. Easy, when the things he’d done warranted pride and
not a declaration that he needed someone. But maybe he did. Zuko thought of those days
after escaping Fong. He was Prince Zuko to Tovah and Lee to Zi Se. He had felt so alone and
so certain he was fine, but he knew he wasn’t. That loneliness, the terror of it, the
existentialism; he was just one boy. Just one boy unable to shoulder all that. He'd been raised
to translate that to mean he was weak, but Hakoda taught him months ago that that wasn’t the
case. He wasn’t weak; he was just one boy.
So he didn’t look away. Really, when had Zuko ever been good at looking away? He looked
at Zi Se sleeping curled in on himself. He looked at the lines of Hakoda’s hands; war-worn.
He looked at the small plants burrowed into the side of the ravine, curling up towards the sun,
fragile greenery pushing aside rock to make their home somewhere they never should have
been.
“So you’re saying...” Zuko started carefully, feeling that tiny bit of hope bloom in his heart
again, daring not to squash it down this time.
“That you always have a place with us.” Hakoda said firmly, lips pulling into a warm smile.
“We want you to stay here, while you’re healing and after. Zi Se too. And Zuko,” Hakoda
frowned a little here, smile falling, “I need you to know I don’t hate you for what you did. I
never have done. I didn’t do enough for you at the Boiling Rock; I was so focussed on
stopping you from hurting yourself. But that man got what was coming to him. I only wish it
hadn’t been you being burdened with enacting that.”
The hatred that twisted into Hakoda’s tone when he spoke of Fong left no room for questions.
Usually, Zuko pulled back when Fong was brought up, but he was so stunned by everything
he was being told, by the simple, unrelenting honesty in Hakoda’s expression, that he could
hardly breathe. He wanted Zuko to stay. This version of Zuko. Zuko, with blood on his hands.
Zuko, who refused to be touched. Zuko, who was bad and broken. Zuko, who took the boy
they used to care about and turned him into a killer. Hakoda was taking all of that and
looking it head on and telling it, him, to stay.
Zuko bit his cheek to keep back an embarrassing urge to cry.

“You’re not...” Zuko said quietly, desperately exhausting all possible reasons for why this
was happening. “This isn’t because you think you owe me, is it? Because of Oro and
Renmin? Because if that’s the case then-.”
“What? No.” Hakoda said, almost smirking, like the idea was ridiculous, before his face fell
into something accusing. “Wait, who’s Oro and Renmin?”
Zuko had the distinct feeling he’d just snitched on himself, the distant memory of two Earth
Kingdom soldiers surfacing in his mind, still hearing how their bones had snapped and the
dirt had swallowed them.
“They were the ones who brought me to Fong. I fought them in Gaoling.” Zuko said, leaving
it at that because he realised there was no way Hakoda could possibly have known about the
events that led to his disappearance. All the Chief could know was that Zuko left his sword
and wasn’t seen again until four months later. Guilt sat heavy on Zuko’s shoulders.
Hakoda’s expression darkened, like he was remembering something. “Right.” He said slowly,
narrowing his eyes. “And they beat you, did they? Completely fairly?”
Zuko realised belatedly that Hakoda was already connecting the dots, cursing himself for
bringing it up. It all felt so childish, and it should have frustrated Zuko, made him impatient,
but a part of him that he thought died in the shadows of a cell felt the sudden urge to smile a
little.
Zuko ducked his head. “Mostly fairly.”
“Zuko.”
“I really did fight them.”
“Zuko.”
Zuko sighed. He'd already dug himself this hole, and he knew Hakoda was stubborn enough
to sit here until Zuko spilled.
“They threatened you. Said they’d bury the camp if I didn’t cooperate.” Zuko mumbled,
feeling stupid for it. If he’d known what it would lead to, if he’d known Oro and Renmin
would die and he would be subjected to four months of horror, would he do it again?
All it took was for Zuko to glance up at Hakoda’s exhausted expression, at the way Zi Se
held his necklace in his sleep, for him to know he’d make the same decision, and that
terrified him, the knowledge he could go through it all again just because he couldn’t
stomach apathy.
Hakoda let out a very long sigh. “And you didn’t ask us to help because...?”
Zuko frowned, thinking the answer was obvious. “Because I didn’t want you to get hurt.”
“So let me get this straight,” Hakoda said, pinching the bridge of his nose, “in the time
between you leaving that sword and you being taken,” he hesitated here, not liking that word,

not liking the rest of the story despite this being one small part they could maybe joke about,
“you could have told us about those soldiers, but instead you left and fought them on your
own, and lost the fight not because you couldn’t defeat them, but because they threated the
camp. Is that right?”
Zuko glared moodily back at the Chief, wanting to tell him that it made sense at the time but
knowing that would just make him sound immature.
Hakoda sighed once more, rubbing a hand down his face and looking back at Zuko.
“It doesn’t matter.” Hakoda said, like he was trying to convince himself more than Zuko.
“You’re back now, safe.”
It sounded a little like an order, and Zuko felt the sudden urge to argue. He had never agreed
to staying. He still didn’t understand it. How could they just let him back like that? After
what he’d done? Who he’d become? How could Hakoda be so... so...
Unconditional.
“And if I decide to leave?” Zuko hissed petulantly. “Take Zi Se and walk away?”
Hakoda's smile flashed with mischief. “You could certainly try, but I know the difference
now between giving you the autonomy over your own choices and letting you walk yourself
into self-destruction. I didn’t before. I won’t let you do that to yourself again. Do you
honestly think you’re strong enough to unlatch Tomkin and Nanook from you if they even
thought you were going somewhere? That's very cocky, Your Highness. They're tougher than
they look.”
Zuko glared, dumfounded for a few moments, but when he spoke, he found his words had no
bite. “What happened to you respecting my choices?”
“I said I'd respect the conclusion you came to.” Hakoda shrugged innocently, “I didn’t say I'd
sit back and let you act on it.”
“So you’re holding me prisoner? Again?” Zuko asked, frustration coursing through him, but
also something else, something fond.
“Not quite.” Hakoda grinned as he folded his arms smugly. “Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation,
you are grounded.”
____
Hakoda was talking to Prince Zuko. This was a fact of life, one Katara was still coming to
terms with, because no matter how many days passed now with Zuko staying at their camp, it
didn’t make it any easier for her mind to come to terms with the fact that Zuko was staying at
their camp.
That was how Katara found herself in one of the hallways of the Western Air Temple, foot
tapping impatiently against the dusty floor as she tried so hard not to eavesdrop, but the door

she was stood beside led to the infirmary, which led to where Zuko was staying at their camp,
which led to where Hakoda was currently talking to Zuko.
These past few days - since Zuko regained consciousness and him and Katara shared the
closest thing to a truce that they would get - had been strangely calm. Katara never thought
Zuko’s presence would lead to her using the word calm, and that’s what made it all so
unsettling. For months, Zuko’s face was the one Katara saw when she thought of the enemy.
She thought of all the nights twisting and turning, grasping for a necklace that had been lost,
had been stolen. She thought of the nightmares, the fear in Aang’s eyes, the furrowed brow of
her brother who was trying so desperately to keep them safe. All because of this boy.
And yet, her father looked more at ease than she’d seen him in weeks, a sense of relief to him
now everyone was here and everyone was okay. Katara had spoken to Hakoda, asked for
details, hidden away to think on them, coming back each time for more, more, more of the
story that was slowly starting to make itself comfortable within her. She was okay with it.
That was what she was realising. She hated it, the contradiction, because she was still so
angry at Zuko and what he put them through, but she also saw Zi Se – who she’d dedicated
hours of her days to now, trying to coax him out of his shell – and she saw Aang’s excitement
at possibly having a new firebending teacher and she saw her father and her tribe talking and
laughing like a weight Katara hadn’t noticed before had been lifted, and she saw Zuko. Katara
didn’t visit him, because that implied that she cared and was there to keep him company, but
she was still the one who did the food, and Zuko wasn’t strong enough to join them for
mealtimes. It was the one thing he didn’t try and push his luck on with Kanut, so Katara was
the one who brought his food. Tomkin and Nanook could have done it; they’d offered
enough. But Katara... she was keeping an eye on things. Nothing more.
She wasn’t curious, because that would be childish, but she’d seen how Zi Se had been with
food that first time, and even as the days passed, Zi Se didn’t ease up, only eating when he
absolutely had to and always trying to sneak off to eat with Zuko. Usually, Katara just
brought Zuko’s food and left, sometimes throwing him a scathing comment about how the
idiot’s ribs weren’t going to heal with him lounging moodily by the window like that, but
today she’d had plans.
Plans her talkative father was currently ruining.
Katara sighed impatiently, holding the hot bowl of soup in her other hand before it became
uncomfortable, and then she walked inside the infirmary, schooling her face into something
sharp.
“Katara.” Hakoda greeted warmly. He'd been mid-way through a low chuckle, leaning
against the window ledge where Zuko was sat again, probably pulling his broken ribs all sorts
of ways they ought not be pulled.
Katara fumed. “Dad, he’s supposed to be resting.”
“You sound like Kanut.” Hakoda said, like this statement concerned him a great deal. Katara
took it with a sense of smugness; for all the healer's rough edges, she’d always loved him a
great deal, and as a healer she admired him.

“Where is he anyway?” Zuko asked, the question clearly aimed at Katara but turned towards
Hakoda. He did that a lot, Katara was noticing. Almost like he was... timid. Like he was
scared of her. No, not scared. Zuko never really seemed scared of anything these days, and
not as a point of bravery, but a point of... disinterest, if anything, like he’d seen worse. It was
frustratingly confusing.
“He’s eating with the others.” Katara said, tone a little snappier than she meant. She'd always
resented even the implication that she was being overlooked. She turned her glare to Hakoda.
“Like you should be. The food's getting cold.”
Hakoda’s face twisted into a familiar grin and Katara’s glare softened.
“Well,” he said, slapping his hands to his thighs as he pushed himself up, “I can’t argue with
that.” He turned to look at Zuko, catching the firebender’s weary gaze, expression turning to
what Katara recognised as his ‘anxiously stern’ face. Katara couldn’t help but bristle
uncomfortably. That was the face he gave Sokka and Katara a lot, sometimes Tomkin, rarely
Nanook. It was theirs. His tribe’s. Not Prince Zuko’s. But she forced it down. She was
beginning to understand that, to Hakoda, to a lot of the warriors, Zuko was theirs now.
“Think about what I said, okay?” Hakoda said, and Zuko tensed. A few moments passed
heavily and Katara was painfully aware that something was transpiring right in front of her,
and then Zuko caved in the form of a tiny nod, flicking his golden eyes back to the ravine.
Hakoda grinned again, victorious, and left the infirmary with a passing ruffle of Katara’s hair
that she immediately slapped away, but it did the trick, pulling a small smile from her.
Which left stifling, obvious, awkward silence.
It passed a few beats with Katara just stood there, moving the soup from hand to hand as she
thought through what to do now, and Zuko still sat on the window, now watching her with
narrowed eyes, like he expected her to waterbend the soup right into his face. She couldn’t
say it hadn’t crossed her mind these past few days. Usually, she’d set the soup by his bedroll,
a request for him to get off that stupid window dressed up as a petty refusal to hand it him
directly, and then leave as quickly as she could before he had the nerve to try and start a
conversation. Not that he would. Katara honestly didn’t know why Tomkin and Nanook and
now Toph too enjoyed his company so much, sneaking off to the infirmary whenever they
could and staying for as long as possible before Kanut kicked them out. Every time Katara
came in here, Zuko just stared at her, not quite glaring, almost waiting for something awful to
happen.
It was clear Zuko could tell something was different about today, because his gaze slipped
down to the soup, then back up to Katara, a new, almost competitive glint in his eyes that
made her want to take a step back.
She cleared her throat.
“Get down. I can try take a look at your ribs.” She said coolly, making a clear move of setting
the soup down by the bedroll and then stepping back from it. Zi Se was still asleep in the
corner of the room. Katara enjoyed the little boy’s company; he was quiet for his age, but

everything he said was so surprisingly astute that it made him a decent companion. Better
than Sokka any day, but that wasn’t really saying anything.
“What.” Zuko said bluntly, barely sparing her a moment before returning his stare to the
food, a muscle in his jaw tensing. He didn’t move.
Katara placed her hands on her hips, impatient, but she couldn’t deny the way her heart was
racing. She'd known there was something going on with Zuko and Zi Se and their food, she’d
known and that’s why she’d done this, to confirm, to try and help, but she was starting to
think this was a mistake.
“I don’t have to help you, you know.” Katara snapped, and that got Zuko’s attention, his head
jerking towards her, eyes wide. “Healing is complicated and tiring and I could be wasting
energy on better things than helping the boy who hunted us. You could at least look a little
grateful.”
“I am.” Zuko said suddenly, voice a hoarse whisper, like he’d shoved the words out without
fully meaning them. He cleared his throat. “Grateful I mean. It's just-.” He turned back to the
soup. “It’s just... I can’t-.”
His eyes clouded with that darkness from before, the one that made Katara want to open her
waterskin, feeling so utterly vulnerable, so unarmed, when he looked like that, before he
almost forced himself to turn to Zi Se. Zi Se, who was still curled up in his furs, sucking his
thumb. Something in Zuko, tiny and alive, softened, like he was giving up, and with that, he
stood, barely wincing when he moved despite the pain Katara knew he was in. She couldn’t
help but jump back in surprise, not knowing what he was thinking.
Which left her incapable of doing anything but staring in horror as Zuko roughly grabbed the
bowl of soup and tipped its contents out of the window.
Katara stared, mouth hanging open, and Zuko stood there for a few moments, body hunched
like he was trying to stop himself from jumping after the damn food. It was what did it for
Katara – that posture, that strange flash she’d seen in his eyes, the way his hands were
shaking. She bit back the shout on her tongue, because Zuko was acting like the food’s very
presence had suffocated him.
This... was bigger than Katara thought.
As angry as she wanted to be, as angry as she probably should have been, she just took a
deep breath, nodding to the bedroll when Zuko’s guilty eyes reluctantly met hers. He
hesitated at first, as if he couldn’t believe she was just letting it go, before cautiously taking a
seat. Katara sat in front of him, closer than she would have liked, but she was thinking like a
healer now, a healer who had no bias, no reservations, only the urge to mend.
“Can you lift your shirt?” Katara asked, and she wanted to sound kind but it just came out
harsh, because this was all still so weird and every second with Zuko felt like she was
wobbling on a knife’s edge between pitying him and hating him.
Zuko didn’t move, expression troubled, reluctant.

“I don’t have to-.” Katara started, trying to make sense of what she knew to be fear sitting
low in his eyes, no matter how much she wanted to call it anger or hatred or anything else.
“Water healing doesn’t require... I won’t touch you.” She finally whispered, gentle, and it
shouldn’t have hurt when the boy’s face flooded with unbridled relief, but it did.
“You’re... sure?” Zuko asked, tone weak, almost like he felt sick and was only speaking
because he knew he ought to. Spirits, what if his fever was coming back? Kanut hadn’t slept
properly in days. Of course, the healer would never admit it was from worry. Katara chewed
at her cheek a little, before remembering the question, letting that concern melt into
confusion.
For a moment she almost snapped at him for implying she wasn’t capable, but then she
looked at his hands, gingerly holding the fabric of his tunic, the scratches and scars and the
hint of ruined skin circling his wrists. Katara sucked in a breath.
She knew Fong, and she’d known, in some capacity, that Zuko’s existence with Fong
wouldn’t have been passive. There would have been active, malicious acts, hatred breathed
into hatred, violent men living unchecked. She knew Fong. She knew his mindset. She knew
he was willing to even hurt the Avatar to end this war. She knew that, if that was his attitude
with his allies, then his attitude with his enemies would be abhorrent.
She knew what was coming, so she nodded resolutely and Zuko lifted his shirt, and she didn’t
turn away even when she wanted to.
He flinched when she popped open her waterskin. Hard. Keeping still, not getting up and
bolting, seemed to be a conscious effort for Zuko, fitful golden eyes flicking to Zi Se every
time Katara moved. She'd never seen him like this. Zuko was a fighter, in the most frustrating
sense of the word. Zuko chased what he wanted and would take it by any means necessary.
But this boy before her now wasn’t who she’d known all those months ago. It made
everything curl within her, the confusion that had plagued her turning into something else.
The knife’s edge was blunter now. Hatred or pity. It seemed an obvious answer.
The water was cool around her hands as she called it up and moved to hover it over Zuko’s
ribs. Katara made sure not to stare, instead letting herself get lost in the act of it. That way,
she didn’t have to notice the way Zuko was grinding his teeth, the way his hands were
clenched like he might lash out at her. That way, she didn’t have to think about the soup and
what that could possibly have meant. That way, she didn’t have to look at all the scars.
Which left the breeze twisting through the ravine, Zi Se’s low mumbles as he turned in his
sleep, distant shouts from where the others were eating, Chena’s obnoxiously loud laugh
cutting through the quiet, the memory of the last time Katara did a healing session, the wound
on Aang’s back, weeks of a coma, Azula’s lightning reflecting in the same golden eyes as the
boy beneath Katara’s hands-.
“Agni,” Zuko muttered, his tone still so horrendously forced as Chena shouted something
else, “does he ever shut up?”
Katara drew back quickly, water splashing back into the waterskin and her heart suddenly
racing.

“Chena is a beloved part of our tribe and if he wants to make noise, he’s entitled to that.” She
hissed, and Zuko flinched at her sudden animosity, like he hadn’t even expected her to hear
him. Katara was just as stunned, horrified that her control had slipped so easily from her, but
the knife was sharp again; she’d cut herself on it. Zuko would always be Azula’s brother and
Ozai’s son. He would always be the face of the enemy. Katara was trying so hard to
overcome that, to listen to Kanut and be better than those who had hurt her, but thinking of
Aang just for Zuko to try and insult one of her tribe? It was too much. Protectiveness surged
through Katara. She wouldn’t stand for it.
Zuko just watched her with that strange wide-eyed yet cautious expression, both painfully
vulnerable and impossibly closed off all at once.
“I didn’t mean it like...” Zuko started, careful, eyeing her waterskin. Katara was scaring him,
and Spirits, was that a good thing? “Chena’s just... Chena.”
The worst part was that Katara already knew, deep down, that Zuko hadn’t meant it in a bad
way. Hakoda had told her everything, and this boy was not the boy she’d known all those
months ago, and everyone, Chena included, got a strange glint in their eye whenever he was
mentioned. But it was just so much easier to hate Zuko, so much easier to see Fire Nation and
think evil. This acknowledgement, this realisation that she fussed over Zi Se and pitied Zuko,
meant that inherent evilness didn’t exist, and that was tricky, and Katara was tired.
“I suppose he is pretty loud.” She cleared her throat, water returning as she forced herself to
relax. “One time, Dad banned Chena and Sokka from sitting together because they were just
that annoying.” A smile crept on her face at the memory of Sokka and Chena sat opposite the
campfire like two children being told off. Sokka had been a child at the time of course, but
Chena was a grown man, a big one at that, and his moody indignance had been hilarious.
Zuko allowed the smallest of smiles, uncertain but helpless to the mental image all the same,
before frowning.
“You don’t like your brother.” It was said more as a question, but there was a certainty to his
tone, like he refused to believe anything else.
Katara paused her bending, looking directly at Zuko with wide, surprised eyes. “What makes
you say that?”
Zuko’s frown deepened, mouth opening to say something before clamping shut, like he was
suddenly very confused.
“Sokka’s just...” her lips curled up a little, “Sokka. He's an idiot and he’s loud and he’s not
nearly as funny as he thinks he is, but he’s also smart and kind and my brother. Of course I
love him.”
Zuko just stared, and stared, and stared. Katara shifted uncomfortably, focusing once again on
healing. When Zuko finally spoke, his voice grated out deeply, quietly, like he was
withholding something.
“You know, he saved my life.”

Katara paused. She hadn’t known that.
“Probably regrets it now though.” Zuko smirked, but it turned into more of a wince as he
returned to paranoidly watching her work. Katara was jolted by her earlier protectiveness, a
diluted form of it, more conversational than confrontational.
“Give him more credit.” She said, trying to figure out what Zuko was talking about and why
hadn’t Sokka told her? “He’s not cruel, even though sometimes I think he wishes he could be.
He wouldn’t regret something like that.”
Zuko narrowed his eyes, thinking, and Katara returned to her bending. The rest of the healing
session passed in tense silence, Zuko still so flighty beneath her hands. Every time it seemed
to become too much, his golden eyes sought out Zi Se, but it never seemed to calm him. No,
instead, whenever he saw the little boy, Zuko would tense up, almost remembering a higher
purpose, and he would only grind his teeth harder.
Katara pulled back sooner than she should have, but she was worried if she kept up then
Zuko might just pass out. Besides, Zi Se was stirring now, lifting up a head of groggy eyes
and atrocious bedhead that made Katara want to gently pat it down. It was the first time all
morning Katara had seen a true, unreserved smile from Zuko. It softened him. He should do
it more, she thought.
“I was starting to think you’d never wake up.” Zuko said as Zi Se made his way over, sitting
heavily down on Zuko’s side. Instead of answering, he just looked at Katara, who offered a
warm smile, before burying his face in Zuko’s arm self-consciously.
Katara had noticed with Zi Se that he was a boy of very few words, especially in the
mornings, but when he was with Zuko, he could almost become mute. He relied so heavily
on the firebender that it seemed all forms of independence leeched from him the moment he
knew Zuko was there. It had been getting better slowly – very slowly – these past few days,
and the more Katara persisted the more comfortable Zi Se got with her, but it was far from
the energetic children of the village that Katara was used to.
“There’s food outside, Zi Se.” Katara said, putting on a happier tone to try and lure Zi Se out.
“Why don’t we go get some? You both must be hungry.” She threw a loaded look Zuko’s way
when she said both, and he had the decency to look embarrassed, but there was also a
darkness that crossed him at the reminder of food.
Zi Se looked up to Zuko, as if for permission, and the prince hesitated.
“I think he’s fine here for a little longer.” Zuko said carefully, and Katara frowned. She’d
encountered Zuko’s protectiveness of Zi Se a few times these past few days, but they were
few and far between compared to Zi Se’s attachment to the firebender. That was a much
bigger problem; the little boy always running back to Zuko as soon as he could instead of
being with others like a normal five-year-old. It wasn’t healthy, and usually Zuko saw that,
tried to push Zi Se out of his comfort zone. But this healing session had clearly pushed Zuko
out of his comfort zone, and if the firebender was going to put his foot down on any matter,
then it would be Zi Se.

Katara narrowed her eyes on Zuko, before turning back to Zi Se, brightening her smile. “The
Duke will be there, don’t you want to see him?”
Sure enough, Zi Se’s amber eyes lit up at the sound of his new friend, small face turning
hopeful as he went to get to his feet, but Zuko only grabbed his wrist and pulled him back
down again a little roughly.
“I said he’s fine.” Zuko hissed, and Zi Se looked up at him, pouting. Katara felt her heart
begin to race, remembering exactly what it was like to be this boy’s enemy.
But Zuko wasn’t backing down, and as sad as he was to miss seeing his friend this morning,
Zi Se would always pick Zuko. There was a massiveness to their relationship, something
impenetrable that all the hours in all the days would never see Katara surpass. It felt like
watching a home burn down, helpless to put the fire out.
“Alright,” she conceded, trying to remember patience, kindness, sympathy, all the things her
mother taught her, her mother who was taken from her because of golden-eyed men like
Zuko-, “I’ll leave some food for you both outside the door.”
Zuko took it like a slap to the face, despite Katara’s sharp tone. He just stared at her, and she
realised with some guilt that he’d honestly been expecting a fight. Sometimes, breaking the
cycle can feel like surrendering to what happened, but it isn’t. Katara sighed, getting to her
feet.
Katara made it to the doorway before she heard a mumbled, rushed, but for all that authentic;
“Thanks.”
She smiled a little, before leaving the two alone.
____
As soon as the waterbender left, it became impossible to push the panic down. It flapped
wildly in Zuko’s chest, stuttering his breathing and making his throat tighten. He'd had to sit
there, helpless, as she waterbended. It all twisted within him; the panic, the fear, and at the
forefront, always, was anger. He was so angry with himself. Katara was one of the good
guys. If she’d truly meant to hurt him today, it would have gone against everything Zuko had
built them all up to be in his head. He'd assigned them such a strict moral code, so blunt in its
lines; good or bad. Good people didn’t take advantage of an injured boy’s trust, no matter
how much he might deserve it. And besides, Katara was Hakoda's daughter. It was ridiculous,
but the blue of her clothes, her eyes, would always relax something in Zuko. With it all, he
knew he was okay with Katara, just as he knew he was okay with Hakoda or Kanut. All of
this was just residual instincts telling him to survive, survive, survive. But he wasn’t in
survival mode anymore. He could live now, here. He could stay. Hakoda wanted him to stay.
In fact, Hakoda was leaving him little choice to do anything but stay.
But Katara had once been an enemy. He knew just how capable of hurting him she was, and
when she wasn’t an enemy, that left her as a stranger. A stranger who Zuko didn’t trust. He
didn’t want her near him, with her bending and her fake kindness, so close to touching him,
scars all revealed for her to see, but what choice had he been given?

If it weren’t for that damn soup, he might have been able to get out of the healing session, but
after he threw it away, he’d owed her. It was that simple.
The thing that scared him the most was the mindset he felt himself shift into the moment he
realised there was no escaping Katara. She honestly thought she was helping, but she’d
forced Zuko into that state of vulnerability, nowhere to escape, incapable of running. And
instinctively, without even thinking about the connotations, Zuko made himself look at Zi Se.
When Spider would bait him, when the guards would drag Zuko to Fong, he looked at Zi Se.
Whenever he thought the fear, the anger, might overwhelm him, he looked at Zi Se. Because
Zuko was the sacrifice, his ruined skin a currency to pay for Zi Se’s innocence. If they didn’t
focus on Zuko, they would focus on Zi Se. If he forgot that for even a second, forgot why he
mouthed off to Spider, forgot why he kept forcing himself to stay alive for days, weeks,
months, then Zi Se would have all that hatred and agony turned onto him.
He knew Katara had been spending time with Zi Se. He knew and it made something bitter
inside him want to grab the little boy and pull him away from her. But Katara was not Spider,
or Fong, and the Western Air Temple was not the prison cell. Zuko had been offered trust,
safety, and his automatic response was to protect himself from it.
“Zuko?” Zi Se asked quietly, and Zuko blinked, grounding himself so suddenly that a wave
of nausea hit him, meeting worried amber eyes. “What’s wrong?”
Zuko was breathing heavily, hands clutched in his hair hard enough to hurt, but Zi Se was
here with him. They'd made it. It was just a stupid fucking healing session, but Zuko felt like
he’d survived a threat to his life. Agni, what was wrong with him?
“Come here.” Zuko mumbled, and before Zi Se could even question it, Zuko had scooped
him up, holding him tightly against him. Zi Se was warm and so small, so fragile, his hair
tickling Zuko’s nose as he happily held Zuko back. He smelled of Katara’s cooking, but
beneath that, his tunic held the tell-tale memory of campfires and long walks through
woodland, and Zuko could feel Zi Se’s dagger still strapped so tightly to him – he hadn’t let it
go, not once.
Zuko was the problem here, it was obvious. None of this was a big deal. Someone touching
him wasn’t a big deal. Having food in the room and not being able to eat it straight away
wasn’t a big deal. But it was. It was and he didn’t know why he couldn’t get over it. He'd
never felt anything like the way his insides had curled when Katara put that soup down, his
mind firing question after question despite knowing he was wrong. Did she just change her
stance? Was she asking him to fight for it? Was she going to take it away?
Throwing the food out had been almost as painful as keeping it so close, but the only other
alternative would have led to him wrapping trembling hands around Katara’s neck. The
thought scared him. All of it did. He did.
He was trying so hard to do good, even if he wasn’t, but he was bad at it, and he was bad at
being bad, and he couldn’t do anything right.

Think about what I said. Zuko breathed in deep, calming. You always have a place with us. It
was the strongest of loneliness, to feel so different, so alone, in a place surrounded by people.
Zuko exhaled, meditative, like Uncle taught him. The rest we can work through together.
Small hands pushed at Zuko a little. “Too tight.” Zi Se mumbled into his neck, and Zuko
cursed, loosening his grip a little, but he really, really didn’t want to let Zi Se go. Not yet. He
was starting to calm down and he just needed a moment. It was all so stupid.
Zi Se, however, had other plans, too young to even realise what was happening, too young to
acknowledge the threat that had just been here.
“Can I go play now?” He asked, pulling back to look hopefully up at Zuko.
Zuko sighed, trying not to feel that strange ache that had begun to manifest within him. It
wasn’t like loneliness, or betrayal, but it wasn’t unlike it either.
“Let’s just stay here a little longer.” Zuko said, and a week ago, Zi Se wouldn’t have
questioned it, but now, the kid’s eyebrows furrowed and he pouted moodily.
“But I want to play now.”
Zuko stared for a moment, blindsided, before letting Zi Se go, pushing him away a little.
“I said no.” Zuko hissed, and he tried to tell himself this was no different than the tantrums Zi
Se would pull in the White Lotus camp, or on the journey here. He was just a child acting
childishly. No more. But the panic was resurfacing within Zuko, because the smarter part of
him knew this was deeper than that.
“That’s not fair!” Zi Se shouted, stomping his foot. “The Duke said he’d tell me about the
Freedom Fighters today! And I want to go check out this stream we found and-!”
Zi Se’s words carried on in an enraged rant, ricocheting around Zuko’s skull in a headache.
Just noise, all of it, a barrage to explicitly say from Zi Se’s own mouth that he didn’t need
Zuko.
“Fine!” Zuko finally snapped, rage clawing up his throat, and Zi Se flinched. “You want to
go? Then leave! See if I care!”
Zuko didn’t yell at Zi Se often, and the kid hated it every time that anger got the best of
Zuko, too familiarised with Spider’s shouts, with the way Lanse had fought when he was
taken, with the way Zuko’s voice only ever raised when he wrestled for food.
Zuko watched the kid’s face, the flush of colour, the sudden wateriness of his eyes, but where
usually guilt would stab at Zuko the moment he shouted, he now felt that ache again, curled
up with his anger that wasn’t going away.
Zi Se sniffed, before turning and running out of the room.
“Fuck.” Zuko whispered, head falling into his hands.

Zi Se was getting better every day. He played and he smiled and he ate with the others.
Akinari had said one day Zi Se would remember nothing, and he’d have no scars because
Zuko never let him get any scars, and he was leaving Zuko behind because Zuko couldn’t get
better. It made him so fucking angry, so bitter, and he hated himself for it. Was he truly so
cruel as to resent Zi Se for this? For doing exactly what Zuko wanted, what Zuko couldn’t?
For moving on? For still having some of his innocence left while Zuko’s own festered in
rage?
Zuko couldn’t get through this by himself, and he wouldn’t be allowed to get through this by
himself, but it just seemed so helpless. Some corruptions couldn’t be fixed, and Zuko’s
hatefulness was so deeply etched into his heartlines that he might as well be a lost cause.
He didn’t belong anywhere. He thought of the community within the Water Tribe, how they
flowed together like their element, the love and care they extended even to their enemies
because they refused to let this war take that from them. He thought of the strength within the
Fire Nation. No chain to be snapped by a weak link; you are strong or you are banished by
thirteen. Zuko didn’t belong to either. You had them all fooled thinking you were so good, but
you aren’t. Azula had looked so vehement. He'd never seen her yell like that. And then Ozai,
stood in the flame. You are no son of mine. Banished had a finality to it. Damnation. A
bloodline severed and a tribe that would never flow through his veins no matter how much he
begged.
Zuko's breathing was coming quicker now, the dull ease from Katara’s healing and Zi Se’s
hug being replaced with a sharp sting, and he held out his arms on his legs so that his
forearms were turned upwards, pushing the sleeves back. Marred skin, the yellowy kiss of
still-there bruises, wrists bound by memory, and veins beginning to stand a little with every
second he held his arms out. Blood. Water. Family. Dynasty.
Zuko was destined to hurt people. His lineage was one of pain. A great-grandfather who
called for war and the burning of one’s love. A grandfather who decided the worth of life. A
father who took a blazing hand to a screaming child. Zuko could try and fight it, but those
men lived within him, in his bloodstream. Sozin, Azulon, Ozai.
And Ursa, a voice whispered. Ursa, the woman who did terrible things not because they were
terrible, but because they were necessary. Though she took a man's life, she was not evil.
Was Zuko?
____
It's not that Sokka’s a drama queen and more so that he has an above average tendency to
lament on the miserable and imbalanced state of the universe. No, seriously; he’s friends with
the Avatar; he’s entitled to his opinions on the universe’s antics in a way most people – who
are not friends with the Avatar – aren't.
That was to say that he was grievously unprepared for the situation he’d been met with on
what was once a fine morning. He'd woken up late to a well-aimed kick from his sister, who
seemed in a worse mood than usual as she told him breakfast was going cold, and had
groggily been making his way through the temple after washing up a bit only to run directly

into a sniffling five-year-old boy. Now, don’t get him wrong, Sokka didn’t mind Zi Se, but Zi
Se was still something that was very much Zuko’s territory, and for his own peace of mind,
Sokka was trying very hard not to cross onto Zuko’s territory. He stayed in his part of the Air
Temple and Zuko stayed in his little infirmary. That way, Sokka could look like he was
standing by his agreement to just give him a chance, like Suki said, while also not throwing a
blunt object at the firebender’s head when he inevitably pissed him off. Win-win.
But even Sokka couldn’t prioritise his personal grudges at the sight of Zi Se sitting crosslegged in the corridor just around the corner from the infirmary, his little hands covering his
eyes in a poor attempt to stifle the tears falling from them.
Sokka cursed, not nearly awake enough yet to be dealing with this. For a moment, he looked
down the corridor, praying that Katara or literally anyone else who liked kids would show up,
but when it was apparent that Sokka was alone for this one, he moved and sat down beside Zi
Se. The boy barely came to his shoulders, hunching into himself more as if he wanted to
move away from Sokka.
“Hey, it’s okay.” Sokka said soothingly, gently pulling Zi Se’s hands down and using his
thumbs to push aside more of his tears. “Wanna tell me what happened?”
Zi Se shook his head stubbornly, but didn’t pull away, and Sokka took that as a good sign.
“I just want to help, Zi Se. I can’t do that if you don’t talk to me.” Sokka said, again keeping
his voice calm. There was a lot he didn’t remember about his mother, and it twisted him up
inside with a familiar self-hatred, but this, this calmness, this patience – he knew this. He saw
it in Katara. He saw a lot of Kya in Katara. More than what was in him.
Zi Se finally looked up at him, amber eyes puffy, face all blotchy and snotty, before pulling
out his necklace and beginning to chew it.
“Zuko yelled at me.” Zi Se mumbled, and Sokka carefully schooled his face to remain
attentive. A more immature part of him wanted to latch onto this. The past few days had left
him with a feeling awfully familiar to what he felt back in Makapu Village, telling everyone
they were in danger and being met with nonchalance, their total faith in that ridiculous Aunt
Wu making them blind to a literal volcanic eruption. But Sokka had been right then.
Was he right now?
But he pushed it down, almost wanting to groan with the ugly maturity of it all. Give him a
chance, Why was it that Sokka always had to be the bigger person? Wasn’t that why he’d
trusted Zuko so quickly in the Boiling Rock anyway? He'd finally found someone he wasn’t
responsible for, someone he wasn’t charged to protect, someone on equal footing. That's why
it had all hurt so much after... after... But that... Yeah, it was definitely too early to be getting
into that.
“Yeah,” Sokka sighed, “he does that. What happened?”
Zi Se crossed his arms with a ‘humph’, clearly not intending to elaborate, and Sokka tried not
to roll his eyes. At least the tears had stopped.

“Hey,” Sokka said, poking Zi Se’s side, “what’s that face for? Very stoic of you, Lord Zi Se.”
He poked him again and this time earnt a surprised giggle that Zi Se quickly tried to hide.
“What’s this? Are you ticklish?”
“No!” Zi Se was grinning now, going to push to his feet only to be swept up in Sokka’s arms.
The kid’s loud laughter filled the corridor as Sokka tickled him, Zi Se’s own hands
desperately trying to retaliate.
“Stop!” Zi Se cried, a smile splitting his face, and Sokka finally put him down again with a
smile of his own.
“Apologies, my lord, it won’t happen again.” Sokka said with an obnoxiously formal voice,
earning another giggle from the kid.
“I’m not a lord.” Zi Se insisted with a huff, and Sokka couldn’t hide his smirk.
“You sure?” He asked, narrowing his eyes. “Could’ve fooled me with that fancy necklace.
And you’ve got that cool dagger.”
Zi Se grabbed his necklace, smile becoming smaller, warmer, but then his hand fell to where
Sokka knew he kept that dagger, and his smile disappeared entirely. Zi Se sat back down,
scrubbing an arm down his face to wipe away the last of his tears.
“The dagger was a gift,” Zi Se said quietly, “from Zuko.”
Of course it was, Sokka mentally sighed, because he couldn’t have just found the damn thing
somewhere. No, it all had to come back to the angry jerk.
“You know,” Sokka said, “it’s never okay to yell at a little kid. Zuko shouldn’t have done
that, no matter how angry he was.”
Sokka wanted to feel that familiar burn within him, the burn that hated Zuko and added any
and all evidence against the prince to a steadily growing list, but Sokka also liked logic. He
liked logic far too much to ignore the fact that Zuko adored Zi Se. It was frustratingly
obvious. He wouldn’t just upset him like this. Which made Sokka start wondering what had
happened, and then he was wondering if something was wrong, and then he was wondering
why he was even interested because it was still Zuko and he didn’t care if something was
wrong with him-.
Zi Se was staring, eyebrows furrowed, like something Sokka said was incredibly confusing.
“Sometimes, don’t kids have to be yelled at?” He asked, those eyes so wide, so vulnerable.
“If they do something wrong or say something disrespectful?”
It was Sokka’s turn to frown now. He didn’t like where Zi Se was going with this. There was
a lot Sokka didn’t know about the Fire Nation, but in the Water Tribe, parents yelling at small
children was frowned upon. If a child did something wrong, something bad, no matter how
extreme, it was the adult’s job to respond with calmness. It still wasn’t fun to be on the
receiving end of one of Hakoda’s scarily calm lectures, but the premise still stood; children

were to be protected. Yelling and throwing tantrums did nothing but stoop to their level, and
adults were supposed to be better than that.
“No,” Sokka said, before giving a bit because he’d seen enough of the world now to know it
wasn’t always like that, “well, at least not where I'm from. But even if someone does yell at
you, Zi Se, it doesn’t always mean you deserve it. You're too young.”
Zi Se’s face scrunched. “I’m nearly-.”
“Yeah, yeah, nearly six, I know.” Sokka smirked, rolling his eyes, and Zi Se looked appeased
for a second before returning back to contemplation. It was quiet for a while before Zi Se
spoke again, and when he did, he uttered the words so carefully that Sokka almost missed
them.
“My dad yelled a lot.” He said, staring at his hands in his lap. “Him and Lanse argued all the
time. I didn’t like it.”
Sokka swallowed. “Lanse?”
Zi Se nodded jerkily, holding his necklace and taking a few moments to respond. “My big
brother. He’s not here anymore; the Earth Kingdom men took him. Zuko says he’s gone and I
won’t see him again.”
The Earth Kingdom men. Fong’s base. Sokka was taken back to a cramped storage cupboard,
the flickering orange lamp above his head throwing a torso of scars into shadow. What
happened to you? No answer. No words possible to form the answer needed. Sokka begged
Zuko to stop in that library, and he’d been haunted by the broken-gold stare he’d gotten back.
I wish I could. Hakoda told Sokka what had really happened to Zuko, what had led to him
doing what he did that day. And Suki, so strong, mind made up. I won’t vilify him for what
happened with Fong.
Sokka had been very purposely ignoring all of... this. This side of things, this side that made
his chest ache, but when he met Zi Se’s amber eyes, the realisation of what had happened to
Zi Se’s brother hitting him, it all clashed together inside Sokka and it was impossible to
ignore.
Zuko and Zi Se spent four months with a man so full of cruelty that it couldn’t even contain
itself. Zuko's body would forever memorialise that cruelty, and Zi Se would never see his
brother again. And despite it all, Zuko had dragged them both back out into the sun, alive.
Zuko killed Fong, but the truth was, Sokka didn’t really hate him for it. He wanted to. Spirits,
did he want to. It would make things so much easier. But he didn’t. He got it. And now,
supposedly, despite it all, Zuko was choosing good. He'd warned them about an oncoming
attack. He returned to a tribe that considered him a friend.
But the thing is, Sokka’s hatred of Zuko really didn’t have very much to do with Zuko. It was
a realisation he wasn’t ready for, but one that he’d known, deep down, for days now. He'd
ignored it, shoved it away, insisted he hated Zuko for all these other things. I hate Zuko
because he made an accomplice of me, he betrayed my trust, he hunted us, he’s the Fire
Prince. I hate Zuko because everyone is letting him in but they haven’t seen him the way I

have. Excuse after excuse after excuse, and they were valid. Sokka was entitled to all of that,
all of that anger and confusion and frustration. But it wasn’t the truth, and he’d tried to
pretend it was, but it wasn’t, and with Zi Se sat here now, Sokka couldn’t pretend anymore.
The truth lay within Sokka, lay within a flawed invasion plan, lay within failure and
responsibility, lay within a chance taken, a chance thrown back in his face. A fool, his mind
hissed, you should have known better.
“Can I go play now?” Zi Se asked, and it snapped Sokka back to reality, shaken as he looked
at Zi Se. The kid looked fine, like the thought of his brother had consumed him but had
passed now, and Sokka knew that kind of grief all too well, the kind that sits with you for the
rest of your life. You just learn to live with it, and this little boy that never should have had to
was learning to live with it.
"Interrogating the enemy, Snoozles?” Toph’s sharp voice almost made Sokka jump out of his
skin, and he jerked to the side to see her stood at the end of the corridor with her hands on her
hips, a knowing grin on her face. Sokka had been very vocal to her about his thoughts on
their new Fire Nation companions, and felt the urge now to deny any and all involvement
with them.
Instead, he smirked down at Zi Se, hauling them both to their feet. “Lord Zi Se has been most
cooperative.”
Zi Se hit his leg, smiling, before finally running off to play.
“Don’t even say it.” Sokka said the moment the kid was out of view.
Toph, as always, ignored him. “They’re growing on you.”
“They?” Sokka squawked, because despite his recent realisation-slash-acceptance-of-whathe-already-knew-but-was-in-denial-about, he still had a reputation.
“They’re a package deal.” Toph snorted, punching his arm when he got near enough. “Can’t
have one without the other.”
“I despise you.” Sokka said charmingly, and they made their way to breakfast.
The warriors were all gathered in the clearing, laughing and talking loudly over one another,
and Sokka easily found his usual place between Suki, Tomkin and Nanook, Katara
wordlessly handing him a bowl with a small smile that said ‘sorry for being moody this
morning’, or at least that’s how Sokka was choosing to interpret it.
“You get lost?” Tomkin asked with a grin as Sokka immediately dug into his food.
“Sokka was just-.”
“Yes,” Sokka jabbed Toph in the ribs, “I got lost.”
Tomkin took it with a laugh, but Suki and Nanook narrowed their eyes and Sokka got the
distinct impression that between the two of them they were analysing every thought he’d ever

had. He gulped, focussing on his food.
“That’s a lie!” Bato yelled suddenly, looking scandalised, and Sokka turned his attention to
the heated conversation currently happening between Bato, Aput and Chena.
“Chena will vouch for me.” Aput said with a smug shrug, turning to the big warrior in
question.
Chena held up a solemn hand. “I vouch that you did, in fact, completely backstab us in
Shuhon Prison.”
Bato groaned loudly, looking close to throwing something. “How long are we going to keep
having this conversation?!”
“Until you accept that you started the fight!”
“Aput did!”
“Spirits,” Hakoda said, head in his hands with the impression he was fighting off a headache,
“we’re lucky you were all more helpful in the actual invasion.”
Something tightened within Sokka at the mention of the invasion, and his gaze dropped back
to his half-eaten food. It wasn’t often that Sokka lost his appetite, but he placed the bowl on
the floor beside him, mouth like sand.
“I don’t know,” Kanut said, and Sokka caught his eye, something knowing in their depths, “I
think they’d be just as useless if it hadn’t been for Sokka’s planning.”
There were hums of agreement from the group, someone – probably Toph if the
aggressiveness of it was anything to go by – smacked Sokka’s shoulder, and he found himself
tensing up completely. Everyone turned to look at him, and Tui and La, here it came. The
awkward avoidance, the pity, or worse, the disappointment. He'd failed them. He'd failed all
of them.
But none of that came. Chena made an obnoxiously loud howling noise, Aput grinned
wolfishly, and Bato had this strangely proud expression that he didn’t usually get, but it was
nothing compared to the one currently on Hakoda’s face. It was enough to make Sokka flush,
stuttering for a moment.
“But...” He started. “But it failed.”
“It failed because of a factor none of us could ever have predicted.” Hakoda said, voice
steady. “That doesn’t change the fact it was one of the best invasion plans I've ever seen,
son.”
Yeah, so Sokka wasn’t about to sit there spluttering like an idiot at breakfast in front of
everyone, but it was a near enough thing, because that, this, those words – it was everything
to him. He'd been so terrified of broaching the topic, so terrified of what he thought was
inevitable. He thought they’d hate him, he thought there’d always be a part of them that
would never forgive him, but here were his family, and there was pride in their faces. They

didn’t hate him; they were impressed. Even though he failed. Even though he got them
captured.
Sokka felt like he’d just sucked in a breath of air after drowning.
Breakfast continued like normal, the adults returning to their bickering, Tomkin and Nanook
laughing about something beside him, Aang and Katara talking quietly to each other nearby,
and Sokka just sat there, dumbfounded.
“Maybe you can give him a chance now, yeah?” Nanook asked suddenly, making Sokka
jump as he turned to face the older boy.
“Who-... What?” Sokka asked, because he definitely didn’t remember starting whatever
conversation Nanook had assumed he was privy to.
“Zuko.” Tomkin filled in with a mischievous grin, leaning over Nanook a bit to keep their
conversation private and earning himself an elbow to the arm. “Suki said you said you’d give
him a chance, and today’s as good a day as any, right?”
Sokka only then remembered that people could not, in fact, read minds, and he let out a
nervous chuckle.
“Oh, I thought you meant... because of the invasion.” He said, rubbing the back of his neck.
This was a weird morning. He should have stayed in bed.
Tomkin frowned in confusion. “What has Zuko got to do with the invasion?”
“Absolutely nothing.” Sokka said, smiling a little too widely. “Nothing at all.”
Because he didn’t, and that was the point. Today's as good a day as any.
Maybe they were right. This grudge was hardly sustainable, and giving the jerkbender a
chance didn't mean he had to be his friend. It was just... another chance.
Weirdly, the thought of risking this again, of taking a chance on Zuko again, didn’t twist him
up like it had yesterday. The relief of closure, of finally knowing that the invasion didn’t
weigh on the tribe as it did on Sokka, had in turn eased some of his hostility towards Zuko,
and it made no sense, but at the same time, Sokka understood it. It was easier to hate Zuko. It
was easier to understand that Sokka failed in the Day of Black Sun, but didn’t fail in the
Boiling Rock, that that was all Zuko. Admitting that they were both times of his own
misjudgement, accepting that he’d miscalculated again, fucked up again, had quite honestly
terrified him. If he couldn’t be the brain of Team Avatar, then he was nothing. He was
useless. Sokka couldn’t be useless.
But here, his tribe had his back. They didn’t see his plan as a failure, and Zuko wasn’t turning
out to be the big threat Sokka had pinned him as. He didn’t need to be so cynical, so
paranoid, of the prince, assuming that he tricked him in the past and would do so again,
because Sokka had exaggerated it in his head, so terrified of repeating the same mistakes that
he refused to give Zuko anything. But he could see it now, clearly for the first time in days. It

was all just... turning out alright. And it removed most of Sokka’s vitriol towards Zuko with a
suddenness that almost winded him, leaving behind just general dislike.
But, don’t get him wrong, that general dislike was still strong. Sokka would never like Zuko,
but now, that would be because they were just different people, and because Zuko was an
annoying idiot. It didn’t have to be so personal anymore.
“You look like you’re sulking.” Nanook said simply, a smug glint to his eyes.
Tomkin turned to Nanook with a smirk. “What’s the difference between sulking and
brooding?”
Nanook thought for a moment, humming. “One has a worse attitude.”
“But which one?” Tomkin asked with an exaggerated gasp, the two boys turning back to
Sokka and narrowing their eyes like he might have any idea what they were talking about.
Weird morning, Sokka thought, very, very weird.
____
It had been two days since Zuko woke up from his fever, and in that time, not once had
Tomkin and Nanook been able to shake the others in order to see him alone. Toph always
wanted to tag along, or Aang would leap over the moment they got up, and one time even
Tulok had come, which was a big deal because most of the older warriors had seemingly
made a silent agreement to wait for Zuko to come to them. Tomkin got it, he did. He
remembered the fear he’d felt right before seeing Zuko in the infirmary that first time,
wondering where they stood now, what had changed, and he’d been close to Zuko in a way
the older warriors weren’t. Well, as close they could have gotten in the month they were
given, before it was all snatched away.
But today, finally, was different. When Nanook got up after eating, hauling Tomkin – who
was still chewing, for Spirit’s sake – to his feet to go and see Zuko like they always did after
mealtimes, no one got up to join them. Tomkin had thought for a moment there that this
might be the day Sokka’s curiosity overpowered his stubbornness, but the other boy was
staring rather angrily at the charred logs of the campfire, deep in thought. He’d need a little
longer to sulk- sorry, think.
Which left Tomkin and Nanook. Alone. To go and see Zuko. In the infirmary.
Just like a day five months ago, when none of them knew any better.
They made it all the way to the temple’s entrance before their plans were ruined by a bundle
of unadulterated vengeful lemur.
“Momo!” Tomkin cried, immediately trying to grab the animal from where it had latched
onto his hair again. Nanook hadn’t hesitated to start laughing at him, being absolutely useless
and letting Tomkin struggle alone.

“You’ve made a friend, Little Tom.” Chena guffawed, and great, now the others were
laughing too, and all Tomkin could do was seethe as he pried claws away from his literal
scalp.
“Shut up and help me!” Tomkin yelled, gasping as he managed to grab Momo and hold the
cretin at arm's length from him, too scared to let him go. Nanook was almost doubled over at
this point; Tomkin couldn’t wait to have his hands free so he could knock that stupid grin off
his face.
“Nah,” Aput said, blissfully kicking his feet up, “looks like you’ve got it handled.”
“Aang, help him.” Katara sighed, unimpressed by everyone’s antics, but her order lost its bite
with Toph cackling over it like that. Tomkin fumed.
“He’s just getting comfortable, that’s all.” Aang insisted with a reassuring smile, just as
Momo got loose and lunged for Tomkin’s face. It was all Tomkin could do to hold back an
unmanly scream as he returned to fighting for his life.
“Does this,” he bellowed, “look comfortable to you?!”
Eventually, Nanook got his shit together - but only after milking the comedy factor of
Tomkin’s misery for as long as possible – and finally pried the lemur away. Momo let go
easily, still infatuated with Nanook for no reason, and Nanook cooed at the little menace in
his arms like it hadn’t just tried to rip Tomkin’s hair out.
“Traitor.” Tomkin muttered, kicking Nanook’s ankle and earning a frightening hiss from
Momo.
“He doesn’t like you because you-.”
“Stop bringing that up!” Tomkin groaned, and Nanook started laughing all over again, that
laughter following Tomkin even as he walked inside the temple, fingers desperately trying to
fix his ruined wolf tail.
He stormed into the infirmary, giving himself a single moment to take in the scene of an
already exasperated looking Zuko sat on his bedroll with his head in his hands, eyes shut, like
he was fending off a pretty monstrous headache, before Tomkin opened his mouth to retell
the horrors of his morning.
But no sooner had he opened his mouth had Zuko help up his hand, not even looking up.
“No.” The prince said, voice gravelly and a little muffled.
Nanook was at Tomkin’s side now, still smirking but thankfully Momo-less. “No what?”
Zuko looked up then, eyes narrowed, scrutinising the pair. “Are you about to say something
stupid?”
Tomkin paused then, looking to Nanook as he considered the question, before meeting
Nanook’s shit-eating grin with one of his own, turning back to the outnumbered firebender.

“Probably.” They said at the same time, before Tomkin barged in and immediately began
talking.
The truth was, Tomkin would definitely have done this regardless of Zuko’s mood today, but
the other boy looked tired, a different kind than normal, and Tomkin knew he and Nanook
both automatically moved to compensate that. Whether Zuko realised it or not, he always
seemed to relax more when people would just talk at him. Not conversationally; not requiring
a response from him. Just at him, louder than his thoughts, until he was distracted enough
from whatever had been bothering him to perk up a little.
“What did you even do to make him hate you so much?” Zuko asked. He'd lifted his head
now, voice quiet, but he was interacting with the conversation, a little colour now back in his
face. Whatever had had him so in his head before had clearly been chased to the sidelines by
Tomkin and Nanook’s loudness. For now at least.
“I didn’t do anything-.”
“He dropped a rock on his tail.” Nanook said quickly, like he’d known Tomkin was going to
deny it, and Tomkin gasped in horror to hear it said so bluntly and out of context.
Zuko’s lips parted, before he broke into the tiniest, tiniest of smiles. “You dropped a rock on
his tail.”
And then Nanook burst out laughing – at Tomkin’s expense, for the second time that morning
– and Tomkin threw up his hands in dismay.
“Toph threw the rock at me first, I’d like to point out.” Tomkin said in a hurried attempt to
defend himself. “And I caught it, but it was heavier than I expected, because it was a fucking
rock, and it... happened to just... sort of... fall... and Momo was there... and...”
“And you dropped a rock on his tail.” Zuko repeated, Nanook still laughing, and Tomkin
groaned.
“You’re both awful and I hate you.”
It took a few moments before Nanook’s boisterous laughing petered down into badlycontrolled giggles, Tomkin’s moody expression lasting all the way until Nanook snorted
which broke him into his own laughter, shoving the older boy, and it was only then that he
realised Zuko’s smile had fallen, mouth turned down, eyes tracking something with Tomkin’s
movements.
Tomkin followed the firebender’s gaze to see his sleeve had lifted, revealing an old burn scar
on his arm, long since healed, no more than an uneven sheen on otherwise unmarred skin.
Tomkin looked back up again, smile crooked as he met Zuko’s gaze. “Badass, right?” He said
quietly, and Zuko sucked in a sharp inhale, remembering exactly what Tomkin was
remembering.

“Yeah.” Zuko breathed, fingers dancing over his wrists, before his expression turned more
determined. “Yeah.”
That little moment of quiet, that moment of understanding and depth and sudden jolt into the
past, reminded Tomkin of something he’d been wanting to do for a while. He reached into his
pocket, fingers brushing against now-crumpled paper and feeling his stomach flip at the
memory. He looked up to see Nanook already staring at his pocket, having followed
Tomkin’s movement, and the other boy smiled, giving him an encouraging nod.
Tomkin turned back to Zuko and swallowed his inexplicable nerves. “I got you something.”
Zuko immediately frowned, like the prospect was bewildering, and it caused a familiar
frustration in Tomkin, frustration that some people were never given nice things without
ulterior motives, frustration that Zuko had been through so much and all Tomkin could give
him was this shitty scroll.
“What is it?” Zuko asked, cautious now, eyes narrowed, and Tomkin tried not to take it
personally, he really did.
“Well...” Tomkin started, pulling the scroll from his pocket, rolling it back and forth over his
leg anxiously. “I got it in Gaoling, when we were looking around the stalls together. I was
supposed to give it you then, but we sort of... fell out.” Both boys winced; Nanook rolled his
eyes. “So I was holding onto it, to give it you when we were talking again, but then...”
Tomkin worked his jaw, the pain in his chest stinging him, before looking directly at Zuko. “I
kept it on me every day you were gone, you know? I knew we’d see you again. I always
knew.”
Zuko stared, unblinking, unflinching, a little disbelieving, a little pained, before letting out a
shaky breath. Tomkin gave a small smile, knowing that meant Zuko was ready now, and
handed over the scroll.
The way Zuko handled it instantly took Tomkin back to that market in Gaoling, watching
curiously as this brazen firebender reached for this simple mundanity with so much
gentleness, so much care. Tomkin remembered the way his friend’s expression had opened,
vulnerable and warm, before shuttering again because someone somewhere had taught him
that this part of himself was a weakness. Zuko didn’t shutter it this time, because there was
nothing to hide. Tomkin searched for that softness, tried to find it in the way Zuko carefully
unfurled the scroll, and came up empty. He felt his heart leap into his mouth, fearing the
worst, when suddenly, Zuko’s eyes widened, taking in the words on the paper, breath
catching as he realised exactly what this was.
And there it was. The tiniest flicker in his golden eyes. A hint of a softness Tomkin had
worried was dead forever.
“This is...” Zuko whispered, voice hoarse.
“An autograph from quoted ‘the best Earth Kingdom playwright of all time.’” Tomkin
grinned. “Nan can call me an idiot all he likes, but I remembered this.”

Zuko’s eyes were a little glassy, the scroll trembling ever so slightly as he read it over and
over and over again, finally swallowing.
“When I was in that cell,” he said, and he spoke so quietly, like the words scared him, like
they were too massive to fit on his tongue and he was tearing his insides up to get them out,
“I used to think about how... how easy it would be, to be forgotten.” Tomkin held his breath,
not expecting this, but Zuko wasn’t finished, gripping the scroll a little tighter. “I was so far
below the world, and I knew it was all still happening. The war, your lives – new memories
every day that I was being restrained from. It terrified me. I thought...” Zuko shut his eyes,
reliving it all. “I thought I would die down there, and no one would know or... or worse. No
one would care.”
And then Zuko opened his eyes, those burning orbs trained directly on Tomkin and Nanook
with some kind of unrelenting rawness that Tomkin couldn’t name, heart thundering in his
ears.
“Thank you.” Zuko hissed, like a promise, and it was all Tomkin could do not to tackle the
prince into a hug and never ever let go.
“You’re staying, aren’t you?” Nanook asked gently, almost scared of the answer, and they
both remembered how adamant Zuko had seemed outside when he arrived, insisting he
couldn’t stay here. “You’re not going back to the palace?”
He didn’t say going back home, because it wasn’t. It never had been, not to Zuko. He might
not have told them everything he told Kanut and Hakoda, but Tomkin could figure out this
much.
“My father made it pretty clear he doesn’t want me there.” Zuko scoffed, the noise a little
wet, biting back a hollow smirk in favour of chewing at his split lip that still hadn’t quite
healed. “And Hakoda,” Zuko frowned, perplexed, “he... grounded me?”
Tomkin barked out a laugh, surprised, and the mood finally returned to normal again, where
they could just be three young boys, friends, spending time together.
“He grounded you?” Tomkin asked, smiling.
Zuko was still frowning, looking a little scandalised. “Yeah, but then he just said that I had to
stay here, that I wasn’t allowed to leave again, and that was it, which doesn’t really sound
like being grounded.”
Tomkin threw a look to Nanook, meeting his blue eyes and seeing the same thought echoed
back. I don’t want to know what the Fire Lord’s version of being grounded looks like. It was
clear what the Chief had done. Zuko wasn't actually in trouble, but he would always respond
to direct statements over implications. Now, there truly was no way Zuko would be going
anywhere, and Tomkin grinned.
“Looks like you’re stuck with us again.”
Nanook gave a faux pout. “Bummer.”

Zuko looked between them, then back at the autograph, lips creeping into a slow smile.
“I think I'll manage.”
____
Sokka hadn’t wanted to go with Tomkin and Nanook because he needed to do this alone, and
because he’d still been a little blindsided by his own realisation. But he’d come to a decision
now, and he knew there was no getting out of it. Logically speaking, you can’t trust a set of
results without repeating the experiment a good few times, and technically, Sokka had only
given Zuko one chance. Call it an outlier. A spectacular, devastating outlier.
To figure out the authenticity of that, Sokka would have to face the firebender. He could
prove himself right, like with Aunt Wu, like with Jet, and feel that hollow sense of victory
when the people around him got hurt by the sharp stab of betrayal, or maybe, just maybe...
Zuko would prove him wrong.
First, Sokka needed to explain himself.
So as soon as Zuko got out of the infirmary, they would talk.
____
It started off with a break of laughter, echoing a little hauntingly through the temple and
reaching Zuko in the infirmary. He'd hesitated, but in the end, he’d never been able to put his
foot down when it came to Zi Se. When he poked his head out of the door, he saw them, just
at the end of the corridor, too far away to notice him. Sokka and Zi Se, laughing as the Water
Tribe boy held Zi Se close, face broken into a crooked smile. It unsettled something in Zuko,
like the way sand rushes down a dune when you make a single misstep, something a little
freeing but also jarring, a jolt in the peripheral, a shift in stance.
It started off with Tomkin and Nanook and an autograph wearied by months of being held
close. They looked directly at him and they didn’t blink, and he tried. He tried so hard. He
opened his mouth to talk about it, the great big it, but all that came out was surface level
troubles, and even that much had made them silence in horror. But still, they listened, and
they cared, and when he told them he was staying, they smiled.
It ended with him sat on a windowsill again, the infirmary a familiar empty space around him
and a pai sho tile in his hand. Agni sat comfortably in the sky now, the day continuing on
whether he liked it or not, and Zuko wasn’t at a point yet where he could say he was okay. He
didn’t feel okay, in any sense of the word. But last week, he hadn’t been able to even admit
that much. This was rest. This was staying. This was wanting and being wanted in turn.
This, he realised, in its own slow, agonising way, was healing.
Zuko smiled, turning the white lotus tile over his knuckles, and tipped his head back to bask
in the golden sunlight.

Chapter End Notes

this chapter is literally just zuko stuck in the infirmary and different people showing up
to cause him gradually increasing levels of mental distress. like this boy does not leave
that one room this entire chapter and yet is still forced on a rollercoaster of emotions.
send help
next chapter is supposed to be a pretty big one she says dropping this 15k mf on you like
it’s small so I might split it into two who knows but it should be up in the next few
weeks, with some important zukka moments and zuko FINALLY getting out of that
damn infirmary. godspeed worsties <3

Chapter 35: ii. A Shot At Redemption
Chapter Notes

heyyyyyyyyy aha guess who hyperfixated on jujutsu kaisen and hasn't been able to think
of anything else in WEEKS <33333333 nevertheless i have a chapter here for you and hold onto ur hats bc this is BIG news - i said last author's notes that this chapter was
going to be pretty small..... and i actually stuck to that!!!!!!!! yay go me!! it's only 7.7k
words... which.... now i'm thinking about it is still not an average chapter length..... hella
stop typing challenge..... but the thought was there!
i hope you like this one. if it the pleases the court we have: kanut being exasperated,
sokka appreciation hours, and me politely looking at the child-sized hole in chena's heart
and going 'wouldn't it be fun if we took zi se off the traumatised teen who cannot take
care of him and instead handed him to the traumatised adult who maybe can take care of
him' despite chena fighting it every step of the way.
enjoy <3 see you next chapter it ought to be quite a big one compared to this. yikes. in
the meantime don't do anything i wouldn't do xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There was a tapping noise filling the infirmary. A task like this didn’t require much
concentration, but even the most focused would strain, so distracted by that insufferable,
relentless tapping. Kanut furrowed his brows, forcing himself to tune it out, forcing himself
not to rise to it as he prodded and pressed and examined, but as the seconds passed and the
tapping continued, he finally had enough.
“Cut it out.” He hissed, flicking Zuko’s head and earning a sharp jump from the firebender.
Zuko rubbed his head, glaring sullenly. “I’m not doing anything.”
And in a perfect contradiction, Zuko returned to tapping his foot against the floor. The
moment he did so, Kanut raised an eyebrow. The kid at least had the decency to flush a little
as he realised what he’d been doing, all that restless energy as he waited for Kanut’s verdict
finding some form of outlet, no matter how annoying.
The healer took a step back. Zuko was sitting on the window again, because Zuko was a
stubborn asshole who didn’t listen to medical advice but then complained when his health
wouldn’t magically recuperate overnight, and Kanut had been doing a routine check. Or at
least it was supposed to be routine, but someone – probably Tomkin – had let it slip to Zuko
that Kanut was thinking of finally discharging him from the infirmary soon, and the prince
was more than a little eager to get out.

If he was being honest, Kanut knew he probably shouldn’t discharge Zuko yet. Thanks to
Katara and whatever rest Kanut could enforce, Zuko’s ribs were healing nicely, but they
could still use a few more days of bedrest thanks to how brutal Zuko had been on them. His
leg was almost completely fine now, still needing regular cleaning and rebandaging but for all
that, Zuko could even walk on it now. But it had only been a week since Zuko showed up at
the Western Air Temple, and whether he was healing quickly or not, it wasn’t long enough
after four months of physical trauma.
But Zuko was also a stubborn asshole. A restless one, who had spent those four months
cooped up like this. It wasn’t that Kanut was letting personal feelings cloud his judgement,
because that would be ridiculous and would warrant relentless teasing from Chena, who still
insisted he deserved some sort of reward for apparently noticing Kanut’s ‘soft spot’ for Zuko
before anyone else did. Which, on its own, was ridiculous. Kanut wasn’t soft, and he didn’t
have soft spots, and he certainly didn’t have them for Zuko or any of the idiots here causing
him a perpetual headache.
It was just... He didn’t know how much longer he could stand the prince’s moping looks as he
sat on that damned window.
Kanut sighed, long and loud, as he met Zuko’s wide-eyed, expectant stare.
“Well?” Zuko asked, and Kanut knew it was no use.
He bit back a small smile. “No running. No fighting. Nothing that can push your injuries in
anyway whatsoever. No-.”
He was cut off by Zuko jumping to his feet, grinning – actually grinning – in relief as he
went to push past Kanut, probably to run outside like some feral animal that had been penned
in against its will. He got as far as Kanut grabbing his arm, careful not to give into the
temptation to yank him back, applying as little pressure as possible and still getting shot a
weary glare.
“What part of no running did you just miss, tough guy?” Kanut asked, and Zuko eased up in
his grip a little, rolling his eyes.
Kanut let him go, the two staring each other down for a second as Kanut waited to see if
Zuko would try and bolt. Satisfied when the prince instead just sent him a surly glower,
Kanut walked to the makeshift shelves in the infirmary, picking through various jars before
landing on the one he wanted. Zuko was narrowing his eyes scrutinisingly when Kanut
turned around again, but that expression softened when he read the jar’s label, before
pinching a little again. Cloudberry. A blend Kanut had stocked up on in the South Pole. A jar
of which sat broken and buried in the sand dunes of Gaoling. And another jar, a different
blend, a gift, an apology, sat in shards on one of Gaoling’s hills, red-stained and sign-posted;
he was here.
Kanut was sure to nudge past Zuko when he headed for the doorway, knocking them both out
of their thoughts. They had no place here, memories like that.

“Come on,” Kanut huffed, but his lips twisted into a wry smile, “I think you’ve been cooped
up long enough, don’t you?”
Zuko met his smile with a small, ominous one of his own.
____
It had only been a week that Zuko was in the infirmary, and it had a window, a cool breeze,
torches he could light when it got dark, not that he ever did, and Tomkin and Nanook and the
others always made it so that he was rarely alone. But still, a cell was a cell. It was the
principle of the thing. Knowing he couldn’t leave, not with his leg making him so vulnerable,
knowing he was trapped in there for as long as it took his stupid body to heal. It made his
sessions with Katara gradually easier. It was near impossible for them to go as badly as that
first one had gone, but it was more than that. Zuko began appreciating her healing more than
he feared her, an uncomfortable battle within him. He looked forward to her healing sessions,
because the more he had the sooner he could get outside again, his fear of being restrained
nestled sharply in his chest. But at the same time, his fear of being touched bit against that,
wanting her far away.
She didn’t push anything with the food after the soup incident, just placing meals in the
infirmary and leaving quickly like she used to, and sometimes, on the good days, even
offering a small nod, or a smile. Zuko didn’t think he was growing on her, nor did he
particularly think she was growing on him.
They were just getting used to each other, and it wasn’t as bad as either had expected.
And now, thanks to her ministrations and Kanut’s barking command of ‘rest, you idiot’ that
haunted Zuko’s daily existence, he was able to leave the infirmary.
He followed the healer out, breathing in deep the moment the cool morning air hit him like a
slap to the face compared to the stuffy heat of the temple’s corridors. It was only when Zuko
walked through an archway and into a room he didn’t recognise, half of it leading out onto
the platforms of the cliff-face and the other half sheltered by towering walls concaving into a
ceiling, that Zuko realised he’d never been in this part of the temple before. At least, not
consciously. He winced at the memory, but it was hard to be too bothered when all his focus
was trained on the mural decorating the giant wall to his right.
It was beautiful, ancient and cracked in places from age, fading with time but refusing to
disappear. Air bison, flying around the temples like they would have done back when this
place was more than a ruin, an echo of an old civilisation wiped from the map by a greatgrandfather Zuko knew from glorious portraits.
Nothing about this was glorious.
Nothing about war was glorious.
“Rise and shine, Your Highness!” A cheery voice called, and Zuko jumped a little, cursing
himself for getting lost in his mind. He’d thought he was starting to kill that habit, but the

coping mechanisms he formed in that damned cell still haunted him, following him with the
smell of rot.
Zuko flicked his gaze down to see two men sat before the mural, and it was only then Zuko
noticed the dozens of bedrolls set up in here. Despite the temple’s vast array of rooms, it
seemed everyone had decided to just share this one. It made the place look cluttered, messy,
lived in.
Homely.
One of the men was the Second, the one Zuko only heard stories about when he was on the
Ullaakut and a few frustrated comments from Tomkin when he was in the infirmary. Bato,
was it? And the other, the one who had called him, still beaming happily at him, was Tulok.
Zuko felt something twist inside him at the sight of the familiar tribesman, remembering a
metal deck and rock piles and a southern chill, a blue ribbon in an Earth Kingdom hand to
send west, smiles and patience and kindness. They’d bonded over a man they both killed;
what did Tulok think of Zuko now? Was Fong like Lee? A contradiction, a soldier who
deserved it but a boy who was innocent? Was Zuko a murderer for this one or was he already
the moment Lee hit the floor? Did Tulok find him reprehensible?
He pushed the thoughts away, because it didn’t matter. Zuko knew exactly what he was, what
he’d done, and he didn’t regret it.
“Why don’t you greet me like that?” Kanut said moodily as he tugged Zuko’s tunic, a clear
indication that he wanted him to follow, like he expected him to run off. Kanut hadn’t
stopped looking at Zuko like that since he got here, like Zuko was some spooked, flighty
animal. Did Zuko even have a right to argue?
He followed wordlessly, taking a seat with the men. Bato was leaning back on his palms,
expression pulled into something smug and critical as he looked Zuko over, and Tulok was
fiddling with some paper, folding it over into increasingly intricate patterns.
“Because you have a horrid attitude.” Tulok answered Kanut with a grin.
“Yes, and Zuko is renowned for his sunny personality.” Kanut mumbled, and Zuko glared at
him, glaring harder when Tulok snorted.
The Second groaned loudly, tipping his head back for effect and startling the group into
silence. “Zuko this, Zuko that. He's been discharged, can we start talking about me now?”
Zuko stared in surprise. It was a pretty insensitive comment to make, after what had
happened, but Zuko was only filled with a shocking urge to laugh. If anything, he appreciated
the man trying to get the attention off him, even if he was doing it selfishly. Being coddled
made Zuko’s skin crawl.
But Tulok just elbowed the man with a sharp tsk, Kanut rolling his eyes to hide how tense
he’d gone. The two were on edge, as if waiting for Zuko to snap.

Zuko swallowed down the anger that sought to prove their expectations right, opting to
instead watch as Kanut took a kettle to the nearby campfire, watching his hands move,
making tea with a familiar muscle memory.
“You talk about yourself enough as it is, Bato.” Kanut finally broke the silence. “The rest of
us can’t get a word in.”
Bato scoffed like that was an incredible exaggeration. “This is why people prefer Hakoda.”
“Hakoda’s a pushover.” Kanut said as he sat back down, knocking his knuckles over the
man’s head and earning himself an offended gasp.
It was interesting to watch them. Zuko knew Kanut, despite their time apart. He remembered
his mannerisms, the way he acted with people. He was comfortable around the tribesmen, but
it was only with Hakoda that Zuko had ever seen Kanut truly relax. The healer had his guard
up in a way Zuko was eerily familiar with, and he got it, he did, but when Hakoda was
around, Kanut lowered that guard. Hakoda meant safety to Kanut, and Zuko knew it was
because they’d been best friends since they were children. Inseparable, Nanook had called
them.
And despite the teasing and roughhousing, Kanut was the same with Bato. They were close
friends. Zuko wished he’d known sooner, before realising how stupid that thought was.
Knowing that Kanut was missing one of his closest friends when he was back on the Ullaakut
didn’t mean Zuko could have done anything about it. He couldn’t go around saving
everybody. He wasn’t good enough to protect these men. He wasn’t strong enough; all he
could do was try. Even here, surrounded by people just like in that cell, Zuko was alone.
Alone, charged only to save one little boy.
It was beginning to feel more like a curse with each day that passed with Zi Se sulking with
him.
“Can you two be nice?” Tulok sighed tiredly, but his blue eyes were fond as he looked
between the healer and the Second. “Zuko just got out of the infirmary; I doubt he wants to
listen to you bickering all morning.”
“Talking about him again I see.” Bato rolled his eyes, before turning to Zuko, leaning over
Kanut and lowering his voice like they were sharing a secret. “Between you and me, Tulok
here hasn’t stopped worrying about you. Now I think about it, neither has Kanut. Mother
hens, the both of them. It's been incredibly annoying.”
Zuko liked how normally the man was treating him, even if his gut twisted at the thought of
everyone worrying over him.
“Tell me about it.” He grumbled, and it surprised a laugh out of the other man.
“I can hear you, dumbass.” Kanut hissed, shoving Bato away from him, expression offended.
“I am not a mother hen.”

“Are too.” Bato replied, and Tulok muttered ‘here we go again’ beneath his breath.
Kanut looked scandalised. “Am not!”
“Are too!”
“Am not!”
“Are too!”
Zuko met Tulok’s knowing look, feeling an old warmth curl within him that chased away his
earlier worries, and the man smiled, sharing the same thought. This will take a while.
____
“So they’ll need an air fleet large enough to take on the Earth Kingdom, right?” Sokka asked,
hands dancing over the spread of maps and papers on the slab of stone-turned-table before
him, brow furrowed as the cogs in his mind turned.
“Yes,” Hakoda answered, wearing a similar expression, “so we can assume that’ll be at least
a dozen airships, with firebenders crawling from each. And that’s the minimum.”
Sokka felt his father’s wince. It looked grim, as they scoured battle plans and strategized,
combining their talents in a desperate attempt to think of a plan. There had to be something.
There was always something that could be done. And it killed Sokka to admit, but Zuko had
given them an incredible advantage with this information. This wasn’t like the Day of Black
Sun; the tables were flipped. This time, it was their side that had the inside scoop, and Sokka
had to make sure they used it well.
“Even if we amassed another invasion force the same size as last time,” Sokka said,
remembering battle and explosions, everything loud, loud, loud, “I don’t think it would be
enough. But so far, the Fire Nation doesn’t even know we’re planning to intercept them. We
can’t stop the attacks with brute force, but if we took away their building blocks, weakened
their foundations...”
Something excited and hopeful stirred in his chest, the threads of a plan beginning to
interlock, and when he looked up, he saw the same flash in his father’s gaze as Hakoda
looked down at their plans with newfound enthusiasm.
“We could stop the attacks before they even got the chance to gain full power.” He finished,
fingers reaching to trace a list Sokka had made. Bless his exhaustive lists, he knew they’d
come in handy. This one was about the Fire Nation’s biggest strengths. Caldera, which they
had already failed to successfully breach. Ozai, who Aang would have to kill somehow.
Azula.
Zuko had been on that list too at one point, now hastily scribbled out in a way both Sokka
and Hakoda were ignoring. Hakoda seemed very good at ignoring when it came to this, and it
bothered Sokka, reminding him that things weren’t normal. Not even now. Not even with an
explanation. Not even with a resignation to give Zuko a chance.

Sokka shook his head. He had to focus. They had a war to win, dammit. He didn’t need to be
thinking about some angsty firebender with an attitude problem.
Not that this was even a meeting. Hakoda had practically been living in this room, a random
space within the temple with a convenient slab of rock in the middle, now converted into a
strategy room. Sokka hadn’t come in to stall, per say. He knew he had to talk to Zuko. He
knew the other boy was out of the infirmary today if Tomkin’s gossiping was anything to go
by. He knew he had to go through with his decision now he’d come to it, because Sokka was
nothing if not stubborn. It's not like he wasn’t going to get it over with eventually. It was just
that, in the meantime, he decided being a dedicated son checking on his father was more
important. He was nice like that. Responsible.
“From what I can tell,” Hakoda said, “there are three big contenders we need to tackle if we
want to negate the attack. The Fire Lord,” Hakoda moved his finger down the list, “Princess
Azula, and the fleet itself. The Avatar will defeat the Fire Lord.” Said with so much certainty,
because they all had to believe it, all had to believe that a twelve-year-old pacifist who got
upset when Sokka trod on bugs was going to murder a man. “So that leaves the rest of us to
handle the other two.”
Sokka nodded, listening intently, swallowing the knots in his stomach, the unease, and
another feeling, like feathers tickling uncomfortably over his ribs; fear. Dad always did say
that a warrior was not the man with the least fear, but the man with the bravery to overcome
it.
How many times would Sokka be forced to overcome it before his seventeenth birthday? Or
eighteenth? When did it end?
He worked his jaw. With them. It ended with them. They would do this. They had to.
“Sokka?” Hakoda said, and Sokka jerked his gaze up, realising his dad had been speaking to
him, his tone turning into something soft, and Spirits, Sokka wouldn’t be patronised. He
could handle this. He had handled it. He was strong, a warrior, the Chief’s son. He had barely
spent any time with his father since coming to the Western Air Temple. If Hakoda wasn’t
strategizing, then he was talking to the older tribesmen, and if he wasn’t talking with them, he
was with Zuko. Zuko, with his scars and tortured golden eyes and random kid that he’d,
what, saved?
When Hakoda looked at Zuko, did he see strength, bravery, perseverance?
Did he see a warrior?
Sokka wouldn’t be weak in front of his father, not when he had so few chances to prove
himself to him. He wouldn’t lose to that pretentious jerk. He refused.
“I’ll have a think. See if I come up with anything.” Sokka said, the words tumbling out
clumsily as he pushed away from the table. “You reckon Zuko’s out yet? I need to talk to
him.”
Hakoda narrowed his eyes. “Is everything alright?”

Was he asking about Sokka himself or was he asking about Sokka in regards to Zuko? It all
twisted Sokka up and the fear from before, that fluttering discomfort, turned into anger,
impatience. He forced himself to calm down. He was going to talk to Zuko in order to give
the other boy a chance, not punch him in the face. And besides, this... this was Hakoda. This
problem was with his father.
That hurt more, but Sokka was done using Zuko as a scapegoat for literally everything.
“Yep,” Sokka flashed his dad what he hoped was a convincing grin, “just two guys. Catching
up. No biggie.” What the fuck was he saying? “See you.”
Hakoda called after him but Sokka had already darted into the corridor, needing out of that
stifling room full of war and unchecked familial troubles.
It's not that he thought his dad liked Zuko more than him. For one, that was impossible even
without bloodlines. Zuko was an uncharismatic asshole with anger issues and Sokka was his
hilarious self. Add in the fact that Sokka had the biological advantage of being, you know,
Hakoda’s actual son, and it wasn’t even in question.
But Hakoda... He could do more to reassure Sokka.
No, that wasn’t right. Sokka didn’t want to be babied, and he got that what Zuko was going
through was the kind of thing that warranted attention, but still... Sokka and Katara should
have been Hakoda’s priority, no matter what. And Sokka just... didn’t feel like that right now.
Katara hadn’t said anything though, and every time she went into that infirmary, she came
back out with a small twist to her mouth, like she was trying to hide a sense of satisfaction.
Was this just Sokka? Was this like before, when he wanted everyone to see how evil Zuko
was just to realise he was overthinking it? Was he overthinking his dad now too?
Sokka wanted to bury his head in his hands and groan.
Suki, however, decided that was the perfect opportunity to jump out at him, arm around his
shoulders and knuckles digging into his skull.
“Ow!” Sokka screeched in surprise as he wrestled away. “What was that for?!”
Suki laughed loudly, only laughing louder when he turned the full force of his pout on her.
“You were sulking about something.” Suki said, like that justified grievous bodily harm. “I
could feel it all the way from the other end of the corridor. What’s up?”
Ah, a perfect opportunity for Sokka to partake in open communication and possibly find a
solution to his unsettled emotions through the love and trust of a close friend.
“Nothing.” Sokka said, shoving Suki’s shoulder.
Yeah, hard pass.
____

Chena didn’t like kids, and usually, in some blissful twist of fate, kids didn’t like him either.
He was big and loud and shamelessly did his best to get them to fuck off. It was a general
rule, an accepted fact of life; Chena of the Southern Water Tribe and kids did not mix. Only
four had ever defied this. The first had blinked fearlessly up at him from his own arms. The
second came in the form of Katara, stomping through the village with arms crossed
stubbornly to demand he teach her how to fight at the ripe age of eight. The third, a Fire
Prince, spitting in his face as he strangled the brat and in turn becoming the biggest pain in
Chena’s ass of the entire decade.
The fourth, an amber eyed five-year-old, currently doing a poor job of peeking over a rock to
watch Chena sharpening his machete.
“Go away.” Chena grumbled, making Zi Se jump as he realised he’d been caught, and Chena
turned his glare back down to his beloved machete, methodically running it over a whetstone.
The kid did not, in fact, go away, instead stepping out into the open defiantly, taking a few
tentative steps forward, eyes trained on Chena’s big hands. Zi Se wasn’t actually a bad kid,
from what Chena had seen. He'd thrown a few tantrums when he was separated from Zuko,
sure. And he’d fallen asleep on Chena’s chest that one time and dribbled all over him. But
after what he’d been through at such a young age, after all he’d lost, all he’d been pulled
from nation to nation with no one explaining to him why, he was a good kid. A good Fire
Nation kid. Chena almost scoffed, the humour dry in his throat.
“What’re you doing?” Zi Se asked quietly, taking another step closer.
Chena sighed, putting his machete down so he could lean his forearms on his knees and glare
fully at him. “None of your business.”
Good kid or not, Zi Se also had a gaggle of admirers, the other tribesmen coddling him,
Katara hardly ever leaving his side. He didn’t need Chena with his big mouth and scary
demeanour to add to that.
But instead of being scared off, Zi Se just frowned, entire face scrunching up in a way that
was not adorable, not even in the slightest, before he quickly began rummaging through his
tunic, pulling out a dagger. He smiled happily, offering it to Chena, not saying anything else.
What did he expect him to do with it? Chena just stared, not getting the kid’s meaning, and Zi
Se huffed impatiently, opting to waggle the dagger at Chena some more, as if he thought the
warrior hadn’t seen it.
“What do you want?” Chena finally snapped, having to restrain himself from groaning. He
didn’t have the Chief’s patience or Tulok’s kindness. Why did Zi Se have to choose to bother
him, of all people?
“What you’re doing to your sword.” Zi Se said, mumbling over words in the way children do
when they don’t yet know how to explain what they want. “Do mine.”
So demanding. Were all Fire Nation children this spoilt? Chena’s worked his jaw, stupid
question.

He rolled his eyes, picking his machete up again to show the kid who had somehow inched
closer without him noticing. “This,” he said, reluctant, “isn’t a sword. It's a machete. And
yours is a dagger.”
Zi Se frowned again, looking between the blades. “What’s the difference?”
When Aput rounded the corner sometime later, looking for his friend to see if he wanted to
spar, he paused, mind blanking. Sat on one of the rocks, face smoothed into a look of unusual
easiness, was Chena, holding Zi Se on his knee with one hand and holding his machete in the
other as he calmly explained the characteristics of the blade, how it worked, how it differed
from an Earth Kingdom dagger, as Zi Se listened intently.
Aput smiled, turning around before they noticed him. Every damn time, he thought with a
chuckle.
____
Zuko was noticing that it was impossible to be left alone for too long at the Western Air
Temple. He had been perfectly happy just sitting with Kanut, Tulok and Bato, zoning out of
their conversation and pretending he couldn’t see those infuriating looks they kept throwing
him. Concerned, observing him like he was some child. Zuko had been so relieved when he
finally accepted that, for whatever reason, the tribesmen didn’t hate him. But now he was
starting to wish they did. Hatred made sense. Hatred was what he deserved. Hatred was what
he knew how to handle. This though, this sickening coddling, this was something he didn’t
know.
But still, he had been fine just sucking it up, testing his breathing exercises now he was in the
fresh air.
And then the Avatar showed up.
“Jee, it sure is cold today.” Avatar Aang said loudly, jumping his leg from where he’d sat far
too close to Zuko, grey eyes fitfully dancing around the room. Suspicious didn’t even begin
to cover it, and Zuko couldn’t help the annoyed glare he focused on the boy. He didn’t trust
him. Didn't trust the innocence, the childishness, the forgiveness. Do you think we could have
been friends? And now, what was this? The Avatar – who insisted on being called Aang, just
Aang – had visited Zuko almost as often as Tomkin and Nanook, filling Zuko’s
uncomfortable silences with incessant chatter covering every single topic aside the ones that
needed covering. Zuko had hunted him, had captured him, had intended to drag the boy to the
Fire Lord for a fate he knew was cruel even then, but that’s not what Aang wanted to talk
about. Instead, he spoke of his pets, his friends, his travels, all with a big grin.
The kid was too pure. He'd taken every badness the world had thrown at him and instead of
internalising it and letting himself grow bitter and cold, he instead refused it, becoming a
walking ray of sunshine. And here was Zuko, wallowing in his misery, letting it consume
him, letting himself become a festering ball of rage and hatred and blood.
“Is no one else cold?” The Avatar said, voice too high-pitched. “Because I'm cold.”

He was going somewhere with this, but Zuko couldn’t tell where, and a glance to Kanut said
the healer was just as bemused as he was.
“The sun’s out.” Bato said with a wry smile and a pointed nod towards the blazing sun,
amused.
Avatar Aang turned and squinted, like he hadn’t noticed, before shrugging animatedly, not
letting it deter him.
“Well, I still think it’s cold.” He declared, before suddenly growing sheepish, turning to Zuko
with wide, hopeful eyes. “Maybe... you should light a fire.”
Oh.
“No.” Zuko said immediately, almost wincing at how harsh his voice came out. The Avatar
blinked in surprise, not expecting a negative response, let alone such a hurried one, but Zuko
wasn’t a complete idiot, despite popular belief. He knew the Avatar didn’t know firebending
yet. He knew he was the only firebender in possibly the entire world that was both close
enough to train the Avatar and willing to train the Avatar. He knew since finding out about
Sozin’s Comet that the Avatar had been training obsessively, stress gnawing away at him and
manifesting in the form of overworking.
Zuko also knew that he couldn’t be the Avatar’s firebending teacher. He knew how it looked.
He knew he looked like he was being loyal to his nation, refusing to help the kid. He knew he
looked like he was being difficult. But that wasn’t it. He wanted to help, some part of him
still desperate to be useful, because to be useful meant you got to stay.
But he couldn’t. He just couldn’t. Because fires that weren’t his own still made his insides
curl within him like the very flames they feared, and fires that were his own were an icy blue,
reflected in the shadows of a library smelling of blood. Fire had abandoned him when he
needed it most. Fire had charred his skin in a sick mockery. Fire had burned behind Spider’s
every arrival. Fire had backdropped Chan’s bulging stare. Fire had punctuated every bad
thing in Zuko’s life and it wasn’t something he could ignore, not this time. It didn’t matter if
his bending made him feel whole or if the colours above his head that night with Zi Se had
made some deep part of him feel peace, even for a moment. It didn’t matter that Azula was
out there somewhere, this same ice living within her. Three years ago, Zuko had to teach
himself not to fear fire, and it had betrayed him all over again. He couldn’t keep making the
same mistakes. He couldn’t keep reaching only for his hands to be burnt.
He wanted nothing to do with it anymore. Firebending was a necessity. Zuko did what he had
to and that was it.
Training the Avatar was out of the question.
“But,” the Avatar – Aang – frowned, almost pouting if it weren’t for the troubled twist of his
mouth, “you’re a firebender.”
Neither of them were talking about lighting a campfire, and Zuko was grateful for that. He
didn’t have the energy to watch Aang play dumb.

Zuko shifted uncomfortably, wanting to explain himself without having to lay himself bare
before the four of them, wanting to put the truth out there without having to say any of it
himself. He'd call memory a corpse, a rotting carcass, clinging to him like the smell of
something festering, but that wasn’t right. Memory was a living, vivid thing, visceral and
toxic and choking him with its presence. He couldn’t kill it. He didn’t know how to introduce
it. He couldn’t even say its name.
“He’s still in recovery, remember.” Kanut said, tone casual but with a hint of warning in his
gaze as he looked at the Avatar. It just made Zuko feel worse. Recovery was no excuse. He
didn’t need that. He didn’t need to be treated like a child.
“I’m fine.” He growled, glaring at the healer. For a few tense moments, they stared each other
down, Kanut unwilling to cave and Zuko desperate to prove his point. The silence that
surrounded them was suffocating, too warm, too clingy, hanging like the walls of a cell.
Zuko's heart felt loose in his chest, trembling with every too-controlled breath.
“Looking good, Tulok!” Suki’s sudden voice burst through with a shock of vibrance, and
Zuko startled, instinct taking over as he snapped his head to face the girl currently walking
over to them, her friendly smile oblivious to the previous uneasiness. “You’ll be an origami
pro before you know it. Aneko would be impressed.”
Zuko immediately cursed himself for looking away from Kanut, feeling an immature sense of
defeat, but the feeling quickly disappeared, his focus turning to Suki’s companion.
Sokka was with her, uncharacteristically quiet at her side, walking over with hands shoved
deep into his pockets and his eyes trained on the floor.
“You think?” Tulok asked happily, holding up the paper animal before him – it looked like
some kind of bird – as Suki crouched down to inspect it, the two delving into a quiet
conversation.
“What’re you guys talking about over here?” Sokka asked, finally noticing Aang’s strange
silence, the kid twisting his hands a little anxiously. Zuko felt a stab of guilt for upsetting
him, as ridiculous as it was, but when he braved meeting the airbender’s eyes, he was
surprised to see concern there, not disappointment. Zuko almost missed it, but he’d seen that
expression enough times lately for it to register in his mind with a crushing vividity.
“Take a guess.” Bato said, a conspiring smile thrown Zuko’s way, and it was enough of a
reprieve that Zuko’s mind went momentarily blank. I hate it as much as you do, he thought
bitterly.
“Right, well.” Sokka said, frowning a little, confused, before turning fully to Zuko. “I see
you’re out of the infirmary.”
Zuko must have looked like a cornered animal, mind racing to figure out the boy’s angle. He
hadn’t spoken to Sokka since the other teenager dragged him down here, and now he was
making small talk? Sokka didn’t hide his hatred of Zuko, letting shameless contempt
overtake his features every time they laid eyes on each other. And Zuko got it; he’d
personally let this boy down. Sokka handed him a truce and Zuko handed him a murder. I

should have known better. Sokka wasn’t the type to keep on making the same mistakes; he
was smarter than Zuko. He was smarter than a lot of people, actually. It was infuriating.
They didn’t like each other, never had. Not even when they were helping each other.
So what was he up to?
“Yes?” Zuko answered carefully, not meaning to make it a question.
“Cool.” Sokka nodded. Zuko had never seen the extroverted boy look so awkward. A few
beats passed in silence, a different kind of uncomfortable than the one with Kanut, before
Sokka sighed loudly, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Listen, can we talk?” He asked, words suddenly blunt, gaze hard, unrelenting, merciless.
“Alone.”
And Zuko was captivated, remembering the stifling pity of everyone else, even the Avatar,
who was supposed to be his nemesis. He thought of every reason he’d given these people to
hate him and every way they had ignored that. He thought of softness and how sharp it had
felt, how undeserved.
But Sokka... Sokka didn’t hide his hatred of Zuko. He took what happened to Zuko, took
scars in ragged candlelight, and didn’t translate it into an excuse for all the badness he’d
caused. Zuko didn’t know much of redemption, but he knew it was earned. He knew what he
had with the other tribesmen had simply been given, because they saw him as a wounded kid.
It was fake, hollow, pitiful.
Somehow, the person who liked him the least here had become the only point of honesty
Zuko had felt all week.
“Okay.” Zuko said quietly, relief seeping through his very bones as he got to his feet. Sokka
watched him cautiously a moment, distrust radiating from him, before nodding and walking
towards the temple, Zuko following.
____
“They’re not going to kill each other, are they?” Suki asked, breaking the silence that had
descended as her, Tulok, Kanut, Bato and Aang all watched in bewilderment when Sokka and
Zuko went inside. Sokka had been acting strange earlier. It's not like the two were incapable,
and Suki had seen people do worse to each other over lesser hatreds.
“Should someone intervene?” Tulok asked, worried now.
Bato narrowed his eyes at the temple’s entrance, deep in thought, before his lips quirked up,
as if he knew something no one else did.
“Leave them.”
Somehow, Suki wasn’t reassured.

____
Zuko counted his footsteps as he followed Sokka, hoping that the desperate flightiness in
him, the voice in his head telling him this was a trap, would be distracted long enough to just
let him get through with this. But Sokka was taking him deeper into the temple, a part he’d
never been in before, and Zuko knew hatred so he knew to have his guard up. He felt like
he’d swallowed fire, intonations branded into his throat. He didn’t know how to voice that
discomfort. He didn’t think he was supposed to.
They stopped thirty-three steps in, a simple room, plain aside two windows. Sokka sat on one
of the ledges; Zuko leaned against the doorway. Neither said anything for what seemed like a
very long time, staring each other down. Zuko felt like his skin was crawling but endured it
with the familiar sense of deserved punishment, and Sokka... Sokka just stared. Zuko
couldn’t read him, couldn’t figure him out, scanning his features in a desperate hunt for
anything. The other teenager’s hair was a little loose, dark brown strands of it falling out of
its wolf tail to frame his face, tickling his jaw, moving with his soft breaths, and his eyes were
blue. Always blue. Relentlessly, overwhelmingly blue.
“I know we’re not exactly on the best terms.” Sokka finally said, tone controlled, almost
practised, like he’d been contemplating this for a while. “But I wanted you to know that it
wasn’t... it wasn’t you.”
Zuko’s eyes widened in surprise. He'd expected raised voices and cursing, hatred and
arguing. Instead, Sokka scuffed the toe of his shoe into the floor, frowning as he searched for
the right words.
“I mean, it was you. Obviously. You being a jerk was sort of a big part of it. But it wasn’t
completely you.” Sokka took a deep breath here, crossing his arms. “I hated you because I
failed. I hated you because my plan didn’t work, because I got my dad caught, because I
needed help in the Boiling Rock – all of it. I've always been the weakest member of Team
Avatar, the non-bender. Sokka, the guy with the boomerang.” His mouth twisted into a smile
that looked more like a grimace. “My sister can move oceans and Toph invented
metalbending and Aang is the fucking Avatar, but hey, I can write a neat schedule, right?” He
scoffed. Zuko could only stare.
“When I trained on my own in Shu Jing,” Sokka continued, and Zuko got the distinct feeling
that Sokka had rehearsed this for a long time before bringing it to Zuko, now speaking with a
reverence like he needed to get the words out. “I started to think maybe I wasn’t dead-weight,
maybe I could help. After what happened up north, I really needed that.” He hesitated slightly
here, words clipping against themselves before he focussed again; a momentary stumble.
“But I think it just made me cocky, so when the Day of Black Sun failed, when I failed, it... it
wrecked me.”
It was a raw declaration to be made between enemies, and Zuko kept his mouth shut. Even if
he could find the words to speak up, he would have known to stay quiet. This was Sokka’s
moment. He was doing it for himself, not Zuko. But still, he was doing it, and that filled
Zuko with an inexplicable charge, like lightning beneath his skin.

“You were the first thing I tried to trust again, after that.” Sokka said, expression considering.
“I looked at you, and it became a strategy. I decided to trust you, to believe you’d changed, to
believe you were leaving the Fire Nation behind, and I was wrong about that too.” Zuko hid
his wince; Sokka wasn’t tiptoeing around him, wasn’t babying him. “I couldn’t plan you, and
it just reminded me that I couldn’t plan anything else either, that I was becoming a boring
repetition of failures. And to top that all off, suddenly you show up here, and my dad starts
telling me you’re so great, and the warriors from my home forgive you, and my friends act
like I’m being an asshole when I...” His tone had been bitter, words sharp and face twisted
unhappily, but as quickly as the anger had come, it vanished again, melting into something
quiet, soft. “I was the only one who knew what you were really capable of.” He whispered,
and Zuko felt like he’d been punched in the gut.
The words repeated themselves in his head, toiling and crashing against his skull like waves.
And Agni, Sokka was right, wasn’t he? This boy with his brash mouth and careful hands had
seen the worst of Zuko. He knew Zuko as the tribesmen didn’t, relentless in his hunt of the
Avatar, cruel and short-sighted. And he knew Zuko as his friends didn’t, shadowed in a
bloody library. He was the only person, the only one, to have both pieces of Zuko, to have
witnessed both and witnessed them so sharply.
Zuko had spent days, weeks, trying to convince those who trusted him that he was a monster,
trying to explain what he was to people who didn’t want to hear it, didn’t want to believe it.
But the intonations were branded into his throat, and he’d never known how to voice it. So he
lived. Lived, evil. Lived, angry. Lived, bloodstained. And they all let him because they didn’t
know better. Didn't know what he was, what he’d truly done. Hands stretched out with no
knowledge of the fire, no clue about the sharp edges ready to cut.
Sokka knew. He didn’t need to explain himself to Sokka because the other boy had seen it all
as it happened. Zuko didn’t need to desperately search for the words to explain, because
Sokka knew, he knew.
It should have terrified him. He felt like he’d looked directly at the sun.
Zuko felt exhilarated.
“No one was listening to me,” Sokka continued, oblivious to Zuko’s fascination. “And I
didn’t want to let my guard down again. I couldn’t afford to fail again. You went through
something awful, Zuko. I know that and I wouldn’t wish that on anyone.” He enunciated
every word, completely genuine, before working his jaw and jutting his chin out proudly.
“But I’m not sorry for being harsh on you. I guess what I'm trying to say is that... this isn’t an
apology for how I've behaved. I just think... maybe... we could just start again. Clean slate.”
He nodded, happy with himself, before offering a small, consolatory smile. “I'm willing to
give you another chance.”
He said it like he expected Zuko to be disappointed, like he expected someone to tell him he
was being unreasonable. Instead, Zuko felt himself coming alive, determination consuming
him. Sokka was giving him another chance. Sokka knew what he was, had taken all of that
badness and considered it with a methodical thoroughness Zuko knew he was renowned for,
and had decided to give him another chance. It meant something. It meant that even now,
some part of Zuko, some small fraction, was capable of redemption.

He'd earn it. He'd do whatever he had to. He wasn’t some beaten down animal in need of pity.
He knew he’d done horrible things, and he wanted to take responsibility for them.
Sokka was giving him the chance to do that, and he’d earn his redemption through this boy if
it killed him.
Zuko nodded resolutely, expression hardening. “Thank you.”
Sokka considered that a moment, before raising a smug eyebrow. “I still don’t like you, by
the way.”
The feeling was mutual. It was confusing, complex, but Zuko’s sudden admiration of Sokka,
his desperate determination to earn this boy’s forgiveness, lived alongside the knowledge that
they bothered each other on an inherent level. They were too different. Circumstances
notwithstanding, they never could have been friends, Zuko was certain.
“I can live with that.” Zuko said, and Sokka scoffed.
“Debatable.” He said, and Zuko had to restrain himself from rolling his eyes after everything
Sokka had just told him.
“I’m going to find Suki.” Sokka said, straightening up from the window, eyes narrowing as
he seemingly just remembered that Zuko was still blocking the doorway. “You should talk to
that kid of yours. He's been moping for days.”
Zuko moved out of the way as Sokka swanned past. “Not my kid.” He mumbled, following
the other boy.
Sokka scoffed. “Tell him that.”
Zuko knew he had to apologise to Zi Se. He never meant to yell like that. But before being
discharged from the infirmary, Zuko was helpless to do anything unless Zi Se came to him,
which he only did to stubbornly curl up for sleep at night, falling asleep instantly if only to
spite Zuko. The kid was worryingly good at holding a grudge.
Zuko would fix it today. Zi Se created a cocktail of emotions that swirled nauseatingly within
Zuko, but that was on Zuko, not Zi Se. It wasn’t his fault Zuko was so bitter, after all.
“You’re annoying, you know that?” Zuko said tiredly, no real venom behind his words, too
distracted thinking of Zi Se.
Sokka grinned like this was the best thing he’d been told all day. “Aw, you mean it?”
Zuko was not going to punch him. That would not convince Sokka to forgive him, and was
not constructive for anyone involved.
That didn’t mean the thought didn’t cross his mind.

Chapter End Notes

two bros. chilling in the air temple. 33 steps inside cause they’re not- *checks notes* oh
wait. no they’re gay. oh shit they are definitely gay my bad. good for them good for
them

Chapter 36: ii. The Firebending Masters
Chapter Notes

hello citizens of taob nation happy birthday!!!! that's right taob is one years old today!!!
how crazy is that? a year ago i wrote a fun little chapter about zuko bumping into the
water tribe and now look at the fucking shambles that's happening. poor kid didn't see it
coming huh. but seriously, one year ago today taob had 0 hits, 0 bookmarks, 0
comments, 0 kudos, and now...... that is definitely not what we have. im so grateful to all
of you. here's to another year <3
following on from that, some incredible, incredible readers came together and did
something that hours later im still reeling from. genuinely if i think too hard on it my
heart starts racing. so you know dante basco? just casually the guy who, you know,
fucking voiced zuko.
well, we now have a video of zuko's voice actor quoting 'redemption is a human
word' from taob
yeah. YEAH. the first bit is a personal message so if you want to skip to the quote, it's in
the last 10 seconds. im so so so touched that this happened, and also blindsided and
slightly in denial. literally do not know how to act. thank you, to everyone who
organised this. as an anniversary gift and also my way of saying thank you, here's the
new chapter. this chapter means a lot to me. i hope it heals something in you too.
psa: this follows the canon events of the firebending masters episode, so i've done what i
did with the day of black sun chapter and skipped over any canon events that aren't
different in taob, just because there's no point rewriting things we've already seen. that's
why there's a few jumps later in the chapter <3
see you soon bastards, in the meantime, as always, don't do anything i wouldn't do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Zuko dreamed of fire. Fire and blood and water pouring into the fractures of his mind. His
father’s eyes, ignited, hatred and fire, fire, fire, coming towards Zuko’s face, crackling with
lightning. Fire was rage, was negativity manifested into something visible. This was known.
This was taught. This was encouraged. Zuko's fire burned hottest when he was at his most
hateful, and it haunted him when he was at his most haunted. This was known. This was easy.
Zuko awoke to fire. Its orange heat curled behind his eyes and he jolted up with a start.
Before him, Zi Se lay sleeping. Zi Se, who was introduced to him through dancing firelight.
Firelight to signal the fights. Fire was violence. This was known. And to a boy like Zuko,
violence was so very easy. He wondered if these shaking hands of his, clenched into fists

beneath the moonlight, would ever be able to commit gentleness, or kindness. They didn’t
even know goodness when it held them; how could they ever hope to mimic it?
Zuko breathed fire, inhaling and exhaling only to feel the familiar stir of his chi that he once
swore would never leave him, but abandoned him the moment he needed it. Calm, he
thought, think of something calm. He was taken to an environment he never should have
known, snow crunching underfoot, shivering into a blue parka. Blue, the same shade every
time, light and warm, the very same as the fire that took everything from this land, the very
same as the fire echoing the contours of Azula’s too-young face, the very same as the fire
coating the walls of a ruined library, the very same as the fire Zuko had used to take a man’s
life. To take, to take, to take. Fire always took. It was the only element that went further than
damage; it destroyed. The difference was small but it existed, and Zuko lived on that fine
line. Fire was ruination. This was known.
This was all known, and Zuko had been raised among it, growing a tolerance to it as the years
passed. The people here weren’t so lucky. One bite and it’d kill them. It had in the past. The
Avatar had seen everyone he cared about wiped out by fire, and still, he sought it, shadowing
Zuko through his days at the Western Air Temple, eyes wide and pleading, like a naïve child
not realising fire burns for every time it’s touched. Zuko, in his own twisted way, was
protecting the kid. He was protecting Aang as much as he was protecting himself.
No one gained anything from fire.
This was known.
____
There were strange instances in life where one memory meets a completely separate memory,
and you’re forced to consider them as a conjoined new memory. This happens no matter how
unfathomable the combination, and it seemed to happen to Sokka on a higher rate than most.
Admittedly, nothing would ever quite beat how he felt when he walked into the library of the
Fire Nation’s most secure prison with his father who he’d just broken out only to see Iroh and
Kanut. That was... that was a whole thing, for sure. But the theory still stood. Sokka held Iroh
in one memory and Kanut in the other, but still, they’d combined, and it had been so
implausible to his mind that he’d shut down for a few confusing moments.
That was like this, because it was the first time he was really, fully stopping to take in the
scene, and he realised just how strange it was. Aang and Katara were waterbending, the
Avatar and the last southern waterbender, while Toph Beifong – runaway of the esteemed
Beifong family and inventor of metalbending – made observatory digs about their forms
despite not knowing anything about waterbending, in a desperate attempt to get a laugh out of
Prince Zuko, who sat beside her.
Sokka gave himself a moment to sigh deeply, before sitting on Toph’s other side.
“How’s he doing?” Sokka asked, giving a nod to Aang, as if he could be asking about anyone
else.
Toph blew a raspberry. “He’s fine, Snoozles. You're turning into Katara.”

“I am not.” Sokka shoved her, earning a punch in response. Zuko watched the whole
exchange with equal parts concern and confusion, and the expression seemed so innocent that
Sokka almost laughed.
The firebender turned his gaze back to Aang, who was growing a little enthusiastic with a
water whip, trying to make it quicker, sharper, better. Katara watched on, not even trying to
hide the worry smoothing over her features. Sokka only met her gaze for a moment before
turning back to Zuko, narrowing his eyes at the other boy as he watched him watch Aang.
He'd wondered for days now what it would be like between them, between the Avatar and the
boy who hunted him. He knew Aang would be all-forgiving as he always was, but Zuko...
Did he have any residual feelings? Was there a part of him that still saw Aang and wanted to
call fire to his hands?
Zuko just narrowed his eyes. “He seems...” he started, voice quiet, that everlasting rasp that
had been so haunting, “stressed.”
“You would be too if you had an entire war hinging on you. I mean, the kid’s twelve. How
would you feel if you had to fight your dad at that age?” Sokka asked, scoffing to hide the
fact that the thought of this, of what Aang had to do, of what Aang had to do alone, made
him feel sick. He pulled out his boomerang, twisting it over and over and over again.
Zuko stiffened, eyes widening a moment like Sokka had said something incredibly intrusive,
snapping his head to almost glare at him. Sokka's skin prickled, surprise rushing through him,
and then unease, but Zuko looked away quickly, fingers rising to scratch the bottom of his
scar a little.
“Can’t say I'd like it.” He finally said.
Sokka couldn’t stop staring at him. He felt how he did in the Boiling Rock, when Zuko was
an enigma and Sokka was desperate to solve him. He still wanted to solve him. He wanted to
know what it all meant, all those vague sentences and timid expressions on someone
supposed to be the human embodiment of fire. But he pushed that down, cursing himself.
“Is this a seeing-person thing you two are doing right now or are you both just weird?” Toph
said suddenly, abrasive as ever, words falling bluntly and jolting Sokka out of his thoughts.
Sokka gasped, offended, and Zuko ducked his head, shaggy hair falling a little to hide- was
that a smile?
“Take a break, Aang.” Katara was saying, and Sokka looked over, worry making him tense
again, because Aang was pouting. Aang, who they couldn’t get to stop taking breaks no
matter how hard they tried when they all started this journey. Aang, who took months to
finally take this Avatar jig seriously. Aang, who prioritised fun over work.
“But Kataraaaa.” He whined, eyebrows pinched in the middle.
“No.” Katara said sternly, and she really could be scary sometimes. “You haven’t stopped all
morning. Even masters need rest.”

“Fine,” Aang drooped, before perking up again, turning to Toph, “how about some
earthbending?”
“Nope.” Toph said, popping the ’p’ as she leaned back more comfortably on her palms.
Sokka knew things had to be bad if it pushed Katara and Toph to agree over something.
Aang wasn’t giving up, gaze turning inevitably to the last bender he hadn’t asked.
“Zuko?”
Even with Toph between them, Sokka thought he could feel the way Zuko’s entire body went
rigid, the silence holding over them all like a threat. Even Toph was frowning at him, and that
was a bad sign if Sokka ever saw one, because out of Team Avatar she was the only one who
seemed to get Zuko, even if it was only on a surface level rich-kids-unite basis.
Zuko opened his mouth, and Sokka all but leaned forward to catch anything he had to say,
curiosity burning him inside out, and it was at that exact moment that Tomkin and Nanook
walked around the corner.
“Hakoda said to tell you all that a few of the others are going foraging, so if you have any
requests get them in now.” Tomkin said loudly, completely oblivious to the atmosphere. “One
time we sent Chena on his own because I guess we forgot he lacks any common sense and he
just came back with wheat. Like literally just wheat. So much wheat.”
“We still don’t know which poor farmer he stole it from.” Nanook said, looking a little
traumatised.
“We didn’t even know there were farms nearby.” Tomkin added with a snort.
Everyone was still staring at Zuko, Aang looking dejected, Katara looking suspicious, but
Zuko was looking at Tomkin and Nanook like they had just personally saved him from a
horrible fate, getting to his feet and going over to them a little too quickly. Tomkin smiled at
his friend – because they were friends, and it was very annoying – but Nanook looked like
he’d noticed something.
“Everything okay?” He asked, looking first to Zuko and then to Sokka, like he realised Zuko
wouldn’t give him a straight answer and Sokka was his next best bet.
Sokka looked to his sister and his friends, giving them a moment. When it was clear Aang
had no intention of pursuing this further right now, Sokka sighed, dusting off his clothes as he
got to his feet.
“We’re good.” He said, before cracking a smile. “Come on, I want to make sure we get some
meat.”
“Foraging,” Katara said exasperatedly, “not hunting, Sokka, they said foraging.”
“Foraging smoraging, I still want meat.” Sokka said, petulant.

“What do you even forage for in these parts anyway?” Toph asked, and her question got what
she wanted from it, because Aang lit up, bouncing happily over to her to talk her ear off
about the fruits that grew around here and moon peaches and if he’d told her about the time
him and Monk Gyatso threw fruit pies at the other monks. Toph listened like he was
annoying her, but Sokka didn’t miss the small smile on her face. And people think she doesn’t
care, Sokka chuckled.
____
Apparently, Chena had been banned from foraging since the ‘wheat incident’, leaving the job
to Tulok, Aput and, surprisingly, The Duke. It turned out the kid had travelled quite a bit with
his friend, known as Pipsqueak, making the eight-year-old a pretty decent forager. It would
also give him something exciting to do, which Zi Se was aware of, because he now sat with
the others, arms folded and a face like thunder.
Zuko withheld a sigh as he sat next to the little boy. This was what they’d been doing. Not
talking, but still staying within one another’s orbit. Zuko meant to apologise, truly, he kept
spinning the words around his head, trying to figure out what to say. But he’d never been
taught to apologise because for a very long time, the people around him didn’t regret the pain
they caused. Anger was supposed to be shameless, but Zuko’s was a sin within his ribcage,
one he was so ashamed of it sometimes felt like it was crushing him. Zi Se was part of that
shame, he was noticing. He was a bigger part than he was ready to admit. Zi Se was
innocence, and Zuko was so far from innocence that being near the little boy sometimes felt
like suffocating. Zi Se’s innocence, Zuko’s lack thereof - they were tied, they were dual, two
sides of one coin. The things Zuko did that got him hurt, he did for Zi Se. The naivety Zi Se
had from having the worst parts of that cell hidden from him was because Zuko used himself
as a shield. It was his fault, and he ought to be proud of that, grateful that this little piece of
hope survived, but looking at Zi Se sometimes... sometimes it just made him bitter. Why did
he get to be okay? What did he have to be angry at Zuko for, after everything he’d done for
him?
Words Zuko knew pestered him. Ungrateful. Naïve. Words his father used on him that he was
turning on Zi Se, and he wanted to stop, stop the cycle before it started again, but he didn’t
know how.
“Hey Zuko,” Tomkin said suddenly from where he sat nearby in the little gathering they’d all
made, and Zuko jolted, looking to the boy, “how’s that Mai girl doing? Did you see her
again?”
Zuko blinked in surprise, before rolling his eyes, pushing his other thoughts away quickly.
He'd regretted telling Tomkin about Mai all those months ago, and it seemed he still had
reason to, because Tomkin’s blue eyes were mischievous, and now, Nanook was grinning a
little too.
“She’s fine." Zuko admitted. He learnt a long time ago that the words ‘we broke up’ meant
nothing to Tomkin.
Sure enough, Tomkin wiggled his eyebrows like an idiot. “Just fine?”

Zi Se was looking up at Zuko with an expression that begged to ask who Mai was, because
the kid was usually so full of questions, but he kept his mouth shut with much effort, and
Zuko felt a stab of discomfort at that. It was immediately followed by indignance, and he
hated himself for it, hated the quiet voice that whispered it’s my turn, it’s my turn to be a kid,
it was taken from me and he’s flaunting it with this childish little grudge.
“Well,” Zuko started, a little snappy, “I haven’t seen her since she helped me escape the
palace, so yeah, I’d say just fine.”
Kanut narrowed his eyes then, zeroing in like a lion-vulture, and Zuko quickly looked at his
hands. The healer had a habit of somehow seeing every part of him, and he was so ashamed
of this part. No one could know. No one would understand.
“How dramatic!” Tomkin gasped, because he either didn’t notice Zuko’s sudden temper or
he’d, more likely, learnt to push through it. Tomkin swooned against Nanook with a grin.
“Spirits, I just love romance. Nanook, hold me.”
“Get off.” The older boy said, shoving him away, hiding a small laugh.
“What do you mean by escape the palace?” Suki asked, and Zuko’s stomach twisted. She was
sat nearby, with Sokka and the rest of the Avatar’s group, but Zuko had thought they weren’t
listening. The people here had a habit of doing that, Zuko had noticed. Sitting in one big
cluster but still branching off into separate groups. Zuko didn’t know why they didn’t just
separate into those groups anyway, just like how he didn’t know why they all insisted on
sleeping as one big group instead of in the temple’s many rooms.
Suki had seemed pretty focused, helping Aang and Katara weave a basket from grass to put
the food in later, Toph sitting lazily back and Sokka being banned from helping because he
kept making puns about it and Katara looked seconds away from strangling him, though it
was a different sort of violence in her eyes than what Zuko saw in Azula’s. Tomkin and
Nanook sat to their side, and separating Zuko from them was Zi Se, tracing a small finger
into the dust of the rocky floor. Kanut and Hakoda sat opposite, Kanut reading, Hakoda
pretending to be dozing though Zuko knew he was listening. Somewhere, Chena and Bato
were sparring, if Bato’s random yelps of terror were anything to go by, a few calls of ‘do not
come near my nose again, you monster’ filling the peaceful air. It was nice, easy, so very
easy, but now Suki was looking at him, the question so very easy, and Zuko was hesitating,
and it was making Nanook narrow his eyes.
Zuko shrugged, avoiding everyone’s gaze. “My father wasn’t exactly pleased by me leaving
to help the Avatar.”
“You told him?!” Tomkin gasped, and Zuko couldn’t help but smirk a little.
It had felt so good to get those words out, to look his father in the eye and release some of the
rage, to say to the blade you cut me, you cut me and I am bleeding, and it’s your fault, it's
your fault, it's your fault.
“I wanted...” Zuko started, and Agni, wasn’t that terrifying? That he didn’t hesitate to try and
explain himself to these people, that he didn’t hesitate to try and pry open his chest for them

if it meant they’d give him some time. “I don’t know, I wanted him to be angry. I wanted to
get under his skin.”
“Was it worth it?” Kanut asked suddenly, and when Zuko looked up, the healer’s blue eyes
were wide, raw, mesmerised.
Zuko swallowed, remembering the bite of lightning, his father’s love in the form of a punch
to the face, a sneer as Zuko ran from him. He'd always be running from him, but then again,
he’d been running for a very long time.
He said it vehemently, said it with every bone in his body that had ever broken to this fight.
“Yes.”
It was quiet between them for a moment, as if no one else really understood the magnitude of
that but they could understand what it meant, what it meant to Kanut, who couldn’t stop
staring. Zuko never got justice from his father, and he was resigned to never getting it, but
that conversation in the throne room, for how terrifying it had been, for how reckless, it had
been some closure. There was a thirteen-year-old boy awaiting burial within Zuko, and
saying those words to his father, getting them out of him where they could no longer fester –
it put him to rest, just a little. Kanut never got that. His father took even that from him, and
the boy within him would have to live like a soul does when it is not given burial rites.
Haunted, wandering, lost. A piece of him forever unsettled, an angry father making home in
his heart.
“I think it’s cool that you stood up to him.” Aang said gently, and Zuko had never heard the
energetic boy sound so mellow, grey eyes staring into Zuko like he was seeing all of him. “It
must have been hard, because you love him. It was brave.”
Aang didn’t know. He didn’t know what had happened, didn’t know what Ozai had done to
Zuko. Because there was a part of Zuko, twisted and confused, that did love Ozai, but Aang
probably thought father and pictured someone like Hakoda, and Zuko supposed if he loved
Ozai as Sokka loved Hakoda, then standing up to him truly would have been brave, would
have taken strength, would have been some big sacrifice. But it wasn't. It was selfish, and it
was brave in the classical sense of the word, the risking your life sense.
Still, the Avatar’s gaze was so honest, so kind, and Zuko wondered how he could do that.
Zuko's family took everything from this boy, and they were sat in the ruins of that memory,
but still, Aang welcomed him, and tried to be his friend. Zuko had given him nothing but a
face haunting the echoes of his culture’s killer, and Aang offered him forgiveness in young
hands that believed Zuko wouldn’t hurt him.
Zuko sighed, dragging a hand down his face, looking down to Zi Se a moment and feeling all
the guilt, all of it, try and claw right out of his chest, through marrow and muscle. He
breathed in deep.
“I can’t teach you firebending.” He said, sudden and weak. “I’m not... I’m not ready. Fong
he...” He tried, but it got caught on the way out. Everyone was just staring. He breathed out.
“I’m not ready. I'm sorry.”

Sokka reacted first, eyes widening, the expression of someone who has been puzzling over
something for a long time and finally found the answer, realising exactly why Zuko kept
dodging Aang’s clear indications for Zuko to be his teacher. Zuko focussed on him. He could
handle Sokka’s surprise, but he couldn’t handle Tomkin’s shaky ‘oh’, or the way Nanook
immediately ducked his head, or how even Katara – hardy, shameless Katara – softened as
she connected the dots.
He felt pathetic. It was fitting.
“That’s alright.” Hakoda said, and Zuko flinched, not expecting the Chief’s voice, the older
man clearly deciding the feigning sleep act wasn’t getting him anywhere. Hakoda smiled.
“We still have time.”
“And besides,” Kanut joined in, “there’s other ways to learn, right? Not just active
demonstration. There's books on firebending.”
“A book could work.” Sokka said, perking up.
“I guess I'd take a book.” Aang said, dejected, but there was a teasing aspect to it, like he was
grateful for anything he could get.
“Do you still have that one?” Zuko asked Kanut, remembering the book with the red cover,
the pages on lightning, the cold-blooded fire.
Kanut winced. “It’s... on the Ullaakut.”
Zuko held back a groan. Tomkin did not.
“Really, Kanut? We can’t get you away from the damn things and the one time we actually
need a book from you, you don’t have it!” He cried in dismay, and Kanut looked like he was
contemplating the consequences of throttling Tomkin with the book he did have in his hand.
“Zuko knows it all anyway.” Kanut hissed, glaring at Tomkin. “He can tell Aang about it
better than a book ever could.”
“Is this you admitting that books aren’t that good?” Hakoda asked, feigning curiosity.
Kanut did cave then, snapping his book shut and hitting his friend over the head with it.
Hakoda barked out a surprised laugh, grasping his head and ducking out of a second attack.
“That’s actually a really good idea.” Sokka said, ignoring the fact that his father – the Chief was currently wrestling the healer, like that was a normal thing to do.
“Of course it is,” Kanut said with a huff, finally retreating the moment Hakoda started
slamming his knuckles down onto Kanut's hands, “I came up with it.”
“This is so exciting!” Aang beamed.
“Well, Zuko, what do you say?” Hakoda asked. “You up for it?”

And Zuko realised that he could say no. He could say no and they wouldn’t hate him. He had
a choice here, he had time, he had rest. Zi Se stirred a little beside him, looking up at him
worriedly, like he didn’t want Zuko to do this, like it would take Zuko from him, as if Zi Se
wasn’t the one ignoring him. It was such a childish thought. It was such a childish thing,
because Zuko was thinking like he’d forgotten Zi Se was five. Of course he wasn’t going to
be mature, because he quite literally wasn’t.
But Zuko had time, and he needed time. He realised it in that moment. He needed some time
away from Zi Se, to untangle his thoughts, because Zi Se didn’t deserve all of this resentment
building in Zuko towards him. It wasn’t his fault. It was out of his control. Zuko needed time.
So, Zuko turned back to Aang and Hakoda, nodding. “I’ll do it.”
____
Toph wondered what her parents would think if they saw her now, lying back in the dirt
beneath the sun, half-napping and half-listening to the conversation the Fire Prince and the
Avatar were having about the basics of firebending. The thought of her parents' inevitable
horror made her grin to herself, and she shuffled more comfortably into the dirt. What a life.
“So, what’re you gonna tell me about first?” Aang asked excitedly, hopping up and down on
his heels. “How to do big explosions? Oh, oh, what about that thing Azula does, with the
daggers? That'd be cool, or-.”
“You’re nowhere near ready for any of that.” Zuko said, unamused, and Toph snorted loudly
at the prince’s bluntness. Sparky was funny like that. He didn’t mean to be abrasive like Toph
did, but he still rubbed people up the wrong way, and then he wouldn’t get it when people got
pissy with him.
Still, Toph could feel how tense he was, more rigid than normal, which was saying something
seeing as Zuko always seemed to be expecting an attack from one of them. He'd gone like
this every time Aang brought up firebending, and it hadn’t dropped since Zuko said he
wouldn’t teach him.
That’s why Toph was here, babysitting him, to make sure Aang’s big mouth didn’t run away
from him and cause Sparky to have a nervous breakdown.
“Why don’t you just start at the beginning?” Toph suggested sagely, donating some of her
eternal wisdom to the two charity cases that were her friends. “You know, like the original
source of firebending or something. Like with earthbending, the original source is the
badgermoles. That's where I started.”
Toph remembered that cave, running away to hide from the world, being so scared when
everything started to rumble around her, so vulnerable. And suddenly, there was this big
creature in her face, sniffing and investigating, curious. They were blind too. Toph had never
felt understood before, and they taught her about her element, that earthbending was more
than just a martial art, a way of fighting; it could be her eyes, her senses, her freedom.

“Huh, that’s super interesting, Toph.” Aang said, completely serious as he pondered a
moment, before getting excited. “I learnt airbending from the monks, but the original source
were the sky bison. What about you, Zuko? What was the original source of firebending?”
Zuko was doing that thing he did when Toph could feel the anxiousness in his silence, the
way he was wringing his hands, deep in thought.
“The dragons.” He said quietly. “But they’re extinct.”
Aang shifted his weight, not liking that answer. “But Roku had a dragon, and there were
plenty of dragons when I was a kid!”
Zuko just sighed. “Yeah well,” he huffed, “they aren’t around anymore. But the first people to
learn from the dragons were the ancient Sun Warriors, I could tell you about them? Their
civilisation wasn’t too far from here actually. The warriors died off thousands of years ago;
it’s just ruins now.”
“Can we go?!” Aang cried in delight, and Zuko stuttered a moment, not expecting that.
Toph snickered, because of course Aang would use this as an excuse to get a daytrip out of
the firebender. It was a little reassuring, actually. Ever since Zuko told them about Sozin’s
Comet and the attack coming, Aang had kickstarted the same rigid regime of sleeplessness
and obsessive training that he had for the Day of Black Sun. No one liked seeing him like
that. Not even Toph, tease as she might.
“I... I don’t know.” Zuko finally said, with the tone of someone who does not yet understand
the Avatar’s erratic ways but will be forced to soon enough. “I guess you could?”
“Yes!” Aang shouted happily, airbending upwards a little before returning to the ground. “I’m
gonna go tell Katara!”
Which left Zuko and Toph alone, Toph smirking and Zuko undoubtedly staring off after Aang
in confusion.
“What just happened?” Zuko asked.
“I think,” Toph snickered, cracking her knuckles, “you just signed yourself up for a field trip,
Sparky.”
“Wait, he wants me to go?” He snapped his head in Toph’s direction so quickly she thought
he might sprain something, and Toph laughed evilly, getting up to follow Aang, Zuko trailing
after her and receiving a total of zero answers.
What a life.
____
There was a lot of shouting, and Zuko was trying very hard to just disappear into the
shadows, hunching into himself and becoming as small as possible. He didn’t even want to

go to the ruins; Aang had just assumed he was offering to go with him. He thought the Avatar
would go alone, or with his little group. Why did he even want to go with Zuko?”
“Why do you even want to go with Zuko?” Katara asked, exasperated as she gestured wildly.
“Katara,” Aang hissed, like Zuko wouldn’t notice their conversation, “that’s rude.”
“She’s right.” Zuko said monotonously. “Why don’t you two go together?”
“Because you’re a firebender!” Aang huffed, like it was obvious. “You gotta tell me about it
when we’re there.”
“I can tell you about it from here.” Zuko pointed out.
“Come on, Zuko.” Aang whined, his face doing something strange so that his mouth pouted
and his eyes widened. “We won’t even be gone long.”
“You’re going?” A quiet voice asked suddenly, and they all turned to see Zi Se. Usually, at
this time of day, he’d be with The Duke, playing around the temple like a five-year-old ought
to, but... Oh, The Duke was still foraging. Zuko cursed.
Zi Se was looking at Zuko with wide eyes, and to a stranger, the kid just looked surprised,
curious, but Zuko knew that expression, the same expression he gave Zuko before Akinari.
He was frightened, frightened at the thought of Zuko leaving. He'd been gone so much longer
than he meant to last time. After Lanse was taken from Zi Se, it was a cruelty Zuko swore
he’d never put the little boy through again.
But what was his plan? To just stay by Zi Se’s side forever? Zuko needed time, he needed
space, and this trip to the ruins was the best excuse he’d been given in a long time. And Zi Se
needed this too, even if he couldn’t see it. They'd tied each other together too tightly, the
binds too close to skin, and it meant cutting free would tear at them, but it had to be done if
they ever wanted to move on. That's what this was all supposed to be. Zuko brought them
here, away from the White Lotus camp, away from Fong, because he wanted them to heal.
He wanted Zi Se to have another chance.
Zi Se would be safe here. This wasn't like with Akinari, when Zuko had to leave on a whim,
when Zuko was so consumed by vengeance that he didn’t realise how reckless he was being,
and he went back to the Fire Nation because he realised he wasn’t good for Zi Se. He was
making him worse, if anything, because Zuko’s own shadows were throwing the kid into
darkness. Separating himself from Zi Se when he got like this... it was the mature decision.
Zuko couldn’t help Zi Se after he’d killed Fong.
He couldn’t help him now.
But he might be able to help the Avatar, and he could give himself some time, even if only a
few hours, to breathe his own air. His life was so consumed by Zi Se, like it had been
consumed by Fong in those days before the library. How could he let himself love this little

boy when he knew the thoughts in his head? How could he protect him when his own shame
made his hands shake?
There were curses in Zuko’s blood and he wielded the element of hatred, and he was tired,
and angry, and he needed time.
Zuko sighed, conceding, his tone too cold when he spoke to Zi Se. “I won’t be gone long.”
Aang lit up. “So you’re coming?!”
“No detours or anything stupid.” Zuko said moodily. “We’ll poke around for a bit and then
come straight back.”
“But...” Zi Se started, his own insistence of staying annoyed with Zuko battling this new
terror in his eyes, and guilt threatened to split Zuko in two. He hated himself, in that moment.
More than he had in days. He couldn’t even look at Zi Se. Zi Se, who had done nothing
wrong. He made Zuko feel sick.
“It's only for a bit.” Zuko said, crouching to Zi Se’s height, pushing some of his hair out of
his eyes. How could he even touch him? How dare he?
Zi Se yanked himself back, eyes glassy. “You said that last time.”
Zuko tried to hide a flinch, tried to swallow his frustration. One day, Zi Se would be grown,
and he would understand all that Zuko was doing, but right now, Zi Se was five, and Zuko
was terrible, and he had to go.
“And I came back, didn’t I? I promised.” Zuko said, a hint of exasperation as he got to his
feet. Zi Se took a step forward, as if angling to close the distance Zuko had put between
them, but Zuko pretended not to notice, turning away to face Aang and Katara.
“Let’s go, Sifu Hotman!” Aang beamed.
“Do not start calling me that.” Zuko warned as the Avatar leapt onto the air bison’s back.
Zuko went to join him, about to climb up into the saddle, when he paused, feeling Katara’s
heavy gaze.
“Can you...” Zuko started, turning to her and then to where Zi Se still stood, alone and forlorn
and so very small, deserving so much better than Zuko.
Katara's smile was small but kind. “I’ll keep an eye on him.”
“Thank you.” Zuko said earnestly.
And then they were gone.
They flew for hours and Aang didn’t stop talking for the entire journey. Zuko just stared at
the clouds, feeling the wind brush tender fingers through his hair, the sky a blue blanket
around them. It was beautiful, up here. He felt so far away, so removed. Untouchable. He

could pretend he wasn’t real up here. There were no princes in the clouds, no murderers, no
traitors, no brothers. Only air, cool and honest.
Zuko closed his eyes and let himself fade.
____
Eavesdropping was Bato’s forte, but observing – that was Kanut’s department, well and true.
And Kanut had been watching. He'd been watching since Zuko and Zi Se fell out a few days
ago, watching as the firebender made no moves to mend things, feigning obliviousness to Zi
Se’s obvious desire to fix this sudden rift but his inability at such a young age to do it
himself. And from watching, Kanut could tell one thing for sure. Zuko, who got so protective
of Zi Se that he’d kill a man just to tell him he was truly safe, who wouldn’t leave the little
boy’s side for so many days, who woke up from a near fatal fever and still thought only to
ask of Zi Se, did not want to fix this rift. He wanted to keep it, keep his distance, keep the kid
away. There was a sudden polarisation there, and Kanut didn’t know where it was coming
from, and Zuko wasn’t talking about it.
When Kanut’s father died and his first thought had been only that maybe his nightmares
might stop, he’d felt a shame so great that he wanted to hide. He saw that in Zuko, to a higher
degree. He was so young, but he carried so much shame in him, so burdened by an
impossible standard of honour thrust onto shoulders unable to bear it. And he internalised it,
that shame, letting it twist and snarl inside him. When he convinced himself he was rotten, it
was because Zuko thought he was evil. But that wasn’t it. The rot came from his own mind,
seeds sown from people supposed to protect him, the skin of an apple bruised and bitten into
to reveal something festering. Zuko had survived so much, but after all of it, he’d be the one
to kill himself. Kanut was sure of it.
And the worst part was that Kanut didn’t know how to help, because he saw a mirror in
Zuko, and it had taken Kanut so much time to learn to live with himself, with the seeds his
father had planted in him. He had only learnt in this last decade how to mend and care for the
orchard of his own mind; how could he possibly look Zuko in the eye and tell him what to
do?
Zuko had always been braver than Kanut. He'd known it ever since the South Pole, perhaps
even longer than that. Was it worth it? He remembered the way golden eyes had hardened.
Yes.
It wasn’t about if Kanut said the right things to Zuko. It was just a matter of trying.
He wouldn’t let him destroy himself. If Zuko didn’t get it out soon, that shame would eat him
alive.
The moment Kanut came to that conclusion, he got to his feet, placing down the book he was
reading and heading out of the infirmary to go and find the offending firebender in question.
It was only when he spoke to a rather sheepish Katara that Kanut was informed that Zuko and
Aang had gone on a field trip together, despite Hakoda grounding him and Kanut’s clear

instructions of Zuko needing to rest his leg.
He was in so much trouble when he got back.
____
Zuko was sat on the very top step of one of the beautiful tiered pyramids decorating the Sun
Warrior ruins, forearms to his knees and his head hanging between them, catching his breath.
When he’d reluctantly agreed to come with Aang, he hadn’t realised he was agreeing to what
felt like thousands of steps, his leg pulling uncomfortably every time he hauled himself
forward. And Aang was such a strange breed of oblivious, shooting ahead excitedly but then
circling back every time to check Zuko was alright.
And he was. He was fine. He just needed to rest a moment and maybe wait for his leg to stop
stinging so much. He hated how intimately he knew the pain, hated the fear stabbing the pits
of his stomach at the thought of how stupid he was being, how much it would devastate him
to have to go through that all again.
Zuko lifted his head, raking a hand through his hair and using this break as an excuse to look
over the old civilisation. From the top of this pyramid, it was beautiful, a sight of sandcoloured rocks strewn with vines beneath the golden sun. A memory of something ancient, an
old civilisation, and yet, within it, Zuko felt some familiarity. The architecture was similar to
the temples of the Fire Sages. It was a strange realisation, one that sat in his chest and
lingered.
They'd been careful getting up here, ever since Aang took one step into the ruins and almost
immediately got impaled by a spiked booby trap. There was something here, something
worth protecting even thousands of years after this civilisation’s extinction, and Zuko felt
something spark in him, stirring; curiosity.
“Zuko,” Aang said suddenly from behind Zuko, voice serious, uncharacteristically quiet, “I
thought the dragons were friends with the Sun Warriors.”
Zuko frowned, turning to face the kid, and was met with a wall a few steps away from him,
Aang stood before it, hand pressed gently to the images engraved into the stone. Zuko had
told him more about the Sun Warriors as they flew here, but now, his voice wouldn’t meet
him, sitting like a lump in his throat as he stared at the mural on the wall.
There were patterns in the stone, and amongst them was a scene of a Sun Warrior, surrounded
by fire, so much fire, dragons breathing it in snarls, angry. Rage and fire, fire and rage. Zuko
swallowed. This was known.
“Well,” he said, pushing himself unsteadily to his feet, “they had a funny way of showing it.”
Dragons were mythical creatures of Fire Nation history, but then, that wasn’t necessarily true.
The last dragon had been alive in Iroh’s lifetime; not that long ago. And while Zuko had
never seen one, they were everywhere in the Fire Nation, hiding in tapestries and portraits
and clothing and architecture. They were part of the country’s foundations, the original
masters, and they were gone because of fire’s inherent destruction. Zuko turned his face

away, the engraving suddenly making him uncomfortable, and he went to move on, move
away, but-.
“Something happened to the dragons in the last hundred years.” Aang declared, somehow
both stern and gentle. “Something you’re not telling me.”
It shouldn’t have felt like an accusation, because it hadn’t been Zuko’s doing, but still, the
sins of his ancestor’s sat heavy on his shoulders, and this was another part of their bloody
history, another part he was left in the ruins of with a thousand fingers pointing at him. Agni,
would this anger ever be sated?
Zuko took a deep breath, and he told Aang about the dragons, a tale of glory and conquering
and insatiability, all for honour and legendary firebending prowess. Aang was quiet as Zuko
spoke, head bowed, sad. Sad, because this was another part of his childhood that the Fire
Nation had reached for and mauled. That was what fire did. That was what it turned men into.
This was known.
And it felt very... telling. Aang was the epitome of good, and not just because he was the
Avatar. He was the symbol of the side Zuko had joined, the good guys. He was the one they
were all following, the one destined to save the world from this war, the one who would
defeat the epitome of badness in this world that was the Fire Nation and Ozai and burning hot
flames. But it was more, because even without all that, Aang was so incomprehensibly,
unapologetically good. He forgave. He wasn’t angry. After everything Zuko’s nation had
done, Aang still had hope for them, for him, and he made it clear every time Sokka broached
the subject that he didn’t want to kill Ozai. Aang was a pacifist and a child and he was kind
and gentle and good.
And here Zuko was, telling him about the dragons, extinct because of the badness in this
world, and he didn’t know his place in it all. Because Zuko would never kill a dragon; he
couldn’t even kill a fox-antelope, or a caribou-yak. But he wasn’t like Aang, wasn’t good.
What was left?
Fire was ruination.
This was known.
____
Katara didn’t say anything as she came to sit beside Zi Se. The little boy had chosen a nice
spot to set up camp; on one of the platforms facing the way Zuko and Aang took off from, a
few of the boulders naturally arranged into a small alcove overlooking the ravine. Zi Se had
watched until Appa was a mere speck in the distance, and then the little boy wordlessly
turned around, grabbing a nearby blanket – Sokka's – and some kale cookies – Aput's –
before setting them down amongst the boulders and promptly refusing to move. He'd been
there ever since, just sat, legs crossed, eyes staring up at the sky, waiting.
It felt like something Katara shouldn’t interrupt; Zi Se wanted to be alone right now. But he
was upset, and besides, Zuko had given her that look. Those golden eyes had been so

vulnerable as he turned to her, and he’d trusted her with this, with Zi Se, this boy that meant
the world to him. Her and Zuko were far from being friends, but they’d grown from just
having a precarious truce. She was starting to understand him, starting to, tentatively, figure
out how forgiving him would work, if she decided to choose that. Zi Se was their common
ground, though, and she wouldn’t let Zuko down on this.
So, she sat with Zi Se, and she didn’t say anything, just letting her shoulder brush against his
in a silent showing of comradery. They would wait together, and if Zi Se wanted to talk, then
they would talk.
The truth was, Katara knew this feeling all too well. She'd been both watcher and waiter so
many times before. Staring out at an inky sky, the cold air around her familiar, scanning the
horizon for a ship with blue sails, waiting for Hakoda to return to them. She gave that up after
only a few months, anger unsettling the waters of her fear, because how could he? How could
he leave them behind?
Sokka, though... he never gave up. He sat there, on his wall of snow, staring out at the ice
every night, tight jaw throwing shadows beneath Tui, so sure that Hakoda would come back
for them. Sokka wasn’t spiritual like Gran Gran or Aang, and he found Katara’s
waterbending silly, and he liked science, logic, things he could prove. That was just how he
was, but sometimes, when she’d watch him watch the sky like that, alone but so unmovable,
Katara thought that the reason Sokka was so grounded was because all the faith in him, every
bit of it since childhood, had been put into their father. Katara believed in Avatars and Spirits
and bending; Sokka believed in Hakoda. That was how it was, how it always had been.
“Do you think he’ll come back?” Zi Se asked suddenly, voice so impossibly quiet, like a petal
floating down the ravine, never taking his amber eyes off the horizon.
Katara knew he was asking about Zuko, but still felt her heart stumble at the question. Do
you think he’ll come back? She'd asked it Sokka one night, curled close together beneath the
furs, complaining when his cold foot touched her leg or when her hair got caught in his
mouth. He'd gone so still, and she’d felt so bad for even asking, because she knew how he
felt about this; they’d argued about it enough. But instead of the immediate attitude she
expected, the annoyed hiss of ‘obviously, it’s Dad’, Sokka just sighed, seeking out Katara’s
hand and holding tight. A little too tight to only be doing it for her.
He’ll do his best, Sokka had said, and it was the first time Katara ever realised that Sokka
knew there was a chance Hakoda might never return. It was the first time she’d ever properly
let herself consider it, too. She'd never had to. She realised how young that sounded, now she
was older, now she’d seen more of the war. But back then, Hakoda was indomitable and he
was going to come home and save the world on his way. Sokka though... he’d known from
the beginning the threat their father had walked into, he’d known that if Hakoda didn’t come
back, all of it, the responsibility of Katara, of the village, of being a warrior, fell to him.
Maybe that was part of why he sat on the walls every night, waiting, hoping, desperate.
And Katara saw Zuko in both Hakoda and Sokka. She saw him in the absence, leaving
behind a child who would sit here waiting, waiting, waiting, but she also saw him in the
memory of a boy suddenly crushed with a responsibility he was still too young to shoulder.
Sokka, face fierce, now having to take care of Katara, because kick up a fuss as she may

about her own abilities, but Kya was gone and Hakoda was gone and Gran Gran was only
getting older, and Katara had been so young, so broken. So Sokka stepped up, because no one
gave him any other choice. Sokka, shoulders broad, ready to carry them through whatever
happened next.
Katara remembered her brother brave, watchful, but as she saw Zi Se now, all she saw was a
scared little boy who deserved so much more than what he got.
“He loves you, Zi Se.” Katara said softly. “He’ll do his best.”
She wrapped an arm around the child’s shoulders, pulling him close as he held her back after
only a moment’s hesitation. Her mouth felt dry, lungs struggling to take full breaths. She
didn’t want to see her brother in Zuko, or see Zuko in her brother, because Sokka was
brilliant and kind and funny, and Zuko was... Zuko. But even when she pushed the thoughts
away, opting to just focus on Zi Se, she still felt that unsettled static in her ribcage, and she
felt her opinion of Zuko shift ever so slightly.
“Can we wait out here until they get back?” Zi Se asked, looking up at Katara then, eyes so
wide. Fire Nation, a voice inside her whispered, old and angry. But it had never been that
simple, and Kanut was right, and anger was easy, which wasn’t to say she wasn’t entitled to
it, nor that anyone would judge her for clinging to it. Katara had every right to hate these
people, but for tonight, easy routes wouldn’t cut it, and Zi Se needed her here.
It was already getting dark, the sun setting on the lip of the cliff-face like it was balanced
there, about to tumble over the rocks. This was a landscape of browns and greens, but when
Katara closed her eyes, she could have been back home. She used to tease Sokka for waiting
as he did, used to say he was being naïve, foolish, but Hakoda came back, didn’t he?
“Of course.” Katara let out a breath, a bit of tension leaving her, and she smiled down at Zi
Se. ”We’ll wait.”
____
“You had to pick up the glowing egg, didn’t you?”
“Shut up.” Zuko snarled, because while his days of wishing violence upon the Avatar were
over, he was currently actively considering throwing something heavy at Aang. Or at least,
that is, once he got out of this mess and was able to throw something heavy at Aang.
Because right now, they were both trapped, pressed into bars that felt too familiar, bodies
encased by whatever that thick goo was that flooded the room they’d been in. Zuko had been
lucky, freeing one of his hands in his desperation to tug the bars out of the way, but what use
was that if the rest of him was completely stuck? He was incapacitated beside the Avatar, the
stars twinkling smugly above them as the sun began to set. Zuko could barely keep his
heartrate under control, panic rushing through his veins and jolting with every sharp breath
that cut through him. He was trapped, helpless, defenceless, imprisoned. And Aang clearly
didn’t understand the gravity of the situation, because the kid was just beside him cracking
jokes, more concerned about his boredom than their survival.

This whole trip had been a mess from start to finish, from Aang setting off the booby trap to
Aang forcing Zuko to dance with him even though his leg was already hurting, and now this?
If Aang would just take things seriously, or if Zuko had just refused to come...
“You’re annoyed with me,” Aang said, voice shattering the sudden tense silence that
suffocated them, “aren’t you?”
Zuko could move his neck a little, and did his best to look at Aang. The kid’s face was
shadowed, sombre. He very suddenly looked incredibly tired, like all of his hundred years
had hit him all at once. It surprised Zuko’s anger into quieting, if only for a moment, and he
sighed. Maybe if he spoke, it would distract him from the all-encompassing terror he was
currently trying to shove aside. It was better than just sitting in silence, at least. Zuko had
learnt that with Zi Se, letting the little boy’s nonsensical words ease over him, calming him
no matter how much pain he was in.
“Not annoyed.” Zuko said honestly. “Just... frustrated. I don’t get you.”
Aang frowned then, almost offended at his own complexity. “What’s not to get?”
Zuko thought of the Avatar’s childishness, his naivety, his infallible urge to forgive.
“You’re just so...” Zuko started, struggling with the words, trying not to fidget because every
time he moved, he was reminded of his predicament. He couldn’t feel his legs. Zuko grunted.
“You seem so pure. There's so much hatred in this world, and you’re only young but you’ve
seen it first-hand. I just... How can you stand it?”
Maybe he asked because he was panicking, not thinking clearly, or maybe it was easier
because he could just stare at the stars with the excuse of being physically incapable of
meeting Aang’s wide eyes, or maybe, just maybe, he’d been wanting to know this for a long
time. The Avatar, in all his tainted innocence, was a mystery to Zuko, and had been for years.
He expected a rebuttal, Aang scoffing immaturely, because surely that was just what good
people did. They took the bad and didn’t meet it with worse. They took the pain and didn’t
feel the urge to hurt back. This was just something Zuko would never understand.
But Aang went quiet, thinking, before speaking in a voice that was at once small and large.
“I don’t know if I do stand it.” Aang said, almost ashamed. “I wobble sometimes, when I
think about the air bison, or Monk Gyatso, or how I'm never gonna see any of them ever
again.” Aang sniffled a bit, and dread filled Zuko because Agni, of course he made the kid
cry. But as quickly as he’d become upset, Aang worked his jaw, jutting out his chin as much
as he could, proud, strong. “When I feel like that though, I speak to Katara. I don’t like the
way it makes me angry, or when I get lonely, but she helps. She tells me to focus on all the
good that’s still in the world, and there’s so much of it, if you just look!” He smiled then,
perking up, before his smile turned into something a little sadder, a little more burdened. “I’m
the Avatar... so I should forgive, and not be bitter.”
Zuko thought on that, but no matter how he turned it, he couldn’t imagine anyone ever
expecting that of Aang. His whole world was torn from him, and he was left alone in the

remains, the last of his kind, and it was something Zuko would never understand, something
that warranted the uncomfortable guilt sitting within him. Aang had every right to be bitter, to
be unforgiving. It would make more sense if he was.
Still, Zuko stayed quiet, letting Aang consider his own words a few moments. Zuko almost
flinched when Aang cocked his head a little – still hindered by their current prison – and
spoke in a suddenly curious, chipper voice.
“What do you think?”
Zuko was stunned, not expecting that, blinking in surprise before thinking hard on all that
had been said. Something felt off about all of this. When Zuko had told Aang that the boy
had seen so much of the world’s hatred, he meant everything. Aang lost his people, was
forced to be the Avatar, had seen battles and loss and had responsibility after responsibility
forced onto him, and he was only twelve. It was enough to make anyone bitter, yet he just
smiled through it, but Zuko didn’t quite believe it. I’m the Avatar, so I should forgive. It was
part of his burden, Zuko realised. Aang was so desperately trying to be a good Avatar after
disappearing for a hundred years, trying to mend the damage he let happen in his absence. I
should forgive. They were the words of the Avatar, the symbol of balance, of peace. But they
were not the words of Aang.
The thing with balance though, was that it had two sides. People often forgot that. Balance
lost all its meaning without both good and bad.
“I don’t...” Zuko started, tone gentle, thinking each word through carefully. “I don’t think our
goodness is determined by our capacity for forgiveness. I think we can be angry and still be
good. They don’t have to cancel out.”
And all at once, it was like a punch to the face. I think we can be angry and still be good. His
words, his own double standard, because when he looked at Aang, this little boy who’d lost
everything, trying so desperately to force down a justified anger, it made sense. It made
perfect sense. Aang was angry and bitter and confused, and he had every right to be, and he
didn’t stop being a good person just for feeling that way.
But until now, why had applying that to himself seemed complicated? It was so simple. Zuko
was angry, and he felt anger different to how Aang did, more aggressive, louder, but it was
still anger, just as an eagle-hawk is a bird as much as a dove. And it was justified, because
Zuko went through something terrible, which meant having it live in him how it did, having it
rage and fight and rattle against his skeleton – it didn’t make him inherently bad.
Aang was looking at him with that wide, starry-eyed look he sometimes gave, cracking a
small smile. "You know, Zuko,” he said, smile growing, “I don’t care what anyone else says;
you’re pretty smart.”
Zuko huffed, before allowing the smallest of smiles back.
Which was exactly when a large man with a mean scowl appeared, dressed exactly like an
ancient, long-extinct Sun Warrior would have dressed, and everything went to shit again.

____
The Sun Warriors were alive. They were alive and living in this place thought to be ruins, a
flame at its heart burning for eternity, and Zuko and Aang were to be tested by the
firebending masters. As Zuko took his flame, he felt like his whole body was electrified.
“The flame will go out if you make it too small.” The Chief was saying, harsh gaze turning to
Aang. “Make it too big,” he looked at Zuko, “and you might lose control.”
Aang shakily took his flame, before his shoulders visibly drooped a little, relieved, like he
half expected the small fire to rage out of control.
“Oh.” He murmured, lips curling up. “It’s like a little heartbeat.”
The Chief stared at Zuko when he spoke, those fiery eyes unblinking, like he knew, knew
what Zuko’s family had mutated firebending into, knew what Zuko had himself done with his
bending, knew the blue hues of his flame, the unnatural abomination of it. Disgrace.
“Fire is life,” the Chief said firmly, “not just destruction.”
Zuko only stared; it wasn‘t what he’d expected the Chief to say. He fought off the instinctive
urge to scoff.
Fire was only destruction. There was nothing else. It had never brought anything but anguish
to the world; a weapon of violence, a translation of pain. This was known.
____
The cave of the masters was up a hill, which in turn led to a clearing heralding another set of
extremely steep stairs. Zuko knew how disrespectful it was to roll his eyes, but that didn’t
mean the exhaustion he was feeling didn’t give him the urge to. His body was weak, and he
hadn’t realised just how far from his usual health Zuko still was. Kanut was going to kill him
when he got back. Zuko had never been bludgeoned with a book before, but he couldn’t
imagine it was a very pleasant experience.
Chanting filled the clearing, indicating that it was time for Zuko and Aang to scale the stairs
and face the masters, the Sun Warriors circling fire, bowing and moving fluidly, a ritual.
Zuko felt it in his bones, each chant knocking with his racing heart, and Aang looked ready to
run away, shaking like a leaf as they started to climb, his flame flickering uncertainly. Zuko
had noticed on the walk up here that Aang was timid with his bending, scared of the flame,
and it seemed Zuko’s attempts at reassurance hadn’t done much.
Zuko wondered what the masters would be like, what they would do, if Zuko would fail. The
Chief hadn’t been subtle in his opinions. He saw Zuko and Aang as equally responsible for
the dragons’ extinction, and it made Zuko’s skin crawl. But if the worst happened, Zuko
knew they could take the masters. They had to be able to.
They were the Fire Prince and the Avatar, and Zuko had been through far too much to die
here.

____
The rocks around them began to tremble, both Zuko and Aang standing fireless and
vulnerable on the platform, staring into the mouth of a dark cave. Zuko reached for his
sword, body responding to the threat automatically, because he knew fighting, knew danger.
And then, two eyes began to glow from the cave, far too big to be human, before something
huge and blue surged forwards. Zuko didn’t have time to duck, to do anything, frozen in
place in surprise, before two creatures whirled around them, so big that each of their
movements caused a gust of wind that threatened to throw Zuko to the ground, scales dancing
beneath Agni’s light like molten gold dripping over red and blue.
Dragons.
Real. Alive. Dragons.
“These are the masters.” Zuko whispered in awe, seeing the symbols of his home, his
childhood, moving and breathing right there, barely a few steps from him.
“Still think we can take them?” Aang asked in a low voice.
Zuko elbowed him in a panic. “Shh, I never said that.”
The dragons kept moving, twirling and bending in circles, and Zuko felt so small, so aware
that if the dragons decided to kill him, he would be helpless to stop them. Still, strangely, he
didn’t feel threatened. it was a different feeling, a peace, almost, like his very core was being
pulled towards these ancient creatures.
And then Aang realised they were waiting, waiting for them to do a firebending form with
them. Them, the original masters. Each punch and twirl and step mirrored by a dragon, raw
power following them and flowing into Zuko until even his leg didn’t hurt. It should have felt
surreal, but instead, Zuko felt as he did when they first started flying here, in the clouds. He
felt numb, buoyed by something stronger, peaceful.
He wasn’t even scared when the dragons stopped in front of each of them, white teeth bared
before Zuko, golden eyes huge and all-knowing. This, he knew, was when the masters
decided their fates, and fighting didn’t even cross his mind. Violence, destruction, rage – they
were all so far away from this moment.
The blue dragon opened its mouth, fire building in the back of its throat, and Zuko was ready
for the burn, knew how it felt, closed his eyes and resigned himself to it. He heard it first.
Fire always roared when it was shot out with enough strength. Like a dragon, he thought
distantly.
But nothing burned. He felt the heat, close to his face, close but not touching, and when he
cracked his eyes open, Zuko’s breath caught in his throat.
Zuko and Aang stood in the eye of a multi-coloured storm of fire, every colour Zuko had ever
seen dancing in the flames, trickling like tributaries through the true orange, and then colours

Zuko couldn’t name, but could feel. A green that felt like the scraped knees of boyhood. A
purple that felt like shouting over a family dinner. A yellow that felt like fields. A blue that
felt like ash.
A blue that felt like ash.
A blue that felt like a hillside.
A blue that felt like a burial.
A blue that felt like a killing.
Like a cell, like the way your lungs choke when you sprint, like shattered glass, like a scar on
the palm of your hand, like Azula, like the tribesmen.
A blue that felt like home.
It blazed and screamed in his ears, this cacophony of colours, an explosion of life, like Zuko
had broken a mirror and was seeing everything from the distorted, bleeding reflection, and he
knew this, he knew what this was. He'd seen this rainbow before, in an ink-black sky, with a
different name, a different purpose.
The Aurora had been a loud declaration of life, of love and loss and the spectrum of human
emotion, good things dancing with the bad, a perfect balance. But this was fire. Fire which
meant hatred, fire which meant rage, fire which meant violence, fire which meant destruction.
But this fire... it was beautiful.
And Zuko should have been terrified, because this was the unknown, threatening to uproot
everything he’d ever believed, but instead, he wanted to reach out, to touch, to feel the fire in
his hands. For the first time in weeks, he wanted to feel it, that familiar heat, that comforting
tug of his chi. Because fire was rage, but, he realised, it was also kindness, and it was love
and hatred, life and grief, revenge and redemption. Fire was all that made them who they
were, be that good or bad. It was why he could use anger and pain to power his firebending;
because those emotions were bad, but they were also human. They made him Zuko. And with
that, he could use happiness, loyalty, determination, to power his bending, because they were
human too.
Humanity was a constant balancing act. Every living thing had an opposite. Every person had
a duality to them. Without this, the very foundations of the world fell apart.
This was a landscape of fire, and Zuko had navigated it since birth, desperately trying to
figure out his surroundings and put a name to the locations he saw. Mountains of pain,
ravines of anger, forests of love, a home on fire in the distance.
He knew. Burning was more than a weapon, or a tool, or an excuse. It was an expression, the
deepest telling of one's soul, their hopes and dreams and passions and fears, the most crude
version of their heart. And Zuko had lived through each stage of burning. He had been

snuffed out, he had been an inferno, he had been blazing for so long he’d forgotten what it
felt like to be unburnt.
He knew. He knew fire better than most people. He'd seen it at every angle. He'd seen it
thrown from cruel hands and he’d seen it held in gentle fingers. He knew the kindness of fire
just as he knew the terror of it.
He knew, for how terrifying it was, fire was one of the most beautiful things in the world.
He knew now. He understood. Fire was a weighted scale, and fire was duality, and fire was
life, energy, everything and nothing all at once. The more he felt, the more he burned.
He knew now.
The art of burning was humanity.
____
The ride back to the Air Temple was contemplative, and the entire time, Zuko cupped a blue
flame in the palm of his hand, right over the thin white scar that lay jagged there, holding it
steady against the wind. When he thought of Fong, the flame surged, but if he watched
carefully, thoughts of rum heists, of gap-toothed smiles, of redemption in blue eyes – these
strengthened his fire just as his anger did.
“You know, Zuko, I've been thinking.” Aang said from where he was riding on Appa’s head,
throwing a smile over his shoulder. “What you said before, about it being okay for me to be
upset about things... I didn’t think of it like that.” Aang’s expression was so raw, so genuine,
and Zuko’s flame fluttered as he watched, entranced. “But that also doesn’t change that I
don’t want to feel angry, even if I know it’s okay to be now. I meant what I said, about
Katara. Talking to people you trust helps. And we’re all friends now, so if you ever want to
talk, you can talk to us.” He beamed happily before chuckling. “Though maybe Katara
shouldn’t be your first port of call.”
Zuko was laughing before he even realised it, no hesitations, no concerns, laughing like it
was instinctive, which it wasn’t for him. But he wanted it to be.
“Thank you,” Aang continued, trying to be serious again, because he truly didn’t realise how
young he looked, “for helping me realise some things, Sifu Hotman.”
Zuko rolled his eyes at the nickname, before smiling back, a small, real thing.
“Thank you, Aang.” Zuko said, eyes landing on his steady flame. “Today meant a lot to me.”
Aang lit up like that was the best thing he’d ever been told, and maybe that was why Zuko
said what he said next, because the kid’s charm was just that irresistible, but really, he
thought he’d known this ever since they’d stood before the dragons.
“I think,” Zuko said slowly, “that I'm ready to be your firebending teacher, if you’ll still have
me.”

Aang shot into the air, backflipping with an excited cheer before landing easily back on the
air bison, grin so large it must have been painful, and Zuko didn’t fight back the smile that
curled onto his mouth. In his palm, his flame grew.
It was dark by the time they got to the temple, and everyone was in bed aside Katara and Zi
Se, who were sat beneath a blanket together, waiting. Aang immediately darted off with
Katara, talking loudly with big hand gestures, and Zuko wondered how long the secret of the
dragons would be kept if Aang had anything to say about it.
Zi Se stood a little forlornly, still holding onto the blanket which only made him look smaller
as it bundled at his feet. Zuko smiled at him, and it relaxed something in Zi Se, like he’d
expected Zuko to go straight back to ignoring him. Guilt was an uncomfortable weight sitting
on Zuko’s chest, but he didn’t try and fight it. All of that guilt and anger and shame he felt
when he looked at Zi Se pushed and pulled like tides within him, and instead of trying to
deny an ocean, Zuko merely took a few steps out of it. Focus on the good. Laughter and foxantelopes, a dagger and a necklace, a sky of fire and a riverbank. One day, Zuko would be dry
of these feelings. For now, they lived within him, and he was going to stop fighting that. He
would balance them instead. He would find the good amongst all this bad. He would let
himself feel all of it.
Because people like Zuko didn’t do things in moderation; if he was going to keep going, then
he would feel things in their entire inferno. Good and bad.
“Come on, kid.” Zuko said, reaching down and picking Zi Se up like he’d done so many
times before, using his free hand to wrap the blanket tightly around him, aware of the night’s
chill. “It’s time you went to bed.”
And while Zi Se didn’t say anything, he also didn’t argue, which was how Zuko knew they’d
be alright. Of course they would be, some part of him thought, they were Zuko and Zi Se.
That night, Zuko moved their bedrolls next to each other, setting Zi Se carefully down before
facing him, legs crossed, expression serious. He wouldn’t set a trend for ignoring these
things. He wouldn’t let apologies become rare. He would do things differently. He was going
to be better than what he knew.
“I’m sorry I shouted at you.” Zuko said, and Zi Se stared with wide, amber eyes. “That was
wrong, and you didn’t deserve that. The thing is, all of this... it’s been harder than I thought it
would be, and that’s why I didn’t speak to you for so long. But that wasn’t your fault, Zi Se,
and I want you to know that.”
Zi Se was scrunching the blanket close to his chest. It was a blue blanket, a little torn at the
edges, like it had been used a great deal. Zuko had no idea where he even got it from, but
hoped no one was missing it too much.
Finally, rather sagely, Zi Se nodded, and Zuko fought back a small smile.
“Will you forgive me?” Zuko asked, giving Zi Se a choice.

Zi Se hesitated, before nodding vigorously, and then getting to his feet, making grabby hands
at Zuko. Zuko grinned, relief swarming him like an infestation, and he wasted no time
scooping Zi Se into his arms, holding him close, a familiar weight.
“Missed you.” Zi Se mumbled into his shoulder, hair tickling his jaw, voice a little groggy; it
was significantly past his bedtime.
Zuko rubbed soothing circles into Zi Se’s back with his thumb. “I missed you too, kid.”
They fell asleep next to each other that night, Zi Se’s head on Zuko’s arm, and for a long
time, Zuko just watched Zi Se, the moonlight throwing shadows onto the boy’s face. He
wondered how he would look when he was older, how he would act, if any of this would
affect him or if it would all be a blur, and at that thought, Zuko felt a familiar selfish tug. I
hope he remembers. But instead of snapping down on it, hot shame trickling down his spine,
Zuko instead investigated it, and he found that its source was not selfishness.
I hope he remembers. I don’t want to shoulder this alone.
Fear had always been a shadow of Zuko’s. Truthfully, he was not wicked; he was a scared
boy who had done bad things. And maybe it would take him many more years to accept that
of himself, but for tonight, he had apologised, and he’d done a damned good job of it.
For tonight, he was doing okay.
____
Sokka went to bed late, sparring with Suki until it became too dark to justify. It was a full
moon soon, and Sokka just wanted... Well, he never really knew what he wanted, when the
moon began to grow instead of shrink, but sparring was always a welcome distraction. By the
time he stomped over to his bedroll, he was exhausted and sweaty, and could think of nothing
better than a nice, long sleep.
The universe, of course, had not forgotten their feud.
“Where the fuck is my blanket?” Sokka demanded.
Katara, conveniently, didn’t hear him.

Chapter End Notes

chapter 36 also known as 'there are so many callbacks to previous events in taob in this
chapter that half of it might as well be copy pasted but at least i did the decent thing of
putting most of the balance related symbolism in the subtext instead of forcing it down
your throat'. i am also aang fan no.1 and i think it shows bc while i do not have the time
nor the word count to spare looking into his current guilt complex, i am absolutely doing
it anyway.

also i wrote a satosugu fic for jujutsu kaisen if you're in that fandom!!! it's very short
and hurt me a great deal but it's jjk so what did we expect.

😉

happy one year to taob and thank you all for taking a chance on this story with me.
here's to many more chapters and hopefully no more angst (...... )

(*I trip and hundreds of pictures fall out of my pockets of The Avatar Aang doing that
happy little grin of his* shit fuck im so sorry fuck shit *scrambles to pick them all up.
more fall out* oh my god fuck I swear i can explain oh shit)

Chapter 37: ii. Born Hungry
Chapter Notes

today in taob we go back to our roots: daddy issues.
fun fact i wrote one of the zuko povs for this chapter while DRUNK out of my mind bc
my dumbass decided day drinking tequila was a good idea. i have however been semiproductive since the last upload and by 'productive' i mean i watched banana fish!!! and
subsequently suffered greatly. because of aforementioned suffering my brain went
'healthy coping mechanisms: activate' and i wrote a fix it fic! so if you're in the banana
fish fandom, you can read that here. it's ongoing and i'll be uploading it pretty regularly
x
okay enjoy this besties it's a rough one for zuko lmao everyone point and laugh at the
traumatised loser. don't do anything i wouldn't do xoxo

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It was getting harder and harder to ignore the rift between Sokka and Hakoda, and trust him,
Sokka was actively trying to ignore it. But each day was making it more and more apparent
that Sokka just didn’t know how to act around his dad. He couldn’t put his finger on it. Sure,
it was hard trying to go back to how they used to be, because Sokka was older and whether
he liked it or not, Hakoda had had to leave them for a very long time, and that was going to
change things. But still, everything had been fine between them for those few weeks on the
Ullaakut, and even the preparations before the Day of Black Sun had seen Sokka – while still
stressed – be pretty relaxed around Hakoda. Katara had been the one with the problem, back
then, but now, her and dad seemed better than ever, and it was Sokka who couldn’t seem to
shake this.
So what had changed?
The invasion had failed, for one, but Hakoda had made it clear that he didn’t blame Sokka for
that, that he was proud of him. And then there was the whole Zuko Situation – it had been
demoted from Catastrophe to Situation, which Sokka thought was very lenient of him – but
him and Zuko had spoken, and he’d been sure he felt no residual ill will surrounding his
father and the firebender, because he’d sorted it himself. So why were things still so strange?
Sokka hated it. Every time Hakoda tried to make conversation with him, he’d freeze up, and
he felt like he was constantly on edge, trying to prove himself, trying to show that he was
better, that he still deserved the title of son, and no one else.
Sokka wasn’t one to wake up any earlier than absolutely necessary, but that morning, as the
sun began to devour the horizon, he found himself staring at the temple’s cracked ceiling,
thoughts whirling in his mind like a snowstorm as he tried to focus on the even breathing of

the group around him, or the way the fire still crackled embers every now and then. He felt
like there was a weight sitting on his chest, only getting heavier with each day that passed,
placed there when he stood in a library and saw his father regard an enemy with fondness.
Unbudging. No matter how much he strained to lift it.
He frowned, turning in his bedroll, ignoring the chill creeping over him thanks to his lack of
blanket. Sokka could excuse overthinking, but when it started interfering with his precious
sleep, that was when he drew the line.
His moping was interrupted by the sound of careful footsteps coming from inside the temple,
growing louder. Sokka slammed his eyes shut, not wanting to submit to conversation this
early in the morning when there was still a chance he could get some more sleep, but cracked
one eye open a little out of curiosity, confusion filling him when he saw Zuko quietly
manoeuvring through the group of sleeping teenagers and warriors. Aang stirred, Zuko
muttering something to him, and after a few moments, the two were off outside. They'd
probably agreed on some weird early-morning bending practise. Everyone had stayed up for
the two last night, Katara because she thought Zuko might be hatching some incredibly
complicated plot to kidnap Aang, and everyone else because they were genuinely concerned
about both Aang and Zuko’s safety. Zuko had ducked immediately into the temple, avoiding
everyone, but Aang had been practically bursting with excitement.
He told them about the firebending masters, a flame that looked like a rainbow, a deeper
meaning, and a new teacher.
If you’d told Sokka a few months ago that the Avatar he just found in some iceberg was
going to need an actual firebender as a teacher, and that teacher was going to come in the
form of Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation, then Sokka might just have dived into the polar
waters and succumbed to an icy death when he had the chance.
Now though, it... it made sense. It seemed right somehow. Sokka couldn’t put his finger on it.
He sat up with a sigh, giving up on sleep altogether, dragging a hand down his face and
beginning to untangle his hair, pulling it into its signature style.
“You’re up early.” Hakoda said, and Sokka jumped, just managing to swallow an undignified
screech. He'd been so deep in his head that he hadn’t noticed his father sat up on his own
bedroll to his left, blue eyes narrowed, analytical. Sokka felt like he’d been caught stealing.
Sokka shrugged, feigning nonchalance. “Couldn’t sleep.”
Hakoda hummed, unimpressed, and didn’t break the silence that descended, just holding
Sokka’s gaze. Spirits, he was definitely in trouble. But what had he even done? Sure, he
tripped Katara over yesterday, but she barely hurt herself and besides, she hit him back, so by
the universal laws of siblings everywhere, they were even.
“Sokka,” Hakoda eventually sighed, something like concern on his features, “what’s gotten
into you lately?”

Crap, he’d been caught. Of course he’d been caught. Chief Hakoda was one of the greatest
minds in the war effort, if not the greatest. Sokka was such an idiot, thinking he could just
figure this out and pretend everything was normal between them.
It wasn’t. It wasn’t normal. And he hated it.
Hakoda was watching his every move, watching how Sokka’s face fell, then twisted, then
tried so very hard to pull into a smile that said ‘you worry too much; everything’s fine’. It
looked more like a grimace. Hakoda sighed again, this one less frustrated and more... sad.
“Can we talk?” He asked, and before Sokka could respond, Hakoda was bundling up his own
blanket, getting to his feet, carefully manoeuvring around their still-sleeping companions, and
sitting down next to Sokka, wrapping the blanket around the two of them. It was such a small
thing, but Sokka was paralysed, just watching. His dad was warm beside him, the blanket soft
against the morning’s bite, and he wanted to stay rigid, proper, strong, but it all punched out
of him in the same moment, because he was so tired, and he wasn’t strong all the time, and
once, he could be anything in front of his dad. He came crying to Hakoda over scraped knees
and he shouted angrily when Katara bothered him and he threw himself into his embrace
because Hakoda was his father, which meant he knew all of him.
When did Sokka start hiding himself?
What was he trying to prove?
“I just...” Sokka started weakly, leaning into Hakoda’s shoulder, eyes trained on his hands in
his lap like that would make him feel better about it. “I guess, the whole Zuko thing? It's
just... confusing. For me. I don’t-.”
Sokka huffed out a dry laugh. Tui and La, what was he even trying to say. They'd talked
about this. Hakoda had explained how this all came to be, and why he didn’t tell Sokka
sooner, and it was in the past now. Sokka had spoken to Zuko, too. He didn’t even hate the
jerkbender anymore actually, he’d grown a strange respect for him. Mind, he still didn’t like
Zuko, but he could dislike someone and still respect them. He admired the way Zuko had
gone through so much and still came out the other end, and not only that, but he was turning
out to be not entirely terrible. He'd saved Zi Se, protecting the little boy with a moving
fierceness, and he had the tribesmen’s favour, and he’d agreed to teach Aang firebending, to
aid the fight against his own father. So, Sokka respected him. In a weird, rivalrous way. Zuko
was strong.
It was all supposed to be fine now. So what was this feeling? It curled inside Sokka like
something rancid and corrosive, a bitter mix of ambition and jealousy, an insatiable urge for
everyone to see that he was just as strong as Zuko, a desperation for his father to see that
“Yes, I did make quite a mess of things.” Hakoda said simply, a tired observation, and Sokka
started, staring up at his dad in surprise.
“What? No, that’s not what I-.”

“It’s okay, Sokka.” Hakoda cut off Sokka’s panicked scramble, and Sokka realised Hakoda
wasn’t offended by the statement, he just seemed accepting of it, like it had been on his mind
too, like Sokka wasn’t being overly sensitive about it after all.
“Well, no, it isn’t okay.” Hakoda said, frowning a little, before bumping his shoulder into
Sokka’s with a small smile. “I should have spoken to you sooner. I shouldn’t have let it drag
on like this, but I didn’t know what to say.”
The sudden honesty startled Sokka, and he could only stare, awed by the ease of which
Hakoda admitted his shortcomings.
“I kept thinking it might just... sort itself out.” Hakoda said, huffing a dry laugh. “Like it
would all go away now we were all safe and together again, but that was selfish of me, and
stupid. I really do want us to talk.”
Sokka swallowed, throat like sand. “Me too.”
Hakoda smiled properly then, pleased, and Sokka took a deep breath, trying to figure out his
thoughts into something he could voice aloud. Finally, he settled on the truth, no matter how
much it bothered him, no matter how much his skin crawled the moment he stopped the
jokes, stopped the impulsive grin, stopped the urge to insist he was fine, he was strong, he
was a warrior.
“I feel like...” Sokka said, wincing when his voice cracked uncertainly. “I feel like you’re
comparing me to him. To Zuko... And I feel like I don’t match up to him.”
Because Zuko had been through horror after horror, some horrors Sokka didn’t even know
the story behind yet, like that inexplicable scar on his face. Zuko had survived everything that
tried to crush him and he did so with grit and a stubbornness that had infuriated Sokka since
the beginning, with his golden eyes catching like fire on Sokka’s skin and a body of scars that
screamed endurance. And here was Sokka, with different horrors in his memory, different
traumas, and he felt like a child playing dress-up. It didn’t fit him like it fit a boy raised to be
a leader. He was awkward and gangly and he joked too much, and Zuko was so captivating.
Even the way he held himself was elegant, regal, and Sokka couldn’t compare next to him.
Hakoda was staring at Sokka, bewildered, before his blue eyes flashed with regret, turning to
settle on the sleeping bodies around them, friends and benders and kids and adults, their tribe
of many nations, like he thought looking at Sokka might reveal too much. It was silent for too
long, and Sokka felt nausea wrack through him with each moment his dad didn’t respond.
Was this as stupid as he’d originally thought? Was Hakoda disappointed in him? Did he
sound childish?
Before the thoughts could consume him, Hakoda’s breath caught, and he opened his mouth to
speak.
“Sokka,” he said, and he spoke with such vehemence that it demanded to be listened to, the
voice of a Chief, a leader, a father, “I need you to know that I am completely, painfully aware
of how strong both you and Zuko are. Your strength these past few months has made me

endlessly proud. The way you’ve fought, the way you’ve protected your sister and your
friends – you're one of the best warriors I have ever had the pleasure of meeting.”
The praise hit Sokka like one of Katara’s tidal waves, and he blinked dumbly, speechless and
completely caught off guard. These were the kind of words he had only ever dreamed of
hearing, and to hear them directly from his dad’s mouth, said so easily, so determinedly, like
there was no questioning them – Sokka’s heart clenched in his chest. But Hakoda wasn’t
done.
“With that in mind,” Hakoda said, and he stared Sokka down here, “it is completely irrelevant
to my love of you. You are my son. Whether you turn out a warrior or a scholar or anything at
all, you are my son, and I will love you with everything I have. There is nothing, nothing,” he
grabbed Sokka’s wrist, holding firm, “that you can do that will stop me from loving you,
because you are my son, and that isn’t something that needs to be earned. I care about Zuko, I
do. He grew on all of us, some of us more reluctant than others” He chuckled there, an inside
joke Sokka was slowly becoming privy to, before his expression became serious again. “But
you and Katara are my children, my flesh and blood, and I could never love anyone more.”
I could never love anyone more. Because Hakoda had a lot of love in his heart. He would kill
himself a hundred times over for Bato and Kanut, he would travel to the ends of the earth for
Chena, Aput and Tulok, he would ruffle Tomkin and Nanook’s hair with so much affection it
seemed to bleed from him, and he would welcome Zuko into their lives, arms open and
enough love to share with him too.
But through it all, Sokka was still Hakoda’s only son, as Katara was his only daughter, and
they came first, always.
It seemed so obvious that Sokka wondered how he’d ever questioned it. Hakoda had never
been comparing him to Zuko, but even if he had, it didn’t change things. Nothing could. Not
even this war or oceans between them or years of watching the snow waiting. Sokka was
Hakoda’s son, and he could never love anyone more.
Sokka didn’t know what to say - what could he possibly say that topped that? - so instead of
talking, he threw his arms around his dad’s neck, hugging him tight like he’d wanted to do
for days, and Hakoda hugged him back without hesitation, the blanket still wrapped so tightly
around them. It was so warm, and like a child scared of snowstorms, Sokka felt so
completely safe in his father’s embrace, utterly shielded from the world, if only for a
moment.
That moment began to petulantly push at its own definition when Hakoda, even after a
reasonable amount of time to be hugging someone had passed, refused to let go. Sokka pulled
back, confused, only for his dad’s arms to tense and simply pull him closer, reminding Sokka
of just how strong Hakoda was.
“Dad.” Sokka mumbled into Hakoda’s shoulder. “Dad, I'm not a kid anymore, you’re pushing
it.”
“Don’t care.” Hakoda said, raising a hand to ruffle Sokka’s hair that he’d just pulled up into
its wolftail. Sokka yelped then, trying to scramble away, but Hakoda was completely

unmoving.
“Get off, you’re supposed to be a chief. This is not very chiefly of you, Chief.” Sokka
grunted, continuing to struggle to no avail. After all, Hakoda had significantly more practise
in the Wrangling Ill-Behaved Kids department, and it didn’t help that Sokka was biting back
a traitorous grin.
“If I'm the chief it means I make the rules,” Hakoda said, and now Sokka was fully in a
headlock, face smushed uncomfortably into his father’s neck, “and I rule that I am allowed to
be as embarrassing towards my kids as I want.”
“This is a gross abuse of power.”
“Don’t care.” Hakoda repeated, sounding just as impudent as he did the first time he said it.
“I’m your chief and your father. That gives me double rights to cuddles. In fact, where’s your
sister? This can be a group thing.”
“No.” Sokka shoved a desperate hand against Hakoda’s chin. “This isn’t cute. You're not cute.
Let me go.”
“You wound me.” And then Hakoda actually pinched Sokka’s cheek, earning an offended
squawk that he dutifully ignored. “I’m wounded.”
A loud groan suddenly filled the camp, and Sokka briefly stopped struggling at the
interruption, blue eyes spotting a now very much awake Bato rubbing a hand down his face.
“You are so incredibly insufferable.” Bato murmured, voice still groggy from the sleep he
had clearly been roused from due to the father and son’s ministrations. “Have I ever told you
that?”
Hakoda barked out a laugh right in Sokka’s ear. “Only daily for the past three decades. Did
we interrupt your beauty sleep?”
“As a matter of fact,” Bato hissed, pushing himself into a sitting position and sending them a
surly glare, “you did.”
Sokka couldn’t help but notice that he was still in a headlock and used his dad’s momentary
distraction to dig an elbow between Hakoda’s ribs. Hakoda wheezed in surprise, buckling and
giving Sokka the moment he needed to shoot to his feet, taking a few cautious steps back for
good measure and almost treading on Nanook.
“Thanks for nothing, Bato.” It was now Hakoda’s turn to glare at his friend, crossing his arms
like the sore loser he was. Unbelievable.
Bato grinned charmingly, a bright expression on his handsome face. “You’re so welcome,
Chief.”
“I think you’re both insufferable.” Sokka decided, a scientific statement made from
exhaustive research and primary data.

Bato blew him a kiss. Hakoda just laughed. It was conclusive.
“I’m going to go train with Boomerang for a bit.” Sokka said, rooting through his things to
pull out his beloved weapon. “Shout me when breakfast is ready?”
“Will do, son.” Hakoda said, a fond expression on his face. It all felt so normal, like they
were back home, starting their chores together, Gran Gran cooking with Katara, Hakoda
coming back from a hunt.
Sokka went to leave, aiming to find a nice clearing away from the cliff – if he lost
Boomerang to the ravine he might genuinely cry – but Hakoda stopped him.
“Oh, Sokka?” He asked, and Sokka hummed in interest. A few of the other warriors were
beginning to wake up now, Nanook almost jumping out of his skin when he cracked his eyes
open to see Sokka looming over him.
“If you see Zuko about, tell him me and Kanut want to speak with him.” Hakoda said, an
ominous tilt to his smile. “Don’t let him get away. I mean it, I'm giving you express
permission to bodily haul him if you have to. He's quick and he fights dirty, and he is also
very much grounded.”
Sokka snorted, remembering his father’s frustrated ranting from the night before as they all
waited for Aang and Zuko to return safe. Sokka had been on the other side of his dad’s
scolding; he didn’t envy the firebender. And somehow, this all felt normal too. Now Sokka’s
insecurities had been smoothed over, living with Zuko, seeing how Hakoda was with him – it
seemed easy. Sokka knew his place in it. It was something he could make work.
Sokka tapped two fingers to his forehead and gave his father a mock salute. “One former Fire
Prince coming right up, sir.”
Bato laughed, shaking his head, and Tulok, who was now sat up, grunted, like this was an
offending comment from Sokka.
“Watch his elbows.” He murmured, and Sokka decided not to think too much on that.
____
There was a crane-vulture circling overhead, and Zuko couldn’t stop glancing up at it. He'd
woken Aang with the dawn, because he was determined to be a good firebending teacher and
rising with Agni was one of the first things Aang ought to know. For all he’d begged Zuko to
teach him, Aang was far from a star pupil, growing bored easily, wanting to do the exciting
things despite not even having the breathing exercises down yet. Zuko couldn’t help his
patience fraying, so he’d decided to lead Aang through a meditation. This, at least, was
something the monk knew. He was still a little antsy, but once Aang finally settled, things
became peaceful, a comfortable silence between the pair as they sat in one of the temple’s
clearings.
And then Zuko had heard a shaking call from the sky, opening his eyes a fraction in curiosity,
being met with a great dark shadow swooping through the ravine.

It was just a bird. Zuko tried to go back to his meditation, fearful of looking like a hypocrite
after how much he’d scolded Aang for his lack of concentration this morning, but still, his
golden eyes could barely tear away from the creature. It wasn’t circling anything in
particular, which reassured Zuko that the crane-vulture was hunting and hadn’t found
something rotting. Iroh had told Zuko about the birds the last time they came to this temple,
when Zuko was young and scarred and stupid. He'd only been half listening to what he
thought at the time had been nonsensical blabbering, but now, the words resurfaced. The
crane-vultures are both omens of harmony and omens of death, an interesting duality. They
feed off the carcasses of other animals, and they mate for life.
He didn’t know why he was so fascinated, following the curved beak of the crane-vulture, the
crooked talons designed to rip flesh from bone. There were remains in Zuko’s body, soft skin
pulled too tight. He wondered if the bird could sense it. He wondered if it was hungry.
“Hey jerks!” An obnoxious voice sounded, and Zuko startled, glaring at Sokka as he
approached them. “Mind if I watch you two jerks do your jerkbending?”
Aang jumped up in delight, clearly bored of meditating, and Zuko felt a bolt of irritation tear
through him at Sokka’s interruption. It wasn’t jerkbending. It was an ancient and sacred
martial art. What did Sokka know?
“We’re meditating.” Aang corrected with just a touch of disdain.
“Hm,” Sokka said, unimpressed, before turning his blue eyes on Zuko, “well, why don’t you
meditate on what you’re gonna say to my dad. He's not happy that you went out yesterday.
Neither's Kanut. They want to talk to you.”
Fear. It was instinctive, written into Zuko’s very marrow, and he hated it, but tried not to
blame himself. It wasn’t his fault. Hakoda himself had been the first to tell Zuko that. It
wasn’t his fault, but it was still so frustrating. Zuko knew Hakoda wasn’t a threat, he knew
that Hakoda wanting to talk to him wasn’t the same as Ozai wanting to talk to him, but still,
his instincts were long-lasting, and they wouldn’t give in to this strange new life so easily.
Zuko swallowed. He didn’t want to speak to Hakoda, with or without that fear. He'd been
grounded by the Chief and given strict instructions involving the word ‘rest’ on multiple
occasions by Kanut, and he’d taken that and ran off to the ancient Sun Warrior civilisation of
many staircases with the Avatar. He could imagine the lecture he was in for, and it made him
want to groan loudly. Suddenly, meditating with a petulant child didn’t seem like such a bad
way to spend the morning.
“Where are they?” Zuko asked, trying not to sound suspicious, but Sokka’s blue eyes
narrowed anyway. Zuko always felt like he was being scrutinised under that observant gaze.
It was endlessly unnerving and fascinating. It blindsided him every time.
“No way.” Sokka said, folding his arms, brandishing that Agni-forsaken boomerang as he did
so. “Not happening. You're not getting out of this one.”
Zuko couldn’t help but smirk drily. “What happened to teenage comradery?”

Sokka's eyes widened as he realised Zuko was quoting him, as he realised Zuko was making
a joke, and it was strange to see Sokka caught off guard like that. It opened him up more,
made him look vulnerable instead of the usual bolshy act he put forward in front of Zuko.
Zuko was suddenly reminded of waking up in the Boiling Rock, Sokka stretching beside him,
putting his hair up, guard down and relaxed, despite everything.
Sokka frowned, scandalised that Zuko was using his own words against him. “Hey-.”
“Yeah, yeah, I'm going.” Zuko said, cutting the other boy off as he got to his feet, knowing
full well it would anger Sokka even more. Sure enough, Sokka’s eyebrows furrowed, face
flustered in frustration. Satisfaction curled warmly within Zuko, and he bit back a small
smile.
Sokka, maturely, stuck his tongue out, reluctantly walking at Zuko’s side, ensuring Zuko
actually went where he was told. Zuko rolled his eyes, but quietly admitted to himself that he
probably would have bolted if not for Sokka shadowing him to stop exactly that.
The proximity meant Sokka’s boomerang, still held lovingly in his hand, was far too close to
Zuko for his liking. He kept glancing at it, untrusting, and Sokka noticed, because he was
Sokka.
He smiled crookedly and it made Zuko blank for a moment as the boy lifted the boomerang
proudly. “Nice, right?”
“I hate that boomerang.” Zuko muttered, far from impressed.
“This boomerang saved your life.” Sokka pointed out, and Zuko hadn’t expected the sudden
reminder of that library, of what Sokka had done. He waited to see bitter regret flash in
Sokka’s eyes, but nothing came. Sokka still wasn’t tiptoeing around Zuko, but he meant what
he said. Clean slate. Even now, Sokka remained the only point of true honesty in Zuko’s
world. Of all people, why did it have to be him?
“It also hit me in the head.” Zuko grumbled, feeling the phantom sting. They were coming
into the main living area now, where everyone else was getting ready for the day.
Sokka huffed. “Would you let that go already?”
“It hurt.”
“Please,” Sokka scoffed, entirely unsympathetic, “you had a helmet on.”
“Boys.” Hakoda said, and Zuko hadn’t even realised that they were approaching the Chief,
barely hearing the man’s amused warning at their antics, too frustrated by his son.
“Yeah? Why don’t you go put a helmet on and I'll throw it as hard as I can at your head and
we’ll see how you like it-.”
“Boys!” Hakoda called, finally getting both of their attention. Zuko snapped his head to glare
at Hakoda, before realising the man had come to stand in front of them, attempting sternness
but losing it to the way his lips ticked up a fraction. Still, Zuko felt momentarily sheepish for

being so immature. He used to be a prince, and now he was bickering? But Sokka got under
his skin in a way he wasn’t used to. Zuko was raised with people respecting him or fearing
him or being rude to him, but Sokka didn’t quite fit into any of those categories. He didn’t
respect him, that was apparent, and he certainly didn’t fear him, despite every reason Zuko
had handed the boy that said Sokka ought to see him as a monster.
He used to be rude to him, and that was when things made sense. But this here, it felt more
teasing, though still not in the way Tomkin and Nanook did it. It was frustrating.
“Sorry.” Zuko mumbled, looking at his feet, because no matter what happened, he didn’t
want to disappoint Hakoda.
This did not seem to be a fear Sokka shared with him. “He started it.”
Zuko threw the boy a betrayed glare. “I did not-.”
“Boys.” Hakoda groaned a third time, pinching the bridge of his nose. Sokka looked
incredibly smug. Zuko wanted nothing more than to make good on his threat and throttle the
boy with his own boomerang.
“Ah, parenting.” Kanut said dreamily, appearing at Hakoda’s side. “You’re doing a fantastic
job, Chief.”
“Shut up, that one’s your nephew.”
Zuko wanted to bash his head into the wall. “That’s still not funny-.”
“You make a good point.” Kanut said, cutting Zuko off in favour of giving Hakoda a sage
look that even Zuko could tell was fake. “Some nephew, ignoring me to go on a life-changing
field trip with a recently infected leg wound.”
Zuko's stomach fell sickeningly and he cringed under Kanut’s now hard gaze, knowing he
couldn’t avoid this conversation any longer.
Sokka clapped a hand to Zuko’s shoulder. “You’re on your own, bud.” He grinned, before
flouncing off.
Teenage comradery my ass, Zuko thought bitterly.
____
Berating Zuko always required the same level of delicacy as navigating a battlefield. Too
soft, and the boy would recognise he was being babied, and he would reel from it. Too hard,
and his instincts would kick in, screaming that he was in danger regardless of Hakoda’s
intentions. Hakoda could already see the way Zuko’s eyes had narrowed, how he’d rooted
himself to the spot where he stood before Hakoda and Kanut, how he’d subliminally turned
so the exit was directly to his side. It hurt, that Zuko still acted this way around Hakoda, after
everything they’d been through, but he knew with a stinging certainty that if Zuko didn’t act
this way, he would have died long before they met.

Hakoda wanted a world where Zuko and the other kids were safe. It was too late to ask for
them to have never known danger. It was years too late.
For now, delicacy would have to be enough, caring would have to be enough.
“Let’s sit down.” Hakoda offered, taking the first step and walking towards a quiet corner of
the room. He'd didn’t want the other warriors overhearing. They'd tease for one, as was their
nature, but it was more than that. Zuko didn’t exactly have a good history of being
reprimanded in front of an audience.
So, they sat down. Hakoda put his back to the wall, sitting as relaxed as he could, and Kanut
joined him with a scowl on his face, and when he was ready, cautious and cynical, Zuko sat
with them.
“I didn’t even want to go.” Zuko said, voice quiet, petulant as he twisted his fingers.
“But you did.” Hakoda pointed out, and Zuko winced slightly. It was strange how similar this
side of Zuko still was to the boy Hakoda had known. It wasn’t reassuring.
“I told you.” Kanut hissed, words harsh. “I told you exactly how bad your leg was, how close
you came, and this is what you do? Did you not learn anything? How can you be so
reckless?”
It wasn’t like Kanut to let the emotion bleed into his words so much, staining in their wake,
but the healer had been worried, and Zuko was special to him. They all knew it. Kanut didn’t
even try and deny it much anymore.
But still, the sudden sharpness of the conversation made Hakoda turn rigid, and he couldn’t
tear his eyes from Zuko, anxiously waiting for the boy’s reaction.
Zuko, however, seemed unfazed, guilt straining his expression, but also frustration. And it
made sense, because Hakoda knew this was how Kanut always spoke with Zuko. Sure, he
tended to refrain from such emotive outbursts, but the healer was blunt with Zuko, honest. He
didn’t baby him. He never had. Hakoda was being paranoid, but he just couldn’t stop himself.
He knew why.
The last time Hakoda had sat down to talk with Zuko, he had said something wrong, and it
led to Zuko leaving them for a very long time.
He wouldn’t mess up again. He wouldn’t lose Zuko again.
He had to do this right.
He had to do this perfectly.
“I feel fine!” Zuko insisted a little explosively. “It barely hurt while we were there, and I've
been resting it today. You're the one that discharged me.”

Kanut’s eyes flashed and Hakoda saw the exact moment Zuko regretted his words. Hakoda
needed to step in, not trusting his friend’s deadly tongue.
“We can’t change what happened.” Hakoda said placatingly, digging an elbow into Kanut’s
ribs. “But Zuko, we just want you to stop being so reckless. If this was a one-time thing, it
might be okay, but you do this all the time. What happened to that promise you made me?”
He had to be careful here; he was entering dangerous territory. “I may have broken some of
my own in the past, but you’ve always been better than me at keeping your word. Has that
changed?”
Zuko was silent, staring him down, but Hakoda knew he’d won. Honour was one thing Zuko
refused to be questioned on. He stuck to his code like he didn’t know how to breathe without
it, chasing some impossible height, a call of duty only he could hear. Hakoda had made
mistakes in his life, and he had broken promises he never meant to break, but Zuko... Zuko
had his word. There was a time when it was all Zuko had, and now, he wouldn’t let it go.
The echoes of a storm. It seemed so long ago now. I need you to promise me that from now
on, whatever you do, you’ll think things through first.
I promise.
Zuko exhaled, ducking his head so that his dark hair fell into his face. “I’m sorry,” he said,
the words soft, easily bruised, “for making you worry. It was short-sighted of me.”
Hakoda felt a warm smile grow on his face, turning to Kanut with a raised eyebrow.
Kanut seemed reluctant to let this go so easily, still glaring moodily between the pair, but he
eventually huffed under Hakoda’s gaze. “Whatever, tough guy. You can make it up to me in
some way. How about he does all my chores?”
“That’s called exploitation.” Hakoda pointed out.
Kanut shrugged. “I’m not above it.”
“Just because I’m sorry doesn’t mean I’m doing your chores.” Zuko growled, but he was
smiling a little, and this was new. This was something they never got. Zuko, brave enough to
rebuke them, comfortable enough to know nothing bad would come of it. He felt safe with
them. It eased something in Hakoda, and he couldn’t help when his own smile grew.
“Breakfast is ready!” Katara called from where her, Zi Se and the Duke were gathered around
the fire, the smell of something salty filling the air and catching Hakoda’s attention. He
grinned wolfishly, getting to his feet to try and get in the queue before Chena, who was
notorious for his big portions.
Zuko, however, had gone rigid, staring at the pot above the fire like it was about to lash out at
him. It was unusual. Before he was discharged, Zuko ate in the infirmary, and Hakoda
assumed he’d eaten with Aang when they went to the Sun Warrior ruins, though now Hakoda
thought about it... could he remember them taking any rations? When Aang spoke to them all

last night, energetic and gleeful, he’d mentioned how hungry he was, rooting through the
supplies. Zuko had just gone straight to bed. Had he not eaten for an entire day?
“I’m going to wash up a bit.” Zuko said quietly, scrambling to his feet and making to flee
inside the temple as Katara started dishing out what looked like a delicious hermit crab stew.
It was hard to incorporate much range in their diets, when they had such limited supplies and
were trying to feed so many mouths, but Hakoda was proud of how well his daughter had
managed, how she always took what the warriors hunted or foraged and managed to make
something nice from it.
“But your food will go cold.” Hakoda said, concern coating his features. “Did you eat
yesterday?”
Zuko rolled his eyes. “Yes. It'll be fine.”
Hakoda’s concern only deepened. Through war and peace, through distance and time, there
was one thing Hakoda knew would always remain constant; Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation
was a terrible liar.
“You should eat, Zuko. It'll speed up your healing.” Hakoda said, and he so desperately didn’t
want to push the boy, but there was something uncomfortable sitting on his chest. There was
something going on here, in Zuko’s jumpy gaze, in his tense shoulders carrying a weight he
refused to name. Hakoda hated that he hadn’t noticed it sooner.
“Why aren’t you eating?” Kanut asked, and Zuko knew he was in trouble then, the healer's
sharp gaze narrowed on him. No one could escape Kanut when he focused on something.
“Come on, tough guy.”
Zuko looked torn, golden eyes flicking to the temple’s entrance achingly, before he sighed,
swallowing, like he was nervous, like he was scared.
“Okay.” He murmured, more to himself than them, looking slowly back to the food. “Yeah,
okay.”
____
There were ashes in Zuko’s mouth, sitting on his tongue and singing of the sculptures they
once were, dry and coarse, impossible to swallow, refusing to be spat out, and his stomach
ached. It ached in a way that hurt, tendrils of pain spiking into his muscle, empty. Empty.
Always empty. No matter what he ate, Zuko could never be sated. There was a crane-vulture
circling overhead, shadow still gliding over the temple, and Zuko was still a boy built of
remains. How did he explain this? This, another fracture pattern in the bones of his past that
prophesised him evil.
Zuko's collarbones dipped into his flesh like wings, and he thought of Chan.
Zuko's ribs patterned bloodstained skin, and he thought of fighting.

Zuko's fingers were crooked as they reached, and he remembered what he had done for so
little, so little in return. Scraps. Dirtied from the floor. Enough to survive on; not enough to
live on.
Katara handed him his bowl and a small loaf of bread, blue eyes never leaving him, because
as much as he had tried to bury this, he could only fit so much in his grave, and it was already
spilling over. She had seen. She had seen the way he refused to eat with the others, seen the
way he couldn’t be in the room with her with food between them, seen the way Zi Se’s eyes
shone with the honest fear of a child whenever this time of day arrived.
But Zuko said nothing, because he couldn’t escape this now. Hakoda was worried. Kanut was
onto him. Some part of Katara already knew.
Lips slick with something that tasted like blood, Zuko sat on the window ledge, separate to
the group, shaking hands warmed by the stew. He couldn’t feel a thing. How long does it take
a carcass to rot, to become inedible? How long before his mind finally stopped feeding off
this fear? A bird’s cry swallowed the temple, and the soft flesh of Zuko’s body bled with the
weight of it.
There was a crane-vulture overhead, hungry.
There was an eagle-hawk within, angry.
Zuko clutched the bread tighter, possessively, fingers digging into the rough exterior. He was
so tired, so empty, and in that absence, he had instincts. Animalistic and wild, cruel and
selfish. Instincts that had kept him alive for a very long time but would damn him here. They
whispered fight, fight and survive, survive and devour.
The bowl was empty in his hands. He couldn’t remember eating. And around him, there was
more food. Tomkin and Nanook had sat themselves close, on the floor before the window,
nearby but not pressing, and the rest of the group were littering this too-small room. It had
never felt so small before. There had never been this many people in the cell at Fong’s base.
There certainly hadn’t at the end. Many starved, and many would still be here today if Zuko
had shared.
But when he was in that mindset, when his body fell onto its instincts, it was hard enough to
share with Zi Se. Zi Se, an innocent child who was in pain. Zuko would fight for their food,
and afterwards, aching and bruised, he would hesitate. Because he was just so hungry. He
was so fucking hungry and he’d want to eat all of it because he earnt it, he was the one who
suffered for it, and because they never knew when food would come next, or if Zuko would
be too weak to win the next fight, or any of them ever again. The prospect of starving to
death was something Zuko had spent a very long time considering, and those thoughts that
had plagued him, that had terrified him, had never left.
Now, surrounded by people he trusted, who he didn’t want to hurt, was a very bad time to
realise that.
It was an even worse time for something to move out of the corner of his eye, as if reaching,
the bread still in Zuko’s grip, available to be taken, and those instincts roared to life, a fire

being fed air. He was moving before he could register it properly, and it was over before
Zuko could blink, looking to meet wide blue eyes.
Tulok's wrist was in Zuko’s hand, shoved to the side at a painful angle, and Zuko had used
the leverage to twist his body quickly, the small throwing knife in the waist of his trousers
now in his hand, the tip of the blade pressed threateningly into Tulok’s stomach.
For a second, they just stared at each other. His racing heart overpowered the sounds of the
temple, but he could feel the way eyes had turned to him, a room holding their breath. Fear
lurched uncomfortably in Zuko’s stomach, and he felt sick, terror of what he’d thought had
been about to happen, of someone taking his food, turning into horror, because this wasn’t
Chan or any of the other prisoners. This was Tulok, and they were at the Western Air Temple,
and he was safe.
“I was checking if you wanted my bread.” Tulok said softly, body entirely still like he was
scared Zuko would flee. “I’m not that hungry and it would be a waste.”
He'd been trying to give Zuko food. He'd done a nice thing, a kind thing, and Zuko had dug a
knife between his ribs hard enough to cut through his shirt, a speck of blood staining the blue.
Everyone was staring. Everyone was staring and there were entire cities of terror lining
Zuko’s skeleton, anthems of damnation, and it was already too late. He'd been about to hurt
Tulok. He'd been about to hurt Tulok just as he’d hurt Tomkin months before, and all this
time, all this sefless care asking for nothing in return, had been for nothing, because Zuko
hadn’t changed. He couldn’t change.
That horror crested within him, roiling and stormy, and Zuko knew with a sudden vehemence
that he had to get out of there.
He yanked himself away from Tulok, releasing the man, his knife disappearing into his sleeve
before someone tried to take it off him. There wasn’t enough air in here. Zuko couldn’t
breathe, lungs catching whenever they tried to take full breaths, and he could feel the way the
food he’d just eaten threatened to come back up. He practically threw his bowl onto the
window ledge, shoving to his feet and almost stumbling with his desperation.
“Zuko-?” Someone was calling his name but it was lost to the thundering of blood in his ears,
but not enough, not enough for Zuko to miss how concerned they sounded. They weren’t
angry. Agni, why couldn’t they just be fucking angry?
Like Zuko. Like this poisonous, foul beast nesting in his chest.
He barely made it outside, lurching into one of the cliff’s many alcoves where he was far
from the eyes of the others before he retched, feeling it burn his throat as he threw up, hands
grasping the rock to try and stay standing on limbs that felt far too weak . It stung on the way
up, acidic and foul as his limbs seized helplessly. Zuko could do nothing but clutch the rock,
shaking as he waited for the waves of nausea to subside. When they finally did, Zuko sucked
in a gasp of air, knees buckling with how much they trembled.
He felt disgusting, curled in on himself in the dirt, sweat sticking his dark hair to his
forehead. He couldn’t stop shaking, completely hollowed out like he was no more than a

skeleton on the cliffside, the crane-vulture no longer circling. There wasn’t anything here for
the creature. There was nothing left to consume.
He'd thought... He’d thought he was getting better. These past few days at the Air Temple,
he’d genuinely thought he was starting to heal. Fire didn’t petrify his insides when he looked
at it since going to the Sun Warriors with Aang, and Sokka had told Zuko that there was still
a chance of redemption for him, and Hakoda made it clear that Zuko was welcome here, was
wanted here. He'd thought he was getting better. He'd thought he could actually overcome the
things he’d gone through.
But this here... this was his body reminding him.
He was no better than the angry, naïve boy who had burned Tomkin all those months ago. His
first instinct was still to cause harm, and that anger had grown and raged and festered inside
him. It wasn’t subsiding. It would not be fed, nor tamed, nor appeased. All he’d done in that
library was name it for what it was, a wild creature caged behind his ribs, but what good is a
collar when the thing that bit you is still there, flesh still clinging to its beak? The eagle-hawk
within him was called rage, and it was supposed to die with Fong because he was the cause
of it, but it was still here, more vivid with each passing day as he desperately tried to push it
down, to thicken the bars of its cage, to overpower it. And he’d thought so stupidly that the
Sun Warriors had eased some of it. He'd realised that he didn’t need to rely on that anger
anymore, that there were other things, better things, good things that could fuel his bending
just as well. He'd realised he could live without this haunting, but realising you can do
something doesn’t make it a reality. He was so foolish. He was so fucking naïve. If that had
really been true, if Zuko had really been capable of good things instead of bad, then his fire
wouldn’t still be blue. Humanity fuelled firebending, and Zuko’s anger was so potent that it
made his fire burn unbearably hot, and through each day at the Western Air Temple, through
each second with people who cared about him, through each moment of his second, third,
fourth chance, Zuko’s fire remained a steady blue.
He was supposed to be getting over it. He'd thought he was getting better. Fong was dead.
Ozai was far away. There was nothing left to be angry at.
But there was an infinite insatiability within Zuko, feathers bloodstained even after all this
time, and crane-vultures were as much omens of death as they were omens of harmony. What
did it matter if Zuko was capable of good or capable of redemption? What did it matter
when, regardless, he could only sit with his anger? Two bitter, tragic enemies, damned by fate
to companion one another forever, opposed by their hatred, sealed by their wretchedness.
Breathing scratched his aching throat, and Zuko sat there for a very long time. He'd thought
he was getting better, but this was his body reminding him.
He would always be hungry.
He could never stop fighting.
____

Sokka had been minding his business when everything went to shit, and when everything did
go to shit like everything always did for them because they couldn’t have nice things, it did
so in a sudden, blink-and-you'll-miss-it fashion.
One moment, Sokka was sat with Suki, fending the warrior off when she made an attempt
(and it was an attempt, thanks to Sokka’s super slick reflexes) to steal his bread.
The next, his attention was snagged by Tomkin’s sharp gasp from nearby, and when Sokka
looked over, his gaze immediately jumped to where Tulok was stood by Zuko. Zuko, who
was now leaning forward, entire body ready to spring, a knife in his hand that Sokka hadn’t
known he had, pressed against Tulok while his free hand held the man in a merciless grip.
It had a ripple effect. Tomkin had noticed, and that made Sokka notice, and his sudden slackjawed expression made Suki notice, and it richocheted onwards until the entire room was
staring at the altercation. Though altercation might have been the wrong word for it, because
Tulok wasn’t fighting back. No, instead it looked like he was speaking softly to Zuko, as if he
was trying to calm a wild animal, no trace of fear in his features, only concern.
Sokka's instincts wanted him to shoot to his feet, shove himself between the threat and his
tribesman, but a pull in his heart stopped him. He had given Zuko a chance, hadn’t he? This
wasn’t like the firebender. Weird as it was, Zuko cared about the warriors, even if he thought
he was good at hiding it (he wasn’t). And as Sokka looked closer, he saw the rigid way Zuko
was holding Tulok. He wasn’t dragging the man to his blade like Sokka had first assumed; he
was holding him away, torso slightly curled into itself to shield the loaf of bread he’d
balanced in his lap.
There wasn’t anger in Zuko’s eyes, or aggression.
Those gold eyes stared Tulok down with barely restrained terror.
“Zuko?” Tulok called, but the firebender was already on his feet, moving like he was fleeing,
shoulders hunched, and Sokka could only watch him go, questions threatening to pour from
his tongue and still no answers from the reticent boy. He'd felt so close to finally getting
through to Zuko back in the Boiling Rock, and even this morning, teasing the firebender and
relishing in the way Zuko snapped back at him without hesitation – it all felt like maybe
something good could come of this, like Sokka could figure Zuko out and maybe... maybe he
didn’t dislike him so much anymore.
But the incomprehensible side of Zuko prevailed, and he was still suffering, and Sokka just
felt so helpless as they all looked between each other in the silence, waiting for someone to
have answers.
That crushing quiet was broken by the least likely person.
“He doesn’t like people coming near his food.” Zi Se said matter-of-factly, like this was all
very normal, like he hadn’t just seen Zuko press a knife to someone’s gut just for coming
close to him when he was eating. It made something ominous lurch within Sokka, something
that said this had happened before.

“Do you know why?” Chena asked, face dark, unbearably grim.
“Chena-.”
“It’s not like the brat’s gonna tell us himself.” Chena hissed, cutting off Hakoda’s warning
tone. Hakoda looked like he was going to speak again, but realisation was dawning on him,
or maybe it was resignation, and he sighed.
“Do you know why, Zi Se?” Hakoda repeated Chena’s quiestion softly.
It felt wrong. It felt like a breach of privacy, because Zi Se was five and didn’t seem aware of
how serious this was, which meant if they asked him, he’d tell the truth, and Zuko wasn’t
here to explain himself. But Sokka knew Zuko, he knew Zuko like no one else here did, and
he knew that if the prince had his way, he would bury these secrets inside him forever,
impartial to the way they dug their claws in and rotted him from within. That was okay when
Zuko was taking every day at a time, when the firebender was slowly coming out of his shell.
But the display they’d all just seen was not okay.
Zuko wasn’t handling it, but he wasn’t letting anyone help him either, and Hakoda had
realised that as Sokka had.
He'd realised that, so now, he was taking matters into his own hands.
Zi Se looked uncomfortable then, not because he suspected something, but because the
memories clearly upset him. He was sat near Katara, beside The Duke, and he began to twist
his empty bowl in his small hands.
“Because when we were in the cell,” Zi Se said quietly, “the other people there, the really big
ones, they’d always try take the food off us. It was... I don’t know, it was hard to see, but I
think it was like a race, but also not? Zuko and the scary prisoner always got there first, but
then they’d fight each other, and they’d hurt each other. Some days, Zuko would get hurt
really bad, and he wouldn’t even get the food, and those days were always bad days.” Zi Se
swallowed, frowning down at his hands that were now shaking a little. “I was really hungry.”
Sokka was holding his breath, had been since the realisation of what had happened in that
cell hit him with Zi Se’s words, because he didn’t trust how he would react if he didn’t have
that uncomfortable tug of his lungs to focus on. He concentrated on that swelled emptiness,
the way his throat tightened, how his blood began to thrum in his ears, and steadily, he let the
breath out, forcing his thoughts to hit him in an orderly line instead of a stampede.
Zi Se’s revelation had been clouded by the confusion that came with witnessing the things he
did at such a young age. He didn’t yet understand what had happened, not completely, not
what Zuko had sacrificed for him. The rest of them were older though, and knew more of this
war. They knew.
Zuko and Zi Se had been starved in that cell. When food did come, they were made to fight
for it. Zi Se was too young. He couldn’t fight which meant he should have died, but Zuko
took care of him. Zuko fought, he fought prisoners undoubtedly double his age, double his
size, double his hatefulness, and after all of that, he shared his food with Zi Se.

Everyone had known that Zuko met Zi Se in Fong’s base, and because it was no place for a
child, it was a given that Zuko must have kept Zi Se alive. Sokka knew that. He'd known
since he met the firebender’s weird not-his-kid. But this was the first time he’d thought to
consider what that entailed. Zuko keeping Zi Se alive would have been an explicit, arduous
affair. Zuko was tortured by Fong, and that wasn’t even the end of that place’s torments for
him. Even food, a basic requirement, had been mutilated for him.
Zuko was coated in so many bleeding wounds that it was no longer a miracle that he was still
alive; it was a fucking phenomenon. He was stubborn and stupid and despite everything and
everyone in his life who had kicked him down, Zuko got up. He kept fighting. And Sokka
could see the way the room reacted, horror and admiration in a twisted dance, but he couldn’t
accept that. He'd sat with his dad so recently, and he’d been overwhelmed by that burning
jealousy of Zuko, that strange admiration fueling resentment, but now, it all cleared.
What Zuko went through was not admirable. It was ugly, and cruel, and Zuko was hurting.
Zuko was hurting and he didn’t know how to fix it because he didn’t have the tools to and
because everyone else was so desperate to do things on his terms. And yeah, maybe that was
better. Zuko needed people to respect his boundaries right now, to not push him, but it was
just allowing him to isolate himself and it wasn’t fucking working and Sokka felt so helpless.
It was Zuko, and he wasn’t supposed to like him, but that all felt so suddenly juvenile,
because Sokka was a nice person, dammit, and he wouldn’t let the angry jerk take that from
him. He was nice, and he solved problems, and he had never tiptoed around Zuko before, so
why would he start now?
Sokka would think of something. Him and Zuko weren’t friends and they didn’t have the
weird beginnings of fondness between them like Zuko had with Aang, Toph and Katara.
Sokka didn’t have to listen to the jerkbender’s stupid, self-destructive terms like everyone
else did. He could push a little, he could test his limits.
He had to think of a plan first, but he was tired of being helpless, tired of sitting on the
sidelines.
Finally, he was going to do something.
____
Zuko was slowly coming back to himself, holding his hand out before him to watch as the
full-body shakes gradually, gradually became a subtle tremble. The initial panic and horror of
what had happened was beginning to change too, becoming regret, humiliation, and a
familiar stab of self-hatred. Why did the warriors even bother with him? All he did was hurt
them, throwing their kindness back in their face over and over again. Tulok had only ever
been patient with Zuko, even with their tumultuous introduction. Zuko remembered the way
Tulok hadn’t been angry, only worried as Zuko fled from the temple to hide outside, like
when he was a child and used to hide in the nooks of the palace whenever Azula was being
mean. He was just so pathetic. They must be getting sick of him by now.
“I hate to say it,” a familiar voice said, tone like they were delivering bad news, “but you, my
friend, are brooding.”

“Go away.” Zuko mumbled, folding his arms over his knees, speaking the words into his
forearms petulantly.
“Nope.” Nanook said, joining in with Tomkin’s bullying, and the pair sat on either side of
Zuko. They sat close. They didn’t touch him, because they’d noticed quickly that he didn’t
like that, but they weren’t nervous of him. Tomkin's smile was lopsided and easy and
Nanook’s eyes were gentle as they took him in, and they weren’t upset.
“Is Tulok... is he okay?” Zuko asked quietly, staring at the floor. He couldn’t even look at
them. He was so pathetic. He must still look a mess, hiding away out here.
Tomkin’s smile turned a little sad. “He’s fine, Zuko. You're the one we’re worried about.”
It was worse than anger, that confirmation that this was one more thing they were letting him
get away with. Unconditional. The word swam to the surface of his memories, but no matter
how much it prevailed against him, he still didn’t understand it. Zuko was raised in a home
where love and safety were conditional by definition, and now suddenly, that was being
rewritten. He'd almost believed it once, but it had been taken away. Tomkin and Nanook, the
warriors, this safety they embraced him with – it had all been taken in a heartbeat. None of it
made sense.
“Well, don’t.” Zuko said sullenly, glaring at Tomkin. “I’m-.”
“If you say fine I might just scream in your face.” Nanook cut in, and Zuko blinked in
surprise as he took in the statement. There was a joking tilt to Nanook’s smile, but his eyes
betrayed an old frustration.
“You’re not fine, Zuko.” Nanook said, more serious now. “And you’re not talking to us,
either. You haven’t been eating with anyone because you refuse to let us help you, but when
Hakoda asked you to eat with us, you didn’t set your own boundaries. What gives?”
They knew. They knew it was about the food. How did they know it was about the food?
How had Zuko been so stupid to give it away? He didn’t want them babying him, watching
his every move whenever food was nearby. It was supposed to be his burden, he wasn’t
supposed to be bothering them any more than he had to, so how...
Tomkin looked incredibly sheepish, rubbing the back of his neck, and Zuko narrowed his
eyes.
“Zi Se told us.” Tomkin blurted, and Nanook whacked his arm. “Ow! Sorry, but he kept
glaring at me like that! What was I supposed to do?”
“Oh, I don’t know, Little Tom,” Nanook grumbled, “how about keep your big mouth shut for
once in your life?”
“Again, you’re way too young to be calling me Little Tom. Do you think it makes you look
cool? Do you feel cool, Nan? No one thinks you’re cool, do we, Zuko?”

Zuko hadn’t realised how used he was to tuning out the two boys’ bickering until he
automatically rolled his eyes, ignoring Tomkin’s attempts to drag him into the conversation.
Zi Se had told them. Zuko should have seen this coming. There was so much Zi Se had seen
that he didn’t understand, the magnitutude of which would be lost on him. It was only a
matter of time before he started talking about it, now he was comfortable with the people
here. Zi Se had no reason to keep secrets, not like Zuko did.
But Tomkin and Nanook weren’t treating Zuko any differently for it. They were still joking
around, still trying to get a laugh out of him, still treating him like their friend. It was at once
warming and horrifying. They deserved so much better than a friend like Zuko. What could
he offer them except hands that had been stained red?
He didn’t notice how quiet it had gone until Nanook bumped his shoulder, jolting Zuko from
his thoughts, looking wide-eyed at the other boy. Nanook offered him a small smile.
“We’re not gonna make you talk if you don’t want to,” he said softly, “but we’re here if you
need us. Always. Okay?”
Tomkin nodded in firm agreement, a shining smile of his own taking over his face, and the
gesture blindsided Zuko. He stared dumbly between the pair a moment, before swallowing.
“Okay.” He whispered, heart swelling. Agni, he’d missed Tomkin and Nanook when he was
in Fong’s base. He thought back to when he’d pushed his memories away, swearing himself
to apathy, how he had been determined to forget them if it meant survival.
He knew now, suddenly in this moment with a ferocity that scared him, that it wasn’t worth
it. He didn’t want to survive if he couldn’t have this. His friends made it all worth it. That's
why he’d gone with Oro and Renmin in the first place, wasn’t it? He did all of this for his
friends, and he would do it all again for his friends, and he would keep living for his friends.
Unconditional, he thought. He might not understand it, and had never been shown a love like
it before, but he thought maybe that might not stop him from giving it. The enormity of
Zuko’s experiences terrified him, so unbelievably daunting, but it was nice to entertain the
idea that maybe he could let himself be helped. It was too much for him alone to deal with,
but with his friends, could he do it? It would at least be bearable.
But Zuko couldn’t do that to them. He couldn’t corrupt them with the shadows scratching his
mind.
“Hey asshole.” Chena’s gruff voice suddenly shattered the morbid direction Zuko’s mind had
taken, and him, Tomkin and Nanook all turned to see Chena, Tulok and Aput walking over.
Tulok was in the middle, carrying a large pot with a friendly smile that shouldn’t have been
aimed Zuko’s way but was.
“Hey?” Zuko said apprehensively. Was Chena angry because of what happened with Tulok?
When Zuko had hurt Tomkin, the big warrior almost broke his arm. Still, Zuko had thought
him and Chena had made progress since then. Maybe that was naïve of him.

Chena must have seen the flicker of uncertainty on Zuko’s face, because he rolled his grey
eyes like Zuko was being stupid.
“Calm down, would you?” He said, the three of them coming to a stop not far from where the
other three were sat. “Aput made way too much of his five flavour soup.”
“And we thought you might still be hungry,” Tulok continued, throwing Chena an
exasperated look at his lacking explanation, “because of... well...”
He let the sentence peter off, guilt crossing his face, and Zuko had to force away a wince,
regret filling him at how he’d acted earlier. He was still hungry, though. He'd thrown up
everything he’d eaten, but even if he was full, Zuko couldn’t say no to food anymore, mind
still whispering that he might not eat again for a very long time, to make the most of anything
he could get his hands on.
“It’s good for the soul.” Aput said with a nod. “And I make the best five flavour soup.”
“We never should have told you that.” Chena huffed, making Aput grin cockily. Behind them,
Zi Se had appeared from the temple, approaching somewhat cautiously.
“We’ll leave it here. It's too crowded in there.” Tulok said, and it was such a transparent way
of giving Zuko an out. The whole encouter was clumsy, but unbearably kind, bleeding with
good intentions. The warriors didn’t know how to approach this new revelation of Zuko’s
time with Fong, but regardless, they wanted to help.
Zuko smiled, the tension relieving somewhat from Tulok’s shoulders.
“That would be great,” he said earnestly, “thank you.”
Tulok nodded firmly, leaving the pot on the floor, and Zuko forced down the urge to lunge
over and grab it, holding his breath when the wind turned and filled the air with the smell of
food. Zi Se had reached them now, wordlessly holding Zuko’s shoulder, and Zuko smiled at
him. They were the same height with Zuko sat on the floor like this.
“Come on, Tomkin.” Nanook said, getting to his feet. “I need to, uh... talk to Katara about
something. Yeah.”
It was a laughably terrible lie, and Tomkin jumping to his feet hurriedly made it even more
obvious, but Zuko just felt warm. He watched the five walk back inside, leaving him and Zi
Se behind, only then trusting himself to reach for the pot. Aput's five flavour soup was good;
he remembered from the South Pole.
“Want some?” Zuko asked, and Zi Se nodded eagerly.
Zuko felt rotten and shaky and empty and achingly, achingly hungry, but he also wasn’t
alone, not in a literal sense. These horrors within him were things he had to deal with by
himself, he wouldn’t burden the people he cared about, but at least he had them near him. It
reminded him of why he was doing all of this. The tribesmen cared about him, and he cared
about them, and it was illogical and stupid but it was also painstakingly obvious.

Zuko was done fighting that.
“Nice?” Zuko asked with a chuckle as Zi Se almost tipped his bowl of soup down himself in
his eagerness to drink it. The little boy grinned back at him, the gap in his teeth made clear.
“Good soup.” Zi Se said it like a solemn observation, and Zuko couldn’t help his surprised
laugh.
Zuko didn’t have much, but he had this, and if moments too could be devoured, he would
swallow this whole without looking back, feel the skin of it break against his teeth, pretty
details running down his chin, and he would keep it safe inside of him.
But Zuko hadn’t consumed enough good things to even come close to being full, and even
with this, even with kindness and support blanketing him, he was still hungry. He was
ungrateful, and lost, and terrified, and harmony is nothing against death, but the eagle-hawk
inside him was deathless.
That immortality to anger, its insatiable beg for permanence, made every good thing that tried
to enter Zuko’s life pale in comparison. Anger was never allowed to be gentle, but it lingered
in a way that came close. It lingered like fingers grazing over skin, like comebacks still
muttered weeks after the argument, like a bruise. It lingered in a secondary sense. Secondary,
because anger was always pushed aside. The world had made up its mind on anger, and it
didn’t care for those who felt its linger. Everyone is angry all the time and yet you cannot
swallow it like them. Your rage is not unique. You curse in words already invented.
You should be ashamed.

Chapter End Notes

okay okay i know this chapter ends on a pretty depressing note. the past 3 chapters have
been really promising for zuko and have all ended on very hopeful notes, but
unfortunately, healing is rarely like that. it's realistically gotta be a 'one step forwards,
two steps back' situation and as much as i want zuko to be happy and healthy just like
you guys do (*glances at ch10, ch17, ch21, ch28, ch33 etc* i SWEAR i do), i also want
to do him and the things he's been through justice. i promise this is more of a setback
than an actual regression (if that makes sense) but it still needed to be illustrated. ch38 is
very healing though!!! and ch39 sees the Greatly Anticipated Return of Therapist Wang
Fire, so stay tuned x

Chapter 38: ii. The Darkness Got A Hold On Me
Chapter Notes

okay so i moved away from home and went to university and started a degree and had to
buy an OVEN TRAY and also CLEANING RAGS because those are things you do not
realise have to be bought when your mum simply Has Them. i did a big shop at asda
today and spent forty entire pounds. freshers week almost did me in. also i have exams.
one of which is on friday. what the fuck is standard deviation. how do i wash my
clothes. who are you. where am i. i miss my mum.
no but actually uni is so fucking cool i'm having so much fun thank you to everyone
who wished me luck, alas it did mean this update is happening significantly later than i
thought, but it's here now! yay! ch38 sort of reads like a filler chapter, seeing as it's
literally just zuko, hakoda and zi se in this one and it just slots very smoothly into the
Main Events taking place in ch37 and ch39, but idk i just think she's neat <3. having
said that, ch39 is a VERY big chapter in that i have been waiting to write one of the
scenes in it for MONTHS now, so stay tuned.
enjoy this one losers. i've missed you. i see every single comment and i dont mean that
in a 'im just saying that to be polite' way i mean it in a 'i spend entirely too many hours
of my day on this godforsaken website and a lot of that time is spent reloading
comments and rereading them bc it makes me smile' so yes i do see all of them, i just
can't get round to replying to every single one and i HATE IT, but i love them all <3.
have an okay day i guess and don't do anything i wouldn't do mwah mwah xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There was a spider in the top corner of the room Zuko and Zi Se were given when they were
moved out of the infirmary. It was a nice room, small but with enough windows that Zuko
didn’t feel total nausea every time he thought of how deep in the Air Temple they were.
Katara had been the one to show him here, and Zuko knew she’d taken them through a maze
of corridors, the room furthest from the others, on purpose. He also knew that if he told
Hakoda or, Agni forbid, Tomkin and Nanook about the waterbender’s spite, then they would
all have several things to say about it and Zuko would be brought closer again, like an
embrace tightening comfortingly. But Katara was doing what she had to to protect her
friends, and even though her and Zuko had made progress, he still knew she was coming to
terms with a lot of things. Zuko understood. Learning new truths takes time, but unlearning
old ones? That was an excruciating process.
But it gnawed on him, the knowledge that he was so far away from everyone in here, and
there was a spider in the top corner of the room, and night after night, Zuko watched it. It
scuttled over the walls, weaving its web, spinning around and around so meticulously, and
Zuko watched as a particularly strong gust of wind tore through the room, shredding through

the web and leaving it in knotted tatters. The spider simply continued to spin. When did it
end? When did it look back at the knots, the rips, the ruin, and accept that its web would
never be finished? It just kept going, relentless, blind. It didn’t even acknowledge the debris
of its attempts at security. It just stepped over them, stupid in its stubbornness.
This was to say that Zuko’s nightmares were getting worse.
When Zuko was younger, he had one nightmare that haunted him. It was a recurring terror,
teeth digging into his mind night after night after night. He would be in the throne room,
stood before a crowd of faceless people, and he would know, deep in his bones like rot, that
his father was stood behind him, along with Grandfather and Uncle. Their eyes bore into his
shoulder blades, a weight heavy with expectation, and someone to his side would move, pale
fingers carrying a flash of gold in dancing firelight. The crown. But just before they could
place it atop Zuko’s head, it would catch the light just right, and Zuko would see it dripping
with blood. He didn’t want it near him. He would struggle and fight to get away, but he
couldn’t move, and everyone just kept staring, and the crown came closer and closer,
dripping more and more with heavy splats that echoed around the throne room, and there was
nothing Zuko could do but submit, and then it would touch his head and... and...
And he would wake up screaming.
Mother would rush in and hold him, and he would cry himself into exhaustion, and the next
night, it would happen all over again. He couldn’t understand it, back then. He was proud of
his destiny. He knew exactly who he was meant to be. Prince of the Fire Nation. It was
before Lu Ten died, but even then, Zuko had known he was being raised with the expectation
that one day, far in the future, he might be the one to wear that crown. And it filled him with
so much pride, back then, until he closed his eyes and screamed away from it. The nightmare
plagued him for years, and the moment it became tolerable, another part of his daily routine,
Lu Ten was lost to Ba Sing Se, and Zuko’s proximity to the crown suddenly became closer by
an entire lifetime.
And then Mother was gone, and no one was there to wake him, and he was the Crown Prince.
So he did what he had to do. He grew up. He glared the nightmare down and said I want this,
you’re wrong, this is my birthright, this is an honour, you’re wrong. He manhandled so much
denial into his life, filled so much of himself with contempt at his own weakness to let even
his resting mind believe such a childish fear, that one day, the nightmare simply... went away.
No one was going to be there when he cried out. No one was going to soothe him when he
was scared. Not anymore. That was over now.
He was alone now. So Zuko learnt to survive alone.
His teenage years saw his nightmares changing. That nightmare from childhood went away,
and he hadn’t had it for years now, not even now he understood, but the nightmares
themselves had been his companion for as long as he could remember. He dreamed of his
father’s glare, Azula’s biting words, Mother’s back as she turned away into the shadows. He
saw blood spilling between too-small fingers and the knobs of a spine bending under an
unbearable weight. He felt fire and night after night he burned, and he relived every bad thing
and blue eyes watched and did nothing.

He killed.
He killed every night.
He plunged a sword into a terrified man’s chest, and he knew he deserved it, and he knew
that, despite that, he would never escape this nightmare.
They'd always been there, fear such a prominent part of Zuko’s life that it haunted him even
now he was safe. He didn’t know how to be unafraid, but he did know how to survive the
terror. He knew how to survive the terror alone. It was what he always did. Reaching out,
wanting help – it didn’t even cross his mind anymore.
The spider twisted, a string of white pulled taut behind it, and Zuko focussed on slowing his
gasped breathing. He was soaked in sweat, entire body rigid as he lay paralysed by his own
mind. Tonight, he had seen Chan. Chan, three fingers breaking, three ribs broken. Chan,
starved and barbaric. Chan, who died in Zuko’s dreams. He shouldn’t have died. Chan made
it. Not much of him was left, but his heart was still beating, which meant he made it. To the
very end, him and Zuko made it. So why had Chan stayed? You could get out. Eyes closed in
defeat. No.
Zuko bowed to the man who had hurt him, to the man who he had hurt, and then he left him
behind to a fate he had chosen but not deserved, and when Zuko jolted awake, he felt hungry.
He needed to get out of this damn room.
Zuko was on his feet before he could fully realise what he was doing. More than anything, he
wanted to go outside, wanted to see the stars and know that he was okay now, at least in some
minor sense. He wasn’t okay at all, but he could breathe fresh air, he could see the sky spread
above him, and he could know that he was at least a little bit better than when he was in that
cell.
But to get outside, he’d have to manoeuvre through the carpet of sleeping bodies that had set
up camp right in front of the temple’s exit. If he woke someone up then he’d have to tell them
why he was awake, and then he’d have to talk about the nightmares, and then he’d have to
admit what he was so scared of, what yesterday when he pressed a knife to Tulok had only
sought to prove. Zuko was the problem, and his mind was darker than the things that haunted
it, because Fong was dead and Ozai was going to be defeated, but still, Zuko lay in bed and
dreamed, and during the day, he was dangerous, untrusting, angry.
If he had to admit that all out loud, he thought it might break him.
So he stalked the labyrinthine corridors of the Air Temple, partially hoping to lose himself in
their depths, partially terrified of the thought. He was still wearing one of the shirts he’d
bought at that market, black and scratchy, cheap and nationless. It had hung from his limbs
unevenly when he first bought it, and even now, he’d been slowly putting weight back on, but
the fabric hung a little past his fingertips when he didn’t roll the sleeves, and the neck dipped
below his collarbones so he was constantly tugging it back up. It bothered him. He'd been
raised in an environment where anything shy of perfection was punished. Zuko always had to
be neat, presentable, and here he was, tiredly wandering the corridors, hair short and still

sleep-mussed, hands fisted into his shirt to keep out the bitter chill. He looked a mess. He
looked like a child.
He needed to get his shit together.
Without realising, Zuko wound up on the same corridor as the infirmary, and part of him
wanted to go inside, light a candle, silently make tea for him and Kanut because he knew the
healer would just sit with him, he wouldn’t ask questions. But Kanut didn’t sleep in here, not
unless he’d stayed up too late reading, and Zuko was just so tired.
Agni, he was exhausted.
How long could he keep doing this?
He walked past the infirmary. He kept going, and he wound up in a room he hadn’t seen
before. It was small, and seemed even smaller courtesy of the large lump of rock sat in the
centre of the room, smoothed down expertly to create a table. Everything in this temple
always seemed so haunting. Empty rooms, dusty furniture, relics of an entire culture wiped
out by the hatred of others. But this room had been well-used, and recently. The table was
completely covered in maps and papers, scattered in a way that seemed messy at first but then
revealed a chaotic order upon further inspection.
This was the Water Tribe’s strategy room, Zuko realised, and it made something
uncomfortable stir within him. Should he... Should he be here? Was he allowed? He wasn’t a
prisoner anymore, not of Hakoda and not of the Avatar. He was their ally, as strange as it was,
which meant he was allowed to know what was going on. And besides, Hakoda wouldn’t
keep it from him, would he? The Chief trusted him, right?
But still, Zuko couldn’t help but tear his eyes away, feeling guilty, like he’d snuck in and not
happened upon this all by accident. He should just leave, keep exploring, but it was so
tempting, the thought of staying, because as uncertain as it made him, the distraction had
shaken him out of his mind enough that he felt awake for the first time since he woke up. It
made him hesitate.
If he hadn’t hesitated, maybe his eyes wouldn’t have caught on the words, latching on and
suddenly unable to look away. The writing was small, note-like, and the room was
completely dark aside the moonlight shining through a small window, but still, Zuko’s mind
was entuned to this, always aware of him.
Fire Lord Ozai.
He moved as if detached from himself, stepping closer and letting his fingers brush against
the long-dry ink. There was something awful about seeing his father’s name on paper,
solidified, a nightmare making itself a living, breathing thing. He isn’t here, Zuko thought
when he felt his heart begin to thrum, he can’t hurt me.
But Father shouldn’t exist here. He shouldn’t. It wasn’t right. He didn’t get to exist here in the
home Zuko had carved out for himself, the same way Fong didn’t. Those men deserved to
live in complete darkness, far away from Zuko. Why... Why was he here?

Of course he’s here, something deep inside whispered, they are preparing for the Avatar to
kill him.
Zuko pictured Aang – childish, naïve Aang – with his tattoos glowing, pictured his father’s
hateful scowl, pictured him caught in the whirlwind of an Avatar’s rage, neck snapped or face
burnt off or lips blue from drowning, and Zuko didn’t know who he was most afraid for.
He did not want another child to face his father the way he had been forced to.
He did not want his father to die.
These two truths could not co-exist, and it was the first time he truly let himself think of it.
Zuko's thoughts were snapped abruptly away from him by a sharp cry. It carried through the
corridors the same way wind sounds like screaming when it races through windows, turning
Zuko’s stomach as he cursed and immediately began making his way back to his room.
It had been a long time since Zi Se had woken up crying like this, but Zuko had never not
been there when it happened before, and he broke into a run. It shouldn’t be a big deal, but
even when Zuko was five, he had someone there when he woke from his nightmares, and that
was without considering what Zi Se had been through, what they had survived together. Zi Se
was getting better, he was getting so much better that it had made Zuko feel sick, but when he
was scared, he still leaned on Zuko as much as he used to, and if Zuko wasn’t there...
Agni, Zuko didn’t want to think about what Zi Se must be thinking right now.
He practically fell back into the room, rounding the corner fast enough to whack his shoulder
against the doorframe.
“Sorry, sorry, sorry.” Zuko muttered, immediately scooping Zi Se up from where the little
boy was sat, wrapped in that blue blanket, tears falling hot and heavy down his red face. His
amber eyes were so wide, so scared, so confused, and Zuko couldn’t bear it, picking him up
and holding him close, tight enough as if to say I’m here now, we’re okay, I’m sorry I scared
you.
Usually, that was enough. Zi Se would calm down whenever Zuko was near, knowing he
would bend all four elements himself before he ever let anyone hurt Zi Se.
But Zi Se instead pushed small fists against Zuko’s shoulders.
“You were gone.” He sobbed, hysterics only growing louder, and Zuko shushed him,
suddenly aware of just how much noise carried in the temple. Agni, if he’d been able to hear
Zi Se from the strategy room, then it wouldn’t take much more for the others to hear.
“I know, I just went for a walk.” Zuko insisted.
“You were gone before. For longer.” Zi Se wailed, soaking Zuko’s shirt with tears. Before.
For longer.

The Sun Warriors, Zuko realised. He'd had to leave Zi Se, for the Avatar but also for his own
peace of mind. He'd needed that breathing space and he came back better for it; he didn’t
regret it. But it still sent a stabbing ache through him as he pictured Zi Se here, alone, waiting
for him.
“I always come back.” Zuko pointed out weakly, rubbing his thumb soothingly against Zi
Se’s back. It meant he could feel every tremble, every hiccupped sob, and he could feel the
exact moment Zi Se’s crying became a low growl of frustration, his hands now pushing
against Zuko with renewed purpose. Zuko had never seen Zi Se like this, because usually,
Zuko’s presence was enough to stop Zi Se from becoming like this. Now, it seemed he was
causing it, and he carefully put the little boy down, frowning.
Which was exactly when Zi Se began to hit Zuko with all his might.
It didn’t do much; Zuko had survived far too much to be taken out by a five-year-old. Zi Se
just pushed and shoved at Zuko, only tall enough to find purchase at Zuko’s hip, thankfully
avoiding his still sensitive ribs. For a few seconds, Zuko was dazed, just watching Zi Se as
the little boy wailed and hit him again and again, before he finally snapped out of it,
managing to grab Zi Se’s wrists and crouch down to his height.
“Zi Se, stop it.” Zuko hissed, wrestling with the kid when he refused to stop squirming, face a
blotched mess of tears. He just wasn’t... wasn’t listening, and nothing Zuko was doing or
saying was getting through to him. He just kept crying and crying and the noise grated on
Zuko’s nerves, setting every instinct within him on edge as he fell back on some old shadow
that said that little boys could not make their presence known like this. Tears were weak,
tantrums sparked the rage of a much bigger being, and a refusal to listen... needed to be
punished. Hearing Zi Se cry like this, shameless in a way he never had before, made anxiety
flow like a landslide within Zuko, stomach twisting.
Zuko was Zi Se’s age when his father first raised a hand to him. He'd always been rough with
Zuko, pushing him around, pinching where no one would see the bruises, tell-tale burns on
the nape of Zuko’s neck, but this was the first time Ozai struck Zuko properly. Zuko couldn’t
remember it, not really, but he knew it had been to discipline him. It had stunned him, more
shock than pain, and when he had cried even harder in response, his father grabbed him by
the shoulder so hard that it bruised, and he shook him until Zuko thought his teeth were going
to fall out. You learn to stop crying, after a while. It was a lesson Azula learnt far quicker
than Zuko did, and it made her life so much easier. It didn’t stop Father’s violence, but it
didn’t make it worse either.
And then in that cell, to attract attention from Spider meant to invite suffering. Zi Se knew to
be quiet, but he hadn’t always. During some of Zuko’s first nights in that awful place, he’d
cry so hard that Zuko would have to hold him against his chest tight enough to muffle it, hand
clamped over the little boy’s mouth as he begged for Zi Se to stop. Zi Se didn’t understand
what would happen if he got on Spider's nerves, but Zuko did. There was no comfort Zuko
could offer Zi Se in there; only a defence against further pain.
This was not Fong’s base, though. And Zuko was not his father. Things were different now.
He knew they were; they had to be.

But he just didn’t know what to do, and Zi Se wouldn’t stop fucking crying.
Exhaustion seeped into every part of Zuko’s body, weighing him down like he was trying to
swim with rocks in his pockets. He couldn’t do this. He didn’t know what he was doing and
he still lived too prominently in his own mind of shadows to even try and show Zi Se the
light. Zuko was still plagued by nightmares, and if someone caught him off guard, he lashed
out, and Zi Se could not be raised by someone like that. Not when he was so young, so
impressionable. Zuko could never forgive himself if he ruined this little boy.
The wall was cool against Zuko’s back. He almost stumbled against it, taking small steps
away from Zi Se like he was trying to slowly back away from a threat, feeling its solid
surface behind him. Zi Se had calmed down enough to look at him now, confused as tears
continued to fall, but Zuko just looked away, holding his hands to his ears. And just like that,
every noise vanished. There was no screaming, no crying, no reminder that Zi Se was upset
and there wasn’t a damn thing Zuko had been able to do. It was just the sound of his blood
pumping, a little frantic but for all that there.
Zi Se was calling out to him now, crying harder at Zuko’s lack of response, but Zuko just let
himself slide down the wall to his knees, and he shut him out.
____
Zi Se was crying.
It was faint, but it was there, and there was a part of Hakoda that was entuned to the sound
even now his children were grown. He was also the closest to the Air Temple’s entrance,
catching whirls of wind as they danced through the corridors, carrying whispers with them.
Tonight, they carried tears, and Hakoda lay there, unable to sleep through it.
Across the long-cold campfire, he met Chena’s grey stare, and he nodded once. Chena
frowned, as if he didn’t believe that Hakoda could also hear what he was hearing, before
turning his back to the noise.
Chena had often woken up like this, swearing he could hear a child’s cry, unable to help
them. He couldn’t bear it, so he turned away from it. It was how Chena functioned.
It was not how Hakoda functioned.
Zi Se was young and had been through awful things; crying was natural. If anything, crying
was good. It meant progress, meant Zi Se finally felt safe, meant he understood what
happened was bad.
But it was the middle of the night, and Zuko looked so exhausted these days, dark bags
engraved beneath his eyes, and Hakoda hadn’t wanted to pin him down yesterday after what
happened with Tulok, scared of chasing the kid away again, but he knew the last thing Zuko
needed was his few moments of rest disrupted by a child he was too young to care for.
Hakoda was already getting to his feet before he’d even made the decision.

“He won’t thank you for it.” Kanut said quietly, and Hakoda flinched, turning to his right to
see the healer looking tiredly at him from his bedroll. Hakoda sighed, remembering how
protective Zuko was of Zi Se, how insistent he was that he take care of the boy, how
oblivious he was to the fact that he never should have been asked to shoulder such a
responsibility in the first place, but Kanut wasn’t just talking about things with Zi Se.
If helping Zuko meant he hated him for it, then that was a sacrifice Hakoda would have to
make. He couldn’t watch Zuko suffer. He couldn’t be passive. Not again. And especially not
over something with such a simple solution. Zuko was a teenager with no experience raising
children. Hakoda was an adult and a father of two. He had dealt with tantrums and
nightmares and bickering and all the messy parts of parenthood. He knew what he was doing,
so why couldn’t Zuko just accept help for once in his life?
Hakoda couldn’t help a wave of frustration at the thought as he walked the corridors, trying
to remember where Katara said she’d shown Zuko to. He was going deeper into the temple
than he would have liked, Zi Se’s cries growing louder, and an uncomfortable coldness
trickled down his spine. He knew his daughter had some – understandable – reservations
about Zuko, but Katara had never been this petty before... right?
Hakoda had missed a lot.
Finally, Hakoda reached a corridor where Zi Se’s hysterics pierced loud enough for him to
hear each shaky inhale, and with that, he expected quiet reassurances, Zuko’s voice, maybe a
hint of his notoriously quick temper but still his presence right there at Zi Se’s side, like
always.
But Hakoda heard nothing except Zi Se, like Zuko wasn’t even there.
He quickened his pace, turning the corner into one of the rooms, and stopped in the doorway.
Zi Se was sat in the middle of the room, face red and blotchy as tears streamed from his eyes,
expression frustrated and scared and undoubtedly upset. And in the corner, back to the wall
and almost hunched in on himself, was Zuko.
The sight punched the breath from Hakoda’s lungs, because Zuko suddenly looked so young.
His hair was messy as it fell in his eyes, his shirt oversized and sleeves balled into his fists
that held firmly over his ears, and he’d tucked his knees to his chest, beneath his chin, and it
hit Hakoda all at once, a cruel voice that echoed throughout his mind. This boy is seventeen.
Hakoda needed to act. He was the adult here, and both kids needed him, more than he’d
initially feared. Zi Se needed to be taken care of first, before his racket made Zuko snap
entirely.
But the moment he took a step into the room, Zuko’s head jerked up, eyes narrowed, angry.
“He’s fine.” Zuko hissed, and Hakoda froze. There was something in Zuko’s voice,
something dark, protective, almost territorial. Hakoda realised just how fragile the situation
was, swallowing as he thought carefully about what to say.

“He’s upset, Zuko.” Hakoda said slowly. “I know you know that.”
Zi Se was still crying, confusion worsening his state as he watched the interaction with wide,
uncomprehending eyes.
It was like Zuko couldn’t even see it, refusing to look.
“I’ve got it handled.” He growled, pushing to his feet and quickly crossing the room. Zi Se
was still on the floor, looking up at Zuko, and Zuko picked him up like the boy was a familiar
weight he was used to bearing alone. Zi Se was conflicted by this, crying even louder, one
hand to Zuko’s neck as if to push him away but the rest of him leaning into the attention he’d
clearly been trying to get for a while now. The boys created a barrier, whether they realised it
or not, all body language turned towards each other, and suddenly, Hakoda could so clearly
picture them in a cell. Them, against the terrors that would hurt them. Them, and them alone.
It had to be this way, in there, if they wanted to survive.
But they were free now, they were safe, and Hakoda would do everything it took to make
them believe it. He would not let Zuko construct these new bars around himself. He would
not let Zuko go back there.
“I can help.” Hakoda said, voice still completely calm despite every inch of Zuko sharpened
into aggression. “But I need you to trust me. I won’t do anything if you truly don’t want me
to, but I think you do, Zuko. You're smarter than this.”
Zuko held his stare in a way he never would have done four months ago, and it was an eerie
reminder of what had passed since then. This boy here was dangerous, and irrational.
But he was also hurt, and just a boy, and through it all, he was still Zuko.
Hakoda knew he was, because Zuko blinked, and the aggression melted ever so slightly, and
behind it, Hakoda saw an old terror. Slowly, painfully slowly, Hakoda took a step forward,
reaching for Zi Se. For a moment, he was convinced Zuko wasn’t going to let go, but with
every second that passed, more aggression left Zuko, leaving him a scared, exhausted
teenager. Zi Se clung on, resisting, but Zuko unclasped him like he’d done it a hundred times
before, muttering quietly that it would be okay. Zi Se was still upset, but he trusted Zuko, and
Zuko trusted Hakoda.
It had been a very long time since Hakoda had held a child as young as Zi Se, but it was not
the kind of thing a father forgot. His muscles remembered, moving just so to keep Zi Se
steadily against his chest, the little boy watching Zuko as the firebender stepped back, face
ashen, raking a hand through his hair and keeping it tangled there.
It was the only confirmation Hakoda would receive right now, and he took it for what it was,
turning to the child in his arms.
“Hey, little man.” Hakoda said softly. The five-year-old hiccupped in a breath, considering
Hakoda as he scrubbed a hand over his eyes, only seeing to smear his tears. Hakoda smiled
fondly, shifting Zi Se’s weight into one arm, pulling his sleeve over his free hand and gently
rubbing beneath Zi Se’s eyes. The boy was still crying, but it helped a little, and the soft

touch calmed Zi Se enough that he stopped making so much noise, reduced now to little sobs.
From the corner of his eye, Hakoda saw Zuko hunch into himself a little more, almost in
relief.
“Want to tell me why you’re upset?” Hakoda asked, beginning to rock Zi Se ever so slightly.
He could tell that Zi Se didn’t want to talk to him – his amber eyes kept flicking to Zuko,
waiting for the teenager to comfort him – but still, Zi Se was a child, and he leaned into
gentleness, and Hakoda’s soft tone was working to calm him.
The little boy shook his head, but it was more moody than upset, trembling lip becoming a
pout, and Hakoda took that as progress. He kept rocking Zi Se, making quiet noises of
comfort. Sokka used to like going outside when he had particularly bad tantrums, so Hakoda
got into the habit of moving around a lot whenever he held him. He found himself walking
towards the window with Zi Se, letting the fresh air hit their faces. It had an instant effect on
the child, and Hakoda felt the moment that Zi Se leaned into him properly, tucking his head
beneath Hakoda’s chin.
“Tui is clear tonight, look up there.” Hakoda said softly, nodding up at the moon. Zi Se was
reluctant, still clinging to his earlier anger, but curiosity tended to win with boys of his age,
and he ultimately twisted his head to eye the sky.
“What’s Tui?” Zi Se asked.
“The name of the Moon Spirit.” Hakoda explained, and Zi Se’s eyes immediately sought out
the moon, bright overhead, coating the cliffs in glowing white.
The trick with tantrums like these was outlasting them. Zi Se only had so much energy, and
Hakoda wasn’t here to find the root of the problem; Zuko wouldn’t want him getting
involved like that, not yet. So Hakoda let Zi Se tire himself out, the last of his tears finding
home in Hakoda’s shirt, and as the little boy blinked owlishly up at the moon, he let out a
small yawn.
“I’d expect you’d be tired after a show like that.” Hakoda chuckled, and Zi Se pulled a face
of indignance.
“Zuko left me.” He said, and he said it like Zuko leaving was the cause of every bad thing in
the world. Hakoda dared a glance over his shoulder at the boy in question. Zuko was leaning
against the wall, shut off like he was when Hakoda first came in, but his eyes never strayed
from Zi Se, from how his face was now tired, calm. Something flickered in Zuko’s eyes.
Frustration, a familiar self-hatred that Hakoda had seen dance within him before. It made
Hakoda want to cross the room, grab Zuko by the shoulders, be there for him, but he had to
tackle Zi Se first.
“He can’t be there all the time, Zi Se.” Hakoda said gently. “I know that’s probably scary for
you, but do you trust him?”
Zi Se wasn’t expecting that, fiddling with his necklace in uncertainty. After a while, he
nodded, the movement making his dark hair tickle Hakoda’s neck.

“And does he always come back?” Hakoda asked. Another nod. “So do you think maybe you
owe him an apology?”
Zi Se’s necklace was in his mouth now, his words a near incomprehensible mumble, but
Hakoda had raised two children through toddlerhood; he knew how to understand the
gibberish of a post-tantrum.
“I shouldn’t have hit him. Auntie Ichika says hitting people is mean.” Zi Se said, before
frowning up at Hakoda. “But Zuko isn’t mean, and Zuko hits people.”
Hakoda was thrown back to yesterday’s meal, all of them sat together, Zi Se’s too-calm
words. He doesn’t like people coming near his food. The scary prisoner. They'd fight each
other. They'd hurt each other.
Everything Zuko did in that cell, he did to keep himself and Zi Se alive, but that didn’t mean
Zi Se witnessing that hadn’t left some lasting impacts on the younger boy. They had both
suffered greatly, and this entire tantrum was a single example of that fallout.
“You shouldn’t have hit him, you’re right.” Hakoda said, choosing his words carefully. “And
you shouldn’t hit people. Especially if they care about you. Like your aunt said, it is a mean
thing to do. But sometimes,” during a war, “grown-ups have to do mean things to meaner
people, does that make sense?”
Zi Se nodded, and Hakoda knew he understood, even though he shouldn’t.
“But you’re still young, Zi Se, and I don’t want you thinking about anything like that until
you’re older. Zuko is still young too, but I’ll talk to him about it in a second. Do you
understand?”
Zi Se was exhausted, and the sun hadn’t even risen yet. The little boy nodded before letting
out a big yawn, looking close to snuggling against Hakoda’s chest and simply falling asleep
there. Hakoda quickly put him down before that happened, ruffling Zi Se’s hair.
“I think you had something to say to Zuko?” Hakoda hedged, smiling knowingly at Zuko.
The teenager looked as exhausted as Zi Se, dark circles beneath his eyes, arms crossed over
his chest like he was holding himself together, but when Zi Se ran forward, throwing his arms
around Zuko’s waist, the older boy crumbled under it, immediately hoisting Zi Se up and
holding him close.
“Sorry.” Zi Se mumbled into Zuko’s neck, and Zuko let out a long sigh.
“It’s okay.” He said, in a way that Hakoda knew it wasn’t okay but Zi Se wouldn’t notice. He
set the little boy down again, and Zi Se threw an impish grin over at Hakoda, his red cheeks
the only reminder of his tantrum.
Well, that, and Zuko’s stricken expression as he dragged a hand down his face.
“Fuck.” Zuko said, emphatically, raising his other hand to just cover his face a moment.
Hakoda felt every part of him tense as he watched Zuko. This wasn’t... This wasn’t what he

thought it was. He'd thought Zuko was exhausted, just wanting to get back to sleep, and while
it was clear that the firebender was at the end of his tether, it was also more than simple
tiredness.
Zuko’s tone was angry, and upset, and confused, and ashamed, and a dozen other tiny things
that had built and built and built for Spirit’s knew how many weeks, bubbling beneath the
surface and waiting to crash against him with enough strength to drag him under.
Zuko was being buried, and Hakoda had only noticed now it seemed Zuko was one tiny thing
away from snapping.
And that tiny thing, it seemed, was destined to hit in the next few moments.
Zi Se’s grin grew. “Fuck.” He repeated far too cheerfully. The effect on Zuko was instant, the
firebender’s face jerking from his hands to stare at Zi Se in horror. Zi Se turned to Hakoda,
who had barked out a laugh of surprise at the sudden rebellion. “Fuck!” Zi Se said again,
more excitedly now, with all the obliviousness of a child who has no idea what they’re saying
but knows it’s getting a reaction.
Zuko, tellingly, did not find it funny at all, and Hakoda was quick to try and put a lid on the
situation before it exploded.
“It’s fine.” Hakoda told Zuko firmly. He could practically see him beginning to unravel. Just
hold on a little longer, he internally begged, looking back to Zi Se and schooling his
expression into something stern.
“Zi Se, you’re not allowed to say that.” Hakoda scolded, and Zi Se’s smile fell a little.
“What? Why?” He asked. “Zuko says it all the time. And so does Chena.”
“That’s because they’re older than you-.”
“That’s not fair!”
“-but even so, they shouldn’t be swearing in front of you. It's wrong.”
The assurance that even Zuko and Chena were technically not allowed to swear sometimes
silenced Zi Se a moment, the little boy thinking it over critically. He didn’t seem happy with
this turn of events, apparently excited to try out some new vocabulary he’d seen Zuko using,
but he was also too tired to argue with Hakoda on it right now, meaning anger melted into a
frustrated confusion.
“But they still do, even though it’s wrong.” Zi Se pointed out, and Hakoda’s lips ticked up a
fraction. He really was an astute kid.
Hakoda hummed thoughtfully, before smiling fully. “Well then, how about I give you a very
important job, how’s that sound?”
Zi Se lit up, grin returning in excitement.

“Whenever you hear Zuko swearing, you’re allowed to tell him off for his bad language,
okay? I need you to take it very seriously.” Hakoda said, throwing a conspiring look Zuko’s
way, but the teenager was glaring at the floor like it had personally offended him. Just hold
on.
“Okay!” Zi Se said with the air of someone who had every intention of taking this new role
incredibly seriously. Zuko sat down slowly, back still pressed harshly against the wall, like he
was trying to shove himself into the corner of the room.
“Good, I knew I could trust you.” Hakoda said, ruffling Zi Se’s hair again simply because he
could and because the kid’s pout was adorable. “Now, I think it’s time you went to sleep,
little man.”
Hakoda half-expected some sort of protest after the mischievous mood Zi Se had been in
tonight, but it seemed that finally, the five-year-old was completely tuckered out. He nodded
solemnly, before picking up a strangely familiar blue blanket and curling back up on his
bedroll. For a moment, he looked over at Zuko like he was waiting for him to come back to
bed as well, but Zuko had his forearms on his knees, head limp between them, and maybe Zi
Se remembered Hakoda’s words from earlier, because he tucked himself in and shut his eyes.
He was asleep a few moments later, and Hakoda breathed a sigh of relief.
“Can I sit?” Hakoda asked quietly, not wanting to loom over Zuko when he was vulnerable
like this.
Zuko’s voice was hoarse, barely audible, and broke Hakoda’s heart. “Please don’t touch me.”
Hakoda remembered a boy in a tent, fists in his furs as he held him close, determined to
protect him after learning that he hadn’t been protected in the past. He remembered how hard
Zuko had fought to keep those secrets, how, when they did spill out of him, they did so like a
haemorrhage, a haemorrhage that Kanut could bandage and Hakoda could fuss over, that
together, they could begin to heal.
But they weren’t given enough time, and Hakoda wondered if Zuko would ever trust him
with his wounds again. Please don’t touch me. He wasn’t fighting him, he wasn’t defending
himself from violence, because the moment Zuko started respecting Hakoda, he stopped
shielding himself from him, no matter what that might mean. It was a good sign, as
devastating as those words were to hear. How many times had Zuko begged for the same
courtesy these past few months? How many times had Fong taken what was not his, again
and again and again? And still, despite that, Zuko did not get defensive around Hakoda. He
was passive, scared, curled into himself like a child, but he did not fight. That please hung in
the air like a storm.
“I won’t.” Hakoda promised, slowly easing himself down to sit beside Zuko, as close as he
dared without touching the boy. It was silent for a while, and Hakoda could only watch as
Zuko dragged in ragged breath after ragged breath, hands shaking.
“Talk to me.” Hakoda whispered, almost a plea.

Please let me in. Please don't shut me out .
____
Zuko really should be used to feeling like this by now. He knew what the tell-tale tightening
of his ribs meant, the hastened rush of his lungs, the tremble that started in his fingertips and
travelled all the way up his arms and into his racing heart. Panic, sitting low in his stomach
and rising, rising, rising. It had hit him so many times now; why did it always end up like
this? But even as he’d recognised what was happening, as he’d pushed himself into the
corner to try and ground himself with the firm walls of the temple on either side, as he’d
forced himself to look away from Zi Se, from Hakoda, from the situation he hadn’t been able
to manage, nothing had abated the sudden sinking pit within him.
Zuko couldn’t help anyone. He was a broken thing desperately trying to imagine himself
fixable, and the thing was... the thing was he thought that maybe he could be fixed. Hakoda,
Kanut, Tomkin, Nanook, even Sokka seemed to think so, seemed to think that Zuko could
overcome this, could heal. It was possible, but Zuko was so... so tired. He was too far away
from being fixed and the enormity of everything wrong with him was too terrifying to face.
There was too much work to be done, and a shameful part of him missed thinking he was a
lost cause, missed the comfort of pure darkness. This light before him... it was too sharp,
blinding, and Zuko was exhausted, too exhausted to try and mend this wreckage, because
where did he even start? It was like he was bleeding, blood spilling from him to the floor, red
and hot, and he was going to stain everyone who came near him and he was drowning in it,
and Zi Se was drenched and when Zuko’s hands reached to clean him, all he did was
helplessly smear more blood. Blood upon blood and he was bad, bad, bad and he could not
staunch it, could not contain it. It just kept spilling-.
“You’re doing your best, Zuko.” Hakoda said quietly, and Zuko flinched. It had been silent
between them since Hakoda had asked him to talk. His voice had been so soft, so calm, and
Zuko had hardly heard him, hands buried in his hair as he felt everything around him spiral.
But these words here, you’re doing your best, they flickered within Zuko, catching light and
incinerating, and it was like something just snapped.
“It’s not enough.” Zuko growled, shoving to his feet angrily. It wasn’t enough. It wasn’t
enough. He was trying, and he was doing his best, but it was a shit effort and Hakoda had to
know that too. Zuko whirled on the chief, enraged. He was so sick of patience and softness.
Zuko wasn’t doing good enough and Hakoda didn’t get to pretend he didn’t notice.
“It’s fucking pathetic, is what it is.” Zuko hissed, golden eyes never leaving Hakoda as he
watched the man carefully get to his feet. “It’s pathetic. I'm pathetic. I can’t do or contribute
anything. I was going to hurt Tulok and you’re just acting like I'm some... some kid that
needs you to coddle them. I'm not a kid, Hakoda. I killed Fong.” Zuko felt the air get punched
from his lungs, because he realised he’d never said the words out loud before. “I killed him.”
He muttered, digging his nails into his chest, scrabbling for something. A pulse maybe.
Something human. “And I'm so angry at everyone all the time. I’m angry at Fong and I'm
angry at my father and I'm angry at Zi Se. I'm angry that I took so long to see it and I’m
angry that I’m making such a mess of things and I'm angry at you.” Zuko’s eyes were
stinging, and he wasn’t entirely sure what he was saying anymore, but it felt... it felt good. It

felt like he’d been wanting to say all of this for weeks and it was all burning him up in this
moment to taste the air of daybreak. “So don’t you dare,” Zuko snarled, dropping his hand to
his side, “try and tell me what I’m doing is enough.”
Hakoda was quiet for a very long time, blue eyes deep in thought, a little pained. Throughout
Zuko’s yelling, he’d hardly moved, and now they both just stood there. An old instinct made
the silence grate on Zuko, something uncomfortable curling in his gut that told him he was in
trouble now, but he stood his ground, because this was Hakoda. Hakoda listened. Hakoda
didn’t get angry.
“You’re doing your best.” Hakoda finally said, and Zuko almost thought he’d misheard him
at first. Did he seriously just say that, after everything Zuko had told him? After everything
Zuko had said to disprove that exact sentence? But before Zuko, lip curled back in rage,
could jump into another incensed rant, Hakoda spoke again.
“You’re doing your best,” Hakoda said softly, “and it does not have to be enough. You have
suffered greatly, Zuko, and whether you’re going to let yourself believe it or not, you are still
a kid. No one expects you to have anything figured out yet, least of all this. You are angry
and you have every right to be, but don’t you think that’s just masking something else?”
Hakoda took a careful step forward. Zuko didn’t move away, staring in shock. “You’re
hurting, Zuko, and you’re doing your best, but if that’s not enough, we are right beside you to
help. You aren’t facing this alone anymore. Not what happened with Fong. Not your father.
Not Zi Se.”
Hakoda made sure his movements were slow, giving Zuko time to move if he wanted to,
trusting Zuko to voice his discomfort if he felt he needed to. The chief’s hand gripped his
shoulder, firm and gentle all at once, and Hakoda didn’t blink when he stared him down,
voice quiet but fierce.
“You are not facing this alone anymore.” He repeated, and the anger finally crumbled from
Zuko, all this red pouring from behind the wall it had provided, and Hakoda did not move,
not even knowing it would make a mess of him too. He held firm, hand warm on Zuko’s
shoulder.
The stinging in Zuko’s eyes won, hot tears slipping down his cheeks. You are still a kid. How
could that be possible? Zuko had thought he’d forfeited any right to childishness the moment
he drove a sword through Fong. He hadn’t even questioned it. From that moment on, he stood
alone on a bloody platform he had erected for himself.
But Hakoda wouldn’t lie to him, and his blue eyes were so honest, so fond, and now Zuko
was really crying, and it was all so mortifying that he let his head hang limp, dropping his
gaze and leaning until his forehead pressed to Hakoda’s sternum. The chief’s shoulders
dropped a little, almost in relief, carefully moving his hand to the nape of Zuko’s neck. He
wanted to hug him, Zuko could tell, and it made him choke out a pathetic laugh that he hoped
was hidden in the way sobs shook his shoulders. Please don’t touch me. Hakoda had listened.
He was still listening. Zuko wasn’t quite ready for anything past this. Any touching that felt
like he was about to be restrained still made Zuko feel sick, and with how fragile he felt right
now, he knew it would be testing things unnecessarily. But this was nice, even though he was
ugly crying into Hakoda’s shirt – again – and even though a sharp ache had made home in his

heart where he was so used to feeling anger. Zuko wasn't even entirely sure where all this had
come from. It was like he just snapped earlier, and all of the rage had puddled around him
and still, Hakoda had submerged himself in it without hesitating. You are still a kid. You are
not facing this alone anymore. Zuko remembered how isolated he felt back in the cell, how
he had no one, how he always had to know what to do. He had carried that mindset to the
surface, and to the White Lotus camp, and to the Boiling Rock. He hadn't let anyone help
him. But now, he understood.
The people here cared about him, and he trusted them, and he was safe with them. Hakoda
had calmed Zi Se like it wasn't even difficult, and now the little boy was sleeping at Zuko's
side, oblivious to what was happening around him. Zuko didn't need to do all of this alone,
and that realisation sent a relief through him so sharp that his knees almost buckled. The
anger was gone now. He was stood trembling and bloodstained, and the anger was gone, but
there was something in its place now. You're hurting. It was an apt description, because the
tears weren't stopping, and everything just ached.
He hurt, and he just wanted to keep his face covered and hide, but he knew he couldn't. He
had to face this. Maybe that's why he was so upset.
“You need to sleep, Zuko.” Hakoda whispered after a while, gently tugging a strand of
Zuko’s hair to get his attention. Zuko swatted him away, mumbling nothing in particular,
sullen and hollow and tired. He couldn’t be bothered to move. He couldn’t be bothered to do
anything. He felt so...
He felt so sad, and even though the tears had slowed, he couldn’t quite get them to stop.
“Come on.” Hakoda said, a fond smile on his lips as he carefully pulled back, wrapping a
large arm around Zuko’s shoulders and stirring him to the empty bedroll beside Zi Se. Zuko
felt out of it, like Hakoda could walk him anywhere right now and he probably wouldn’t
notice, but he didn’t care. He was safe here.
Zuko lay down inelegantly, head resting on a pillow that felt higher than normal. He frowned
to himself, cheek smushing against the soft material as he tried to angle his head better,
seeing a hint of blue beneath his pillow that looked oddly like Hakoda’s anorak. It was a lot
comfier, being further up from the stone floor, and Zuko couldn’t help but melt into it a little.
Agni, he really was tired. He sniffled to himself, and nearly flinched out of his skin when a
hand suddenly moved into his vision.
“Sorry, just me.” Hakoda said quietly, and Zuko immediately relaxed again, nodding. Gently,
ever so gently, Hakoda pushed Zuko’s hair from his eyes, before letting his hand rest on the
crown of Zuko’s head. It was big and warm, and he let his eyes fall shut. He remembered his
old nightmare, of the crown and the throne room. This, he thought, was much nicer.
“Go to sleep, kid.” Hakoda whispered, smoothing a thumb over Zuko’s forehead. “I won’t let
anything bad happen.”
And strangely, Zuko believed him. He let himself settle down, let himself enjoy the weight of
the chief’s hand, let himself slip into darkness. He felt so light, in an empty kind of way, and
it wasn’t nice but it wasn’t... it wasn’t anger.

He wanted the anger back.
He wanted to feel that fire singe down to his fingertips as it roared up his throat. He wanted
to yell sharp things that cut everything to pieces. He wanted the anger back, because at least
then he wouldn’t have to feel this. This aching, twisting scream caught in his chest that he
couldn’t get out. Hurt. He had looked at this hurt for years and had only seen the cloth hiding
it from his eyes. A cast of anger, because anger was easier than admitting he'd been hurt, was
easier than this despairing, defeated sadness. It made sense now, and that saddened him too.
He needed to feel this; he knew that. But now as he lay there, stray tears still falling, he
longed for just one more ounce of anger, so he could hide for one moment longer. He'd been
pushing the hurt away with fists but now he was letting it surge forwards, and he felt like he
couldn’t breathe.
But anger was easy, that was the point. Zuko had leaned into its embrace for long enough
now, and he understood. Anger was not a sin in and of itself. It was not his hamartia.
It was a barrier. It was protecting Zuko until he was ready to face all this hurt.
He'd been waiting to feel ready, but he realised that that would never happen. He would never
feel ready because what he went through was awful, and he didn’t want to think about it so
acutely. If he would never feel ready, then he could either live like this forever, angry and
ashamed, or he could choose.
And Zuko had chosen. He'd chosen now.
This anger would last as long as the hurt did, and Zuko was done hating himself for that. He
had spent weeks not knowing why he could still be so angry when everything that had hurt
him was dead or gone, but he’d finally figured it out. The knife was gone but the wound was
still there, and so the bandages must remain until he could begin to slowly, slowly peel them
away, and reveal his broken body to the sun once more. A little misshapen, a little scarred in
places it never used to be, but still able to feel the warmth of a beautiful day.
And Hakoda was there, through it all. A strength at his side, holding him close, safe, because
Zuko did not have to peel his anger away alone, did not have to face all of his hurt alone. He
could rest now, and that night, he had no more nightmares. There were these people around
him who he would die for, and he...
He loved them.
And somehow, he was pretty sure they loved him too.

Chapter End Notes

i told you this would be happier than last chapter!!!!
kudos comment and all that jazz knock yourself out honestly <3

Chapter 39: ii. Mess Is Mine
Chapter Notes

HAPPY VALENTINES EVERYONE unless you're in a relationship in which case hey i
guess. this chapter has been bitching me for an ungodly amount of time like i cannot
remember the last chapter of taob that was as difficult as this one it literally felt like
trying to wrangle a fucking toddler but oh well we're here now and it's actually a very
happy (gay) chapter!
there is now a fic for taob one-shots! these are anything from before or during the fic,
but more importantly, it will also have things for AFTER the main fic is completed. i
have Plans besties. i am so so organised and cool. you want to see teenage zi se dealing
with his trauma so bad.
i also wrote another jjk fic bc that godforsaken anime has me in a chokehold and id
love if any of you in the jjk fandom checked it out! i cried. it got messy. we dont talk
about it.
okay i think that's everything! happy valentines day have zukka being so so heterosexual
about each other and for the love of GOD on today of all days dont do anything i
wouldn't do xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Zuko woke with the sun and the feeling of softness cocooning him. In a half-asleep haze, he
found himself snuggling deeper into that warmth, a blanket wrapped around him all the way
to his chin. He couldn’t remember the last time he woke up so... easily, and he tried to figure
out why, eyes still closed, grasping onto this comfort for as long as he could before he knew
he had to wake up and face another day, when he realised what it was.
He hadn’t had any nightmares.
Not even one.
And that hadn’t happened in months.
He felt the sun on his skin as it slipped through the windows. He heard the wind twist
through the ravine with the welcome of a fresh morning. He smelled...
He smelled something familiar, that hint of salt, and something deeper he could only explain
as safe.
Zuko twisted a little, cracking his eyes open, and saw Hakoda sat beside him, head turned
towards the window and watching the sky with a small smile.

He was still here. He'd stayed. I won’t let anything bad happen. Had he... Had he stayed up all
night? Just for Zuko?
“You’re still here.” Zuko said quietly, voice raspy. He still felt exhausted, despite his insides
prickling beneath Agni’s touch. His eyes ached from crying last night.
Hakoda looked down, jumping a little as he was torn from his thoughts, before his smile
grew. “Said I'd keep an eye, didn’t I?” He said, like it was a perfectly reasonable thing to do
and not something that made Zuko’s throat begin to tighten.
“Did you... Did you not sleep?” Zuko dared to ask. He told himself he didn’t care if Hakoda
had slept. It's not like he actually needed Hakoda to keep watch over him, and besides, who
was he to ask the chief to stay up for him? Hakoda was tired too, and it was a stupid thing to
even assume-.
Hakoda shook his head. “I didn’t want you waking up alone.” He said, and he used that tone
again, like this kindness, this love, this care, was something that could just be given, nothing
needed in return. Zuko had to close his eyes against the strength of emotions that suddenly
welled within him. He'd never felt lucky before. Lucky to be born, and no more. But in that
moment, he felt it. He had people like this in his life now. His life, that had not often been
kind, was now being invaded by this stubborn, unconditional safety. He couldn’t fight it off if
he tried, and Agni, had he tried.
“I’m going to help Katara with breakfast, but you sleep a little longer, okay?” Hakoda said,
smile turning crooked as he eyed the way Zuko’s black hair stood up at odd angles.
“But-.”
“That wasn’t actually a suggestion. Still grounded, remember? You have to do what I say.”
Hakoda smirked, and Zuko glared at him, though the effect was lost to the way he was
absolutely drowning in blankets and furs. There were more than he had fallen asleep with, he
was sure of it.
“Just have the morning off, would you?” Hakoda continued. “You can eat in here with Zi Se.
When you’re up, I want to talk to you about sleeping arrangements. You're too far away in
here. I'd feel better if you were closer. I understand if you’re not comfortable sleeping outside
with all of us, but at least consider one of the closer rooms?”
Zuko wanted to argue, say he was just fine here and didn’t need to be watched over, but
Hakoda’s expression was stubborn, and Zuko knew he wouldn’t budge. He nodded with a
sigh, knowing there was no point arguing.
Hakoda beamed, victorious, before getting to his feet. He walked to the doorway before
turning around, pointing threateningly.
“I mean it, kid, try get some sleep. You've been dead on your feet for days.” He scolded,
before disappearing into the corridor.

There it was again. Kid. It filled Zuko with an almost giddiness. He was still a kid, he still
retained some form of innocence, he still had a chance. At least in Hakoda’s eyes. For so
long, childishness had seemed like something that either he could have, or Zi Se could have,
but never both. Zuko sacrificed that part of his innocence in order to protect what was left of
it in Zi Se, and since then, childish behaviour from Zi Se had been like a punch to the gut for
Zuko, an aching reminder that he has this, he has this and you do not, and you will never get
it back. But now, cocooned in warmth and safety and so very tired, given the chance to just
rest and be lazy, Zuko was being treated like a kid, and asleep right next to him, thumb
tucked in his mouth, was Zi Se, who existed with his youth at Zuko’s side. Zuko was older,
more mature, and he understood so much more of the horrors they had been through, but that
didn’t take his age from him, nor the innocence that came with that, and the debt of
protection he was owed. It was his. It was his.
He couldn’t help his small smile, hand moving to carefully brush some of Zi Se’s dark hair
from his face. The little boy moved in his sleep, subconsciously leaning into Zuko’s space,
and Zuko’s smile grew.
Zi Se was still fast asleep, but very suddenly, Zuko was filled with the childish urge to wake
him up, to see his gap-toothed grin and bleary eyes, to know they were okay even after what
happened last night, even after everything else. It was an immature urge, completely stupid,
but Zuko was so warm, so weightless, and he restrained a quiet laugh as he turned sideways,
facing Zi Se completely, resting his head in the crook of his elbow as he began to blow
against Zi Se’s face. The little boy always slept close to Zuko, and tended to move even
closer in the night, and now across the small distance, Zuko’s breath caused the hair he’d just
smoothed down to flutter up, tickling Zi Se’s forehead and making him scrunch his nose up
adorably. It wasn’t funny, but a bubble of laughter threatened to escape Zuko anyway. Maybe
his tiredness was making him delirious, but for a moment, he didn’t care, instead blowing
again and letting his smile crack into a full-on grin when Zi Se blinked awake in confusion.
His small hands reached to his face, trying to figure out what had woken him, before his gaze
settled on Zuko and his incriminating grin.
“What was that?” Zi Se asked, eyes narrowed, voice still groggy from sleep.
Zuko feigned an overly-dramatic frown. “What was what?”
He couldn’t hold it under Zi Se’s scrutinising stare though, finding something so effortlessly
funny in the child’s scepticism, and he had to press his lips together to keep the laughter
down. But it was too late; Zi Se saw, his own face breaking into an accusing grin.
“You woke me up!” He cried in dismay, pushing himself into a sitting position and crawling
over to Zuko. Zuko turned to look up at Zi Se, already holding his hands out to him.
“You would accuse me?” Zuko gasped, wrapping Zi Se in his arms and rolling them both so
that he was on his back and Zi Se was tucked against his chest, the little boy’s high-pitched
laughter reverberating against Zuko’s heart. “After everything we’ve been through?”
“Get off.” Zi Se huffed, half-heartedly pushing against Zuko’s shoulders, one hand finding his
jaw and shoving, but the escape attempts were nullified by how much the little boy was

giggling.
“No,” Zuko said childishly, holding Zi Se closer and burying his face against the kid’s neck,
“I’m too upset. This is treason, that makes you a traitor. Do you know what the Fire Nation
does to traitors?”
“Probably something heinous and excessive.” A new voice said, and Zuko jerked upwards so
quickly that he almost dropped Zi Se, instinctively holding the boy close as his heart tried to
find its rhythm again in his chest, certain there was danger here, that the moment Zuko had
relaxed, something awful had happened.
But it was just Sokka, stood in the doorway, smile smug and crooked as he precariously
balanced a few bowls of food in his hands.
Zuko couldn’t help but flush in embarrassment, looking first down at Zi Se, who stared wideeyed and curious up at him from his lap, and then back at the Water Tribe boy, whose grin
only grew with every second Zuko floundered. How much had Sokka seen? Zuko had been
playing with Zi Se and laughing freely like some... some child, which had been the whole
point, but he hadn’t expected anyone to see.
He was so embarrassed that for a moment he didn’t think twice about the food Sokka had
brought, but only for a moment, that innocent awkwardness giving way to something darker,
Zuko narrowing his eyes on the other boy.
“What are you doing?” He asked, because Katara brought the food. They had an unspoken
agreement; Katara would set the food down by the door, and she would leave without a word,
and it would be easy. Sokka was not his sister, nor was he leaving, and after yesterday’s
performance with Tulok, Zuko had an awful feeling that Sokka meant to taunt him. It seemed
out of character, and the part of Zuko that had festered through every horrible thing he’d
faced told him it was naïve to assume someone was incapable of badness. Anyone could do
evil things.
Still, Sokka was honest, and good, and this... this had to have some explanation.
Instead of cruelty, Sokka brightened, a determination filling his features. “I made a plan!” He
declared proudly, before turning a little sheepish, almost sombre. “I know why you struggle
so much to eat with us, and I know you don’t want people prying, least of all me. But my dad
and the others... they can be too nice, sometimes. I just... thought about what happened at the
Boiling Rock.” Zuko gripped Zi Se closer and Sokka noticed, gaze softening, like he wanted
to say I know, I know this is hard, but let me finish. “You wanted what happened. You wanted
it from the start and you went through with it, and then you wanted to go home, and the
others let you because it was what you wanted. It wasn’t my place to get involved; maybe it
still isn’t. But what you want isn’t always what’s best for you, Zuko. You're... You’re really
bad at seeing that, actually. So I decided I'd try and help with this, because there are two
things I understand better than anyone in this camp. You.” His smile turned firm here, and
Zuko remembered their conversation not long ago. I was the only one who knew what you
were really capable of. Then Sokka looked down at the bowls in his hand, that earlier
determination returning. “And food.”

And with that, Sokka plopped himself gracelessly to the floor, still just shy of the doorway,
far from Zuko’s space but still in the room, still in the room with food, and his words swirled
through Zuko’s mind as he desperately tried to figure out what was going on, but all he
wanted to do was reach over and grab the bowls, grab the boy, make sure he never came
back. No, no, he didn’t want that, but his hands ached so much that he carefully pushed Zi Se
off him, not trusting himself with the little boy in his grip right now.
“Sokka,” Zuko bit out, tone a warning, “this is a really bad idea.”
“You haven’t even heard the idea yet.” Sokka said somewhat moodily, before pushing two of
the bowls as far away from him as he could without moving from where he sat. “Zi Se, could
you come take these for me?”
Zi Se looked up at Zuko, nervous of his obvious distrust, and Zuko wanted to say no, wanted
Zi Se to stay right at his side, wanted to tell Sokka that this was ridiculous at best, dangerous
at worst. Zuko didn’t need his stupid plans. He was a ruined thing that couldn’t be unruined
because one boy decided to be kind to him, and...
And Zuko remembered last night with Hakoda, these same feelings laying ashes against the
walls of his chest.
You're doing your best, and it does not have to be enough. You are not facing this alone
anymore.
All of the fight fled from Zuko, and he sighed. Sokka was right; in his own way, he
understood Zuko better than anyone else here. Zuko didn’t need to warn Sokka about the
things he had done, the things he continued to do, the things he couldn’t help, because Sokka
already knew. And if he was still here with that in mind, then that meant the infuriating boy
had accounted for it in one of his foolproof plans that had once been the bane of Zuko’s
existence. Sokka knew what he was doing; all he was asking was for some trust in return.
And yesterday, Zuko would not have given that trust, but today he was tired, and he wanted
so badly to believe Hakoda, but that took trust too. How do you trust again when it has done
nothing but hurt you in the past?
How do you stop?
“Fine.” Zuko said, and Zi Se got up, moving cautiously at first, but then grabbing the bowls
and returning to Zuko’s side with them. Sokka didn’t move, only smiling at Zi Se when he
came near, holding his own bowl when the little boy moved away. Zi Se began eating without
hesitation. Katara had made jook today, and the smell didn’t ease anything in Zuko like it was
supposed to, instead alerting every single nerve ending. There is food here. You don’t know
when you will eat next. Take it all. Take it all, or risk having nothing. The pain of starving
was not worth the energy it took not to scare Sokka. For a moment, it all seemed so pointless.
Zuko didn’t care if he hurt Sokka, if he lashed out. He didn’t care, as long as it meant he got
to win. It was all about winning. Winning against Chan. Winning against Spider. Winning
against Fong. Survival was just a game, a white lotus piece fanning out into a greater design
that took the board, and Zuko knew what defeat entailed.

He had sworn his time in the dirt was done. And if he picked up his food now, he knew he
would eat it within seconds, and then he would do whatever it took to take Sokka’s food and
get him out.
But this was on Zuko. He had agreed to this now. So he dug his nails into his palms,
resolutely ignored the bowl Zi Se had set beside him, and breathed shakily as he waited for
Sokka to enlighten him on what was clearly a genius plan.
“So,” Sokka started, blue eyes so resolute, “from what I can tell, you’re fine when it’s just
you and Zi Se, right?”
Zuko nodded, because it had always been just him and Zi Se. Zi Se was not a threat to him,
and he knew that. His food was Zi Se’s food; it wasn’t like with the others, where they could
take at any moment.
“But trying to eat with everyone is when it gets difficult?” Sokka furthered, and Zuko nodded
again, feeling distinctly like he was missing something obvious, like this was all leading into
some form of mockery. It felt strange to try and simplify this like Sokka was doing. Two
questions, and Sokka had pinpointed the exact problem, but now what? It was still this awful
darkness in Zuko, a beast with claws and it hurt, and what could anyone do to help with that?
What you want isn’t always what’s best for you. Zuko did not want help, but he needed it, and
this anger at himself, at everyone, at everything, had done nothing but hold him captive for
weeks now. He wasn’t getting anywhere. The most progress he’d made had been when there
were people with him, talking him through it, staying by his side. You are not doing this
alone anymore.
This was Zuko accepting help, and there was such a horrific trust to that, having to reach
deep, deep down and wrap his fingers around this rotten part of himself, drag it all back up
his throat and reveal it to people, trusting blindly that they would not find it ugly, that they
would help.
“And what about now, when it’s just me? How do you feel?” Sokka asked, cocking his head a
little, like a curious bird. He seemed so innocent in that moment. Not hopeful, because that
felt too active. This was inherent. Sokka just genuinely believed he could fix this. It wasn’t
something he had to think about.
“Fine.” Zuko bit out, every moment they spoke being another moment he had to listen to Zi
Se scraping his bowl clean, the smell of jook easing throughout the room, and Zuko ached.
“Uh huh, sure buddy.” Sokka said, quirking an eyebrow, before leaning back on his palms,
torso completely exposed, posture unguarded and vulnerable. “Can you try that again but
without the lying part?”
Zuko was grinding his teeth so hard it was starting to hurt, glaring at the other boy, before he
deflated, sighing and rubbing a hand down his face. He couldn’t tell which he felt more; fear
or embarrassment. He supposed that was all part of this getting better deal. If it was easy, he
would have done it weeks ago.

“Not great.” Zuko admitted quietly, and Zi Se looked up at him then, amber eyes worried. His
presence eased things a little. He was right by Zuko’s side, far from any threat, and Zuko
could defend him if things suddenly changed for the worse. Yesterday, Zi Se had been sat far
from him, right in the midst of everyone. Zuko couldn’t reach him, and he knew, he knew he
didn’t have to, that they were safe. He’d repeated the words so many times they didn’t feel
real anymore. We are safe, we are safe, we are safe. A mantra imprinted into his mind, but
convincing himself of it would not be so easy. He had felt safe the last time he was with the
Water Tribe, and he knew how that had ended.
Sokka softened then, like Zuko had done something right instead of admitted that his
presence was making him feel, frankly, murderous.
“That’s alright.” Sokka said, all lax and casual. He wasn’t scared of Zuko. He’d seen Zuko do
awful thing after awful thing, and he sat here, and he wasn’t scared.
“So,” Zuko swallowed the sudden feeling rising in him, “what’s your master plan then?”
“This.” Sokka smirked proudly. “We just eat like this, just you and me. And the little man, of
course.” Sokka winked at Zi Se and the kid giggled a little, a noise that eased something in
Zuko. “I know it's still uncomfortable, and I don’t want you thinking that I think this is easy
for you; I know it’s not. But I’m just one person, and maybe if this works, we can get Tomkin
and Nanook in next. We'll stay in your room, and Zi Se will stay next to you, and you’ll be in
control. If it gets too much, all you have to do is say, and I’ll leave, and we’ll just try again
later.”
Zuko stared at the other boy for a few moments, stunned, because that almost... that almost
seemed like it could work. And why shouldn’t it? Why shouldn’t Zuko be able to get over
this? Agni knew he’d had to get over everything else in his life one way or another. It wasn’t
a lack of stubbornness that stunned him, it was just how genuine Sokka sounded. He had faith
in this plan, and in turn, he had faith in Zuko. He'd known they’d agreed on starting again
with each other, a clean slate, but Zuko had thought that meant civility and nothing more.
This... This was more than Sokka owed him, this was more than Zuko deserved. He just
didn’t understand why. Had Sokka forgotten what Zuko was capable of? But how, after
seeing it all so explicitly?
“Sokka,” Zuko started tiredly, that familiar self-hatred prickling behind his ribs, the need to
warn people of what he was, “if this goes wrong, I could... I could seriously hurt you. I don’t
know what comes over me but I just can’t- I just can’t... And if you-.”
“I know you would never have hurt Tulok because you wanted to, Zuko.” Sokka said softly,
and Zuko froze. “I see how you are with them, and they’ve told me stories about when you
were on the Ullaakut. I know you care about them just like they care about you.” Sokka
frowned here, struggling for the words. “I know exactly how capable you are of hurting
people. I knew that when I thought of this, and I'll know it the entire time I'm here. This isn’t
me underestimating you. It's just... It’s not your fault that you were made to respond like that,
you know? You shouldn’t have to live with it.”
“But I am living with it.” Zuko scowled, crossing his arms. “It doesn’t matter if it’s wrong or
right; it just is. And you won’t care about fairness when you do some mundane shit and I

stick a knife in your gut for it just because I can’t fucking see straight-.”
“Language.” Zi Se chirped suddenly, and Zuko broke off, looking down in surprise at the
little boy, who beamed happily. Zuko would worry later about how unperturbed Zi Se was by
the content of what Zuko had been saying, focussing only on him swearing. Right now, he
was too blindsided by how happy Zi Se looked, like he’d caught Zuko out and was now
expecting a prize. And he looked like that because they were safe here, and because now, Zi
Se’s main focus was Zuko’s bad language, was a game. Not survival, or starvation, but a
game.
Zuko smiled a little, ruffling Zi Se’s hair. “Thanks.”
When he looked back up, Sokka was watching him, and he didn’t look angry, or offended. He
looked just as relaxed as before, and Zuko made himself breathe away this sudden frustration,
made himself see clearly. Here was a boy who had seen him hateful, seen him fighting, seen
him killing. Sokka had been on the receiving end of Zuko’s rage and deceit and he had given
him another chance regardless. There was nothing Zuko could say to convince Sokka of his
badness. Sokka had already made up his mind. If this went wrong, it was because Sokka had
been naïve. Zuko had tried to warn him, and he had given Sokka no reason to trust him, and
still, Sokka was here.
The thought was strangely calming, and Zuko sighed.
“Fine, I'll... I’ll try it.” He said, and Sokka lit up. Zuko's face darkened. “But if I... if I hurt
you, you can’t hesitate. You have to defend yourself. Don't pity me and don’t trust me to snap
out of it, just defend yourself.”
He expected Sokka to deflate upon the warning, but the other boy’s smile turned menacing.
“You think I wouldn’t? I’ve been waiting for a chance to kick your ass since you showed up
at the South Pole.”
It was a joke, and it wasn’t, and either way, it was so immediately reassuring to Zuko that he
almost did something stupid, like laugh. He'd been so caught up in his confusion at Sokka
being so determined to help him that he had also forgotten what else made Sokka different
from the others. He was Zuko’s point of honesty; he stuck to his beliefs when the others were
blinded by pity, and he would continue to do so even now. It was strange. In his refusal to cut
Zuko any slack, Sokka was the only one who made Zuko feel like maybe he was still strong,
strong enough to overcome all of this. After all, Sokka wasn’t a monster. If Zuko truly was
some pathetic, beaten thing, then Sokka would treat him as such. The other boy had no filter.
He said what he saw and acted accordingly, and he treated Zuko like someone who could
handle it.
So, Zuko would handle it.
____
To Sokka’s credit, Zuko hadn’t punched him yet.
To Zuko’s credit, Sokka could tell he wanted to.

Every time Sokka moved, Zuko would flinch, golden eyes snapping to Sokka. He knew he
didn’t mean to glare, but it didn’t stop Sokka’s skin from crawling. He'd been on the
receiving end of that golden glare too many times to start relaxing under it now. But Sokka
was set on this plan. The feeling he’d had yesterday, realising what had happened to Zuko,
another pain he had suffered through silently like the insufferable jerkbender he was – it
wasn’t something Sokka ever wanted to feel again. It was the feeling he’d had watching
Katara back in the village, pulling up puddles and dropping them again like there was just
something too heavy about them, helpless and alone, and Sokka couldn’t help. It was the
feeling he got when Aang woke up in the night, terrified and restless, heading into another
day of brutal training and refusing to stop, and Sokka couldn’t help. It was the feeling that sat
heavy within him when Toph had walked away from them after Aang and Katara had argued
with her, unable to placate the situation until it went from uncomfortable to explosive, and
Sokka couldn’t help. It was the feeling he got when Azula taunted him about Suki, his mind
supplying awful image after awful imagine, and Sokka couldn’t help. It was the feeling that
consumed him when he thought of Yue, and how she...
This was something Sokka could help with, and after so long keeping Team Avatar together,
it wasn’t something he could ignore. It didn’t matter that it was Zuko, it mattered only that
there was someone in their group who needed help.
So, Sokka was helping. Clumsily, loudly, but he was helping, and Zuko hadn’t punched him
yet. Sokka tried to move smoothly as he ate, but he’d never exactly been the most... elegant.
Having to keep his gesticulations to a minimum as he spoke was a conscious effort, draining
too. It wasn’t Sokka’s fault he was such an expressive guy. It came with being such an
interesting person. Eccentric, even.
Part of his plan he hadn’t voiced to Zuko was that, Sokka theorised, if he just talked enough,
Zuko might be so annoyed by his constant distraction that he forgot the threat he saw in
Sokka. He knew it wouldn’t be that simple, that it all probably layered in Zuko’s mind like
some twisted nightmare, but he also knew that the firebender had a notoriously quick temper
and very, very little patience, and if there was one thing Sokka was good at, it was talking.
“And so we saw this rock, and I was totally not bothered by it, but Toph decided it was the
coolest thing ever because it was, and I quote, ‘shaped exactly like a bean curd puff.’ Which
is just completely inaccurate, because bean curd puffs are smooth, and also the shapes were
totally different.” Sokka swatted his hand in the air absentmindedly, needing to get his point
across of how wrong Toph was, and in turn how wronged Sokka was. “I'm telling you, this
rock was hexagonal, if anything, and bean curd puffs are just curved cylinders, you know?
Those shapes aren’t even remotely similar, but Toph was so stubborn, and the next thing I
know, she’s getting all moody with me, and do you know what she did? Guess.”
Zuko was glaring at him like he hoped a certain degree of conveyed malice might just set
Sokka on fire and blissfully shut him up, and Sokka had to bite back a smile, continuing to
feign obliviousness. Zuko was as predictable as he’d expected; his plan was working. Sokka
had been talking ever since Zuko agreed to this, about any and everything. Katara's snoring,
the healing qualities of Aang’s hugs, the waterfall Tulok found this morning, and now Toph’s
menacing assaults against Sokka’s wellbeing via the geographic landscape. Zuko was
practically fuming in his annoyance – he was exactly where Sokka wanted him.

“I don’t know.” Zuko eventually bit out, like it took a lot of effort to simply utter the words
instead of yelling them.
“She threw the rock at me.” Sokka declared, amping up his rightful indignation. “It hit my leg
right here! Look! See how big that is? It hurt too.”
He hoisted up his trouser leg to reveal where his skin was tinged a deep red and green around
his knee, pouting as he remembered the moment of impact, then looked back up to see Zuko
staring at him impatiently. The firebender was leaning against the wall, arms crossed
moodily. There was a certain nonchalance to Zuko these days, a very specific kind of
carelessness that probably came from immense trauma that made every other mundane
problem pale in comparison. Usually, it was in his attitude, and it bugged Sokka to no end,
but this morning when they sat together, Sokka could see it. The shirt he wore was a little too
big on him, black fabric bringing out the inky colour of his stupid hair that fell every which
way and the devastating gold of his eyes, and he had bundled the sleeves into his fists in his
frustration, inadvertently tugging the hem to give Sokka a view of a pale neck and the
beginning of a sharp collarbone. Sokka had obviously walked in when the prince was still
waking up, and Zuko hadn’t yet thought to correct this whole... sleep-mussed look. Sokka
remembered in the Boiling Rock when they’d woken up next to each other, how annoying
he’d found it when he had been carefully braiding back his wolf tail and all Zuko had to do
was run his fingers through his hair a few times for it to look like that. It almost made a guy
miss the angry ponytail jerk.
Then he remembered how Zuko had laughed this morning, when he hadn’t noticed Sokka and
he thought it was just him and Zi Se, how he held the kid at once gently and firmly, how
much a smile actually suited him, and when he thought of that, it was hard to find the
jerkbender annoying at all, and wasn’t that a terrifying thought? It couldn’t be good for
digestion.
Speaking of, Sokka’s plan – as usual, because he was Team Avatar’s resident genius – had
worked perfectly. Three bowls brought in, three bowls empty, zero casualties.
“I’m sure you’ll survive.” Zuko grumbled, rolling his eyes when Sokka made a dramatic
show of flicking his trouser leg back down.
Sokka winked at him. “Long enough to bring you lunch later.”
And with that, he grabbed his bowl and stood, dusting off his clothes a little before heading
towards the hallway.
“Are you telling me you just came in here to rant?” Zuko said, bewildered by Sokka’s sudden
exit.
“I came in here to execute a perfectly formulated plan.” Sokka shrugged, smugness twitching
at his lips as Zuko still stared up at him, confused. “I did that, so now I'm going.”
“But all you did was talk.” Zuko hissed.

Sokka grinned at him, blue eyes flicking to the empty bowl at Zuko’s side. “And all you did
was eat. Like I said; perfectly formulated.”
He was gone before the spluttering firebender could figure out a response.
____
A perfectly formulated plan, Zuko thought, staring after Sokka in shock. The Water Tribe boy
had been with him for only a matter of minutes, time that Zuko had been certain would drag,
and it felt like nothing at all. It wasn’t easy, not by any means, and it wouldn’t be for a very,
very long time, but it wasn’t anything like Zuko had expected. He'd sat there, rigid as the
rock around him, every sense attuned to the things that were important; the food in the room,
Zi Se, and the teenage boy before him. Nothing else mattered. The air he breathed, the wind
in the ravine, the anxiety in his chest – it all melted to nothing but a primal focus, a scathing
intensity, a readying to wound.
And Sokka had talked away, oblivious. No, not oblivious. He was completely aware of the
way Zuko was glaring at him, the way he flinched upon even the smallest of gestures from
the other boy, the way he had twisted his torso to face him and clutched his bowl so tight that
his knuckles gleamed like the bleached bones of carcasses in the morning light. Sokka was
completely aware, and he was unbothered, because he had planned for this, and he was ready
for whatever Zuko did.
It gave him more incentive to hold back. It was a twisted logic in his mind, and he hated the
thought process the moment he realised what he was doing, but knowing Sokka was actually
a threat, a boy who could handle himself against Zuko, was more steadying than if Sokka had
made himself this soft, unobtrusive thing. Zuko's mind was in survival mode the moment he
picked up his bowl to eat. If Sokka didn’t make himself a threat, then he wouldn’t be treated
as one, and Zuko would take what he knew he could. Putra was a victim of Zuko’s hunger as
much as Chan. At least Chan had beaten Zuko as much as Zuko had beaten him, but Putra
had starved in the shadows of their greater rage. Zuko hadn’t even thought twice about taking
from him, because it kept him alive.
Yesterday, Zuko had kept his cool by focussing on his meal, eating it quickly without issue. It
was only when the food was gone and he looked up to see everyone else still eating that the
awful feeling in his chest roared into a monster rather than a shadow. This time, Zuko
couldn’t even concentrate on eating. He couldn’t concentrate on anything. Sokka didn’t just
talk; his tone changed, he jumped through his sentences, he used his hands. It was like he was
constantly on three different trains of thought and was steering them away from one another
before they crashed. It was chaotic and loud and distracting, and Zuko had just assumed it
was Sokka being Sokka, and maybe it was, maybe that was the genius of this plan. All Zuko
had known was that his heart was thumping in his chest, fear becoming anger becoming
anxiety. It wasn’t a nice feeling, that restless fluttering against bunched muscles, but it also
wasn’t dangerous. The desire to hurt Sokka for his food slowly left Zuko’s mind, being
replaced with the desire to hurt Sokka if only to shut him up. The difference was that Zuko
had spent his entire life with this conversational impatience, and he knew how to control that.
He didn’t know how to control those other feelings.

So he’d controlled it, a sickening feeling in his stomach, snapping at Sokka whenever the
other boy asked him questions, and the moment he finished his food, Sokka stood and gave
him that grin, revealing that this had all been on purpose.
And Zuko was just... stunned.
Because it had worked.
Recovery had been sold to Zuko as a series of impossibilities. A dark tunnel with light at the
end. A tall mountain he didn’t know how to climb. Something terrifying, something large,
something that required strength and bravery, and Zuko was just a body of shame and anger
and fear. How did he even start?
Healing was a memory of murder. He had buried any kindness at the feet of his father years
ago and all tellings of dirt had been scrubbed from his mind, which left room for perfection,
which left a boy and his father, which left something rotting beneath the ground. Then his
father had turned around and walked away, fire in the halls of a childhood home, fire in his
eyes, which left a boy on his own, scavenging for a kindness he had buried long ago,
searching hands and desperation. It's around here somewhere. Bad things kept happening,
new shadows towering over him, but he didn’t know how to touch his skin kindly, which left
a boy without a propensity for recovery. His kindness was no more than an unmarked grave,
and it had been for a very long time.
Healing was a memory of murder, a killing of kindness, a burial without rites, which left a
boy and the dirt, and the blood in the dirt, which left his hands, which left the blood on his
hands.
Healing was a memory of murder, and a retelling of a gentler story, a promise that, this time,
nothing would be left. Unbury everything. Dirty your hands. Make maps of this landscape.
Do not forget. Do not walk away.
Zuko knew it was part of it, that unburying. He knew he could only heal if he dug his hands
into the mud and began to dig. It didn’t stop the dirt from choking him, or his nails from
cracking against the pressure.
It didn’t stop it from hurting so much.
Last night’s conversation with Hakoda left his insides bare and burning, throat raw and eyes
aching, but this... this had been easier. Not easy, just easier. He hadn’t had to hurt in order to
make this small amount of progress, and it was the tiniest thing, a single meal sat rigidly and
uncomfortably, but he hadn’t hurt anyone, and that was progress. Maybe in a few day’s time,
it would feel less uncomfortable. Maybe in a few month’s time, he could eat with his friends
again.
Maybe he could really do this.
Zuko smiled, ruffling Zi Se’s hair as he got to his feet and collected their bowls. It was a new
day. The sunlight glowed through the temple, and the sad ache in Zuko’s chest abated. It

wouldn’t go away because of one shuffle in the right direction, it might not go away for a
very long time, but it was more bearable now.
After all, Zuko wasn’t carrying it alone anymore.
____
The plan had been skewed with the appearance of the Fire Prince, or more specifically, with
the delivery of that critical piece of information he dropped on their little group in regards to
Ozai’s intentions for the comet. Bato had talked with Hakoda on the Ullaakut when they had
sailed here, deciding that the Air Temple would be no more than a detour, a chance to pick up
their youngest members. From there, they had agreed to meet the rest of their men at General
Iroh’s White Lotus camp, and they were going to plan further as a bigger collective.
Zuko had changed that. Their perspective had been forced to shift, because while they hadn’t
had an official plan, there had still been the outline of one, a general understanding that they
would outlast the comet so the Avatar could face the Fire Lord later. Ozai's plan to annihilate
the Earth Kingdom made that impossible. Unless they wanted a genocide on their hands, the
Avatar would have to defeat the Fire Lord before the comet.
What was originally supposed to be a detour had now become a two-week-long-and-counting
stint at the Air Temple. Zuko's injuries had provided them with an easy excuse to get a little
comfortable here, an excuse Bato had been more than happy to exploit, because he, like
Hakoda, wasn’t willing to meet back up with the Dragon of the West without at least the
groundworks of a plan for the comet. They would not leave their fate in the hands of some
retired war criminal, no matter how kind he might seem.
So here they were, still at the Air Temple, running out of time and trying to stitch together a
plan.
“So it’s agreed that we cannot take out the attack once it’s in full swing; we need to weaken
its foundations. If we hadn’t had warning beforehand, we’d be tackling the air fleet with brute
force, and we’d fail almost immediately. The Fire Lord knows that, it’s why he’s amassed
such an offensive attack.” Hakoda thought aloud from where he sat by the fire, the adults
having gathered around him, his expression serious, the kind of seriousness he only donned
when he was deep in thought.
“Assuming he’s oblivious to Zuko warning us,” Hakoda continued, “we still hold that
advantage, and he won’t have had the forethought to anticipate anything other than a head-on
collision.”
“So we take out the big guys before they even get the chance to gain heat, right?” Bato
added, following Hakoda’s train of thought with an effortlessness that came from years at
war, and even longer at each other’s side.
“Exactly.” Hakoda nodded. “Sokka ran through them with me a few days ago. Spirits know I
never wanted to be getting inside information about the Fire Nation from my son, but isn’t
that just one more reason on a mountain that we need to end this?”

It was a rhetorical question, curling with bitterness, but this was one of the things that made
Hakoda such a good chief. He insighted determination even without meaning to. Bato saw it
in the way Chena’s fists suddenly clenched, Aput’s gaze growing steely, Tulok giving a firm
nod. Even Kanut raised a sharp eyebrow. This war had been an endless cycle of misery for a
century, and they would be the ones that got to see the end. So few victims of this war could
say the same. So few tribesmen could say the same. They were fighting for their lives, but
also for the ghosts standing in line behind them. A hundred childhoods lost to fire.
“We need to figure out a way to infiltrate Caldera City as a whole.” Hakoda said, elbows on
his knees as he stared deep into the fire. “We’ll face the same issues we faced on the Day of
Black Sun. The geography is working against us, but at least this time there won’t be so many
of us, and they won’t see us coming. We can focus on stealth.”
“Then there’s Zuko’s sister, Princess Azula. A firebending prodigy and what sounds like a
pretty terrifying lack of humanity.” Hakoda sighed, a certain sadness taking hold of him.
“She's her father’s daughter alright.”
“Whole family of dickheads.” Chena mumbled, and Aput snorted.
“Can we use Zuko in that situation?” Tulok asked, frowning.
“I’m not sure how... close they are.” Hakoda said carefully, rubbing his nape. “And with
everything he’s been through, I'm not sure how to broach the topic with Zuko.”
“The few times he’s spoken about her, it’s been complicated at best.” Kanut agreed. “But I
definitely can’t see him plotting to kill her anytime soon. She's still his little sister.”
“We don’t have to kill her, not unless she leaves us no other choice.” Bato said, thinking it
through in his mind. It didn’t sit well with him to allow that family any more degrees of
freedom than necessary. Zuko was already pushing it, and General Iroh was another matter.
Sparing a third seemed like a surefire way of foiling their own chances, but... “She’s only
fourteen. I say we focus more on capturing rather than killing.”
Hakoda nodded in firm agreement, and Chena groaned. “So help me, chief, if you bring this
one into the ranks too-.”
“I think one firebender has been more than enough.” Hakoda chuckled, but Bato had an
uncomfortable suspicion that, if the princess was so inclined, Hakoda would do everything in
his power to smuggle her under his wing.
“Which just leaves us with the Fire Lord.” Bato sighed, having been through this little list of
their biggest threats with Hakoda several times now. It was their big three; Caldera, Azula
and Ozai.
A morbid hush overtook the group, because this was one thing they did have a plan for, and
none of them were happy with it. What kind of destiny decreed that a twelve-year-old
pacifist, the last of his people, must defeat the cruellest man in the world? Where was the
justice to that? It was backwards, almost ironic with its own wrongness. Defeating Ozai was
going to be a golden day of victory, but for Aang to be the one to kill him... the little kid

didn’t deserve that burden. No kid did. It was Zuko and Fong all over again, and Bato didn’t
need to know him to know that Zuko was haunted.
Bato had lived the cycle of war’s misery for many years now, but it still burned him every
time new fodder trudged into the wheel’s path. He just felt so helpless. They all did.
But it ended with the comet.
Before anyone got the chance to voice their discomfort, a cheerful whistling sounded, and
Bato turned to the temple’s entrance to see Sokka sauntering outside, hands in his pockets
and whistling a merry tune, the picture of casualness. He had a victorious little smile on his
face, a certain smugness to his posture, and Bato narrowed his eyes. He hadn’t argued when
Sokka had told Katara that he was going to be the one to bring Zuko his food today, leaving it
to the careful warning Hakoda tried to give his son, but Sokka didn’t need it. He’d seen as
they all had what had almost happened to Tulok, and the mischievous grit to Sokka’s gaze
was concerning at best. Still, when Hakoda had thrown an uncertain look to Bato, the other
man had just shrugged.
Perhaps it was short-sighted, or definitive proof that Bato’s own lack of children was a
universal mercy, but he wanted to see how things would pan out. Bato didn’t know Zuko, but
he knew Sokka, and knew the boy loathed even the thought of Zuko. That was, until a few
days ago. They'd walked into the Air Temple as enemies and returned as tentative allies, and
now, Sokka was going out of his way to help his fellow teenager.
It was that teenage solidarity between the pair that made Bato so curious, because they both
desperately needed some normalcy. Sokka had been playing adult for years now, and Zuko
had suffered through things no man in his worst nightmares ought to suffer through, let alone
a child. They both needed to be teenage boys.
Bato suspected an unlikely friendship might blossom there, and Bato was never wrong about
these things.
Sure enough, Sokka was back and seemed happier than ever, arrogant almost, and when he
caught Hakoda staring at him anxiously, he made a show of opening out his arms, even doing
a little twirl to at once show both his empty bowl and his distinct lack of injuries.
He’d eaten with Zuko, and it had gone well.
Interesting, Bato thought.
“You seem happy with yourself.” He pointed out innocently when Sokka came to sit next to
him.
“And you guys seem like you’re planning without me.” Sokka said without missing a beat,
turning to his dad. “What are we talking about?”
The conversation quickly returned to tactics, and while none of them liked the thought of
Sokka having to be involved in these conversations when he was still so young, his insight
was invaluable.

“Azula won’t just be taken prisoner.” He said resolutely upon his father’s suggestion. “It’s
kill or be killed.”
“Well, that’s settled then.” Chena said, and Hakoda threw him a look that might have made
Bato laugh in a less serious conversation.
“She’s young, Sokka, and has had a lifetime of Ozai’s influence with no reprieve.” Hakoda
said, gently enough that he didn’t sound scolding, firm enough that Sokka wouldn’t feel
babied. “We will take a merciful approach.”
They were going to give the Fire Princess the benefit of the doubt, even if it went against all
instinct and past experience, because Bato knew they had not given the Fire Prince the
benefit of the doubt when their ships crossed that day, and it led to complications, to say the
least. It wasn’t the assumption that some ashmaker, some royal ashmaker at that, deserved
this leniency after everything that accursed nation had done, but it was a loyalty to their own
morals. Ozai would not strip them of this. The Water Tribe refused. This was as much a fight
back as anything else, and Bato had faith in Sokka that, when he was older, when he was able
to acknowledge Azula’s youth the way he couldn’t currently acknowledge his own, he would
understand.
For now, he trusted his father, simply scowling. Bato knew he’d figure out his own plan. Just
in case. He was like Hakoda in that sense. Thorough to the point of being intolerable. Bato
ruffled the kid’s hair, just to piss him off, and got that familiar scowl trained on him.
“You’re surprisingly cutthroat for someone who’s spent the morning being a Fire Nation
sympathiser.” Bato said conversationally, and Sokka scoffed in offence.
Hakoda groaned, rubbing a hand down his face. “Bato, they just stopped hating each other-.”
“I am not a sympathiser-.”
Both trains of thought were cut off at the sound of a child’s giggle accompanied by footsteps,
and the group looked over to see Zuko emerging from the Air Temple. He was holding Zi Se
on his hip, the little boy beaming in delight at something Zuko had said, a soft smile on the
older boy’s own face, an unpractised, fragile expression, and he held two empty bowls in his
other hand. Zuko looked up and caught everyone staring, but instead of snapping like Bato
knew he was prone to, he instead met Sokka’s eye, giving the boy a resolute nod. There was
no fondness there, a firm thing, solid, but it was a sign of respect, and Sokka nodded back,
watching as Zuko put Zi Se down and went to join Tomkin and Nanook. Zi Se ran off happily
to go and play with The Duke.
It had been a tiny moment between the two boys, and the others had turned away one they’d
identified the source of the noise, but Bato couldn’t help but flick his gaze between Sokka
and Zuko a moment. An unlikely friendship indeed. There was potential here.
“Kanut?” Bato asked suddenly, pulling his most charming grin, which was very charming
indeed and a direct hit to the heart for anyone who wasn’t Kanut apparently, as the healer had
always been immune to such things, cocky bastard that he was. Sure enough, Kanut’s
expression immediately fell, distrusting Bato on instinct. Rude.

“Do you still have that one book?” Bato asked, and Kanut frowned. Chena, Aput and Tulok
were talking quietly amongst themselves, a conversation that sounded strangely like ‘I’m not
gonna try braiding your fucking hair, Tulok. Ask Katara.’ ‘But when Aneko did it-.’ Bato
opted to ignore them, like he tended to for the sake of his sanity. Hakoda and Sokka were still
listening though, looking between Bato and Kanut with almost comically matching
expressions of confusion.
“I have a lot of books, Bato. Some of us have a healthy respect for intellect. Be more
specific.” Kanut said monotonously.
Bato waggled his eyebrows. “You know.”
And Kanut, in fact, did know, if the way his face fell in exasperation was anything to go by.
“Spirits, would you stop meddling in things for once in your life?” Kanut huffed. “You’re
ridiculous-.”
They continued to bicker amongst themselves for a while, Kanut getting sharper and sharper
as his patience waned, and Bato would have loved to continue tormenting his friend, he really
would have, but the conversation met its premature end when the sound of suspiciously wet
footsteps hit the clearing. It was then that Bato realised some of the kids were gone. Katara
and Aang were training, and the youngest kids were all accounted for, but Bato noted a
distinct lack of one violent earthbender and a trio of unruly boys.
That was when the shouting started.
____
Tulok had found a waterfall close to the temple.
Tulok had found a waterfall close to the temple, and Tomkin had decided to make it
everyone’s problem.
“We’re going. That's final.” Tomkin declared, determined stare flicking between Zuko and
Nanook, who both looked apprehensive. It was less the idea of going to the waterfall – if
anything, that was an appealing idea – and more so how fixated Tomkin was with it. It meant
he’d had an idea, and by extension, that Zuko and Nanook were going to get roped in against
their will.
Although Zuko could figure out well enough what Tomkin’s idea might have been. He
remembered the beach in Gaoling, Tomkin sneaking up on him, Nanook warning him, both
of them winding up soaked through. Tomkin was innovative, and would not pass up an
opportunity to harass his friends.
“I’m not going if all you’re going to do is throw water at everyone like a child.” Zuko said,
not caring if he sounded moody. Nanook nodded in agreement.
Tomkin scoffed, face twisting in offence. “Seriously? You're just gonna stand there and
assume the worst out of me like that?”

Zuko glanced to Nanook. Nanook glanced at Zuko.
“Yes.” They both said in unison, and Zuko bit back a smile.
“What are you idiots yapping about over here?” Toph said suddenly, and Zuko turned to see
her stomping over. He didn’t need to bite back the fond smile that pulled at his mouth then.
She couldn’t see it; there was nothing she could prove.
“Tomkin’s latest attempts to drown us.” Nanook said casually, and Tomkin groaned at the
ongoing injustice.
“Sweet.” Toph said, grinning with a little too much teeth. “Guessing this is about the
waterfall Tulok found? I'm coming too.”
Tomkin immediately perked up. “Really?”
“Yeah, we’ll go two against two.”
“I call dibs on Zuko!” Nanook said quickly, earning a withering glare from Tomkin.
Zuko frowned at the older boy. “You want a firebender for a water fight?”
Tomkin pointed and laughed at the observation, like an idiot, but Nanook wasn’t dissuaded.
“I was thinking more along the lines of falling back on your history of intense combat
training and competitive tendencies, but okay.”
Tomkin's face fell then, realising that his previous arrogance might have been ill-founded,
before his expression became determined, and he linked his arm with Toph’s despite the
murderous glare the earthbender sent him.
“Fine,” Tomkin sneered, “take your fancy firebender. Me and Toph are still gonna beat you
both. You're going down, Nan.”
Which was how Zuko found himself being led through the jagged paths embedded into the
cliffs surrounding the Air Temple, following the other three if only a little reluctantly. The
waterfall was along the plateau, a part of the woodland Zuko hadn’t been in before, the trees
a little more twisted, the ground a little harder. The sky had gradually amassed a growing
grey invasion of clouds on the horizon, and it threw everything into a murky eeriness. Zuko
was about to suggest that maybe they go back, not liking how quiet things seemed, not liking
being so far from Zi Se, when they suddenly reached a clearing, and his breath caught in his
throat.
The cliff jutted up here, a jarringly vertical wall of rock rising from the ground like a sudden
wave, frozen in earth and curling around to create a tiny, secret corner. A small pond sat
enclosed within, water cascading from the elevated rock and flowing all the way to the cliff’s
edge, where it tumbled into oblivion. Greenery had crept into the clearing, vines clinging to
protruding stone, and in this tiny pocket of earth, the sun poked through the clouds to glare
blindingly against the water, glistening until it looked like falling crystals.
It was beautiful. For a moment, Zuko could only stare.

Tomkin whooped in excited, wasting no time to hurry towards the pond. Nanook and Toph
both threw him feral grins, pursuing without hesitation, and Zuko gave himself this second to
just breathe. He had suffered so much for so long, and now he was somewhere beautiful with
his friends. It was a warm acknowledgement, settling contentedly against his heart. He
wondered what he would have thought a few weeks ago, if he’d known this would all be his,
if he’d known the world was not entirely formed of blood and shadows. He was sure he
wouldn’t have believed it, and that was okay, because it was no longer a case of faith. This
was his. This was real.
Zuko smiled, and followed his friends.
He should have known, that something so gentle could not last. Tenderness was a thing to be
lost. And it seemed so depraved, so wicked, to think there were things in this world living
only to die, defined by their own impermanence, but he couldn’t fathom it any other way.
Tenderness was a thing to be lost, to be torn and beaten, to be killed, and he should have
known. As soon as the smile had crept onto his face, a shy, unbidden thing, as soon as he
moved to join his friends, he realised the exact situation he had walked into. Tomkin and
Nanook, knee deep in the pond, shirts long discarded, Toph dangling her feet in the water
from where she sat on a perch she’d earthbended for herself, and they were all laughing, so
careless, because why wouldn’t they be?
Zuko was overreacting, but he didn’t want to take his shirt off, and such a simple thing seized
him. It was less the fear of actually revealing his tattered skin to these people who couldn’t
bite back their pity, and more the reminder that so many mundanities had been ruined for
him. This was a normal thing. They were a group of friends messing around in a waterfall.
But Zuko could not experience it normally. He had to face these choices, this dance between
a rock and a hard place. Show his scars, this body of trauma, or keep his shirt on and face
questions, or worse, be met with only pitiful, horrifically understanding silence. He could be
defeated or he could be strange. Those were his options. This was what Fong had done to
him, the acrid linger of his hatred that would never detach itself from Zuko’s skin. He was
damned to a lifetime of long sleeves in stifling heat and being no more than a bystander to
fun.
Zuko had been mutilated when he was only thirteen; he was deeply familiar with how it felt
to feel ugly. He knew what it was to be stared at, to want to hide and have no choice but to
face judgement. These scars on his body were not on his face; he had a choice now. What a
thing, to be grateful for something like that. Another cruel reminder of the barbarism he had
been forced through. Every time he attempted to be gentle, to step into the sun, memory
dragged him right back again. He had spent years having no choice but to be brave, show his
ruined face to the world and take whatever response he was given, but for the rest of his
scars, he could hide behind his clothes, and he could control this last piece of himself after so
long without autonomy, and he didn’t want to take his shirt off.
“You coming, Zuko?” Nanook called cheerfully, chest bare and smooth and clear. “The
water’s incredible.”
Zuko wanted.

Desire, too, was a thing to be lost. This he knew. Zuko sat beside Toph, glaring at the water
like it had offended him, and thanked the Spirits that Nanook took one look at his suddenly
foul expression and chose to leave him be. He was grateful for the space, grateful that he
didn’t need to explain such a mortifying realisation, but he resented it too, resented that
Nanook didn’t even question him, resented that they were familiar enough with this that they
knew exactly what to do. It was just problem after problem with Zuko, and it clung just as
oppressively as the scars ruining his skin.
Pretty fucking badass rang through his mind like a taunt, and that was the worst part. These
people would not judge him, would not scorn him, but they would feel bad, and they would
avert their gaze because that was what humans did when met with something so bloody, so
messy, so ugly. Their pity was as bad as the whispers Zuko was used to from the scar on his
face. The knowledge that his own skin, this thing he could never separate himself from, was
enough to make people he loved uncomfortable. That was without his baggage, his temper,
his mouth. That was just his body. One glance, and the world could already lay Zuko bare.
“What’s up, Sparky?” Toph asked from his side, seemingly bored of his silently thunderous
brooding.
“Nothing. Not feeling it.” Zuko said, watching as Tomkin threw his head back in a laugh after
successfully shoving Nanook’s head under the water, only to be promptly tackled down by
the boy in question.
“Lie.” Toph said briskly. At least she couldn’t judge him if he did decide to brave the water. It
was a tiny reassurance.
She nudged him in the ribs when he responded with more sullen silence, and Zuko halfheartedly pushed her back. It was quiet between them then, and Zuko – because he was
useless at learning from past experience, no matter how much it was drilled into him – almost
got his hopes up that he had evaded this line of questioning, which was exactly when Tomkin
pounced.
“In. Water. Now.” He said smartly, grabbing Zuko’s ankle where it dangled, as if he might
just drag him right in. Zuko kicked him in the face guiltlessly, earning a squawk of surprise,
Tomkin dramatically pretending to fall back into the water and causing a large splash to
smack right into Nanook, who had been creeping over.
“Watch it, moron!” Nanook barked, shaking his hair out and causing droplets to splatter all
over Zuko and Toph. The sudden idiocy of it snapped Zuko from his mind for a moment, and
he breathed out a surprised laugh. He thought he could change completely and Tomkin and
Nanook would still have this reliability to them.
“Why aren’t you two coming in?” Tomkin whined once he’d regained his footing, pouting.
“Water’s too,” Toph scrunched her nose up in disdain as she searched for a word, “slippery. It
makes everything fuzzy.”
“But you said you’d fight us.” Nanook joined in on Tomkin’s whinging, and that’s when
Zuko knew he was doomed. Tomkin and Nanook were a force to be reckoned with when they

were punctuated by roughhousing and bickering, but when they banded together, set on a
common goal, they were impossible.
Toph shrugged. “I’ll only go in if Zuko does.”
He knew he couldn’t avoid this. In a literal sense, he could. He could get up right now, stomp
back to the camp, sulk for the rest of the day about his misfortunes, but his pride had already
made up its mind. Zuko was done surrendering to the ugliness inside of him.
The wounds on his torso had been given the all-clear from Kanut a few days ago, and despite
there being nothing to be done for them, his ribs felt better than they had in months. He could
take full breaths without it hurting now. Kanut also, a little begrudgingly, grumbling that if he
had it his way, he would leave them on longer just in case, had taken the bandages from
Zuko’s leg. It was still fragile territory, still twinging in pain whenever he moved too quickly
or put too much weight on it, but changing his dressings so often despite knowing how well
his leg was healing had been bugging Zuko. He never had been one for patience. Now, all
that was left of Fong’s last interrogation with him were messy scars, and Tomkin, Nanook
and Toph were all waiting for him to say something, and he knew he could tell them no. He'd
always known that; that had never been the issue. You can say no to those two, Kanut’s voice,
fond and long-suffering, they’re formidable together, but it is possible to deny them. He'd
known it then, and he definitely knew it now.
But this was about Zuko. Zuko, and a single, simple choice. His body was done healing from
what he went through and the scars were unignorable proof of that; it was time for his mind
to catch up. He could not shed this skin, he could not switch this body, he could not go back
to the start. The burn on his face was harder in some senses, but in this sense, it had been
easier, because feeling ugly and ashamed of it had been a punishment, something he was
certain he deserved. There was a logic to it, sick as it was. But the rest of this butchery,
shielded only by thin fabric, was completely senseless, and it made him angry.
He knew now that the anger wasn’t such a bad thing, even if it did frustrate him in its
familiarity. The anger was proof that he hadn’t deserved what happened. Regardless, this was
all he had now. He might as well start living sooner rather than later.
“Fine.” Zuko mumbled, and that was that. He stood and moved so that his toes kissed the
edge of the pond, staring down into the water. Just because he was agreeing to join in didn’t
mean he had to take his shirt off, of course – that had been the whole issue. Either way, he
was abnormal. But he got to choose the abnormality, and these were people he trusted, people
who wouldn’t blame him or say things he couldn’t stand to hear, and besides, he’d already
decided he had something to prove to himself.
Wordlessly, Zuko took his shirt off, placing it away from the water where it could stay dry,
keeping his eyes methodically on his hands the entire time so the others could have a chance
to school any expressions of shock before Zuko turned back to them. He sought out Toph
first, knowing she was safe, knowing she was oblivious to what was being revealed here, and
took a deep breath.
He suddenly remembered being in the Boiling Rock. He'd been so fixated on his mission,
mind a bloody whirlwind of determination, that this exact moment with Sokka hadn’t felt

nearly as difficult as it did with Tomkin and Nanook. There was embarrassment and
vulnerability, sure, both emotions twisting into a too-tight coil within him, but it had also
been over quickly. Sokka asked a single question, and moved on when Zuko refused to
answer. They hadn’t brought it up since. Sokka had seen all of these cuts and burns and
cruelties, and he had answered with a touch that had been too gentle for the moment it existed
in, and when the time came, he gave Zuko another chance regardless. Zuko, who was broken.
Zuko, who was bad. Zuko, who was ugly.
The memory gave him the confidence to finally meet Tomkin and Nanook’s eyes, because if
a boy who owed Zuko less than nothing could meet him with decency, then Zuko knew he
could trust his friends with this. He was holding a shattered ornament in his hands, a mess of
jagged pieces, and carefully, he was showing it to them. Once, maybe, a long time ago, it had
been beautiful.
Tomkin was trying desperately to smile, but it was pained, a deep sadness in his eyes. We are
human beings, he had once said, that means we have scars. But even he couldn’t justify this,
because these were not scars from fighting. Zuko had not been allowed the liberty of
defending himself. Did that make him weak? Did all of these marks come together into words
that read him for a coward, for someone who surrendered? Was that true? He supposed it
was. He had been waiting to die down there. Tovah saving him had been luck and nothing
else.
Watching Tomkin try not to get upset over it made something familiar and cool dip in his gut.
Shame.
He had once found comfort in the legibility of these scars, because they gave him something
grounding. The hurt inside of him was so big, so incomprehensible, that having physical
manifestations of it gave him some sort of validation. See, right here, you’re hurt, that’s why
you feel like this. See, right here, you don’t need to convince anyone, because it’s right here.
There was none of that comfort now, and Zuko had known he would have to just work his
jaw and bear it, but like always he could never anticipate how hard it would be, how helpless
he felt simply just trying to hold his friend’s gaze. He had not done this. This had not been his
fault. But he was the one having to live with it, and Fong got to just be dead, and it made him
so angry in that moment. He didn’t push it away for once, because he had every right to be
angry. Rage, hatred, death – these were easy. Fong got off so easy. But trust, love, living –
these were hard things. They could not just be handed to him, and in a way, that made him
angry too. But anger was not a rejection of healing, it was simply a companion of it. He was
taking the hard path. He was acknowledging that healing was a memory of murder, and he
was pursuing it anyway. It felt so suddenly ridiculous that he had thought he was weak only
moments before, because what could possibly be stronger than looking at the ugliest parts of
yourself and still declaring that you weren’t finished?
He turned next to Nanook, spurred on with a gritty determination. He caught only a glimpse
of proud, blue eyes, like somehow he knew, and then a wave of water splashed directly into
his face.

Zuko spluttered in shock for a moment, before a wild grin overtook him, Toph cackling as
she stomped menacingly into the water. When Zuko shook out his hair to look back at his
friends, they were all smiling, and he couldn’t help but laugh.
“You’re dead, Nan.”
So much for being on his team.
“That was entirely your fault!” Tomkin shouted as they all squelched back to camp, faint
smiles still on their faces even as the wetness of their clothes became unpleasant. At least
Zuko’s shirt had – miraculously – managed to stay dry, despite the all-out battle that had
followed. It had initially been Zuko and Toph against Tomkin and Nanook, right until
Tomkin’s uncanny clumsiness paired with a pretty brutal splash from Toph sent him
careening directly into Nanook, both of them toppling into the water and not resurfacing for a
few very long seconds. But resurface they did, Nanook absolutely enraged by the friendly
fire, and it had pretty much been every man for himself after that. Still, it was decided that
Zuko and Toph had won, and Zuko wasn’t hiding his smugness for anyone’s sake.
“Oh really, Little Tom? It's my fault you fell into me?” Nanook demanded, swiping for the
younger boy but just missing him when Tomkin hopped out of the way, anticipating the
attack. They were descending back into the camp now, Zuko catching sight of where the
adults still sat in the same place they’d been in when they left. Zi Se wasn’t far, laughing with
The Duke and Haru about something.
“How many times do I have to tell you it was an accident?!” Tomkin groaned, wolf tail
dripping down his back and almost completely undone. “You could’ve at least tried to catch
me instead of falling straight down like some useless oaf!”
Nanook inhaled deeply at that, gearing up to shout right back, but the pair were cut off by a
familiar voice.
“What the fuck are you lot screaming about?” Chena snapped, glaring over at the four of
them like they were singlehandedly jeopardising his sanity. Once, a glare like that from
Chena would have frozen Zuko to the spot, feet automatically shifting into a defensive
stance. Now, he could only smirk, the same way Tomkin and Nanook’s bickering once used
to make him tense all over, when now he knew it was all in good faith, and that they would
be back at each other’s side as soon as they grew bored of whatever argument had possessed
them this time.
“And why are you all soaking wet?” Aput asked, frowning.
“We went to the waterfall.” Nanook said, and Tulok huffed a sigh, muttering; “Never should
have told you I found that.”
“They’re now arguing over who’s a bigger idiot.” Toph answered Chena with an arrogant
shrug, because her and the warrior had a weird friendship that seemed entirely built on the
foundations of bullying people.
“That’s mean.” Tomkin pouted, affronted. “You’re mean.”

“She’s also right.” Zuko pointed out, and Tomkin squawked at the betrayal.
“That’s rich coming from the third member of the idiotic trinity.” Chena grumbled, rolling his
eyes in a way that was almost fond, not that Zuko should call him out on it. He rather liked
having all of his limbs. Of course, recklessness in the face of things he shouldn’t do was sort
of Zuko’s whole thing.
“And yet I still had to save your life that one time, so what does that say about you?” Zuko
said easily.
Chena’s expression darkened in immediate rage. “You little brat-.”
Bato burst out laughing, even Kanut’s lips ticking up a fraction. Hakoda looked close to facepalming.
“Just one nice day.” The chief muttered. “Just one. Is that too much to ask?”
Which was exactly when the growing invasion of grey clouds opened up above them, and the
sky began to weep.
It was such a sudden rain. One moment, nothing but steel and a cool breeze. The next, sheets
of rain tumbling to the ground so heavily that Zuko’s single piece of dry clothing became
soaked almost instantly. Hakoda cursed at his own misfortune, earning another cackle from
Bato, and then everyone was moving to get to where their bedrolls were, sheltered from the
sudden torrent. Zuko was no exception, the water piercing coldly until it felt like it was lying
sodden atop his very bones, and he looked around quickly for Zi Se. Almost everyone had
sprinted inside now, the only sounds escaping the rain’s thunderous assault against the earth
that of laughter and surprise, but there was Zi Se, still out in the clearing where Aang trained,
and he wasn’t moving. The kid just stood there, utterly still, head bowed a little and tiny
hands held in front of him to cup the water gathered there, and he couldn’t tear his eyes away.
“Zi Se!” Zuko called, jogging over, wanting to get inside and dry and warm as soon as
possible.
Zi Se turned to him then, blinking rain from his eyelashes, and Zuko froze moments before
swooping to pick the kid up.
On his face was the softest smile Zuko had seen on Zi Se, and before he could question it, the
little boy let out an overjoyed giggle.
“It’s raining.” He said, almost a whisper, but over a downpour, over a cell’s shadows, Zuko
could always hear Zi Se, and he smiled, nodding.
“Yeah.” He breathed. “Yeah, it is.”
And oh, that was when the deluge hit him, because they had spent four months sealed from
the sky. Zi Se was so young, still had such a feeble grasp of his own memories. Did he even
remember the last monsoon season? Did he know the way water pounded into the earth, so
shameless to the other elements, carving a world for itself through a liquid so clear, so

smooth, so easy? Did he know what it was to stand beneath a bleeding sky and let it soak you
fully? Did he know how to just so helplessly be possessed by something so much greater than
yourself?
When Zuko was a child, he used to sleep by the windows during monsoon season.
Sometimes he’d get away with it, curled up beneath those thick, expensive curtains, the
lightning flashing bright across his skin, rain curling its fingers down the glass. He liked the
noise. It was wild, and there was something soothing in that. There was no complexity to
rain. It fell where it fell. Neither good nor bad, simply there. No one ever tried to temper a
storm. And that moment, Zuko felt like he was floating between each individual drop of rain.
He could feel his heart beating in his chest, a firm, steady, if not a little fast pace, but entirely
his own, blood easing through his limbs and into his fingers that reached up to shove his
sopping hair from his face. All of him was alive and electric and he was so small, this was
not something he had to control because rain would forever choose where it fell, just like so
many other things in this life, like a waterfall carved into the earth, like a moment of beauty
created and snatched away in an instant between shadows, because this was a world of
duality. He was angry and hurt and healing, and it was also raining, and those things were
happening at the same time. The strength of the things within him didn’t make the rain any
weaker, and no matter how hard it rained, it wouldn’t weaken the things within him. It was
just simply that something good was currently existing with the bad, and something good
would always be happening somewhere in every moment of his life. A world within a world.
It made him want to tip back his head and laugh.
The problem had always been the enormity of this trauma. There was so much to do and
Zuko didn’t know where to start, leaving him stood in a wreckage unable to do anything but
stare, angry that he couldn’t just start tidying, ashamed that someone might see the mess,
hateful that it had been ruined in the first place. But it didn’t have to be so large. Zuko was
not trying to heal the world. He was not trying to eradicate pain in its entirety; he was not
trying to heal every single child. This was only his trauma, and he was only one boy. It was
manageable. A world within a world, one so much smaller than fear and hatred, one Zuko
was in control of because it was his.
He was going to make his world better. It was not selfish to focus on himself, and the shame
that choked him, that whispered to him that to heal was to betray his own memory, was
wrong.
In Zuko’s world, he had scars all over his body, and he could also laugh with his friends. It
was so very easy to be angry, to be hurt, but this world was going to be better. Zuko was
going to fill this life with love if it killed him. He would not be able to see for fondness and
friendship, and he would learn kindness until it no longer felt like a mother tongue that had
been ripped from his mouth. This world would be fluent in it, and things would be gentle, and
when Zuko woke every morning, he was going to take a moment. I am going to be okay, he
would say, and he would believe it.
Or even, the harder of the two lessons, I deserve to be okay.
This time around, Zuko got to be happy.

“Dude, you’re gonna get sick if you stay out here!” A voice suddenly burst through the
torrential completeness of the rain, and Zuko turned to see Sokka running towards him,
expression a strange mix of annoyed and concerned. Zuko couldn’t help himself; he smiled at
Sokka, letting out a weak laugh.
Sokka stopped in his tracks.
Zuko realised suddenly that Sokka had given him a second chance, but he had not forgiven
him. Zuko knew this, and Sokka had been so honest about it, but he was only now realising
why.
Sokka hadn’t forgiven him because Zuko hadn’t given him the chance to. Not once through
all of this had Zuko said sorry. He’d apologised to Katara, to Aang, to Hakoda more times
than he could count, but never Sokka. Sokka, who had seen Zuko’s ugliness in ways no one
else had, in ways even Zuko was still discovering. Sokka, who had stayed by his side
regardless, mostly reluctantly, but this morning he had been willing and cocksure and
grinning. He felt so much sudden gratitude for this boy that it almost buckled him, and Zuko
was talking before he could think of what to say. Messily, unpractised, but he was talking.
“I’m sorry.” He blurted out, and Sokka’s lips parted in surprise. “I never apologised for
everything I put you through, with Aang and then in the Boiling Rock. I was so angry back
then, and with Fong...” Zuko swallowed the taste of the name, remembering a library, Fong’s
sneering face, a boomerang suddenly whooshing into view. Zuko would be dead without
Sokka. “I shouldn’t have dragged you into that mess.”
Sokka blinked, the rain making his dark hair plaster to his forehead, and he didn’t just take
Zuko’s words, didn’t just cast them aside so things could be easier. Zuko could see that mind
of his ticking through it all, considering, weighing, before he threw him that infuriating
smirk, blue eyes crinkling.
“Pretty sure I blackmailed you into my mess too, Zuko, Fire Nation.” He said, and Zuko let
out a surprised laugh, something warm and happy embracing him despite the chill of water
sliding over his skin.
“I wanted to thank you, too.” Zuko said, because it just felt so easy with Sokka. Sokka, who
was so casual and annoying. Sokka, who would not give Zuko anything he thought he didn’t
deserve. “Thank you for not just giving me a second chance out of pity. You're right, what
you said earlier. Sometimes... Sometimes, people are too nice. They acted like what I went
through was an instant justification for what I put others through, and that’s not okay. Thank
you for sticking to that, even when the others tried to get you not to.” Zuko let out another
breathless laugh here, tipping his head back a little and letting the water scrub him clean.
“You know, in a way, it makes you feel like the only authentic thing here,” he met his gaze
again then, smirking, an inside joke, a step in the right direction, “Sokka, Water Tribe.”
Zuko indulged in the rain, let himself feel it, let his eyes slip closed to the sound of Zi Se
laughing as he jumped in a puddle. He didn’t notice Sokka gawking at him. He didn’t
question his silence.
____

From where the others sheltered beneath the main camp’s overhang, Bato and Kanut watched
two teenagers and a little boy laugh in the rain, words exchanged that were lost on them so
far away.
“Idiots.” Kanut muttered.
He was not talking about their insistence of standing in a downpour.
Bato smiled knowingly, and nodded in agreement.
And later when Sokka was alone, shivering close to the fire and snuggling deeper into his
sleeping bag, clothes fresh and blessedly dry, his family sleeping around him and the rain
pattering soothingly outside, he would deny to himself that he had ever been rendered utterly,
uselessly, unforgivably speechless by Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation.

Chapter End Notes

Tomkin's Guide To Fraternising With Your Enemies And Waterboarding Your Allies
hope you enjoyed <3

Chapter 40: ii. The Brotherhood Of The Travelling Sexuality
Book
Chapter Notes

hiiiiiiiiii blorbos from my life you're probably thinking 'wow taob has taken four months
to update that means this chapter will be really thought-out and well written' and you'd
be right! i didn't write 6k words of this 15k chapter in a single day that day being today
because that would be crazy and irresponsible. anyway GAY CHAPTER OUT DURING
PRIDE MONTH YOU LOVE TO SEE IT HAPPY PRIDE TO ALL MY
FRUITCAKES. i love the current trend of taob where each new chapter is zuko looking
at a new part of himself that he hates and going ‘i cannot be bothered to deal with this
rn’ and the water tribe going ‘suck it up baby!’ today we are tackling: gay people.
i love you lights of my life ty for all your comments and for how patient you all are even
while i refuse to have a single ounce of time management in my body, have a lovely day
and until the next VERY eventful chapter bc our quiet little stint at the air temple is
about to get popped between the eyes, remember to not do anything i wouldn't do <3
also if at any point during the reading of this chapter you go ‘hey did bato just call chena
a butch lesbian’ then I need you to just mind your business and keep scrolling

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Bato and Kanut, past
Bato was lucky. He was born into steady skies and a waiting village. He was blessed with a
family who loved him and gave him freedom. He was confident and happy and he made
friends easily. All of these fortunes blanketed him through his life, and he had been wrapped
so tenderly since the day of his birth that he hadn’t even noticed their weight. Not until
Kanut, a cold little boy, chattering teeth revealed in a snarl of unfriendliness. Kanut was born
into a snowstorm and his father’s absence. His family was a curse of anger, and Kanut was
quiet, sharp, and he had no one for a very long time.
Bato was lucky, but he could also be oblivious sometimes, and it took him a long time to
realise just how far the warmth of his personal fortunes had travelled into his bones, and its
subsequent absence in a boy like Kanut, who had never felt that warmth, his prickly friend
who sometimes seemed like such an enigma to Bato that he would wonder if he even knew
him at all. Bato did not often realise that this luck he had been born into was just that; luck. It
was not a given. It was not an aspect of life everyone was fortunate enough to partake in.
Every day with Kanut reminded him of that. Every tiny piece of himself he tentatively
offered Hakoda and Bato that they hoarded like the determined, curious, overprotective
children they were.

Still, discoveries stepped aside for familiarity. Careful conversation became year's worth of
friendship, and they became teenagers – taller, broader, louder. Bato supposed it made him
arrogant. Hakoda and Kanut. Kanut and Hakoda. These were two boys Bato had been joined
with, wild grins and laughter. Hakoda was a strategist. Kanut was a reader. Bato stood
between them as a diplomat and a hopeless flirt. They would bicker and roughhouse and sulk.
They all liked to fix things.
Bato had thought he knew his friends entirely, but it was a youthful arrogance, the same
arrogance that led him to believe, with the puffed chest of a teenager thinking himself a man,
that he knew himself entirely too. One day, Kanna got a new book with her latest shipment,
and both beliefs were shattered in Bato’s mind.
There was nothing about this book that separated it from the rest, though Bato wasn’t a reader
in the way Kanut was, and tended to share that sentiment with every book he came across.
Bato read to be smart, to always have an edge, but truthfully, he thought the lettering and
words were a little pointless. He liked tradition. He liked talking. He was very good at
talking.
Kanut wasn’t, and said nothing as he did his usual routine of inspecting each book Kanna had
received with an almost clinical concentration. It was a little terrifying to watch sometimes,
but Bato had long since exhausted the comedic potential of his friend’s terminal nerdiness.
That didn’t stop him trying.
“Do you think Kya was looking at me earlier?” Hakoda asked with the dejected tone of a boy
who knew full well that Kya was not, in fact, looking at him earlier. The three of them were
in his tent, Bato idly poking the burning fire he’d sat himself beside, Kanut busy with his
books and Hakoda lying gracelessly on the floor, glaring at the roof of the tent like it might
explain the mystery of girls everywhere to him.
“Do you think Kanut is going to marry his library before you work up the nerve to talk to
her?” Bato asked, matching Hakoda’s put-out tone and biting back a smile when it earnt him
a withering glare. He waited for Kanut’s scathing response, always sharper than Hakoda with
his insults, but nothing came, and Bato threw a curious glance over his shoulder to Kanut’s
little corner. Kanut was two years younger than Bato. At the time, it felt like a decade, all of
his sixteen winters stacked against Kanut’s measly fourteen. It didn’t help that Bato had shot
up in height and muscle while Kanut had remained his gangly self. Now, he sat amongst his
books, skinny with a natural inclination to hunch over himself a little, like he was trying to
look smaller than he was, though that white hair of his always gave him away, falling to his
chin. Some of the villagers thought it was a bad omen, a touch of the brutal ice they all
fought to survive, a kiss of the snowstorm Kanut had been born into and carried within him
as he grew.
Kanut was holding a book – to the surprise of absolutely no one – and was flicking through
it, brow furrowed, completely distracted, gripping the dark green cover like he might clutch it
to his chest at any moment. He hadn’t even heard Bato’s excellent joke, and Bato pouted at
the injustice. He was wasted on these two. He didn’t think much of the book; it wasn’t
exactly rare for Kanut to lose focus like this when he was reading. In fact, he made an active
point of doing so whenever he deemed Hakoda and Bato as being particularly annoying.

Bato could be oblivious sometimes, but he was also perceptive when it came to people. He
saw them as Hakoda saw maps and plans; coherent and utterly open, even when they tried
not to be. The little green book kept making an appearance, shoved deep into the pockets of
Kanut’s parka or held so close to his face as he huddled in a corner that Bato thought he
might hurt his eyes. He didn’t think much of it at first, assuming that this book must just be
interesting, and that Kanut had found his latest favourite, but he noticed that whenever he
came too close, Kanut would snap the book shut, holding it to his chest defensively.
That was unusual. One of Bato’s favourite things was watching the way Kanut relaxed when
he talked about his books, the small smile on his lips, the flicker of genuine delight in his
eyes. He would ask questions and it was one of the few things Kanut let himself indulge in.
But this, it seemed, was something the other boy was not willing to share.
Part of Bato wanted to be hurt, but mostly, he was intrigued, and he knew with Kanut that
sometimes the only thing to do was wait, to not push. It wasn’t Bato’s preferred technique,
but he could be patient when he needed to be.
It was that patience that led to Kanut’s misstep. He relaxed, he grew sloppy, and Bato didn’t
miss anything, didn’t miss the day they were messing around in the snowbanks, drawing
increasingly crude things in the soft snow and saying they resembled one another. They were
laughing, and then they were called back for food. It was an old argument by now, one they
had daily and would continue to have well into adulthood.
“I got it last time.” Bato said immediately upon hearing Kanna’s call.
“My mom doesn’t like us eating out here anyway.” Hakoda scowled, shoving Bato into the
snow. “Why can’t we just go eat with the others instead of bringing it out here? I'm always
the one who gets chewed out for it at the end of the day.”
“And we all note your worthy sacrifice.” Kanut said with a sharp grin. Despite his usually
sensible nature, this was something he agreed with Bato on. He liked eating out on the
snowbanks, not out of sight of the village lest Kanna come chasing after them, but still in
their own little corner of the world. Kanut often did anything he could to stay as far from
home for as long as possible.
“Why are you siding with him?” Hakoda cried in dismay, proceeding to try and push Kanut
into the snow right next to Bato, earning a barked laugh and a thump to the side from the
other boy, who had taken to using his smaller size to his advantage. “It’s your turn to go get it
if you’re going to insist we eat here.”
While they scuffled, a now familiar green book fell out of Kanut’s pocket. He didn’t notice.
Bato didn’t say anything.
“He’s right, Kanut. Run along now.” Bato shooed him away. “I want sea prunes.”
Hakoda perked up. “Oh! Get me some arctic hen! But don’t touch the five flavour soup; I
heard Aput’s learning to make it and I don’t trust him.”

“Don’t trust him, or don’t trust the way Kya swoons around him?” Bato asked innocently,
and this time, Hakoda shoved him so hard that he knocked his head.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever.” Kanut huffed, stomping away. “Don’t kill each other while I'm
gone.”
Hakoda immediately began an impassioned rant about the most beautiful girl in the village
who, by the way, was yet to look twice at him, and he didn’t notice a thing when Bato
surreptitiously leaned over and plucked the book from the snow.
Later, when the village was sleeping and Bato was alone, he fished the book from his pocket
and held it to the dying light of the fire in his family’s tent. He squinted, trying to make sense
of the overzealous font on the cover. It was written in white ink, bright against the dark green
background, catching orange on the flickering fire. A Study Of Expression And Identity
Across The Nations, by Yi-Ren Cheng. Bato frowned, reading the title a few times for good
measure. It was clunkier than a lot of the things he was used to reading, and his frown only
deepened as he flicked through the pages, blue eyes catching on words like orientation and
sexuality.
While these words weren’t completely foreign to Bato, they were bookish, almost formal,
rarely used in conversation, and he couldn’t help but deflate a little. He'd hoped Kanut had
been reading something interesting, like a wild fantasy novel to completely juxtapose his
stoic nature that Bato could tease him endlessly about. Instead, all Bato had was this smartaleck encyclopaedia about expression. He sighed, easing back a little more into his bedroll to
get comfortable, giving up on the prospect of finding out what was ticking behind Kanut’s
sharp blues eyes and instead reading idly. He wasn’t tired, and it offered a way to pass the
time.
He flicked to a random page and paused in surprise.
Different types of attraction, the latest chapter boasted as a bold title, and Bato frowned,
because he had always thought attraction was rather simple. Bato liked the way girls laughed,
liked the way their hands would weave, liked the way they rolled their eyes at his flirting.
Bato liked the hard set of Aput’s shoulders, liked the shamelessness of masculinity, liked the
warmth of hunting close together. This, he knew, was attraction. He had always assumed that
it was the same way Hakoda felt attraction, with his endless sonnets about Kya, and the same
as Kanut, who didn’t say much of anything about anyone unless to tear them apart in one of
his and Bato’s brutal gossip sessions. Kanut was notoriously reclusive, and Hakoda was too
besotted with Kya to notice anyone else, but it hadn’t ever made Bato doubt the certainty of
universal attraction.
He doubted it now, as he continued to read, sleep forgotten and frown returning. There were
entire pages that felt like they had dipped beneath Bato’s skin and started taking his own
blood as ink, describing specific feelings he’d never thought anything of and giving them
strange labels that felt less and less strange the more he read. According to the book, not
everyone was attracted to more than one type of person. Some people only liked girls, some
people only liked boys, and Bato liked... Well, Bato liked everyone. It was not unusual. It was
not bad. It just was.

Bato had never particularly felt like something was missing from his life, but a warm comfort
began to swell inside him, a sense of satisfaction, of completeness. Life was not quite as
simple as he had thought it was when he woke up this morning, but he had his place in it. He
could point to these sentences and say look, here, that’s where I fit. He felt a small smile on
his face and was content to finally get some sleep when he noticed that a section of the book
had been heavily dog-eared near the end, the spine folding easily here, like it had been
opened on these pages a thousand times. He'd underestimated this little book before, and
turned to the well-worn section eagerly. When the words were inevitably strange to him, he
didn’t give up, instead continuing to read. He noticed certain sentences had been underlined
by careful ink. Lack of romantic attraction. Lack of sexual attraction. Entire pages
bookmarked despite Kanut’s usual reverence of books that refused to let him crease the paper
like this. Everything about this section seemed to have been consumed almost feverishly, a
desperate scramble for information. It wasn’t like Kanut at all. Kanut, who was always so
calm, so composed.
Until he was passionate about something, Bato thought slowly, remembering the flash of
delight in Kanut’s eyes when he talked about his books. Kanut was raised to stomp down on
feelings, to stay quiet, to internalise. It had taken him years to simply talk about the things he
loved without silencing himself, without thinking that Hakoda and Bato were going to shut
him down or tell him he was stupid. Kanut simply didn’t offer himself up, not like Bato did
so easily, because Bato was lucky. Bato was raised to always shamelessly, indubitably be
himself. Kanut was raised hatefully, angrily, with bloody knuckles and the smell of rum.
There was no love there. Not from his father, and not for himself.
Feelings were handled clumsily. Bato was so proud of his friend for the way he had gradually
crept from his shell. These things that came so easily to Bato were terrifying to Kanut, but
still, the other boy braved it for them. When he let himself indulge, it was with an almost
defensive savageness. Tell me to be quiet, Kanut’s eyes always seemed to snarl, sharp and
feral, I know how to make it hurt. They never wanted silence from him though, and he was
starting to believe it, but this wild annotation in Bato’s hands, this desperate consumption of
sentences and paragraphs that were no more than words to Bato – it was explicit, undeniable.
Kanut saw himself here, just as Bato had in the earlier pages. They existed together in this
little book, and Kanut hadn’t spoken about it yet because he didn’t know how, instead
hoarding it to himself. Bato didn’t know why it was a big deal because Bato was lucky, he
knew that now, he saw it.
So, Bato would wait for a chance, and he would hope against hope that Kanut would keep
being brave, that Yutu had not got his claws into this too.
The next day saw the three of them back on the snowbanks. Hakoda hummed an old song to
himself while sharpening stones into spearheads, one of Kanna’s favourite songs that when
sung properly told the story of a boy who braved a snowstorm. Bato was leaning back on his
mittened hands, staring at the sky. It was summer, and his father always told him not to stare
at the sky during these months. It was too bright, and he would hurt himself, but Bato was
stubborn and didn’t like being told he couldn’t do something. He was getting a headache.

“I’m going to talk to her today.” Hakoda declared suddenly, and Kanut frowned over at him
from where he had been drawing circles in the snow.
“You say that every day.” He pointed out.
Hakoda was undeterred, sitting straighter. “I mean it this time. I’m gonna do it.”
Bato, like Kanut, had heard this a thousand times before, and blinked slowly at Hakoda,
trying to stop the surroundings from swimming the moment he looked away from the sharp
sky. Maybe his father had a point. To his surprise, when his vision cleared, Hakoda was
standing, resolute and determined.
“I can do this,” Hakoda said, “I’ll just go up to her and I’ll ask about her day, right? That'll
work?”
“What exactly are you trying to achieve?” Kanut asked. Bato couldn’t help but watch him a
little closer upon last night’s discovery, noting any uncertainty, any signs that his friend was
uncomfortable with the topic, but Kanut was as stoic as ever.
“I want to woo her, Kanut, isn’t it obvious?” Hakoda sighed dramatically, beginning to pace,
one hand tangled in his hair.
“But you ask me about my day all the time.” Kanut pointed out. “Why is it such a big deal
with her?”
Hakoda misunderstood his bluntness as judgement and huffed angrily. “Because I just get all
nervous and I start rambling and I-,” he crossed his arms, glaring childishly at Kanut, “where
do you propose I start then?”
Kanut floundered then, opening his mouth as if to say something and then shutting it again,
like a particularly well-read fish. His inability to respond frustrated him, Bato could tell in the
way Kanut immediately frowned, looking down at his hands as if suddenly deep in thought.
His wit was usually something he could rely on, but not today it seemed.
“Exactly!” Hakoda said in response to Kanut’s lack of response, sounding pleased with
himself. “You’re just as stumped when it comes to romance as I am!”
Bato had to bite his cheek to stop himself from reacting to the crass idiocy of Hakoda’s
comment, and then it hit him that this was far from the first time they’d spoken like this
around Kanut. Hakoda had been pining for Kya for years, and Bato got crushes as regularly
as infants got colds. This kind of love, this romance and underlying physicality to it all,
offhanded comments about who looked attractive that day and incensed ramblings about
fluttering stomachs and skipped heartbeats – it all seemed like such a given, such a necessary
part of adolescence. Up until last night, Bato hadn’t even realised it was possible to not feel
such things, but then again, up until last night, Bato had looked at the way he was attracted to
everyone and thought it was the exact same as the way Hakoda was attracted to girls.
It was not that Kanut was abnormal, but simply that Bato’s definition of normal had been
wrong. He realised that now, thanks to that book – Kanut was going to be so smug when the

dust finally settled and he could brag about the powers of literature – but he still had an awful
feeling that Kanut didn’t realise that, that Kanut thought he was abnormal, that he thought
this was something to be ashamed of. Yutu hadn’t given Kanut the tools to cope with a thing
like this, and Kanut was always so cruel to himself. Bato wouldn’t let him get away with it.
“Hakoda,” Bato said quickly, before the silence stretched for too long, throwing an uneasy
glance at Kanut’s defensive expression, “why don’t you go and talk to Kya now? Like right
now.”
Hakoda stilled, “What?”
“You heard me.” Bato grinned. “Don’t want to get cold feet now, do you?”
Kanut half-heartedly threw a snowball at Hakoda’s shin with a bitten off smirk, the snow
falling over Hakoda’s mukluks, and Hakoda glared at the pair like they were singlehandedly
ageing him prematurely.
“Go on, lover boy, you’re grossing us out.” Kanut said, and Bato was glad that years of
ganging up on Hakoda made it an instinct of Kanut’s to immediately side with Bato. Little
did he know he was walking himself directly into a conversation about identity and, Spirits
forbid, feelings. If anything was going to gross Kanut out, it would be that.
“You know what?” Hakoda puffed out his chest, face suddenly turning determined, “I will.
I’m gonna do it.”
Bato raised an eyebrow. Kanut didn’t even try and hide his scoff. Hakoda was undeterred by
their clear lack of faith in him, and to everyone’s surprise, he stomped off. Bato decided that
Hakoda would get as far as his mother’s tent before cowardice crept up to him and he ducked
out, and the thought made him smile fondly as he watched his friend go.
“Moron,” Kanut observed, and Bato knew he shared his fondness.
“I wanted to talk to you alone, actually.” Bato said, and another day, he might have laughed at
the speed at which Kanut’s head snapped to scrutinise him, immediately critical. Bato rolled
his eyes at the display. “Yes, yes, it’s a great honour to be alone with me and the subject of
my attention, try and swallow your admiration.”
Kanut relaxed with a barked laugh, leaning back on his hands to feign casualness, but Bato
could see the way the other boy’s blue eyes stayed narrowed on him, like he half expected
Bato to strike out in some way.
Instead, Bato wordlessly reached into his pocket and placed a familiar green book on the
snow between them.
It was silent for a few moments, but Bato had predicted the crash, and when it hit, it hit like a
punch, messy and mean, a rush of movement and Kanut snatched the book up, already on his
feet, seething.

“You went through my things.” He snarled, that anger radiating from him, because he didn’t
know how else to navigate the world. His expression fractured with it, a cruel mimicry of the
man Bato knew he wasn’t, a storm of rage and at the centre of it, always at the centre of it,
was hurt, was betrayal, was fear.
Bato hated that Kanut might be scared of him, even if it was just a fear of what he now knew
Bato had found out, because there was no misunderstanding what Bato had seen in that book,
but he stayed calm, kept his posture relaxed and unthreatening, refusing to stand even as
Kanut loomed over him.
“I read it last night,” Bato said lightly, “I learnt a lot, about me but maybe about you too,
right?”
It was clumsier than he intended, but this was more raw that he expected, for himself as much
as Kanut. He remembered how comforted he felt last night, seeing himself in that book, and
that was when Bato had never really felt any sort of absence or oddness. It was just
something so... personal. He wanted to do this right, for both of them.
Kanut immediately shuttered off, expression going blank and cold, but Bato saw a flicker of
hesitation.
“About you?” He asked, careful, so careful.
Bato nodded. “I don’t just like girls.”
“I already knew that, so did you.” Kanut pointed out.
“But it’s not the same for everyone. It's not the same for Hakoda.” Bato hesitated here, before
pushing forward, determined. “It’s not the same for you.”
Part of him thought that maybe he’d been wrong about this, that he’d jumped to conclusions
based on a few annotations in a random book, that Kanut was getting defensive because he
was confused, but the moment those words left Bato’s mouth, he knew he had been right.
Kanut went rigid, lips parting as if to say something, to spit out some insult to get Bato away
from him, maybe to cut him off entirely, but nothing came out, like he’d simply stopped
working.
Bato remembered what he’d thought earlier, about being patient, and decided to let the
silence sit, to let Kanut come to him. It was the breaking point and he knew that, and he hated
feeling like he wasn’t doing anything, like he was letting it happen, but he also knew Kanut.
Kanut was sharp and knowledgeable about the most ridiculous things and he always picked
the mushrooms out of his food partly because he hated them and partly because Hakoda
loved them and he was funny and kind in clumsy, messy ways with scarred hands that hadn’t
been shown the same kindness. Kanut was Bato’s friend, and that was a love in and of itself,
just as stupid and all-consuming as a crush.
Bato was scared that Kanut would walk away from him now, that Yutu’s rage would guide
those hands into fists and leave Bato reaching out to the air, but still, he waited, and it was
quiet, and he waited.

And Kanut, slowly, sat back down beside Bato.
“I think maybe it’s because I'm younger than you two.” Kanut said, rubbing his nose with a
rough sniff, “A late bloomer.”
“Maybe,” Bato hummed, something burning inside him that felt an awful lot like pride, “do
you really think that?”
Kanut was quiet, and Bato had his answer.
“You read that book, Kanut.” Bato said sternly, “It’s just another label. It's not bad. It's just
who you are, and if it’s part of you, then how could anyone ever hate it?”
“You saying no one’s allowed to hate me now?” Kanut tried for a smirk, but it was off, weak.
Bato smiled for both of them, “You bet. And Hakoda will legislate it when he becomes
chief.”
“Yet you two bully me daily,” Kanut pointed out.
“We’re exempt,” Bato grinned, nudging Kanut’s shoulder, “we’re your biggest fans.”
“Those are completely juxtaposing statements.”
“Shush with your big words, nerd.”
“Says the asshole who stole my book.”
Bato flapped a hand in Kanut’s direction. “Simple research for the Kanut Fan Club.”
Finally, Kanut laughed, giving Bato a small smile, but it was real, that fear fleeing his gaze a
little. They sat in the innocence of it a moment, but Bato felt it freezing over, saw Kanut’s
smile slowly fall again, becoming a frown as he stared at his hands, like he was struggling
over something. Again, Bato waited. He'd wait until the sun was swallowed by the winter if
he had to.
“Bato?”
“Yeah?”
“Do you think if I... if it’s true, if I'm never gonna feel that way for someone, not in any
capacity... do you think it’s because...” He trailed off, frustrated, unable to find the words, but
Bato hated how hurt he sounded, like an open wound no one had seen bleeding.
Kanut schooled his features, staring at the ice around them with a sudden grit, yet refusing to
meet Bato’s eye.
“There’s a coldness in me. I know there is, has been since I was a kid. It's in my family. I was
born into a snowstorm, and I fell into the ice that time, and I think it just... it sits in me.” He
tugged at his fingers, never tearing his glare away from the tundra. “Kanna taught me about

hyperthermia patients not long ago. Did you know that warming them too fast can kill them?
It sends their body into shock, or all the cold blood gets driven to the heart until it fails.”
Bato listened, nerves gnawing at him. “What are you getting at?”
“I just think... do you think that’s why I'm like this? I know it sounds stupid but I just,” he
raised a shaking hand to rub at his chest, like his heart was burning beneath his furs, “I just
think the cold got in too deep, that I'm just... incapable of love now, that if I felt it properly,
I'd reject it.”
It clicked into place for Bato all at once, and he was overwhelmed by how awful it was that
Kanut could ever think that, how awful it was that Bato had ever for a moment let him think
that, even accidentally.
Bato swallowed, before grabbing Kanut’s wrist and forcing him to hold his resolute gaze,
ferocious in a way that almost scared Bato a little. Kanut looked like he’d been caught
stealing, all wide-eyed and guilty, ashamed.
“Do you remember a few weeks ago when Tulok told us he wasn’t sleeping well? He said it
so casually, I don’t even think he was talking to us, but do you remember what you did?”
Bato held Kanut tighter, firmer, as if he could force his friend to listen, to understand, to just
see what he saw so clearly. “You spent the rest of the day finding all of those herbs even
though some of them only grow miles from the village, and you made him a sleeping
draught. He was so touched and you acted so tough, like it wasn’t a big deal.”
“Because it wasn’t,” Kanut insisted, trying to tug his wrist out of Bato’s unrelenting grip.
“But that’s exactly it, Kanut. It wasn’t a big deal. Not to you. You just did it because it was
something you could do to help. We're not even that good friends with Tulok.”
Kanut rolled his eyes, grumbling. “I don't see how this is-.”
“And last year, when I got really into helping make clothes.” Bato kept going, “I wasn’t very
good, and you moaned about how often I'd talk about it, but you taught me how to do
beadwork. You played it off, said it was because of your sister that you knew how, but then I
found an entire book on it that you’d gotten specifically. And every time Chena tried to make
fun of me for it, you’d cut him down. You wouldn’t even hesitate.”
Kanut flushed then, turning up his nose in retaliation, but he gave up trying to pull away.
“Whatever. It was just a dumb book, and Chena’s an easy target.”
Bato smiled. “You really don’t get it, do you? You love so completely, Kanut. You speak it
differently than some people, but you care, and you’re kind, and you’re good, and we can
hear you regardless,” Bato nudged their shoulders together again, “loud and clear.”
“And maybe there are types of love that you can’t access,” Bato continued softly, “but there
are so many types that you can. You do.” He shrugged, “Who cares if you don’t want to fuck
someone?”

Kanut groaned loudly, shoving Bato off him. “You were doing so well.”
“What?!” Bato grinned evilly. “Did I ruin it? Is this why you always get so sniffy when we
bring up sex stuff?”
“Sex stuff,” Kanut muttered, horrified.
“And you got all quiet when I had a crush on Aput that one time! Everything makes sense
now.” Bato said, pointing at Kanut and earning a slap to the hand.
“Had a crush on Aput?” Kanut asked, raising a disbelieving eyebrow, and Bato spluttered at
the sudden accusation, but he took the hit to his pride, because that sharp glint to Kanut’s eye,
the curve of his smile – it was familiar, and Bato knew his friend was okay. It wouldn’t be so
easy; Kanut’s fears wouldn’t vanish after a single conversation, and this was only the first
step on a long journey.
Still, Bato smiled, because he had no intention of going anywhere.
Sokka and Zuko, present
It makes you feel like the only authentic thing here. It had been two days since Zuko, casual
and rain-soaked, had said that to him, and Sokka hadn’t been able to stop turning the words
around in his mind since. It shouldn’t have been a big deal, and that was the part that grated
on him. He just couldn’t figure it out, and that had always been the problem with Zuko, right?
Sokka solved problems, and Zuko was an enigma he couldn’t get a handle on, and what
started as curiosity in the Boiling Rock and had grown into something really fucking
annoying when Zuko joined their little group at the Western Air Temple, had now progressed
into something... else. It was a recent development. Maybe it started when they had their big
talk, when Sokka had said how he felt and Zuko – inexplicable, golden-eyed, piece of shit
Zuko – had listened. Or maybe it wasn’t that. Maybe it was the parts of Sokka’s day he
realised he was starting to look forward to a little, when he brought Zuko food and he got to
watch as it slowly, slowly got easier for the other boy, when he talked and talked and Zuko
snapped at him and they ribbed each other and it always seemed to dance a fine line between
banter and insults but never crossed it.
Zuko was funny. It was not a revelation Sokka had been expecting from their new food
arrangement. Zuko was quick-tempered and growly and he could be really horrible, had been
really horrible, but he was also trying really hard to be good, and for a while now Sokka had
felt some twisted, complicated respect for Zuko that wove around his lungs and only seemed
to tighten with each passing day he watched the firebender try so, so hard to do right by the
people around him. And Zuko was funny. Sometimes. He didn’t mean to be, and maybe that’s
why Sokka found him funny, and when Sokka told jokes, Zuko didn’t always get them,
which was fine because Sokka was a funny guy with an endless comedic arsenal, but when
Zuko did get the joke, his mouth would twitch like he was fighting back a smile, and it had
become a conscious goal of Sokka’s to bring that expression out of the other boy as much as
possible. Tomkin and Nanook could make Zuko laugh easy enough, and the adults all
brought out this specific brand of Stupid Dopey Smile from Zuko that Sokka had to look
away from, but something about the way Zuko laughed at Sokka’s jokes was different. He

was reluctant, because it was Sokka and even though they were friends (?) now there was still
that underlying rivalry and need to one-up each other at every turn, and it made that tiny
smile, those bitten back scoffs, feel earned and fleeting and Sokka was a little obsessed with
it and he didn’t know why.
Listen, Sokka wasn’t an idiot. He knew he’d liked boys for months now. He was embarrassed
about how he figured it out, something to do with a guy whose name rhymed with Bet, or
Regret – Sokka patted himself on the back for that one – but safe to say, it hadn’t been a huge
deal, more like a puzzle piece finally slotting into place after he’d spent so many years
jamming it into the wrong ends and wondering what the picture was. Since figuring that out,
a lot of things about him that he’d left to gather dust started to make sense, like how he
always used to follow Nanook about, and why he didn’t turn tail and run the moment his
instincts started to knuckle down on Jet. So yeah, Sokka liked boys, and Sokka liked girls,
but Sokka did not like Zuko. Not like that. They could hardly even figure out this weird
friendship they had going on. If Sokka hadn’t been able to think of anything to say – not a
single damn word, really? - when Zuko stood with him in the rain, if Sokka’s mind kept
drifting to that flash of collarbone and sleep-mussed laughter, if he sometimes caught himself
remembering a too-small cupboard in the Boiling Rock, then that was a purely physical thing.
He was smart and mature and could admit that he found Zuko attractive in an entirely
detached, impersonal way. He was also a teenage boy, which meant such a stupid thing could
fluster him from time to time. Shit happens. Sue him. It didn’t have to mean anything-.
“Hey, smartass, it wasn’t a difficult question.” Bato’s grating voice cut through Sokka’s spiel,
and he blinked, head snapping to the tribesman in question that had caused this whole spiral
in the first place.
“I’m thinking.” Sokka snapped, angrier than he ought to have been but he couldn’t bring
himself to feel bad, not when Bato had opened his big mouth and forced Sokka to think about
Zuko like... that.
“I literally just asked if you liked the guy,” Bato sighed, admiring his cuticles, “you don’t
need to have a breakdown over it.”
Sokka grit his teeth, glaring at the boy in question. Zuko and Aang were stood in a clearing in
front of where Bato and Sokka had sat to spectate, going through some firebending katas,
blissfully out of earshot. Sokka had been here first, by the way, but apparently, Bato didn’t
care for that, sitting himself down and immediately chatting as much shit as feasibly possible.
It had started simple, Bato asking why Sokka was watching the firebending to begin with,
and when Sokka had given some flimsy excuse about keeping an eye on things, blue stare
following the fire, Bato’s expression had taken on a dark understanding. That was the last
moment of seriousness Sokka would get from the older man, because it was clear that Bato
was bored, and a bored Bato was a very dangerous thing.
“You know, from an entirely political point of view, you are the next generation of Water
Tribe,” Bato said, feigning aloofness, though his stare held a pinpoint accuracy, “and there is
a big chance Prince Zuko will one day be Fire Lord Zuko.”
“So what, you going to marry me off?” Sokka scoffed, part of him wanting to be embarrassed
they were having this conversation, the other half too aware of how ridiculous it was to even

care.
“I was talking about the benefits of kindling a friendship between the Southern Water Tribe
and Fire Nation after the war.” Bato frowned, like he wasn't sure how Sokka had progressed
to that train of thought. The silence began to stretch. A smile crept onto Bato's face. “What
were you talking about?”
Sokka immediately flushed, and then cursed himself for flushing because it wasn’t like he’d
actually said anything bad.
“It was a joke,” Sokka hissed, tone a little too desperate, that desperation only growing when
Bato’s smile became an evil grin, “I was kidding.”
“Hey, no judgement here.” Bato said, holding up his hands, “I think that’s very forwardthinking of you. Take one for the team. Very enterprising. Hey, is that why you almost passed
out when I asked if you liked him? You know I meant platonically, right? Not that there’s any
shame with taking it another way but-.”
“Okay!” Sokka shouted, scrambling to his feet and, Spirits, drawing the attention of Aang
and Zuko with his sudden outburst. “I’m done with this conversation. I think... is that Katara
calling me? Bye, Bato.”
He stomped off to the tune of Bato’s laughter and the blood pumping in his ears.
____
Bato watched the teenager walk sulkily away with a victorious grin and a dawning realisation
that his antics had, as usual, stumbled upon something. There was potential here, and not just
potential to tease Sokka, a past-time Bato had always enjoyed, but potential for something
serious. Bato wasn’t kidding when he’d brought up the future of the Southern Water Tribe.
For all the jokes, he took his position very seriously. He was Hakoda’s Second for a reason.
He was good at people, politics, and part of that was looking to the future, planning two,
three steps ahead at all times. The truth of it was undeniable; one day, maybe sooner rather
than later, Prince Zuko might become Fire Lord Zuko. Bato trusted the relationships the
firebender had built with the tribesmen, but a friendship with Sokka, a boy his age, a boy who
would represent them when Bato and Hakoda couldn’t, would ensure the safety of the
Southern Water Tribe for a whole other generation. That was all Bato was asking, and it
seemed he might be getting a lot more than he bargained for. Besides, if that hadn’t given it
away, then Sokka openly ogling the firebender going through his forms was a bit of an
indicator.
It reminded Bato of another time, another pair of teenage boys trying to figure out who they
were, and his smile took a softer edge, gaze thoughtful as Zuko told Aang to take a breather,
the prince wiping the sweat from his face as he went to hang out with Tomkin and Nanook,
who had been sat near the cliffs this morning, dicking about with the local flora. Tomkin and
Nanook were another of Bato’s matchmaking attempts. He still had hope for them, even if
Hakoda laughed at him and Kanut grew surly whenever he found out Bato was still meddling
with other people’s personal lives. Bato had no intention of stopping, and he had a good

feeling about Sokka and Zuko. He'd be happy if he could just help them navigate a
friendship, for the sake of the tribe.
But he’d have bragging rights for the rest of his life if he could germinate something deeper,
and he couldn’t wait to rub it in Kanut’s face, especially given the healer’s weird relationship
with the fire brat.
____
Kanut was trying to have a peaceful day, but any chance at peace was butchered back in his
childhood, when he made the mistake of humouring the village idiots and had henceforth
been stuck with Bato and Hakoda for the next two decades, each a very specific kind of thorn
in his side, each with polar forms of ridiculousness but ridiculousness all the same.
“Kanut! How are you this fine morning?”
“Go away.” Kanut said without looking up from his book.
He'd retreated to the infirmary, an old habit, and had just settled after breakfast to do some
reading when Bato decided to torment him with his presence. Kanut’s book collection here
was limited, most of his volumes left on the Ullaakut, but wherever they went, he always
brought a handful. Usually some new ones, but also old ones, favourites of his, some that
were sentimental that he always liked to keep close. It was an ongoing trend whenever they
disembarked from the ship. His tribesmen would bring clothes, bedrolls, weapons, and Kanut
would bring his books.
“I’m being nice to you!” Bato cried in offence, pouting. “Why so growly today?”
Kanut sighed deeply, before snapping his book shut and narrowing his eyes on his childhood
friend.
“Because you’re using your scheming voice. You're up to something, and I want nothing to
do with it.” Kanut said, and the sharp twitch of Bato’s eyebrow was confirmation enough. He
should have seen this coming. Aside from strategizing, there wasn’t really much for the
tribesmen to do here at the Air Temple apart from bide their time, and a bored Bato was a
dangerous Bato. Kanut had seen it happen time and time again back on the Ullaakut, when
they would sail for weeks without making port. When he was bored, Bato began to meddle.
He was too astute when it came to people’s emotions, and while he wasn’t ever malicious, he
could often be oblivious, stumbling into fragile territory unwittingly. It was a strange
dichotomy, Bato having a level of emotional intelligence unlike anything Kanut had seen
before, but none of the delicacy to handle the things he picked up on. Kanut still remembered
the time Bato took it upon himself to sort out an argument Chena and Aput were having. It
had led to Bato accidentally revealing some things Aput had said behind Chena’s back, and
Hakoda had to physically restrain their biggest warrior from throwing Aput overboard. They
sorted it out eventually - they always did – but it had certainly been no thanks to Bato.
“Kanuttt,” Bato complained, coming to sit cross-legged in front of him, and Kanut reluctantly
put his book down entirely, glaring at the Second, “I’m being selfless here. I think I've
realised something.”

“Wow, don’t hurt yourself.”
Bato whacked Kanut’s leg half-heartedly, unperturbed. “Do you think Sokka likes Zuko?”
Kanut tilted his head then, confused and momentarily forgetting that he was supposed to be
annoyed right now. “Not really? Though they've been getting on better lately.”
“They have.” Bato agreed, grin becoming evil, and Kanut stared at him for a few moments
before his expression became serious.
“No, Bato, don’t you dare. You don’t get to just play matchmaker every time you get bored.
It'll be Hakoda and Kya all over again.”
“That was successful! They fell in love and it was all because of me!” Bato insisted, but
Kanut’s memory of that particular romance was tainted by a very traumatic courting period
which included but wasn’t limited to their other friend being a complete idiot, spurred on by
Bato while Kanut was helpless to do anything but watch.
Kanut let his head fall into his hands, a familiar helplessness returning. “You convinced
Hakoda to ignore her for a whole week, Bato.”
“So he would seem mysterious and aloof!” Bato was getting defensive now, not liking his
talents being questioned. “I won’t hear anything from you. It worked.”
Kanut sighed, “We were young and Hakoda’s our friend, which means he’s ours to bully. I
can almost appreciate that. Almost. But this is different. I will not help you drag the children
into this.”
Bato wiggled his eyebrows, “But you’re not gonna stop me?”
Kanut kicked Bato in the leg, and with a disappointed huff, Bato let it be. He wasn’t actually
a bad person, believe it or not, and aside idle teasing, he wasn’t going to force anyone into
anything, least of all invade someone’s privacy. That brand of rudeness was appointed only to
Hakoda and Kanut, lucky as they were. For everyone else, Bato would suffer just observing
from afar.
Kanut was silent for a few moments, as if ensuring that Bato had truly dropped it, before his
lips curled into a small, uncharacteristic smile.
“You know,” he said quietly, “I still have it.”
Bato perked up again curiously, “Still have what?”
“I’d almost forgotten all about it until you brought it up the other day,” Kanut said, before
getting to his feet and quickly flicking through his book collection, fingers carefully landing
on a worn green cover, “See?”
Bato stared at the book Kanut had pulled out, mind tumbling into a familiar flurry of young
hands and snow and confusion and anger and fear and understanding, a deep warmth
pervading it all, warm and safe, together, and he grinned.

“You actually kept it, you old sap.” He breathed, before making grabby hands at him.
Kanut rolled his eyes, either at the nickname or the childish antics, but gave Bato the book
and sat beside him. If someone had said to Bato when he was sixteen that one day Kanut
would feel comfortable enough to flick nostalgically through the pages of this book with him,
snickering at decades-old annotations and pointing immaturely at certain sentences, then Bato
wouldn’t have believed them, but it had been years since Kanut was that scared teenage boy,
and over time, with two friends at his side and an entire crew to fall back on, Kanut had
learned to first accept the way he was, and then learn to appreciate it, to come to love it. It
was part of him, and in Bato’s eyes, that was enough to make it beautiful, because all the
parts of Kanut came together to form just that – Kanut. Sharp, smart, sarcastic Kanut. His
best friend.
____
Training with Aang had gone worse than usual this morning. The kid had hinged his plans on
defeating the Fire Lord after the comet, and Zuko had arrived with the news that he couldn’t
do that, that he not only had to defeat Ozai sooner, but he had to do it when Ozai was
significantly more powerful than usual. It made Aang desperate, sloppy, always trying to rush
his training to the more explosive moves when he didn’t even have his breathing right yet,
and Zuko still resorted to anger when he was frustrated, or when he was tired, or when he
was... anything, really. He almost appreciated it now, that soft anger that had kept him alive
so long, but he shoved it down before he could ever yell at Aang. Still, the Avatar was more
astute than he let on, and always noticed, grey eyes growing so sad, and Zuko never knew
how to make him feel better.
Zuko suggested they take a breather far sooner than he normally would, the shadow of failure
weighing on him just as much as it weighed on Aang, familiar thoughts curling inside his
skull like whisps of pent-up smoke. Zuko was here to train the Avatar, that was all he could
contribute, and he was doing a shit job of it, and Aang was probably going to Katara to
complain about how slowly his bending was coming on, and Aang wouldn’t mean it as a
criticism of Zuko but Katara would take it as one, and she would tell Sokka and convince him
to let Zuko go, to stop helping him like the other boy insisted on doing every day now
without fail, and with the chief’s two children against him again, what if Hakoda finally got
tired of Zuko?
He wanted to grind the thoughts beneath his heel and leave them in the dirt, because he knew
those things wouldn’t happen, and he supposed that was progress, even if the thoughts still
existed. They didn’t exist as fear, not anymore. They existed instead almost idly, the fears of
a younger boy with a lot more pain in his chest. Even simply knowing there was no truth to
these thoughts was proof that Zuko was not that boy anymore. He wasn’t even the boy he
was a week ago, like a reptile shedding skin, something monstrous, or maybe just something
real.
Tomkin and Nanook had been sat by the cliffs all morning, laughing loudly and messing
about with something that Zuko hadn’t been able to see when he was training Aang, but as he
walked towards them, he realised there was a pile of greenery collected between the two
boys. Vines, mostly, but also large leaves the size of Zuko’s arm, an assortment of cacti that

Zuko didn’t know how the other boys had picked, and flowers he’d never seen before, with
large colourful bulbs made of thin, tendril-like petals that curled into each other, almost like
the flower was alive, and purple flowers with hairs on their stems, and then a flower that
Zuko very much did know, catching his breath in his throat as he wordlessly sat between
Tomkin and Nanook.
Scattered amongst the messy assortment, petals open like an embrace, or tiny stars in their
own right, were lotus flowers.
“What are you doing?” Zuko asked, when no one immediately felt a need to explain the
strange scene.
“We found a bunch of plants growing down the cliffs here, we think it’s because we’re near
to where the waterfall hits,” Nanook explained, grinning, “aren’t they nice?”
They were nice, so much colour and green in the Western Air Temple almost seemed strange,
and it smelled fresh, earthy, like the moment Zuko stepped out of Fong’s base to be met with
the overwhelming smell of the world around him.
“But why did you pick them?” Zuko asked, tone careful, like he was missing something
obvious here, though he was used to his friends being inexplicable, and ridiculous, and
inexplicably ridiculous, and ridiculously inexplicable. It was a talent of theirs.
Tomkin looked up at Zuko with a bright, happy expression, and Zuko didn’t actually care
why they’d picked the plants if such a stupid thing gave Tomkin so much unbridled joy.
“We’re weaving!” He declared proudly, and lifted up something that almost resembled a
small basket, no bigger than a fist, except between the tightly woven vines, Tomkin had
incorporated flowers that poked between the green in bursts of explosive colour. Practically
speaking, the basket would be useless; the flowers would bruise too quickly. But it was
pretty, and Tomkin seemed proud of himself, and Zuko looked to see Nanook creating
something similar.
“Sit down, give it a go.” Nanook said, and Zuko frowned, leaning forward to pick up some
vines. As he did, he noticed that Nanook had a white lotus in his hair, placed far too sturdily
to be there by accident, and Zuko stared a moment.
He remembered girls doing that in the Fire Nation, giggling in the summer heat, fire lilies
tucked behind ears and leaving a faint red glow on their cheek. He'd never seen a boy do it.
He wasn’t entirely sure that was allowed, but he threw a panicked look to the adults nearby,
and saw that Chena was the closest, on the side the flower was facing, and he didn’t even
seem to have noticed.
“You okay over there?” Nanook asked suddenly, eyes narrowed, and Zuko realised he was
still staring, jolting himself out of it and immediately feeling something hot and
uncomfortable crawl through his body.
“Yeah, you seem broodier than normal. And that’s saying something.” Tomkin said, and
Zuko noticed he had a chain of flowers around his neck, connected by the stems somehow.

He flicked another glance to Chena. Still nothing.
“It’s not a big deal,” Zuko said quickly, busying himself by looking at the vines in his hands,
“just training with Aang. It's not going... as well as I hoped.”
He surprised himself as always with how easy honesty was here. He wasn’t just willing to
talk his concerns through with the tribesmen; he wanted to. It made him feel better. This, he
knew, was friendship, and it felt warm and tender, something to be protected, not condemned.
“No?” Nanook asked, frowning and giving Zuko his full attention, “I thought you’d fixed his
whole fear of fire when you went to the masters?”
“It’s not so much fear anymore,” Zuko said, idly twirling a lotus stem between his fingers,
imagining how little effort it would take to produce a spark, what the flower would smell like
when it burned, if the floral scent would prevail over the smoke. He doubted it. “He just
won’t listen to me. He's too busy trying to master firebending as quickly as possible, but it
doesn’t work like that.”
Tomkin cocked his head, thinking. “Well, what about drawing from your own experiences?
Like, what would your firebending teachers do when you didn’t listen to them?”
Zuko jolted at the sudden memory, body going rigid, and he remembered shouting, demands
he couldn’t meet, orders he couldn’t follow, days ending in sweat and tears and the prickling
sting of fresh burns, and that was before he even got to Father, before that knowing gaze of
molten gold would ask him how training had gone, and Zuko always answered honestly. It
was not an easy honesty, not a willing honesty, nothing like what he had here. It was honesty
knowing there was no other option, no escape, prey backed into a corner. There was a certain
cruelty to the question every time, because Ozai knew Zuko’s failures, and would make Zuko
spell them out anyway, like an order to set fire to his own pyre knowing Zuko could do
nothing but obey.
“No,” Zuko said, too harshly, too vehemently, and Tomkin blinked in surprise, but Nanook’s
face dawned in reluctant understanding, “not like that. Not with Aang.”
Not with anyone was left unspoken.
It was quiet for a few moments, Tomkin frowning, confused, and Nanook suddenly far too
interested in the flowers before them, rooting through the pile and pulling back with a
victorious grin. He was holding one of those flowers Zuko had never seen before, the ones
that curled into themselves. This one was an impossible yellow colour, like this tiny thing had
somehow caught a drop of Agni in its petals.
“Hey, Little Tom?” Nanook’s grin grew conspiring in a way Zuko knew from experience not
to trust.
“Yeah, Nan?” Tomkin said, matching his grin, because when those two decided to scheme
together instead of against each other, they suddenly seemed able to read minds.

“Don’t you think these yellow ones go with Zuko’s whole Fire Nation look?” Nanook asked,
feigning innocence as he held the flower a little closer to Zuko, like how shopkeepers
sometimes hold samples of their wares against you to prove how good they’d look. Zuko
flinched back in alarm, but didn’t push Nanook away. He trusted the boys, and that was about
all he’d give them right now when they were grinning at him like that.
“You know what,” Tomkin said, delighted, “I think you’re right!”
Zuko did not know what was happening. All he knew was that not long ago he was teaching
the ancient and sacred art of firebending to the literal Avatar, and now he was doing a poor
job of fending off two surprisingly dogged tribesmen as they tried to put flowers in his hair.
“Stay still!” Nanook hissed when Zuko shoved him back a third time.
“What the fuck are you even-.”
Tomkin had finally had enough, sucking in a loud breath and glaring at Zuko, yellow flowers
now being wielded like a weapon.
“Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation,” he snapped, “so help me, are you going to mope about all
day because of a twelve-year-old or are you going to sit still and let us put flowers in your
hair like a man?”
This was dangerous. This was too much of a grey area, too close to a part of Zuko that was
caged behind so much more than skin and bone. He did not know if this specific thing was
allowed, only that it put things into question, and that certainly wasn’t allowed. A man could
not be questioned on these things. A prince could not be questioned on these things. And
Zuko’s last memory of what happened when you were questioned, his one and only lapse in
judgement when it came to this, was a memory that burned, one more scar to the butchery.
He didn’t want any more scars. What he had now... it was good. Soft and slow and fragile,
but it was good, he was getting better. Any sort of setback to that could break him, could send
him back to the beginning, and the thought of that terrified him. This was dangerous. This
was a needless risk.
But Nanook was grinning, and Tomkin’s eyes were bright, and around them, the sun shone on
a quiet part of the world where children laughed and fathers did not burn their sons. So much
had changed, but there would always be a part of Zuko that belonged to the boy he was that
night in Gaoling, the boy who walked himself to Oro and Renmin if it only meant he might
protect the Water Tribe, protect his friends.
He still wanted to protect them, even down to something they thought was small, effortless.
It wasn’t shame that eased through him down well-worn paths, but fear. He would have time
to be ashamed of this later, but for now, he looked again at Chena, at the rest of the warriors,
then back to Tomkin and Nanook, and sighed.
“One flower,” he grumbled, “that’s all you get.”

The overjoyed smiles made it worth it, Zuko was sure of it. It had to be worth it. Not like last
time.
____
Katara was making lunch, and because Sokka was the best big brother in the world and
totally not in desperate need of a distraction, he’d decided to help her, something Katara
initially took in her stride after so many weeks complaining that no one ever helped with the
cooking, and now seemed a little distraught by as his sister was forced to come to terms with
the fact that she was, ultimately, a control freak who didn’t actually want Sokka’s help. ‘It
was the principal of it’, and all that. Sokka found the whole thing hilarious, wondering how
long it would take Katara to snap and tell him to go away. He was thinking maybe by the
third moon peach he refused to cut ‘finely enough’, but Katara liked to surprise him with her
stubbornness sometimes. She might even make it to the fourth moon peach.
Narrowing his eyes at his little sister, Sokka lounged back with a sigh loud enough to annoy
Katara, leaning on his elbows and casually slicing through a moon peach. They were having
congee for lunch, and Katara was trying to make the simple meal nicer by incorporating
small chunks of fruit from where she sat opposite Sokka, cross-legged and with a pile of
expertly diced peaches beside her. Hakoda and the rest of the adults were sat nearby, talking
amongst themselves, so Sokka was careful not to be the first to break in this silent face-off
with his sister. Katara was staring at the fruit in Sokka’s hands and his pile of oversized,
mismatched pieces. Painstakingly, Sokka sliced his jawbone knife through the soft fruit
again, messily finishing his third peach. Katara's eye twitched.
It was as he was reaching for a fourth, wiping his sticky hands on his tunic in a way that
made Katara’s face scrunch in disgusted horror, that she finally snapped, the tense challenge
between them shattering with her temper.
“You’re doing it wrong on purpose!” Katara shouted, immediately drawing Hakoda’s
attention.
Sokka grew indignant then, already frustrated by the events of the day and needing an outlet.
“Am not!”
“Oh, you so are!” Katara growled angrily. “I should have known you weren’t actually going
to help me!”
“I am helping! Who cares if the fruit is different sizes? Food is food!” Sokka was on his feet
now, yelling at Katara who was more than willing to match him, getting in his face.
“Yeah, maybe to someone who eats like an animal,” she snapped, “but the rest of us are
civilised.”
“That’s enough, both of you!” Hakoda was suddenly there, looking between the siblings with
a raised eyebrow, and Sokka quickly bit back a response. “What’s going on?”
“I’m helping Katara-.”

“Sokka’s purposely ruining everything-.”
“-and she’s being an absolute princess about it, as usual.”
“Oh, you’d know a lot about royalty, wouldn’t you?”
“The fuck’s that supposed to mean?”
“Hey!” Hakoda raised his voice a little to be heard over the vicious back-and-forth. Sokka
could see Tulok smiling to Chena about something as the other warriors watched, and that
certainly didn’t do anything for Sokka’s growing anger.
“Katara, we all appreciate how much work you put into the cooking, but it’s not bad to accept
help every now and then, even if that help is different to how you normally do things,”
Hakoda said, in his calm voice that always seemed to fix everything. At least when they were
together to hear it. “And Sokka,” Hakoda raised a trying-not-to-be-amused eyebrow there,
“it’s nice that you’re helping your sister, but this is her area of expertise. It’s respectful to
listen to how she does things.”
Sokka and Katara, both feeling appropriately berated, threw a bashful look to each other.
Sokka raised a shoulder in a small shrug. Katara rolled her eyes, but her lips pulled up a little,
and just like that, Sokka knew they’d moved on from what happened, and he nudged her as
she returned to her cooking. Sokka went to follow, feeling a little guilty – he had been
needling his sister on purpose before – but stopped when Hakoda grabbed his arm.
“Dad?”
“Is everything okay, son?” Hakoda asked, frowning, looking a little too close at Sokka and
making him squirm. Spirits, Sokka was glad Bato had disappeared. The other man would be
in hysterics if he saw all this.
“Yep! Yes! Totally fine.” Sokka said, and then immediately wanted to hit himself for how
unconvincing he sounded. He was acting like he had something to hide, which he didn’t, just
like he’d acted like he had revealed something he shouldn’t have earlier with Bato, which he
hadn’t, and it was all just so – ugh!
Hakoda, horrifyingly, looked like he was about to question Sokka, but Katara was the most
incredible person in the world and the best sister Sokka ever could have asked for and he
swore to every higher power that he would never bother her again, because she suddenly
caught everyone’s attention by announcing, loudly, that food was ready.
“Gotta go!” Sokka chirped, and immediately busied himself with helping Katara carry the
congee pot and all of the bowls outside where everyone was seated. He felt the distinctive
satisfaction of getting away with something – even though, again, he wasn’t even hiding
anything – when he looked up from placing the bowls down and locked eyes with a molten
gaze.
Zuko had come over with Tomkin and Nanook, who had quickly gathered with the others
because they all knew getting in the food queue after Chena was a bad idea, and he looked

the same as he had yesterday and the day before, all loose-fitting clothes on someone who
still held themselves like they were wearing armour, charcoal hair tussling in the wind,
golden eyes burning, but there was one part of Zuko’s appearance that suddenly had Sokka
freezing and giving into a helpless stare.
Zuko had a flower in his hair. Yellow, tucked carefully behind his ear on his scarred side, soft
petals whispering against rough skin and holding back a piece of his hair to make his eyes
look somehow brighter, and it had an effect on Sokka like someone had very suddenly and
very violently booted him from the cliff.
“Well, don’t you three look cute!” Katara teased, tone harmless and smile light-hearted,
laughing when Tomkin began to pose with the flowers he’d connected in a chain around his
neck. Zuko seemed distinctly uncomfortable with the attention, refusing to relax, but his
murderous glare only made Katara laugh harder. It wasn’t malicious, like it might have been
not long ago, but Sokka honestly didn’t care about that right now, because he was battling
with the horrific realisation that Prince Zuko of the fucking Fire Nation did, in fact, look cute.
“I’m thinking about making it a trend.” Tomkin decided, hands on his hips.
“Fuck that,” Chena grumbled, looking like he couldn’t care about anything less. Zuko
watched the big warrior with narrowed eyes, seeming surprised.
“What, no shitty commentary for us today, Chena?” Nanook asked sharply, matching Zuko’s
surprise. Sokka couldn’t deny that he’d also expected a much different reaction from Chena.
Back in Sokka’s Pre-Suki days, he saw Chena as the perfect ideal for a warrior, which
seemed to go hand in hand with a rejection of all things girly, like flowers, but he knew now
that it wasn’t that simple. If a flower was enough to rob a man of his strength, then perhaps
he wasn’t so strong to begin with.
Chena scratched absentmindedly at his shoulder with the hand not holding a bowl of congee,
the shoulder Sokka was pretty sure he’d got that uncharacteristically quaint prison tattoo.
“It’s not my business,” was all Chena offered, non-plussed.
Aput barked out a laugh, earning a withering glare from his friend.
“Chena had all the sexism beaten out of him by the Kyoshi Warriors.” Aput offered when
everyone looked at him in confusion.
Sokka very suddenly understood completely, and grinned at the big warrior. “Sucks right?
Been there, man.”
“What was that, Sokka?” Suki asked suddenly, and shit, when did she even sneak up on him?
“Nothing!” Sokka squeaked, “There’s nothing sucky about having your morals swung into
place by a right-hook and any pain that followed was entirely deserved after how much of a
dick I was and-.”
“You can stop talking now.” Suki said with a merciful smile.

Sokka sighed in relief. “Oh, thank the Spirits.”
“Has anyone seen Kanut and Bato?” Hakoda asked, looking around to notice a distinct lack
of healer or Second.
“Kanut’s in the infirmary,” Tulok said, “Bato’s probably harassing him.”
“I’ll go tell them food’s ready.” Zuko declared, and just like that, the firebender abruptly
walked away, practically fleeing inside the Air Temple. Just as he vanished inside, Sokka saw
him tear the flower from his hair, throwing it dismissively to the floor.
It was probably the food, Sokka realised. It was still hard for Zuko to so much as stand
around food with so many people. Sokka felt suddenly selfish. Maybe if he hadn’t been so
busy gawking at stupid Zuko and his stupid flower, then maybe he could have actually helped
the prince like he said he would.
Idiot, Sokka chastised himself, but his cheeks still felt hot with the memory of yellow petals
against inky hair.
____
“‘Is attracted to women and appears very masculine,’ doesn’t that sound like Chena?” Bato
asked, tilting the book towards Kanut so he could read the section they’d currently flicked to.
Kanut frowned. “Bato, I think that’s about other women.”
“Oh,” Bato said, disappointed, “but there’s got to be something in here that fits Chena.”
It was their latest game, or rather Bato’s latest game that he was forcing Kanut into, where
they went through the book’s wealth of knowledge and tried to see if anything sounded
familiar to their fellow tribesmen. Honestly, Bato was just hoping Kanut might say something
about Aput. He was trying to confirm an innocent hunch.
“There is,” Kanut said, sounding amused now as he flicked to the very first section in the
book, the section that dealt with opposite-sex attraction, “right here.”
Bato scowled, before narrowing his eyes, “I could fix him.”
Kanut scoffed in a way Bato recognised as him trying not to laugh, which was exactly when
the Fire Prince walked in, freezing in the doorway when he saw two of the more respectable
members of the crew – yes, Bato fell into that category, thank you very much – currently sat
shoulder-to-shoulder on the floor of the infirmary holding a book between them.
“Hello.” Zuko said cautiously.
“Hello, Your Highness,” Bato grinned, refusing to take pity on him, “do you happen to know
if Chena uses any self-identifying labels?”
“Or better yet, does Aput?” Kanut asked, tone completely innocent, expression unflinching
even when Bato dug an elbow into his ribs.

“What,” Zuko said, frowning, “are you talking about?”
Kanut chuckled, but groaned to his feet, soft spot for the prince ruining all of Bato’s fun.
Still, the healer helped haul Bato up, not as agile as they were when they first found that
book, and Zuko relaxed a little when he realised the adults were dropping whatever it was
they were talking about.
“Lunch is ready outside,” Zuko said, and Bato immediately perked up, but then the prince’s
expression became curious, those searing golden eyes locking on the green book in Kanut’s
hand, “what were you reading?”
Bato remembered Sokka earlier, and thought of bragging rights and political futures, and
grinned when Kanut – beautiful, oblivious Kanut – simply shrugged, holding the book out to
Zuko.
“It’s about identities and such.” He said, before his expression became troubled. “I doubt
you’d find its kind in the Fire Nation.”
It was Bato’s turn to frown then, “Why not?”
“Have you not read the damn thing or do you truly just have the memory of a skunk fish?”
“Rude, Kanut. Very rude.”
Kanut sighed, like Bato was very disappointing. “There’s an entire section on each nation,
including the Fire Nation. Apparently, same sex attraction is illegal there.”
Zuko took the book out of Kanut’s waiting hand like he was being given a hot coal, staring at
the green cover, the elegant title that had been traced a thousand times over by now, and Bato
thought he looked a little paler than usual. Illegal. The word sent a horrid jolt through Bato’s
body, like everything had suddenly gone cold, a fall into ice water, a chamber of the heart
frozen shut. Every time he thought that nation couldn’t get worse, he found out more about
them, and he couldn’t help the disgust that pulled his features, the anger. He wondered about
two teenage boys, fourteen and sixteen, one who loved more than one thing, one who didn’t
love like that at all, and he imagined them in Fire Nation reds, an oppressive fire that would
see them engulfed. It had been hard for them both in different ways, and scary, and that was
in a place where it was allowed. Bato was lucky. He mourned those who weren’t.
Zuko stood before them as a scarred teenage boy, a child still growing into his body, a soldier
thrust into the ice of an unforgiving ocean, and Bato wondered. He wondered at the tension in
the boy’s shoulders, he wondered at his growing expression of discomfort, he wondered at
the tremble in his hands as he held the book, and his stomach fell to settle lowly on an
unnerving realisation.
Bato mourned.
____

Kanut had been watching. He'd been watching since Zuko and Zi Se fell out, since Zuko went
to the firebending masters, since Zuko held a blade to Tulok’s gut over a loaf of bread. He’d
wanted to have this conversation with Zuko for days now, but hadn't been able to find the
right time. There was just so much for Zuko to deal with at the moment, and Kanut hadn’t
wanted to add to that, but now, watching each change in Zuko as he slowly opened the book,
he wished he’d said something sooner.
Kanut knew a lot about shame, knew the language of it, how it felt to trace those letters with
young hands, knew still how they felt beneath the callouses of older, wiser hands. Kanut also
knew a lot about Zuko. He knew that almost all of the prince’s emotions boiled down to the
same two things; anger and shame. It was a hereditary weight, carried so dutifully for so long
that the body disfigured itself around it, unable to walk without the load. There needed to be
healing, recovery, time. These were things no one had given Zuko for years, but he was with
the Water Tribe now, and they cared about him. Here, he could take what he needed.
And Kanut was so proud of him, because he could see Zuko improving. When it came to
anger, Zuko was so much more than the snarling boy Hakoda had dragged into Kanut’s
infirmary all those months ago. The boy before him today was kind, and learning again how
to be gentle, knew despite these things that he shouldn’t hate the anger inside of him, that it
had spared him from so much more pain than he could ever imagine.
But shame? It wasn’t something Zuko knew he needed help with. It was part of him, perhaps
he even thought it was him, and he was it, and it had festered at the hands of his father in a
hundred different ways, and Kanut wondered. He wondered if this book was something Zuko
understood, if he saw himself in the pages like Kanut once had, if this too was something
they shared.
He hoped not, for Zuko’s sake.
Because Kanut had read this book a dozen times, and he knew the Fire Nation were not
merciful.
At lunch, Kanut sat beside Hakoda and thought about Zuko. He'd snapped the book shut
quickly after reading only a few words, shoving it back into Kanut’s hands and storming out
of the infirmary with a growled reminder that the food was going cold. Bato had glanced at
Kanut, but Kanut was busy remembering something Nanook had once said. It was a few
weeks after Fong took Zuko, and the youngest crewmen had found themselves in Kanut’s
infirmary after Little Tom sprained his wrist trying to tie the sails down. Kanut had been
grumbling out loud, wondering what had distracted Tomkin so much in the first place to
make such a simple task lead to an injury, and the kid had shrugged, suddenly growing
sheepish, before admitting that he still blamed himself for Zuko’s disappearance.
In his immediate comforting of his friend, Nanook had let slip something that Kanut hadn’t
known before. He'd said that Zuko left after a difficult talk with Hakoda, a talk about
something personal. Nanook said that the Fire Nation were cruel, were intolerant, and that
was the word that stuck out in Kanut’s memory, because at the time, he’d assumed Hakoda
had been talking to Zuko about Ozai, but now, it seemed odd that Kanut’s lifelong best friend
hadn’t discussed this with him, and he wondered if it had been about something else entirely.

“Hakoda?” Kanut asked, keeping his voice down so it was just the two of them that could
hear.
Hakoda, mid-chew, threw a concerned look Kanut’s way at his tone, “Yeah?”
“The talk you had with Zuko in Gaoling, right before he left,” Hakoda expression fell as he
swallowed, “what was it about?”
“It’s not really my place to say,” Hakoda answered honestly, knowing Kanut wouldn’t push,
not when it came to Zuko. They both knew what the kid was like.
There was guilt in Hakoda’s eyes as he looked towards the temple, as if reminding himself
that Zuko was inside somewhere probably having his last nerve tested by Sokka, and that
guilt was why Kanut never brought this up, but he couldn’t keep avoiding things and calling
them dealt with. He had to handle this. Not Hakoda. Not anyone else. This was something
Kanut had to handle.
“Was it about the Fire Nation? Certain things they don’t allow?” Kanut hedged, and Hakoda’s
eyes widened incriminatingly. There it was; confirmation. Kanut could read Hakoda like a
book, but for once, he felt no satisfaction from it.
____
Zuko imagined he was watching a play. Not a feverish nightmare in which he stood on a
stage before an audience, but simply an idle daydream, nothing harmful about it, nothing
dangerous. In the dream, he got to be a part of the crowd, faceless, so painfully dull and
normal and mundane that his face blended into a hundred others to become a collective, not
an individual.
He slipped deeper inside the Western Air Temple after his conversation with Kanut and Bato,
feigning going to his room where every day now Sokka had brought him food, but instead,
Zuko travelled deeper, navigating corridors he was learning to recognise until he walked
outside to a clearing hidden in the alcoves of the cliff. Appa was here, taking advantage of the
shade and the quiet, never too far from Aang but allowing himself some well-earned peace.
The creature grumbled in greeting to Zuko, but didn’t even lift his head, non-plussed by his
arrival, and it soothed something that had been racing inside Zuko ever since Tomkin had
tucked a flower into his hair, ever since he held a green book in his hands that spoke of
dishonour.
It wasn’t the topic itself that scared Zuko, not anymore, and that’s what unsettled him the
most. He was terrified, because he had looked at this book, realised what it meant that Kanut
and Bato had such a thing, discussed such a thing so casually, and Zuko looked at the facts.
Fact; not everywhere was like the Fire Nation. Fact; not every father was like his father. Fact;
this was okay amongst the Water Tribe. Fact; Ozai had been wrong about everything else.
That was the part that terrified Zuko, because he took all of those facts, and he’d looked at
that book in his hands, remembered the pain in his leg from the scar he got when he was
eleven, remembered his newest scar on the very same leg given to him by Fong, and with the

context of every other awful thing that had happened to him since he was that confused
eleven-year-old boy, the only thought he could conjure was; is this truly such a bad thing?
Zuko had seen bad now, had seen evil, and a boy who kissed another boy in the fire lily fields
couldn’t match it.
The moment he let the thoughts sit on the surface of his mind, Zuko was engulfed by such a
great wave of shame, of disgust at himself, that it was all he could do to shove the book back
to Kanut before Zuko bolted, needing to be alone.
Zuko imagined he was watching a play. He saw a boy on a stage with two swords in his
hands, the set pushed messily together into a mimicry of a library, and the boy dropped one of
his swords suddenly, the metal thudding soundlessly to the floor. Zuko knew every line, every
cue. He had the ending memorised. He knew someone was about to die. He knew it would be
horrible and bloody and that killing was wrong. He knew also that this particular killing had
been right. There never was a more bloodstained word than justice.
Next act. The boy stood with someone his own age, wearing Fire Nation armour that clanged
with his inexperience, the only other teenager on the ship. A second killing, though really his
was the first, delivered by a different blade but the same hands. This was wrong. This was
also right. This was war. Zuko remembered confessions uttered in the heat of fever. You
always thought it was anger that would damn you, that patronymic fury that snarls in your
chest. It is not. Your fatal flaw has always been shame.
Which brought the next act and eyes like honey and the words redemption comes with the
price of regret but you don’t regret and you’re ashamed of me and I burned for you and I'm
sorry and I'm sorry and I'm sorry.
This was the part he needed to remember, needed to watch over and over again until he
finally stopped trying to question it. Zuko was a fragmented pattern of bad things forced
together to make something human, a series of mistakes that started with his father’s fist and
ended with a blade separated from its other half. He wanted to think this was like that, that
this part of him was something he could learn to forgive like everything else. Ozai's abuse,
the Agni Kai, Lee’s death, General Fong – these were all things Zuko had misunderstood, all
things he was having to learn all over again, placing blame on the right people, knowing that
not everything was his fault, not every awful thing had been deserved. But there was always a
dark secret to each of them. For all of his shame, these were also things Zuko regretted, and
that created more shame, but it also gave him a propensity for healing. There was a part of
Zuko that, if he could, would go back to every fumble in front of Ozai and correct himself,
would sit silently in that war meeting, would do whatever it took to stop Tulok from taking
Lee’s life, would let Fong live. Some regrets would right wrongs, others would wrong rights,
each a rewrite of the original script to create a new story where Zuko was different at the cost
of some other sacrifice. In this story, he got to be the perfect son at the expense of the rest of
the world.
That was the shame of his regret, and it ate at him, but it was almost timid against the other
shame. This shame. Mizu with his crooked grin. Lee with his flushed cheeks. Zuko had been
a curse to both of them, and while he regretted aspects of Lee, this was one angle he could

not bring himself to regret. If he could rewrite the script, he would still let himself stare. If he
was back in those fire lily fields, he would do it all over again.
Can you heal from something if you can’t even regret it? Do you deserve to?
With Zi Se, Zuko learnt to look at his shame and find its source instead of immediately
pushing it down. Avoidance was the easy option. Automatically assuming everything was his
fault, that enough self-hatred might purge this latest wrong, was the easy option. But for this,
Zuko wasn’t willing to budge. He couldn’t regret it, and it made him sick. He made himself
sick. Sick that he kept indulging in the first place. Sick that, when he did, he wasn’t even
sorry. He just mumbled the words around numb lips like a recitation. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm
sorry.
It never changed anything.
It felt like Zuko’s world had ended over and over again for years. Each awful thing that
happened created a new world, a new stage, a new Zuko standing front and centre, but it was
a lie, wasn’t it? How many times can one actor play a new role? How many times can you
piece yourself back together until all of the original pieces are gone? How many times can
you look at debris and call it by another name? How long until it’s all just dust, and you can’t
cover it? What do you do then? How do you live with yourself?
The answer: you don’t.
You become child of the wreckage, creature of the carcass, blood still dripping from your
maw. It will never dry.
This was all he had.
This was all he knew.
This was all he knew.
Teaching of the homeland. Lessons of the father.
“Why do we have to make things so complicated?” Zuko whispered, turning to Appa’s big
brown eyes that had been watching him for a while now. Zuko was sat close to the creature,
staring off at the sandy cliffs around him, and Appa had allowed him silence while he
thought.
“Of all the evil in the world...” Zuko trailed off, not brave enough to voice the words. Of all
the evil in the world, and we chose this. It was wrong, and Zuko wasn’t blind enough to
Ozai’s whims to deny it was wrong anymore, and he knew the Water Tribe thought it was
wrong, thought it was barbaric, but this was one fight Zuko wouldn’t have. He needed, for
once, to have been right about something, even if that something was evil. The thought of
Mizu, of what might have happened to him, would tear him apart otherwise. The thought of
another agony Zuko suffered undeservingly and at such a young age would buckle him. This
time, he might not be able to get back up. He needed this, in a cruel way. He needed a
destruction he recognised.

“Did you purposely sit out here to make my life difficult?” Kanut asked, and Zuko jumped so
hard he was certain his heart had leapt into his mouth for a second there, whirling around to
see the healer stood in the entrance to the temple, a little sweaty, like he’d been trawling the
corridors for a while now looking for Zuko. Shit, Zuko thought, with the distinct sinking
feeling of someone who had been caught.
“I wanted somewhere quiet,” Zuko admitted, turning his back on Kanut to return his glare to
the cliffs. He listened as Kanut approached, sitting to Zuko’s side, a safe distance between
them. Appa continued to watch, uninterested.
It was silent between them for a bit. Zuko had assumed Kanut was out here to find out why
he was skipping lunch. There was no way Kanut could actually know what Zuko was
thinking, what had rattled him so much when he saw that book, and Zuko viciously shoved
down any paranoia that tried to convince him of the contrary. Kanut was scarily observant
when it came to Zuko, but he wasn’t a mind reader, and this was one secret Zuko kept so
close it was seared into his skin.
Finally, Kanut took a deep breath, like he was preparing for something difficult. Neither
looked at each other, always at a quiet understanding, and that didn’t change when Kanut
began to talk, even if Zuko immediately tensed at his words.
“I’m going to say some things,” Kanut spoke quietly but purposefully, “and I need you to just
listen for a bit. I'm not very good at this whole talking crap, but it needs to be said. So just.
Don’t be a smartass for a bit and let me get through this, okay?”
Zuko’s hands clenched into fists, anxiety thrumming through his blood, but he nodded,
“Okay.”
“When I was about your age,” Kanut said, and Zuko was immediately bowled over by the
fact that Kanut was about to open up about something entirely willingly, but he stuck to his
agreement to keep quiet, listening close, “I watched all the other kids in the village change.
Suddenly, the world stopped and started with who liked who, and I was so smug about it for a
long time, thought I was better than all of them because I didn’t like anyone, but as time went
on,” Kanut frowned here, fists clenching like Zuko’s had, “it got lonely. I had Hakoda and
Bato, but they could always have others in other ways, and I just... couldn’t. It was like the
way I loved was wrong, and I hated myself. I was embarrassed and ashamed and angry and I
hated myself.”
Zuko held his breath, because this wasn’t about him missing lunch. This was about the book,
and for a moment, blind panic took over him, mind racing to try and figure out what he’d
done to give himself away to Kanut, but he pushed that terror aside for later, because he’d
latched onto Kanut’s words and couldn’t let go. It was like the way I loved was wrong. Every
single muscle in Zuko’s body was rigid, vulnerable, everything he’d been so scared of only a
few moments ago, but he couldn’t move, couldn’t save himself. He was completely at the
mercy of Kanut’s words.
“At that point, I read mostly academic things,” Kanut continued, a nostalgic mist in his gaze,
staring without seeing, “medical books, when Kanna started teaching me. Shit like that. But I
started to pick up other books. Storybooks. No matter what I read, I couldn’t find anything.”

Zuko knew he’d agreed to listen, but he couldn’t help the timid question from leaving his
mouth. “What were you looking for?”
Kanut exhaled, a sad sound, but an old sadness, a memory more than an emotion.
"I have read about love a thousand times over in a thousand different stories,” he said
carefully, “and it never looks like me.”
It gutted Zuko. He thought of plays and childhood and how he put himself in the shoes of the
villain or the protagonist and recreated the action scenes with Azula and recited his favourite
lines while he got dressed but never, ever saw himself as the lover. This soft, gentle given that
so many strived for, this beautiful thing a thousand different playwrights spoke of, and it was
never written for Zuko, because Zuko’s love was wrong, was smaller, was lesser.
“And seeing that, or rather not seeing it, really hurt, and I didn’t think to blame anyone else
but me, so all of that confusion and shame and hate – I internalised it, because that’s how it
was in my family. You felt things, and you let them rot you from the inside.” Kanut said, and
Zuko didn’t know what to do, didn’t even know how to look at this man that he respected so
much, because how could he care about Kanut when he suddenly looked just like him?
They'd always been similar, always had an understanding, but Kanut’s inability to voice such
things had made it easy to simply avoid acknowledging it altogether.
But sat here, they were two sides of one pai sho tile, a white lotus cracked and faded but still
there, after everything, and Zuko knew he couldn’t afford another freefall, knew this was one
fight he wouldn’t have, but he found himself hanging desperately onto Kanut’s words,
waiting for him to just tell him what to do.
Kanut looked directly at Zuko then, a sudden intensity to his stare. “I found one book, one
book, that spoke about a love I recognised, and it’s stupid because the whole point of that
damn book is to talk about that shit, but I just... I just held it and everything went still.
Because it meant I wasn’t alone. It meant I wasn’t broken.” Kanut smiled a little, softly, selfdeprecatingly. “That’s the one me and Bato were looking at. Asshole likes to tease me about
it now just because he found it all so easy, back in the day.”
Zuko watched. Kanut's smile faded back to something serious. “It doesn’t have to be easy,”
Kanut said, “but everyone deserves to know that they’re not alone. Not about this. Not ever.
There's not a single person out there who can care about someone the same way twice. The
stupidest thing humanity ever did was try to make sense of something like love, to put it into
neat little boxes and label anyone who didn’t fit as other.” Kanut sighed, shaking his head,
“It’s at once this great, all-encompassing thing that defines us, and also the most simple thing
in the world. You can love friends, or pets, or a girl, or a boy, and you can love each one in
crazy, contradicting ways, and you will still never be able to love in a way that is scarier than
what the world will throw at you, so why bother being scared of it?”
Zuko thought of Mizu and then Ozai, thought of fire lilies and then fire, the smell of
cinnamon and then smoke, soft lips and burnt skin. The world had thrown fire at Zuko and he
had convinced himself that Mizu was the scariest part of it. What would life be if he wasn’t
terrified of this part of himself? He imagined it would be terrifying in its own right, but no
more than normal. He imagined a freedom so immense it was dizzying, liberating.

He squeezed his eyes shut, forcing the thoughts away. He was walking into another fight,
finding a rock to push uphill for eternity, and he couldn’t do it, not with everything else going
on.
“Why are you telling me all this?” Zuko forced out through grit teeth.
Kanut had the nerve to shrug, loose-limbed and casual like he hadn’t just shoved Zuko’s
world off its axis.
“Dunno,” he said, and now he was definitely smirking at Zuko, “needed to vent. You're a
fantastic listener.”
Zuko contemplated telling Kanut to eat shit, but that would be an admission that Kanut’s
words resonated with him. He had to believe that this was the truth, that the usually stonefaced healer was simply feeling chatty today. It was an easy enough excuse to fall back on,
even if Zuko didn’t believe it, and he forced some of the tension from his muscles.
“Well,” he grumbled, “you’re a lot better at this talking crap than you said you were. Why
don’t you do it more?”
Turn it around, Zuko thought, keep the attention off yourself.
“Honestly?” Kanut asked, suddenly growing serious, and Zuko blanked, curiosity and
concern pushing to the front of his mind. He nodded, leaning in a little when Kanut lowered
his voice; “I am terrified of becoming like Bato.”
Zuko blinked, staring at the healer, before shoving the man so hard he fell into the dirt. Kanut
laughed in surprise, and his laughter only followed Zuko as he scrambled to his feet and
stomped inside the temple.
He needed to think.

Chapter End Notes

this chapter was supposed to be silly and it just isn’t anymore and you know what idc i
literally don’t care queer adults watching their own stories told from the younger
generation and seeing all the ways it differs but mostly all the ways it’s still all the same
the same fear the same beauty the same love the same love the same love and giving
each other little smiles because they get it and giggling over a silly book that’s not silly
at all and changed their lives and it’s the same love idc im never gonna be okay about it
anywayyyy i promise u guys will get the full mizu story at some point just bear with
zuko he thinks he’s in a play he’s delusional LMAO nurse he got out again. also i chose
not to use sexuality labels just bc i think it's quite jarring to read in in-universe fics but
just so there's zero confusion bato is bisexual and kanut is aroace and chena is a
punching bag for any fruits in a 10 mile radius god bless!

Chapter 41: ii. Do No Wrong
Chapter Notes

an 18k word christmas gift from me to you bc ive posted something for taob every
christmas for three years running now and i went 'hey wouldn't it be funny if i showed
up after almost six months to the day with no updates and just dropped something on
christmas'. i am booed heartlessly off stage. come get ur food bitch.
seriously though this is the longest ive gone without updating and it caused a lot of
people to bang on my door in distress asking if This Was The End and if the fic was
Abandoned so to clarify: i will never ever abandon taob. i'll never abandon ANY fic, but
particularly not taob. she's my rotten soldier she's printed on my dart board she's like a
body-sized plushie to me that i cuddle at night and punch when im mad. i might take a
while to update for whatever reason but the story is only finished when it's officially
come to its end, so pls never worry about me abandoning it lol.
merry christmas to those who celebrate! and a happy new year to all of you, may 2023
be boring. im gonna go eat my chocolate orange and contemplate the 10-5 shift im
working tomorrow on what is looking to be a Very Fully Booked Boxing Day In A Pub.
if taob takes longer than six months to update then it might be bc im serving prison time
after smacking a customer with a plate, which seems like a good note to end with our
detested DONT DO ANYTHING I WOULDNT DO x

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Naturally, the staff of an airship was significantly lacking in numbers compared to that of a
palace, and meant certain luxuries were sacrificed. One such sacrifice was that of Azula’s
personal servants. She usually had three women who tended to her, one to do her hair, one to
do her clothes and armour, one to do her makeup, each trained to the upmost standards in
each compartment, not a stray hair or a buckle left loose or a smudge out of place, but on the
airship, it was only one woman, the woman who usually did Azula’s makeup. Yuna, of
course, was an adept servant – they didn’t let just anyone serve the blood of Agni – but today,
she was doing Azula’s hair wrong.
“Sharpen it,” Azula ordered, staring at her reflection in the mirror. Everything else was
perfect. Everything else was perfect except this, her hairstyle too soft around the edges. Yuna
hadn’t done anything differently today – Azula knew, because she watched, always watched
those hands coming too close to her face, moving too quickly in her blind spots – but
something just wasn’t right.
She looked too soft around the edges, and with the way she was filling into herself more
lately, Azula almost looked like...

Suddenly, Yuna was too close.
“Get out,” Azula growled, shoving the woman’s hands away. “I’ll do it myself if you insist on
being incompetent.”
Yuna had been Azula’s servant for years. She didn’t meet her eye, she didn’t say anything,
she simply did as she was told, and left Azula alone.
The silence of solitude always seemed so much heavier than the sort of silence that settled in
larger spaces. The silence of sitting at Father’s side, for instance, had a different weight to it.
There was tension there, a dozen invisible threads holding everyone in place like one of
Zuzu’s ridiculous plays. This silence here though, between Azula and her reflection, was
heavy, as if waiting for something.
Azula didn’t care, never gave it enough time to reveal itself to her. She saw her reflection
without seeing, ignoring the soft edges, the familiar eyes.
She fixed her hair, and just like that, Azula was perfect. It wasn’t a difficult standard to
maintain and had only gotten more natural with time. Time and practise and her brother’s
instance of making it easy for her. Her weak, foolish brother.
Azula cursed quietly. She was not supposed to think about him.
Trust is for fools, Father had always said, and Zuko was the biggest fool of all of them. Fools
make fools and Azula would not be made a fool of. His pretty promises were fickle, childish
things. Apologies on a beach, blue fire in hands dancing dangerously close to touching, a
softness, an openness that Azula knew Zuko couldn’t have faked for the life of him.
He said they could be better. He said he was sorry for leaving her. He said they didn’t have to
be terrible.
He said a lot of things, and then, Zuko had done what Zuko did best.
Zuko left.
Azula scoffed. Her brother would pay for his treachery towards the Fire Nation, towards their
father, towards her. She'd make sure of it. She was better than him, after all.
Azula smoothed down the cuff at her left wrist, securing the button there for the third time
since dressing, and then caught herself in the motion of it, pulling her hand away before it
became a nervous habit. Azula did not have nervous habits. Azula was not nervous.
She turned her back on the mirror.
Perfect.
____
“So, it’s decided then.”

The mood was sombre in the strategy room, all of the adults gathered around the spread of
papers and maps Hakoda had accumulated in his time at the Air Temple, countless nights
tiring over a plan, even if it was just the barebones of one. Anything that meant the Water
Tribe didn’t have to rely entirely on whatever General Iroh had thought up.
“It’s the best we can get with the information we have,” Bato said honestly, blue eyes
focussed on Hakoda like he knew the doubt he felt crawling beneath his skin.
Kanut shrugged. “I’ll be glad of it. This place is nice and all but we’ve spent too long here.
Everyone's getting restless, even the kids.”
“And the comet’s getting closer,” Chena grumbled, arms crossed. “We have two months left.
We need to reunite with the other men.”
Hakoda nodded. He knew all this, he’d arranged all this, scheming alone and with Bato and
oftentimes with Sokka, going over their lists again and again. They knew what the Fire Lord
was planning, they knew who to target, but Iroh understood Fire Nation military movements,
had insight on his brother that even Zuko lacked, and besides, Kanut and Chena were right.
They'd spent more time at the Air Temple than they intended to and leaving the rest of their
tribe in the camp of a Fire Nation General – traitor or not – left everyone feeling
uncomfortable. Restless.
In two day's time, they would have been here for exactly two weeks. That was the day they
intended to leave. The Ullaakut was docked a short walk away from the temple and had more
than enough room for everyone, including Chit Sang’s group who had, tentatively, agreed to
come with them to the Earth Kingdom.
From the directions Iroh had given them, Hakoda and Tulok had concurred that they were
looking at a week at sea, and that was with the wind on their side. Time had finally caught up
to them, and with it, the war.
Stress, Hakoda could handle. Doubt was par for the course of being chief. Fear, too, was an
emotion he knew intimately.
But this reprieve at the Western Air Temple was something Hakoda hadn’t known since
joining the war effort. Even their stop at the South Pole couldn’t match the dread Hakoda felt
now, because it was too brief, only a handful of days of comfort before the men were off
again. This dread came from security, safety, a routine of getting up and talking with his men
and eating his daughter’s cooking and watching the bending. There was no blood here and
everyone, Hakoda included, had become complacent.
They had two days to pack up. Then, the war returned to the Southern Water Tribe warriors.
____
The sun stood fitfully behind whisps of clouds, shimmering through the humidity that hung
in the air since the latest showers, and the inhabitants of the temple stood with it, restless as
the day around them. The air was thick and warm and smelled earthy; there would be rain
again soon. Potentially before they left.

Because that was what had everyone so on edge. The plan had been laid out. Their break at
the Western Air Temple was over. They had two days.
Sokka was just as restless as everyone else. They'd all known they were leaving sooner or
later but giving a definitive deadline to it made everything seem so much more real, so much
closer. For the first time since they left the South Pole, Team Avatar had a steady adult
influence watching over things, stable enough to relax into. For Sokka, it was the first time
since Hakoda and the other warriors left. He'd had Gran-Gran, sure, but he’d insisted on
shouldering the detritus of his father’s responsibilities alone, isolating himself because he was
a warrior and the last man in the village. He could hardly remember what it felt like to just
breathe, to know his sister’s safety and now the safety of Aang and Toph wasn’t in his young,
shaky hands.
But Sokka was also a realist, possibly bordering on pessimist, and he’d known this was
temporary. He hadn’t let himself become too comfortable, because that was a luxury they
were never offered. It was the burden of being the Avatar’s companion, and the awareness of
that was the burden of the plan guy.
So Sokka was restless, and a little bummed-out, but he was handling it fine, reluctantly
resigned to moving on from comfort once again. Admittedly, he had a squirming, panicked
flutter of dread sitting in his stomach like it owned the place, but that was a feeling he was
more than familiar with, a feeling he woke with and travelled with and slept with every day
with Team Avatar, a feeling that had shadowed him ever since he was a boy expecting each
day to be the day a Fire Nation cruiser appeared on the skyline, here to raid their village just
once more. It was never the last time. He knew that. He didn’t care how cynical the thought
was, and he had been right. The raid that took his mother was supposed to be the last one, and
then there was Zuko.
Zuko, who was currently in one of the temple’s clearings, training alone with his sword,
swishing it about and twisting on nimble feet, because of course Zuko could use a sword.
Why wouldn’t he be able to? Sokka wasn’t sure whether to be in awe of the other boy or kick
him.
For a moment, Sokka let himself watch. His mind buzzed with questions. Zuko wielded a
curved, single-edged sword, but Sokka knew all too well that it came as a pair, the second
still in his father’s possession. Could Zuko really wield both? He knew the rumours of the
Blue Spirit being a master of the dual blades, but Sokka’s training with Piandao had been
thorough; he knew how difficult that would be. Even having enough dominance in both
hands to hold the blades firmly would prove a challenge, let alone learning to move both, to
focus on both at once. Sokka had taken to swords; Piandao had been impressed with him and
he was improving every day, but he knew dual blades were one thing he would never be able
to handle. He was too clumsy, for one, and couldn’t pinpoint his focus like that. But Zuko
could, and not at a novice level either. He was good. It was clear in the fluidity of his
motions, the way he moved complimenting every swipe of the blade, kicking up dust in the
clearing, an intense focus to his burning gaze, and that was with his body still clearly causing
him pain when he twisted certain ways or too harshly, if the hissed winces he intermittently
let slip were anything to go by. Kanut was going to be furious if he saw.

And of course, there was the unfamiliarity of only using one blade of two.
If Zuko had used both blades in the Boiling Rock, how much quicker would Fong have died?
Would it have even been a fair fight?
Sokka shuddered, that restless unease flickering in his stomach, because at no point had it left
his mind that Zuko was a threat. Zuko, royal firebender and master of the dual blades, a boy
so much stronger than Sokka who looked four months of horror in the eye and stabbed it
between the ribs, enough of him still alive to tell the story. Zuko, violent and sharp in his
actions even now, training alone at the Western Air Temple, the black fabric of his shirt
clinging to his chest and Sokka knew why he refused to take it off.
Sokka knew what Zuko was. Sokka knew what he had done. It didn’t scare him anymore.
Instead, Sokka ate with the other boy, and reluctantly found him hilarious, and found himself
stammering under Bato’s false – and frankly insulting – accusations. Zuko was a threat, but
not to them, not anymore.
As he watched Zuko training, Sokka’s mind buzzed with questions, and only one prevailed.
“Is Zuko okay?” Sokka asked, nodding at the firebender in question. “He seems pretty
determined to slash the air to ribbons, which I don’t think is possible. But hey, that also
means it might not be impossible.”
Tomkin and Nanook looked over to their friend from where the three of them were sat
nearby, far away enough from Zuko that he couldn’t hear them – and so that he stopped
scowling so much – but close enough to scrutinise.
Everyone else at the Air Temple had been on edge since the chief’s announcement this
morning. The mood could at best be described as temperamental. Katara was grimacing
through some waterbending forms with Aang on the other side of the temple, clearly lost in
thought, hence her unfortunate Thinking Face that really just made her look like she’d
swallowed something sour, and Aang was too put-out to even look nervous of her silence.
Toph was nowhere to be seen, but had been strangely quiet when Hakoda delivered the news.
Tomkin and Nanook were the only ones who might feel similarly to Sokka. After all, they
were warriors and had sailed with their chief through warzones; they understood the need to
move on and join the rest of the men.
“I think so? He’s not said anything,” Tomkin said, concern badly hidden in the crease
between his eyebrows. “Starting a fight with the air isn’t exactly un-Zuko-like behaviour.”
Nanook hummed. “I think everyone’s just been extra prickly now we know when we’re
leaving.”
That was good enough for Sokka, and he nodded, forcing himself to look away from Zuko’s
swordsmanship – he really wanted to know how he just did that one move – and grinning at
his fellow tribesmen.

“I propose a distraction!” Sokka declared, getting to his feet. “Let’s go hunting! Boys only.
I've been robbed of normal friendships since you two decided to leave me behind with my
baby sister and Gran-Gran. This is happening.”
Tomkin grinned right back at Sokka, jumping up and thumping him on the shoulder
enthusiastically.
“That’s a brilliant idea! We should invite Aang too! It's been ages since we’ve just hung out
with people our age,” Tomkin sighed dreamily. “No kids. No adults. Nan, get off your ass
before I drag you.”
“Aang is a vegetarian.” Nanook was looking up at them with a small smile, squinting in the
sun a little, before his gaze zeroed in on Tomkin. “And you promised to spar with me. Your
hand-to-hand combat is shit.”
“It is not!” Tomkin squawked, offended.
“Yes, it is, and if we’re leaving in two days, you need to freshen up,” Nanook said, a note of
seriousness creeping into his tone.
“Nanook’s right,” Zuko said suddenly, and Sokka almost jumped out of his skin, snapping his
head to see the firebender approaching, dragging the back of his hand over his forehead to
clear some of the sweat that had gathered there. He did a shit job of it. Sokka wasn’t staring.
“Your reflexes are slow and I haven’t seen you spar once this entire time.”
If Nanook’s tone had a note of seriousness, then Zuko’s was the entire orchestra. The prince’s
surliness was familiar to Sokka, that curled lip and furrowed scowl, a glare that could melt
bone, except it had belonged to a burlier, more ponytailed version of the boy before him, and
had lacked the concern Sokka saw buried deep beneath it all. Sokka wasn’t sure if that care
was new in Zuko, or if it had always been there and Sokka was just getting better at reading
him. That was a good thing, right? He told himself it was a good thing. For... strategy. Yep.
Tomkin spluttered. “You-. I-. I am not slow!”
Nanook finally hauled himself to his feet, shamelessly scrabbling for Sokka’s elbow in the
process and almost dragging them both down.
“Sorry guys, maybe another time,” he said, as if he wasn’t sure who needed the apology
more; Sokka or Tomkin. “You two have fun though.”
He grabbed Tomkin’s arm and yanked him away before the other boy could open his mouth,
and Sokka frowned, the implication of Nanook’s words not quite catching yet.
“Wait,” Zuko said, “what?”
And then it hit him.
A week ago, Sokka would have been horrified at the prospect of being ditched with Zuko and
no one else, but not anymore. He'd grown accustomed to the other boy, spending time alone
with him every mealtime and growing more and more... was comfortable the right word?

Sokka blinked in surprise when he realised that yes, that was the exact word he was looking
for. He was getting comfortable around Zuko, learning his quirks and strange mannerisms,
learning what made him laugh – Sokka's own misfortune – and what made him angry –
almost everything – and how to balance the two depending on the day. It had been Sokka’s
mission since the Boiling Rock to crack the Prince Zuko Enigma, and he was finally making
progress.
Sokka grinned at Zuko. He looked distinctly like he’d been backed into a corner. There was
no way Sokka was letting him get out of this.
____
This morning, serious and with his shoulders pushed back, every inch a chief, a leader,
Hakoda had told everyone that in two day's time, they would pack up their things and head to
the White Lotus camp to reconvene with the rest of the tribesmen.
Uncle's White Lotus camp. A camp with a river running along it and a healer whose arm
would still be in a cast and a colonel with sharp eyes who dragged Zuko to the surface. A
camp that remembered Zuko only as he had been, in the immediate aftermath of Fong, halfferal, half-starved. He had left them to do the unthinkable and he had been successful, but
Uncle had followed him, had seen it all, had begged Zuko to listen to him and like always,
Zuko ignored him.
Zuko didn’t regret what he’d done. He didn’t think he ever would. But Uncle would hate him.
Are you truly doing this to protect that boy? Martyrdom and self-destruction are two very
different things.
The memory ate at Zuko, one small bite at a time, a scrape of teeth against raw flesh. He had
seen everything he feared in that library, and he knew now not all of it was real. Kanut didn’t
hate him for what he did. Hakoda wasn’t disgusted by him. But Uncle... he had been the only
one to lay it out plainly, to make it clear where Zuko stood if he went through with this.
You have come to the crossroads of your destiny. It's time for you to choose. It's time for you
to choose good.
And Zuko had chosen. And if he hadn’t chosen good, that only left one option.
Zuko was bad, and now, Uncle knew it. Uncle, who spent three years at Zuko’s side when no
one else did, who insisted time and time again that Zuko could be better. Finally, the straw
had broken the camelephant’s back. Uncle had given up on Zuko. He couldn’t even blame
him, but the thought of seeing him again was terrifying, and that wasn’t even considering
simply being back out in the world again. The Air Temple had been safety, a small pocket of
paradise to heal and make amends, but in two days, they stepped back into the war. Zuko
could feel his instincts creep over him like a shadow, the whisper telling him to survive
returning as a shout. There was something distinctly unsettling about being able to feel the
change in himself, knowing in a matter of days the shadow would be too thick for him to
even see through, and he’d be navigating blindly and there was nothing he could do because
it was necessary. He had to survive. He had to protect Zi Se and the others. He wouldn’t let
anyone harm them. He couldn’t let his guard down like he had at the temple.

So, he’d been training again. Firebending was out of the question. Aang was still running
most of his katas dry and if he saw Zuko doing more advanced training, he’d try and join in,
that fitful terror in his grey eyes that made Zuko’s skin crawl. So, sword practise it was. The
moment Kanut disappeared into his infirmary, Zuko snatched up his sword and found
somewhere quiet, gritting his teeth through every stinging tug on his wounds. He had been
building muscle back on gradually since leaving Fong’s base, but he was still exhausted and
healing and it was so fucking frustrating. He didn’t have time to still be hurting. He had to be
better. He just didn’t have time.
“I’m not going hunting with you,” Zuko snapped. “I need to train.”
Sokka raised an unimpressed eyebrow. “You’re going to hurt yourself.”
“No, I won’t.”
He knew he was being stubborn because Sokka always gave him the same crooked smirk
when he thought Zuko was being stubborn, but Sokka always thought Zuko was being
stubborn, so he’d learnt to ignore it.
“Okay, plan B,” Sokka said, more to himself than Zuko, before his smirk became an evil grin,
arms folded over his chest. “Either you can come hunting with me, something that will keep
you moving and practise your precision and stealth, or I can go tell Kanut that you’re
swinging that sword about like you’re trying to singlehandedly undo every bit of treatment
he’s given you. Choice is yours, Sunshine.”
Zuko glared at Sokka, fury practically trembling in each of his limbs as he thought about the
choice Sokka had given him, which really wasn’t a choice at all. Of course, Zuko could risk
Kanut finding out, or even call the other boy’s bluff, but he knew it wasn’t worth it. Kanut
might force Zuko back to resting for his remaining two days of freedom, of safety, and Zuko
would go back to that cramped infirmary where he couldn’t see the sky. Besides, Sokka was
right. As much as Zuko hated hunting and would prove to be entirely unhelpful, it was still a
physical workout.
“Fine,” he growled, shouldering past Sokka. “Call me Sunshine again and I’ll throw you off
the cliff.”
____
The moment they stepped into the woodland, Zuko shifted. It was a subtle change. The prince
already moved with such an infuriating elegance, even when injured, pushing through any
pain and still holding his head up, shoulders back. Regal. But as they left the temple behind,
Zuko’s elegance became... smoother. Each step purposeful, moving with the woodland and
not breaking a single twig underfoot, his good ear always slightly turned towards the thickest
parts of the brush, and he walked in front of Sokka. At first, Sokka thought it was an
arrogance thing, the prince thinking he could hunt better than someone raised in the South
Pole, because of course he’d think that; he was Fire Nation. But after some time passed in
silence with just the sound of the trees around them, Sokka noticed that Zuko’s movements
seemed to be almost covering Sokka’s. He wasn’t as broad as Sokka, but he had a control of

himself that was mesmerising to watch, and he made it so his body was always shielding
Sokka whenever a noise crackled through the woodland.
The thought that Zuko was unintentionally protecting him – from what, Sokka would love to
know – ought to have made Sokka grow indignant, or embarrassed that the prince clearly
thought he was so useless that he needed to keep an eye out for both of them, but instead,
Sokka was curious, something squirmy and ticklish shivering over his skin that he was not
going to unpack, because the last time he’d felt that was when Suki kicked his ass and he just
really couldn’t afford for Bato’s ego to grow any bigger.
As interesting as it was to just watch Zuko, Sokka also hated the silence. It was suffocating
him like the humid air around them or the twigs and leaves that delicately avoided Zuko
while still smacking directly into Sokka’s face.
“Are you actually looking for anything right now?” Sokka asked innocently, barely missing
another sharp twig. “Or are you just charging through the forest and hoping a fox-antelope
will walk right into our path?”
Zuko ignored him, but Sokka could imagine the pretty brutal scowl that had warped his face.
“Alright then,” Sokka huffed. “You just ignore me and keep up whatever,” he gestured at
Zuko’s back with a flap of his hands, “this is. I'm sure you’ll be super successful hunting with
just that knife of yours.”
Zuko stopped suddenly, shoulders bunching up, and Sokka almost walked right into him,
stumbling to a stop and frowning. Zuko didn’t turn around to look at him, only tilting his
head a little to the side.
“I won’t kill anything,” he snarled, the sudden aggression making every clever retort Sokka
had ever known disappear from his mind.
“Huh?” Sokka said.
Zuko growled, whirling on Sokka, those burning gold eyes suddenly a little too close. “I
won’t kill anything. I won’t,” he hissed vehemently, like Sokka was missing something
obvious here. He looked like a startled animal.
Sokka held his hands up placatingly. “Okay, bud. If we catch anything, I can kill it.”
Zuko still didn’t seem too happy with that, but it appeased him enough to release the rigid
hold of his shoulders a little, and he gave a small nod that made his mess of inky hair fall into
his face.
“I have to ask...”
“You really don’t,” Zuko said, but he sounded resigned.
“Zuko, I saw you kill a man,” Sokka said, refusing to dance around it. “Why not an animal?”

Zuko stared at him for a moment too long to be comfortable and Sokka began to fidget,
before the firebender spun on his heel and walked off with that stupid, noiseless walk of his.
Sokka sighed and followed him, the silence from before returning. This was not nearly as fun
as he’d hoped.
“Fong deserved it,” Zuko said suddenly, so quiet Sokka almost missed it. He sounded at once
unsure and like this was the only universal truth he knew. “Most people are bad. They
deserve bad things. But animals... they never did anything to me.”
For such a complicated boy, it was painfully simple logic, and Sokka thought on it for a bit,
suddenly grateful for the silence. Zuko left him to it, accustomed to the way Sokka went quiet
sometimes when something intrigued him.
Zuko had made a few comments since coming to the Air Temple. It was clear that he saw
their group – the warriors, Team Avatar – as good. Good, in Zuko’s mind, seemed to be this
grand, almost divine label. It was either that or the other category. Bad, an enormity to the
word like once you were placed in that category, you could never leave. And that was how
Zuko viewed the world, split directly down the middle into good and bad. Fong was bad.
Animals were good.
Once, Sokka had been the same. The Fire Nation were bad. The other nations were good. But
that old man had told on Haru and the Dai Li had betrayed their people and Aang had been
saved by a Fire Sage and everything was so, so complicated.
“I don’t think most people are bad,” Sokka said finally, and Zuko tilted his head again,
indicating he was listening. “I think a lot of people are bad, but not most of them.”
Zuko just grunted, unimpressed. Sokka hoped one day Zuko would believe him. If he’d seen
the things Zuko had seen, he’d probably think the world was dominated by badness too. One
day, the war would be over, and Ozai would be defeated, and they would all be happy. It
surprised Sokka how vehemently he wanted Zuko to be happy too, thinking of the nausea that
struck him whenever he thought of Zuko’s scars and how he would have acquired them,
every wince of pain and flinch of fear from the firebender. Sokka had decided that day when
Zuko had lashed out at Tulok that he was done being childish and passive; he was going to
help Zuko. It had made him a little protective of the prince. He supposed that was a human
reaction to seeing someone so hurt; you didn’t want anything to hurt them ever again.
“Okay, new game!” Sokka said, poking Zuko between the shoulder blades and blinking in
surprise at the speed Zuko’s hand reached up to swat him away. Freaky Fire Nation instincts.
“I say a name, and you tell me if they’re good or bad,” said Sokka, twirling his boomerang
around. He wasn’t really looking out for animals anymore, but he wouldn’t tell Zuko that.
All he got was a grumble in response, but he decided to interpret it as a curious grumble, like
Zuko was super impressed with Sokka’s game and couldn’t wait to play.
“Aang, good or bad?” Sokka said, deciding to start off easy.
Zuko scoffed. “Good.”

“Kanut?”
“Good.”
“Chena?”
“... Good. If you tell him I said that I'll-.”
“Throw me off the cliff? So many threats today, Your Highness. I don’t appreciate it,” Sokka
said, grinning. Zuko scoffed, but that was a laugh in Zuko Language and Sokka beamed with
pride.
“The Fire Lord?” Sokka asked after a beat of silence, scrutinising the boy in front of him.
Zuko hesitated. “... Bad.”
Sokka wasn’t sure how to feel about that. He didn’t like that Zuko’s dad was such an asshole,
but it was good that Zuko could at least acknowledge it now, even if he’d had it illuminated
in the worst possible way.
“Me?” Sokka lightened the mood a bit, knowing the answer but still knowing Zuko became a
flustered mess when forced to be nice to people. It was a good look on him, and sure enough,
the moment Sokka asked, a blush began to crawl steadily up Zuko’s neck.
“Annoying,” he said.
Sokka snorted. “That wasn’t one of the options.”
“Fine,” Zuko mumbled, sighing. “Good.”
It shouldn’t have made Sokka as happy as it did.
He was so distracted with teasing Zuko that he didn’t notice the root sticking out of the
ground, and because he was a clumsy oaf – Katara's words, not his – and lacked Zuko’s
freaky instincts, Sokka’s foot hooked on the root and he was tumbling down before he could
even clock what had happened, his knee scraping against the rough ground so suddenly that it
tore right through the fabric and shredded the skin. He hissed in pain, sitting back with a
thump to examine his knee that was already beginning to bleed steadily.
“Ow,” Sokka pouted, and then Zuko was there, kneeling beside Sokka, eyes wide.
“You’re bleeding,” he said, sounding far too panicked than what was warranted for a scraped
knee. Sokka blinked in surprise. He remembered how Zuko had been walking, shielding
Sokka. He'd assumed Zuko was being protective as an instinct the firebender wasn’t even
aware of, perhaps too much time with Zi Se, or simply too much time living in a world where
such behaviour was necessary, because the other option, that Zuko was aware of what he was
doing and was doing it on purpose, was baffling.
Sokka and Zuko didn’t hate each other anymore. They had an agreement at mealtimes, and
Zuko tolerated him, and Sokka was growing to enjoy him. But to protect him? To want to

keep him safe? On purpose? Sokka was used to being the protector. Being on the receiving
end felt like an itch he couldn’t scratch, and he didn’t understand.
“Uh, yeah?” Sokka said. Zuko had gone pale. There was something happening here that
Sokka was missing. There was a wildness in Zuko’s eyes, the gold furious and savage, and
beneath that, Sokka saw fear.
____
Zuko’s breaths weren’t filling his lungs and he couldn’t tear his eyes away from the blood
beginning to trickle down Sokka’s leg, turning the blue fabric of his trousers red, and wasn’t
that a familiar sight? Blue bleeding into red. Red staining the blue. The moment they’d
stepped up onto the plateau and into the woodland, the shadow had swallowed him whole.
Every sound and movement made him jump, a chill sat permanently on the nape of his neck,
and everything, everything was a threat because most people were bad and Zuko wouldn’t let
history repeat itself. Not with himself. Not with the people he cared about. He couldn’t
survive it again. He couldn’t let anyone else be subjected to that.
Sokka was good. He was part of the group that Zuko had sworn himself to now. He had to
keep them safe. He had to keep him safe. He knew this single-minded, obsessive urge to
protect someone as well as he knew his own shadow. It had sat with him in that cell for four
months, and he’d done whatever it took to keep Zi Se safe only to find he’d missed the
smallest of things. A rotten tooth. Akinari's words still made him feel sick, and it surfaced
again now like bile up his throat, because Sokka was bleeding and Zuko had let it happen and
he needed to keep them safe-.
“Zuko? Hey, dude, listen to me,” Sokka was saying. He sounded so calm. Zuko latched onto
that, flicking his wild eyes up and meeting steady blue.
“I’m fine,” Sokka said softly. “It’s just a scratch. We're okay.”
Zuko stared. Everything went quiet in his mind, those two words repeating. We're okay.
Sokka and Zuko were the leaders of their respective groups. Zuko ensured Zi Se’s survival.
Sokka watched over the Avatar, Katara and Toph. He was fine. He was more than capable;
Zuko knew that. Sokka could take care of himself and it was just a scraped knee, for fuck’s
sake.
Zi Se and the others were children. Whether they realised it or not, they needed someone to
lead them.
But Sokka and Zuko were older. Zuko did not need to sacrifice himself for Sokka and Sokka
was not responsible for Zuko.
That knowledge wrestled with the acknowledgement that, like it or not, Sokka had grown on
Zuko, and even if he hadn’t, being a part of the Avatar’s group meant Zuko owed his skills to
the other boy. Zuko wasn’t clever like him, or just like Katara, or kind like Aang, or steady
like Toph, but he was strong and stubborn and a good fighter. That was what he could
provide. He could protect, and he was damn good at it, and he liked doing it; it made him feel
better, needed, like something unsettled had gone to sleep inside of him.

He breathed in deep, held it, released it, before closing his eyes and rubbing a hand down his
face a few times.
“Right," he croaked. “Sorry, I don’t know what... Sorry.”
“It’s fine, Zuko,” Sokka said, his voice still so gentle, staring at him like he was trying to
solve something, before he seemed to catch himself, jolting into a teasing smile. “Actually,
I’m kinda flattered. I thought you didn’t like me.”
Zuko frowned. “Why would you think that?”
“You called me annoying not five minutes ago.”
“And?”
Sokka laughed like Zuko had said something funny, making Zuko’s frown deepen and Sokka
to laugh even more. It loosened something in Zuko’s chest. He really was okay.
“Still, I’ve been harsher on you than the others. I think a normal person wouldn’t like me for
that,” Sokka said, not bothered by the statement, almost resigned to it, like he was used to
people being annoyed by his honesty.
“I already told you,” Zuko said, cocking his head. “I’m grateful you didn’t let me off the
hook. It's like you always say; you’ve seen every bad thing I’ve done first-hand. You know
all of me and you... you spend time with me anyway. How could I not be grateful for that?”
Sokka blinked, eyes wide, lips parting, a flush filling his cheeks that confused Zuko even
more, before he scoffed, ducking his head like he was embarrassed.
“You can’t-,” Sokka started, voice rough. “You can’t keep saying shit like that.”
“Why? Shit like what?” Zuko asked.
Sokka just groaned. “You’re hopeless. Come on, help me up.”
The other boy went to get to his feet and before Zuko could clock what he was doing, his
hands shot out to push him back down by his shoulders.
“No, you’re hurt. At least clean it,” Zuko hissed, frustrated and practically wrestling Sokka
back down to the floor.
“I really don’t think it’s going to kill me,” Sokka smiled, but Zuko just held his hand out
expectantly, flicking a glance to Sokka’s waterskin and then back up to his eyes. Sokka had
scraped his knee. It wasn’t a big deal. Zuko knew this. He also knew he could do something
right now to help, even if it was just cleaning the wound and making Katara’s water-healing
that smallest bit easier. He needed this more than Sokka did, and maybe Sokka realised that,
because something shifted in his gaze, and he sighed, long and loud, before leaning against
the tree and shoving his waterskin at Zuko.
“Fine, Kanut the Second, get on with it.”

Zuko resented that.
____
While smooth, Zuko’s movements could never be described as gentle, and Sokka waited
nervously to see what the boy’s bedside manner would be like. He had to admit, being shoved
down instead of politely asked to stay seated wasn’t an ideal start.
Zuko crossed his legs, shuffling a little closer to Sokka, that single-minded focus returning to
his honey-coloured eyes as he practically studied Sokka’s knee.
“I’m going to get some of the fabric off,” Zuko decided. “This will hurt.”
Sokka had a moment when he realised that Zuko might actually be good at this. The boy had
been hurt in his lifetime far more than the average person; he must have picked up some first
aid along the way.
And then Zuko grabbed the scraps of fabric clinging stubbornly to the skin of his knee where
the blood had already begun to scab and yanked.
“Ow!” Sokka yelled, grabbing Zuko’s arm on an instinct to push away a threat, only realising
too late that he’d even moved, fingers wrapped firmly around Zuko’s bicep. Zuko's head
snapped to glare at his hand and for a tense moment, Sokka was too shocked to release the
other boy, but then he jolted himself, jerking his hand away. Yeah, grab the guy that was kept
prisoner for four months. Smart move, Sokka. Zuko didn’t like being touched on a good day,
let alone as aggressively as Sokka had done it.
“Sorry,” Sokka mumbled, and Zuko blinked in surprise. Despite his stern reaction, he hadn’t
expected regret, and that made it worse.
“Just maybe not so harsh next time?” Sokka suggested, and Zuko frowned, before nodding.
His gaze returned to Sokka’s knee like it had suddenly become a complicated enigma he
needed to solve. Sokka knew the feeling, except Zuko’s solution seemed to be glaring it into
submission.
He settled one hand on Sokka’s lower thigh, steadying him and allowing him to lean in a little
more, and moved to pinch another bit of fabric, this time moving slowly. Sokka held his
breath. Zuko's hand was warm.
It still stung when the firebender tugged the fabric out of the wound, but watching Zuko
trying so hard to be gentle was a good enough distraction, or the fucking Prince of the Fire
Nation’s hand on his fucking thigh. It seemed to be taking forever for Zuko to clear the
wound, and Sokka was suffocating again.
“Tell me about your time on the Ullaakut,” he blurted out suddenly, making Zuko flinch.
“You already know about it,” Zuko said, focus returning to Sokka’s knee, holding his thigh
tighter to move his leg a little, examining from a different angle. Spirits above.

“From the others, yeah.” Sokka grit his teeth against another flash of pain. “Not from you.”
Zuko shrugged. “I started a fight when our ships passed and your father took me prisoner.
Kanut had to stitch me up, but he was... nice about it.”
Sokka had noticed that Zuko’s storytelling was very clumsy, full of half-formed thoughts or
things that only made sense to him. It was funny without meaning to be. Actually, it was a
little endearing.
He needed to get his shit together. Bato was going to have a field day if he didn’t.
“Then Tomkin stole my swords,” Zuko said, scowling, and Sokka barked out a laugh.
“Tomkin, good or bad?” he asked.
Zuko sighed reluctantly. “Good. Just stupid.”
He picked up the waterskin and carefully trickled water over Sokka’s knee, cupping his hand
beneath it to stop it completely soaking Sokka’s already ruined trousers. He wondered if
Katara would agree to stitch them up for him.
“There, you’re done,” Zuko said finally, releasing Sokka’s leg and leaning back to admire his
work.
Sokka pushed heavily to his feet just for Zuko to rise effortlessly beside him. Arrogant
shithead.
“Look at that!” he grinned. “Good as new! Thanks, doc.”
“Whatever,” Zuko huffed, surly. “We should head back. We're not going to catch anything.”
Sokka had figured as much back when Zuko had declared he wouldn’t kill an animal. It
didn’t seem fair for Sokka to make him watch even as he pulled the blade. What a
dichotomy; a boy willing to hunt a man all the way to the Fire Nation’s most notorious prison
being the same boy who could not kill an animal, who could be gentle when asked.
It had been a productive day, whether Zuko realised it or not.
“Lead the way, Your Highness.”
____
Tomkin’s muscles were burning and Nanook was a horrible, horrible person who deserved
every bad thing that was coming to him. The other boy shot to the side fluidly, twisting and
kicking the back of Tomkin’s knee, leaving him to buckle to the ground once again. Tomkin's
clothes were completely covered in dust and sweat, and all Nanook could do was smirk
smugly down at him. Again.
“You’re getting quicker,” Nanook said generously.

Tomkin shoved himself up. “Fuck off.”
Both boys retreated back a few steps, readying for another round. Tomkin got his breath
back, pushing down the frustration trying very hard to blind him, and decided to – reluctantly
– take a leaf out of Nanook’s book. He'd always been a better fighter than Tomkin, even when
they first started training. Tomkin was quicker but Nanook was smarter. It was frightening; he
fought like he was in Tomkin’s head, reading every movement before it happened.
So, Tomkin would be clever. He might not have the other boy’s freaky observation skills
when it came to other people, but he knew Nanook. He knew him better than he knew himself
sometimes. They were prerequisites to each other. It was never Tomkin, but Tomkin and
Nanook. Two halves of a whole. Tomkin thought that even when their bodies were no more
than collections of bone, the same make and colour as any other, him and Nanook would still
know each other, would still find each other somehow.
Tomkin narrowed his eyes, watching Nanook's foot push slightly into the dusty floor, the way
he settled his weight into his heels.
He was about to move.
Sure enough, Nanook exploded into movement, lunging across the small space and aiming to
land a kick against Tomkin. He always favoured kicks, to create distance between him and
the violence, and had anticipated using Tomkin’s typical stumble back of surprise to his
advantage, but this time, Tomkin stayed steady, hopping easily to the side. Nanook's foot
glanced over his knee, and while the other boy’s weight was still falling forward, Tomkin
grabbed him by the middle and shoved him to the floor.
“Ha!” Tomkin bellowed, surprising himself and scrabbling to keep Nanook down, settling for
inelegantly sitting on his chest, knee to his sternum and forcefully shoving his wrists into the
dirt.
“Do you yield?!” Tomkin laughed at Nanook’s dishevelled, shellshocked expression, victory
thrumming through his veins. They'd been out here for ages and this was the first time
Tomkin had got one over on Nanook; of course he was going to milk it.
“Never,” Nanook snarled, wrestling against Tomkin’s grip and finding it unrelenting. “Get off
of me, you lump.”
“That would be cheating your training! I would never do you that disservice,” Tomkin said
sagely. “This could save your life, you know.”
Nanook looked unimpressed. “How is you sitting on me supposed to save my life?”
“Because! It's a situation you could find yourself in on the battlefield! You need to work on
your evasion.”
“I think,” Nanook said, more gently now, a sad fondness in his small smile, “that on the
battlefield, a Fire Nation soldier wouldn’t keep me alive long enough to pin me down.”

Tomkin reeled back from that, almost letting go of Nanook’s wrists, a quick scrabble for
release ensuing as Tomkin grunted in his attempts to wrangle Nanook back down, glaring at
him in warning and getting that cocky smirk back in return.
They were at war. Tomkin knew it. Nanook knew it. Death had always been something they
had to consider. Their proximity to it was like a boat on the ocean, surrounded by it on all
sides, gliding through it untouched but unable to see for that great water around them. They
familiarised themselves with the ocean, learned how to sleep through the hard nights when
her temper flared, settled their stomachs to a new life of perpetual turbulence.
But that didn’t mean Tomkin wasn’t scared of drowning. That didn’t mean he would ever be
ready for whoever that gaping blue swallowed next.
He pictured Nanook, clever and quietly arrogant, lying lifeless on a battlefield, surrounded by
smoke and blood, and almost gagged.
“Well,” Tomkin said, pushing the feeling down, forcing a shaky smile, “luckily you’ll have
me and my superior combat abilities to protect you.”
Nanook laughed and Tomkin shook with it. "Wow, I’m honoured. How could anything ever
hurt me when the boy who accidentally set all of my shirts on fire is there by my side?”
The jab did the trick, and the morbid thoughts surging through Tomkin’s mind streamed back
in favour of indignance.
“Would you stop bringing that up?” he hissed, before settling more comfortably. “You know
what? I'm not even sorry. I'd do it again.”
Nanook’s blue eyes flared with the challenge. “You better take that back.”
“Nuh-uh,” Tomkin grinned.
Which is exactly when Nanook hooked his leg behind Tomkin and flipped them both over,
and Tomkin realised Nanook had been able to escape this entire time.
Tomkin hit the dirt with a thump and a victorious Nanook looming above him, his hair messy
and mud on his jaw.
“You’re going to regret that, Little Tom,” he said lowly, a playful glint in his eyes that
Tomkin hadn’t seen in weeks, and then he jumped to his feet easily, Katara calling in the
distance that lunch was ready.
Tomkin just lay there a moment, blinking at the sky.
____
On the walk back to camp, Sokka suggested having Tomkin and Nanook eat with them today,
and Zuko found that he wasn’t entirely opposed to the idea. Eating with Sokka was almost
second nature now, Zi Se chatting away to the other boy while Zuko stayed silent, the urge

for violence sitting beneath his skin, though it felt dormant now. Still there, like it probably
always would be, but no longer burning.
Tomkin and Nanook had been the first to feed Zuko on the Ullaakut, all that lifetime ago. It
had been a culture clash, a misunderstanding, a tentative beginning to the first real friendship
Zuko had known. He remembered sharing plates with them and learning about the dishes
native to the Southern Water Tribe, comparing them to dishes made in the Fire Nation and
marvelling over the techniques the warriors had mastered that Zuko would never have even
thought to try. He remembered roughhousing with the other boys, Tomkin trying to swipe his
food off him in the spirit of ‘sharing’, Nanook on Zuko’s other side ready to catch him while
his attention was elsewhere. Food hadn’t just been a necessity, but something fun, something
that brought the community together, something beautiful, and that had been ruined for Zuko.
But perhaps not forever. He wanted to try, and while the idea scared him, he trusted Sokka’s
leadership on the matter.
Tomkin and Nanook were more than happy to join, Tomkin practically bouncing with
excitement. Nanook insisted the three of them go inside the temple and he would get the
food, and he returned quickly.
It was harder, Zuko clutching his bowl in an iron grip, but these were his friends, and Zuko
was doing good. He could see it in the thrilled glint in Nanook’s eye that he definitely didn’t
think Zuko noticed.
Though perhaps it wasn’t entirely because of Zuko. Nanook also seemed particularly thrilled
with his latest acquisition; a bone knife belonging to Chena.
“Snatched it when he went to get food,” Nanook declared, grinning from ear to ear. It seemed
a little out of character; usually, Tomkin was the one prone to such stupidity with Nanook
being the one dragging him back. If the look of confused horror on Tomkin’s face was
anything to go by, the other boy had made the same observation as Zuko.
“But...” Tomkin said slowly, tone hushed as he stared at the knife like it was going to become
sentient and stab him unprompted. “Why?”
Nanook smiled evilly. “I am so glad you asked. Remember my shirts? You know, the ones
you so boldly said you don’t regret setting on fire?”
Spirits, Zuko thought, groaning and earning the attention of a very intrigued Sokka. The
tribesman narrowed his eyes at Zuko, and Zuko shook his head slightly, a silent message;
don’t ask. Sokka smirked, understanding instantly. Zuko didn’t know when understanding
became a part of his and Sokka’s exchanges. He thought about their failed hunting trip
earlier, the overwhelming surge of protectiveness that had taken over him upon the smallest
of grazes, and cringed.
“Nanook,” Tomkin’s tone was even more careful than before as he put his bowl down,
holding his hands up in surrender, “are you going to fucking stab me?”
“Language,” Zi Se said, arms crossed and looking very serious.

Nanook tipped his head back and laughed, but it sounded malicious, the boy breaking off into
a contemplative hum as he twirled the knife around in his hands. Tomkin looked horrified.
“No, of course not,” Nanook said finally.
All of the breath left Tomkin in a sigh of relief, and he laughed. “Thank the Spirits, for a
moment there I thought you’d spent this entire time plotting revenge or something.”
Nanook's smile was predatory.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said, before suddenly; “Did you know that the drop outside of
Zuko’s window actually looks down on a ledge? It's very small, but it’s there.”
Tomkin was back to looking cautious, glancing to Zuko and Sokka like they might help him.
Sokka shrugged. Zuko had no intention of getting involved.
“Okay...?”
“How do you think Chena will feel when he looks out and sees his favourite knife there?
When he finds out you dropped it?” Nanook asked, tone still so casual as he twirled the
blade. Zuko realised very suddenly what was happening and had to bite back a smile.
“But... But I didn’t! You have it!” Tomkin cried, the severity of the situation he’d found
himself in not quite hitting yet.
In response, Nanook just got to his feet and walked towards the window, before sticking his
arm out and dangling the knife in the open air.
He narrowed his eyes menacingly. “Who will they believe?”
Tomkin had a single moment of realisation, before the shouting started.
“Nanook!” he yelled, jumping up so quickly his bowl clattered. “Nanook, don’t you dare!
You're evil! You’re actually properly evil! This is so messed up! Nanook!”
Tomkin lunged forwards, grabbing Nanook by the middle and trying to wrestle him to the
ground. Zuko found himself fighting a smile, Sokka laughing unabashedly and drawing
Zuko’s attention. The break at the Air Temple had been good on Sokka, he thought. The boy
held none of the tension in his shoulders that he had in the Boiling Rock, allowed instead to
be relaxed, at ease, surrounded by his family, reassured of his skills and contributions and
given a chance to rest. It wasn’t a chance the Avatar’s group were often permitted, and Zuko
knew that was down to him. All the evils in the world, and Zuko was once this boy’s villain,
just as Fong and Ozai had been Zuko’s.
He didn’t resent the thought like he thought he might. It made him uncomfortable, but that
was good, and beneath that, it was oddly reassuring. He wasn’t that person anymore, and the
proof of it was here, in Sokka’s laughter and Tomkin and Nanook’s roughhousing. They
didn’t hate him.

“Have they always been like this?” Zuko asked when Nanook landed a particularly wellaimed thump to Tomkin’s head.
“Yes,” Sokka said immediately, absent of the bitterness he once looked at Zuko with when
acknowledging his friendship with Tomkin and Nanook. “They used to drive everyone crazy
with their bickering. They're like an old married couple.”
Zuko glanced at the glob of spit Tomkin was currently dangling over a floored Nanook’s face
and wondered about the happiness of that particular marriage.
This would be a memory soon. Time was spiteful in that sense, happiness sucked into the past
the moment it took its first breath, but there was a reassurance to it. He remembered days,
weeks, months where those words were all he had. This must end. This will one day be no
more than a bad memory. When all was said and done, that was all he had. Memories resting
and toiling beneath his ribs, between the marrow and the guilt, a collection of glistening
fragments that he could hold up to the sun and see what patterns they threw across the earth.
He remembered another day, laughing and wrestling through mealtimes with his friends, an
ocean where he was wanted, cut clean and quickly but its edges dulled by time, and he held it
to this newest shard. He wondered how two experiences so similar could exist so differently,
the light glistening through one, bright and joyful, and refracted through the other, skewed,
just missing the mark because something was not quite right. He was so much bloodier than
he had been, dirtied and ruined, and somehow he had still found himself back here, cutting
similar shapes into memories.
He still didn’t know if he could ever be good, good in the way that was so natural for the
others, no more than a simplified question; good or bad? He didn’t know if he could ever
make this resentful body live so easily, but he knew he was trying. The world was wild and
hungry around him, but he was trying. He got dressed every morning. He talked about things.
He didn’t shout when he could have. He ate with his friends.
Zuko was dragged from his thoughts when the Air Temple rumbled around him, shaking with
a colossal roar that Zuko felt humming in his bones. By the time the shouting started, he was
already on his feet, that shadow of instincts swallowing him whole as he slipped the knife
from his sleeve and shoved Zi Se behind him, heart racing.
They were under attack.
____
“It’s Azula!” Katara shouted, ducking away from the rubble falling from the ceiling. The
room that had once been their sleeping quarters was dilapidated around them, large chunks of
the walls and pillars now scattered over their bedrolls upon being struck by flames and
explosions.
The Avatar leapt up and swung a gust of air through the shutters, causing them to slam shut
with everyone inside, but not before Chena had caught sight of the situation. The Princess of
the Fire Nation was here. The Princess of the Fire Nation was here with four fucking air ships
presumably full of tyranny and unchecked trauma and somehow it was Chena’s fucking

problem because it always was with that family. He hadn’t even finished eating, for La’s
sake.
“Come on,” Toph shouted as her and Haru assumed a bending stance, punching a hole
through the cliff like it was made of butter, “we can get out through here.”
“What about the boys? They're still in the temple!” Tulok strained to be heard over the
colossal rumbling filling the space, the walls taking a battering outside, as if the Fire Nation
hadn’t taken enough from this place.
“Then we’ll fight!” Chena snarled, grip flexing around his machete. His favourite bone knife
was suspiciously missing, but he’d make do. Chena had given Zuko a scar the first time they
met and he was more than happy to extend that tradition onto Azula, little girl or not. He
would not risk his tribe. He would not die so far from the water.
A blast from one of the airships cut through the thin shutters currently acting as the only
barrier between the warriors and the enemy, and the sun’s light exploded around them to
reveal the ugly metal armour of a dozen soldiers, hands raised and ready to shoot fire.
Chena’s heart thumped a familiar beat in his chest, ready, waiting. He'd done this many times.
He'd do it again before this senseless war ended.
Chena glanced at Hakoda, whose expression was serious with the same acknowledgement as
Chena. This was going to be a fight, and for a moment, Chena remembered the scent of the
sea as they sailed around the Eastern Air Temple, a small Fire Nation cruiser in the distance,
a fight.
A lot had changed since then. The warriors were not aiming to kill the princess, ridiculous as
it was. Fuck, Chena had gone soft.
Hakoda nodded once. Tulok grimaced. Aput clasped Chena’s shoulder. Bato and Kanut stood
together, just behind the chief. The former was eerily silent, and Kanut's stare was trained on
the tunnel as if he was willing the boys to emerge from the earth. What was taking them so
long?
Without being too obvious for fear of evoking Katara and Toph’s wrath, the warriors
positioned themselves in front of the kids, the escape tunnel right there, and yet they
wouldn’t leave without the boys. Leaving someone behind wasn’t an option. Never again.
Chena would hunt the idiots down himself and drag them out if he had to. Until then, the
Southern Water Tribe would stand and fight.
Besides, it had been too long since Chena was able to spill Fire Nation blood.
He grinned, a vicious shout leaving his lips, and charged.
____
Zuko swept Zi Se up into his arms and wordlessly darted out into the corridor, Nanook and
Sokka shouting after him and Tomkin stumbling to keep up, but Zuko ignored them. The
shadow had returned in a rage and he was trapped in that indomitable umbra, toiling and

snarling like no more than an animal with nothing more than instincts. The others were in
danger. The others were in danger.
He rounded a corner so fast he almost skidded in the dust, clutching Zi Se tighter. The little
boy was crying quietly into Zuko’s neck but didn’t ask any questions. Later, Zuko would
despair over that, over Zi Se having the kind of life where danger was the expected, was the
inevitable, was the baseline. Now, he froze, chest heaving as he stared.
The impact of the explosions had caused a pile up of rubble in the corridor, blocking the exit
and trapping the boys inside.
“Shit,” Sokka hissed, catching up to Zuko.
“How do we get out?” Nanook asked.
“Spirits,” Tomkin whined, hands in his hair, “we’re gonna die down here.”
Nanook elbowed him but it was too late. The words had been said and the initial rush of
action seeped from Zuko’s bones just enough to let the panic set in.
He remembered a cell miles away from Agni. He remembered the smell of dirt and damp
stone and how it still caught in the back of his throat like a cough, and the darkness coating
each wall. He remembered looking at the ceiling and knowing there was enough earth above
him that if it collapsed, not even an earthbender would be able to sense his body from the
surface. A firebender who was buried alive. It was one of the worst fates imaginable. He
pictured the sound of it, how it would feel as the dirt filled his throat and lungs until he
wasn’t even allowed the dignity of choking on it. He escaped. He knew he had. But for a
moment, he hadn’t. He was right back there, and the earth was crumbling around him.
“The rocks are all pretty small, there’s just a lot of them,” Sokka said suddenly. “Zuko, if you
hit it with enough fire power, I think we should be able to smash through.”
He turned to Zuko expectantly, that same calm from earlier in his blue gaze, and Zuko
blinked, looking again at the rubble. Sokka was right; the debris was mostly lightweight,
stacked together in a colossal pile. Zuko could get through.
He nodded once and handed Zi Se to Nanook. The little boy looked like he wanted to argue,
but went willingly, and Zuko stepped forward.
It was a basic firebending kata, one that prioritised sheer force over control. Force and control
had always been elements Zuko was stronger in, and where once he would have sought the
familiar rage inside him to power such a direct hit, he instead pulled on the panic he was
feeling, the desire to protect his friends, the swirl of emotions living inside him and creating
Zuko.
Blue fire shot from his hands and slammed into the rubble hard enough to shake the corridor.
Immediately, Zuko turned his back to the explosion, feeling stray rocks smack against him in
ways that would leave bruises if they ever got out of this. Still, Zuko tried to make himself as
broad as possible, focusing on Zi Se but trying to take the brunt of the force for all of them.

When the dust settled, there was sunlight at the end of the corridor, and Sokka whooped
victoriously, Tomkin clapping a hand to Zuko’s shoulder and Nanook carefully handing Zi Se
back to him.
“Never thought I'd be so grateful for firebending,” Tomkin said, making a sound like he was
dragging every ounce of air from his lungs just to sigh dramatically in relief right by Zuko’s
ear.
But Zuko didn’t care, still blinking at the scattered rocks in surprise.
He did it.
There was something so strangely cathartic about that, about being the one to get them out. In
Fong’s base, he’d kept him and Zi Se alive, but he gave up actively trying to escape after only
a few weeks. The only end to his imprisonment had been a seemingly inevitable death. It had
played out in his mind a hundred times. Zi Se would go first, and with him, Zuko’s last shred
of will. After that, it would be easy. Fong would take him, or perhaps Chan, or even Spider.
Zuko would stop fighting. He would die quietly, pathetically, without preamble or rites or
even anything to alert anyone that he had passed. It would not move the earth or change the
tides. One moment he would be there, a dead-live thing. And the next he would be gone,
dead entirely.
Tovah, cold and forceful in a way he’d needed at a time when he shrunk away from soft
things, was what got them out. Luck and Tovah, and they were pulled from the earth almost
unwillingly. Zuko would never forgive himself for that; he’d given up on himself, he’d given
up on Zi Se. But this here, this quick explosion and burst of sunlight, was warming.
He did it. He got them out.
“Come on!” Nanook shouted, and they were running again, bursting out into the blinding day
to be met with chaos. The sudden swell of noise hit Zuko like a downpour, shouts and
explosions and more and more of the temple falling away; soon there would be nothing left.
But over the noise and the darting bodies, Zuko’s eyes locked on Fire Nation reds and four
stationed airships.
He froze in the entrance to the temple, staring out at the battle before him. The Water Tribe
seemed evenly matched with the soldiers that had ambushed them, and no one had gone
down yet, not even the kids who were putting up a fight of their own in a barrage of earth,
water and air. The Fire Nation had found the Avatar, or they’d followed Zuko, or something
had gone wrong – he didn’t know. All he knew, like always, was that trouble had found him,
and with each flash of fire that came too close to a tribesmen’s skin, Zuko knew he had to
fight.
It wasn’t a shadow of instincts anymore. What he’d felt for Sokka’s grazed knee paled in
comparison to this. This had teeth and claws that Zuko had never had the privilege of dulling,
sinking deep into the flesh of him where the blood poured heaviest, and he heaved with it,
snarled with it.

Tulok and Kanut stood separate from the fight, Tulok’s chest rising and falling rapidly like he
was just having a moment to collect himself, and Zuko knew Kanut stayed out of combat. He
was looking directly at Zuko, a warning in his eyes, but Zuko instead looked over to Tulok,
and made a decision.
“Tulok!” he shouted to be heard over the fighting, leaping over tattered bedrolls and sprinting
over to the startled tribesman. “Take Zi Se. I can help the others. Keep him safe.”
“What? But-!” Zuko was already handing Zi Se over, the little boy’s alarm smothering itself
when amber eyes met gold. Tulok also looked like he wanted to argue, but held his tongue
and held Zi Se in turn.
“I always come back, remember?” Zuko said quietly, pressing his forehead to Zi Se’s. For a
moment, there was no battle. It was just them two and a cacophony muffled by some
invisible force that left nothingness and the warmth of Zi Se’s skin on his, the subtle pulse
jumping against him, the smell of moon peaches that Katara insisted on indulging the kid
with.
Zi Se nodded against Zuko, swallowing a sob. “Okay.”
Zuko dragged his burning stare to Tulok and was met with only acceptance.
“I’ll protect him with my life.” He spoke like he knew the weight of that promise. “I'll keep
him safe.”
No, you won’t, Zuko wanted to growl, not like I can.
“I trust you,” he said instead, against every screaming shadow that begged him not to.
And then Zuko turned, and the fight fell around him in stunning clarity, a mess of every
element and cries of determination and pain and blades clanging together, and amongst all
that movement, Zuko saw a figure stood completely still, watching him with eyes the same
gold as his and fire the same blue as his and blood the same tormented as his.
He stared back at her, and it must have only lasted a moment for the shock to fizzle out and
the immediate danger to settle in, but it dragged on like three years bitten out of their time
together.
Azula.
Azula, and there was a question on the tip of his tongue.
Azula.
Good or bad?
____
Azula had made a slight miscalculation on Ember Island. Zuko had returned home entirely
passive. He did not care to challenge Azula both in conversation and for her rightful spot as

heir to the throne. He was stepping back, and under that new light, they were able to find the
barebones of common ground, far-fetched as it might have seemed to Azula a few months
ago. She knew her brother as young and foolishly gentle, and then she knew him banished,
and then he was a death sentence sealed in an Earth Kingdom general’s correspondence.
But for those few days he was home after she picked him up from the Boiling Rock, it was
something new. Something not unlike their brittle alliance of childhood but not entirely like it
either. It had made Azula think, naively, that perhaps her brother could be useful to her after
all. He was strong-willed and skilled in combat, and he was now the second wielder of the
blue flame in their generation, but most of all, he cared for Azula. He did not see a monster;
he saw his little sister. He looked at her with a rawness so intense it was frustrating, because
he should fear her; this stupid trust of his was what kept getting him into trouble to begin
with. But that was just Zuko. It always had been. No one in the world had figured out how to
stamp it out, not even Father. Zuko cared about her and that was more useful than any of his
other skills. He could have been a strong ally that was hers, not Father’s, and she could have
used him while simultaneously keeping an eye on him, just so the idiot didn’t get himself
dragged from home again where he couldn’t be wielded.
So, she’d tried something new. Real truths scattered into their conversations, moments of
vulnerability she’d never allowed anyone else, scraps of that gentleness Zuko had always
clung to, and for a moment on a beach, he held them softly. He said he was sorry. He cared
about her even now, at the end of it all.
Here was her miscalculation, because Azula had believed him.
She didn’t think he lied simply because he wasn’t smart enough to trick Azula, but he had
changed his priorities so easily. It was like Mother all over again, because as natural as it was
to dismiss that woman altogether, Azula knew her mother had cared for her; in fact the
knowledge of that gave Azula some sick satisfaction. She just hadn’t cared enough.
Azula’s skin itched where it brushed her sleeve and she held a familiar golden gaze over the
battle. She had underestimated Zuko once in her entire life and had paid for it. Now, he was
here with the Avatar. He'd said he couldn’t allow Father’s attack, and naturally, Azula
assumed he was leaving to warn the Earth Kingdom, but it seemed her brother had a bigger
treachery in mind.
Had Father known? Azula knew Zuko had gone to the throne room to face their father one
last time; had he said something then? Why hadn’t Father warned her?
She knew why.
Azula had not stopped Zuko that night.
Father found out.
Azula must remain perfect. She was not allowed miscalculations. She would not make the
same mistake twice.

Her face twisted into a snarling smile, and she called fire to her hands in a familiar rush of
burning blue.
“Hello, brother,” she said, smile becoming all teeth as she walked forwards, her soldiers
automatically turning their own fights away to let her pass. Azula picked her way through the
debris easily, catching the wide blue eyes of the waterbending girl who was currently making
quick work of some of Azula’s best soldiers. For a moment, Azula thought the peasant might
attack her, but the Fire Nation soldiers pushed back and, with one desperately understanding
look Zuko’s way, the waterbender returned to her own fight.
What could the Water Tribe possibly understand about any of this? Azula sneered as her
brother settled into a loose defensive stance, eyes narrowed on her. He would lose this fight,
but he knew that, so what was his plan here?
Of course, her brother had never been known for his plans. Azula had always teased that it
would be the death of him. She hadn’t imagined it would be at her own hands like this.
“What are you doing here?” Zuko asked dumbly.
Azula rolled her eyes. “Do you think the war stopped just because you ran away? Father still
wants the Avatar, and I will be the one to capture him.”
Something pained flickered in Zuko’s eyes, like he saw a familiarity in Azula, and briefly,
she wondered where she misspoke. Her tone had been level, perhaps a little determined near
the end, but not enough for her oblivious brother to notice, right? Had it been determination,
or was she fooling herself to hide that there was a note of desperation here? She had to
capture the Avatar. She needed a victory so that Father might ignore her small failure.
If it weren’t for Zuko, she wouldn’t even have to worry about this. Years of perfection
wobbling, and for what? For him?
Azula wanted him to burn.
____
“Get out of the way!” Chena snapped, cutting his machete up through a soldier’s torso and
using the force of his spin to elbow a second that was trying to approach him from the side,
his momentum carrying him all the way until he turned completely to shove Aput the fuck
back.
“I’m not in your way, dumbass,” Aput hissed, dispatching the soldier that Chena had elbowed
into his path and leaving the two warriors out of breath in the middle of a pile of casualties.
There was blood on the temple floor. It wasn’t right. Even Chena couldn’t look at it.
For all their bickering, Chena and Aput worked well together, the best warriors in the tribe,
and they’d made quick work of the soldiers that had surrounded them with only a few burns
and scrapes to show for it. Tulok was sitting out of this fight, Zi Se on his hip, turned away
no matter how much the brat tried to see what was going on. All Chena could think was that
Tulok must be fucking delighted to be handed such an easy out.

Chena swiped the blood that was beginning to trickle from his nose, sniffing it back up again,
and Aput glared at him in disgust.
“The chief?” he asked.
“Gone to the tunnel with the others,” Chena said unhappily. “We’re retreating.”
Sure enough, Chena and Aput were at the front of what had once been their sleeping area,
and the others had fallen back to the tunnel where the Avatar was trying to bodily haul his
bison through. The bison, it seemed, was not budging. Why couldn’t anything be easy?
“Has anyone ever told you your aura is just so violent? That can’t be healthy,” a voice
suddenly chirped, and Chena snapped his head back to see the clearing they had only this
morning been using to spar and tease. Now, he saw bodies and rubble and blood, and two
people emerging from the chaos.
Two teenage girls, one with dark eyes and a gloomy expression, sleeves almost entirely
covering her hands, but not enough to cover the blades she wielded like she had been born
with them. The other girl was bright and bouncing on her heels with each step, braid
swinging and grin wide. She possessed an almost eerie cheerfulness that Chena hesitated to
label as naivety, despite her lack of weapons.
She must have been a firebender. Chena scowled at the thought, glaring at the girls, readying
for a long-distance attack, as was favoured by firebenders and blade-throwers alike. Aput was
wordlessly doing the same beside him.
“You’re not going to say anything?” the smiling girl pouted.
“I’m bored,” the gloomy girl said, tone exactly as monotonous as she looked, “let’s finish this
quickly so we can go home.”
The smiling girl’s pout deepened a moment, before she clapped her hands together, grinning
so hard it almost looked painful.
“Okay!”
And then she bolted. Chena did nothing, hadn't even finished the breath he was exhaling
before the girl was done, and by then, it was too late. She'd... hit Aput. Her punches had been
light and she’d leapt back to her friend’s side so quickly Chena wasn’t even sure what had
fucking happened.
But then Aput was falling beside him, keeling over like he’d gone entirely boneless, and
Chena realised he needed to get the fuck out of there.
“Shit,” he hissed, immediately hauling Aput’s arm over his shoulders and dragging him up.
He was still breathing, pulse thrumming with terror, eyes shooting around – he was
conscious, but he was... paralysed.
Chena whipped his machete around when he sensed movement, the girl just jumping back
before it sliced across her nose, and her gloomy friend narrowed her eyes. Chena wasn’t sure

if she’d actually get involved anytime soon, but he wasn’t keen to find out. He had to get
Aput out of there. He had to find Kanut. Now.
If he could get to the others, even these girls wouldn’t be stupid enough to try and take on all
of them, but the tunnel was too far away. That freakish girl was faster than Chena even when
he wasn’t dragging an entire Water Tribe warrior along with him, and she got closer every
time he slashed his machete at her, figuring out his movements, his blind spots, creeping in.
“Come on,” Chena growled, strengthening his grip on his friend. No one left behind.
As if to remind him of that, Chena pulled Aput past one of the temple’s remaining archways
and reeled back just in time to miss a barrage of blue fire coming his way. The heat of it
smacked into his face hard enough that he coughed, instantly shielding them both from it.
Even the two girls knew to pull back a little, and it gave Chena a moment’s reprieve.
There in the clearing, face drawn into a scowl, was Zuko, and Chena cursed. Loudly and at
length.
Because of fucking course the brat had picked a fight with his maniacal sister, the Princess of
the Fire Nation.
____
Appa wasn’t moving and Chena and Aput were compromised and Hakoda couldn’t see Zuko
anywhere. The rest of the group had fallen back to the tunnel upon Hakoda’s order to retreat,
but he couldn’t shout loud enough over the battle for Chena and Aput – who had immediately
thrown themselves into the thick of it – to hear him, and he couldn’t see Zuko. An
uncomfortable terror wormed through Hakoda’s chest. He always marvelled at fear’s
proclivity to become a physical, stabbing pain inside him, more of a blade than an emotion.
They needed to retreat. They were unprepared and outnumbered and if they stayed, then the
temple of Aang’s childhood would be destroyed entirely. But they couldn’t retreat without
everyone, and right now, not even those of them that were here could leave. If Appa didn’t
move, the Avatar would stay, and if the Avatar stayed, so would Sokka and Katara, and
Hakoda wouldn’t leave them again. He couldn’t.
“I can’t get him to go in there!” Aang cried, desperation in his voice as he tugged hopelessly
on the bison’s rope. “Appa hates tunnels!”
“Aang, there’s no way we can fly out of here,” Katara said with a grimace. Outside, rubble
fell from the cliff and fire shot from cruel hands. She was right; retreating was a risk but
flying wasn’t even possible.
“We’ll have to find a way!”
Sokka let go of the rope, expression serious, and while he spoke to Aang and Katara, his blue
eyes met Hakoda’s.
“We need to split up,” he said, and the pain in Hakoda’s chest twisted.

He didn’t want to leave his children again. Part of him was convinced he couldn’t go through
that again. But he was also the chief and a strategist. If Appa would not take the tunnel, then
he would have to find another route out of this, and they couldn’t all fit. Some would have to
leave this way. Some would have to leave another way. He'd realised it the moment the bison
had first dug his feet in.
It wasn’t right. Hakoda had long since stopped getting frustrated over the thousands of things
that weren’t fair in this war, but he felt that childish indignance now. Logically, splitting up
was the best call. Sokka knew that. Brilliant, brave Sokka who was carrying the
responsibility of an entire group on adolescent shoulders, who had been alone without
guidance or someone to lean on for so long, and now came the implication that it would
happen all over again, and it wasn’t right, wasn’t fair, and Hakoda wanted to scream but he
had to keep it together. For his tribe. For his children.
“Take the others through the tunnel,” Sokka said, “get to the Ullaakut. We'll fly out of here on
Appa and we can all meet at the White Lotus camp.”
It was a solid plan. Hakoda hated it.
“No,” Katara hissed, so strong, so like her mother as she marched up to Hakoda, but there
was part of his little girl’s glare that searched him, still waiting for her father to fix things.
“The Fire Nation can’t separate our family again.”
“Chief!” Chena called suddenly, and Hakoda’s gaze snapped up to see their best warriors
stumbling into the group. Chena was coated with sweat and dirt, blood trickling from his
nose and over his mouth, staining his teeth, but it was Aput that caught Hakoda’s eye. The
other man was completely limp in his friend’s hold, and Chena – for the first time in a long
time – looked shaken.
“I don’t know what she did to him. She didn’t even hit him that hard. I don’t-.”
Kanut was there quickly, helping carry some of Aput’s weight.
“Was it the freakily cheerful girl with the braid?” Sokka asked.
Chena grimaced. “The very same.”
“Then he’s been chi-blocked,” Sokka said. “It’s a temporary paralysis. Nothing to do but wait
it out. He'll be okay but now’s not exactly a great time to be, you know, entirely useless.”
Sokka winced, looking at the older warrior a moment. “Sorry, Aput.”
“Brat,” Aput mumbled, and Bato barked out a dry laugh, relieved to hear his friend’s voice.
“Where’s Zuko?” Zi Se demanded suddenly from Tulok’s hip, amber eyes wide and redrimmed but scarily alert.
“He’s out in the clearing,” Chena growled. “Fucker picked a fight with the princess.”
"Tui and La,” Kanut hissed, meeting Hakoda’s alarmed stare with the same sentiment resting
in his.

Zuko was cantankerous enough on his own, but now, there was two of them.
____
Azula's fire slammed into Zuko and it was all he could do to throw up his hands and deflect it
at the last second. Their fire might have burned with the same intensity, but Azula had years
more experience with blue fire than Zuko, and as much as his training with Aang was
building back Zuko’s muscle and technique, he still spent four months with his inner flame
guttered completely. It sputtered now, hissing like rain was falling over it. Not enough to
douse, but enough to threaten.
Zuko grit his teeth, glaring his sister down.
There was that rage in her eyes, that malice she had lacked before when he no longer posed a
threat to her. He'd thought... he’d thought she had changed, that she was capable of healing,
but this Azula before him was livid and deadly and he could hardly even stand against her, let
alone talk to her.
But he’d made a decision on Ember Island. He never wanted to leave her behind. He meant
what he said. They didn’t have to be terrible to one another. Not anymore. He wanted to try
and be her brother again. Her brother, how he was when Mother was still around, when
they’d play together and he could not recall immediately what burning skin smelled like.
Once, the girl in front of him stole dumplings from the kitchen with him and they sat together
through monsoons. Once, they had been a team.
Zuko only got this far because he had help. He had Uncle and the Water Tribe. He had love,
enough to begin to heal.
Who did Azula have if not him?
He had to at least try.
“I don’t want to fight you, ‘Zula,” Zuko urged, settling again into a defensive stance despite
every instinct screaming at him to attack.
Azula scoffed. “Then this will be over quickly.”
He predicted the ball of fire she hurled at him and rolled to the side, ignoring the way his leg
tweaked with sudden pain, unaccustomed to so much movement so soon after his recovery
period. If he could just get closer to her, he could read her a little better...
Azula kicked out and this next blast of fire struck forwards like a whip. Zuko's mind took him
to the throne room, to the words Kanut had said only yesterday, to tears and pain and Sozin’s
portrait. It got too close, his reflexes stuttering at the sudden memory, and Zuko felt the fire
singe his sleeve before he finally ducked, landing his weight on his shoulder and turning the
fall into another roll, this one taking him closer to his sister until she was only a few paces
away. She narrowed her eyes, unhappy with the proximity. She looked so different to how she
did on the beach.

He steadied his breathing, and remembered different things, better things. Ran and Shaw and
the rainbow of life roaring in their fire. It did more than just burn. It was not just ruination.
He knew this.
He wondered what Azula would think if he told her of the dragons. Would she feel the same
crippling relief he’d felt? Would she care to know just how wrong the Fire Nation was?
“Was he angry with you?” Zuko asked, taking a shaky step forwards that saw Azula’s stance
sharpen in apprehension of an attack, but her expression shifted just slightly, a tension in the
line of her mouth, and she gave her left wrist a slight roll, like her sleeve was too tight.
“When I left,” Zuko continued, “was he angry?”
“Of course he was angry,” Azula spat, a general statement, but it confirmed the unspoken. Of
course he was angry with me. Zuko was no longer there to take the toe of their father’s
temper. The full force of the kick would land against Azula.
Zuko hesitated, the shadow snarling over him, before lowering his hands completely. Azula
watched them fall, unblinking.
“I’m sorry,” Zuko said, wincing at how repetitive he was becoming. “I’m sorry he was angry,
and I'm sorry I left you with it.”
Azula barked out a cruel laugh. “Spare me the soliloquies, Zuzu. I know who you are,
remember? You aren't one of them.” Her words were barbed and cutting. “You aren’t good.”
I know, was Zuko’s first response, because in Sokka’s ridiculous game, Prince Zuko of the
Fire Nation had an answer so quick it practically snapped from behind the teeth. But then he
wondered. He wondered on all the things he’d noticed. Azula had changed. He knew it on the
beach, in the hallways of their childhood, in a tattered bedroom. She hadn’t told on him to
Father. Not immediately at least.
She had changed, and Zuko wondered if the reason she needed so desperately for Zuko not to
be good was because, for the first time in their lives, they were seeing themselves in each
other.
Was the thought of her own goodness so far-fetched in Azula’s mind?
Did it scare her so much? The possibility that, if Zuko could be good, then perhaps Azula
could be too? Perhaps it would be expected of her to try?
Zuko knew his own answer, knew the accountability that came with choosing to be better.
Of course it was terrifying.
“Things have changed, Azula,” Zuko said, and he was so close now, close enough he could
see the makeup applied perfectly to her face. “You have changed. You... You can be good. We
both can. I know it. I don’t know how to do it on my own either, but that doesn’t mean we
can’t have it. And why shouldn’t we? Why shouldn’t we?”

Azula blinked up at him. He didn’t know how long they stood like that. A breath. An hour. A
beach of two blue flames and a gaping ocean. Zuko had taught Azula how to swim. He’d
turned his back when she drowned.
If she would just reach out her hand, he would pull her from the water.
“Nothing has changed,” Azula snarled. She wasn’t going to offer, but her hand was right
there. She was so close and Zuko suddenly couldn’t help himself.
It was a hunch, a whisper tickling the very back of his mind, but he was moving before he
could realise how stupid he was being. He grabbed Azula’s wrist, fingers wrapping entirely
around her, and the movement surprised her so much that she only thought to tug away when
he was already holding firm.
Sure enough, noticeable only because he was searching her for it, Azula winced, golden eyes
flashing with pain.
Of course he was angry.
Father never burned Azula. Even when she was young and made rare mistakes, he hit her,
fireless. He would never have scarred his only perfect successor. Never, until now. Now his
claim to the throne was wobbling. Now a legitimate threat sat on the skyline. Now Zuko had
turned around and spat in his face.
Zuko’s voice was barely a whisper when he spoke. “Tell me again how nothing has changed.”
The fire came quickly and aggressively like he knew it would, a furious roar that threatened
to engulf Zuko if he hadn’t stumbled back just in time.
He watched his little sister sink, the bones of her hand that had once settled to wrap around
his, the pads of her fingers that had poked his cheek and fumbled a tsungi horn, such a soft,
unassuming part of her body. He watched the waves swallow her down.
Zuko wanted to scream in frustration, but he was out of time, and with one last glance at
Azula, one last prayer that she’d burst from the surface and shout for his help, Zuko turned
and ran to the others.
____
Zuko erupted into the temple before the horrified expression on Hakoda’s face could even
morph into a plan, and Toph quickly threw up a wall of earth to block the entrance and at
least give them some time to say goodbye. The firebender landed in a practised crouch, but
he wobbled a little, chest heaving, hair messy. Sokka could only stare. Azula was crazy and
bloodthirsty and so much worse than Zuko had ever been, but still, Sokka thought Katara
could flood the world and Sokka would still find a way to love her through it. He couldn’t
imagine fighting her, but Zuko had raced from their group so quickly, so recklessly, jumping
right into the fire.

He was an idiot. Sokka absolutely needed to talk to him about the meaning of a plan. He was
pretty sure it was an entirely foreign concept to the prince.
“What were you thinking?” Kanut hissed, scrutinising Zuko as he rose quickly to his feet,
because Spirits forbid he take a moment to recover from anything.
“I needed to talk to her,” Zuko said simply.
“With fire? Was that a necessary part of the conversation?”
“I’m fine, aren’t I?” Zuko snapped, stomping towards them and wordlessly tugging Zi Se
from a frowning Tulok’s arms, every inch of him held taut. Kanut backed off slightly,
narrowing his eyes. Outside, explosions shuddered the entire cliff-face as the Fire Nation
tried to break through Toph’s impromptu barrier.
“We need to get out of here,” Chena said, beginning to seriously strain under Aput’s weight.
Sokka had to admit he was a little assured knowing that even Aput got caught out by that Ty
Lee girl.
Hakoda turned to Sokka and Katara, and Sokka knew what came now. He'd done this before,
after all.
“It’ll be okay,” Hakoda said softly. “It’s not forever.”
Katara looked like she was going to argue, and something sharp tugged inside Sokka when
she didn’t, instead throwing herself at their dad and burying her face in his shoulder.
Somehow, her acquiescence was harder than when she got angry at him.
Before he was ready, it was Sokka’s turn to say goodbye. He thought about a child with
hastily applied war paint smeared onto his father’s sleeve. He thought about the men growing
smaller in the distance until the icy horizon stole them from his view. He thought about two
long years and a boy’s inception in the wake of his father’s absence. Sokka had relaxed at the
Western Air Temple, had thought he could finally share some of the responsibility that had
shaped him to the very skeleton, but it wasn’t meant to be, and this time, he wasn’t angry. He
was just... sad, and scared, and brave enough to let these things show when he hugged his
father.
Hakoda held him so tightly, like he knew he wasn’t fragile, and Sokka melted into the
embrace, reminding himself against the burning sensation in his eyes that this wasn’t the end.
There would be more time, more hugs. They would be okay.
“I’m so proud of you, son,” Hakoda whispered.
Sokka sniffed. “Thanks, Dad.”
____
Zuko looked away as the chief said goodbye to his children, quietly checking on Zi Se
instead. He knew it wasn’t his place to intervene, and even looking at the familiarity with
which the family was torn apart was difficult.

Tomkin, however, didn’t seem to have any such reservations, and was speaking before
Hakoda had even properly released Sokka.
“Wait, who’s going with who?” he said suddenly.
Katara frowned, teary eyes blinking in confusion. “Aren’t we keeping the same groups?”
“Exactly,” Tomkin said. “I’m not entirely sure which group me and Nanook are in. Hey! We
should start our own group!”
“Absolutely not,” Nanook said immediately.
“Why not? We'd be so cool. We could have a fun name like they do too.” Tomkin’s face
twisted as he began to think a little too hard than what was really necessary. “Team Nan-kin?
No, that’s not good at all. Team Tom-Nook? Oh, I like that one!”
“Only because your name comes first,” Nanook scowled.
Tomkin pinched his cheek. “Don’t be jealous, partner.”
“Tomkin and Nanook can come with us again,” Aang said, somehow managing a small smile
despite the explosions rattling one of the last remnants of his culture.
Hakoda looked to the two boys. “I’d feel better knowing you were all together.”
“It would be our honour, chief,” Nanook said seriously, before his eyes found Zuko’s. He
smirked, ruffling Zuko’s hair, and Zuko quickly smacked him away. “Besides, I'm not letting
this one out of my sight again, and the Avatar needs his firebending teacher.”
Everything paused a moment, Zuko’s thoughts going quiet, because he’d known they were
saying goodbye, known they were splitting up, but he’d been so busy scowling at the thought
of Tomkin and Nanook changing groups that he hadn’t even considered their motive, or
where he stood in it all.
Zuko was supposed to go with the Avatar’s group.
He was being left behind.
No. No, that wasn’t fair. He knew it wasn’t fair, could see it in every line of Hakoda’s pained
expression. We looked for you. You have to know we looked for you.
Zuko was joining the Avatar properly. They wanted him. No, they expected him.
And this time, he was doing it without the Water Tribe’s support.
An uncomfortable shiver traced his spine as he thought about Aang’s easy forgiveness or
Katara’s blinking rage that still sat in her eyes some days, but he also thought about Toph’s
brazen teasing or Suki’s wit. He thought about Sokka’s honesty.

He wasn’t just tolerated here because of his necessity; he was welcomed. It was easy to forget
because it was impossible to believe, but he reminded himself of it now, still shaken from his
confrontation with Azula. He had people here. He would have Tomkin and Nanook with him.
He would survive this too.
Naturally, he met Kanut’s gaze and wasn’t surprised to see it already resting on him. The
healer raised a concerned eyebrow but Zuko didn’t falter, instead giving a firm nod.
“If anything happens, I'll kill you with my bare hands,” Chena addressed the group with an
unamused glower, but he looked only at Tomkin.
“Aw,” the younger tribesman grinned, “you do care.”
“All of you keep an eye on each other,” Tulok said, surging forward to hug everyone as
quickly as possible with the Fire Nation still hammering Toph’s earth. “Stay safe.”
He hugged Sokka and Katara first, an old, fond look in his eye, before turning to Tomkin and
Nanook and grabbing them both by the back of the neck and yanking them into a teary hug.
Zuko was just biting back a smirk as he watched Chena clap a hand to Sokka’s shoulder that
seemed to shake the boy all the way down to his toes when Tulok turned next to Zuko, and
Zuko realised that the man fully intended to hug him.
“Um,” Zuko said simply.
“Stop looking so terrified, Your Highness,” Tulok smiled, ruffling Zuko’s hair, a habit a few
people had picked up and one Zuko very much detested. Tulok moved slowly, illustrating
clearly empty hands and open arms, and after a moment of hesitation, jaw locked and teeth
grinding into one another, Zuko stepped awkwardly forward. He didn’t hug Tulok back even
though Zi Se decided to grab the tribesman by his head, but Tulok didn’t mind, hugging Zuko
just tight enough to be reassuring but not so tight that it was suffocating, pulling back quicker
than he did with the others, eyes soft and understanding.
“My plight with Lee was one of forgiveness,” he said just for them to hear over the sound of
everyone else’s farewells, and Zuko’s breath caught. “It was not the Fire Nation I needed to
forgive, but myself and the violence I was forced to commit in order to protect my people,
my home. Remember that.”
And Zuko... he knew that. Knew that, as much as Tulok regretted Lee’s death from a human
level, he also wouldn’t take it back if he could. Lee had to die just as much as he didn’t
deserve to, and Tulok had to fight to forgive himself for that, for the cruel things soft hands
had done when left with no other option.
Zuko nodded. “I will.”
Tulok’s smile grew, offering one last hair ruffle to Zi Se before he stepped back to join the
others, which left Kanut directly in Zuko’s line of sight.
Zuko scowled. “I’m not hugging you.”

“I’ll try to recover from the emotional devastation of such a blow,” Kanut said monotonously,
crossing his arms like the thought of a hug made him just as uncomfortable as it did Zuko.
It was silent for a moment between them. Zuko didn’t know what to say, or how to say it. He
didn’t know how to ask for this. What was the point in saying he wished Kanut didn’t have to
go when they both knew there was no other option? The admission of his fondness was
humiliatingly pointless.
“I know already, tough guy,” Kanut said suddenly, lips tugging at the corner, voice
surprisingly soft. “You don’t need to be weird about it.”
Zuko blinked, before letting out a dry scoff, smiling. “You’re weird,” he said lamely. “I didn’t
even say anything.”
Kanut shrugged, rolling his eyes. “Whatever.”
“Whatever,” Zuko agreed quietly, and he knew they’d said all they needed to, that sudden
panic in his chest easing back into something warm.
Kanut walked to join the others, but before he passed, he placed a hand to Zuko’s shoulder,
not looking at him but squeezing a little.
“Think about some of the things I've said, okay?”
Flashes of pain and memory, so often the same thing. Zuko swallowed an acrid taste in his
mouth and shrugged Kanut off him, glaring at the ground.
Still, he said; “Okay.”
Chena gave Zuko no more than a jerky nod that Zuko returned before manhandling Aput –
with a total lack of care now he knew his friend was technically fine – and joining the others
with Bato fretting right behind him, and Zuko was glad; he wasn’t in the mood to try and
negotiate one of Chena’s pathetic attempts at civility. The Water Tribe stood in the mouth of
the tunnel, Chit Sang’s group talking amongst themselves behind them, the youngest kids
looking scared and being comforted by Tulok. The Avatar’s group had flocked to Appa, Aang
trying to help Toph’s earthbending when it seemed they were finally running out of time.
They needed to leave.
But Hakoda was right there, and Zuko was alone now, and the only time they’d really said
goodbye was in the Boiling Rock, moments before the bloodshed, a compensation for what
they never got in Gaoling.
This wasn’t like that. There were two steps between them. Each space, a chasm. Each space,
infinitesimal. The chief smiled.
“Here,” he said, unstrapping the sword from his back. “I’ve held onto this for long enough.”
The Dao was beautiful and glistened like someone had cleaned and sharpened it regularly in
the months he’d been separated from it, and Zuko’s stomach turned. Good or bad, he
thought, good or bad good or bad good or-.

This took the or from the sentence. This shifted the grammar, altered the structure, changed
the meaning altogether.
Good and bad.
Despite his smile, Hakoda’s stare was unwavering, and Zuko knew the chief was finally
forcing him to this conclusion that should have been so simple in theory. The Air Temple had
been a reprieve, a healing period, but now, they stepped into the real world again.
Zuko wasn’t allowed the easy route anymore.
“Thank you,” Zuko said, and that said it all as he reached out for his sword, a perfect match
for the one in his scabbard, one a warning and a last act of loyalty, of compassion, the other a
murder weapon. Two halves of one whole. His fingers shook as they wrapped around the
handle. The weight shouldn’t feel so familiar when he had done everything to cut up this side
of himself.
“I’m proud of you, Zuko,” Hakoda said, and Zuko flinched when his hand reached out to
hold the left side of his face, thumb swiping heavily over his scar, unafraid. Zuko was more
surprised that he let him, frozen beneath Hakoda’s touch that prickled with a tell-tale burn.
“You’re not alone,” he said seriously. “Everything I've told you still stands even if I'm not
there to repeat myself. You will have bad days. You will get better in spite of them.”
Zuko could only blink up at the chief, throat tight, eyes burning. Agni, he was so scared, but
he wanted to believe Hakoda, wanted to be able to do this. When Hakoda walked towards the
tunnel, Zuko watched him go a moment, heart thumping heavily in his chest, before he turned
to Tomkin’s warm smile and Nanook’s attempts to haul the other boy back into Appa’s saddle
before he fell off the side. You're not alone. He'd say it until it meant something.
Toph was going to use the rubble to earthbend a shield around the bison. It couldn’t last, but
it would get them out of Azula’s firing range and into the open air, and after that, they would
be okay. It wouldn’t take them longer than a week to get to the White Lotus camp, and they
would all be reunited again.
One week.
Zuko steeled himself, holding Zi Se tighter and giving him a reassuring smile, before walking
towards the mismatched group of children.
“Let’s get out of here,” Toph decided, and she spoke like there wasn’t a person alive that
could stop her. Zuko settled himself into Appa’s saddle. Three years looking and countless
weeks hunting the Avatar, and now Zuko was sat on his bison with a five-year-old peering at
everything with wide eyes. It was all he could do to shake his head at the ridiculousness of it
all, like if he jostled his thoughts enough, he might wake up and find himself back on the
Erlong, the sounds of music night drifting up through his open window. Sokka caught his
expression and wiggled his eyebrows knowingly, and Zuko contemplated kicking him.

“Yip yip!” Aang called. The bison lifted into the sky and Toph yanked down the earth wall,
quickly reforming it into a shield around Appa’s face as they pushed out into the open air.
Sound hit them all at once, deafening explosions and the particular whistle fire made when
hurling towards you. Zuko crouched as best he could, his sword still in his hand as he
scanned the temple below. He spotted Azula quickly, her fists blazing blue as she watched
him leave with furious eyes.
Next, he saw a familiar form, tall and moody like she’d rather be anywhere else. He'd known
the moment Sokka deduced that Aput had been chi-blocked that Ty Lee was here, which
meant Mai wasn’t far behind. He met her tawny gaze now, flicking a glance to the knife in
her hand.
She could hit them from here. Zuko knew she could, and with pinpoint, fatal accuracy. For
the few moments before Appa shot off completely, Zuko and Mai stared each other down. He
wasn’t sure if he was willing her to try something, to show her true loyalty, or urging her to
stand down, but slowly, so subtle it was nearly imperceivable, Mai lowered the blade.
He breathed out in relief and a certain sadness. Something to miss, despite it all.
“So,” Tomkin said, and Zuko turned to see him staring with a knowing grin, “who was that?”
____
There seemed to be a concept amongst the people here, forced upon them by a war living
within Zuko’s bloodstream, that home was not a place but a feeling, like the cold coming in
from a harsh breeze or the bubble of laughter in your chest. It was not about brick or wood or
tarp, but people, family, whatever meaning given to the word. They found earth in the souls
of each other and it was there they planted roots, not on some plot of land, and even scattered
across the world, that home stood firm and tall.
Zuko felt himself building, learning to accommodate new things, bringing down the hammer.
He wondered what home was to him. An echoing palace. Dead portraits. Anger at the dinner
table. Fire. He would build something better and full of love, but he couldn’t demolish his old
house. One day, he hoped it would be no more than a relic, a memory, something that didn’t
hold living people anymore, but if he tried to burn it down or take his hammer and smash the
windows, he knew it would still stand firm and tall, his hands now burnt, the glass slicing
skin. His home fought back, and had done since before he came along, and would do so long
after, this war sitting in their family tracing back ten decades, three generations.
He would be picking his home from his fingernails all his life.

Chapter End Notes

tom nook in-fic namedrop 3 dead 30385 injured. im not even sorry at this point and it
will happen again

Chapter 42: ii. All Things Go
Chapter Notes

yes it's been just over three months since the last update but by the taob calender that's
an insanely quick update and you should all be grateful both to rori and my
overwhelming sense of spite. 'hella it's mean to pit your readers against your mutual
with the promise of a taob update if they vote against them on a poll' i simply do not
care. we won the poll btw. i still dont even know who killian is.
i wrote the last 3k words of this chapter while nauseous and trembling in a coffee shop
bc i forgot to eat today and had drank one (1) iced coffee by 6pm (yes we should call
bella hadid about it). somehow like all of my most batshit writing environments this has
produced some of my favourite scenes of the entire fic. idk why i bother anymore. this
chapter is about the people that love you not always knowing the best course of action
but the love being there anyway <3 it's about the people that will bring you into the light
and the people that will sit with you in the dark and how ultimately we need both in our
lives and the love of each is not more or less or better or worse it just depends entirely
on what you need in that moment <3 i also gave zuko sensory issues seemingly for no
other reason but my aforementioned spite. the duality of taob. you guys should start
paying me.
TAOB CHAPTER BY CHAPTER SUMMARY IS HERE! YOU NO LONGER HAVE
TO REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED LAST CHAPTER AFTER MONTHS
BETWEEN UPDATES! LOVE YOU <333
okay love you take ur meds eat well drink water punch nazis dont do anything i wouldnt
do mwah mwah

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It had been one day and one night since they left the Western Air Temple and Zuko had a
headache.
It had been building since Appa first burst into the sky and they fled from Azula’s attack, like
the smallest grain of gravel had inched itself under his skull; miniscule, bearable, but present
nonetheless, a pressure that became pebble-sized after hours of flying and planning and
talking, endless talking, until finally, it started to get dark and they were forced to make
camp.
Zuko had been snappy, he knew he had. He stalked the perimeter of their camp so many
times he thought he might tread a path into the grass, and each time he tried to sit with the
others, to settle, he’d grow restless again with an urge to check just once more that they were
safe here. He thought someone might have followed them, or would at least be tracking them

down, or perhaps there were locals here that wouldn’t be friendly, or wild animals. His mind
tortured him with endless images of their little group, his little group, the ones Hakoda had
left him with to protect, being torn apart by blades and teeth. He had to just... check. Just
once more. It was hard enough when it was just Zi Se under his charge, but now there were
eight of them to look out for. Seven, really, when he was lucid enough to acknowledge that
Sokka could share some of the burden, and four if he followed that logic with Tomkin,
Nanook and Suki. Still, four people to keep alive, to protect when the danger wasn’t limited
to a small cell. The world was so cruel and full of horrors. How was anybody supposed to
save anyone?
He'd sat down by the fire in the end and ignored the looks Nanook was throwing him. His
headache was pounding now, like the stone wanted to break back through his skull, and Zuko
felt aware of every part of himself, felt the coarse material of his black clothes dragging
against his skin, felt the bright light of the fire catching his eyes even when he squinted them
closed, felt each bark of laughter and sudden swell of chatter. It was all too much, too loud,
too soon and yet why was it happening now? He'd never had anything like this in the White
Lotus camp and he’d been fine getting to the Air Temple with Zi Se, but he guessed he was
distracted then, too far into survival mode to see the wood for the trees. The temple itself had
been the opposite; a recurring reminder of safety, certainty, a warm place free of danger for
him to get his strength back.
He thought he’d gotten his strength back, or was at least on the right track, but one step into
the real world and he felt like everything in him was shutting down. He almost found himself
craving the darkness and solitude of the cell in Fong’s base. He knew his place there, knew
the pain was coming and didn’t need to worry over pointless uncertainties.
So Zuko went to bed early, and ignored the confused looks it earnt him, and snapped when
Tomkin tried to catch up to him.
He just... needed to be alone. Until the headache went away. Until it wasn’t all so... much.
It had been one day and one night since they left the Western Air Temple. The dawn was
breaking outside – Zuko could feel it – and the headache had become a layer of stone coating
every crevice of his skull until he was weighed down with it. Moving sent sharp stabs of pain
behind his eyes and through his temples, and while he’d closed the tent tight last night, light
was beginning to crawl beneath the tarp like the beginning flickers of a fire, and it burned.
He needed to get up, but instead, Zuko pulled his blanket over his head and turned away.
Exhaustion sat in his bones, in his mind, like stone. He imagined the cell, where all he had to
ask of himself was to survive the day, and his stomach turned from the longing it brought
him.
____
They were making good time with Appa, to the point Nanook expected they’d arrive at the
White Lotus camp days before the others and would be sat twiddling their thumbs with
nothing to do. How did anyone do anything without a flying bison? It was revolutionary.

So when Zuko didn’t get up for his dawn meditation and practise with Aang, Nanook wasn’t
so much in a hurry as he was concerned. The firebender had been acting strange the night
before, skittish, irritable in a way that surpassed his terrible social skills into the realm of a
genuine problem. Sokka had noticed too, and the boys decided quickly amongst themselves
that they should stay at their camp longer than originally scheduled today. They could leave
in the late afternoon instead of early morning, telling the others it was for training purposes.
Aang didn’t complain. It seemed every day his anxiety around the impending comet
increased, and there was nothing Nanook could do to help.
Katara was making breakfast when Nanook decided he’d given Zuko enough space, and with
a nod to Tomkin that he knew the other boy probably missed completely, he made his way
over to Zuko’s tent.
It was entirely dark inside, the morning sun streaming in the moment Nanook opened the flap
and causing the bundle shoved into the corner to groan. Zuko was curled into a ball beneath
the blankets, as if making himself as small and compressed as possible, sinking into the
shadows. Nanook quickly stepped inside to shut the tent again, squinting in the resulting
darkness.
“Zuko?” Nanook said gently.
Zuko’s voice was a muffled rasp when he spoke, weak, more of a growl than words. “Get
out.”
Nanook remembered a boy in the Ullaakut’s infirmary, snarling and spitting at anyone who
dared even look at him, let alone look at him with pity. Nanook also remembered hunting in
the south, how it was common practise to cover the eyes of smaller game when they’d been
caught in the traps. Calms them down, his father had told him when he was a boy who hadn’t
seen death yet, they think if they can’t see us, we can’t see them.
Zuko would always be that conundrum to Nanook. A boy so at once prey and predator. It was
what had unsettled Nanook so much about him when they first met, not just his clear Fire
Nation heritage.
“Zuko,” Nanook sighed, carefully sitting himself at Zuko’s feet, enough distance between
them so as not to startle him, “tell me what’s wrong. I want to help.”
“You can’t,” Zuko bit out.
Nanook worried that was true. He didn’t have Hakoda’s experience or Kanut’s way with
understanding Zuko instantaneously. But he cared about him just as much as they did, and
that had to count for something.
“Maybe not,” Nanook said. “But I’ll sit with you through it.”
So he did. He got more comfortable, allowed his leg to touch Zuko’s foot so he could feel
him there, and said nothing.

The tent flap opened suddenly and Zuko flinched like the sunlight was burning his back
through the blankets.
“Hey guys, what’s-?”
“Tomkin,” Nanook hissed, and the younger tribesman blinked, taking in the scene. Nanook
went to try and explain with his eyes that Tomkin needed to, for once, shut up and sit down,
but to his surprise, Tomkin’s expression became serious, and he closed the tent again,
wordlessly sitting beside Nanook.
None of them said anything. They just sat there together in the darkness. Yeah, Nanook
thought, I think this does count for something.
____
Zuko’s dreams were not dreams, but memories. He remembered the bite of starvation, the
uncertain curl of violence punctuating every waking moment, the smell of rot and faeces, the
burn of his own element as Fong smiled sadistically, skin going from pink to red to bubbling
with blisters and stopping there while it still hurt. Zuko remembered Chan being interrogated,
thrown back into the cell after an unknown amount of time covered in cuts of varying sizes.
He lay there for a while, right there in the middle of the cell, each breath rattling loudly
through him. Zuko remembered how none of them helped him, how Zuko sat there and
watched, a little mesmerised by the language of pain written all over someone else’s body. He
remembered how, in the end, it was Putra of all people who braved Chan, hands not even
shaking as he reached forward. Chan had lashed out at him, knocking a fist into the other
man’s sternum, and Putra wheezed but caught Chan’s arm, taking advantage of his weakness.
It was the only time Putra would be stronger than Chan, and he hoisted the stubborn man up
to his feet, pulling him into the shadows of the cell. Zuko hadn’t helped. Zuko hadn’t done
anything.
How many of them had there been? How many died? How many were still there, no more
than skeletons for rats to chew on? How much of Zuko was right there with them? How long
would he be rotting?
He gasped awake to the feeling of teeth against his skeleton, sweat coating his skin and bile
in his throat, and for a moment, he saw only shadows and the outline of two people sitting too
close. He kicked out wildly, foot smacking into someone’s stomach and earning a surprised
grunt.
“Zuko!” Tomkin’s familiar voice sounded. A candle was lit quickly, the sudden flame causing
another swell of panic in Zuko as he bundled up the blankets and plastered himself to the
tarp.
“It’s us,” Tomkin was saying. “It’s me and Nanook. You're okay.”
Zuko blinked, and breathed, and finally took in his surroundings. He was in the tent still.
Tomkin and Nanook had come to sit with him earlier. They hadn’t left, Tomkin now sprawled
in his inelegant lunge for a candle, Nanook wincing as he rubbed his stomach.

You're okay. Zuko repeated Tomkin’s words, breathing deep. You're okay.
Except he wasn’t, and the adults weren’t there to pick him up when he couldn’t pretend
anymore.
Nanook said nothing upon his lack of apology, but he threw Tomkin a knowing look, and
Zuko hated that more than anything.
“It’s the afternoon, and you hardly ate yesterday,” Nanook said. “Shall I get you something?
We'll be moving on soon, and you need your strength.”
Zuko had slept more today than he had in months, but his body was so exhausted he was half
convinced there was lead in his veins, pulling him down, swimming through his thoughts in a
dizzying mess whenever he moved too quickly.
“No,” Zuko said, even though he knew at least half of this nausea was caused by how little
he’d eaten.
Tomkin looked like he wanted to argue, and Nanook was frowning unhappily, but neither said
anything, entirely accommodating to Zuko. It had eased something in him earlier. Now, it
made his skin crawl.
Which was exactly when the tent flap was shoved open, sunlight pouring through and making
Zuko wince and shrink even more on himself as he waited for whatever fucker had invaded
to shut the flap again, but they didn’t, instead pinning it up to let the fresh air in. Sokka stood
smug in the entrance with the sun beaming behind him.
“Pity party’s over, Your Highness!” he chirped, a bowl of broth in hand. If looks could kill,
Zuko was sure his glare would have incinerated Sokka, but the breeze was surprisingly
soothing.
“Sokka, I don’t think-.”
“You two, out. Katara needs targets for waterbending practise,” Sokka cut Nanook’s careful
warning off smoothly, raising an eyebrow that begged the older boy to argue with him. Zuko
looked to Nanook, waiting for his friend to tell Sokka where to shove it. He couldn’t just
bully his way in here. Zuko knew he was wallowing in his own misery, but what right did
Sokka have to that? Zuko would take care of himself and come out the other end by his own
means like he always did.
Traitorously, Nanook stayed quiet, only offering a curious glance Zuko’s way before he
dragged Tomkin outside with him.
Zuko felt distinctly like a prey animal staring down a huntsman when he met Sokka’s eye,
and shrunk into his blankets childishly.
“You want to talk?” Sokka asked.
“No.”

“Do you need to talk?” Sokka asked again, and Zuko frowned. He wanted to bite out another
furious denial, but this was Sokka. Zuko was supposed to be proving something to him,
making good on the second chance he’d been given from someone who didn’t look at him
with pity. And he remembered what Hakoda said. You are not doing this alone anymore. It
was at once a blessing and a curse.
Zuko sighed, forcing the words out. “I’m... adjusting. It's not as easy as I thought it would be
to just... take charge again. I apologise for letting the Avatar down.”
Sokka passed the broth to Zuko with a dismissive wave of his hand. Zuko didn’t even think
twice about the food in such close proximity to someone else.
“Honestly, it’s probably for the best. Aang's been overworking himself like crazy, so a forced
break from even just one element is at least giving him some rest.”
Zuko stared at the broth in his hands, letting it go silent between them, only feeling a little
reassured. There was still a large part of him, especially without the reassurance of the adults,
that felt he would be cast out, banished, if he couldn’t contribute something, if he couldn’t
pull his weight.
“I get it, you know,” Sokka said suddenly, voice much more timid than usual as he rubbed
awkwardly at his nape. “It’s not easy getting so used to Dad and the others handling
everything just to be shoved back into the real world. I read the map wrong the whole of
yesterday, did you know that? Just couldn’t get my brain to focus and get back in the swing
of things. And it’s like, if I take us the wrong way then I could put us in danger and if the kids
get hurt then it’s my fault and-.”
“That won’t happen,” Zuko said firmly, unsure what to do with how familiar Sokka’s sudden
panic was. “You’re a good leader. Like your dad.”
Zuko took a tentative sip of his broth and realised he was hungrier than he anticipated, going
in for more. He didn’t even notice Sokka’s dumbfounded expression until the other boy
began to splutter in frustration.
“You... You are killing me,” he finally huffed, throwing his arms in the air and turning on his
heel to leave the tent. “Finish your stupid broth and meet us outside or I will drag you.”
Zuko shook his head at the odd behaviour and needless threat, mostly because he wasn’t
actually sure Sokka could drag him, and finished his broth quietly. It eased a lot of the
restlessness with its warmth, filling the ache inside, but something was still indisputably off
and Zuko just couldn’t shake it. It was similar to the sadness he’d felt with Hakoda that night
after his outburst, finally shrugging off the armour of anger to reveal the hurt he’d been
hiding all along. That sadness had sat with him ever since, never abating, a weight that
wouldn’t allow him to take full breaths, but this was different. The same source, but a restless
bite to it, a panic beneath the skin.
He'd barely brushed the surface of the problem with Sokka. I'm adjusting. That was it, really,
but there was just so much more. Always more, with Zuko. More issues, more burdens, more,
more, more. He was sick of himself, how weren’t the other’s bored of this yet? Constantly

waiting for the day he’d reach that miraculous label of better and never quite making it. And
he didn’t want to talk about. He did. He needed to. He didn’t. His friends wanted him to.
He wanted to talk about a lot of things, if just to put words to feelings and hear the tune of
them. He wanted to talk about how familiar this sadness was, and how most days that
familiarity suffocated him, convinced him he would never know anything else, but some
days... some days it was a comfort. He wanted to say that there was a part of him that loved
it, that when he noticed it creeping in again, one of the first things he felt was relief, and
wasn’t that just awful? He wanted to say there had been birds in his chest, caged behind his
ribs, for years now. It did not start with Fong, a single creature in a menagerie. His friends
weren’t the ones who memorised every feather, every sound of distress, every wing-flutter on
marrow. His friends weren’t the ones who offered seeds from trembling hands, slowly
coaxing this trauma forward into something he could name and make his own. They weren’t.
He was. He had preened and petted these birds within him ever since the first had cracked its
shell. This one was rage and this one was shame and this one was the back of his father’s
hand, and the others didn’t understand why anyone would nurture such a horrific thing. They
didn’t understand. They didn’t understand that badness can often feel like a friend. That
goodness can often feel like grief.
If he spoke them, if he let them out, his friends would snatch these birds from the sky and
beat them to death, and they would call it salvation. It was not salvation. In the worst times,
the times his friends were nowhere to be seen, these crooked creatures had stayed with him.
They were the only things to know him entirely, to have seen each awful thing through his
eyes. They were the very language he used to make sense of what happened. What was he
without them? Hollow. Speechless.
It did not negate the fact that the birds were devouring him, peck, peck, pecking away at his
insides, needing more the bigger they got, and Zuko only had so much to give. His entire
body was dedicated to them, to this memory, to this pain that he was both forced to carry and
willingly housed. If he continued to keep them caged, they would eat him alive.
The others thought letting them go would be something Zuko welcomed.
They didn’t understand.
____
Dad was gone. Dad was gone again. It shouldn’t have sat so messily in Katara’s chest; she’d
had two years to familiarise herself with the shape of her father’s absence. But this... having
him back just to lose him again, to the war again, to the Fire Nation again – it was worse,
somehow.
Zuko was struggling too. She highly doubted it was because of what she was struggling with,
though there was enough crossover that it still made her feel weird, but still, despite his
broody, calcitrant demeanour that didn’t indicate distress in the honest way she was used to,
she knew he was struggling, if only because of the shifty looks Nanook threw him or the way
Tomkin had gone quiet. Even Sokka had taken on that observant shine in his eyes he got
when he was trying to solve something. The firebender was snappier than normal, more like
his old self than ever, and when he wasn’t pacing the camp, golden eyes darting, almost

hungry for a threat, he was in his tent hiding from the world. They'd made camp yesterday
and hadn’t left even as the sun climbed into the afternoon, and Zuko hadn’t emerged for
Aang’s ridiculously early firebending training.
Katara thought she might find some mean satisfaction from Zuko’s discomfort. The Fire
Nation had taken her father from her again, but here, their prince was suffering. In a sense,
the very cause of her turmoil was sat a few paces away with his own turmoil. Maybe in a
different situation, she’d relish in that, even though it was wrong, even though Aang would
be disappointed in her.
But she knew Zuko, knew the scars on his body and his own rebellion against Ozai. Zuko
was not the enemy. He wasn’t even bad. Sure, he was annoying and would always be a
firebender, but him and Katara had found common ground. Her skin didn’t crawl when they
interacted anymore. Her heart didn’t thrum with instinctive terror. He was part of their team
now. She would put herself before him if it spared him more pain.
Was it friendship she felt for him? No, maybe not quite yet. He felt almost like another
brother figure for her to bully and fume and fuss over, never doing what she said and always
glowering at her. Entirely different from Sokka’s brand of annoying but annoying all the
same. Like Toph. The thought made a small smile tug at Katara’s cheeks.
At the very least, she knew Zuko’s current struggles didn’t please her. She wanted to help
him, but this wasn’t a physical ailment. Not that she knew of. Zuko had been through so
much, and he hardly gave himself the chance to just sit with it. It was bound to catch up with
him sooner or later, and it seemed having the security of the adults removed was the final
straw.
Not dissimilar to what Katara was feeling, despite the oceans between their traumas.
Just as Katara was lost in thought, combing the same section of Zi Se’s hair over and over as
the little boy sat quietly in her lap, Zuko emerged from his tent, squinting up at the sun and
holding an empty bowl. Sokka had been in there not long ago, chasing out Tomkin and
Nanook who seemed to be sitting sentry by their friend. Tomkin had been more than a little
frustrated to find out Katara was, in fact, not currently waterbending with Aang and in need
of targets, but Nanook didn’t even look surprised.
Now, the two of them were sat with Katara, Suki and Zi Se, chatting amongst themselves.
Sokka had gone to fetch Aang and Toph from their earthbending, and their reticent firebender
was stalking forwards.
Zi Se leapt out of Katara’s lap with a grin. He was getting much better at giving Zuko his
space, but this had been a particularly long period and the child was starting to nag. Katara
had thought the least she could do to help was distract the boy, even if it wasn’t much. She
felt very suddenly useless as she watched Zi Se run to Zuko, looking up at him with starry
eyes and grabbing his hand.
Zuko paused, kneeling in front of Zi Se and saying something to him that Katara couldn’t
hear, turning the little boy’s face every which way, smoothing down the fabric at his
shoulders, expression pinched. He looked almost like he was checking Zi Se for injuries, not

satisfied until his ministrations came up empty, a flicker of relief on his face as he stood
again, ruffling Zi Se’s hair.
The worst part was that Zi Se didn’t look remotely surprised by it.
“Hey, Zuko,” Nanook said as the pair came and sat with them. “We’re leaving as soon as
Sokka comes back with the others, that okay?”
Zuko glared at him. “Why wouldn’t it be?”
“Just checking,” Nanook smiled, unperturbed.
Suki jumped to her feet suddenly, stretching out her arms and giving a crooked grin to the
group.
“I’ll go take your tent down,” she chirped, hands on her hips.
“I can do it,” Zuko said, staring at her like she’d sprouted another head.
“Cool! But I want to, so tough shit.”
“Language!” Zi Se called from where he was trying to climb onto Zuko’s back, earning a
giggle from Suki as she jogged away. Zuko’s glare did look significantly less menacing with
a five-year-old attempting to scale him.
That didn’t make it unmenacing, and Zuko landed each of them with a murderous look.
“Why are you treating me differently?” he snarled. Zi Se paused, amber eyes wide and
blinking over Zuko’s shoulder, slowly sliding to his feet again. “I’m not weak. I apologise for
not pulling my weight today, but that doesn’t mean you have to do it for me. I don’t want
your fucking pity.”
Zi Se said nothing. Again, there was no surprise on his face, just careful inactivity that
seemed so unnatural on someone so young.
“It’s not pity to want to help a friend, Zuko,” Nanook said tentatively, expression troubled. A
conversation they’d had before, no doubt.
Zuko opened his mouth, but Tomkin interrupted.
“Do not say you don’t need our help,” he snapped, unusually serious. “I need Nanook’s help
all the time, and he needs mine even if he likes to act all stoic. Do you think that makes us
weak? That's just how this works,” his old smile melted into his words then, “so suck it up.”
Katara sat there, useless and silent, every word she knew evading her. She didn’t know what
to say. She didn’t know what her dad would say. She wanted to help so desperately that it was
like a pull in her chest, but she couldn’t. She didn’t know how. Even with Tomkin and
Nanook’s attempts, Zuko still looked furious, that near-animalistic glint in his eyes like
everything was dangerous.

Sokka was back not long later. Aang and Toph were tired from earthbending and Suki
returned with a bundle of tarp that she attached to Appa without comment, despite the glaring
she was currently on the receiving end of. They packed away and took to the air, the group
chatting and teasing like normal, but through it, Zuko was silent and troubled, and Katara sat
opposite him, barely a pace away, and said nothing, consumed by her own troubles, an ocean
between them.
____
Firebending with Aang had been hit and miss from the start, the Avatar too busy trying to
master a whole element as quickly as possible, Zuko too quick to anger, fear of fire being
slowly unlearned by both of them all the while, Tomkin’s words from the Air Temple still
echoing in Zuko’s head about drawing from his own experiences. He'd reeled from the
concept for obvious reasons, but he’d thought harder about it, remembering his other tutors.
Uncle had always been kind, patient. It had frustrated Zuko, but Aang would respond well to
some of his methods. Piandao also, despite not being a bender, had been a good teacher. Not
all of Zuko’s experiences were awful.
He'd wanted to start introducing those teachings into the Avatar’s training. He'd wanted to be
a good teacher, better than what he had known, someone who was helping the good guys,
who was useful.
But it had been two days and one night since they left the Western Air Temple and Zuko was
faring no better than yesterday. Every noise was as loud as an explosion, every touch felt like
it was burning him, too close, too much, stifling. He heard twigs snapping where there were
none, footsteps when no one moved, saw shadows swooping and earth rumbling underfoot,
about to burst forth and envelope his wrists, leaving him bound and helpless to the agony that
followed. He existed here, on this grassy flatland where they had made camp, but in his head,
he was with Fong. Always. A rot in his body too deep to merely be cut out. He was surviving
again. Protecting again.
It made him snappier with Aang, jumpier with his bending, out of control. He forced himself
through it on principal, despite the now familiar headache growing behind his eyes. He'd
missed training completely yesterday, and that was unforgiveable. It didn’t matter if his limbs
were too heavy, if his heart wouldn’t stop racing, if he couldn’t even keep his gaze on Aang
because he swore he saw something out of the corner of his eye. It was infuriating, and it was
made worse by the fact there was a considerable part of him that knew he was wrong, knew
there was no threat here, but he had to check anyway for the smaller part of him convinced
there was, and how the fuck did he explain that? He sounded like he was losing it. Maybe he
was.
Zuko shot out a furious blast of blue flame as he finished the kata him and Aang were
working through, earning a yelp from the younger boy who was stood a little too close to the
fire. A malicious part of Zuko felt satisfied by it; that's what Aang got for being in his space.
As soon as the thought burned his mind, it blistered and ached, making him reel from it.
Agni, what the fuck was wrong with him? Was that how it started, violence as some sort of
revenge, slowly becoming the only language you were fluent in?
Is that how it started with his father? Is that what was happening here?

Nausea hit Zuko like a fist to the face and he keeled over, barely landing on one knee before
he toppled to the ground entirely, hands scrabbling at the dirt and hating the way it felt
beneath his nails.
“Zuko!” Aang called, and he was there again.
“Don’t touch me,” Zuko spat out, not knowing what he’d do if someone touched him right
now. It was bad enough being seen like this, heaving in each breath and swallowing bile, his
father’s cruelty so familiar in his mind’s eye. He'd always looked like him. He always would.
In fact, it was likely to worsen as he aged, growing into his father’s features, his father’s
violence.
No. No, he had a choice here. He was stopping the cycle. He was changing. He was healing.
Fuck, what part of the last two days had even been close to healing?
“That’s enough for today,” Zuko said, voice weak as he pushed to his feet, wobbling but
managing to just stay standing. “I’m going to my tent.”
Aang said something, a barrage of concern, but Zuko’s ears were ringing and he was just
lucky he made it to the dark nothingness of his tent without anyone else accosting him. He
collapsed onto his blankets, burying himself beneath them and squeezing his eyes shut tight,
breathing past the headache, past the nausea, past the spinning calamity of what felt like
inevitable horror. You will have bad days, Hakoda had said, you will get better in spite of
them. Zuko repeated it over and over, using the memory of Hakoda’s voice to drown out the
memory of his father.
It worked slowly. He didn’t know how long it took him to marginally calm down, feeling less
like he was going to be sick and more like he was so exhausted he might sleep for a week.
Agni, he felt so pathetic. It wasn’t so bad yesterday when he could hide it out in his tent, but
even then, the others had met him with that insufferable pity.
This time though, Aang had seen it. He would tell everyone because he’d think he was being
helpful, and they would pity him even more. Poor little Zuko, always so troubled, always
hurt, always falling behind.
Again, he longed for his old rage, the way it consumed all of him and left no room for
questions. He didn’t care that it was a lie, a shield for the hurt that toiled beneath, forced to
the surface by hands too gentle to have anything to do with Zuko. He didn’t care if his anger
was ugly and unsustainable, because at least it was dignified. This sadness, this moping, this
exhaustion – there was no dignity here, no fight. It was everything he’d kept bitten back for
years suddenly exposed to the open air for anyone to see and know he wasn’t okay. At least
the anger scared away uncertain eyes. This was just pathetic, and that only made him hate
himself more, which only made him curl into bed more, suddenly incapable of doing so much
as getting up. Something so fucking simple. He was acting like a child. Worse than a child.
This was not loud or immature. It was nothing at all. A complete revocation of humanity. It
disgusted him, and the more it disgusted him, the less capable he was to do anything about it.

The tent opened suddenly, Zuko instinctively shrinking from it, dread lodged in his throat as
he waited for the suffocation of pity, but instead, the darkness returned quickly.
“Zuko?” Zi Se asked in a small voice, and Zuko choked out a breath of relief.
It hurt to move, but he lifted his head, just making Zi Se out in the darkness, and wasn’t that
familiar? It eased something in him. Whether having Zi Se nearby or its similarity to the cell,
he didn’t know, didn’t think he wanted to know, but he beckoned the boy forward. It took
some manoeuvring, but soon, Zi Se was tucked happily against Zuko’s chest and he was
pulling the blankets tight around them like the thin fabric was enough to protect them from
the world.
“Are you okay?” Zi Se whispered. His hands were cold as he traced Zuko’s jaw, his scar,
mapping him because once that was all they knew of each other between flickers of terrifying
firelight.
“I will be,” Zuko said, taking Zi Se’s hands in his and warming them gently, feeling more in
control than he had all day. “It’s just... things feel heavy sometimes. This is a heavy day. Does
that make sense?”
It shouldn’t. It did. Zuko wasn’t surprised when Zi Se nodded, inky hair tickling his chin.
“Sorry I've not spent much time with you,” Zuko said, finally relaxing into the edges of sleep.
Zi Se pushed his face into the hollow of Zuko’s throat, his own tiredness catching up to him.
It wouldn’t hurt if they had a quick nap, and Zuko had at least done some firebending with
Aang today. He hadn’t been completely useless.
“S’okay,” Zi Se mumbled without hesitation, and was asleep just as quickly. Zuko allowed a
small smile.
He dozed lightly, jerking awake every now and then from even the quietest noises of the
camp, always tugging Zi Se closer before remembering where they were and easing up a
little, but only a little. This familiarly, just him and Zi Se in the dark, had soothed him more
than anything had in these two days, and it should have disgusted him, but he was too
exhausted to even fight himself now. This was simple. This was known. For a little while, he
could have that.
But suddenly, a deafening crash sounded from outside, the ground beneath Zuko rumbling
with it and sending trembles throughout his entire body. He was on his feet in a heartbeat, Zi
Se still held close to his chest as he blinked blearily awake. Zuko didn’t even look at him,
surging forwards and pushing past the explosion of sunlight that tried to blind him.
Not far in the distance, Zuko saw a pillar of earth shooting from the ground, Aang’s control
of it quickly wobbling with his panic, realising he’d bitten off more than he could chew as the
colossal rock began tipping towards him.
“Aang!” Toph shouted. She was too far away. She was calling him by his name.

Zuko felt the roil of earth. He heard the way it rumbled. He remembered how it felt.
He was the closest to where the pair were training, something he noticed with a quick glance
to the campfire where everyone else was only just getting to their feet in horror. Zuko put Zi
Se down roughly and took off running.
If he’d been quicker with Fong, it would have done nothing. The interrogation room was
barely three paces in any direction. If he evaded the earth, it would simply pull back for
another bite. He'd be dragged to his knees. Someone else’s blood would already be staining
the floor. His would join and drip over his back, his legs, his ankles, soaking the soles of
cheap shoes, the bite of earth cutting his skin. He used to be able to feel the dirt sinking into
him, contaminating him, forever calloused into his skin, never quite healing right. They never
would, those manacles on his wrists for a lifetime.
Zuko shoved Aang out of the way, the both of them tumbling just as the tower of earth fell
heavily right where Aang had been standing, enough to bury him, a cell ceiling collapsing on
prisoners no one would care to remember.
For a moment, they lay on the floor like that, cut off from the others by the debris. Aang
turned to Zuko with a shaken smile, but Zuko was heaving in breaths, that flutter of panic
beginning to beat in time with his racing heart as he inhaled warm, dusty air. He was out in
the open but the claustrophobia of it hit him like he really had been buried.
“Wow Zuko, thank you so much!” Aang’s grin was strained as he hopped to his feet. “That
would have hit me for sure, but you were so fast!”
Zuko stayed on the floor, one hand fisting the earth like he had earlier. It at once grounded
him and exacerbated the panic.
“What,” Zuko hissed, “the fuck is wrong with you?”
Aang blinked, smile dropping and hurt flashing over his face, already fragile from such a
close call.
“Do you think this is a game?” Zuko continued, unable to stop, voice a cruel growl. “Bending
isn’t a fucking toy. It can be awful. You know that. You were so eager to see fire as evil, but
any element can be dangerous when wielded by someone incompetent.”
Zuko heard footsteps then, the others finally rushing forward over the fallen earth, but by
then, Aang’s lower lip was already trembling, and Zuko couldn’t take back the words.
“Aang!” Katara called, the first to vault over the mess, expression stricken but quickly
melting in relief when she saw Aang was fine, before becoming concerned as she looked
between the Avatar and Zuko.
“I...” Aang started, voice trembling. “Of course I understand that. I... I swear I’m taking this
seriously. I can do this...”

“Aang, what’s going on?” Katara asked gently, a note of horror in her voice as she watched
the Avatar swallow back tears.
Zuko's anger, that sudden swell that had felt so soothing, so invigorating, melted away at
record speed and left him feeling disgusted with himself, blinking in surprise at Aang, unable
to even say anything past his dry throat. He didn’t know where those words had even come
from. He knew Aang took this seriously, he knew how scared the Avatar was of failing his
destiny, he knew how much responsibility had been shoved on his young shoulders. He knew
these things and resented them, wanted to help, wanted to ease the load for the Avatar, not...
not throw them in his face.
That's why he said it though, wasn’t it? Zuko knew that was the worst possible thing he could
say to Aang, the most hurtful thing he could come up with, and that’s why he said it. He said
it with the sole intention of wounding.
Zuko shoved himself to his feet as the others joined them. Everyone was looking at Aang in
concern, except Nanook, whose gaze made Zuko’s skin crawl with guilt.
“Twinkletoes, what was that?!” Toph demanded, the panic in her voice hidden by her usual
abrasiveness. Zuko flinched. After what he’d just said, her accusation was the last thing Aang
needed.
“I know,” Aang muttered. “I’m sorry. I'll do better next time. I will.”
“You’re doing so well already, Aang,” Katara said softly. “We’re all so proud of you, but
you’re not alone. You know that, right?”
“Yeah!” Tomkin grinned, clapping Aang’s shoulder. The kid flinched a little. “We’ll be right
by your side to kick some Fire Lord butt!”
It mollified Aang a tiny bit, that reassurance that he didn’t have to carry this completely
alone, but his weak smile wasn’t fooling anyone. Zuko felt sick. He needed to apologise. He
knew he did. But he just... couldn’t.
So he did what any coward would do. He walked away.
Nanook called after him, but Zuko ignored it and kept walking, cold relief dripping down his
spine when he wasn’t met with the indicative stomping of someone following him. It didn’t
last.
“Hey, wait up!” Sokka called, jogging to catch up to Zuko. Zuko's shoulders hunched, like if
he made himself small enough, everything might stop.
“What happened back there? Aang looked like you just insulted his entire bloodline,” Sokka
said, tone light-hearted, leaving room for explanation, but beneath that, Zuko heard his
accusation loud and clear. Sokka was too smart not to know something had gone down
between them, and Zuko was too guilty to avoid this.

Of course it had to be Sokka who caught him. Sokka, who he was trying so hard to prove
himself to.
“Just leave it. Ask him if you’re so curious,” Zuko growled, more bite to his words than he
intended.
They stopped outside of Zuko’s tent, refusing to enter because he knew Sokka would just
follow him in and right now Zuko couldn’t handle knowing his one safe space could be
invaded so easily.
Sokka's expression shuttered into something serious, like Zuko had only confirmed his
suspicions. He probably had. It wasn’t a hard conclusion to come to.
Zuko had done something horrible, to the surprise of no one.
“He’s really upset, you know?” Sokka said coldly. “Started crying as soon as you walked off.
You can’t just do that.”
“Do what, exactly?” Zuko spat, and fuck, what was he doing? Why was he fighting? He
deserved every part of this. He was wrong. He was guilty. He was bad. So why was he
prolonging it? Why was he making this hurt more than it had to? Zuko felt like he was
watching himself self-destruct from outside of his own body, dragging up a phantom anger in
some desperate attempt to burn again. Maybe that’s what this was about.
“Lash out at us!” Sokka yelled, frustration finally hitting its peak, gesticulating wildly and
setting each of Zuko’s nerves on edge. “You’re struggling – don't fucking deny it – you're
struggling at the moment and there’s nothing wrong with that, but it’s not a blanket excuse
for being a dick!”
He took a deep breath, seemingly surprised by his own outburst, shoving the anger behind his
teeth and forcing a cool calm that even Zuko could tell was fake. That stifling of emotion
only tipped Zuko further.
“You’re coping the only way you know how,” Sokka continued. “I get that, and I’m sorry that
you don’t know better. But let us teach you, Zuko. Let us help.”
“How could you possibly help?” Zuko snarled viciously, shoving Sokka back by his chest.
“You can’t even help yourself. You don’t know what you’re doing.”
Hurt flashed in Sokka’s eyes, his own earlier admission being used against him, but unlike
Aang, Sokka wouldn’t just stand here and take it.
“Fuck you,” he hissed. “At least I’m not taking anyone down with me.”
The other boy returned to Zuko’s space with a vengeance, a little shorter but broader than
Zuko as he glared at him ferociously, fists clenching, and Zuko... he wanted to prod at this, he
wanted to stoke these sudden flames in Sokka. It wasn’t just so he might catch himself in the
inferno. Not anymore. The other boy was too intentional. He never let himself get angry, not
when things were tense with him and Hakoda, not when the kids cut him with what they

thought were harmless insults, not when his competence was consistently questioned. He
swallowed it all and plastered on a smile and Zuko hated it, hated the fakeness of it. Sokka
didn’t get to pull all of Zuko’s ugliness out from him and remain inauthentic in return. It
wasn’t fair.
He felt satisfaction curl in his gut, Sokka’s chest heaving with his rage, eyes a burning fury,
mouth twisted. It was everything Zuko wanted. He'd forced Sokka into a genuine reaction,
and in return, Zuko was finally being looked at like he was bad, pathetic, weak. There was a
morbid sense of victory to it, an I told you so that cut them both in all the right ways. This
made sense. This was something Zuko understood.
He turned on his heel and stomped into his tent, roughly shoving the tarp down behind him,
not quite as effective as slamming a door but with all of the intention. Thankfully, Sokka
didn’t follow him.
Zuko curled up on his bedroll, hugging himself so tight it made it a little hard to breathe. The
satisfaction didn’t feel good, and he didn’t know how to explain that. He craved it, needed it,
but it didn’t feel good. He didn’t regret a thing, but it didn’t feel good. Martyrdom and selfdestruction are two very different things, his uncle’s voice echoed in his mind. Zuko let out a
dry, petrified laugh. What terrible timing.
____
Sokka couldn’t remember the last time he was so angry as he stormed over to a collection of
rocks, determined to find somewhere to hide for a bit while he got everything back under
some sort of control. He couldn’t let the kids see him like this, or Nanook with his impossible
perception, or Katara, who would worry. He'd talk to her about this later, but right now, he
needed to figure out what he was feeling.
Fuck, how had things gone so wrong so quickly? And why had Sokka risen to it? He knew
Zuko was baiting him, knew it in the vicious glint of those golden eyes that wanted to be
punished for what he did to Aang, so why did Sokka play along like that? Spirits, he’d
thought he was going to hit Zuko, and it scared him. Sokka wasn’t a quiet person, and when
things upset him, he tended to be expressive about it, but despite all that, he was actually very
controlled. He had to be, when he was left as the only man in their village. He had to be
strong. He had to control exactly which emotions Katara saw so that she wouldn’t be
stressed. Sure, he wasn’t always successful, and he let her in more as they got older, but that
instinct was still there.
It had felt like Zuko was ripping it out of him, every feeling playing out in startling colour on
Sokka’s face without his permission.
He'd wanted to help Zuko. He was angry that Zuko had upset Aang, but he knew it was much
more complicated than that, and he knew Zuko was currently responding marginally better to
Sokka’s no-nonsense attitude than he was Tomkin and Nanook’s pity. Sokka scoffed as he
crouched behind a rock – he was not hiding – and raked a hand down his face. Spirits, he’d
thought he was the best man for the job, had even felt a jolt of glee from it, from knowing he
could help Zuko in ways the others couldn’t.

But he’d underestimated Zuko, had let himself forget that the other boy wasn’t some
wounded animal and was in fact a force to be reckoned with, an equal. Sokka couldn’t tell if
he was more annoyed with Zuko and his blatantly self-destructive tendencies, or himself.
Who was he kidding? He was definitely more annoyed with himself.
“Stupid,” he muttered, tugging on his hair a little to ground him. “Stupid.”
“Room for one more?” a voice suddenly sounded, and Sokka jumped so hard he whacked his
head on the rock.
“Katara!” he whined, rubbing his head as his sister came to sit next to him, smirking evilly
and entirely devoid of pity.
“Why are you hiding behind a rock and mumbling to yourself?” she asked once she’d settled
comfortably beside him, crossing her legs so that her knee pushed into his thigh a little. Any
other day and he’d shove her for taking up too much space, but he leaned into the touch now,
huffing as all the fight left him.
“Zuko’s an asshole,” Sokka said sullenly.
Katara hummed. “That does seem to be the general consensus today.”
“Aang’s still upset?”
“Yeah,” Katara frowned sadly, “he’s back to training like there’s no tomorrow. I'm worried
about him.”
“You’re always worried about him,” Sokka mumbled, earning an elbow to the side.
“I can’t get through to him,” Katara sighed, ignoring the casual abuse as Sokka rubbed his
surely bruised ribs. “Guessing you didn’t have any luck with Zuko either?”
“I wanted to punch him.”
Katara laughed, shaking her head, before her smile slipped from her face as she took in
something from Sokka’s expression.
“Oh, wow,” she said. “You’re being serious.”
“I didn’t,” Sokka clarified, troubled. “But still. It got too close. He wanted me to.”
“He’s punishing himself,” Katara summarised, and Sokka hummed in agreement.
“You know that’s not your fault, right?” she asked, nudging him much more gently than
before. “We can only do so much, especially when neither of them are being cooperative.”
She huffed a little, frustrated. Sokka knew the feeling.

“I just... It was going really well with him, and now I just feel useless, like I have to watch as
someone hurts and do nothing to help,” Sokka admitted quietly. It wasn’t rare for him to be
so open with Katara, but admitting a weakness like this was hard for Sokka to do with
anyone, and he couldn’t help but tense up, a voice in his head begging him to swallow back
the words, tell some dumb joke, lighten the mood.
Katara held his hand and gave it a squeeze.
“I know how you feel,” she said, and that was it. No advice. No condescension. No mockery.
Just the simple validation of acknowledgement.
It did more for Sokka than he thought it would, and he squeezed her hand back.
____
Zuko didn’t join them around the campfire that night, and Katara hadn’t expected him to.
She'd been keeping an eye on his tent ever since her and Sokka eventually emerged from the
rocks her brother had hidden himself in, but Zuko had stayed inside all day, only leaving a
few minutes ago. No one else had noticed him quietly sneak out, vanishing into the shadows
of the very rock pile Sokka had found solace in. There was a certain humour Katara could
find in the boys’ identical stupidity.
Subtly, Katara gave an excuse and got up, slipping away to find Zuko. No one suspected
anything, and she released a small breath of relief.
The rocks were mismatched and dangerous beneath Yue’s light, and Katara stumbled more
than once trying to navigate them towards the mop of inky hair she saw ahead of her. Zuko
heard her coming, which she supposed was probably a good thing given how frayed his
nerves seemed lately. She didn’t particularly fancy getting fried tonight.
“Getting some air?” she asked when that sceptical golden glare landed on her.
Zuko just grunted an affirmation, and Katara rolled her eyes.
She sat next to him, giving him room but close enough that it was clear she wanted to talk,
and looked out at the grassland before them. Under the darkness like this, the grass fluttered
in the wind like waves in an ocean. It was beautiful, hypnotising if you stared too long. For a
while, it was quiet between them as Katara waited for Zuko to relax a bit. When it became
clear that he wouldn’t, Katara sighed.
“We want to help you, Zuko,” she said, and he somehow went more rigid, a sneer pulling at
his features. Katara continued quickly. “But I don’t think any of us truly know how. I think
my dad did, and some of the others, but we... we don’t, and I’m sorry.”
Zuko looked at her then, like he thought that was it, like he thought they were abandoning
him.
Katara's expression hardened with determination. “But you have to let us try. We’ll make
mistakes, and you’ll make mistakes, but unless you’ve given up, we haven’t either. We're all

getting through this war, Zuko. I mean it.” She searched his eyes like if she stared hard
enough he’d have no choice but to hear her and hear her well, tone a little desperate. “I’m not
leaving anyone else behind. I'll drag you if I have to.”
Zuko let out a surprised laugh, a little wet with a relief he didn’t even seem aware of, too far
into his desire to see them hate him. Well, screw that. Katara meant what she said, and her
own panic dissolved with Zuko’s shy smile as she realised she’d said something right.
“I...” Zuko started, frowning and ducking his head. “I’m sorry, about... well about all of it.
The past two days, what happened with Aang, Sokka... Agni, I've made a mess of things.”
“Yep,” Katara said, smirking. “And you better apologise to both of them.”
“I will,” Zuko said vehemently, and Katara knew he already intended to apologise long
before she got here. In fact, she felt she knew Zuko a lot better than she ever realised. He was
so similar to her. A few months ago, the thought would have kept her up at night. Now, it felt
a little bit hilarious.
“Do you know why you acted like that today?” she asked carefully. For a second, Zuko’s
expression shuttered, before opening up again slowly, vulnerable and full of self-loathing.
“I guess I just wanted everyone to go away,” he explained. “It’s all been so loud, all the
noises and lights all of a sudden after being still so long. I got overwhelmed and the
moment... the moment I realised I wanted you all gone... it was like I suddenly needed to
prove to you all that I'm... I’m bad news. I'm a waste of time. I can’t-.”
“Can I hold your hand?” Katara asked suddenly. Zuko's stunned expression was priceless.
He thought over her request for a few long moments, before presenting a scarred hand to her.
“Just don’t... don’t touch my wrist,” he said, and Katara nodded, carefully interlocking their
fingers. Zuko's hand was rough and calloused, raised scars pushing against Katara’s soft
palm, and his nails were dirty and brittle. Holding him like that, even such a tiny part of him,
Katara felt a surge of protectiveness, like while his hand was shielded in hers, he was safe.
Just like she did with her brother earlier, she gave Zuko a grounding squeeze. He looked
disproportionately surprised by how comforting he seemed to find it.
“I’ve found it hard too,” Katara said. “I’m so... I’m so angry that we’ve been split up again,
and I can’t stop thinking about my mom, and I worry myself. There’s so much anger in me. I
don’t like it. I don’t have anywhere to put it, not until the Fire Nation comes to justice. I hate
that part of me, hate that the people who hurt me so badly still have such a hold on me, that
they can make me... make me bad too, if that makes sense?”
Zuko nodded.
“I don’t know what makes a good person, Zuko,” Katara continued. “I know Aang is good. I
know my brother and Toph are good. But if you asked me what made them good, I couldn’t
give you a set list. I just know Sokka makes me laugh. Aang keeps me honest. Toph,” she

chuckled here, shaking her head. “Toph keeps me on my toes, at the very least. None of us
gets to dictate the boundaries of what’s good and what’s bad, but I think... I think trying to be
good? Wanting to be good? I think that’s a pretty big part of it.”
Zuko was quiet for a long time. Katara didn’t push him, worrying at her lip as she wondered
if she’d said the right thing, if she’d misread the situation, misread him.
When Zuko eventually spoke, his voice was the softest Katara had ever heard it, liable to be
trampled by anything she chose to say to him, completely vulnerable to her.
“You think I'm good?” he asked.
The answer came quicker than Katara expected.
She smiled. “Yeah, I think so.”
It went quiet again, comfortable this time, and Katara let her gaze unfocus, watching the
grass twirl and dance in the breeze, and the late hour began to pull her eyelids down, relaxed
in the company of a firebender she had once cursed.
She blinked awake when she felt Zuko give her hand a shy squeeze, and couldn’t bite back
her smile.

Chapter End Notes

zuko: i am an annoying jerk
katara: sucks for you i categorise those things as brotherisms. hold my hand asshole
im currently writing another atla fic! it's zukka bc where would we be without them (but
no slowburn this time i PROMISE) with a heavy focus on zuko and azula, u can read it
here if ur interested <3

Chapter 43: ii. You All The Way Down
Chapter Notes

IT'S MY 21ST BIRTHDAY EVERYONE CLAP. yeah it's the coming of age with taob
and the highs and lows of that yeah it's gonna be an all day thing yeah i'll get over it
never probably. ive been away from tumblr lately too (but im BACK. this is a threat) so
ive really missed you guys??? crazy bananas. daddy's home!
bc it's been a while since the last update (as per), here's the chapter summaries to refresh
ur memory a bit.
chapter title is from i, carrion by hozier bc im SEEING HIM LIVE SOON. LOSING
MY MIND. like idk if it even has any relevance to this chapter or if ive just decided the
vibes fit bc im so excited for the concert. whoopsie!
enjoy this chapter! i feel like it's not a huge chapter on its own but there's a lot of smaller
!!!!! moments throughout that im super happy with, i feel like lately im actually
enjoying the writing of taob in a way i struggled with for a long time and that's just been
so nice to come back to. taob is always gonna be my silly rabbit <3 love you guys! have
fun reading and don't do anything my 21 YEAR OLD ASS WOULDN'T DO xxx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Gradually, things got easier and they fell into a routine. Zuko's paranoia haunted him, as
consistent a shadow as any, defined by the person it was bound to and just as hard to kill, but
he learned to live with it as more of a companion than a problem. He would patrol their
camps each morning and night, listening out for any noise or possible disturbance, but now, it
was almost comforting; a routine.
It seemed illogical to have such a thing – they’d only been travelling a few days together –
but somehow, all of their unique experiences out in the war came together in a generally fluid
way. Tomkin and Nanook knew of battle, of soldiers and supplies. Suki knew of leadership
and teamwork. Sokka knew of strategy and navigating. Zuko knew of discipline, travelling,
protecting. Between the five of them, they silently managed the youngers of their group.
Katara contributed far too much to be written off as simply someone under their charge, but
she was still just fourteen, and Aang and Toph were younger still, and of course there was Zi
Se.
Zuko had never had a group of peers before. He’d felt similarly when he first started relaxing
around Tomkin and Nanook, but that had been a trio, where this was a group. A real group of
something getting oddly close to friends. It was so different to being around the adults.
Katara was right; none of them here truly knew what they were doing. The comfort of
knowing there was some older, stronger being around to protect them and fix things was lost,

but in its stead came a comradery that Zuko hadn’t anticipated. They all had so much in
common, children of this war in each of their individual ways, and for how much they still
didn’t know, if there was one thing they all shared, it was their stubborn will to try in spite of
it all.
“Your hair’s getting long now, Zuko,” Suki pointed out one afternoon. They'd been flying on
Appa all day, the group of them tired and stressed from being sat still so long while flying
through Fire Nation territory, and had set up camp near a stream. It was a luxury after days of
travel, and Zuko relished in the feel of the cool water darting past his ankles, leaning down to
cup handfuls of it and wash his face of sweat and grime.
Suki wasn’t far from him, dipping her water flask into the current, a curious glint in her eyes
as she watched him. Zuko frowned, threading wet fingers through his hair. It brushed his
shoulders now, likely long enough to pull back if he wanted to, and still a little uneven from
Fong’s rough treatment. He knew if he traced his scalp, he’d feel scars, jagged little bumps.
He could still remember the feel of blood clotting and scabbing in his hair, flaking off with
each movement. It had been one of the lesser things to make him feel disgusting in that cell,
but it hadn’t been pleasant.
He ran his hands through his hair again with more water, imagined washing it all off him, and
he grunted an acknowledgement at Suki.
She scoffed, rolling her eyes. “I mean it. This new look actually suits you. Very roguish.”
“Broody,” Tomkin added unhelpfully from where he was sat looking blissed out on the bank,
Nanook braiding his hair back into its wolf tail with gentle hands. His head was ducked, but
Zuko knew Nanook was trying not to laugh.
“I don’t think either of those things are compliments,” Zuko grumbled, crossing his arms and
glaring at the three of them.
“Zuko, dude, buddy.” Sokka appeared from where he’d been washing his frankly disgusting
tunic, now leaving it to drip around his neck, shirtless as he clapped a hand to Zuko’s
shoulder. “If a girl calls you roguish, it’s a compliment.”
Zuko was hyperaware of Sokka’s hand on him, the warmth of his fingers, the way they
dipped into his skin, but where before the contact might have made him panic, now it just felt
like his mind wanted only for him to acknowledge it, to shiver and know it was there but not
feel threatened by it.
He frowned at Sokka, before frowning at Suki, pulling at his hair a little, curious as to how a
mark of dishonour, a mark that had signalled the end of a life for Zuko, could now be seen in
any way positively.
“Thanks?”
Suki snorted. “Don’t mention it, hot stuff.”

Suki had an affinity for odd nicknames. For some reason, this seemed to bother Sokka more
than anyone. Hot stuff was one of her favourites, which Zuko thought made sense. He was a
firebender, after all. It really didn’t warrant the spluttering and indignance Sokka met it with,
stomping over to Suki and kicking water at her while she cackled.
Nanook was smirking again, which was never good. Zuko huffed and began walking back to
camp.
Things with Sokka were awkward. Their argument happened two days ago, and in the
meantime, Sokka seemed determined to ignore it. It wasn’t that he was acting normally,
because he wasn’t; even Zuko could feel the tension in each of their encounters. But it was
like Sokka had more important things to worry about, too focused on getting them all to the
White Lotus camp in one piece to worry about Zuko and his stupid problems. Zuko got it, he
did, but it was making it difficult to apologise when he felt so dismissed.
Or maybe that was just an excuse. Katara kept throwing Zuko knowing, disappointed looks
whenever he let another opportunity to talk slide, like she knew he was grasping at excuses
not to address the situation.
He’d apologised to Aang the very next day after shouting at him, and it had been so easy, so
painless, like the Avatar hadn’t even considered holding a grudge, and there was both relief
and hurt in that, like Zuko was grateful for such easy forgiveness but felt he was being
punished double as a result of it.
But Sokka? What could Zuko say to Sokka, who always saw too much of him? Sokka, who
had been the only one to push back when Zuko pushed first? Sokka, who might not forgive
so easily?
At least existing in limbo like this was undetermined. It wasn’t often Zuko let himself be a
coward.
Returning to camp made him wince, because this had been another thing they’d all been
avoiding.
Katara was in a foul mood today. It had been building ever since they left the Air Temple,
and Zuko couldn’t help but think about what she’d said to him during their talk, about how
much anger she kept in her, and how hard it was to have Hakoda taken from them again.
Zuko knew a lot about anger, had given everything to begin letting it go, fingers cramped and
aching from holding on so tight so long. Katara had helped him. If he could, Zuko would help
her.
But she was downright terrifying when she was annoyed about something, and she seemed to
be showing her anger by getting annoyed at just about everything, and they were all just
trying to stay out of her way as much as possible. It was easy for Zuko to slink back into the
camp, sitting quietly beside Zi Se around the fire, watching Katara fume and mutter beneath
her breath as she made dinner, Aang sharing a look with him that seemed an awful lot like
they were in the stocks together.

Zuko just hoped Sokka stayed by the stream a little longer. No one angered Katara quite like
her brother.
____
“You know,” Nanook said quietly, lost to the rhythm of separating and braiding hair, and
Tomkin’s was so soft, pliant beneath his fingers. “Your hair’s getting long now too.”
Tomkin hummed, barely listening. He always got like this when someone did his hair.
“Not really had a chance to cut it, I guess,” he said, shrugging a little. Nanook tugged a little
harshly to reprimand him for moving, and Tomkin elbowed his leg.
He supposed that was fair. They'd been away from the village for years now, but this year had
been particularly hard on them. It felt like the war had once been this great, awful creature on
the horizon, snarling at them, batting away their advances, nightmare worthy and terrifying
yet somehow... too great to be realised.
But this year, it lunged, breathing down their necks. They'd taken the Fire Prince prisoner.
They met the Avatar. Neither ended how Nanook would have anticipated. It all shouted of a
proximity he felt distinctly too young for, which was stupid. He was twenty. He ought to be
able to figure this out.
Once, when they were kids, Tomkin had felt so much younger than Nanook that he’d pushed
him in the snow to get him to stop following him around, thinking himself important and
much cooler than he was. Now, he’d watched his friend mature right alongside him. It was
both an honour and a tragedy to witness.
“I could cut it for you?” Nanook offered, coming to the end of the braid but finding himself
lingering, the pads of his fingers just brushing the nape of Tomkin’s neck.
“What? You worried it makes me look roguish too?” Tomkin jumped up when he felt Nanook
tie his hair off, turning to face him with a grin. “You getting jealous?”
For a bizarre moment, Nanook didn’t know what he meant, stuttering over a response.
Tomkin cackled at him, ruffling his hair before beginning to walk back to their camp.
“Don’t worry, Nan,” he called over his shoulder, “I’ll leave some of the girls for you.”
He was still smiling. Always smiling. Nanook let him go.
“Wait up!” Sokka called, and whatever strange emotion was trying to fight its way past
Nanook’s ribs was beaten down by a wave of dread.
He joined the others in the walk back to camp and sighed. “Try not to antagonise your sister,
Sokka. We all have bad days.”
“I didn’t antagonise her!” Sokka spluttered, offended. “She started it.”

Suki laughed, and Tomkin got Sokka in a headlock to grind his knuckles into his hair,
ignoring the boy’s cry of indignance. Nanook smiled to himself, already preparing to mediate
the inevitable argument between the siblings.
____
Sokka and Katara were arguing.
Well, more accurately, Katara was arguing with pretty much everyone, but her brother was
not only her current target but her most frequent one. She'd woken up in a bad mood and the
rest of their little group had seemingly decided to make it their mission to frustrate her in one
way or another, from Aang shouting a cheerful greeting in her face within moments of her
waking up, to Tomkin and Nanook bickering all through breakfast, to Toph trying to wipe her
dirty hands on Katara when she told her to wash them. Even Suki, who usually kept out of
Katara’s way, was enraging her with every boisterous laugh she gave to inadvertently
encourage whatever behaviour Katara was actively berating. It was a miracle they survived
such a long journey on Appa together without Katara pushing someone off. That someone
likely being Sokka.
When Katara got like this, even her brother’s breathing was enough to set her off, something
which he was currently doing entirely too close to her ear.
“Sokka,” she said slowly, trying not to lose it, “do you have to sit so close to me?”
He was oblivious of her growing rage, instead huffing. Loudly. In her ear.
“Why is it even a big deal if we’re down two carrots?” he mumbled, rolling his eyes.
They'd set up a good camp, and most of their spirits were high from being able to wash even
slightly in the nearby stream, but Katara had to make dinner, and their supplies had been
dwindling for days now. Every time she made a meal, she took stock of what they had left so
she could make a mental list for what they needed. Inevitably, they would need to resupply in
a town. A Fire Nation town. It promised to be a nightmare, seeing as the only members of the
group that could pass as Fire Nation were either a five-year-old boy or the very recognisable
prince of the nation, who had kept himself suspiciously out of Katara’s wrath all day.
“Ugh! This was so much easier with Dad,” Katara snarled, emptying the burlap sacks in her
frustration, uncaring for how their food scattered to the ground. Sokka squawked, instantly
grabbing the more easily soiled food and throwing her a glare.
“What is with you? It's just a couple carrots. What’s Dad got to do with it?”
"Everything!” she yelled, aggressively taking the food out of Sokka’s hands and shoving it
back into the burlap sacks, giving up on the carrots and the entire endeavour of resupplying.
She was so angry her hands were shaking, had been all morning, since she woke up with the
dream of a man known more for his absence than his personhood still fresh in her mind.
She'd dreamt of her father being killed, a world away from home, lying in his own blood,
skin bubbled and completely unrecognisable with burns, but for his blue eyes staring
lifelessly up at a smoky sky. And she couldn’t help him, because he was gone. He was gone

again. He was always gone again... and Katara... She was always so angry, and when she got
like this, she wanted her mother, more than anything. And that made her angry, angrier,
because Kya wasn’t here and Hakoda wasn’t here and it was all because of those ashmaking
monsters and Katara was expected to move above it, to be better, to forgive. Anger is easy.
Why couldn’t some days just be easy?
She'd learnt a lot about anger these past few weeks. She'd befriended a firebender, a prince,
when she once thought she could never so much as like anyone from the Fire Nation. She
knew she could move past this rage, but today, it was all-consuming, and she was staring
down a tsunami, a little girl left behind without a mother, without a father, without a mentor
to guide her hands. When she felt like this, she couldn’t even recognise the water.
So she couldn’t be angry at the Fire Nation as a whole anymore, so what? There were still
targets for her rage.
Fire Lord Ozai, for one.
For another, the men who killed her mother.
She pictured killing them sometimes, returning the death back to them, a fair exchange,
pulling at the water in their blood until they danced to their own death march, necrotising
their cells one by one. She could do it. She wasn’t that helpless child anymore that could do
nothing but find the carnage after the fact.
The thought scared her. She hadn’t thought herself violent, not in the way that particular
vision made her feel. It made her feel sick, so she pushed it down, all of it, the thoughts, the
dreams, the anger, and redirected it at stupid, mundane things.
Like the fact someone was definitely eating the carrots without telling her.
____
Zuko had taken the carrots.
He hadn’t even thought much about it. Katara had mentioned a few days ago that their
supplies were dwindling, and the thought had sent such a tangible bolt of paranoia through
Zuko that he hadn’t even listened to the rest of the conversation, focusing only on the fact the
food might run out. He'd known, logically, that they would simply get more, hence the
conversation to begin with, and it wasn’t like they were completely out, nor would they ever
be, because Katara always kept on top of it, but taking a few bits and pieces here and there
just felt like the smart thing to do.
Which meant, awkwardly, the carrots currently at the receiving end of Katara’s ire were
hidden in Zuko’s pillowcase, as well as some tofu, a few strips of seal jerky, and Tomkin’s
water flask that he ‘lost’ yesterday. Zuko had his own water flask. Even he wasn’t entirely
sure what possessed him to stash it when he found it unattended, the only voice of reason
asking him why he wouldn’t take it, still whispering about starvation, about not knowing
where the next meal came from, about a life of so little means and such large want that even a
water flask would have seemed like salvation.

He wasn’t about to admit to his mistake, though. Not today, at least. He truly hadn’t thought
enough about it to realise how it would disrupt the group, nor was he paranoid enough
anymore that he thought keeping the carrots in his pillowcase was a matter of survival. He
was safe now, he was fed and sheltered and befriended, it just sometimes took his instincts a
moment to trip and correct step before returning to the path.
But today, Katara was livid with just about everyone and everything, and Zuko was not about
to put himself in the firing line, thank you very much.
The arguing was tolerable even if it wasn’t enjoyable. Sokka, it seemed, was determined to
tread on his little sister’s toes, and that caused an inexplicable fondness in Zuko’s chest as he
watched them verbally poke and snap at each other. It was nothing like what Zuko knew, but
he recognised it with how Tomkin and Nanook were with him. It was friendly, harmless, even
when the cause was genuine frustration.
“I already told you,” Katara snapped, shoving a finger to her brother’s chest, “you’re going to
help take the tents down, and me and Aang are going to load them onto Appa.”
It was the next morning and Sokka looked a few moments away from smacking his sister
with the tent he currently had rolled in his arms.
“And I told you that it’d be quicker if we all just load our own once we’re done, why are you
making this a thing?”
Zuko had sorted his tent quicker than anyone else and was now stood uncertainly in front of
Appa, petting the bison with Zi Se on his hip, generally pretending not to eavesdrop and
wholeheartedly avoiding both siblings.
Zuko knew he needed to do something. He wanted to find out what was going on with
Katara, to try and help her like she‘d helped him, and this thing with Sokka was getting
ridiculous, but his hope of Katara waking up in a better mood and soothing the group
dynamic once again was dashed quickly and mercilessly, the Water Tribe siblings at each
other’s throats from the moment they woke up, and Zuko would much rather just become
very small and invisible. Perhaps he could just stay with Appa all day, and pretend nothing at
all was happening.
Zi Se, it seemed, did not share his capacity for avoidance.
The kid had pushed his hands to his ears sometime around the seventh argument, a
particularly loud one between Katara and Toph, and Zuko, foolishly, had done little more to
reassure the boy than ruffle his hair in understanding.
He was entirely silent for the flight to the outskirts of the town Sokka had chosen for them to
resupply in and instead burrowed into Zuko’s side. They passed some time without any
shouting, and Zi Se relaxed, but he tensed again when Nanook asked if he could see the map
only for Katara to snap at him that they knew what they were doing. Arguing with Nanook
seemed like a particularly stupid effort, with how patient and observant he was. It tended to
have the same result as shooting yourself in the foot.

It also seemed like Zi Se’s last straw, because the next thing Zuko knew, the kid was crying.
It wasn’t loud at first, just quiet sniffles and the sudden dampness of Zuko’s shirt, but the
louder Katara got – Nanook responding with even, unbothered quips – the louder Zi Se got,
almost like he was matching her.
Zuko moved him to his lap, holding his face in his hands and frowning.
“Hey, hey, you’re okay,” he shushed, wiping the tears even as they kept coming. “What’s
wrong? What happened?”
Zi Se wailed, burying his face against Zuko again, little fists grabbing at his shirt. He
seemed... frustrated, more than genuinely distraught, but Zuko didn’t know why, knew only
that it correlated with the incessant bickering.
He glared at Katara as he rubbed circles into Zi Se’s back. “You’re upsetting him.”
“Me?!” she shrieked, and Zi Se cried louder. The noise grated on Zuko’s nerves in a distinctly
unsettling way, that shadow in his mind whispering that Zi Se was in pain, something was
wrong, Zuko had missed something, fix it, fix it, fix it. He felt like he was in the cell again.
He felt like he was back at the Air Temple with Hakoda, ignoring the child between them
while he cried and cried and cried.
“How long until we land?” he asked, desperately wrestling the panic out of his voice. If the
way Sokka looked at him properly for the first time since their argument was anything to go
by, Zuko failed magnificently.
“We’re almost there,” Aang said, voice soothing. Zuko chose to believe he was talking like
that for Zi Se’s sake.
There was nothing Zuko could do in the meantime but hold Zi Se and mutter reassurances,
praying to whatever spirit was listening that the boy would be quiet. Zuko's heart was
thundering against his ribs by the time they blessedly began to descend, and he was aware
that he was getting a few distasteful looks for Zi Se’s crying, but he didn’t care. He couldn’t
think. He just needed the noise to stop.
Still holding Zi Se tight, Zuko hopped off Appa before the bison had even fully landed,
throwing one last murderous glare to everyone.
“I’m going ahead, try not to kill each other in the meantime.”
With that, he stomped away, feeling slightly mellowed by the fact Katara had looked guilty.
Zi Se at least stopped crying so loudly as Zuko put some distance between them and the
group, but the tears were relentless, hiccupped into his shoulder, and there was definitely snot
on Zuko’s neck that he was trying very hard not to think about.
The forest they were in was sparse, the sunlight jumping through in fitful waves, tracing long
shadows on the dirt that crunched underfoot while the trees danced around it in the breeze.
Above them, Zuko could see the rooves of a town, chimneys puffing up smoke into the sky,

distant chatter and the smell of street food in the air. It was a distinctly Fire Nation smell,
spices and grilled meat, and Zuko’s stomach rumbled, but he stopped just before the treeline,
placing Zi Se on a boulder even when the kid tried diligently to hold on to any part of him he
could find.
“Stop it,” Zuko said firmly, wrenching his hand from his shirt as gently as he could given Zi
Se’s surprisingly strong grip. “Tell me what’s wrong.”
He crouched in front of him so that they were eye level, and with the time to calm down and
enough space from the others, Zi Se was more willing to talk, face red and amber eyes
watery.
“Everyone’s shouting,” he sniffled, rubbing at his cheek. “It’s too much like before. I don’t
like it.”
Before. Zuko didn’t know if he meant Spider or his father. Perhaps both. Likely both. Zuko
knew better than anyone how bad memories tended to lap over each other, until it seemed
like his father’s eyes were the ones staring him down in that cell, until he felt Fong’s touch in
the halls of the palace, each ghost a friend of the next.
“I get it,” Zuko said softly, holding Zi Se’s hand and giving it a squeeze, “but you should talk
to me next time. I'll always get you out, Zi Se. I promise.”
“Promise,” Zi Se repeated in a whisper, before nodding resolutely, offering a wobbly smile.
Zuko grinned back at him, relieved. “Come on, I'll get you something from town.”
“Like what?!” Zi Se perked up instantly, jumping to his feet with his hand still in Zuko’s. The
group had a collected pool of money, but Zuko had his own that he stuffed in his boot.
Another secret he kept for no other reason than just in case.
“Whatever you want,” Zuko said, lifting his obnoxiously big hood up and over his face.
“Unless it’s more than four coppers.”
They passed the morning easily. The town wasn’t large by any means, but the market was
busy on such a clear day, stall after stall selling food and clothes and trinkets, the noises of
people shouting greetings or bartering with one another punctuating the underlying crackle of
food sizzling in pans or on grills, firebending a casual, unobtrusive tool. Zuko had been in a
Fire Nation town not long ago, when he travelled with Zi Se to the Western Air Temple,
stopping to buy clothes, shedding their colours. Zuko hadn’t had time to appreciate the town
then, but he allowed a fondness now, a nostalgia. He remembered seeing street performers
with his mother, remembered Azula’s childish awe at the different masks, remembered
gorging himself on fire flakes.
By the time Tomkin and Nanook found them, Zi Se was giggling in delight while a
stallholder showed him how the arms of a little metal trinket danced in the wind. Zuko
bought it without a word, head down, but Zi Se smiled up at him with enough brightness to
rival Agni.

“There you are!” Tomkin grinned, Nanook giving a jovial little wave from his side. They
were both wearing Fire Nation reds and the sight was so jarring that Zuko could only stare a
moment, shocked to total stillness.
Tomkin just grabbed his elbow and steered him away from the stall.
“We stole some things off a few clothes lines,” Nanook offered when they were out of
earshot.
Zuko yanked his arm back from Tomkin, grumbling. “You look weird.”
“Always so charming,” Tomkin sighed, before focusing on Zi Se. “What you got there, little
man?”
Zi Se proudly held up the trinket, grin gap-toothed and so young that Zuko couldn’t help but
smile, and Tomkin positively lit up. The pair walked ahead as Zi Se explained the trinket in
an overly serious tone to an overly enthused Tomkin, leaving Zuko and Nanook to walk
together.
“How’s Katara?” Zuko braved.
Nanook laughed. “She mellowed out a bit after she upset Zi Se. She says it was Sokka’s fault
but it’s obvious she feels bad. Try not to hold it against her.”
“I wouldn’t,” Zuko scoffed, because for him to hold something like that against someone
would be ironic to say the least.
The familiar smell of fire flakes hit Zuko, and he paused to watch a stallholder shake a bowl
of them with a range of eye-watering spices.
“What on earth is that?” Tomkin hissed, holding his nose like even the smell was
overwhelming.
“Fire flakes,” Zuko said, before giving Tomkin a knowing look. “I doubt you could handle
them.”
Tomkin reacted immediately, gasping before his expression resolved into something
stubborn, determined. Nanook shook his head with a laugh, but bought them each a bag.
Zi Se was delighted with them, happily snacking, his face every so often scrunching at the
heat, and Zuko barely even flinched, always having a higher tolerance for such flavours than
most.
“It doesn’t even look nice,” Nanook despaired as he held one of the crispy snacks in front of
his face.
Tomkin tapped one of his own against Nanook’s piece in a mocking cheers. “We go down
together.”
“Together,” Nanook nodded, and popped it in his mouth in time with Tomkin.

Nanook took it better than Tomkin, at the very least, which was to say that while his
expression immediately flushed and twisted in horror, coughing and spluttering while he
scrambled for his water flask, he didn’t find himself bent half over, practically falling to the
floor in a show of distress that felt distinctly overdramatic.
Zi Se couldn’t stop laughing as he watched the boys, and his unadulterated joy combined
with the idiocy of his friends was too much for Zuko. He laughed shyly at first, trying to bite
it back, but when Tomkin started grasping at Nanook’s leg like he was dying, Zuko couldn’t
help himself, hands covering his mouth to keep back boisterous barks of laughter.
“What the fuck,” Nanook wheezed hoarsely.
Zi Se could barely talk through his giggles. “Language!”
“Tui and La, take me,” Tomkin begged, tears in his eyes. “It’s getting worse. How is it getting
worse? Stop laughing at us and help-.”
“You’re making a scene,” Zuko managed to say, yanking Tomkin to his feet and laughing
harder when the other boy all but collapsed into him.
Zuko pushed him off, unclipping his water flask. “Here, have some water.”
Nanook seemed mostly recovered, looking only a little traumatised as he blinked at their
surroundings like he had no memory of getting here, but Tomkin decided to empty the entire
flask into his mouth, uncaring for how he spilled it everywhere.
“Calm down, you idiot,” Nanook hissed, because now people were really looking. “It goes
away after a while. That's... How is that legal? How are you giving that to a five-year-old? Zi
Se, spit it out!”
Zi Se grinned up at him and arrogantly ate another fire flake, making Nanook gasp in horror.
Zuko just shrugged. “We like spice in the Fire Nation. These aren’t even the strongest ones
I've had.”
“You’re so scary, dude,” Tomkin spluttered, forehead pressed into Nanook’s shoulder, the
picture of a defeated man.
“We’ve got everything we need, we should head back!” a new voice called, and they turned
to see Sokka approaching them. Zuko couldn’t help but laugh again at the miserable way
Tomkin groaned, not even lifting his head from Nanook’s shoulder. Sokka seemed startled,
pausing in front of them and watching Zuko with wide eyes. Zuko's laughter faded quickly,
something anxious replacing it, a heaviness to the words unspoken between him and Sokka.
He almost hoped the other boy would say something, but he simply shook himself out of his
daze, grinning at Tomkin and throwing some teasing comments his way. Zuko wasn’t
listening, and said nothing for the entire walk back to camp, letting their conversations wash
over him.

He wondered how much longer they could ignore this. By the way Nanook nudged him, he
knew it wouldn’t be long.
____
Maybe it was upsetting Zi Se, or the calming, repetitive motions that came with resupplying,
no matter how unfamiliar the town or how itchy the red clothes felt on her skin, but Katara
felt herself stepping away from her anger, at least enough to look at it directly. She felt awful
for how she’d been behaving, but that was almost a motivator. She wanted to feel awful. She
wanted it to be so bad that everyone saw it, everyone felt it. Sometimes, it felt like no one
else was angry for what they’d suffered, which she knew was unfair; who was she to
invalidate how her tribe chose to respond to their collective trauma? Part of her felt that if she
was angry enough, awful enough, then they’d all be forced to tackle it instead of moving on.
Part of her didn’t want to move on. She carried Kanut’s wisdom with her every day, repeating
it like a mantra; sometimes, breaking the cycle can feel like surrendering to what happened,
but it isn’t. It's just how we move on, and how we make ourselves better than the ones who
hurt us. But it was one thing to hear the words spoken, to know they were true, and it was
another thing to convince the little girl inside of Katara who found her mother’s corpse.
Children are not logical, are not bound to the laws of wisdom, and it was a child that Katara
was soothing, and that child was angry.
“Mind if I join you?” Suki’s voice sounded, and Katara blinked, realising she’d been stood at
the vegetable stand, staring at a box of tomatoes in a way that had the stallholder eyeing her
unhappily. She smiled in apology, quickly buying the vegetables she was after.
“Of course,” she said to Suki, moving on to the next stall. Suki clasped her hands behind her
back as she walked, posture relaxed.
It was a little awkward. Katara had been hopeful that another girl in the group would be a
relief, given how disappointing Toph was in that department, but Suki always seemed so...
cool. She was older than Katara, and had dated Sokka, which inherently made their dynamic
quite strange, and Katara didn’t know how to talk to her, and Suki never seemed very
interested in Katara, so they just... hadn’t hung out together alone. Ever.
The thought was jarring, and Katara felt even more awkward than before, wincing as she
thought about how miserable she’d been for days now. Spirits, Suki must find her so
annoying.
“You know,” Suki said, a small smile on her face as she glanced at Katara from the side, “you
can talk to me about what’s bothering you. I won’t tell Sokka. Girl code.”
Katara raised an eyebrow. “Girl code?”
“Yeah!” Suki beamed, nudging Katara a little. “The boys are great and all, and your brother
will always mean the world to me, but sometimes, you need someone who... gets it, you
know? It's probably what I miss most about the Kyoshi Warriors. It sounds silly, but just
being able to talk to my girls about anything and nothing, even if it was just so Aneko could
tell me I was being dumb – it's invaluable.”

Katara had always been starved of girl talk, and to be offered it by a girl who was older and
so infinitely cooler in Katara’s eyes sent a thrill through her. She felt silly for it, but couldn’t
help the shy smile she gave Suki.
“It’s not exactly like anything’s happened,” she said quietly, hesitantly. “I just have good days
and bad days. I don’t know what’s triggered it. Leaving the adults, being in the Fire Nation - I
don’t know, I just can’t stop thinking about it all. The raids, the war, everything they’ve taken
from us, my... my mother.”
Suki frowned sympathetically. Katara didn’t know anything for sure, but she knew Suki was
an orphan, and something would have had to happen to cause that.
“It’s why I struggled so much with Zuko for a long time,” Katara continued, contemplative as
they began making their way back to camp. “It was easy to be angry with him, like he was a
convenient personification of everything I'd ever fought against, but I don’t hate him
anymore. Maybe that’s my problem. I don’t have anywhere to put the anger anymore so it
just... it sits and festers and I hate who I become because of it. I want to... I want to kill the
men who took my mother from me, and what does that make me? A murderer, just like them.
Just as bad as them. What would Aang say?”
“Would you talk to him about it?” Suki asked.
“Aang?” Katara frowned.
“Zuko,” Suki clarified. “You don’t have to, obviously. Just because you’ve forgiven him
doesn’t make it any more his place to speak on these things, and he doesn’t stop being the
prince just because we like him now, but if you could speak to him as just Zuko... as the boy
who went through what he did... I think it could be more helpful than you’d realise.”
The way Suki spoke gave her the impression that she knew something Katara didn’t, but it
was a curious point to make, and instead of dismissing it like she would have done even a
few days ago, Katara thought about it. If there was anyone in their group who’d even come
close to showing anger like Katara, it was Zuko. Past their nationalities and cultures, they
were achingly similar people, and after everything Zuko had been through, Katara had never
quite figured out how he could move on.
They didn’t talk for the rest of the walk, Suki happy to let Katara contemplate her words,
Katara lost in thought as she came to a decision.
____
Zi Se was clingy for the rest of the day, which meant the only time Zuko found himself alone
with Sokka, both being sent to get water from the stream for Katara to start cooking, also
meant the kid followed them. Zuko wasn’t too bothered by it; perhaps Zi Se would mellow
Sokka a little for what promised to be an uncomfortable conversation.
It was silent at first. Zi Se sat on a rock, jabbing a stick into the water, flicking little pebbles
up from the surface, while Zuko and Sokka filled their flasks. Sokka wouldn’t even look at
him, seeing no need for pleasantries now it was just them.

Zuko cleared his throat. “Can we talk?”
Sokka looked up, alarmed, before narrowing his eyes, standing straight and folding his arms.
“Shoot,” he said, raising an eyebrow. He was still touchy from arguing with Katara so much,
and Zuko immediately regretted choosing now of all times to apologise, but he couldn’t let it
drag on another day. He wasn’t built to tiptoe around things like this, always too brash,
always too curt.
“I’m sorry for what happened the other day,” Zuko said, sounding more confident than he
felt, posture rigidly militaristic. “I was out of line and you were right; I was lashing out at
you. I wanted you to rise to it.”
“But why?” Sokka snapped, frustrated. “Why bait me like that? I just wanted to help.”
“You’re always fine, Sokka,” Zuko growled, losing his calm far too quickly as he always did.
“I’m always a mess, always angry, always fucking things up, and you’re always fine. It's hard
being helped by someone like that. I just... I wanted you to be angry too for once.”
“Language,” Zi Se mumbled, like he was trying very hard not to be noticed but couldn’t help
himself. It was so suddenly endearing that Zuko exhaled sharply, smiling a little at the boy.
For some reason, this made Sokka snap, and he stepped forward, jabbing an angry finger to
Zuko’s chest.
“You’re such a jerk,” he hissed. “You’re a jerk and you brought your cute kid here to be
jerkish and I'm sick of being surrounded by jerks. I'm not fine.” He laughed here, a sudden,
hysterical sound. “In fact, I've not felt fine in ages, but people like you and Katara are so busy
agonising over everything to realise that, and it’s a jerky thing to do!”
Zuko blinked, startled by the outburst and not entirely sure what was being said past the
overuse of the word jerk. Sokka's finger was still jabbed into his chest, right over his heart,
and Zuko couldn’t help but glance down at his arm. That feeling from before returned, of
needing to acknowledge the touch, but Sokka mistook it for Zuko being uncomfortable,
quickly pulling his hand back. Even now, he was trying to help him.
I'm not fine. Zuko felt so guilty, because he hadn’t meant to imply otherwise. He knew Sokka
struggled, had wanted to get a rise out of him in order to prove it, but he feared he’d only
isolated Sokka further. The other boy refused to let the others see him like this, always
needing to be mature, in control, fine, but he was showing Zuko, letting it out willingly this
time, and despite being yelled at, Zuko felt a little touched to be trusted with it all the same.
“You told me you would help me,” Zuko said softly, wrapping his fingers around Sokka’s
forearm, reconnecting the touch Sokka had broken. “And you’ve done that. You're still doing
that. You said it didn’t mean you were underestimating me or seeing me as weak; you help
me and you don’t pity me. So let me do the same. Let me help you. Let me carry some of it. I
know why you have to be strong for the others, but from now on, don’t do that with me.
Don't be fine if you’re not.”

Sokka's eyes were wide pools of impossible blue, his skin warm where Zuko touched it, a
tether, a plea. Let me help you. Let us help each other.
“Okay,” Sokka breathed, before swallowing, voice coming out stronger. “Fuck, okay.”
Zuko allowed a small, pleased smile, letting go of Sokka’s arm with a firm nod.
“Language!” Zi Se chimed in, and both boys flinched out of the moment, Sokka laughing at
the little boy watching them closely from the bank.
“So,” Zuko said carefully, “we’re good?”
Sokka rolled his eyes. “Yeah, jerk, we’re good. Come on, let’s head back.”
Zi Se ran ahead happily, and Sokka fell into step beside Zuko, and blessedly, the
awkwardness from the past few days was gone, replaced with something comforting, known,
easy.
“Maybe Katara will be in a better mood,” Zuko said, expecting Sokka to tease, or roll his
eyes at his sister’s behaviour. Instead, he sighed.
“I think I know what’s going on with her,” he said, sounding troubled.
Zuko had suspected that what was bothering Katara was more than just random moodiness
the past few days, but seeing it confirmed in Sokka’s concerned expression made his heart
sink. Sokka was quiet a few moments, trying to find the words, unaccustomed to sharing his
burden, and Zuko waited, enraptured, hanging off any minute change, desperate to do for
Sokka what he’d been able to do for Zuko.
“Our mom...” Sokka started, voice soft, lined with an old grief. “She was killed in a raid
when we were kids, and Katara was the one who found her. She's never been able to get over
it, and sometimes, it gets the better of her. She won’t talk to me about it either, not really. I
guess I didn’t help myself. I just... didn’t talk about Mom for a really long time, and I think
Katara decided that meant I didn’t care, or at least that I didn’t love her like she did.”
Zuko was silent. Tomkin had been the one to tell him about the fate of Hakoda’s wife, Kya,
but hearing it from Sokka was haunting. He'd only been a child, and Katara had been younger
still, their mother stolen from them by raids, Zuko’s own grandfather giving the order. It
made Zuko feel sick. He knew what it was to lose a mother, but to know she had been killed,
to find the body? It was an unrealised horror, one he’d never had to know.
How could Katara stand to look at him? How was a few bad moods every now and then the
worst of her behaviour?
But this wasn’t about him. He thought his words over carefully, recollecting all he knew of
Katara and all he knew of Sokka, finding it easy to paint a picture of what had happened.
“You loved your mother,” Zuko said quietly. “I can tell. People grieve in strange ways.
There's no right way of doing it. People like Katara,” people like me, “can take things too far,
get too angry, make every emotion louder to validate it. That isn’t always a bad thing. Anger

isn’t always a bad thing. People like you and Aang could stand to feel it more, I think.
Refusing yourself the space to grieve isn’t the same as not caring in the first place. It just
means you’re holding off the inevitable.”
Sokka was staring again, eyes a little watery.
“When’d you get so wise, huh?” he sniffed, looking away.
Zuko scoffed, before his face fell, eyes landing on a spot in the distance, unfocusing a little.
“It’s not the same,” he started, swallowing the urge to stamp the words down, “but when I
was in that cell, I detached myself from the pain too. I had a responsibility to keep Zi Se
alive. That was the only thing that mattered. If I spent even a moment thinking about all I'd
lost, all I was still losing, I'd shatter, and then who would be there for him? So I just packed it
all away for months and months, and now, it’s all coming out, something new each day, and
it’s messy and awful... but it gets better. It was gonna happen sooner or later.”
He looked over at the other boy with something like awe. “To live like that for so many
years, prioritising the others over yourself, prioritising your sister, and still having the energy
to make them smile every day - I can’t even imagine what that’s like. You're stronger than
me.”
“Don’t be stupid,” Sokka muttered weakly, head ducked, fists clenched. He stopped walking,
not wanting the camp to see him, and Zuko stopped too, watching, understanding.
“I mean it, Sokka,” he urged, frowning. “Growing up, you were told that getting angry was a
sign of weakness, while I was told it was a strength. Neither are right. Anger just is, and we
all need to find a balance with it. What you’re doing now, acting fine all the time, that’s not
finding a balance. It's not sustainable.”
He knew he was probably pushing too far too soon, so he stopped talking despite the sudden
rush of things he wanted to say, because he knew these feelings, had suffered the hard way to
come to these conclusions, and he realised suddenly that not only did he want to help Sokka,
but he could. He could provide something here. If all he’d suffered simply made him more
equipped for this single conversation with a boy so much better than him, then perhaps it
might have been even a little bit worth it.
But the conversation was delicate, and Sokka would be reeling from it regardless, unused to
voicing what was bothering him. Zuko needed to be careful, tactical. Blind honesty wasn’t
enough.
Still, he couldn’t help but say one last thing. Sokka wouldn’t look at him, and likely wouldn’t
respond, but Zuko needed him to listen.
He spoke on a breath, the words gentle yet urgent, firm.
“She was your mother too.”

Zuko left Sokka, returning to camp alone. For the first time since Zuko had known him,
Sokka missed a meal, and Zuko was saved from having to lie for him when he retreated with
Zi Se to eat, still uncomfortable with eating in such a large group. Katara threw him glances
periodically, but Zuko couldn’t tell if she was holding herself back from asking about Sokka
or apologising for what happened with Zi Se earlier.
Eventually, Sokka returned, and he did so with a wide grin and two dead rabbits, expertly
excusing his absence and distracting everyone with the promise of fresh meat. No one even
questioned it. Zuko wondered how often he’d done that, and meant what he’d said before;
Sokka was one of the strongest people Zuko knew.
____
“Zuko, can I talk to you?” Katara asked quietly when everyone started drifting off to their
tents for the night. She hadn’t had any more arguments with anyone, but the tense, moody
atmosphere of the past few days persisted, making dinner an awkward affair that even
Tomkin, Aang and Toph struggled to fill with their usual noise.
If all went well with their itinerary, they were due to arrive at the White Lotus camp in the
next three days. Katara wanted to fix this before then.
Zuko had the distinct look of someone being caught doing something he shouldn’t, halfway
to his own tent before Katara had stopped him, shoulders hunching when she did.
The only ones still awake were Sokka, Suki and Nanook, and if Katara spoke quietly, they
wouldn’t overhear anything, but still, this conversation felt too large to have out in the open
like this, stood up and casual.
“Is everything okay?” Zuko said carefully, and Katara huffed at being regarded like a
dangerous animal that might lunge at him.
She turned to walk up a slight hill next to their camp. “Follow me.”
He hesitated, but followed. Katara smoothed out the blue folds of her robe as she sat at the
top of the hill, having dressed back into it the moment they returned from town, unlike some
of the others still wearing Fire Nation reds and browns. It was illogical – the new clothes had
been clean and blended them in more – but Katara had needed her familiar blues, had needed
that oppressive red away from her. It was a strange thing to be of importance, but for the first
time as he settled uneasily beside her, Katara wondered if Zuko’s black clothes had been
more of a conscious decision than she’d given him credit for.
She'd been unsure about Suki’s idea to talk to Zuko about this of all things, but she couldn’t
shake the feeling that Suki knew something, something about Zuko, something Katara didn’t
know, and for whatever reason, the other girl thought it was relevant.
Katara decided to be clever about this, and kept her expression calm, confident, her voice
even.

“There’s something you’re not telling me,” she said, staring out at the grass around them, the
stars in the inky sky. It was the exact same as when they’d sat together the other day, hand in
hand, when she’d first admitted to this anger.
Zuko was tense beside her, before sighing in defeat. “This is about the carrots, isn’t it?”
“What?” Katara spluttered, thrown, snapping her head to face him and immediately
forgetting her decision to be cool about this. “Carrots? What do you-?” Her expression
darkened as she connected the dots, gasping in offence. “You! You've been taking them!”
Zuko blinked at her. “Is that... not what you were going to say?”
“No, it very much wasn’t! Oh, I am so cross with you,” she grumbled, crossing her arms and
glaring out at the horizon. Focus, she berated herself. She could yell at him about the carrots
any day. She had to focus.
“We will be talking about that later,” she threatened, turning her glare on him sharply, before
softening again, sighing. “But that’s not what I wanted to talk about. I wanted to tell you...
about my mother.”
Here it was. She was really doing this.
“Sokka told me,” Zuko said quietly, and Katara once again looked at him in surprise. “I’m so
sorry for your loss, Katara.”
They were practised words, required words, formal. She'd heard it a thousand times before,
and while there was a new satisfaction to hearing it from someone who bore the eyes of the
men who committed the act, it still wasn’t what Katara wanted. She didn’t want pity from this
boy, or guilt. She wanted change.
Katara huffed. So Sokka told him, huh? That was... interesting, given that Sokka barely even
talked about Mom with Katara. She didn’t know if she was relieved or bitter.
“No offence, but I wasn’t going to say anything to you about it,” Katara said, picking at a
loose thread on her robe, the blue unspooling in her fingers. “But Suki seemed to think you
might know something about this, and at this point, I'm desperate enough to try. I don’t want
to be angry anymore, Zuko.”
His eyes widened a little in recognition, previous confusion leaving him for something
determined, and he nodded, offering her to continue. Katara quite liked this quiet side of
Zuko. He didn’t sugarcoat things, and didn’t stray from silences most people would find
awkward. It forced her to gather her thoughts, to address the situation head on.
“The men who killed my mother,” she said slowly, breathing through her mouth as she
remembered the acrid smell of ash coating the back of her throat, mixing with blood, “they
were part of a set group of raiders, and they got away unharmed, and I can’t help but think
that they’re still out there. They're just... alive, while my mother is dead, and as a child there
was nothing I could do against them. I was weak and I couldn’t waterbend, but now? I could

kill them. I could actually kill them. There's nothing stopping me from getting on Appa and
hunting every last one of them down. And why shouldn’t I? Why shouldn’t I?”
She'd started crying, quiet and frustrated, biting out each word on a snarl, and through it all,
Zuko said nothing, only watching her. He took his time to collect his thoughts, and Katara
appreciated that, appreciated the time to just breathe and think and be angry.
“I could probably help you find those men, if you wanted,” he finally said, and Katara stared
at him in shock, something cold and awful tracing her spine. Dread. Hope, maybe.
“You... You’re not trying to talk me out of it? You don’t think it’s wrong?” Katara asked
almost desperately, eyes wide as she watched the firebender’s contemplative expression. He
seemed... resigned. There was recognition in his eyes, like he’d been here before, and Katara
suddenly felt so distinctly seen that it sent a bolt of panic through her.
He watched her as she watched him, and spoke lowly. “I think that when you have suffered as
greatly as you have, it’s your choice how you decide to act on it. Killing those men... It will
make things worse in a lot of ways, but it will also correct something, will put something to
bed that’s been up for far too long. It's your choice, Katara, but know I will help you in
whatever you choose, without judgement.”
Katara was stunned, mouth open like an idiot.
“Why are you saying this?” she whispered, words barely audible.
Zuko seemed to war with himself for a moment, shoulders hunching, hands gripping his
knees tightly, before he sighed, breaking eye contact with her to stare at the dirt.
“I killed General Fong,” he said, so simply, so tonelessly. “Sokka, Suki and the adults all
knew, but I guess they never told you guys. But I did. I killed him.”
Some part of Katara thought she already knew this, knew how odd it was that the man
seemed to just disappear from everyone’s narrative despite all he’d done, left to rot in prison
when Katara knew that wouldn’t be good enough for any of them after what he’d put Zuko
through, but to hear it confirmed out loud, to know a man she knew and had spoken with was
now dead and rotting because of the boy right beside her – it was shocking.
And it was liberating. Katara knew only a fraction of the torture Zuko had suffered, but
thinking on it sent the righteous part of her mind into uproar even before she’d forgiven him.
Zuko hadn’t deserved that. No one did. He would live with it forever. In comparison, a
capital punishment felt like the bare minimum.
Katara suddenly knew unquestioningly that Zuko meant what he said; if Katara went through
with this, he wouldn’t judge her. He understood. He'd been where she was and he’d taken the
darker path regardless of what the blood would do to his hands.
Katara stopped crying, expression becoming fierce, blue eyes unblinking as she stared at the
sky.

“Do you regret it?” she asked calmly.
Zuko was undaunted beside her. “No.”
____
Sokka didn’t know what to think. He'd been staring at the roof of his tent for hours now,
going round and round about his conversation with Zuko. She was your mother too. Funny,
how only five words could punch six years of expert avoidance out of Sokka and leave him
scrambling in the wake of his mother’s death all over again, ten again and terrified. Zuko had
said he wanted to help him, had said he was strong, had said he deserved to be angry and no
one... no one had ever spoken to him like that before, let alone someone like Zuko, whose
strength was so impossible to ignore it was almost laughable. Sokka was no one next to him,
yet the way Zuko looked at him... he almost thought...
No, he was being stupid. Suki had been teasing him for days, insisting that there was
something going on with him and Zuko, which yes, there was, because they were friends
now, thank you very much. Buddies. Bros. Who talked about things they didn’t tell anyone
else and shared glancing touches that made Sokka worry he was on fire.
Spirits, he liked Zuko.
He liked liked Zuko, with his stupid, roguish hair and his muscles and his gentle way of
handling Zi Se and his stupid sense of humour and his sheer, stubborn will to keep going.
How could Sokka ever talk to Bato again? This was the worst thing to happen ever, until
Zuko had looked Sokka in the eye and told him he thought Sokka was stronger than him.
Sokka couldn’t sleep, he was so giddy. Zuko was right. Not about the strength thing, but what
he’d said about Sokka’s mom. He'd packed his feelings about her into a tiny box in order to
keep things running at home, to keep Katara as his top priority, and never let himself feel any
of it, and now it was festering inside of him and it wasn’t fair. He wasn’t about to start crying
and blubbering in front of the rest of the group at any given point of the day, but maybe...
maybe he could ease up a bit, now Katara was older and they weren’t in the village.
He'd lost his mother too. He'd been a child too. The thought made something sharp twist in
his chest, and for once, he let it sting.
He was awake until sunrise, thinking, trying to remember his mother’s face, the curve of her
smile, the smell of her parka, the way she used to laugh at Dad’s terrible jokes, the time she
took them penguin sledding, the way it felt to be told she was dead, had been murdered, and
knowing there wasn’t a single thing he could do. Death couldn’t be unwritten. It wasn’t an
easy lesson for a ten-year-old, but he’d been so busy wondering at the horror Katara had
witnessed at only eight to realise his own youth. At the time, he was a big brother before he
was ten, and that was all-encompassing, but out here, with Suki and Tomkin and Nanook,
with Zuko, they were equals and he could have this.
Katara came in when he was just tucking Boomerang into his sheath, about to head outside
for breakfast.

“Morning,” Sokka said, frowning even as he smiled at her, unsure why she was here. If it was
just to yell at him again, well, Sokka was not in the mood-.
“The men who killed Mom,” Katara said briskly, and wasn’t that a quick way of crashing any
train of thought Sokka could have possibly had? “I’m going to find them and I'm going to kill
them.”
Sokka blinked at her for a few agonisingly long seconds.
“You... what?!” he hissed, finding his voice even if the words came out strangled. He was
sure he’d misheard, or perhaps was having a really fucked up dream, or maybe Katara was
sick. He placed a hand to her forehead to check, but she swatted him away.
“I mean it,” she snapped, resolute. “I’m going to kill them. You can’t stop me.”
“Uh. Yes, I can. What is happening right now?”
She... was being serious. Tui and La, she was being serious. His fourteen-year-old sister
wanted to commit premeditated murder.
And with that, she gave him a firm nod and turned around, like there was nothing else to be
said or done. Sokka stood there spluttering for a few moments, staring at where she’d stood,
before surging forwards and stomping after her.
“Katara!” he shouted. “There’s so much wrong with that! You don’t even know who did it,
for starters, and if you did, how would you find them? And where is this even coming from?”
Katara whirled around to face him, expression still so determined, eyes stormy.
“I’m tired of knowing they’re out there, living, enjoying life, while Mom is dead,” Katara
hissed, voice cracking a little. She looked so young and so old at once, and Sokka didn’t
know what to do with it. “They don’t get to have that. They don’t deserve it. And as for
finding them, Zuko said he can-.”
“Wait, Zuko?” Sokka hissed. He felt something like betrayal crawling up his throat, choking
him, stealing all the air. Around the fire, the rest of their group were awake and watching, all
of them confused save one, who met Sokka’s gaze and held it.
Katara, his baby sister, wanted to hunt down and kill the men who murdered their mother,
wanted to willingly, consciously bloody her hands when Sokka had lost so much sleep hiding
the worst of the war from her on their travels, and Zuko was handing her the tools to do it,
had told her it was okay.
“What’s going on?” Aaag asked timidly. Spirits, what would Aang say? At least he would try
and talk Katara out of it while Sokka dealt with Zuko. He shamelessly threw his sister at the
Avatar’s mercy.
“Katara has decided to go on a mission to kill the men who murdered our mother in the
raids,” he spat, and Aang gasped, those wide, grey eyes turning to Katara, who held her head
up proudly even as she trembled beneath the group's judgement.

Toph let out a low whistle. “Damn.”
“Katara...” Nanook started gently, placatingly, like he was approaching a wounded animal.
“You can’t talk me out of it!” Katara snapped, before turning on her heel and rushing to her
tent. Aang followed her quickly. Toph gave them a few moments before the sound of an
argument could be heard past the tent’s material, and she got up with a sigh.
It left the five older members of the group and a very nervous Zi Se. Suki looked shocked,
still staring at Katara’s tent, and Tomkin’s head was down, fingers tapping erratically on his
leg. He knew better than most the pain of the raids, what it had cost them, what it was still
costing them.
Nanook was watching Sokka watch Zuko, blue eyes flicking between the boys, Zuko’s hard
stare, Sokka’s growing fury.
“Guys-.”
“How could you do this?” Sokka growled before Nanook could try and placate him. Zuko
remained expressionless. “She’s fourteen. She wants to kill someone and you humoured her.”
“I’m going to check on Appa with Zi Se,” Tomkin said suddenly, pushing himself to his feet
and offering his hand to the little boy. Zi Se hesitated, waiting for Zuko’s nod of approval,
before leaving with Tomkin, and past his rage, Sokka was grateful for that. This wasn’t an
easy conversation for Tomkin and it wasn’t something Zi Se should hear, regardless of all
he’d seen.
Zuko started speaking the moment they were out of earshot.
“She deserves to have a choice in this,” he said calmly. “I didn’t encourage her nor did I
discourage her. I just made it clear that if she chose to go through with it, I could help.”
“I thought... I thought you got it,” Sokka whispered, shaking his head. “I thought you
understood but you just... you... you of all people should know why this is such a bad idea.
She'll be haunted by it for life.”
“Me of all people?” Zuko asked, voice getting an agitated edge to it as he walked closer to
get into Sokka’s space, glaring at him. “That’s exactly why I'm not judging her. I would do it
all again if I had to, and I had to. It isn’t a choice, not in the way you think. I couldn’t live
knowing he was alive out there, and Katara... She’ll never be able to heal properly knowing
those men are living unpunished.”
“And that’s what this is? Punishment?” Sokka snapped. “So what, you just decide who
deserves to die and then you murder them? That's not justice, it’s tyranny, but I guess that’s
something else you of all people can understand. You're your father’s son after all-.”
"Sokka!” Nanook yelled, but Sokka barely heard him as Zuko lunged forward, grabbing him
by the collar until their faces were only inches apart.
“I,” Zuko growled, golden eyes blazing with anger, with horror, “am nothing like my father.”

“You’re a murderer,” Sokka breathed, those scarred hands that had touched him so gently
yesterday now careless in their strength. “And now you want to make a murderer of my little
sister.”
There was a knot in his throat, tight and suffocating, and he wanted to cry, to swear, but he
held that golden gaze. Slowly, Zuko let him go, collecting himself.
“She’s seen too much of this war for you to be treating her as some naïve child,” he said, and
he almost sounded sorry. “She knows the severity of this. She knows the consequences. This
is her grief, Sokka.”
“What about my grief?!” Sokka yelled.
It was too much, voice breaking and the tears finally falling. Every memory of his mother
that Sokka had painstakingly dragged to the surface last night now flooded him,
overwhelming him completely with the agony they brought. She was everywhere, in
everything, and those men were still taking things from Sokka even after all these years,
wanted to kill the part of his sister that was kind, humane, empathetic.
Zuko’s eyes widened, like he’d been missing something and finally had it put before him in
plain terms. He looked guilty, eyes flickering over Sokka as his tears fell quietly.
“Let’s give them a moment,” Suki said gently, and Sokka saw her and Nanook leave from the
corner of his eye.
Zuko made to step forward, hesitating, movements awkward, unsure in a way he rarely was,
and Sokka wanted his hands on him again, something violent, something tender. Anything to
distract him from the sadness he was choking on, a grief so massive he couldn’t even
comprehend it in its entirety.
“Sokka...” Zuko said softly, and that was what did it, Sokka’s feet carrying him until he was
throwing himself at the other boy, hugging him tight like he might be able to tether them
both, fists gripping the fabric of Zuko’s shirt and Zuko... Zuko held him back. Jittery at first,
coordinating them into a position that felt less like Sokka was trapping him in place, before
those strong arms became firm around Sokka’s torso, fingers tracing soothing patterns against
his back.
Those hands had killed, could summon fire and push it into Sokka’s skin, but here, they were
comforting, safe, and Sokka let himself break beneath them.
“I’m sorry,” Zuko kept saying, whispered against Sokka’s hair. “I’m sorry, I'm sorry, I'm
sorry.”
____
Katara had to tune Aang out as he tried to reason with her. She wouldn’t be dissuaded. She
wouldn’t. She had to do this. It was the right thing to do, whether Aang agreed or not. That
day when they all got on Appa for another gruelling leg of travelling, Katara ignored
everyone and sat beside her brother, at the end of the saddle in their own little pocket of

privacy. Sokka looked harrowed, somehow so much more exhausted than when he’d woken
up.
Despite everything, Katara hoped he wouldn’t be angry with her now he’d had time to come
to terms with her decision. She loved her brother, and the thought of disappointing him was
unbearable. Say something, she wanted to plead into the silence between them. Tell me you
understand.
“Do you remember when we were little and we both got sick at the same time?” Sokka asked
suddenly, voice soft, reminiscent.
Katara blinked. “No?”
“You were really young,” Sokka said, staring at his hands. “No older than four. We were sick
for days, curled up in bed together, completely miserable. Kanut would make us this one tea
that was absolutely disgusting, and the whole time, Mom was there. She barely left us, even
when Kanut said she’d get sick too. You weren’t sleeping well and it was making you fussy,
so she’d sing to us. Every night.”
Katara’s throat was tight as she listened, eyes watery, a small smile on her face as she tried
desperately to remember. For years, it had felt like all she had of her mother was what she
could remember, that forgetting something was equivalent to losing her all over again, but
Sokka was older and remembered more, and for the first time, he was sharing it with her. If
forgetting was like Mom dying again, then being given new memories was like life being
breathed into her, even if only for a fleeting, beautiful moment.
“Did she get sick in the end?” she asked gently, almost scared of spooking Sokka.
He cracked a grin, finally meeting her eyes. “The very next week.”
It was a long ride on Appa, and Sokka and Katara talked. They shared what they could
remember of Mom and they addressed how Dad leaving them behind had changed things,
casting a wedge between them as Sokka forced himself to take all the responsibility alone,
without Katara. Sokka explained how desperate he was to make Dad proud and that, initially,
he’d felt like Zuko was replacing him in Dad’s eyes, and how they’d resolved it. Katara
explained her anger, how much it scared her, how desperate she was for somewhere to put it.
He berated her for not talking to him sooner and she berated him for his hypocrisy, and they
decided to be more honest with each other in the future. No more secrets. Upon that, Sokka
told Katara about Fong, about watching him die, watching Zuko kill him, and for a moment,
they both looked at the firebender sat ahead of them and the little boy safe at his side.
Through it all, even when they lost their temper or became upset, the conversation was
gentle, and they apologised over and over again, Katara gripping her brother’s hand tightly in
hers.
Eventually, Sokka sighed.
“Well?” he said, defeated. “Will you kill him?”

He wasn’t fighting her on it anymore. There was a finality to it.
“I don’t know,” Katara said honestly.
Later, she found Zuko again, sitting with him at the edge of their newest camp, and he asked
her the same question, a hesitance to him that he hadn’t had the day before. Katara turned it
back on him.
“If there had been another way,” she said carefully, “would you have taken it?”
She knew he’d understand what she was asking.
Zuko’s expression became distant, sad, and Katara knew he was back in that room. He would
always be in that room, sword in hand, body at his feet.
“In a heartbeat,” Zuko whispered.
There was a lot left unsaid. If Zuko could have healed any other way, he would have. This
group, their friends – they were Katara’s other way. If Zuko had someone, he might have
been saved from the darkness he was forced into, but nobody had known how to help him.
He was alone there, alone in that cell, alone in that room. Katara wasn’t alone, and she knew
in that moment with startling clarity that she could kill the men who took her mother from
her, and her brother would still love her, Zuko would understand her, Aang would forgive her.
They would all move on eventually and Kya would finally, finally be avenged.
But that wasn’t who Katara was. It wasn’t who she had to be. For that, she was both grateful
and angry. She always would be. This anger was her mother’s memory just as much as the
love.
“I’ve made my decision,” Katara said.
Zuko looked at her like he already knew.
____
Katara wouldn’t kill those men. The relief of her choice swept wordlessly through the group,
Aang’s happy smile reignited on his face, and they fell back into their routine, passing the
days training and travelling. They would arrive at the White Lotus camp soon, but the few
days separated from the adults felt mammoth, like everything had changed in their short time
apart. Things had certainly changed with Sokka. He looked more content, confident in his
interactions with Katara in a way that seemed different than before, and Zuko’s dynamic with
him had shifted. It was a subtle thing, but it was there, the other boy now seeking him out,
sitting next to him when he could, offering casual touch, and Zuko liked it, liked knowing he
was safe to the other boy, liked knowing he was helping Sokka just as he did for him. It felt
like his correct place in the group. A fighter. Someone who protects. It was what kept him
sane in that cell, and he knew Zi Se did more for him than Zuko could ever have returned. He
remembered Uncle’s words. Martyrdom and self-destruction are two very different things.
Zuko could tell himself what he liked, but he knew the truth – he killed Fong for no one but
himself. Zi Se had just been an excuse.

Seeing Katara, someone so similar to him, walk away from a fate Zuko hadn’t been able to
escape left him feeling torn. There was a sense of satisfaction, like if he couldn’t save himself
then at the very least he’d been able to save Katara, like perhaps it wasn’t always supposed to
end this way. But it had. It had ended that way for Zuko and there was a grief to that. Zuko
lost a piece of himself to his rage that Katara hadn’t. He would always be a little bitter at the
world for it.
It was all so complicated, but here he was at the end of it all, and this, what he had with this
group, was good. It was nice. Having a group of people was nice. Having a routine was nice.
Katara’s laughter ringing through the morning when she found two carrots outside her tent
was nice. Hugging Sokka was nice.
Perhaps there was nothing else to it.

Chapter End Notes

it took 390k words for zuko to start therapising the water tribe back. local boy discovers
the uno reverse card immediately makes it everyone else's problem.
thanks for reading! next chapter: ember island and zuko being a HOMOPHOBE. oh
zukka we're really in it now. sokka could have had anyone whyyyyy did he do this to
himself.
follow my tumblr for schedule updates and general tomfoolery, and of course all
comments are appreciated even if im utterly dogshit at responding xx

Chapter 44: ii. LUNISOLAR: ECLIPSE
Chapter Notes

TAOB UPDATE ONLY FOUR MONTHS AFTER THE LAST ONE WOULD YOU
BELIEVE YOUR EYES!!! a lot has happened since last update okay let me think hold
on. so i updated on my 21st bday and i am now in my final semseter of uni! which is
bonkers if u consider i took u guys with me through my a-levels and uni application
process and now im here. what even. in fact taob ch44 lunisolar: eclipse will
forevermore be cemented in my mind as the taob chapter i wrote at the same time as
writing my literal dissertation. which i still need to finish btw. my priorities are in a
really good sensible order.
there's been a real boost in readers lately bc of a combination of the live action coming
out (what are our thoughts??) and also taob infiltrated tiktok (YOU KNOW WHO YOU
ARE ) so i'd like to just say quickly hiiiii hello hey im very happy to have you here
and also most taob readers are very used to this but TAOB HAS VERY LONG
BREAKS BETWEEN UPDATES. SORRY. IM THE MOST HATEFUL WOMAN
ALIVE. it's not unusual to go months between chapters, and while the longest ive gone
is 6 months without an update, that's still not very unusual for the kind of behemothnow-years-long fic we're working with here. it's very motivating to see people
commenting and enjoying the story and expressing an interest in an update, but that is
not the same as repeatedly badgering me for updates and asking if the fic is abandoned
when i know for a FACT i have said in the author's notes of past chapters and
MULTIPLE times on tumblr that i would never abandon taob. so yeah <3 this isn't a
telling off and more me setting off a problem just bc i've seen this before where taob has
had a fresh wave of readers and it's always the same shit lmao. so take this as me
reasurring you <3 your girl is a veteran.

🫵

on the topic of tumblr, the 'taob updates' tag on my blog is where i discuss the next taob
chapter, how the writing is coming along, and when i think it's gonna be posted :) please
check this first if you're about to send me an ask that only mentions an update.
OKAY ADMIN OVER LET'S GET INTO IT! for ME this is a short chapter (it is 8.5k
words. put me down like a dog) but SO MUCH happens in it. i will see you in the end
notes bc i have shit to say as per so for now ENJOY and don't do anything i wouldn't do
boo boo yeah i know i hate it too im gonna keep saying it though she's like a brother to
me xx

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It had been Zuko’s idea. It made sense at the time, sat beside Sokka and deciding where to
stop next on their route, the words leaving Zuko’s mouth on the basis of logic before he could
even contemplate what it would mean, and now Appa was touching down on the soft sands

of Ember Island, and Zuko was back in the only place that had ever felt close to a real home
to him.
He’d done well to keep Azula from his thoughts since her appearance at the Air Temple. It
wouldn’t do either of them any good to agonise over it. He could hear her in his head. So
emotional, Zu Zu. Always creating problems that aren’t even there.
But she was here, on this island. Not in person, but in the crash of the waves, the smell of
salt, the creaking beams of the house. Unignorable. His little sister in a thousand bleeding
splinters.
Conflating that with that appearance of the Avatar’s group, of Zi Se, of Tomkin and Nanook,
was jarring, to say the least. Toph was already throwing seaweed at Katara, sat near the dune
Zuko had sat with Mai when they first realised the extent of his injured leg. The campfire sat
cold and charred beneath the sun where Zuko and Azula had shared their blue fire
It all felt... ghostly. Something had lived and died here, but hadn’t moved on. Zuko didn’t
know how to talk about it, so he followed the others silently as they made their way into the
house.
“Which room was yours, Zuko?” Suki asked once they reached the wooden porch, peering
into the open corridors wondrously.
“End of the hall,” Zuko said. “On the right.”
“And which room was Ozai’s? You know, so we can decontaminate it. Maybe light some
sage.” Tomkin elbowed Nanook with a snicker, causing the other boy to roll his eyes. Still,
Zuko decided to just give everyone a quick tour. In the end, the others decided to set up camp
in the courtyard, no one wanting to voice their discomfort at sleeping somewhere Zuko’s
family had.
He wasn’t offended. Even he felt wrongfooted here. There was a tension in the group,
everyone at once existing in the anticipation before a question was asked, and Zuko knew it
was only a matter of time, so he hid in his room, the only one to sleep in the actual house, and
unpacked some things for the single night Sokka had permitted them to rest here.
They gave him some space, thankfully, but he’d have to resurface eventually.
____
The sun beamed down on them overhead as Aang chased Zi Se across the beach, kicking up
water from the shallows and cackling loudly at the delighted squeal the little boy let out upon
being grabbed beneath the armpits and lifted into the air, a boost of airbending sending them
much higher than normal.
“Again! Again!” Zi Se demanded the moment his bare feet returned to the wet sand.
“Sure thing, Zi Se!” Aang said, smiling. “We can play whatever you want.”

And they did. Aang knew the others found it a little tiring constantly humouring Zi Se’s
childish side, but Aang didn’t mind it one bit. Fun and play were integral to a happy life, at
any age. Monk Gyatso had always said so, and no one really played with Aang anymore. It
was always war talk, war talk, war talk, and he was sick of it. It was so depressing.
Zi Se’s latest game of tag was much more interesting, albeit different than how Aang had
played before.
“Tag!” Zi Se yelled, out of breath from chasing Aang while the airbender zipped and hopped
around, grin victorious.
Aang beamed back at the little boy, before exaggeratingly falling back into the sand. “Oh no!
You caught me!”
“You’re dead now, you have to go stand over there,” Zi Se said matter-of-factly, pointing over
at the little rock pile he’d gathered in preparation for the game.
Aang tilted his head, confused. “I thought that was a base camp?”
“No,” Zi Se huffed. “It’s where you go when you’re dead. I caught you so you’re dead.”
“Dead seems a little...” Aang struggled for a word that wouldn’t dismiss Zi Se’s game.
“Extreme? How about we just make that be the loser camp? I'm the loser ‘cause you caught
me, so I’m stuck there while you tell everyone you won-!”
“No!” Zi Se said, surprisingly frustrated. “I caught you so you’re dead.”
For a moment, they stared at each other, the younger boy growing increasingly frustrated,
like he wanted to express something but didn’t have the words, and Aang growing
increasingly uncomfortable. He didn’t want to humour this, not even for the sake of Zi Se’s
fun. He didn’t want to play at dying. He didn’t want it to be something Zi Se knew, let alone
be so adamant about. He wished none of them had to know it. I caught you so you’re dead.
Zi Se had a brother, once. Sokka had told them, and they each quietly held the truth of it in
every exchange they had with the boy, but only Zuko and Zi Se knew what really happened
the day Lanse was killed. How did a five-year-old even make sense of death? Aang was twice
Zi Se’s age and still couldn't quite wrap his mind around the concept of all his old friends
being gone.
Aang wished he knew what to say to Zi Se, some Avatar wisdom, or maybe just comfort from
someone older, but he felt so painfully young in that moment, clueless and searching and
grieving in spite of it all.
“I don’t think I want to play this game anymore,” Aang said quietly.
Zi Se looked confused, then sad, and kicked at the sand indignantly before stomping off,
sulking. Aang let him go, not knowing what else to do.
____

Most of the rooms in the beach house were open, either by having entire walls that looked out
onto the courtyard or large windows with thrown open shutters. The kitchen was no different,
a soft sea breeze perpetually dancing between the pots and pans hanging from exposed
beams, oil lamps flickering as the sun began to set. It was a relatively big kitchen, with thin
shoji panels pushed aside to reveal the courtyard where Katara had decided they would eat,
but compared to a palace, Zuko had always found the Ember Island house... cosy. He decided
not to voice that thought, for fear of ridicule from his friends. They'd been set up in the
kitchen for a while now, laughing as they cooked, excited at the prospect of so many utensils
at their disposal, as well as a lot of food and spices in the cupboards that weren’t at risk of
going bad. Katara was in such a good mood she was even letting people help her. Willingly.
Suki was cutting vegetables with Sokka, Katara herself was mixing something that smelled
amazing in a large pot, Tomkin and Nanook were on the courtyard steps preparing tea for
everyone, and Toph was sat on a counter, kicking her feet back and forth, apparently having
been benched upon immediately setting something on fire. Zuko had joined her nervously,
not knowing how to help without inevitably getting in the way.
The overwhelming smell of food made Zuko’s stomach twist longingly, and with it, that
familiar stab of violence. He was better on the sidelines, he decided. Things had been going
well lately; he didn’t want to push it.
“Hey guys!” Aang chirped, entering from the corridor with a grin. “Whatcha making?”
Zi Se ran in ahead of the airbender, making straight for Zuko and wordlessly tugging at his
trouser leg. Zuko frowned, picking the little boy up and holding him on his hip, gold eyes
searching amber. Zi Se wasn’t nearly as clingy as he used to be, and generally only wanted
Zuko to pick him up like this when he was upset about something.
Zi Se’s expression was frustrated, but he didn’t say anything in response to Zuko’s
questioning look, only scowling before hiding his face in the crook of Zuko’s neck. Zuko
looked over to Aang, hoping the airbender had some sort of explanation, but he was chatting
away to Katara excitedly. Almost too excitedly, like he was pointedly avoiding looking
Zuko’s way.
Zuko narrowed his eyes, but was stopped from saying anything when Katara announced that
the food was ready and to help carry bowls out.
“Can you believe we’re gonna be at the White Lotus camp in only two days?” Katara asked
the group with a smile as she joined them on the steps, settling back with her bowl. “I know
it’s not been long, but I miss having the others with us.”
“I just hope they haven’t run into any trouble on the way,” Sokka sighed, already halfway
through his portion. “Or caused any.”
Zuko thought of Chena’s ineffable ability to start a fight, and smirked. Sokka, who was sat
next to him, offering a firm barrier between Zuko, Zi Se and the rest of the group, looked
ecstatic at the admission of amusement, making Zuko bite back his smile on principal.

“Please, they’ll be fine,” Tomkin said, flapping a hand in the air. “They might have even
beaten us. The Spirits know Bato would bet on something like that, and Aput has a nasty
competitive streak when it suits him.”
Everyone laughed, rolling their eyes and sharing knowing smiles, sated by warm food and
good company. There was a dark voice in Zuko’s mind that wanted to pull him back from this
moment and make him dissect it, wonder at what he would have done if he’d known of this
back then, but he pushed it away. He wanted to just exist here.
The mood was sobered by the most unlikely person. Aang had been quiet since they’d come
outside, and Zuko still didn’t know what had caused Zi Se’s odd sulking, though the little boy
had clearly moved on if the way he was trying to sneak away some of Nanook’s food while
he wasn’t looking was anything to go by.
When Aang spoke now, his voice was quiet, thoughtful, and beneath it all, he sounded
scared.
“I can’t believe we’ll have to fight the Fire Lord soon.”
Zuko felt his food turn ash-like in his mouth, forcing it down with a dry swallow. Flashes of
his father’s face, always framed in fire or lightning, flickered through his mind. He had
existed here, at the beach house. There were memories here. A looming shadow in the
corridors. A master bedroom Zuko and Azula were not allowed to enter. Their mother’s
muted smiles.
Sozin's Comet was coming. Time was running out. It would be the fight of their lives, and for
Zuko, who had fought for every day of his life, a bone-deep tiredness overwhelmed him.
“It doesn’t feel real,” Tomkin concurred, staring into his teacup. “Like, the Fire Lord himself
doesn’t even feel real. He doesn’t feel like one man.”
There were several murmured agreements, and Zuko realised, dumbly, that he was the only
person here who’d met Ozai. Everyone seemed to realise it at the same time as him, because
Tomkin blinked, head snapping in Zuko’s direction.
“I mean, obviously he’s real,” Tomkin spluttered. “I just mean-.”
“I know what you mean,” Zuko said cooly.
Aang was staring at him, and spoke before Tomkin could dig himself a hole.
“When the comet comes,” the Avatar said, words oddly careful, “do you think... is there a
way we can defeat him without fighting him?”
A chorus of ‘huh’ and ‘what’s sounded from the group, blindsided by the question, and Zuko
found himself staring right back at the Avatar, uniter of nations, bringer of peace, twelveyear-old boy.
“You’re kidding, right?” Zuko hissed.

Aang shook his head. “I just think... He doesn’t know us, he hates us, I get that, but you’re
his son-.”
“The fuck’s that got to do with anything?”
“Don’t swear at him,” Katara berated quietly, but even that felt more knee-jerk than like she
was actually annoyed with Zuko, her blue eyes boring into Aang in frustration and confusion.
Nanook tried a more gentle approach. “Aang, I don’t think Zuko can change his father’s mind
on this.”
Zuko was too baffled by the sudden conversation to even be upset. Why on earth would they
think Zuko could just talk to Ozai? It was laughable. In fact, he felt that hysterical need to
laugh bubbling in his chest, too tight, off-kilter. How could the Avatar be so clueless?
“So, just to be clear,” Zuko asked, letting out a dry huff of laughter, “you want me to... speak
out against my father? Tell him what he’s doing is wrong? Appeal to his humanity? And you,
what, think that because I'm his son, he has to listen to me?”
And Aang, stupid, young Aang, hesitated before giving a hopeful nod.
Zuko couldn’t help it; he laughed freely then, shaking his head, clutching his stomach with
one hand, his free hand reaching for his face, digging into his scar. They didn’t know. Hakoda
had never told them. It was... sweet, in a sense. Hakoda had kept this for Zuko to share if and
when he wanted to, even when the chief owed him nothing, but it never stopped hurting.
Each time Zuko had to declare his father’s lack of love for him, it felt like being burned all
over again.
Ozai had left him to rot in an Earth Kingdom cell. Ozai had only been proud when Zuko
killed Fong. Ozai banished him, burned him, mutilated him, and Aang didn’t even want to
fight him, to fight the one man in all the nations who indisputably deserved punishment.
Zuko’s father died the day of the lightning strike, crackling revelation jumping from his
hands into Zuko’s, ricocheting around the throne room before finding home in his father’s
empty chest. The world ended that day, and opened up into a new world, one where Zuko
might live softly. It didn’t matter what happened next in this war, or how Aang would defeat
Ozai, or how the man would die. It mattered only that they won. Zuko was grieving a man
still breathing. It was more courtesy than Ozai had ever granted Zuko in return.
“Zuko?” Sokka placed a nervous hand to Zuko’s shoulder when his laughter petered off, and
Zuko shrugged him away. He couldn’t be touched right now.
“He won’t change his mind,” Zuko said drily, staring at his hand now in his lap, fingers
curling, crooked in places from being broken and rebroken too many times. “Not about this.
Not about anything. I'm the last person who could convince him.”
Aang still had that stupid sparkle in his eye, and even Katara looked considering.
“But-.”

“But nothing!” Zuko snapped, finally addressing the group as a whole. “I tried to change his
mind about something three years ago, and this,” he gestured at his face, “is where it got me.
Why do you think something this substantial would be any different?”
Silence. Eyes watching him, unblinking. Breaths held. It felt good to say it, to snap teeth in
warning, but Zuko wanted to retreat all the same. This was one more thing to surrender.
“What do you mean by that?” Nanook finally asked, voice hushed.
Zuko suddenly remembered the South Pole, the burn-turned-scar on Tomkin’s arm, and
remembered that Tomkin and Nanook knew something the others could only guess at –
Zuko's scar was personal. It was no accident. They'd respected him enough since that
incident to let it go, to not pry, to trust him to come to them when he was ready, but they’d
never... they’d never figured it out. It made sense, but Zuko always felt so known by them
that such a fundamental part of him still being a mystery just seemed impossible.
Dread kept a matching vigil on both their faces now.
All the fight left Zuko on an exhale, and he ducked his head, unable to handle the ferocity of
so much attention on a wound that would always be raw.
“It doesn’t matter now-.”
“It does,” Tomkin said vehemently, blue eyes wide.
The others nodded in agreement.
Eventually, Zuko sighed.
“My first war meeting...” he said, tongue thick in his mouth. “I was thirteen, and one of the
generals suggested sending a division of new recruits into battle as a diversion. He intended
for their slaughter to benefit the bulk of the army.”
Katara gasped. “That’s terrible.”
A morbid smile twisted at Zuko’s mouth. Once, he’d tried to defend the action, tried to find
the logic in his father’s cruelty, tried to find his own fault through it all. Not anymore. Katara
was right. It was terrible, the whole bloody saga. He wouldn’t waste any more days
defending Ozai.
“I argued it,” Zuko said simply, golden eyes tracing the scars littering his hands and arms.
“But me speaking out was taken as an act of disrespect, so I was challenged to an Agni Kai.”
“A fire duel?” Aang asked, head tipping to the side, birdlike. “I thought you had to be sixteen
or older for those?”
Zuko scoffed. “That’s technically the law, yes.”
His words settled over the group like ash, each expression pulled into a troubled, nervous
frown.

“I’d spoken out against the general who suggested the plan,” Zuko continued, “but it was my
father’s war room – the slight was to him, not the general, so it was him who I wound up
facing on the Agni Kai grounds.”
Each time he blinked, he was back there, the sun heavy on his bare back, the prayer shawl
falling from his shoulders, a million hungry eyes and not a single voice to defend him.
“Your father...” Nanook said slowly, anger dripping into his voice. “Your father tried to duel
you when you were thirteen?”
Zuko hummed in confirmation. “I refused to fight him. Begged him to forgive me. Prostrated
myself. He said I was only furthering my own dishonour, and that he needed to teach me a
lesson.” Zuko worked his jaw, clenching his fists, and grit out the next words. “So he held my
face and burned me.”
Aang’s hands flew to his mouth, Katara letting out a horrified gasp, and Tomkin had tears in
his eyes, lips parted. The others watched him with quiet, contemplative looks of realisation.
Even Toph, whose mouth was twisted down, looked troubled. Zi Se leaned his weight against
Zuko. He knew he probably shouldn’t discuss something like this in front of the little boy, but
he’d never intended to talk about this today in the first place. He made a mental note to have
a long talk with Zi Se later, to reassure him that he was okay, that they were both safe now,
just like he promised.
Even if Zuko would return to war with the comet. Even if he would leave Zi Se behind once
more.
“The burn I could handle,” Zuko said quietly, words he’d never voiced before. “The pain, the
scarring, the punishment – none of it was new from him. But he... he banished me. He said I
couldn’t return home unless I restored my honour by finding the Avatar.” Aang flinched. "At
the time, no one thought it could be done. For three years, no one thought it could be done.
He never once hoped for my return, I know that now, but I wanted so badly to come home...
and then suddenly, you appeared.”
He gave Aang a wry smile, small, weak against the weight of his words, but genuine. The
Avatar looked harrowed by his story, grey eyes filled with tears.
“That’s why you were hunting me?” he asked quietly.
Zuko nodded, before swallowing, clearing his throat awkwardly and setting his bowl down.
“It doesn’t matter now. It's done. I’m sorry...” He looked around at the assortment of halffinished dinners. “Sorry, let’s finish eating. I didn’t mean to-.”
Sokka grabbed Zuko’s arm just as he reached to tug at his own hair anxiously, careful not to
hold too tight but keeping his touch firm, grounding, slowly pulling his arm down to rest
between them.
“Thank you for telling us,” Sokka said gently.

Zuko’s entire face flooded with heat.
“Yeah,” he said, like an idiot.
“We’ll kill him,” Nanook said suddenly, gaze fierce, tone an unmoving growl. “The Fire Lord
will pay for what he’s done to everyone. Whatever it takes, we'll win.”
The intensity of his words stunned Zuko to silence, such a brash statement from a boy usually
so contained, so intentional. Zuko could hear Nanook’s anger, his grief, and knew it wasn’t
just for the war he had been forced into so young, for everything and everyone he’d lost to it,
but for Zuko too. Zuko, his friend, against all odds.
Shy grins broke out, tentative hope. Zuko held Nanook’s stare, swallowing the lump in his
throat as he pictured his father dead in his own throne room, and nodded.
“Fire Lord Ozai is no match for Team Avatar!” Tomkin cheered, pumping his fist in the air,
though the confidence was lost a little to the way he’d clearly been trying not to cry only
moments before, nose running. Nanook bumped his shoulder with an eye roll, at once teasing
and supportive. Zuko couldn’t help but smile then. He felt so completely like he was part of
something, something big, something greater than all of them.
Change, finally, was coming. They would herald the new dawn. Peace – hard-earned, gentle
peace – would finally rest in their hands.
“We’ll win,” Aang agreed, the only one not matching their smiles, gaze on the floor, “but I
can’t kill the Fire Lord.”
“Sure you can, Twinkletoes,” Toph said, her grin all teeth. “We’re still training you up. No
student of mine will embarrass me in front of the Fire Nation.”
“And you’ll have us to help you,” Katara said, soft and determined in turn. “You don’t have
to defeat him alone.”
Aang looked troubled. “That’s not my point. I know we can defeat him, but I won’t kill him.”
Oddly, it was Zi Se who Aang’s gaze landed on when he looked up. The little boy was
frowning, not nearly disturbed enough by the subject matter as he should have been, but
confused all the same. Aang stared at him for a few moments, before shaking his head.
“Sorry, I'm tired,” he said, faking a yawn. “I’m gonna go to bed early.”
“The sun hasn’t even set yet,” Sokka pointed out, but Aang was already making his way over
to his tent. They all watched him duck inside and pull the flaps down firmly behind him,
throwing confused glances to each other like anyone might have an explanation for the
Avatar’s odd behaviour.
“What does he mean, he won’t kill him?” Tomkin hissed quietly, earning an elbow from
Nanook.
“Maybe he’s just got cold feet?” Suki suggested.

“I think it’s best we just leave him be for now,” Katara said, clearly worried. “He’s been
training so hard, it makes sense he’s tired.”
The others agreed and began packing away their dishes, but Zuko continued staring at Aang’s
tent, a strange knot of dread settling in his stomach. He couldn’t shake the feeling that they
were missing something.
____
Everyone split up after dinner, the benders doing some light training in the dusk, Suki
running through her own katas, and Sokka taking Zi Se back to the beach to play. It left Zuko,
Tomkin and Nanook in the kitchen to wash up, and they settled into an easy routine of
Nanook washing, Zuko drying, and Tomkin putting everything back in content silence, only
speaking to ask Zuko where certain things went. Still, Nanook could feel a tension in the air,
a conversation waiting to be had, and by the time he started running out of dishes to
methodically scrub past the point of cleanliness, he felt like he was choking the words back.
It took his hand knocking into Zuko’s for him to finally speak.
“I wish we’d known sooner,” he blurted out, guilt in every letter, both for his selfishness to
say such a thing, and for his friend’s perpetual suffering in silence. “It could... I wouldn’t
have been so hard on you, at the beginning.”
Tomkin looked over at Nanook, bewildered, but decided to let the conversation play out for
now. Zuko didn’t look up from where he was delicately wiping a plate with a cloth, using his
firebending to warm it.
Eventually, he said, “I deserved it.”
“You were scared.”
“So were you.”
Those golden eyes never stopped being so piercing. For a moment, they just stared at each
other.
“That day in the village, with the fire,” Tomkin said carefully, making them both turn to him
as he traced his fingers over the scar on his arm. “You told Hakoda, didn’t you?”
Zuko almost looked like he was going to reach for Tomkin then, eyes wide and wanting, like
even just touching the scar might confirm something, or reassure him, or scare him away
entirely. It was always hard to tell with the prince.
He ducked his head. “I did. It's why he changed his mind about me, I think. I didn’t really get
it at the time. I think I do now.”
Because the concept of the chief deciding to spare Zuko simply because he saw a boy who
was hurting and wanted to help was so foreign to the firebender that it had taken him months
to come to terms with it, just as he’d needed his father to abandon him to torture in an Earth
Kingdom prison before he even considered letting him go. It was devastating, the shackles of

Zuko’s devotion, how much he was willing to let the people he loved hurt him, never once
questioning if they even loved him back, and so often they hadn’t.
So often, Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation had devoted himself to undeserving causes and
suffered gladly for them.
Nanook was helpless in this war. He didn’t have the horror of a destiny, like Zuko and Aang.
He wasn’t a prodigy, like Katara and Toph. If not for the definitions of those that loved him,
Nanook would be another faceless soldier, sent forward into battle, but he was loved, and it
made him known. It made him matter.
He wanted Zuko to know he mattered too. He couldn’t save him from what he’d suffered, but
he could comfort him now.
Nanook dropped the handful of chopsticks he’d been washing and turned to face Zuko,
overly-serious and making the firebender blink at him in surprise, tipping his head to the side
a little like he was about to ask a question.
Before he got the chance, Nanook was hugging him, not so tight as to spook the other boy,
but holding him close, tucking his chin over his shoulder and scowling at the blinding grin
Tomkin sent his way.
“Is this really necessary-?”
“Group hug!” Tomkin announced, before throwing himself onto both of them, knocking into
Nanook’s ribs.
It was too warm and Nanook’s hair was caught in someone’s armpit and Zuko looked like he
might set all three of them on fire with how red his face had gone, but it was perfect, and
before he realised it, Nanook was laughing. It never took much to set Tomkin off, and with
them both laughing and hugging him, Zuko couldn’t fight back a small, disgruntled huff.
Nanook took it as a victory. There weren’t many in this war, but this, undoubtedly, would
always be theirs to claim.
____
Staying in the holiday estate of the Fire Lord on the night of a full moon was disconcerting,
to say the least. Sokka felt it like a constant itch, the wrongness of it, but beggars couldn’t be
choosers, and they hadn’t stayed somewhere with actual shelter in too long.
Part of Sokka had wanted that kind of stability even in the bowels of war. It had been months
since the Siege of the North; this was hardly Sokka’s first full moon to reckon with, but still,
he sat sleeplessly for each of them, gazing up into those beautiful white moonbeams and
imagining them as locks of hair playing between his fingers, a ghost of breath, lips cold in
distance.
Yue was dead. Three words. Simple, in the grand scheme of a war waging a hundred years,
but the thing about someone dying was that they never stopped being dead, and each day, she

was more dead than the last. Sokka didn’t know how to handle that. Time was supposed to
heal, but he was terrified of forgetting Yue like he’d begun to forget his mother. One day,
maybe years from now, maybe not long at all, she would start to blur at the edges, and he’d
forget the girl of moonlight who taught him what it meant to hold love in one hand and duty
in the other.
He saw her in Zuko. It was a thought he would have reeled from even a single full moon ago,
but now, he sighed into it. Two royals, inheritors of nations, honour-bound and selfsacrificing. Two children in a world where gentleness could not exist, who had been made to
suffer more than their years.
If Yue had known anger as Zuko had, would she still be here?
If Zuko had known softness as Yue had, would he have been saved?
The irony of Sokka’s appeal to first Yue and now Zuko was not lost on him. It felt at once
laughable and like a stinging betrayal to Yue’s memory. Zuko was not his nation, was not his
father, even if Sokka had spat that horrid insult at the other boy only yesterday – and how
shitty did that make him feel now upon Zuko’s latest revelation? – but he still had a
responsibility to those things. Yue’s death swam amongst it all, blood in an ever-flowing
river.
Sokka sat on the sand dunes watching the sunset, deep in thought, pulling up the spikey grass
beside him. He’d played with Zi Se for a little bit, but the boy was quieter than usual,
exhausted from the long day, and had gone to bed pretty quickly, which Sokka was grateful
for. He always took full moons to himself. Katara knew to leave him alone, and Aang tended
to become reclusive for his own reasons. Even Toph had started to approach these nights with
as much tact as she was capable of, which admittedly wasn’t much, but the thought was nice.
“I don't know what to do, Yue," Sokka admitted with a huff. “I think you’d like him. It's
weird, picturing it. You’re always so soft and he’s... not, but still, I think you’d be one of
those pairs that just work, you know? I know he’d like you. I even think... I think him being
around would have helped me understand you better, and you being here would help me
understand him better. Is that awful?”
The moon was, as always, silent. He could almost imagine Yue sat next to him, quietly
watching him talk himself into a hole he couldn’t climb out of, giggling behind her hand
when he ultimately threw her a helpless look.
“I like him,” Sokka whispered, barely a breath. “I really, actually like him. Ugh!” He buried
his head in his hands, because really? Prince Zuko, of all people? He couldn’t make it work
with Suki – beautiful, amazing Suki – so his stupid heart landed on a firebender?
And what was he supposed to do now? Should he do something?
In the past, Sokka had always acted before he could even come to terms with his feelings.
Falling for someone was very much a fall; clumsy and awkward and unintentional. With both
Yue and Suki, logic had come much later, and only then had he given the situation pause.

With Zuko, it had been the complete opposite. Sokka had hated the other boy, and every step
towards fondness had been hard-earned and intentional. He wasn’t used to painstakingly
coming to the realisation that he liked someone and then acting on it. He felt... wrongfooted.
“Mind if I join?”
Sokka let out an undignified squawk at Suki’s sudden voice, and she laughed shamelessly at
him.
“Spirits, are you trying to kill me?” Sokka hissed, clutching his chest dramatically.
Suki cackled. “What happened to those warrior instincts, huh?”
"I think you got them all when we split up,” he said, before pausing awkwardly. Sure, him
and Suki were never properly dating, and they’d ended amicably all the same, and were good
friends now to the point the lack of awkwardness was a little astounding, but outright joking
about it when it had only been a few weeks felt... insensitive.
Suki, easy-going as ever, just continued smiling as she took a seat next to him, before looking
up and sighing.
“Full moon, huh?” she asked.
“Yup.” He knew what she was really asking, but couldn’t meet her eye.
It was quiet for a bit, peaceful even, but peace was never a constant in Sokka’s life à la the
ongoing war the universe had waged with him since birth, and he should have known not to
lower his guard.
Suki snickered. “Well, you sure know how to pick ’em.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Sokka asked, throwing a bewildered look her way.
“It means,” Suki said, “your first girlfriend turned into the moon, and now, you have a crush
on probably the biggest trauma magnet in the world condensed into teenage boy form.”
And listen, Sokka knew Suki had been onto him these past few days, with her stupid
nicknames for Zuko just to rile Sokka up and her childish expressions whenever Sokka so
much as looked at Zuko, but outright saying it was too far. Sokka still had some dignity,
thank you. Some. A tiny bit. Negligible.
“Hey!” he hissed, snapping his head over his shoulder to check no one was nearby. “Keep
your voice down! And I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Suki giggled. Giggled. “Sure you don’t, hot shot.”
Sokka groaned into his hands. There was a certain relief to knowing he wouldn’t have to
attempt confessing all his weird, complicated emotions towards the firebender to Suki
anytime soon, but she always pulled the truth out of him and laid it bare whether he was
ready for it or not, and now was no different.

He also felt that niggling awkwardness from earlier, and peeked up at her with a frown.
“Do you... Do you think it’s too soon?” he asked. “Are you annoyed?”
Suki's smile softened. “Too soon after us?”
Sokka nodded.
“Nah," she said, like it was easy. “I think we both knew what we had was finished long
before we talked about it. I had fun, and I'll always like you, Sokka, but that means I want
what’s best for you, just like you want what’s best for me. We can’t be that for each other. I'm
glad we realised that sooner rather than later. And you have to admit,” green eyes flashed
with mischief, “this is probably the funniest possible outcome.”
Sokka groaned again, shoving Suki into the sand as she began to cackle in earnest, but he
couldn’t bite back a pleased grin, eventually laughing with her.
“Thanks, Sooks,” he said once they’d calmed a little.
Suki elbowed him. “Don’t mention it. Spar?”
It was becoming a tradition of theirs to spar through a full moon until Sokka collapsed from
exhaustion and didn’t have the energy to think too hard.
He took the offer instantly.
____
Zuko couldn’t sleep. He ought to have passed out the moment he fell back against his
expensive bed after growing so accustomed to sleeping in the dirt, but he was left staring at
the ceiling, listening to the distant waves as he twisted his pai sho tile around and around his
fingers.
He couldn’t focus on any one thing. His mind jumped from Fong to Ozai to Iroh to Azula like
he was forever going to be beholden to those in his life that represented the most pain. Zi Se
slept soundly beside him, curled into himself on the mattress, practically buried beneath the
blankets and looking soft, safe, entirely exhausted from playing on the beach for so long.
Zuko periodically pushed his dark hair from his face.
His memories of Azula in this house saw her at a similar age, small and bright-eyed, quick as
a whip even then, but salvagable. Sometimes as children they’d stay up so late playing that
they’d sleep in the same bed, too scared to sneak across the corridor and risk waking their
parents up, and she’d kick him and push him for supposedly crossing the invisible line
cutting between them, but when she slept, she’d always shuffle gradually closer to him. Zuko
wondered if she still would, if there was a part of her subconscious that still leaned towards
her big brother.
He doubted it. Blue fire and gold eyes. Two killers. Two children.

Zuko pushed himself up with a start, unable to stay in his room anymore with these memorysoaked walls closing in. Just like all those nights ago, he ventured out onto the beach for
some fresh air, and just like all those nights ago, he was surprised to find he wasn’t alone. He
bumped into Suki, covered in sweat and her hair in disarray.
“Zuko!” she greeted, somewhat out of breath. “I was just going in. We've been sparring for
hours, I think I'm gonna pass out.”
“We?” Zuko asked, looking down the beach, only then noticing Sokka sat on the dunes, chin
on his knees, staring up at the moon. It was full tonight. Not a cloud in sight.
Suki followed his gaze and gave him an oddly knowing smile. "You should join him. It
doesn’t do him good to think too much on nights like this.”
Zuko frowned, not knowing what she meant by that, but Suki was already making her way up
to the house. He walked over to Sokka, avoiding surprised blue eyes blinking up at him as he
took a seat.
“Hi,” Zuko said lamely.
“Hi,” Sokka said. His sounded more like a question.
Zuko leaned back on his palms. “I couldn’t sleep. Why are you out here so late?”
That seemed to put Sokka a little more at ease, and the other boy sighed tiredly,
contemplating his answer, finally shrugging.
“Couldn't sleep either, I guess.”
“Suki said the two of you have been sparring for a while,” Zuko said. “You aren’t tired? It's
important to rest after intense physical exertion-.”
“It’s not that,” Sokka huffed, a small smile playing at his lips, before it fell into something
sad. He turned to face Zuko. Agni, those eyes. Zuko felt pinned in place.
“I never told you about Yue, did I?” Sokka asked.
Zuko shook his head.
“I figure if we’re trading tragic backstories today,” Sokka laughed bitterly, turning back to
look at the moon. Zuko tried not to show how confused he was.
“She was the princess of the Northern Water Tribe,” he said, voice soft, so soft, liable to
bruise. “I only knew her for a few days, but it felt like more. She just got me, you know? But
she was the princess, and her duty would always come first. How much do you know about
the Siege of the North?”
Zuko knew he’d been rotting in a cell for it, but somehow, he thought a comment like that
wouldn’t be appropriate here. He frowned, thinking back. He'd heard bits and pieces from the
soldiers in Fong’s base, snarled insults from Spider, and had heard of it further in the White

Lotus camp. Red moon. No moon. Tui. He knew Zhao had attacked the Northern Water Tribe
and had attempted to kill the Moon Spirit. He knew the Avatar had been possessed by the
Ocean Spirit in vengeance and had killed Zhao as well as most of his fleet. He knew it was
one of the worst Fire Nation defeats in the history of the war.
He hadn’t heard of a princess. He told Sokka everything but that.
Sokka nodded solemnly. “That’s the basic gist of it, but Yue... She restored the Moon Spirit
by sacrificing her life in its place. It wasn’t even a question for her; there was no scenario
where she didn’t give the entirety of herself for her people. And now, she’s up there.”
Sokka nodded up at the moon that somehow seemed so much brighter than before, like it was
watching them.
Zuko was speechless for a moment, just staring at the glowing white. He knew what it meant
to hear the call of duty and leave everything you loved for it, to be honour-bound to a people
without knowing if they’d even value your sacrifice. Zuko thought of a princess staring out at
a land of ice. He thought about the 41st division being marched into fire. Somehow, he felt as
though he knew Yue, and knew also that he would never get to.
“I’m sorry,” Zuko said quietly. “That’s... rough.”
Sokka snorted at what Zuko immediately realised came across as a catastrophic
understatement, cursing himself, but his bashfulness just made Sokka smile wider, and Zuko
would take it if it stopped that sad, wounded look in the other boy’s eyes.
“What can I say, I have a habit of surrounding myself with reckless, self-sacrificing idiots.”
Sokka shook his head. “You’re all going to send me to an early grave.”
Zuko couldn’t help but feel pleased at the jab, at even an indirect admission that Sokka
viewed him as one of his group, responsible for Zuko as Zuko felt responsible for Sokka.
Suddenly, the other boy groaned, stretching out his arms.
“Spirits, but I sparred too long with Suki,” Sokka said, wincing. “I feel like all of my muscles
have turned to jelly.”
Zuko cocked his head, considering. “Going in the water might help.”
“It’ll be freezing.”
“I can keep you warm,” Zuko said. It would be good practise for regulating his chi.
Sokka's reaction was very strange, flushing so quickly and obviously that Zuko was able to
see it even in the dim moonlight, then spluttering for a few long moments like Zuko had said
something entirely untoward. Zuko just frowned at him, wondering if the other boy was
alright.
“Uh, sure!” Sokka said, sparing him from worry. “Yeah, sure, that’s. Yep! Okay!”

He got up quickly, brushing sand from his trousers before rolling them up to his knees. Zuko
copied him. They both looked ridiculous as they headed down the beach to the gentle tide,
throwing off their shirts as they went. Zuko didn’t even think twice about it. Not with Sokka,
who’d seen it all before under much worse circumstances.
Sokka was right; the water was freezing. Zuko instantly puffed out a wave of heat the
moment the water lapped over his ankles, and Sokka jumped into the warmth instantly,
yelping when they stepped in deeper.
“Technically,” Zuko forced through grit teeth, "cold water immersion is recommended after
intense exercise. I used to have ice baths when I’d had long days of training.”
“Of course you did,” Sokka grumbled, arms crossed tightly. “I’m gonna be honest, I'm not
feeling the benefits yet.”
“You need to go deeper,” Zuko said, before deciding to just suck it up, diving forward,
uncaring of his clothes. The shock of cold almost made him gasp under the water, but the
moment it washed over his head, he began to climatise, and surfaced with a buzz, flicking his
hair out and grinning over at Sokka, who was kind of just... staring.
“I am not doing that,” the other finally spluttered.
Zuko raised an eyebrow, before lunging forward and grabbing Sokka by his middle, shoving
him over. The water rushed over both of them, barely giving Zuko time to suck in a breath
before they went under and knocked into the sand bed, arms scrabbling against Zuko as he let
go and they both surfaced with a gasp.
“You asshole!” Sokka cried out, quickly crossing his arms over his chest again to preserve
some warmth, but he was grinning, his hair coming out of its tie to frame his face, and Zuko
couldn’t help but laugh.
“You wouldn’t have done it otherwise,” he pointed out.
Sokka huffed, rolling his eyes.
The water was up to their ribs now, and Sokka was stood much closer than Zuko had
anticipated, making no move to distance himself from the bubble of heat Zuko kept up
around him. He didn’t think the proximity bothered the other boy. He'd always been so...
engimatic. So comfortable in his own skin, so confident in the space he took up, while Zuko
shrunk beneath the attention, staring at the water lapping against his scarred chest. He could
feel Sokka’s eyes roving over him, refamiliarising himself with what he’d seen in the Boiling
Rock. Zuko had been bitter then, defensive, angry. Now, he felt... grounded.
He felt safe with Sokka’s eyes on him. He didn’t know what to do with that.
Zuko flinched suddenly when a cool hand grazed his stomach, snapping his gaze up to see
Sokka watching his own fingers trace a deep scar there. He didn’t look judgemental, or
disgusted, or any of the things Zuko feared most. Only... considering. Like all things, this was
something Sokka wanted to understand.

It was a silent question, one Zuko didn’t have to answer if he didn’t want to, but the enormity
of what Zuko went through often meant the details got missed. He was the only one carrying
each individual scar. No one else had to know the exact circumstances of all of them. How
could he expect them to? There were so many. But each had been its own experience, each its
own memory he would be cursed to forever, and the silent offer to share some of that, to give
these memories to hands that were touching him gently...
“He used different blades,” Zuko said, voice choked, hoarse. Sokka nodded, urging him to
continue. "He’d... He’d leave these scratches a lot of the time. Deep enough to hurt, not deep
enough to scar, to taunt me, I think. But these... He’d cut back the skin... Peel it, in these
small sections.” Zuko indicated a few other scars on his chest, one on his shoulder. There
were more on his back. Sokka took a moment, brow furrowed, pained, before moving on, the
graze of his fingers hitching Zuko’s breath and sending his heart racing at the suggestion of
sensation.
Sokka paused on Zuko’s sternum, where jagged flesh lay in a pink-white-red mess.
“Fire,” Zuko husked, barely whispering the next words. “He thought it was funny.”
A muscle in Sokka’s jaw twitched at that, anguish on Zuko’s behalf, and it was... nice. He
couldn’t take this pain from Zuko, but he could hold his hands against it and condemn it.
They went like that until Zuko felt somehow dizzy and steady at once, calloused fingers
tracing every scar they could find, brushing against his own fingertips to feel the bend of
poorly healed bones, dancing fearlessly over burns, walking the precipice of lacerations.
Undaunted, in the face of all Zuko was, until finally, like a river flowing to sea, Sokka’s hand
reached up to hold Zuko’s face, right over his scar. Zuko felt like he was in a trance as he
watched the other boy, fetterless from the singing nerves that had known only agony for
months, and was entirely at Sokka’s mercy now, clueless to what he was thinking, knowing
only that he... he trusted him with it.
He didn’t know when they’d stepped so close, didn’t know who had moved, knew only that
his chest was brushing Sokka’s, and he was a little taller than the other boy but Sokka was a
vision against the waves. In that moment, Zuko knew perfectly how the moon pushed and
pulled the tide, because without thought, without even realising, Zuko found himself drawn
to Sokka, leaning into him, the grip Sokka had on his face becoming firmer, but not to push
him away. His fingers carded through his hair, resting at the back of his head and pulling him
in until their noses brushed, until they were sharing air and Zuko could have sworn mere
moments ago they were separated, but now it was impossible to tell where each of them
started and ended, contained so wholly in each other, in this moment.
And then Sokka leaned closer still, a ghost of breath on Zuko’s mouth before lips pressed to
his, so tenderly, so briefly, that he almost wondered if he’d imagined it, this thing they had
created, impossibly fragile, and reality snapped back around Zuko all at once.
Sokka had kissed him.
Zuko was pressed entirely against him. His... His hand was on his hip-. When did he even-?

Agni, what had he done?
The fear that struck Zuko was unknowable in its vastness, the indisputable feeling that he’d
done something wrong, something unforgivable, and punishment the likes of which he could
no longer stomach would be inevitable. It always was.
Terrified, Zuko pushed away, shoving Sokka hard by the shoulders and causing the other boy
to stumble back, yelping as he fell into the water with a loud, inelegant splash.
“I need to go,” Zuko said, the words coming out snappish, strained. He turned around before
he could see Sokka get to his feet, fleeing towards the beach and barely thinking to grab his
shirt before he was racing towards the house, breaths coming to him in panicked pants.
He dried himself as he walked, steam billowing from him, and snuck through the house like a
child out of place trying desperately not to get caught. Zi Se hadn’t even stirred in his
absence, and it reassured something in him, like maybe Zuko could pretend none of that had
happened, like maybe, maybe, just once, no one would find out what he’d done.
So he forced himself to bed, slammed his eyes shut, and choked back dreams of another boy,
honey eyes and cinnamon tea, and scars no one had ever touched gently.
____
Unsurprisingly, he didn’t get any sleep, high strung like a prey animal with its foot in a trap,
waiting for the hunter to wake up and kill him. Forcing himself to brave breakfast was an
arduous thing. No matter how many times Zuko walked himself into his own damnation, it
never got easier.
He wondered if Sokka had told everyone. He wondered if they’d even still be here.
Whatever he’d feared, it didn't match the chaos of the courtyard when he sheepishly stepped
through the kitchen shoji. Zuko was usually the first to rise, but no one could sleep through
Katara’s panicked shouting, and it made it easy to quickly decipher what was wrong.
Aang wasn’t in his tent.
A hasty search of the island gave them one conclusion.
The Avatar had vanished.

Chapter End Notes

okay some headlines:
- yes, i chose to forgo the ember island players on account of i dont like them and also i
think if taob zuko got an ember island rendition of all the shit i put him through in this

fic then it would be his last straw and he’d nuke the entire island. choose your battles
and that. pls dont comment saying ur upset i didn't do the ember island players. you love
me you want me to be happy you want peace.
- if ur one of those people that thinks the 'character A touches character B's scars and
finds out how they got each one' trope is cringe then okay! could never be me but okay!
idk WHY fandom collectively decided that trope is cringe imo it fucks so hard like yes
with any trope it can be made cringe but inherently there's nothing wrong with it in fact
im barking like a dog. it's about reclaiming control it's about rediscovering the pain
through gentle means it's about emotional intimacy translating into the physical and yes
it's even about kissing ur crush in the water beneath the moonlight
- in the plot notes for this chapter i had a really in depth description of the zukka beach
scene (you can take emotionally heavy taob revelations set to some sort of water scenery
out of my cold dead hands) and then just ended it with 'HOMOPHOBIA SONIC BEAM
' and that is stupidly funny to me. zukka sharing the most chaste innocent sweet
barely-there kiss and zuko being as insane about it as possible. sorry you guys dont
know canon like i know her
- all of this happening with the backdrop of Aang's Moral Crisis is also, unfortunately,
funny to me. sorry to my favourite boy of all time im so fucking sorry

🫵

see you next chapter!!!! <3

Chapter 45: ii. Smoke Signals
Chapter Notes

ch45 posted after a 20 month break in chapters WHOOPS. hi. me again. obligatory life
update bc i love to yap in these notes sooo i am now 23 and as of last chapter's AN i was
finishing a degree that i HATED and im here to tell you that i graduated i did it i won i
never lose and then i took a year to piss around and now i am actually back in the
fucking building yeahhhh so im doing another degree. BUT it's one i absolutely adore
and im doing it online which means i can keep working and travelling and writing yaoi
fic like any well-rounded adult ought to everyone cheer!!! ive missed you guys and ive
missed taob omg, i had A LOT of fun writing this chapter. it's quite light-hearted as we'll
be getting into the final battle arc soon and i want to make the most of 'filler' chapters
like this while i can, so sorry in advance if you've been waiting for taob's typical heavy
depressing angstfest chapters.
as is tradition i have posted smthn on ao3 every single xmas day for 5 years running, so
if you bring up the fact it's actually 3am gmt boxing day and no longer xmas day where i
am then i'll lose my shit please let me have this. yes i even lied and edited the chapter's
publication date to still be xmas. it is still xmas for a lot of people okay so don't even
worry about it actually and im really good at what i do and everyone should tell me that
a lot.
so MERRY CHRISTMAS thank you for waiting for taob even after so long. hopefully
we won't be waiting that long for ch46, i think if i dont update in the new year then
assume the fic is ABANDONED i have CUT MY LOSSES i am FED UP!!! ;)))) or
something. don't do anything i wouldn't do (BOOOOO HISSS BOOO!!!!!) xxx
EDIT: i posted this at 3am and forgot my damn admin they call her eepy mcsleepy the
third, but there's a more recent podfic for taob!!! very excitingggg and also here is the
link to the taob chapter summaries for anyone who can't remember wtf is going on bc
ur absent parent (me) ditched for 20 months and then dropped 10k words on christmas
without warning. love you

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Currently, Sokka was very stressed. It could be argued that he was always somewhat stressed.
Indeed, if stress had its own metric, Sokka’s constant state would probably rest near a
middling mark even on a good day, and right now, he could safely place himself far towards
the highest extreme. He might even be exceeding the capacity of quantifiable measurement.
Stress enough to exhaust the magnificent skill of his beloved mathematics.
And listen, he really was stressed about Aang disappearing. The comet was so close now, and
without the Avatar, they had no hope of defeating the Fire Lord, and what if Aang was in

trouble? Captured? Hurt? Really, that was very, very stressful.
But Aang had a habit of disappearing sometimes. Sure, this time felt different – there were no
signs of a fight, his body wasn’t left behind while he journeyed on some Spirit World
shenanigans, and Aang would never normally leave Appa behind – but after months of
travelling with the flighty kid, Sokka had gotten used to a more laid back mindset. He trusted
Aang. He wasn’t the immature little boy Sokka had seen fall from the iceberg. Aang knew
what his responsibility was and he knew he had to face it. He would face it, somehow, some
way, even if he mysteriously wasn’t here days before the comet for some inexplicable reason.
See, Sokka was very stressed. An appropriate amount of stressed.
But he was, well, inappropriately amount of stressed about something else too.
Like the fact he’d spent all night horrified by what had happened with Zuko on the beach
yesterday, and hadn’t had a chance this morning to really pull himself together about it given
the everything happening this morning, and now, Zuko was on the steps leading down into
the courtyard, looking all sleep-mussed and soft with his dishevelled hair and loose day
clothes, even though his golden eyes held a sharp alertness, and he refused to look at Sokka.
They had kissed.
No. Correction. Sokka had kissed Zuko and had gotten himself shoved into the water for it.
Which was probably the most humiliating rejection he’d ever received in his life and he
wanted to die, thank you for asking.
Sokka was no stranger to being rejected, but if he was being honest, with hindsight and a lot
of swallowing his pride, he could admit that they were always predictable rejections. Girls
he’d never met before and immediately approached too intensely, too soon, or been all out
rude to in his attempt to impress with his oh so macho demeanour, or casual flirting that
simply never bloomed into anything else.
It made sense, even if it had been embarrassing and stung a little at the time. But this...
Zuko... Sokka had thought...
Zuko was different. He wasn’t a passing fancy or all-intense infatuation. Sokka had hated him
for so long, and when Zuko joined their group, it had taken time to like Zuko. A conscious
effort. A friendship forged on purpose. Liking Zuko had come so gradually, so carefully,
fragile as glass shards underfoot, that he had hardly noticed it at all until it was too late.
That intention to their dynamic made Zuko so different to any crush Sokka had stumbled
upon before, because every part of Zuko that Sokka had gradually come to like, he’d noticed
slowly, he’d searched for it, he’d lured it out of the firebender even when he’d have rather
kept it locked away. No one else saw Zuko the way Sokka did – he’d even admitted it. The
only authentic thing here. Sokka was Zuko’s honesty when everyone else had been blinded
by pity, his accountability when he wanted to hide from the worst of his memories, and a
hand held to pull him out of them. They were equals. Fighters. Leaders. But when it was just
the two of them and they didn’t have to be anything grander than that, they were learning to
just be... boys. Scared. Lost. Hurt.

Zuko had trusted Sokka with so much, but somewhere along the line, Sokka had
reciprocated. Push and pull. Fire and water. Immovable object and unstoppable force. Helmet
and boomerang.
But Sokka took it too far. Zuko was an inferno of stubborn grit and indomitable survival,
smart and silly and scarred in fits and starts. A killer. A firebender. A boy with fingers broken
a dozen times over and hands gentle enough that Sokka imagined a bird cradled in those
calloused palms. A steepled cage. Not a feather unsettled. He had once thought Zuko
belonged entirely to his temper, but he was wrong back then. The boy who hunted Fong
down and killed him was also the thirteen-year-old who burned for a division of soldiers he
did not and would never know. It was that gentleness to Zuko that defined him, and even after
all the violence he had seen and delivered and suffered, it was that gentleness that tried still to
claw out of him. Sokka saw it with Zi Se, with Zuko’s clumsy friendships, and he’d received
it too. Gentle touches, soft words, glowing eyes.
Prince Zuko of the Fire Nation had consumed him in his inferno. How could he not kiss him?
He'd looked otherworldly in the moonlight, with the waves around his hips, and he’d let
Sokka touch every scar, each with a story no one else had heard before, and Sokka had...
He’d wanted to keep them. Keep him. Keep every agony and memory and swallow it down
so Zuko never had to deal with it alone ever again. How could he not kiss him?
And he’d thought, for a moment there, a perfect, infinitesimal, breath of a moment, that Zuko
had kissed him back. Lips a little rough on his. The taste of smoke. A sure hand on his hip
that Sokka was sure would burn into the skin and leave the imprint of clever fingers
forevermore with how much that touch seemed to ricochet through his entire being, pulling
him closer, pulling him in.
When Zuko had recoiled back, there had been an amalgamation of horror in his expression. A
thousand things Sokka couldn’t understand. A strange terror. Most of all, Sokka remembered
the disgust. He couldn’t make that part of Zuko beautiful, couldn’t decorate it or pretend not
to have seen. The truth was unavoidable. In the moment before he pushed Sokka back and
ran away, Zuko had been disgusted.
And now Aang was missing. And Zuko was awake, slowly descending into the courtyard like
he thought someone might snap at him, and Sokka wanted nothing more than to hide.
----The Avatar was missing and Zuko felt restless with it, skin itching, fingers twitching. He was
supposed to protect this group, to keep them safe, keep them close, and he’d lost the Avatar?
The comet was in a matter of days, and no one knew when Aang would be back, or if he even
would be back, and when had he even gone missing? Last night, when Zuko had been...?
What if that was the reason they lost the Avatar, lost the war? Did that not confirm every
hissed threat his father had lashed him with? That this... mistake inside of him could cause
entire nations to fall if he let himself indulge? Hadn't he indulged? For just a moment, hadn’t
he kissed Sokka back? Hadn't he liked it? Why the fuck was everyone staring at him?
“Why are you all staring at me?” Zuko snapped.

“Well, no offense, but aren’t you sort of the expert on tracking Aang?” Katara said, tone
hopeful. “If anyone can find him, it would be you.”
“That was a long time ago,” Zuko said, suddenly needing to have said it, even though Katara
didn’t look angry, just sick with worry. Spirits, Zuko needed to focus. Aang was missing.
That was more important than anything else. The Avatar wasn’t anywhere on Ember Island
and this wasn’t like any other time he’d vanished. If Zuko could help track him down, even
just a little, that would be enough.
“If we keep travelling to the White Lotus camp,” Tomkin said carefully, “then won’t Aang
know to meet us there?”
“But what if he’s in trouble? We can’t just leave here without him!” Katara insisted.
“But we haven’t got any idea of where he’s gone,” Nanook pointed out, trying for calmness
as the group got more and more agitated. “We can’t just track him when we have no direction
to even follow.”
“No, we can’t,” Zuko said quietly. “But I know someone who can. If she’s where I hope she
is, it won’t even take us far off course; she can usually be found in a bar on the coast of the
Mo Ce Sea.”
“That wouldn’t take more than a day,” Suki concurred. “Right, Sokka?”
Sokka, instinctively, looked over at Zuko to discuss his plan, before his eyes widened, and he
quickly looked away again.
“Yeah! Definitely doable!” he said, voice strained. Zuko felt like someone was grabbing his
insides and twisting.
They packed up quickly after that. It wasn’t much of a decision. Between continuing to the
White Lotus camp or ensuring Aang was okay, the group’s determination was wordless. It
was more than the loyalty of alliance – Zuko felt it too. In the past few days, it felt like the
eight of them had closed ranks around one another, not wanting to stray too far, always
watching someone else’s back. A group no longer just in technicality, forced together when
the adults had to take a different route that day, but a team.
As he joined his friends in Appa’s saddle, he imagined being cast out of the group. Banished.
An entire livelihood up in flames because of his wrongdoing. Again and again. Always the
same. Always wrong. Like something was rotten in his very core, and no matter how hard he
tried, it would always seep out of him, dripping poison from violent hands or spewing it from
an angry tongue, or this, a low, quiet desire, the stalking predator of longing. A skipped
heartbeat. A brush of lips. A natural disaster.
He shook his head of the thoughts, refusing to let himself be distracted by them. No one
knew. No one could find out.
And with that, Prince Zuko set off to find the Avatar.

----It was a tense flight to the Earth Kingdom. Nanook had expected a day of nerves, soothing
the kids when their anxiety peaked, doling out calm reassurances, remaining steadfast in his
own belief that everything would be fine, even if deep down, he wasn’t so sure.
What he hadn’t accounted for, however, was whatever had occurred between Sokka and
Zuko.
Sokka was restless, spending some hours overly chatty and other hours deep in thought,
shrunk into himself, and outright refusing to so much as look in Zuko’s direction. And Zuko,
sat as far from Sokka on the saddle as he could get, had been snappy to say the least, prickly
whenever anyone turned any amount of attention towards him, like a guilty child who knew
he had been caught doing something wrong, a flash of prey-like terror in each glance. First,
Nanook assumed they’d simply fallen out, but when he’d tried his luck with the historically
more rational of the pair, Sokka had gone bright red and stuttered out some ridiculous
insistence that everything was fine.
It was a relief to finally land in the Earth Kingdom. Zuko took the lead to show them the way,
and everyone else scattered somewhat, grateful for some room after a long day clustered
together on Appa. They'd usually make camp around now, the sun having set before they
even touched down, but it had been a wordless decision to keep going. They didn’t have time
to lose. They needed to find Aang.
Nanook was desperately wracking his brain for what the others would do in this situation,
wanting to be that for these kids. Hakoda’s wisdom, Bato’s sharpness, Chena’s bravery,
Kanut’s skill, Tulok’s kindness, Aput’s resolve – their responsibility was his now. A leader by
proxy. A whole tribe in the push and pull of him and Tomkin, and they were making it work.
They had to.
But Nanook couldn’t figure this hiccup out. It nagged at him, like he could see something and
he was missing it.
He'd wound up walking with Tomkin and Toph, the earthbender unusually quiet, even though
Tomkin kept talking nonsense like nothing was wrong. In fact, Nanook was certain Tomkin
hadn’t noticed anything odd between Sokka and Zuko.
“I mean, I’m all for a guy going off mid-job – sometimes you need to take a day for yourself,
you know?” Tomkin was saying, in a voice that implied he genuinely thought he was
spouting some great wisdom. “But when we’ve got days before the comet? It's like really,
dude? You’re doing this now? And I've never been the Avatar either, so the time I ditched the
crew during a two day stand-off with a Fire Nation cruiser so I could sneak to shore and buy
emergency dumplings isn’t even that comparable.”
“Or at all comparable,” Toph snorted. “Like not even a little bit, slightly comparable,
actually-.”
“Do you think something’s up with Sokka and Zuko?” Nanook interrupted, not even
pretending to have been paying attention to the conversation.

“What makes you say that?” Tomkin asked, throwing a bewildered look Nanook’s way as
their walk began to turn from grassy knolls to the start of a forest, the trees creaking in the
nighttime breeze. At their head, Zuko stomped on, undaunted.
“Oh, for sure,” Toph said, making both boys snap their attention to her. “What? Their
heartbeats keep going all over the place, it’s obvious something’s wrong.”
“Maybe they’re stressed about Aang?” Tomkin suggested, frowning.
Toph shrugged. “Maybe. One way to find out.”
“Hey,” Nanook said, suddenly urgent, “what are you going to-?”
“Hey, Snoozles!” Toph yelled. Ahead of them, Sokka jumped, along with Katara and Suki
beside him, and even Zuko and Zi Se up ahead turned around in confusion, making Sokka
look visibly more horrified.
Nanook paled. “Wait, Toph, hold on-.”
Toph did not hold on. “What’s up with you and Prickly today? You're both acting weird.”
Zuko stumbled on seemingly nothing, before immediately spinning to face the front again,
walking onwards with a vengeance, while Sokka spluttered under the attention of everyone
else. Zi Se, curiously, threw one last concerned look Zuko’s way before coming to walk with
them.
“Me? Zuko? Haha! What?” Sokka squeaked, each word coming out more and more forced,
as if he was shoving them from behind his teeth. “We are completely fine. Not weird at all,
super normal. Why would you even- Ha!”
It was almost impressive watching Sokka laugh without smiling even a little bit. In fact,
Nanook thought the other boy had stopped breathing entirely.
“Well, that was a weird reaction,” Tomkin said, unimpressed, before looking at Nanook.
“What’s going on?”
Nanook shrugged and made an I-dunno noise, watching as Sokka quickly tried to sweep
Katara and Suki’s attention away in some loud story. Zuko was walking quite far from the
main group now, alone, shoulders up in a rigid line. Nanook pictured him breaking into a run
and fleeing. A vanishing act twice done.
He couldn’t bear the thought. He had to fix this, somehow.
“I thought they’d been getting on better lately?” Nanook asked, frustrated. “If anything, I
thought they were close now. They spend so much time just the two of them, and in some
ways, Zuko lets Sokka closer than he even lets us. Even Bato’s been making those jokes, so
why-?”
He stopped speaking with all the sudden severity of an axe coming down. Then, a long
silence. A tree creaking before crashing to the ground all at once. The only way you could

read the lines within it speaking of its history. Because Nanook suddenly remembered a
beach. Gaoling. Hakoda's tent. A conversation only they knew. An argument that never got
cleared up, but drowned beneath four months of blood.
I don’t think Zuko likes girls. I don’t have a problem with that. I think, however, that he does.
Oh.
Oh, shit.
----Zuko wanted to hide. He knew what it was for the ground to yawn open with sharp teeth and
swallow you whole, knew what it was to be consumed like that, so far from the surface that
the sun could stretch golden fingers to try and reach and only ever come back with dirt
beneath fingernails. He'd disappeared for so long. The perpetual disorientation of waking up
too early and needing a moment to get your bearings. Dizzy with loss, with absence. Starving
on it. Four entire months lost to that void, that lack of feeling punctuated only by such
immense pain that it whited out any colour he might have remembered.
There comes a point in agony where a person no longer has a response for it. The body loses
its language – no screams, no cries, no moans, no begs, no curses. In its place is just some
long, animal wheeze. Not yet a death rattle. Something else. Something unnameable. Zuko
heard it now like a low hum no one else knew to notice. It backdropped everything, and he
hated how it made him wonder. He'd suffered so terribly for so long, and after everything,
why torture himself about this? He'd long since lost his nation’s favour. He'd given up on his
father and the non-existent love he’d craved from him. He knew better what it was to be
honourless than prince. So why did this matter? Why did he so desperately need to be right
about this being wrong?
He'd felt so real with Sokka’s hands on him. For the first time since Gaoling, he’d felt like
someone had dragged him back down to the ground onto feet that were finally able to carry
him. He'd felt strong, brave. And maybe if he was a little braver, he’d throw caution to the
wind and grab this with both hands, because he didn’t care anymore for consequence. This
old terror... It was just that. Old. The scars of a younger boy he no longer recognised. The
taste of cinnamon in tea.
Some days, he couldn’t even remember what Mizu had looked like.
“How much farther?” Katara asked, coming quietly to walk beside Zuko. Zuko didn’t look at
her.
“Not long,” he said. “There’s a bar a little deeper in the forest. There's a bounty hunter there.”
Katara looked troubled. “I don’t think we can afford a bounty hunter.”
“Probably not, but my uncle can. Once we’ve found Aang, we’ll go to the White Lotus camp
like we originally planned, pay June, meet up with the tribesmen and the other forces
gathered there, and get ready for Sozin’s Comet.”

Katara was quiet a few moments, before sighing, voice soft, oddly docile.
“You make it sound so easy,” she whispered. “I’m... I’m scared, Zuko. I don’t think things are
going to go our way this time.”
Zuko looked at her then, taking in her expression. She looked exhausted, stress pulling at her
mouth, and her usually fierce eyes were dulled in the face of her anxiety. Again, Zuko felt a
stab of guilt for letting his thoughts get away from the problem at hand.
“We’re going to find him, Katara,” he reassured, a little too blunt, a little too harsh.
“It’s not that I’m worried about,” Katara said mournfully. “I trust Aang. I believe in him more
than anything. I know that when the time comes, he’ll pull through. But... I’m so scared of
what this battle will take from him. I've been thinking about last night, before he disappeared.
He was so determined not to kill Ozai, and none of us listened to him-.”
“Because it’s a ridiculous suggestion-.”
“Is it?” Katara asked, some of her usual fierceness returning as she stared imploringly at
Zuko. “Is it ridiculous for the Avatar, the symbol of balance and peace, to find a path to
victory that isn’t... isn’t violent, isn’t bloodstained? Is that so bad? Aang has lost so much –
his people, his culture – but if he could do this one thing... And if anyone could figure it out,
wouldn’t it be him? Why couldn’t we have just listened to him? Helped him?”
Zuko had been aware of the others gossiping and throwing knowing looks to one another
when it came to Katara and Aang. It was apparent even to Zuko that the pair had... something
going on. He'd known that Aang trailed after Katara like a lovesick puppy and he’d known
that Katara got all flustered and snappy whenever someone implied something between them,
but he’d never seen this side of it. Katara had gone from withdrawn and frightened to
passionate and determined in a matter of sentences, and it was because of Aang, of the belief
she had in him, the trust, the respect. Of course she loved him – everyone in the group
seemed to feel that for one another, even if Zuko was incredibly unaccustomed to such
displays – but it was different here, deeper. Aang and Katara represented everything the other
strived to be and filled each gap the other may have stumbled on.
Balance.
Unity.
Unsure what else to do in the face of Katara’s wide, searching gaze, Zuko reached over,
carefully squeezing her arm.
“He’s going to be okay,” he said quietly. “We’re going to find him. We won’t let him do this
alone. None of us are doing this alone. You guys taught me that, remember?”
Blue eyes became watery and Zuko panicked a moment, before Katara reached for his arm
too, almost a strange form of the Water Tribe handshake, and squeezed just as tightly. Her
smile was wobbly, small, but real, and there was that determination she was so known for.

“Thanks, Zuko,” she said.
He gave her a small smile back. “No problem.”
“You know,” Katara said, reaching to wipe her face a little with a sniff and a little laugh, “you
should talk to Sokka.”
Zuko's smile dropped. “What did he say to you?”
“Nothing.” Katara raised an eyebrow. “I don’t know what happened, but I can tell that
whatever it is, it’s between just you two. So don’t go wasting time hiding again. We need to
all be together as best we can when the comet comes. Whatever happened, whatever you’re
scared of, we... we can be bigger than it. We'll beat it together just like everything else.”
Zuko just stared at her a moment, before ducking his head, swallowing. He could only give
her a jerky nod, and thankfully, she didn’t push him for more than that.
----The bar Zuko took them to seemed so laughably at odds with the prince’s stiff, regal
demeanour that Sokka almost braved talking to him again just to tease the firebender on what
on earth he must have been getting up to in his free time at sea. The place was seedy, lit
dimly by candles and crowded with drunkards, various fights taking place in different
corners, glasses shattering, alcohol sloshing on the bar’s wooden walls. And there, right in
the centre of it all and evading her own bar fight with little effort, was the bounty hunter that
had attacked them with her weird, paralysing animal-tracker-rat-thing back when they were
staying with the nuns at the Abbey.
She raised a sharp eyebrow when she spotted their approach, zeroing in on Zuko.
“Oh great, it’s Prince Pouty,” she said. Sokka would normally have found that hilarious.
“Where’s your creepy grandpa?”
“I’m not travelling with him anymore,” Zuko said, lip already beginning to curl. “And he’s
my uncle.”
Nanook tried to interject before some sort of fight broke out. “Uh, miss? We need your help
finding the Avatar.”
She kept her unimpressed stare on Zuko. “You’re still on that?”
“This time is different.”
“That’s what they all say,” the woman huffed before finishing her drink and getting to her
feet. “Come on, Nyla’s outside.”
They found out quickly that Nyla was a shirshu, the only animal that could track someone’s
scent anywhere in the world, and the woman, June, had no delicacy when telling them that
not only was Aang somehow not anywhere in the world right now, not dead or alive – gone,
but that she also charged just for that little consultation, and wanted her payment now.

And Sokka had just been gearing up to join Nanook on what was becoming a pretty
impassioned row when he paused, noticing Zi Se off to the side of the group, tears in his eyes
and lip wobbling. Naturally, Zuko had spotted him too, and was just making his way towards
the kid when Zi Se bolted into the woods.
“Shit!” Zuko yelled, taking off after him.
Sokka moved without thinking, shouting back at the others. "You guys stay here and deal
with her!”
The forest was dark and eerie, shadows creeping around the moonlight that threw everything
into a ghostly silver, but Zuko wasn’t trying to be quiet, and it was easy to follow the
firebender’s crashing sprint.
“Zuko!” Sokka called. “Slow down!”
“I can’t see him!” Zuko sounded terrified, words coming out strangled, and suddenly, all
Sokka’s embarrassment and confusion and hurt fell away to the simple foundation of their
dynamic, the basis that began their truce – a want to help the other, to share burdens they’d
only ever carried alone before.
Sokka forced himself to still suddenly, listening instead of running blindly, and heard a
choked sob to his right. He stalked through the shrubbery as quietly and quickly as he could,
and there, knees tucked to his chest and hands in his hair beneath a large tree whose trunk
seemed to curl around him in an attempt at comfort, was Zi Se. He looked so small like that.
“Hey, buddy,” Sokka said carefully, taking a few steps closer when the kid didn’t run off
again. “Mind if I sit here?”
It took a moment before, timidly, a fist wiping at distraught amber eyes, Zi Se looked up at
him and nodded. Sokka sat close, wrapping an arm around the kid’s shoulders, both in
comfort and to make sure he could grab him if he tried to make a break for it again. Seriously,
what was in the air today? Were people just actively trying to stress him out? When this war
was over, Sokka was taking a long vacation.
“You scared Zuko half to death, Zi Se, what was that?” Sokka asked. “Can I call him over?
Preferably before he sets the forest on fire?”
Zi Se let out a shaky laugh, before nodding.
“Zuko! Over here!” Sokka called. Normally, the immediacy of the following branch-snapping
and loud footsteps headed their way would have been funny, but Sokka was trying not to be
intimately aware that him and Zuko were about to be as close and alone as they’d been all
day, with only a crying five-year-old as a buffer. Again, Sokka would like to reiterate: postwar, long vacation, spa retreat non-negotiable.
Zuko appeared before them ruffled and wide-eyed and so impossibly human, and Sokka’s
heart ached with the knowledge that he had touched, and he had burned, and he could not
have this. He had to accept that. He had to make that okay. He didn’t think he was strong

enough, brave enough, to let this vulnerability get trampled, and that alone was a humiliating
realisation. Sokka was usually so stubborn, so dogged in his pursuit of what he wanted, but
this... scared him. It felt bigger, realer, more painful than anything he’d felt before, and when
Zuko had thrown it back at him so meanly last night... Sokka couldn’t do that again.
“Are you okay?” Zuko asked, voice so soft as he came to kneel in front of Zi Se. So close.
“What was that? What's wrong?”
Zi Se let Zuko assess him with frantic hands, lip wobbling, before he let out a sob.
“I told him he was dead,” the little boy cried. “Yesterday, when we were playing, I said he
lost so he was dead, and he said he didn’t like it and I got mad, and now he’s gone. He's
gone! Not dead, or alive, but-... but gone! I don’t want him to be gone like we were. Lanse
never came back-!”
Zuko pulled Zi Se into a hug, the little boy’s head tucking familiarly under his chin as Zi Se
let himself sob against Zuko, and for a moment, when he forgot Sokka could see him, Zuko
looked stricken. Sokka himself had felt his stomach drop when Zi Se had mentioned Lanse,
and being gone, and what that meant to a five-year-old who still couldn’t comprehend losing
four months in a prison buried beneath the earth. Had Zi Se ever had a single normal
experience of absence? Every person who had ever left him had left him for good, except
Zuko, and even though Sokka didn’t quite know what he was talking about with Aang, it
sounded like the pair had had some sort of... disagreement, that happened to be pretty topical
to what Aang had blown up about last night. Had Zi Se been blaming himself all day? Did he
think that Aang was gone forever now, and the last thing Zi Se did was upset him?
“Aang’s coming back, Zi Se,” Sokka said, voice quiet but firm, not an ounce of doubt to him.
Zi Se turned a little in Zuko’s arms until he was sitting on the firebender’s lap, still tucked
beneath his chin but able to blink wet eyes Sokka’s way.
“He’s the Avatar,” Sokka continued. “He’s the coolest guy there is, and very soon, we're all
gonna help him end this whole war, and no one’s ever gonna be gone the way you two were
ever again.”
Zuko flinched.
“Why did he leave?” Zi Se asked. “Why did he have to go away if we’re all gonna win
together?”
Sokka chewed over his words a moment, feeling something raw and insecure trying to claw
its way out. He flicked a glance to Zuko and saw the firebender already staring at him, but
those golden eyes were no more than a flash of wonder before they immediately dropped
upon being noticed, and Sokka worked his jaw, a little spiteful.
“Sometimes,” he said coolly, “people insist on doing things alone even if they have help.
Aang thinks he needs to shoulder all of the world’s pain by himself, otherwise he feels like
he’s failed, but that’s silly, isn’t it?”
“That is silly,” Zi Se said. Zuko was glaring at the floor.

“So how does this sound?” Sokka gave the kid a bright grin, a mask he knew well. “When we
find Aang, and when the war is over, we’ll both give him a very stern, very boring lecture on
shared responsibility and saviour complexes, and we’ll make him do all the chores for a week
to apologise for making us worry.”
Zi Se let out a giggle then, a sound that instantly sanded down Zuko’s edges. “You can’t
make the Avatar do our chores.”
“Oh, I can and I will! I'll have him washing socks, and let me tell you, I wouldn’t wish
Chena’s socks on my worst enemy.”
Zi Se laughed properly, a full, loud thing, and Sokka’s smile came easier.
“Feel better?” Zuko asked, wiping the rest of the tears from the kid’s face and giving his hair
a gentle ruffle. It would never cease to amaze Sokka how natural Zuko took to Zi Se, the
softness that came so readily to his hands when they held the little boy like he was the most
precious thing in the world. Sokka forced himself to look away, suddenly unable to watch,
pretending to observe the forest around them.
“Alright, why don’t you head back to the others?” Zuko said when Zi Se nodded, pointing
through the trees. “See that light there? We're not far from the bar. You go ahead for me and
shout when you’re with them. We won’t be far behind.”
“Promise?”
“Promise.”
Sokka jerked his gaze back up, blue eyes widening with some nauseating mix of horror and
hope that he immediately hated himself for. He didn’t think it was even possible to be
rejected more plainly than how Zuko had pushed him away, so why was he still holding his
breath on this? Why did his heart begin to pound so heavily in his chest as Zi Se got to his
feet and walked back to the others, calling when he found them, that he was worried he
wouldn’t hear anything Zuko said over the rush of blood in his ears?
But as he watched Zuko, he saw the other boy pull himself together in real time, any softness
he reserved for Zi Se, that specific openness he reserved only for Sokka, closing off and
hardening to something indifferent. Awkward, but not in the way Sokka had become
endeared by.
Hope drowned in his chest beneath a fresh flood of mortification.
Zuko cleared his throat. “Listen, about last night-.”
“Can we just forget about it?” Sokka cut in, forcing the words to sound chipper, nonchalant,
and landing closer to strained. He just... couldn’t hear it said out loud. “I get it, man. It's fine.
It's not a big deal, so let’s just... move on?”
Zuko blinked at Sokka for a very long minute, like his words completely blindsided him, and
didn’t that just add salt to the wound? Spirits, had Zuko spent all day thinking of ways to let

Sokka down easy? Did he really think Sokka was this pathetic? Was Sokka this pathetic?
“Okay,” Zuko eventually said. He sounded so... small. Sokka almost asked what was up with
him – that was still normal, right? They could still be that for each other? – but Zuko just got
quickly to his feet. “Yeah, okay. Sure. Let's forget about it.”
And with that, he stomped off, leaving Sokka behind.
----“What do you mean, she’s coming with us to the White Lotus camp?”
Nanook dragged a hand down his face. “I mean just that. She's insisting we owe her at least
three silver pieces and she’ll just track us down regardless until we pay up.”
“But all she did was get her weird pet to sniff Aang’s glider and tell us he doesn’t exist!”
Tomkin stressed. “Which is the only reason we’re even going to the White Lotus camp
without Aang, that’s not helpful! That's the opposite of helpful!”
“Business is business,” June said, raising a saccharine shoulder, seemingly amused by the
group’s indignation, before pointing to Zuko as he emerged from the treeline. “And I know
His Highness and his uncle are good for it. So, when do we leave?”
Tomkin continued arguing, backed by an incensed Katara and extremely vocal Toph, which
was somewhat laughable, seeing as Toph generally had little idea about expenses and was
likely arguing for the sake of arguing, but Nanook’s attention was distracted watching Zuko
and Sokka return to the group. Zi Se seemed much more at ease after whatever that little
moment was, clearly having spoken it out with someone, and Nanook had hoped the boys
spending a little longer in the woods meant they had talked and finally sorted out this strange
rift between them, but as he watched them return, he knew that wasn’t the case. There was a
distance between them, both in the intentional physical gap they kept and also the stiffness
both of them held. Sokka looked somewhat stoic, like he’d made a decision and was
determined to see it through, but Zuko looked... not upset, because the prince never looked
upset the way most people did, never any tears or fragility, but something was definitely
wrong. His scowl was twisted with anxiety and guilt, and golden eyes immediately searched
for Tomkin and Nanook.
He held Nanook’s stare when he caught it, and Nanook tipped his head slightly, a silent
question. Zuko seemed to debate something rather fiercely for a bit, before steeling himself.
"Appa has flown all day, and we haven’t lost as much time as we thought we might,” he said
decisively. “I think we should set up camp for the night.”
“I agree,” Sokka said, not looking at Zuko. “If Appa gets enough rest, we could make it to the
camp as early as tomorrow evening. There's not much else we can do for Aang now. He'll
either meet us at the camp... or we’ll see him on the battlefield.”
The mood sombred quickly, but no one had any qualms with the plan. Nanook wished he had
some great wisdom to impart on the group, or a rousing one-liner to bring spirits up, but he

was just as lost as the rest of them.
He thought, though, if he was right about this, then he might at least be able to help Zuko.
They set a small camp up in a clearing they found in the woods, their tents around a small
fire, and Suki was handing some snacks out. At least June hadn’t tried to camp with them,
instead hinting that she’d lifted something of theirs and would use it to track them, leaving
with an ominous see you tomorrow. Katara was still seething, loudly, about the woman’s
cheek. Nanook was just worried the bounty hunter intended to sell on information about
where they were going.
He'd planned to wait for everyone to settle a little more before trying to talk to Zuko, and was
absolutely blindsided to notice the firebender making his way over before he even got the
chance. Nanook dug an elbow into Tomkin’s side, despairing when the other boy only looked
up with a complaint on his tongue that morphed into a clueless smile when he saw Zuko
coming over, like he wasn’t aware of anything going on around him at all ever. Nanook really
didn’t know what he’d expected.
“Can I sit here?” Zuko asked, pointing to the log Tomkin had proudly yanked over,
dramatically showing off his biceps once he’d positioned it by the fire. Nanook hadn’t had
the heart to bring up the fact the log was sodden and half-rotted.
“Course you can, buddy!” Tomkin chirped. They were on the opposite side of the fire from
everyone but Zi Se, who had of course come to sit wherever Zuko did, and with the
conversation getting louder on that side, Toph randomly beginning to applaud something
before being forcibly stopped by Suki, this was about as private as they could get without
walking off on a midnight stroll. Now was Nanook’s chance.
“You okay?” he asked, gaze searching. “I can tell something’s been bothering you.”
Zuko hunched his shoulders, frowning. “It’s nothing.”
“Clearly not if it’s bothering you,” Tomkin pointed out, throwing some tree nuts in his mouth
and only managing to catch half. Nanook pulled a face at his lack of seriousness, turning a
little to cut him off. Tomkin made a garbled ‘hey!’ noise around half-chewed food.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Nanook suggested. “Doesn’t matter if you don’t think it’s a
big deal. Tomkin complains about literally everything ever, so you’ll never have him beat for
mundane whinging.”
“Hey!” said louder, food fully chewed. Tomkin grabbed Nanook’s arm, trying to pull him
back so he could get back into the conversation, and when that didn’t work, he resolved for
stubbornly hooking his chin over Nanook’s shoulder, his front pressed entirely into Nanook’s
side.
“Get off, you’re heavy,” Nanook hissed, but didn’t actually make much effort to push him
away.

Their behaviour had tempted a small smile from Zuko, his rigidness falling somewhat, and
Nanook gave him a reassuring smile in return. Finally, the prince sighed, twisting his hands
in his lap, refusing to look up.
“I... need advice. Romantic advice.”
It was silent for a few moments. Nanook prayed to Tui and La and every other spirit he knew
to please, please make Tomkin realise the fragility of this conversation and not run his big
mouth, but Nanook’s prayers very often went unheard when it came to the other boy.
“Holy shit, it’s finally happening,” Tomkin whispered, before grinning, grabbing Nanook's
arm and proceeding to squeal like a child. “It’s happening, Nan!”
“Shut up, moron!” Nanook hissed, as quietly as he could, as if there was even a slight chance
that Zuko couldn’t hear them. “What do you need advice about, Zuko? We can get rid of
Tomkin if he’s being unhelpful.”
“Excuse you, I am an expert at dating.”
“Expert at getting rejected at every port you’ve been to, more like.”
“At least I wear my heart on my sleeve, Mister ‘I sneak off every couple weeks to spend a
night with someone and never give my best friend any details on it’.” Tomkin huffed. “It's
okay if you want to admit you just have no experience, Nan, I won’t judge.” He held up a
solemn hand, as if swearing a vow.
Nanook cuffed him over the head. “I don’t tell you because you would run your mouth and
tell the entire crew, you liability. Zuko, please continue.”
Zuko looked like he had been thoroughly convinced not to continue, but he either trusted
them enough not to snitch – or trusted Nanook’s ability to shut Tomkin up if he tried – or he
was desperate enough to take his chances, because he cleared his throat, speaking quietly. He
made it look like he was just trying to keep the words from reaching where Zi Se sat playing
with his trinket from the market at their feet, but Nanook suspected he was more paranoid
about the others hearing.
“So,” he said, abundantly awkward, “there’s this... person... And I thought they liked me, but
now I’m not so sure, and I...couldn’t be with them even if they did. So I should just forget
about it, right? It's stupid.”
“It’s not stupid,” Nanook said carefully. “Do you like them back?”
“It can’t happen-.”
“But do you?”
Zuko looked like an animal in a trap, eyes so wide, so scared, and Nanook felt his heart break
a little. He didn’t need any more answer than that.
“And you think they like you back, did they say something?”

A deep red flush suddenly filled Zuko’s cheeks, and he looked all around before leaning
closer to Tomkin and Nanook, who at this point were both hanging on every word.
“They, uh, kissed me,” Zuko said.
“Let’s fucking go!” Tomkin yelled, and immediately got shoved to the floor by Nanook and
kicked in the shin by Zuko, topped off with a stern glare from Zi Se.
“Language,” the little boy said, tone extremely disappointed. Nanook had to bite back a laugh
at Tomkin’s dazed expression.
“It’s not how it sounds,” Zuko was quick to minimise it, still blushing fiercely. “We... They
were completely off with me after that, and now... I don’t know. Nothing can come of it
anyway, so it shouldn’t matter, but I wish I knew what they were thinking. How can they
just... switch up like that? Did they not even want to try and make it work?”
Nanook had a big speech planned, about how frightening it could be to reveal your feelings,
how it was safer and tidier to just keep them locked inside, and that Zuko’s mystery crush –
who had to be Sokka, and Nanook was trying so hard not to grin giddily at the thought –
might just be spooked, or have felt rejected by whatever ghosts were clearly haunting Zuko
when it came to the topic of Sokka being a boy.
He didn’t get to say any of that, though, because Tomkin plopped himself back on the log
with a groan and said, completely casually, “Maybe you just suck at kissing, dude.”
“Tomkin, for fuck-.”
“Language!”
“Yes, okay! Thank you,” Nanook sighed, rubbing a hand down his face and contemplating
screaming into it.
“What? That's a good thing!” Tomkin cried out, reaching over to pat a very horrified looking
Zuko’s shoulder. “It means it’s salvageable. Just get out there and practise, or if you don’t
like the idea of strangers, you can try kissing me. I've been told I'm very, very good – I'll give
you tips.”
“What the fuck are you talking about?” Zuko snarled, shoving Tomkin’s hand from him.
“I’m-I’m not doing that!”
Nanook wanted to be angry with how badly Tomkin was handling what was supposed to be a
pretty delicate conversation, but he’d completely blanked the moment he’d, casual as
anything, offered to be kissing practise like it wasn’t a big deal. It was hardly revolutionary –
Tomkin had always been touchy with his friends, and it was one of those things that would
glance right off him – but Nanook felt physically stuck on it, vehemently against the idea.
“Moving on,” he said, words strangled. “I think the two of you need to talk, Zuko. There's
clearly been a misunderstanding.”

“I can’t just talk to them,” Zuko growled, crossing his arms angrily. “I told you, it can’t work
between us anyway.”
“Because she’s still in the Fire Nation and you’re here?” Tomkin asked.
Nanook frowned. “What?”
“What?” Zuko asked, before his eyes widened. He looked caught out. “Oh, Mai. Yeah.”
He went quiet then. Nanook prompted him a few more times, but it seemed the firebender
was done with the conversation, either spooked away by Tomkin’s assumptions or lost in his
own dark thoughts. Nanook wanted to bash his head against a hard surface at how much of a
catastrophic failure that had been. He settled instead for shoving Tomkin off the log again.
----Sokka watched Zuko go to the other side of the fire, and as soon as he deemed the other boy
to be out of sight, he whirled on Suki and Katara.
“I need help,” he said. “Now. Rapid. Life or death.”
He didn’t appreciate the lack of urgency in both their stares as they waited for him to explain.
“So.” Sokka said, gesturing both of his hands out as if setting a scene. “I may have... a crush.
On someone.”
“On Zuko?”
“Suki!” Sokka hissed, letting his head drop to his hands. “You’re not supposed to just blurt it
out.”
“Wait, seriously?” Katara asked, yanking Sokka up to face her by his wolf tail, which hurt a
lot, thank you. “You like Zuko? Zuko Zuko? Our Zuko? Prince of the Fire Nation? Since
when? Why? Romantically? Why?”
She dropped Sokka’s hair – appreciated – in favour of snapping her head around the fire to
stare directly at Zuko – not appreciated – as if he might have magically sprouted some bizarre
signage to give her insight on the situation.
“Don’t look, Katara, are you stupid?” Sokka whispered, smacking her arm to get her attention
away from the firebender in question. “It’s just... Okay, you can’t laugh at me if I tell you
this, promise?”
Slowly, some more begrudgingly than others, Katara and Suki both promised.
“I promise I will laugh at you,” Toph chimed in. “Seriously, this whole thing is hysterical.”
“When did you even join this conversation?” Sokka didn’t think his face could get any hotter.
“Just- Fine! Whatever!”

“Tell us what you were going to say, Sokka,” Suki said, smile kind, trying to keep the
conversation on topic to help him, because she was perfect and Sokka should have just stayed
in love with her and saved himself a whole world of grief.
“I kissed Zuko,” Sokka said quietly, a dead man’s last words. “Last night. On the beach.”
“Gross,” Katara said.
Toph pulled a face. “Agreed.”
“I think it’s sweet,” Suki said, throwing the girls a berating look. “Honestly, good for you,
Sokka. So what’s the problem? You two have been weird all day.”
The teasing air lifted abruptly, Sokka’s feelings of embarrassment and rejection returning to
the surface, and he sighed, tugging at the ends of his hair.
“He... I thought he maybe kissed me back, at first?” he said weakly. “But then he pushed me
away and went back to the house, and we haven’t spoken since.”
“He did what?” Katara hissed, looking suddenly like she was going to get to her feet. “Who
does he think he is? That snobby, no good, Fire Nation jerk-.”
Sokka looked at her in exasperation. “Katara, ten seconds ago you didn’t even want me to
like him.”
“That doesn’t give him the right to reject you!” she insisted. “You reject him!”
“How do you know he even rejected you?” Toph asked, lounging back like she couldn’t care
less about this one way or another.
Sokka frowned. “Um, what part of ‘he literally pushed me away’ isn’t clicking?”
“Yeah, but did he say anything?” Toph spoke slowly, like Sokka was being stupid. “Prickly
isn’t exactly famous for his grasp of emotional fluency. Maybe he panicked, or misinterpreted
the situation, or quite literally anything other than whatever stupid conclusions I’d wager you
both are jumping to right now.”
“I agree with Toph,” Suki said, before wincing a little. “Though I... probably wouldn’t have
worded it like that. I think it’s clear how highly Zuko thinks of you, Sokka. He likes you, at
least enough to have a mature conversation about this. He wouldn’t wilfully hurt your
feelings, even if there’s a chance the way he feels about you isn’t the same as you feel about
him. You guys need to talk. I thought you already did, earlier when you were in the forest
together?”
Sokka groaned, digging the butts of his palms into his eyes in frustration. “About that... He
sort of... started to talk, and I told him we should just forget about it?”
Katara snorted. Suki sighed in disappointment. Toph began to clap obnoxiously, which
briefly got the attention of Nanook, making Suki quickly reach over to grab Toph’s hands and
place them firmly back in her lap. The earthbender just cackled.

“Okay,” Suki said calmly. “Well, that’s not... great. But it’s salvageable!”
“I’m going to die alone,” Sokka despaired.
“You will with that attitude!” Katara berated. “I agree with Toph and Suki. Talk to him. Stop
whining and running away from it.”
Sokka gave the three girls a disparaging glare. “Thank you, guys. Really. Thanks so much.
Always a pleasure.”
Toph continued to cackle.
----“Do you know something?” Suki asked the next morning, slinking over with a bundle of
blankets and tarp under her arm to where Nanook was packing up the last of his tent. He
blinked at her a few times, still waking up, and in his silence, Suki rolled her eyes, before
throwing a purposeful look towards where Sokka and Zuko were setting up their respective
tents. Nanook's eyes widened.
“I might know something...” he said carefully. He wasn’t actually above gossip, even if he’d
always been smarter about it than Tomkin, but this was more delicate than debating a simple
crush between mutual friends. Zuko vehemently didn’t want anyone knowing who he liked,
and he still believed it to be a secret, but if Suki already knew... Which meant maybe Sokka
had told her something that she could tell Nanook and he could use it to help Zuko...
Suki arched an eyebrow. “I might know something too.”
“What do you know?”
“I can’t say if you don’t tell me what you know.”
“Well, I can’t tell you what I know.”
“I think I know what you know.”
“And I think I know what you know.”
“So we both know?” Suki confirmed.
Nanook narrowed his eyes. “We both know. What are you doing about it?”
“Honestly,” Suki huffed, “just what I can. They're hopeless.”
Relief filled Nanook at finally having a competent confidant, and he smiled. “You’re telling
me.”
-----

Azula would never normally have doubted her father’s battle plans, and even if she had, she
never would have dared sneak into his chambers to quickly read over the finalisations for the
day Sozin’s Comet arrived, but things were different now. She hated that Zuko had seen it so
clearly, had wrapped his fingers around still smarting skin and demanded of her tell me again
how nothing has changed, but on this one topic, he had been correct. Azula would call it a
lucky guess, refusing to give his intelligence the benefit of the doubt.
She had been right to snoop. Father was planning on separating from her to destroy the Earth
Kingdom by himself, leaving her behind to watch over the Fire Nation in his absence. An
important job, no doubt, but burning everything to the ground had been suggested by her
first. She had done everything right for years, and now, he was casting her aside like... like
Zuko.
She felt the rejection like claws around her throat, stifling, not yet strangling, more so the
threat of injury if she made even one more small mistake. She had been raised this way, that
silent threat hanging over her. A mother with fitful eyes who never hugged her. A father too
quick to anger. Azula learnt perfection before most children even learnt to walk, but these
past few weeks, everything around her felt like it was slipping. A landslide she could not will
into stillness. Her carefully manufactured control beginning to rattle with the force of an
outside storm that would, sooner or later, break.
And what would be left when it broke? It would take everything with it. She would have
nothing left. Mother, Zuko, Uncle, Lu Ten – they had all left her behind. All she had was
Father, and now, it seemed, even he had exhausted his use of her.
It was the middle of the night, but Azula found herself in the palace’s main corridor, looking
up at the royal portraits. It was an odd tradition she had come by, when sleep evaded her as it
so often did now. It did not bode well. She was beginning to get bags beneath her eyes. A
small imperfection in the smudge of that darkness. Unacceptable. A hairline crack. But if she
slept, she imagined assassins in her room, a knife to her throat, Father’s glowing eyes and
heartless call to action before the knife cut and all she knew was blood.
Azula was not frightened. Azula was perfect. She could handle all this.
Still, she stared up at Azulon’s portrait and thought of blue flames reflected in eyes the same
shade as hers, holding a fear she could not accommodate. A brother she never wanted.
He was the last to abandon her. She would never forgive him.
But alone entirely in the palace, without allies and facing a destiny larger than what fourteenyear-old hands could hold, Azula wondered distantly where Zuko was, and how he would
meet his end when they crossed paths again.
No one else was allowed to kill him. That, at least, Azula had always been certain of.
----There was an eight-year-old in Kanut’s infirmary and none of his moronic companions were
taking the horror of that reality seriously enough for his liking.

“What’s that do?” The Duke asked.
“It’s a surgery tool,” Kanut responded, in the same unimpressed deadpan he’d answered all of
the kid’s countless questions with for what felt like hours now.
“What about this?”
“Medicinal herbs.”
“And that?”
“Also medicinal herbs.”
The Duke stomped his foot, looking around in disappointment. “This is so boring! I thought
the infirmary would have blood everywhere and big knives and stuff!”
Kanut's eye twitched. “You are more than welcome to go and get grievously injured and
come back, if that would be more exciting.”
“Kanut!” Hakoda snapped, having been walking down the corridor but diverting to appear in
the doorway with a horrified expression. “He’s eight! You can’t say that to him!”
“Why is he in here?” Kanut stressed, gesturing at the kid like he was some bizarre creature –
which wasn’t entirely inaccurate. “We have a whole ship, why is he here? All morning,
Hakoda!”
Hakoda was doing a terrible job of trying not to laugh, but must have taken some pity on
Kanut, because he turned a friendly smile on The Duke.
“How about some air, kid? I can teach you the ropes up on deck if you want?”
“Nah,” The Duke said, turning back to Kanut’s perfectly ordered supplies and beginning to
root around. “I want to stay in here. Hey, Kanut, what’s this thing?”
Kanut pinched the bridge of his nose and prayed that, at the very least, in the next life he
might not have his infirmary invaded by stubborn children.

Chapter End Notes

nanook the real mvp of this chapter can someone please start paying him. that's my
daughter!!!!!
please let me know if u enjoyed this chapter, i really do see all your comments and they
really help to motivate me with getting updates out sooner even if i don't always respond
:) LOVE YOU MISSED YOU MERRY XMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR MWAH
MWAH xxxx

Chapter 46: ii. Meanwhile, On The Ullaakut (BONUS
CHAPTER)
Chapter Notes

ANOTHER taob update everyone say thank u mama also we are so fucking backkkkkkk
like okay what if in TWENTY TWENTY SIX we got an entire taob chapter of the swt
crew pissing about on a boat i know my herstory

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The warriors of the Southern Water Tribe were long accustomed to spending extended
periods of time aboard the Ullaakut, sailing various oceans between various ports, sometimes
spending months at a time with nothing but the endless water and one another’s inevitably
stifling company around them. The week or so that it would take them to reach the White
Lotus camp was, in comparison, practically nothing to the more seasoned sailors on board.
With hindsight, however, Kanut should have been prepared for the restlessness and boredom
that would very quickly arise in their latest and historically youngest crewmember – The
Duke.
The Duke’s first day at sea had seen the eight-year-old wonderous and excitable. He was
quick to let everyone know that it was not his first time sailing, but it was hard to tell for his
awe at every little thing. The second day was similar enough, with that excitement translating
to curiosity, wanting to know how any and everything worked. It was a very peaceful time in
Kanut’s memory, when The Duke had been utterly content doing knots with Hakoda for
hours at a time
As always, Kanut's peace was not to last. The Duke quickly grew bored, and it seemed to
finally hit the little boy that he was, in fact, stuck on this boat for the foreseeable future, and
apparently, to a child, a week was a very, very long time. He grew restless, irritable, his
curiosity suddenly too vast for the tribesmen to keep up with and thus invading each room
like a bad smell.
None of this should have affected Kanut. He was more than happy to do his jobs, check in
with the others, and read his books quietly in his infirmary, as he spent years doing before
everything got so strange. There was absolutely no earthly reason for The Duke to be in his
space, going through his things. Hakoda's pitiful attempt to coral the child somewhere else
had been a colossal failure, and the chief had since sent Kanut a shit-eating grin and
wandered off to go and pretend to be important elsewhere, leaving Kanut once again alone
with the ship’s newest menace. The Duke had sat himself on the floor now, pulling drawers
out of Kanut’s cabinet and inspecting each one’s contents with a laughable seriousness, in
that it would be laughable if this was happening in another room and to literally anyone else.
At the very least, The Duke had finally paused his ceaseless, asinine questions, and Kanut

attempted, as he had valiantly been trying to do even with the ongoing distraction, to
continue reading and pretending as if the boy wasn’t there. He probably should have
wondered what had caught The Duke’s interest so thoroughly. Really, anything that could
make the little boy go quiet for even a few moments consecutively should have at least
worried Kanut enough that he paid some attention.
He blamed that oversight on his frayed nerves, but really, he had no excuse for only noticing
the literal fucking bone saw by the time it was already in the kid’s hands, the blade alone the
size of The Duke’s torso but dwarfed by the sheer elation in the little boy’s grin.
Kanut's book dropped to the floor with the speed in which he sat up straight in the infirmary
cot, eyes wide and hands automatically rising, as if calming a wild animal, or surrendering.
“Hey, kid,” he tried calmly, “you should really put that down.”
It was an excellent blade, strong enough to amputate, a beautiful ivory handle – one of
Kanut’s favourites out of his trusty surgical set that he always kept sharpened for
emergencies. The blade seemed to wink at him in the afternoon sun coming in from the
window, held cluelessly in soft, young hands. Spirits, Hakoda would kill him if he saw The
Duke with a bone saw.
“What? Why?” The Duke asked, immediately indignant and, if anything, holding the blade
tighter like he thought Kanut might snatch it off him. “I like this one, it looks super cool! Can
I keep it?”
“No, you absolutely can’t,” Kanut said, strangled. “Put it down.”
This, apparently, was not the right thing to say. The only warning Kanut got was The Duke’s
face pinching up in frustration at being told no, and then the telltale twist of his position
before the little boy darted out of the infirmary at a full sprint, bone saw still very much in
hand.
Kanut jumped to his feet in horror. “Duke!”
“It’s The Duke!” the kid yelled from the hallway as he made a break for it. “And this is
mine!”
----Chena didn’t like the Fire Nation trio. He didn’t like having them on the Ullaakut. He didn’t
like living in such close proximity to them. He'd felt the same at the Western Air Temple, but
at least that had felt like somewhat neutral territory. Things were different on the Ullaakut,
confined to such a small space, and it made Chena antsy. He knew for a fact that at least one
of the trio was a firebender – Chit Sang, an incredibly large man with cropped hair and a dim,
unintelligent stare. He didn’t seem to be overly smart or observant, none of the trio did,
happy to spend their days within their own circle and not bothering with the tribesmen, but he
cut an intimidating figure, and Chena didn’t fucking like it.

He wasn’t really sure how that general dislike and an innate need to start a fight with the
biggest opponent in sight had translated to this, but he wasn’t complaining, because Chena
was currently locked into an arm-wrestling competition with Chit Sang, and he was not going
to fucking lose.
“You look like you’re struggling,” Chena taunted with a determined sneer.
Chit Sang had broken into a slight sweat, his arm trembling with the strain of Chena pushing
against him, but he didn’t break. Stubborn shits, the lot of them.
“Come on, Chena!” Aput urged. “Show him what we’re made of!”
Aput was stood to the side of the barrel Chena and Chit Sang were currently wrestling on,
with Chit Sang’s companions beside him giving their own heckles. Knowing Aput, he’d
probably already made a bet with one or both of the pair.
“Not gonna lose to the Fire Nation, are you?” Aput continued.
“I’d rather lose this arm than lose to them,” Chena hissed, annoyed that he was even falling
for the stupid baiting, but bared his teeth all the same as he redoubled his efforts. He managed
to push Chit Sang’s arm down a little from the stalemate they’d been stuck in for a while
now, and he felt a rush of satisfaction at the way it made the other man’s eyes widen a
fraction, fingers gripping tighter around Chena’s hand.
“You know,” Chena sneered. “I expected a little more from you. I mean, max security, Fire
Nation prisoner? I was hoping for a real challenge. This,” he shoved with all his might, “is a
fucking joke.”
Chit Sang’s arm slammed to the barrel with a painful thud, causing his girlfriend to gasp in
concern, while his friend and Aput both lamented and celebrated from their respective
corners. Loudly. With Aput slapping a hand to the Fire Nation man’s back and almost making
him stumble over. Chit Sang himself began to curse, arm recoiling to his chest while he
rubbed at his hand with a wince, but he gave Chena a small – albeit bitter – grin.
“It was a decent match,” he conceded. “You got a crazy arm on you.”
“Don’t tell him that,” Aput said, counting through his winnings. “He’ll start flexing his
muscles and then I’ll have to push him overboard.”
Chena gave his friend a wolfish grin, dedicatedly flexing his arm in response. Aput pretended
to gag and started some trivial conversation with the Fire Nation duo whose pockets he’d
probably just gambled empty, and before he could join in or continue teasing Aput, Chena
noticed an unsettling quietness to Chit Sang. The large firebender stood slightly to the side of
the group, staring out at the ocean with a troubled expression.
Chena, always far quicker to act than he was to think, came to stand beside him.
“You’re not sulking just ‘cause you lost, right?” he asked, already pissed off at the thought.
Fire Nation takes everything they want from the whole fucking world, and one firebender

can’t handle losing a stupid game to a tribesman? It was a joke, and not a funny one.
“Nah,” Chit Sang said, a little amused but still distant. “I kinda knew I wasn’t winning that.
I’m just bad at saying no to a fight, you know?”
Chena did know, but he wasn’t about to admit to sharing similarities with this man. He glared
at him instead, unsure what Chit Sang’s goal was with this conversation but already
convinced he couldn’t give less of a shit.
“It’s just... what you said earlier? The max security, Fire Nation prisoner thing?” Chit Sang
said, a frown pulling at his features. “That’s not... That’s not me. It ain’t any of us. I gave up
trying to convince people inside, but I hoped it’d be different here.”
Chena cursed his own curiosity for even asking, “What are you talking about?”
“Me, Yuna and Yasu knew each other before the Boiling Rock,” Chit Sang said, throwing a
fond glance to his girlfriend and best friend, who were now accusing Aput of cheating. “We
were from the same village, lived on the same street, went to school together, and when the
draft came, we got conscripted together too.”
Chena had known, as some distant fact, that conscription had been around in the Fire Nation
for longer than even his lifetime. A hundred years of war, and even the ashmakers began
running out of bodies to burn. He'd had a few skirmishes with Fire Nation soldiers who had
been... young. Inexperienced. Frightened. It hadn’t stopped them from trying to kill him, nor
he them, but it was one of the smaller cruelties of this war that he had known about and
brushed off. He wasn’t Tulok – he wouldn’t agonise about every evil thing they’d
encountered since leaving home. He'd never be able to get up in the morning if he did, and
his tribe needed him to be strong. He was their best fighter, bloody-minded and aggressive to
the point of idiocy, and they needed him like that. It's always easier to follow someone into a
massacre than it is to start one.
He'd never considered how the Fire Nation felt. Even the ones who got conscripted, he’d
heard them spouting shit about dying for their nation, the honour of their sacrifice, the glory
of the Fire Lord. They could be scared of death and still run towards it at full speed, because
to them, it was better to be slaughtered than it was to let savages live in peace. Fuck, the only
reason Chena even considered that not all firebenders were inherently evil was because of
Zuko, and even then, it was not a conclusion he’d welcomed.
But Chit Sang looked... angry. An old anger, long beaten down like nothing had ever come of
it, desensitised to his own suffering, but it was there, and for the first time, Chena wondered
if there had been pushback against the draft over the years, if not all of the Fire Nation’s
citizens were willing to die for such a violent ideology.
“I never wanted to join the army,” Chit Sang said, looking back out at the ocean. He flexed
his hand. “But that doesn’t mean anything back home, and the commanding officer for the
soldiers drafted from my village was a real bastard, so that was that. Only sixteen, we were.
They took the four of us and I ain’t been home since.”

Every instinct within him told Chena to leave this conversation be, that he didn’t give a fuck
about some Fire Nation sob story, that it was good her own citizens were suffering for her
tyranny and not just Chena’s people, who had suffered so much more than them. A year ago,
he’d have started a fight with Chit Sang. A year ago, Chena would have told him to shut the
fuck up and go find some bleeding heart who actually cared about the poor, sad ashmaker.
Things had been a lot simpler a year ago.
“Four?” Chena asked, voice a low grumble, annoyed with himself.
Chit Sang blinked, lost in thought. “Huh?”
“You, your friend and your missus joined the army, right?” Chena huffed. “But just now, you
said they took the four of you. Who’s the fourth?”
Chit Sang’s entire expression seemed to collapse in on itself with such sudden anguish that
Chena reared back a moment, stunned, even as Chit Sang tried to give a wobbly smile.
“My sister,” he said quietly. “We were twins, but she was always the nice one. Not built for
war. A couple years into service, we were travelling with a division of new recruits, and she
overheard that they were getting sent out against the earthbenders, even though they’d barely
completed basic training. We knew the top brass meant for them to be massacred – we'd
heard of it being done before, a diversion tactic for the more experienced soldiers to come in
while the enemy’s distracted. But my sister couldn’t bear it. She warned the new recruits, and
it was chaos after that. I don’t know how many of those kids they killed right then and there
before it went quiet again.
“After that, they court-martialled her, and she was executed the next morning. Me, Yuna and
Yasu had this hairbrained plan to run away with her the night before, but we got caught by
our commanding officer, and I just... lost it, you know? I've never been so scared, thinking I
was gonna lose all three of them. I punched him and he fell, hit his head, died straight away.
Rotten luck. My sister was dead the next day all the same, and we went down for mutiny and
the murder of our commanding officer. Life sentence in the Boiling Rock. No trial. No
chance for parole. No opportunity to even write to our families, let alone see them again.”
Chit Sang shrugged, like it was a tale as old as time, but he gripped the ship’s rail so hard that
his knuckles glistened white in the afternoon sun, that anger Chena had heard before still
toiling beneath his words. Chit Sang looked around Chena’s age. If he’d been locked up only
a few years into military service after being conscripted at sixteen, then he’d spent decades in
prison already, with the unjustness of his punishment going unacknowledged all that time, his
grief written off as treason. They'd called him a liar, a murderer, and Spirits only knew what
they had to say about his sister, who he clearly still missed more than anything, mouth
twisted to the side like his own guilt wanted to retch from his throat.
“The Fire Nation takes anyone who dares to tarnish her and throws them away to rot. Been
that way for as long as I've known it.” Chit Sang looked over at him suddenly, dulled copper
eyes long since losing their nerve, but refusing to blink. “I got no loyalty to my nation,
Chena. I'll be glad if you guys win. Shit, if the Avatar kills the Fire Lord, I’ll be right at the
front of the crowd cheering him for it afterwards.”

Chena didn’t know what to say. It was quiet between them for a few moments but for the
churning ocean beneath them, and then, slowly, Chena gave the other man a sharp grin, all
teeth, clapping a hand roughly to his shoulder hard enough he blinked, shocked from his
thoughts.
“Finally,” Chena said, “we can agree on something after all.”
Chit Sang barked out a laugh, and Chena found himself laughing with him. He told himself it
was just because he was so unsettled by the sudden heart-to-heart – never let it be known that
Chena was one for mushy feelings – but it was hard to ignore Chit Sang’s story, the way it
rooted into his thoughts. It wasn’t pity that he felt, and maybe that was something to be
ashamed of, but it did give him hope. Hope that, when they took this fight to the Fire Lord, it
wouldn’t be an indomitable wall of violence they were up against. Hope that, perhaps, there
were already cracks in the foundations of the Fire Lord’s forces.
Chena thought about that monster’s son, burned and angry and fighting the whole world not
because he thought he could win but because he knew no one else was coming to save him,
and how raw that had felt to watch, how familiar, how much Chena had wanted to ignore the
fact that, despite everything, Zuko was kind, and he was scared, and he was a child.
Cracks in the foundations. Chena would live to see the day Fire Lord Ozai fucking kneeled.
His musings, forever taking violent turns, were interrupted by a sudden explosion of activity
to his right, and Chena turned around to see The Duke sprinting up the stairs and onto the
deck, being chased by Kanut, who Chena was certain he’d never seen run before for
anything. The little boy held a large saw in his hand.
“What the fuck?” Chena said.
“Grab him!” Kanut yelled, voice strained.
The Duke darted around the mainmast before turning to face the group of now six adults all
looking at him with varying expressions of horror and alarm.
“He has a saw,” said Yasu.
Yuna nodded. “Why does he have a saw?”
“Is it normal for him to have a saw?” said Chit Sang.
“He’s eight-years-old,” Aput hissed, glaring at the firebender. “Why would it be normal for
him to have a saw?”
Chena scratched at his chin. “I dunno, it’s always good to start ‘em young.”
“Can you guys shut up and help?” Kanut snarled, eyes on the kid who looked like he was
seriously considering his escape options, grip pointedly tight on what Chena recognised as
Kanut’s bone saw. The blade glinted in the sun, wickedly sharp. Discomfort tugged at Chena,
the severity of the situation beginning to realise itself.

“The chief's gonna kill you for giving him a weapon,” Chena pointed out, and the healer
whirled on him, eyes widening.
“I did not fucking give it to him!”
Aput snorted. “Tell Hakoda that if the kid hurts himself. Hey, The Duke?” he raised his voice
a little for the boy to hear. “You wanna come give us that saw? It's dangerous, you shouldn’t
be playing with it.”
“Do you really think telling an eight-year-old boy that the cool weapon he found is
dangerous will convince him to give it up?” Chena grumbled, and sure enough, The Duke
seemed to have refocused his attention on the saw, eyes sparkling.
Aput glared at Chena. “Well, what’s your genius idea, wise guy?”
“Oi!” Chena yelled, turning to the little kid, who jumped at the sudden volume. “Give us it
back or I’ll throw you overboard!”
Aput groaned into his hands. Kanut looked at Chena like he’d grown a second head. The Fire
Nation trio, generally, looked very confused by everything going on. And The Duke seemed
even more resolved to stay far, far away from the adults, pointing the blade out at them as he
backed away towards the bowsprit.
Well, Chena thought, shit.
----“We’re coming into the Mo Ce Sea. We wasted almost all of yesterday in irons, but the wind
direction turned in the night, putting us in a better position to sail with the north wind.” Tulok
illustrated their position on the large map spread over Hakoda’s desk, brow furrowed.
“Assuming we keep this speed, we should arrive at the camp in the next three or four days.
We've made better time than we thought we would, even with yesterday’s setback.”
“That’s good,” Hakoda said. “Thank you, Tulok. It’s a relief to know we’ll be seeing all the
men again soon.”
“It is.” Tulok nodded with an indulgent smile, eyes trailing down the map to look longingly at
the South Pole. “Hanta ought to have letters from my sister, it’ll be nice to know how Miki is
doing.”
Hanta was one of the men waiting for them at the White Lotus camp and Tulok’s brother-inlaw, father of the baby everyone but Bato had been able to meet when they travelled south
with the Fire Prince a few months ago. He tried not to be bitter – Tui and La knew he
couldn’t beat Hanta’s own bitterness when he found out Miki’s uncle had met her before her
own father had, getting Tulok in a headlock when they last reunited at Chameleon Bay – but
a baby was a wondrous thing, and it meant a lot for their tribe.
Besides, “Hanta still owes me money,” Bato huffed, crossing his arms.

Tulok rolled his eyes. “Would you stop saying that? Hanta hates gambling, and even if he had
agreed to that stupid bet, which he didn’t, that was with Aput.”
“It was not!” Bato gasped. “He’s lying to you, Tulok. He’s getting in your head, don’t let
him.”
Tulok looked remarkably unimpressed.
Hakoda chuckled, clapping a hand to Bato’s shoulder. “I think Bato is just confused. You
know, what is Aput’s is not yours... yet.”
Bato shoved his friend off him. “I have no idea what you mean,” he hissed, hating how
flustered he suddenly sounded. Hakoda guffawed, head tipped back with it, and Tulok
laughed along with him, even if he looked a little confused – thank the Spirits. Bato did not
need anything being said to Aput, and Tulok was one of the man’s closest friends. Not that
there was anything to be said to Aput, of course. Just Hakoda and Kanut’s stupid running
joke that had absolutely no basis.
“Why don’t we get back to our work? Right, chief?” Bato stressed, glaring at Hakoda, who
was trying and failing to pull himself together. Bato cleared his throat and forced the
conversation forward. “Where are we at with strategy ideas? I know there’s not much we can
do until we get to the camp and see what our numbers are looking like and what kind of
benders the Dragon of the West might have been able to recruit, but I think Hakoda was right
about a visible victory.”
“Will it not be enough just to defeat the Fire Lord?” Tulok asked, the seriousness of such a
task sucking the last of the humour from the room. Bato only felt a little bad for it; after all,
this was something they needed to keep discussing for as long as they still had time to plan.
“The defeat of Fire Lord Ozai will be, in itself, massively symbolic,” Hakoda concurred with
a firm nod, “but that is the Avatar’s fight. I have faith in him, but he’ll need our help. If we
can weaken the Fire Nation at her very foundations – invade their streets, take over their
strongholds, neutralise their main points of defence – then it lessens the load put on the
Avatar and puts us in a better position if he... fails.”
“Which he won’t,” Tulok said, overly optimistic.
Bato didn’t say anything, but he and Hakoda shared a loaded glance, both far too strategic
and far too war weary. Truth be told, neither of them liked the idea of the battle hinging on a
twelve-year-old, Avatar or not, and when they were all gathered at the White Lotus camp
with a better idea of their resources and numbers, Bato knew Hakoda would start preparing
countermeasures, but for now, it didn’t do well to dissuade the men. Believing in the Avatar
was to believe in something bigger than all of them, a grand, Spirits-blessed miracle, and for
some of them, who had only known fire and agony and war, the only thing they could believe
in now was miracles.
Hakoda steeled himself, giving Tulok a rallying grin. “We will not fail. The Avatar has us to
help him just as much as we have him to help us. We've fought this whole war as a tribe, and
we will win it that way, and I don’t know any warriors braver or more worthy.” Blue eyes

landed heavily on both Bato and Tulok, as if seeing all of their doubts and refusing to be
dissuaded by them. “It will be an honour to fight with you all, one last time.”
Tulok gave the chief a wobbly smile in response, nodding in determination. Hakoda had
always been good like this, inspiring the warriors with no more than the sheer authenticity of
his faith in them, and normally, Bato would build off of it, catch morale in the wave of the
chief’s words and let it swell around them until everyone was laughing and cheering and
made brave by it all, but movement on the deck caught his eye, and he turned to look out of
the window taking up a large portion of the cabin’s far wall.
He snorted. “What was it you were saying about not knowing any warriors more worthy than
us?”
Hakoda frowned, both him and Tulok coming to the window to see what Bato was talking
about.
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Hakoda said.
Tulok looked very suddenly despairing. “Why does this keep happening?”
Down on the deck, Bato watched as Aput, Chena and Kanut, all with varying expressions of
panic on their faces, tried to convince The Duke to get away from the bowsprit, the little boy
wielding a large blade with a ferocious expression as he made to clamber up onto the wooden
pole, much to the yells of horror from the tribesmen. Hakoda didn’t wait around to see if the
kid would fall overboard, immediately running from the room, followed by Tulok.
Bato shook his head, cursing beneath his breath, before joining his friends outside.
----Seeing a scared little boy push himself back onto the bowsprit while the ocean churned
mercilessly far below was a disturbingly familiar sight for Hakoda, and he had to agree with
Tulok’s sentiment, because there was no way this was a common enough occurrence to have
happened to him twice in one year. He steeled himself as soon as he was on the deck, forcing
a calm demeanour and striding forward. The Fire Nation trio – Chit Sang, Yuna and Yasu –
were stood to the side by the ship railing, watching the proceedings with mixed looks of
concern and confusion. Hakoda gave them a stern nod that he hoped conveyed I-am-incharge-and-have-this-under-control.
“What’s going on?” he hissed as soon as he reached his men, coming to stand between Kanut
and Chena. “Why does he have a bone saw? Kanut?”
The healer kept his eyes on where The Duke clung to the bowsprit, remarkably sure-footed
for an eight-year-old – Hakoda had to remind himself the boy had spent years living in the
trees with his Freedom Fighters – but his tone was accusing enough that Hakoda knew he’d
rather be turning a poisonous glare his way.
“He was going through my things,” Kanut snarled. “Remember, like he was when you
ditched me with him? I told you to get him out of the infirmary!”

“Oh, this is my fault?” Hakoda hissed.
“Well, you could have prevented it!”
“Chief, what do we do?” Aput asked. “He just moves further away every time we try and get
closer.”
Hakoda frowned. “Have you tried talking him down?”
He was met with a guilty silence that he presumed meant that someone, probably Chena, had
tried talking The Duke down and had likely made everything significantly worse as a result.
Hakoda sighed.
“Okay,” he said. “Everyone back off, he’s probably scared because he’s being cornered by all
of us. Let me try and talk to him alone.”
No one seemed eager to argue, grown warriors practically fleeing in the face of a child’s
tantrum, Kanut in particular immediately stomping off to the infirmary while muttering
something unseemly beneath his breath, and then, it was just Hakoda meeting The Duke’s
surly glare. There was something to be said, he thought, about his biggest concern the last
time this happened being the flammability of the sails, attached to the bowsprit by the
forestays. He was no more in danger of the Ullaakut being sank now than he had been then,
not that he knew it at the time, staring down a firebender and seeing only destruction in
young hands. They'd been so frightened of each other.
But patience went a long way, Hakoda knew, and compassion. He gave The Duke a soft
smile, relaxing his posture.
“Do you want to tell me why you’re upset, kid?” he asked.
The Duke glared at him, clutching the bone saw to his chest. “I’m not upset! This is mine! I
got it first! The Freedom Fighters let me play with sharp things all the time!”
As a parent, Hakoda had several thoughts about the group of armed children that had called
themselves the Freedom Fighters, but giving that lecture now was probably ill-timed, so he
swallowed it back and kept his expression understanding.
“I see,” he said. “It’s probably frustrating you now that the rules are different here, is that
right?”
The Duke looked considering for a moment, like he hadn’t expected Hakoda to actually try
and understand his point of view. He narrowed his eyes.
“I don’t like being condescended,” the little kid said, the big word clumsy on his tongue, like
he’d heard it said only a handful of times and had never actually repeated it himself until
now. It was a little bit adorable, and reminded Hakoda of Sokka when he’d been this age, his
mind far smarter than his mouth.
“There’s no one like me here,” The Duke continued quietly, lower lip protruding. “I miss
Pipsqueak.”

“I know everyone’s a lot older than you here,” Hakoda conceded, taking a careful step closer.
“But you get on well with Teo, don’t you? Where is he right now?”
The Duke huffed. “He’s always tinkering with any bits of metal he finds, which is sometimes
cool, but sometimes it’s so boring! I want to play but all he wants to do is sit downstairs with
his tools.”
Hakoda made a point of humming exaggeratedly. “That is frustrating.”
“It is!” The Duke said, scooting a little closer along the bowsprit, feet now dangling above
the deck. Hakoda relaxed fractionally, no longer concerned about the little boy falling into the
water, but he still wanted to get that bone saw far out of his hands.
“Okay, how’s this sound?” Hakoda said. “If you come down and give me that saw, I’ll find
you a different blade, and we can spar for a bit?”
The Duke looked sceptical. “Spar? Like, you’ll teach me some moves?”
“Sure will, kid. Truth be told,” Hakoda lowered his voice like he was telling a secret, “that
bone saw you’ve got now belongs to Kanut, and it means a lot to him. He’ll be really sad if
he doesn’t get it back.”
The Duke looked a little guilty then, and finally, he shuffled the rest of the way along the
bowsprit, hopping down onto the deck. He gave the bone saw one last admiring look, before
huffing, and handing it over to Hakoda. Hakoda kept his relief hidden, but he was quick to
get the blade out of the eight-year-old's hands, giving him a happy grin at his decision.
“Thank you, The Duke,” he said. “Now, let’s go find you a blade of your own, how does that
sound?”
“Okay!” The Duke grinned, any regrets he had about losing his bone saw immediately being
forgotten upon being offered a new blade that could be all his, and if Hakoda purposely gave
the kid a dagger that hadn’t been sharpened in years, blunt enough that it took a lot of
pressure directly against the blade to even cut skin, then The Duke didn’t seem any the wiser,
laughing brightly on deck as Hakoda taught him some basic manoeuvres with it.
-----“Three silver pieces says the brat accidentally stabs Hakoda and we have to go get Kanut,”
Aput said, watching the chief spar with purposely slow, delicate movements against the eightyear-old who had caused them so much stress earlier in the day.
Bato huffed out a laugh beside him. “You have a gambling addiction. Seriously, you need
help.”
“So you’re not taking the bet?” Aput gave him a wolfish smile, knocking their shoulders
together. Bato seemed to stutter a moment, like a bright light had caught his eye and he was
trying to regather his bearings.

“Fuck it,” he eventually grumbled, “fine. It's a stupid bet, Hakoda’s not gonna get caught out
by an eight-year-old. You're on.”
Later, with the sun setting on their port side, the conversation Bato and Aput had been having
was interrupted by a surprised yell, and they looked over to see their chief with a knee to the
deck and blood slowly spreading from his thigh. The Duke stood guiltily in front of him, the
dagger in his hand now stained red.
For a moment, it was silent, Bato and Aput sharing a disbelieving stare, before chaos broke
out. Hakoda immediately shoved to his feet, a little unsteady, trying to cover the wound with
a large hand and forcing a reassuring smile, but The Duke had already burst into tears,
throwing his dagger to the floor like it had burned him and profusely apologising through his
loud sobs.
“I’ll get Kanut,” Bato sighed.
Aput cackled. “He’s gonna be so pissed.”

Chapter End Notes

re ch45's author's notes looks like we got another chapter in the new year after all :) taob
will NEVER be abandoned!!!

Works inspired by this one
Smokin' Moment by volant_endeavor
[Restricted Work] by Anonymous
Ain't it warmin' you, the world goin' up in flames? by RenMuffins
If I Knew The Color of Your Eyes by boomerangsandadora
Happiness is Not a Place by sokkattome
Like Father, Like Son... Like hella! by sokkattome
[Restricted Work] by Ph03n1xR151ng
Autophagic Azure Flames by jalfal64
Lee's Beautiful Voice by novaauster
The days just keep getting stranger don't they? by BenTheBard
the art of burning (dumb bitch version) by oliveoilcafe
is this to end or just begin? by verdanthoney
Dark by daydreamer0083
[Restricted Work] by TheRamAndHisOwn
[Restricted Work] by bethacaciakay
taob one-shots by hella1975
[Restricted Work] by bethacaciakay
[Restricted Work] by ccccchar
Orange Juice by novaauster
[PODFIC] The Art of Burning by septembersoffspring (10september)
Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

