The Trickster and the Grand Order
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/41012853.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Categories:
Fandoms:
Relationships:
Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Series:
Stats:

Teen And Up Audiences
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
F/M, F/F, Multi
Persona 5, Fate/Grand Order, Fate/stay night & Related Fandoms
Amamiya Ren & Morgana (Persona Series), Romani Archaman & Mash
Kyrielight | Shielder, Romani Archaman & Leonardo Da Vinci | Caster
Mash Kyrielight | Shielder, Amamiya Ren (Persona Series), Romani
Archaman, Morgana (Persona Series), Arsene (Persona Series), Zorro
(Persona Series), Igor (Persona Series), Cú Chulainn | Caster, Lavenza
(Persona Series), Olga Marie Animusphere, Lev Lainur Flauros, Rider
(Fate), Akechi Goro, Artoria Pendragon | Saber, Jeanne d'Arc | Ruler,
Leonardo da Vinci | Caster, Heroic Spirit EMIYA | Archer, Cú Chulainn |
Lancer, Fujimaru Ritsuka, Female Fujimaru Ritsuka
Crossover, Fluff and Angst, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD,
Flashbacks, Action/Adventure, Introspection, Experienced Ren
Amamiya, My First Fanfic, Mage Ren Amamiya, Master Ren Amamiya,
Ren being a charmer. Again., Olga Marie Animusphere Lives, Slice of
Life, Persona 5: The Royal Spoilers, Royal True Ending (Persona 5), no
plan, flying by the seat of my pants here, ren needs a hug, Morgana needs
a hug too, I want to die but my betas will drag me out of Hell if I do, so
will the gremlin, Everyone in my discord likes to bully me too much
please help me
English
Part 1 of Persona 5 / Fate
Published: 2022-08-14 Updated: 2026-08-27 Words: 969,726 Chapters:
123/?

The Trickster and the Grand Order
by Bobithica, Kenjichan251
Summary

People of power taken down. A false god shot. A fake paradise eradicated. One would think
that for Ren Amamiya, leader of the Phantom Thieves, his adventures were over. However, a
blood donation would turn his life upside down as he takes an offer from the Chaldea
Security Organization - and once more fight for the fate of humanity.

Notes

Hey everyone! This is my first ever fanfic so I honestly have no idea what the heck I'm
doing. It's kind of a spur of the moment thing admittedly so we'll see how it goes. Reviews
and constructive criticism go a long way so leave those too! Hope you guys enjoy!

Chapter 1: Chaldea
Chapter Summary

A new adventure begins.

Chapter Notes

Special Note: If you're noticing consistency issues between this first chapter and
anything that comes after, be it writing quality or story/lore details, this is because I am
currently doing a rewrite of my earlier chapters (as of writing 2 years later). In the
meantime, I hope you enjoy this updated first ever chapter of The Trickster and the
Grand Order!

Far beyond the reaches of knowledge, beyond the reach of humanity, in a place where only
their most distant dreams can brush against his realm, he watched and observed. Humanity
had always been fascinating. They were complicated yet fascinating, full of similarities yet
contradictions, full of wisdom yet foolish. They would walk forward, stumble, fall, or throw
themselves to the ground, only to get up once more and keep walking, for good or ill. Thus,
he loved them dearly and observed the paths they took.
His counterpart did much the same, albeit for different reasons. While he took delight in them
standing and moving forward, his counterpart in turn took delight in them stumbling and
falling. In fact, sometimes they instigated with a small push of their own – and sometimes
more. But these days, they both preferred to simply watch and allow their agents to move for
them and see what course humanity would take of their own will.
Their sight, however, stretched beyond the perception of normal humans. The past, present,
and the future all lie within his view. And he saw a future: A future of fire. A future of demons.
And also, a future of greatness, of humanity’s strength gathering into a shining star as it
reached for it all. Infinitely warm, infinitely greedy, infinitely powerful. It would be a grand
trial with an enormous risk, but it would pave the way for humanity’s next step forward.
Thus, he and his counterpart met. They discussed – in both words and concepts – what they
had seen and what they would do. They could leave it to their agents, but there had to be a
small nudge toward that future. One that could grasp both the good and evil, one who was
just as greedy as all of humanity and generous in equal measure. Candidates were
considered, eliminated, narrowed, and finally, focused on one: A candidate that intrigued
them both. They would watch his progress eagerly and see if he would take and embrace
everything – or fall to utter oblivion.

Opening his hand, a small butterfly made of light coalesced and formed in his palm.
Unbidden yet laden with his will, it fluttered off into the endless darkness of the Sea. Delicate
yet unyielding, it would find the pieces to move into place, and once that was one, the great
trial would begin.
His lips curled into a small, amused smile. What was that one saying humanity thought up
some time ago? ‘The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world’.
What a delightful line – one that had been proven time and time again.
The opportunity to prove it yet again has come.
The blue, sterile hallways of the Chaldea Security Organization were filled with noise as
people walked by, chattering among themselves as they moved in a single direction.
Occasionally, they had to move aside to allow the automated assistants through, with a few
cursing them as they went by. The air was filled with nervous anticipation – after all, it was
the commencement of the very first mission of their work. The staff had been here for months
if not years, constantly researching, engineering, refining, and maintaining the systems and
equipment here, and now it was time to display the fruits of their work. It would be a lifetime
achievement for all of them, and it would be a new beginning for all of them.
And not amidst them was a very lost young man.
Ren Amamiya pulled a bit at the collar of his white uniform that he had been given as
standard issue for his job as he tried to look around for any signs or maps. He had taken a bit
too long putting his luggage away (especially considering what – or who – he smuggled in)
and had lost track of the crowd. It certainly didn’t help that every hallway looked almost
exactly the same, rendering him walking in circles – verified by a small sign on a door he had
definitely seen before.
He sighed in exhaustion. This was almost as bad as trying to find the Ginza line again on his
first day of school. It certainly didn’t help that he was sleep deprived as he once more tried to
suppress a yawn. He had slept throughout the entire flight here – wherever ‘here’ actually
was - but evidently it didn’t help with the jet lag. Hopefully after the orientation he could
catch a nap, assuming he could make it back to his own room. Otherwise, a quiet, out-of-theway corner would do.
The former Phantom Thief ran a hand through his messy, black hair as he thought back to
how he even got here in the first place. It had been a month since he got back home from
Tokyo. His parents hadn’t spoken a word to him ever since he got back, which didn’t surprise
him – after all, they didn’t bother checking up on him once during his probation period or his
brief time in juvenile hall. It had just been a matter of unpacking, trying to refamiliarize
himself with his hometown, and keeping in contact with everyone in Tokyo.
To say it was disconcerting was putting it mildly. His former friends avoided him like the
plague. Everyone who knew him in the past either ignored him or gave him the stink eye as
he walked past. He expected all of it though it didn’t make it sting any less. All he could
really do was draft up plans for his move to Tokyo in about a year or so when he became

independent. Sojiro had made it clear he could stay in LeBlanc if need be, but he didn’t
intend to take advantage of his kindness.
Then something strange happened. He had been passing by a blood donation drive and
decided to stop by. Even if he wasn’t a Phantom Thief anymore, he could at least assist others
if even in a small way. The next day, two men in suits showed up to his home, spooking his
parents who immediately called him down, thinking he was being arrested again. And indeed,
Ren was more than wary of them. He figured he had eyes on him, but he certainly didn’t
expect them to be so blatant.
But no, they came from something called the Chaldea Security Organization. They were
looking for certain candidates and apparently Ren fit the mark almost perfectly. They wanted
to hire him, a prospect that both he and his parents were incredibly skeptical of. Then they
showed the contract, and the sheer number of zeroes up front dispelled any doubts his parents
might have had.
Ren could only sigh to himself when he saw their reaction. Again, he should’ve expected
this. It seemed his read of people had been getting worse and worse as of late.
They left after saying they would give him a day to think about it. His parents immediately
wanted him to take the offer, and Ren couldn’t deny that it was incredibly tempting. With the
amount they were paying, he could easily move to Tokyo with no issues and not have to
worry about money for an incredibly long time, if ever again. Still, it certainly seemed too
good to be true. That night, he immediately contacted his friends.
Ryuji: I dunno, man, this sounds incredibly sus.
Makoto: I agree. Offers like this usually have some terms and conditions attached – severe
ones. It definitely sounds like something Kaneshiro would have cooked up if he had the
resources.
Ann: No way would that pig ever be that generous, even for a long con. But yeah, something’s
fishy here.
Yusuke: The veil of greed may cloud even the most perceptive of eyes. Futaba, Haru, do you
have any insights?
Haru: I’m afraid I’m not familiar with this organization, at least not off the top of my head. I
will have to talk to a few of my father’s associates – perhaps they are aware if we have made
any investments on them and could furnish me with some information.
Futaba: Working on it, Inari!
Yusuke: I thought I had asked you not to call me that?
Futaba: You asked, I ignored. I thought you learned the rhythm by now.
Sumire: It certainly does seem too good to be true, senpai. What do you think about all of it?

Ren: It definitely stinks like all get out, I won’t argue that. But the contract seems legit. We
even have a copy that we can take to a lawyer and make absolutely sure.
Makoto: Would you like my sister to take a quick look at it?
“Huh, it’d probably be a good idea to ask,” Morgana piped up from where he sat on his desk.
Ren nodded in agreement.
Ren: If it’s not too much trouble, please.
Makoto: Okay. DM me the contract and I’ll see if she can look at it when she gets home
tonight.
Ryuji: So, uh, out of curiosity, how much are we talking about here?
Ren listed the figure. Morgana eagerly peeked at the phone to see everyone’s reactions as
soon as he hit ‘send’. A moment passed, probably so everyone could process the number,
then they all started typing at once.
Ryuji: FOR REAL?!
Ann: HOW MUCH?!
Yusuke: Is-is there that much money in the world?
Futaba: OMGWTFBBQ WHAT IS THAT NUMBER
Sumire: Th-that’s quite a lot!
Makoto: I… I just want to make sure - you didn’t forget a decimal point or mistype the
number of zeroes, did you?
Haru: Oh my! That’s quite a princely sum!
Morgana chuckled. “If Haru’s saying that, then it’s definitely a lot of money,” he cheekily
pointed out. Ren could only chuckle in agreement.
Ren: I definitely agree. And here’s what me and my parents get up front .
He typed in the figure and waited for the response.
Ryuji: … so uh, buddy, pal, uh, how soon do you gotta leave?
Ren: I’ll treat all of you. Thought that would be a given.
Ryuji: HELL YES!! You’re the best, man!
Ann: All the cakes I can eat~!
Yusuke: Caviar and foie gras! Such culinary masterpieces will be within my grasp!

Haru: There are some delicacies that I can recommend for all of you, though I will have to
ask what your budget is, Ren.
Sumire: It will be hard to check on the nutritional value if I go overboard. Hm…
Ryuji: Hey, don’t sweat it. I’ll help you out with that.
Sumire: Thanks, Ryuji!
Makoto: Guys, do remember that Ren hasn’t signed anything yet and therefore hasn’t been
paid? I suggest holding off on your fantasies before you make yourself hungry again?
Ryuji: Yeah, a bit too late for that, Queen.
Makoto: …
Morgana snickered. “Typical Skull,” he remarked. Ren chuckled as well. Then he realized
that Futaba had been quiet for a while. That was concerning.
Ren: Futaba, you there?
Futaba: So, I checked every database I could about the Chaldea Security Organization.
Ren: Nice. What’d you find?
Futaba: It exists.
Ann: I mean, that’s good to know, but anything else?
Futaba: Nope. Wherever I look, all I got is a name and a few details that show it’s legit, but
otherwise I can’t find heads or tails of… well, anything. No names, no manifesto, no finances
– heck, not even an official address to their headquarters! It’s like every bit of actual detail
about them is kept off the net!
Makoto: That’s… worrying. Were you not able to hack into their systems?
Futaba: Queen, please – it’s me we’re talking about. If the info’s not there, then it was never
uploaded in the first place. They’re probably going old-school in their info: Hardcopies, disk
and memory drives, intranet computers, the works.
Sumire: What makes you so certain, Oracle? This does sound like the kind of scam we hear
about where no trace of the company was found afterward.
Futaba: Yeah, uh, I don’t think the United Nations database would have a scam company on
account.
“The WHAT database?!?” Morgana screeched in pure shock, mirroring Ren’s own as his eyes
widened.
Makoto: Futaba, I thought we talked about this!

Futaba: Don’t worry, I made sure to cover my tracks. But yeah, I had to follow a trail of the
tiniest breadcrumbs and it reached all the way to the UN. Not even Japan’s national
databases have anything on them.
There was a moment of silence from the chat and from Ren and Morgana as they processed
what Futaba told them.
Ren: So to sum it up: I received a job offer from a place that has absolutely no info on the
internet, but is marked down by the United Nations themselves. Meaning it’s all top secret. Is
that about right?
Futaba: That covers it, yep.
Another silence.
Ryuji: Sus.
Ann: Very sus.
Yusuke: This feat of trickery would put the Trojan Horse to shame.
Haru: I am rather skeptical of this.
Sumire: This is all sounding incredibly risky, even for you, senpai.
Makoto: I agree with everyone here. This all sounds very shady at best.
“Yeah, can’t blame them,” Morgana murmured as Ren glanced over. “The payout’s nice, but
we’ll be essentially going in completely blind without any backup. You sure about this,
Joker?” Ren was silent as he quietly considered. Then the sound of footsteps caught his
attention as he glanced over. They approached, becoming louder and louder… then faded as
they simply passed by without so much as a pause.
Right. He had forgotten one important fact: This wasn’t his home anymore.
Ren: Queen, I’m gonna send you that copy of the contract. If it checks out, then I’m in.
Ryuji: Whoa, you sure about this?
Ren: It’ll make a nice nest egg and funds for when I move to Tokyo properly. Aren’t living
costs over there kind of insane?
Makoto: … you aren’t wrong. It was a point of contention between me and sis for a bit.
Ann: But still, isn’t this going a bit far for money? There’s gotta be other ways, right?
Futaba: Yeah! Just give me a bit to whip up another gacha and I canRen: Guys, thanks. Really. But honestly, I just want to get out of the house at this point.
Besides, there’s worse ways of spending a summer vacation than with a top secret UN-

associated organization.
Yusuke: Is your home life that bad, my friend?
Ren hesitated for a second as Morgana quietly observed, saying nothing.
Ren: … it could be better. Let me put it this way – at this point, you guys are my family now.
That’s what I choose.
Sumire: Senpai…
Ryuji: Well yeah. You’re our bro, bro. We always got your back, like you always got ours.
Makoto: If that is your decision, then we’ll do all we can to help you.
Haru: And even if we can’t, we’ll be with you in spirit all the way!
Ren: … Thanks, guys. All of you.
Futaba: I’m so telling Sojiro – he was bawling after you left. Did you know that?
Yusuke: As I recall, you were in a similar state yourself.
Futaba: Shut it, Inari!
Makoto: Can you two please behave…?
Morgana nodded resolutely. “I hope you’re not expecting to go alone,” he spoke up, glaring
at Ren. “This place sounds incredibly dangerous and we’re gonna be working with next to
nothing. I’ll be coming with you.”
Ren blinked in surprise, then smirked with amusement. “Airport security’s pretty strict,” he
pointed out. “It’s going to be tough to smuggle you in.”
The catlike being chuckled. “Joker, I thought you had more faith in me than that,” he
remarked smugly. “Just leave it to me – I’ll be with you every step of the way.”
And that was that. The contract got checked out and given tacit approval from Sae (though
she called later in the evening with a good number of terse questions). The men came back,
the contract was signed, and a day later, Ren was picked up and brought to a private airfield,
complete with a jet without windows. His eyebrows practically raised themselves right into
his hairline at the sight, but he pushed forward regardless.
Now he was here in this facility that looked like the set of a sci-fi film, completely lost.
Morgana was most likely establishing himself in his bedroom – there was no way for him to
easily follow him through these open hallways anyway – while he made his way to the
orientation. That being said, it didn’t help that he wasn’t provided with a map, nor were there
directions he could read. Just where the heck was everything-

As he rounded a corner, he collided with something soft. Looking down, he saw a girl maybe
slightly younger than he was, with short lilac-colored hair and glasses. She wore a lab coat
with a black shirt and red tie, as well as a black skirt. Odd. Was she someone who worked
here as well? She seemed pretty young for it – but then, he had no right to talk.
Pushing aside the thought, he offered a hand. “Sorry about that, I wasn’t paying attention,” he
apologized as he gave a rueful smile. “Are you alright?”
The girl looked up in surprise, then gently took Ren’s hand as he helped her up. “Oh, yes, my
apologies, senpai,” she quickly replied. “I was not paying attention to my path. I hope I did
not inconvenience you.”
“Not at all,” Ren replied. “In fact, I could use a bit of help. Do you know how to get to the
Command Center?”
She nodded and pointed down the hallway. “Take the second hallway to the left,” she
explained. “And go straight down. You should be able to find the Command Center straight
ahead, senpai.”
Ren nodded in relief. “Thanks so much, miss…?”
The girl bowed slightly. “Mash Kyrielight,” she introduced herself. “I am an employee of
Chaldea. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, senpai.” Suddenly, there was a bit of
motion from underneath her coat, and a small, white creature hopped up on her shoulders
before turning to face him. It looked like a white… fox? With incredibly luxurious fur. That
was the best description he had for it, anyway.
Mash blinked in surprise, then gave a gentle smile as she reached up to scratch it behind the
ears. “And this is Fou,” she explained. “He is a privileged life-form allowed to wander the
halls of Chaldea.”
“Fou, fou!” Fou barked, staring at Ren with curious eyes.
“Ren Amamiya,” the former Phantom Thief introduced himself in turn with a smile. He
slowly moved his hand in front of Fou, allowing the little creature to smell him first. A
moment later, Fou rubbed himself against his hand, allowing him to pet the little creature in
turn and eliciting a small smile from him.
“Oh,” Mash gasped in mild surprise. “Fou normally doesn’t take to people.”
Ren smiled. “I have a way with animals,” he remarked as he continued petting Fou. Mash
seemed like an earnest girl. “Why do you call me senpai, by the way? I just started here – if
anything, I should be calling you senpai.”
Mash tilted her head slightly. “Because you are my senpai in life,” she replied. “You have
experienced more of the world than I have. I only know of Chaldea but otherwise, my
knowledge is limited to whatever I can browse from books or the organization’s archives.”

The former Thief’s mouth dropped slightly in shock at this information. Before he could
respond, he heard a man’s voice call out. “Ah, Mash! I don’t wish to rush you, but I believe
the others are waiting for you to suit up!”
They both turned to see a man in a green suit and top hat walking toward them, his cane
tapping lightly against the tiled floor. “Mr. Lainur,” Mash greeted with a bow. “Forgive me. I
was informing Ren-senpai how to reach the Command Room from here. He was lost.”
The man raised his eyebrows. “Is that so,” he mused. “I thought I had put in a request for
some direction signs or maps to be posted some time ago. I’ll have to look into it. But at any
rate, I can bring him to the Command Room myself – I’m headed in the same direction
anyway. You had best prepare, Mash.”
Mash nodded in acknowledgement before turning back to Ren. “It was a pleasure to meet
you, Ren-senpai,” she murmured. “I hope to see you again.” With that, she bowed once more
to the man before walking off. Fou gave one last ‘Kyu!’ before she walked around a corner
and disappeared from sight.
“Now, we best make our way to the Command Room,” the man stated cordially. “Olga- er,
Director Animusphere gets testy when people are late, Mr…?” He held out a hand.
Ren grasped it and shook firmly. “Ren,” the former Phantom Thief introduced himself. “Ren
Amamiya.” He looked up at the man’s features: Longer, curly hair, a face made for smiling,
about middle aged. The man seemed affable enough – and yet, for some reason, he couldn’t
shake the feeling that something felt off about the man. Still, it was better to play the fool for
now until he had more information about his environment and the people within.
“A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Amamiya,” the man replied with a broad smile. “I am Lev
Lainur, one of the technicians of Chaldea. Granted, as a Master candidate we won’t be
meeting frequently, if at all, but nevertheless, it is a pleasure.”
Blinking, Ren looked him up and down. “You’re pretty well dressed for a technician,” he
commented.
Lev stopped for a second, then laughed. “That is true,” he agreed. “But today is the
commencement of Chaldea – I should be dressed to impress for such a momentous event, no?
Ah, yes, the commencement! We should hurry before the director truly loses her temper!”
Ren nodded and they both began walking down the hallway toward the Command Room.
“Speaking of which,” the former Thief spoke up. “The job description was pretty vague.
What do they expect me to do here?”
The technician glanced over at him. “Hm, the paperwork was fairly vague, as I recall,” the
man mused. “Well, you need not worry. As a Master Candidate, you are only serving as
backup in case something happens to the main team. I suppose it would be equated to the
understudy of the actors. If all goes well – and our main team is highly capable, I assure you
– then it should be a fairly simple job.”

Lev grinned. “An easy job and a large payout,” he remarked. “I believe you have discovered
most peoples’ dream! My congratulations, Mr. Amamiya!”
Ren chuckled as the technician laughed. “I guess I have,” he agreed. Still, his mind raced.
Backup? For a main team? Of what? And now that he thought about it, what was the position
of ‘Master Candidate’ supposed to mean? Was he supposed to serve as some training for
maids or something? Somehow, he had a feeling a particular teacher would be very unamused
if she found out that was actually his summer job.
In a fishing pond in Tokyo, a certain woman sneezed.
The Command Room was a huge affair. About as large as the Shujin gymnasium, it was lined
with workstations with computers, all filled with people wearing different colored uniforms.
The aisles were filled with yet more staff as they listened to the director speak. The walls
were blue but curiously shaped, someone stacked a bunch of triangles and squares together in
an odd pattern. At the center of it all was a gigantic globe, showing a holographic display of
the world.
Right below the globe was a young woman. Dressed in yellow, her white hair gleamed from
the light of the hologram above as she gave her speech. Ren was about to stand behind the
others when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Turning, he saw Lev shaking his head. “Not here,
I’m afraid,” he whispered. “Master candidates are supposed to be up front.”
The former Thief inwardly blanched at that. His first day here and he was going to stick out
like a sore thumb. It was like Shujin all over again. Nevertheless, he reluctantly nodded and
quietly pushed through the crowd, flowing through a sea of green and orange uniforms until
he finally reached white. The other Master candidates around him looked in surprise, then
showed a wide array of emotions: Some simply turned their attention back, a few smiled, and
a couple more looked scornful.
Ren decided to keep a low profile. Better not stand out for now.
Now that he had a closer look at the director, he was surprised. She seemed fairly young –
probably around Sae’s age. And she was already the director of a top-secret facility? He was
already impressed with Sae being a star prosecutor within the SIU and later an excellent
defense attorney, but this was a whole new level. Her white hair and yellow eyes were even
more prominent too. It reminded him a bit of Lavenza, only less ethereal.
He sighed inwardly to himself. After he left Tokyo, the Velvet Room no longer appeared for
him. He wondered how she and Igor were doing. Probably observing all of humanity like
they usually did. Were they watching him right now?
Suddenly, he felt eyes on him and looked up to see the director glaring straight at him. Did
she notice he had just arrived? She was about to angrily open her mouth when movement to
the side caught her attention. Turning, the director blinked in surprise as Lev walked up.
“Lev,” she called. “I was about to ask for you. It isn’t like you to be tardy.”

“Apologies Olga – er, Director Animusphere,” he hastily amended himself. “I had a few
matters to check up on as well as guiding a few people to the Command Room. I’ll make sure
it won’t happen again.
The director frowned slightly in consternation, shooting a quick glare at Ren, but nodded.
“It’s fine, I’m sure you had your reasons,” she accepted easily. “I’m glad you could join us.”
Lev smiled and bowed. “There is nowhere else I’d rather be,” he replied, causing the director
to smile as the man took his place beside her.
Ren watched everything unfold with no small amount of surprise. He didn’t think Lev was a
simple technician, given his mannerisms and genteel yet affable nature, yet he hadn’t
expected him to be that high up on the hierarchy. Was he perhaps the vice director? It
certainly reminded him of when he first encountered Kamoshida as he drove by to pick up
Ann. He seemed affable enough at first… though that lasted all of a day before his true self
slithered out. He could only wonder if that was going to be the case here.
With that, the director continued her speech, expressing how proud she was of everyone who
worked here and how everything was only the beginning. However, her voice droned on and
on, and Ren found his eyelids getting heavier and heavier. The jet lag and recent lack of sleep
had been catching up with him, and now with the director’s speech combined with the quiet,
it was getting harder and harder to resist. The fact that he was still standing wasn’t making a
difference either. His eyelids gradually closed as darkness took himThe next moment, he felt someone elbow him in the side, startling him awake – and face to
face with the director. She stood shorter than him, but the fury on her face and eyes more than
made up for it in terms of intimidation. “You have some nerve,” she hissed. “First you show
up tardy, inconveniencing Lev, then you fall asleep during the commencement speech? You
obviously have no idea as to the importance of the situation.”
The former Thief gulped. From his peripheral vision, he could see everyone had turned their
attention to the both of them. “Sorry about that,” he apologized meekly. “I didn’t sleep well
during the flight here. I meant no disrespect-“
“And yet you have disrespected me, the facility, and everyone here regardless,” the director
interrupted flatly. “Since you feel that this is all too boring that it would send you to sleep,
then you are dismissed. Await further commands from your quarters, and we shall see what
disciplinary measures are needed, if any.”
For a moment, there was nothing but silence between the two of them. Ren’s gray eyes were
absent of any emotion, easily meeting the director’s angry gray eyes without any trouble. A
few onlookers nervously whispered to each other as everyone watched in anticipation. The
air grew tense as neither side seemed to back down from whatever unspoken battle was
brewing between them.
Finally, the former Thief bowed his head. “Sorry for the trouble,” he murmured. Turning
around, he quickly walked out, threading his way through the crowd. He thought he heard a
few words of sympathy and felt a few pats on his shoulder, but he disregarded them for now
besides a few small smiles of appreciation. For now, he could use a nap.

The director watched as the Master candidate left… then slowly, quietly let out a breath she
didn’t realize she had been holding. No one could see it, but she could feel the sweat bead
underneath her hairline and her neck. As she turned to head back, she had to fight off the urge
to rub her neck. Every second she was under his gaze, it felt like she had a dagger at her
throat. People like that were… uncommon, to say the least. She would consult Lev, but he
had walked off in the middle of her speech earlier, most likely to attend to other business. He
had a habit of doing that.
No matter. It was a new day for all of them. She would make her mark and perhaps, finally,
her father would be proud of her. Some new entrants caught her attention. The director turned
and beamed at them.
“Team A, to your Coffins!” she commanded.
Ren could only sigh tiredly as he walked down Chaldea’s halls. With everyone in the
Command Center, he was the only walking through as his footsteps echoed faintly among the
walls. Luckily, he didn’t need directions this time – he had already been shown his room,
after all, when he first arrived, and he knew where it generally was. At least he would have a
bit more time to familiarize himself with his room and what resources it had – well, before he
got punted out, anyway. He didn’t exactly make the best first impression on his first day of
work.
He blew out a quiet breath as he imagined his adulthood. Would this be what happened?
Working under a boss that had a temper about as short as Jack Frost’s attention span? Just the
very thought of it gave him chills down his spine.
As he walked, a robot rolled by, catching Ren’s eye as it quietly passed by him. He stopped to
stare at it as it glided away, an odd sight in contrast to the empty hallway. It reminded him of
the robots in Okumura’s Palace. Unlike those ones, which looked relatively human, this robot
was cylindrical with a domed head on top, with a small camera mounted as well as various
ports and slots. He recalled during the introduction that Chaldea had robotic servitors to take
care of most daily needs: Laundry, cooking, janitorial duties, and more. That way, everyone
could keep their focus on their work without distractions.
The former Thief idly wondered if he could take one back to Tokyo with him. Sojiro would
appreciate having a helper around the house – or at the very least, having someone help clean
up Futaba’s room. Futaba herself would be over the moon. She would practically be
salivating over it and immediately start taking it apart, seeing what she could do with it as
well as various upgrades. Knowing her, she might even hollow it out so she could crawl
inside and pilot it around.
… Actually, thinking about it, perhaps it was better he couldn’t take one with him. He didn’t
want to imagine the sheer amount of chaos Futaba could cause with one.
Walking along, it wasn’t long before he reached the living quarters. It seemed every single
employee had their own rooms, which was certainly a welcome surprise. Ren certainly
appreciated the privacy– and it meant he didn’t have to worry nearly as much about what he

smuggled in. He turned a corner, reached his room, and tapped on the panel beside his door.
It hissed openAnd showed his room very much occupied.
Ren blinked in surprise as he stared at the person in his room. A man perhaps a couple years
older than him, with unkempt orange hair tied back in a ponytail and dressed in a doctor’s
coat over his green Chaldea uniform, was in his chain watching something on the computer
very intently. Before he could speak up, a girl’s voice spoke up from the computer. “ Thank
you for the superchat~” she chirped. “ ’Ah, Magi Mari is my only solace among all my
work!’ Well, if I’m your only solace, maybe you should go outside and touch some grass? Or
at least go stretch your legs? You’re probably getting flabby from all the slacking off you’re
doing, you know.”
“Ah, Magi Mari, you’re so right,” the man cried. “Though you didn’t have to say it so
harshly, you know.” He spun in his chair – and caught sight of Ren standing at the open
doorway, simply staring.
For a moment, neither of them spoke as they tried to process the situation. Then the man
suddenly rushed to close all the open browser windows on the computer before standing up,
clearing his throat to compose himself. “I, er, thought this room was unoccupied,” he
muttered.
“I just moved in,” Ren replied simply. Most of his luggage was currently in his locker right
now which would explain why the man thought it was unoccupied. Other than that, however,
he didn’t seem to notice anything. Morgana must’ve either managed to either hide himself or
snuck out before the staff member arrived. It helped that his best friend wasn’t like other cats
and never seemed to shed either, leaving no trace of cat fur. It certainly meant less he’d have
to clean up at least.
The man blinked. “Just move- Ah, you must be one of the last Master Candidates to be
recruited!” he exclaimed. Standing up, he grinned as he offered a hand. “I’m doctor Romani
Archaman, the head physician of Chaldea. But please, just call me Roman.”
The former Thief took his hand and shook it as well. “Ren Amamiya,” he replied. The
doctor’s more laidback air and friendly tone reminded him less of Takemi and more of
Maruki. “So, Roman, any health hazards in my room I should know about?” he asked,
smiling wryly. “After all, if it requires the attention of the head physician, there must be a
serious issue here. A chronic case of otaku, maybe?”
Roman immediately spluttered. “When- how long did-“ he immediately stammered, then
sagged with a sigh of resignation. “Okay, I’m not supposed to be watching videos on the
clock,” he quickly said. “But Magi Mari was having a stream today and I’ve already missed
the last one! I couldn’t miss another one! You have an idol too, right? You understand!”
Ren couldn’t help but smirk. “Can’t say I do,” he replied truthfully, chuckling inwardly as the
doctor’s expression turned despondent. “I’ll keep it a secret though, not to worry.”

The doctor blinked in surprise, then sighed in relief. “Oh, thank you so much, Ren,” he said.
“Tell you what, next time I’ll treat you to some tea after the first mission is finished.” Then
he stopped and checked the time on the computer. “Wait, the commencement is right now,”
he noted. “Aren’t you supposed to be at the Command Center?”
Ah, the ten million yen question. He debated what to answer with him and he was curious to
see how Roman would react. “I got on the bad side of the director,” Ren replied truthfully
with a shrug. “And she sent me packing while promising disciplinary measures. Not exactly
fun.”
Roman’s eyes widened. “What’d you do to incur the director’s wrath that quickly?” he asked
in surprise.
“Arriving late and accidentally dozing off during her speech,” the former Thief replied
bluntly. “The latter I blame more to jet lag than anything else.”
The doctor winced at the answer. “Ah, I see…” he murmured. “I understand your frustration
but please don’t be too angry with her. She’s been under a lot of stress lately, especially today.
This first mission absolutely had to be a success, after all.”
Ren had a niggling feeling there was something else and decided to push a tiny bit. “A bit
hard to do,” he admitted. “She nearly bit my head off in there. Is the mission that important
that she’s practically on the edge of a meltdown?”
Roman opened his mouth, looked past the young man to see if there was anyone else outside,
then sighed. “Honestly, it is,” he answered earnestly. “The former director – the founder of
Chaldea and her father – recently passed away, leaving everything on her shoulders. Since
then, she has been doing everything to uphold her father’s legacy, and it hasn’t been an easy
road for her. This first mission would be the proof she could provide that everything here
meant something – to her, to her family, and to everyone who worked here. So… again, I
understand your anger, but I do ask for your patience with her if you could, Ren.”
The former Thief’s frustration immediately melted away into hollow horror. That sounded
almost exactly like what Haru went through: After her father had a mental shutdown, not
only was she stuck grieving for her family, but she had to deal with constant hounding of her
father’s associates as well as that scumbag of a fiancé she was set up with. He helped her
weather the storm as best she could, but there was still a lot she had to deal with. And even
then, Haru didn’t bear the responsibility of fully running Okumura Foods, the president
taking up the mantle until she was ready.
He thought back to the director’s situation. If what Roman said was true, then just under how
much pressure was she? Suddenly, he couldn’t blame her for snapping at him – even if he
still believed it was an overreaction. “Alright, I understand,” he answered quietly.
The doctor seemed taken aback at the easier answer, then smiled gladly. “Thanks so much,
Ren,” he sighed in relief. “She’s a good person, just a bit temperamental is all. I’m sure once
the mission’s over, she’ll be able to relax a little. Heck, she’ll probably even forget about
disciplinary-“

Suddenly, there was a distant roar and everything around them quaked. A moment later,
alarm klaxons began ringing out as the lights began flashing red. Both of them looked about
in alarm. “What happened?” Ren demanded.
Roman raced back over to the computer. Opening it, he rapidly pulled up the status report
with his own credentials. “There was an explosion in the Command Room,” he rapidly
reported. “Casualties unknown as well as structural damage.” He typed a few more keys, then
his eyes widened. “The blast doors are going to be sealed in order to suffocate the fire!”
Ren’s eyes widened. Then that would mean any survivors there would be trapped and
sentence to death! “Get the med bay ready,” he ordered. “I’ll check on survivors and get as
many as I can out of there.”
“Wait, Ren!”
However, the former Thief had already sprinted out the door and was racing towards the
Command Room. He heard a distant startled squawk from Roman and moments later,
Morgana was running alongside him. “I heard what happened, Joker!” he quickly stated. “I’ll
go ahead and look for survivors!”
Ren nodded as Morgana ran ahead. For a moment, with his surroundings flashing around
him, it felt like the last day of a heist in a Palace. Then he immediately shoved that thought
from his head as he grabbed a corner and used that to help make a tight turn. Soon, he was
approaching the Command Room. Even from here he could feel the heat of the flames that
steadily got hotter and hotter as he approached.
Entering the Command Room, he was forced to bury his face in his sleeve in order not to
inhale any smoke. The room was in ruins: Wreckage and rubble lay everywhere, with torn
wires and broken electronics sparking. Flames leaped up all around him, bathing everything
in an infernal light that made it hard to see. And worst of all, he could see people strewn all
about – bleeding, mangled, and unmoving. He pushed down his nausea as he forged ahead.
Not the time.
“Joker! Joker, over here!”
The former Thief locked onto Morgana’s voice. Climbing over some destroyed tables and
debris, he found Morgana next to a survivor. His eyes widened as he recognized the survivor:
Mash Kyrielight. Unlike before, she was wearing some sort of orange and white jumpsuit.
But more importantly, she was trapped underneath a large piece of rubble. “I can’t get her
out!” Morgana yelled. “I’m going to look for more survivors just in case, but I’ll leave this
one to you, Joker!”
“Got it!” Ren responded as Morgana dashed off. He quickly checked on her, seeing what he
could do. Unfortunately, the rubble was pinning her down so he couldn’t pull her free.
Perhaps with a bar he could lever it off her.
Mash’s eyes fluttered open, though only barely. “S-senpai…” she rasped out. “D-don’t worry
about me. Please escape... The blast doors… they’ll close any moment…”

“And leave you behind?” Ren asked, forcing a cheerful grin despite his rising fear. “Not my
style.” He finally found a long bar that would serve as a lever. Shoving one end underneath
the rubble, he began pushing down on the other to try and force it off. However, no matter
how much he pushed or pulled, utilizing his full body weight and strength behind it, it didn’t
budge whatsoever.
“S-senpai…?”
“I almost got it, Mash,” Ren panted out – then the bar broke with a snap, sending him
crashing to the ground. He had to bite back a curse as he reevaluated his strategy. He hadn’t
heard from Morgana either. While he knew his best friend was okay, did that mean he
couldn’t find anyone else…?
“M-may I ask something selfish of you, s-senpai...?” the girl murmured, her words barely
audible above the flames.
Singularity located. System Error. System Error. Rayshift functionality compromised. Unable
to shut down. Locating eligible candidates.
The automated PA system boomed out something, but Ren ignored it. That wasn’t important
right now. He looked over at Mash, her eyes weak and plaintive. He wanted to reassure her
and say something like ‘you can ask for anything you want once you’re out of here’, but
somewhere, deep down, he knew he’d never get that chance. “Sure, Mash,” he replied gently
as he knelt beside her. “What do you need?”
“C-“ Mash choked a bit, her throat drier than she expected. She swallowed some saliva and
spoke again. “Could you… h-hold my hand…?” she asked, reaching forward slightly.
Ren paused in surprise at the request, then nodded. “Of course,” he answered. Reaching over,
he took Mash’s hand in his own. Her hand was much smaller than his. It felt so weak and
fragile. Slowly, her fingers curled around his hand, and Ren softly grasped hers in turn,
wrapping his other hand on hers as well.
The girl sighed softly and smiled weakly up at him. “Th-thank you… senpai…” she rasped
out. The former Thief gulped and could only force a smile in response.
Candidates located. Beginning Rayshift in T-Minus 5. 4. 3. 2. 1.
Suddenly, the entire room erupted into white around Ren – and then he fell into darkness.

Chapter 2: A New Power
Chapter Summary

A visit to the Velvet Room before stepping into hell.

Chapter Notes

What can I say, I think I've gotten the writing bug recently. That being said, don't expect
daily uploads to be a thing. I'm an okay writer but I certainly can't pump out a chapter a
day.
On another note, trying to squeeze together Persona lore with Nasuverse is like trying to
fit a round peg into a softer oval shaped hold: It corresponds surprisingly well but it's
still not an exact match, with huge holes if you prod at it too hard. If you guys see
anything that doesn't make particular sense, do bring it up. I'll try to correct it how I can.
With that, on with the chapter!

A soft piano melody reached his ears was the first indication. The hard bed underneath him
was the second. Ren’s eyes opened once more and was greeted with the cramped quarters of
at a cell, the walls lined with blue cloth. The lonely woman’s wail came through, letting Ren
breathe a slight sigh of relief. He gave a small smile. He knew where he was now, which was
a small comfort in of itself.
The Velvet Room was rather unforgettable, after all.
He swung his legs over his bunk and blinked as he noticed something. He wasn’t in his
prison uniform (which he didn’t miss whatsoever, especially the gigantic ball and chain that
came with it), but neither was he in his Phantom Thief outfit either. Instead, he still wore the
white jacket and black pants that was the Chaldean uniform. And another thing caught his
eye: A red tattoo on the back of his right hand. Narrowing his eyes, he looked at it. The tattoo
looked like his mask, made and stylized into multiple lines connecting them together into the
shape. Ren was never one for tattoos and would certainly not get one as obvious on the back
of his hand. And besides, he was sure it wasn’t there before.
But he could ask his questions later. His cell door was opened so he walked through.
Everything was the same: A circular room with jail cells lining the walls. Loudspeakers
hanging above the center. A simple desk in the middle. Sitting at that desk was a suited
balding man with an incredibly long nose and perpetual grin and standing beside the desk

was a little girl in a blue dress with silver hair, holding a massive book. Their appearances
were unnatural and otherworldly, but for Ren, they couldn’t have been a more comforting
sight. He simply grinned up at them. “Igor, Lavenza,” he called out. “It’s good to see you
again. So, is the Velvet Room the afterlife as well?”
Igor’s grin widened at the greeting. “It’s good to see you too, dear guest,” he replied, his
high-pitched voice filling the jail. “Once more, welcome to the Velvet Room, though I do
wish that the circumstances of our meeting were better. We have much to do and
unfortunately, little resources nor time to do so.”
The girl, Lavenza, curtsied, her yellow eyes sparkling with affection. “Greetings, my
Trickster,” she replied. “It has been some time – though admittedly, not as much time as we
would like. Still, it’s good to see you again regardless.” Ren understood. The Velvet room
and its occupants only showed when something serious was happening. The fact they were
showing themselves to him once more only meant that everything was in trouble. Again.
“You are not dead, else you would not be here right now. No, your mind has been summoned
here once more. As the false god once said, it is your duty to prevent ruin. But… I’m afraid
this time, through no fault of your own, ruin has come after all.”
Ren’s eyes widened, then narrowed. The mention of Yaldabaoth and his constant yammering
about ‘ruin’ was something that nobody in the room took lightly at this point. “So I’m not
dead then,” he stated simply, putting his hands in his pockets with a smirk. “Then just like
that time we vanished and returned, it means we can do something about it. It’ll be like old
times.” The thought of which caused his body to seize up in fear, his throat choking a bit.
The experience of vanishing into nonexistence was not one he had been eager to relive, and
neither was the impending execution from Caroline and Justine by the fake Igor. But he
forced his fear down. As Igor had said, there was probably much to do and most likely little
time to do it. Traumas could wait. It would probably be with just Morgana but… he’d
manage. He always did. “Let’s summon my Personas and begin with prep. I don’t suppose
you know who I’ll be taking down this time?”
Lavenza hesitated. “Trickster… “ she began. “As you know, Personas come from Shadows,
who are born from the Sea of Souls in the collective unconsciouness.” Ren nodded slowly.
Morgana, Caroline and Justine, and Igor had explained things to him. It took a bit of talking
with Futaba and Maruki to fully comprehend them though. With shaking hands, she opened
the massive book – and Ren’s eyes flew open with horror. The Compendium was the book of
Personas. Ones he had persuaded to join his side and ones he had created by executing and
fusing their powers together. They were powerful allies, reflecting different aspects of
civilization’s mythology or history, standing as their guardians, heroes, and villains. Ren had
painstakingly gathered pages and information to the Compendium, including his greatest one,
born from the end of his adventures: Satanael.
The Compendium’s pages were burnt to cinder. Every last one.
“Wh-what… how….?” Ren literally didn’t have the words for it. That was impossible. He
knew that the Velvet Room could be tampered with, given what Yaldabaoth had done in the
past, but even he couldn’t interfere with things like the Compendium. That was linked

directly to his own power, and it drew power from the Sea of Souls. But the fact it was
destroyed was something he hadn’t expected whatsoever.
Lavenza closed the book, her eyes watering with tears. Igor hummed. “Trickster, I will not
mince words here.” Ren looked back at Igor. The long-nosed man’s grin was still there but
his eyes were hard and serious. Much more so than Ren had ever seen them. And he seemed
to be under some considerable strain too. “Humanity has met a ruin that it could have never
foretold nor stopped. The sea of souls has been wiped with flame, and because of that, much
of our power is lacking. I’m utilizing a considerable amount of my own power to keep the
Velvet Room in existence, and even I do not know how long it will last.”
Ren had to catch his breath when he heard the explanation. Humanity has met ruin…? Wait,
then what about his friends? What about Sojiro or Kawakami or Takemi, or everyone else?!
How could the sea of souls be utterly wiped out?!? It was connected after all to humanity’s
collective unconsciousness. There was no way it could be wiped out so long as humanity
existed!
However, as soon as he came to that conclusion, his skin turned paler and paler. The horror
came crashing down with all the weight of finality itself. The room wavered in his eyes and
he couldn’t stand anymore, collapsing on his knees as all strength left him. If the sea of souls
was destroyed, that meant the collective unconsciousness was gone, one way or another.
Even Yaldabaoth’s control or Maruki’s paradise couldn’t inflict such a heavy catastrophe,
despite them essentially being able to control everyone’s minds. No. For that to happen, in
order to completely destroy the collective unconsciousness, to the point where the Velvet
Room couldn’t delve into it to grant strength, meant only one thing:
Humanity was gone.
“Trickster!” Lavenza cried out in horror. Dropping the now-useless Compendium, she raced
over to throw her arms around the distraught former leader of the Phantom Thieves. She had
been practicing and studying gestures of affection to connect more with humanity and to
surprise Ren if he ever came back, but she hadn’t ever expected to utilize her practice in such
a manner or dire situation. “Please, Trickster, I know it all seems lost, but it isn’t! We might
still have an opportunity! There might be a way to reverse ruin!”
Ren blinked blearily up at the girl, then back at Igor. Did… did they truly have a way? But he
didn’t have his friends anymore. No connections. He didn’t even have his Personas or his
powers. It certainly seemed completely hopeless. Even worse than when the false Igor nearly
had him executed as Caroline and Justine wailed on him, or when Maruki had given his
friends – save for Akechi – what they wanted, depriving him of allies. But was that it? Was
he truly going to flop over? Despite everything, he fought back each and every time to the
bitter end. He clenched his hand and relaxed it, a small ironic smirk crawling up his lips as he
thought of it. True, the situation was indeed dire. Possibly utterly impossible, with this unjust
game.
So for Ren, it was just business as usual. He stood back up. His Phantom Thief outfit
flickered into view for a brief second before vanishing.

Igor’s eyes lit up in happiness as Lavenza released him, happy that her Trickster once more
found the resolve to face the future. “Excellent, most excellent,” Igor crowed, clapping. “I
must admit, none of our guests have faced such a calamity as you do now, but once more you
continue to exceed expectations.” He tented his hands in front of him on the table. “Now, the
situation has changed considerably, as you know. We would take direct action ourselves if
possible, but as it stands, we cannot afford to waste our powers. The burden of this,
unfortunately, will be yours once more, Trickster. However, we shall bestow you gifts and
power immediately. They will be far different than what you are accustomed to, but I am
certain you will learn to master it in due time. Lavenza, my dear? If you would.”
Lavenza nodded and turned back to Ren, placing a hand on him. “This will be unpleasant, my
Trickster,” she warned him apologetically. “But please, I ask you to bear with it.” Suddenly,
Ren’s body was bathed in turquoise light.
And he screamed.
It felt like his body was being simultaneously torn apart and burned alive. His nerves were on
fire, his skin felt like it was going to erupt and split open all over. The headache of his
Awakening had been beyond painful, but this was well past that. He was barely aware of the
green light and fresh spring breeze that came with powerful healing magic as he held onto
what remained of his mind, trying to last through the pain. He curled up into a fetal position,
screaming his throat bloody, as he waited for the pain to finally end, one way or another.
Finally, the pain abated, leaving Ren gasping for breath as he felt the cool relief of Lavenza’s
healing magic and the cold stone floor soothed his overheating body. Taking a few more
calming breaths, he stood back up laboriously, with Lavenza immediately running over and
supporting him. His body felt fine, but it felt… different, for lack of a better word. Whatever
that gift was, it was certainly far different than what he had been granted before (granted it
was the false Igor who granted him said gifts, but Lavenza and the real Igor assured him that
said gifts were painless anyway). He flexed his hands in practice – and saw a shimmer of
turquoise circuit lines on his skin. He immediately looked back up at Igor.
“I have granted you magic circuits and a crest,” Igor explained. “They will allow you to use
powers beyond most of humanity. Unlike your powers before, they can be used in the real
world at any time, without requirement of the Metaverse. Under normal circumstances, these
gifts would be far too dangerous to give to any guests, both for their safety and for the world
as a whole. However, it would seem Alaya has designated otherwise, and so has granted
permission for these to be given to you. I do hope you make good use of them.” Alaya? What
the hell was that?
“Your powers now will be far more taxing than they once were,” Lavenza chimed in, looking
at Ren with utmost seriousness and concern. “Magic circuits are a blessing and a curse. They
can allow you to use powers beyond most of humanity, but they have weaknesses that we
cannot shield you from. And should you overtax yourself in their usage, you will without a
doubt perish. Your crest will allow you to use your powers in a similar manner as you have
done so before, but I urge you the greatest of caution now. You are the only chance of
preventing ruin, and… I do not want to see you hurt any more, my Trickster.”

Ren gulped at the warnings. So, he was granted power to help overcome ruin, just like he did
before. Only this time, this power could kill him if he didn’t use it carefully. It wasn’t like
before where if he overused Personas, the worst he got was exhaustion and a massive
headache. He would have to be extremely careful how he used it. But still, what Personas did
he still have? If the Compendium was utterly destroyed, then how would he get more
personas? As a Wild Card, being able to switch between Personas was one of his greatest
strengths, able to capitalize on any weakness. While just one Persona was fine, he doubted it
would be enough.
He cast his mind back, delving into the far reaches. At the very least, there was one he could
summon. After all, this one wasn’t simply a Shadow from the now obliterated Sea of Souls.
This one was always there, from the very beginning to the very end. Perhaps he would be
here too. “Hey. Don’t suppose you’re still there?” he called out into the depths of his mind
and soul. At first, there was nothing but silence, which worried Ren. Then he heard a faint
rustle of feathers and a low laugh.
“I am thou, thou art I, contractor. I am your true self, and I am always here.”
He had to grin. Well, that answered his question, didn’t it.
“I’ve also granted Morgana circuits and skills as well,” Igor added, catching Ren’s attention
again. “He will be able to manifest his Metaverse form when the collective unconsciousness
is stronger. Your powers shall also draw from the collective unconsciousness as well. It will
be less taxing if you can summon personas that belong to your setting.” Ren blinked, then
nodded. Admittedly, that didn’t make much sense but very rarely did Igor make sense, fake
or real. At the very least, Morgana would have his form and his Persona back. It would be
good to fight alongside him again.
A pang rang out in his heart. He didn’t have his friends though. And it was possible they
were gone for a very long while.
“You will be able to come across new companions as you fight,” Lavenza told Ren. “You
won’t be alone. There is an existence parallel to the Velvet Room yet not: The Throne of
Heroes. They shall be another source of strength you can draw from. Your allies will tell you
more about it.” Ren looked down at the girl and nodded. He was getting lost again, though
admittedly he was used to both Igor and the Velvet Room attendants being cryptic as all get
out. At the very least though, he did trust them. Well, the genuine articles anyway. He’ll ask
once he got out of the Velvet Room to… wherever he was.
“Now, one last note, my dear guest,” Igor added, catching Ren’s gaze once more. “Some of
your allies are what you call Mages. They utilize magic circuits and crests like yourself, with
different specialties. However, they can be rather… unscrupulous with their gifts and their
pursuit of knowledge. I must ask you to not speak to them of the Velvet Room. They have
come close to breaching multiple times with a fervor that I find deeply repugnant. Should you
reveal that you have access to the Velvet Room, I genuinely worry for your safety, during and
after your battle. You might have fewer allies than you’d expect.”
Traitors. Ren wasn’t unfamiliar with the concept. A certain brown-haired detective taught
that lesson quite clearly. Still, if that was Igor wished, then Ren saw no reason to refuse it.

Especially if mages were as bad as Igor implied. Hiding his discomfort, he smirked over at
Igor. “Have to ask, how many times have mages tried to reach the Velvet Room?”
Igor chuckled. “Oh, no small number of times, I assure you. I might’ve lost count after fifty
or so. If they do get close, an attendant is typically on hand to see them out as necessary.”
Ren had a good feeling that ‘seeing them out’ usually meant ‘total obliteration’. From the
times he fought Caroline and Justine, and then Lavenza, if the Velvet Room attendants were
anything like them, then it was clear ‘restraint’ was rarely in their vocabulary.
“Well, if that’s all, then, I guess I’ve a world to save. Again,” he added with a slightly bitter
tone. He looked over at Lavenza. “Don’t suppose you’d be willing to join us? I’ve a feeling
we could use your power.”
Lavenza shook her head sadly. “My apologies, Trickster. I must assist my master in
maintaining the stability of the Velvet Room. Still, I wish you the best of your journey and
hope to see you soon. Just know that I love you, as I always have.”
Ren smiled, reaching over and giving Lavenza a small pat on the head, who smiled in turn.
He knew that would be the answer but it was worth a shot. “Well, in that case, I’ll see you
guys when I see you.” Flashing one last smirk, he walked back into his cell and kept walking
as the back wall folded away into blackness.

Singularity F – Fire-Contaminated City: Fuyuki

“….npai…. enp…. Senpai!”
Ren opened his eyes and blinked. Night sky filled with smoke. Orange light from fires. His
back felt uncomfortable like he was laying on something extremely rough. Did they make it
outside? Wait, they were in the Antarctic – if they did, he would either be seeing a lot more
snow or be freezing like all get out. Probably both. And frankly, all he felt was uncomfortably
warm from the flames.
“Senpai!”
He looked over and saw Mash again. Her wounds were gone and she looked safe. She
breathed a sigh of relief. Ren had a thousand questions on his tongue but Mash quickly spoke
up. “Um, I wish I could explain what happened, but everything happened so quickly,” she
explained rapidly. “Please look over at your surroundings.”
Ren blinked as he looked around and his eyes widened. Surrounding them were skeletons.
Their bones were charred black by flames and they held in their grips rusty, chipped swords
and spears. But more importantly: they were upright and moving. Spindly and weak-looking,

sure, but they were moving and didn’t look none too friendly. Looking around, he did a quick
count. About six of them. They were in a clearing of rubble so they had some room to
maneuver, but even then, they were still surrounded. Skeletons in what looked like to be hell.
He had to wonder if even the Metaverse could be that cliched.
“Communication has been impossible,” Mash explained as she stood up, hauling something
huge in her hands. It was then that Ren could take in her appearance. She now wore some
sort of tight-fitting armored dress with purple highlights and hauling a metal cross-shaped
shield that was about as big as Ren was tall. Though he had to admit, how was that armor
protecting anything? The skirt was extremely short giving view of her bare legs, her navel
was exposed, and so was her shoulders and upper arms…
Then he shook his head. Given how the Phantom Thieves dressed, he really, REALLY had no
right to judge.
“Master, your orders, please!” Ren had to blink as Mash called him ‘master’. It brought to
mind a certain maid – no, not right now! He can contemplate that later! Right now, they were
surrounded. Mash seemed to be able to take care of herself but that didn’t change the fact that
they were surrounded. There had been a few times like that with the Phantom Thieves, but he
didn’t have a Vanish Ball on hand to easily get out of it. Well, time to do things the hard way.
“Take out that one over there and we’ll break through,” Ren commanded, pointing to a
specific skeleton. “We’ll take out the others once we have some better footing!” Mash
nodded and went to work. Her actions left Ren spellbound. Despite hauling such a huge
shield, she moved faster than an Olympic athlete, quickly closing the distance to the skeleton.
Raising her shield, she smashed it against her hapless victim. The skeleton flew back and
crashed against a wall, breaking apart into nothing but piles of shattered bone. Shaking his
head, he quickly picked his jaw off the floor and followed through the opening Mash made,
both of them whirling around so the skeletons were now only in front of them rather than
surrounding them.
“Right, let’s go, Mash!” Ren yelled.
Mash nodded. “Yes, senpai!”
She immediately charged back into the fray, her shield once more raised and smashing
through another skeleton. Ren looked over at where the skeleton was destroyed and picked
up its sword. The blade had snapped in half, now resembling more a dagger than a sword.
Ren smirked. Good.
Charging forward, he ran up to one of the skeletons that was trying to flank Mash. Moving
low, he got a few slashes in before the skeleton swung its sword, causing him to hop back to
dodge it. He frowned. For a bag of bones, it was surprisingly resilient. He wished Futaba was
here to give him support, but she wasn’t, so he had to make do. Reaching up to his face, he
made to cover it with his hand, giving the skeleton another smirk. He could feel his body
heating up and a familiar laughter echoing through his head.
“Come, Arsene!”

Blue flames erupted from behind Ren as his Persona appeared. Clad in red and a top hat, its
black wings stretched out as his flaming face flashed a malevolent grin. It towered easily over
the skeletons and everyone else present. Ren grinned at the feeling of his old friend at his
back once more. “Ravage them!” he roared. Arsene laughed as he flew forward. Swinging his
heeled feet, he cleaved through a skeleton and caused a geyser of darkness to erupt under
another, shattering the former and dissolving the latter.
Mash had destroyed two skeletons herself but stopped to watch flabbergasted at Ren’s
actions. “M-Master, how… what…?” Unfortunately, she had neglected the last skeleton, who
raised a spear and thrust. She barely got her shield up in time, the impact causing her to slide
a few feet back. Ren scowled and was prepared to summon Arsene once more when –
“Zorro!”
A gust of sharp wind blew in, slicing the skeleton’s arm, then the rest of him, away. Ren
looked over and saw Morgana once more. He was now in his metaverse form – a cartoon-like
bipedal cat that barely reached up to his knee, with a far too large head. In his hands was one
of the skeleton’s swords. He leaped down from the rubble and grinned up at Ren. “Really,
Joker? I know you had a newbie with you, but I didn’t expect you to get THAT rusty,” he
commented smugly. “Guess it was a good idea I came with you after all.”
Ren had to chuckle. “Yeah, you were right, Morgana,” he replied with a smug grin to match
his. Then his grin smoothed out to a gentle smile. “Thanks for being here.”
Morgana chuckled. “Always got your back, Joker.”
“U-Um…”
Ren and Morgana turned to Mash, who was staring at the two of them in confusion. “A-are
you two mages?” she asked. “What kind of magecraft was that? And…” She looked over at
Morgana. “Who… or what…. Are you? I haven’t seen anything like you before.”
Morgana grinned. “Glad you asked, Miss Kyrielight! I’m the ever-awesome Morgana! I help
out Joker here and he wouldn’t have gotten nearly as far as he did without me!” Ren just
rolled his eyes and smiled good-naturedly. Morgana liked to be full of himself a lot of the
time, but it was harmless. Besides, watching Mash’s confusion was amusing, as it always
was.
“Oh, um, a pleasure to meet you, Morgana,” she said with a bow (after she set her shield
aside). “But… you called senpai Joker? Is that some sort of nickname or…?”
The transformed cat glanced over at Ren. “It’s a nickname, yeah, from our other work,” he
explained vaguely. “Force of habit – don’t worry too much about it.” That mildly surprised
Ren. Normally Morgana was deeply insistent on code names since they didn’t know what
shouting their real names would happen in the Metaverse. But then, they weren’t in the
Metaverse, were they? And besides, no doubt Morgana had been briefed about the situation
from Igor as well. This was all too real for all of them.

Suddenly, a blue light popped up beside them. All of them dropped to combat stance as the
blue light resolved itself into… an image of Roman. “Right, I finally got through!” he said,
his voice tinged with desperation and relief. “Hello? This is Chaldea Command Room! Do
you read me?” Mash opened her mouth to respond before Roman continued talking. “Wait,
these readings… Ren, are these magic circuits? And a crest? You didn’t have any just a
moment ago! Where did you – how did you –“ Something grabbed his attention and he
looked down and saw Morgana. A few seconds passed. Then…
“WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU?!?”
Ren sighed, facepalming. There was a lot to explain, wasn’t there.

Chapter 3: From Bad to Worse
Chapter Summary

Exploring the Singularity after a disaster just leads to one frustration after another.

Chapter Notes

Yes, I know what I said about daily uploads. I have a lot of spare time at work and I
wanted to write. Hush.
I'll be blunt. I'm not particularly proud of this chapter. As a new fanfic writer, I'm
struggling between adapting word for word what happened in the game and condensing
it to make it an entertaining read, using my own paraphrasing or just kind of adlibbing
the general notes of the plot as I go. The pace is all over, some of it feeling rushed and
some of it too long. Frankly, I'm also thinking the pace is plodding and trying to speed
things up along, which results in this messy piece of work here.
Honestly, it would probably be served better with a rewrite and working it from there.
However, if I go back and rewrite it now, especially so early, I'll lose what momentum I
have here, and chances are all too good I'll never be able to continue the story out of
frustration and procrastination. So for now, I'm just gonna bite the bullet and put this
out. Once more, I'm sorry for making you guys sit and read through this. I'm still
learning and with any luck, it'll get better. I hope.
So with that, I hope you'll find this at least readable. I'm honestly not sure I do.

It had been a trying explanation overall. Roman gawked over Morgana as he tried to process
precisely what the hell he was. According to the sensors, he was a living creature… and that
was about it. Nothing they had in their records could match up what Morgana was – not an
animal (though cat was a closer comparison) or a familiar. The closest classification they had
was a ‘Monstrous Beast’, which he took great offense to.
“I’m not some beast or a monster!” he shouted in protest. “I am Morgana! The most I’ll let
you call me is a cat or a person, but not anything else!”
It took a lot of reassurances from Roman that it wasn’t a form of insult – it was literally just a
species classification used to describe creatures like chimeras, hydras, or kelpies (Ren jolted a
bit at that last one). That seemed to settle down Morgana a bit, though he still grumbled how
he was a ‘fine, one-of-a-kind cat’ as opposed to everything else. Ren thought that being rated

the same as mythological beings like those would be a bit of a compliment compared to just a
cat but he wisely held his tongue. No need to turn Morgana’s wrath on him.
In turn, Ren found his brain spinning at the amount of information that was unloaded. First
Mash was now something called a Servant, but not really as she had taken in a Heroic Spirit
into her body as opposed to it manifesting. He was a Master now, which meant he could…
command her? Well, not quite, but more channel prana into her as essentially upkeep for her
superhuman powers. He could actually command her with the fittingly named Command
Seals – the tattoo he had on his right hand. Said seals could either force her to do something
or, if their desires both matched up, provide a considerable power boost to whatever action he
ordered. He only had three uses though, which recharged within a day.
Ren’s mind locked on to the mention of ‘heroic spirits’ though. Roman gave him a quick
summation of them: Spirits of heroes and legends past that can be summoned from the
Throne of Heroes to fight in something called a Holy Grail War. There were two terms that
Ren latched on to: The Throne of Heroes and the Holy Grail War. The Throne of Heroes had
been mentioned by Lavenza and Ren began putting together the contextual hints. It must be
the residing place of all these spirits of heroes and legends. He doubted he would have the
same access to the Throne as he did the Velvet Room, but Lavenza did mention that its
existence was a parallel. He’d have to find out more about it, but perhaps he could work that
to his advantage.
The next term caused his heart to drop to his stomach, though he carefully moderated his
expression. Morgana’s fur hackled a bit though he did the same. The Holy Grail War. There
was only one Holy Grail that they both knew of, and neither of them had great experiences
with it. A being that was born from the apathy of the citizens of Tokyo, in the form of a
twisted granter of wishes. To fulfill the wish of having something or someone else think and
make decisions for everyone else as opposed standing up and living their own lives. Ren still
remembered the prisons at the bottom of Mementos, how the shadows of everyone was
content to live within their cells, convinced they were in paradise rather than what it truly
was.
However, that information was currently irrelevant to the situation at hand. Communication
was getting increasingly staticky and would cut off soon enough. Roman quickly pointed out
a leyline terminal they could get to, uploading the coordinates which displayed on Ren’s
Chaldea-issued watch. Soon after, communication was cut off, and it was just him and Mash.
All parties had an inordinate number of questions, but until they could resolve this
Singularity and get back to Chaldea, none of them could be answered. At least they had an
objective to go to. Ren certainly didn’t miss when they just kind of winged it through Palaces
during the early days of the Phantom Thieves.
As they trekked, both Ren and Morgana could only take in the bleak surroundings. It looked
like a modern city but struck by some sort of calamity that turned it all into ruin. Buildings
and structures were crumbled, roads torn up and broken, revealing metallic skeletons
underneath. Flames were ever present from heaven knows how many sources, covering the
area in sweltering heat and unbearable smoke. The latter rose into the night sky, reflecting the
glow of the fires, bathing the location in an ominous light. There might have been one or two
corpses they saw, but they weren’t sure, nor were they in any hurry to verify.

“This is horrible,” Morgana whispered as he trotted alongside Ren. Ren could only mutely
nod. They had been through some horrible locations in the past – Mementos, the Prison of
Regression, and Tokyo when Mementos started merging with the real world. Such eldritch
locations inspired terror and horror for anyone who saw them. But those locations felt like
places they could fight against and defy. That they could trace back to the source and
ultimately take it down. But this… this ruined, desolate place felt too familiar for their liking.
It was a situation that could happen at any time, and they couldn’t do anything to stop it.
Even if they tracked it down to the source, the city would still be ruined and burning. This
wasn’t a disaster they could prevent – it already happened.
“It’s quiet, Senpai,” Mash murmured as they marched. Ren listened. Besides the roar of
flames all around them, it was indeed eerily quiet. No screams or shouts of survivors, no
sounds of rescue vehicles, not even collapsing rubble. Once or twice, he could hear the rattle
of bones from other skeletons, but other than that, there was nothing. “I thought modern cities
were noisier than this. Even in disasters, there would be… something. Is this what it’s like,
senpai?”
Ren shook his head. “No, that shouldn’t be the case,” he replied, keeping an eye out for
anything hostile. “A city always has its own noises. Cars going by, people chatting, things
like that. It can be a bit… overwhelming at times. Even in a disaster, there’s still some noise
going on. People calling for help or shouting in panic, or sirens from ambulances and fire
trucks.” The closest was when people started noticing Mementos merging with the real
world, but Ren had seen and heard enough to get a general gist of things. “This kind of quiet
is not normal in the slightest. Just keep on your guard.” Mash nodded as they trekked onward
in silence, leaving everyone to their own thoughts. They were making good distance towards
the leyline and weren’t too far away. Then something landed on Ren.
“Fou, kyu!”
Mash turned around in surprise. “Fou!” she cried out. The white little creature barked out
happily before leaping off Ren’s shoulders to Mash’s own, nuzzling against her. She laughed
as she reached up to pet it. “You must’ve been Rayshifted with us too. It’s good to see you
safe, Fou.” Fou barked out in agreement. Ren had to smile. Rayshifted… that probably was
how they got here in the first place, whatever the term actually meant. Still, it was good to
see Mash happier. He reached over to pet Fou as well, and the little beast nuzzled Ren’s own
hand as well. Fou stopped and jumped off Mash’s shoulders, walking forward to sniff
Morgana – who completely froze in place, his fur standing on end. This, despite the fact that
Fou only came up to the bottom of his head.
Ren couldn’t help but laugh. “Wow, Mona,” he sarcastically commented with a gigantic grin.
“I know you accepted that you’re a cat but I didn’t think you would take it this far.” It
definitely looked like a little dog sniffing at a cat, and seeing the ever-confident, capable
Morgana completely petrified by the small creature sent him over the edge. He needed the
laugh after all the stress that had been building up so far. He wished so dearly that he had his
phone so he could take a picture but he had left it back in his room. The other Thieves
would’ve gotten a kick out of it, and Ryuji would never, EVER let Morgana hear the end of
it.

Morgana scowled at Ren. “I-It’s not because i-it’s a d-dog!” he growled out, trying to not let
fear into his voice – and failing spectacularly. Fou sniffed a little closer at Morgana who went
even more rigid in response, even holding his breath as he did his absolute best to stay utterly
still. Eventually, Fou lost interest and hopped back up on Mash’s shoulder, causing Morgana
to breathe a sigh of relief… and glower at Ren as he still had that gigantic grin. “You better
not mention this to the others,” he snapped.
“No promises,” Ren replied. Morgana could only groan.
A scream rang out in the air, immediately breaking the mirth of the group. All three began
racing to the location of the sound, soon coming to yet another clearing within the rubble.
There was the Director, backing off from another group of skeletons, fear wide in her eyes as
she babbled incomprehensively, firing off orbs of magic at the skeletons who barely seemed
to even slow down. Mash charged in first, her shield immediately crushing a skeleton’s head
before whipping around and smashing another one to pieces. Ren summoned Arsene and
obliterated another. Morgana moved to cover Olga, making sure nothing else would sneak up
on her.
Thankfully, with the last skeleton, the coast was clear. “Area secure! Are you alright,
Director?” Mash asked, looking towards the young woman.
Olga looked between all of them, trying to catch her breath. “Y-yes, Mash, thank you,” she
breathed. Then her eyes widened. “Wait, wait, wait, what’s going on here?!” She jabbed a
finger at Ren. “You! You were a magus?! Since when?! Our data showed you had no circuits
or crests or ANYTHING when you came! Mash! How did you become a Demi-Servant?! Or
rather, why was it successful now of all times?!” And YOU!” She in turn pointed to
Morgana. “What in the Root are YOU?!?” Her voice was getting higher and higher with each
word from a combination of hysteria, panic, and good old-fashioned anger.
Morgana glared up at Olga. “Quiet down!” he growled. “Do you want to attract every single
skeleton within a five-kilometer radius? You’re doing a good job of that right now!” Olga’s
eyes practically bulged outrage but she saw the logic in Morgana’s words and said nothing
else. The cat being breathed a sigh of relief, lowering his rusty scimitar. “Right, that’s one
person secured. Joker, what’s the leyline location again? I’m sure we’re close to it by now.”
Ren checked. “We’re right on top of it, actually,” he replied, blinking.
Olga blinked then cleared her throat. “A leyline you said?” she clarified, trying to regain
control of the situation and her authority. “Mash, place your shield on the ground. I’m going
to create a summoning circle with your Noble Phantasm. With it, we should be able to
contact Chaldea and figure out our situation, possibly even summon up whatever supplies
they can summon our way.” Mash nodded and got to work. Olga turned to Ren and Morgana.
“And you two – as soon as we get back to Chaldea, you both will be contained for
questioning. No one just suddenly gets magic circuits and a crest out of thin air, and even less
so with a familiar.” she snapped, glaring at the two of them.
Morgana bristled at the threat but his reaction was nothing compared to Ren. The temperature
seemed to drop several degrees as his glare bore into the Director, the older woman
unconsciously even stepping back from his wrath. At ‘contained for questioning,’ his mind

immediately flashed back to the interrogation room, surrounded by men who beat him up and
drugged him, forcing him to sign a false confession. “I don’t think that’s a good idea,
Director Animusphere,” he replied, his voice deathly quiet with grey eyes like steel. Arsene
pulsed in his mind, ready to amplify and give shape to Ren’s rage. It was only what little
sense Ren still had that he hadn’t summoned him.
The Director was speechless, mouth gaping, trying to muster whatever courage she could to
argue against him before Mash called out, “It’s ready, Director!” Olga looked over at Mash,
blinking, before breaking off to head to the shield. This boy was inconsequential, she
reasoned. A civilian who suddenly gained circuits with some sort of familiar and just
happened to be a conveniently close Master for Mash. He wasn’t a proper Magus. There was
no threat to him. Chaldea would be able to deal with him and his without issue and they
could figure things out from there.
Yet as she walked, she could feel his eyes boring into her back. It felt like she had chains
wrapped around her throat.
When the image of Roman showed up, they were all updated on the situation. The group in
the ruins hoped for some sort of good news, reinforcements, supplies, or just an easy way out.
There wasn’t.
80% of Chaldea had been rendered nonfunctional. Less than twenty employees survived the
explosion. The other Master candidates were all in critical condition and were placed under
cryo preservation under Olga’s hurried orders. The Rayshift equipment was damaged so they
had no way out nor any way to send supplies. Roman was the one reporting the situation in
the first place because there was literally no one else: Anyone higher ranking was dead, Lev
Lainur among them, much to Olga’s despondence. Just hearing the numbers made Ren pale.
The normally boastful Morgana couldn’t say anything either.
Then came the final question: What about Ren and Morgana? There was a brief discussion
but an agreement soon came – they weren’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. Wherever
Ren got his magic circuits and crest from and what Morgana was was completely irrelevant
to the situation on hand. The facts of the matter were that Ren had tactical talent, an aptitude
for being a Master, and more importantly surprisingly potent magecraft that no one had ever
seen. The fact that Morgana could utilize the same magecraft and had decent combat ability
was also something they can’t overlook. With the situation as critical as it was, they needed
every little advantage they could get.
Ren noted they were speaking as if though they could collect supplies and personnel from
outside to replenish their ranks and repair the damage. Ren knew the truth but said nothing.
He couldn’t reveal how he came by this info. And he desperately held on to a sliver of (false)
hope. There had to be people who survived outside, right? These were mages, people who
used literal magic! They could do anything, right?
A tiny voice in his head – not Arsene – told him otherwise.

As they marched, the Director berated Ren for not paying attention to the orientation and
began explaining the situation: The point of Chaldeas was to safeguard the future of
humanity at all costs. They had created the technology and magic for it and was approved by
the U.N. According to their calculations, humanity was supposed to end in 2018 (about a year
later), and there was a Singularity that theoretically caused it – the Singularity they were in
now, for that matter. Once they solved the Singularity, then theoretically humanity should be
able to continue for at least another hundred years. Once more, Ren had to bite his tongue.
“Right, we’ll stop here for now,” Olga stated once they came to the Great Fuyuki Bridge.
“Mash, you’re wounded. Come here.” Ren blinked as he looked over, seeing Olga hold a
hand over a small wound Mash had. A glowing light issues as the wound closed and healed
itself. The Director nodded with satisfaction. “Good. If you take any more injuries, let me
know as soon as possible,” she commanded. With that, she took off to take a look around the
area. Ren huffed as he sat back against a car, Morgana joining him.
“Man, what’s her deal?” Morgana groused, glaring in the direction of Olga. “First she yells at
us, then she threatens to throw us into prison –“ Ren gave an imperceptible shudder at the
mention of that. “Then she marches us all over the place, looking for… what? At least back
then, we knew there was a Treasure we needed to find a secure a route to! Some leader she is.
We’re no better right now than chickens with our heads cut off right now.” Ren glanced
wearily in her location, just shaking his head. He definitely felt more sore and tired than
usual, and it wasn’t just the hike. Maybe it was from his new abilities?
“Cut her some slack, guys,” Roman’s voice echoed from Ren’s watch as a little hologram
screen appeared. “Olga wasn’t even supposed to have this position. She was just supposed to
be a Master candidate. But then the acting director, her father, died just three years ago and
she had to take up his job. Then she found she had absolutely no aptitude as a Master, and
between that and just running Chaldea and she’s…” Roman sighed, running a hand through
his orange hair. “She’s under considerable strain, as you can tell. I know you two wouldn’t
know this but both lineage and accomplishments are huge deals in Magi culture. If it’s
perceived she screwed up or is in any way lacking, then she’ll be a black mark to the house of
Animusphere and only invite a lot of trouble.”
Morgana’s eyes softened. “So, she’s someone forced to take up a mantle far too big for her
and under a huge amount of pressure from society to succeed, no matter what gets in her
way,” he summed up quietly. “Sounds familiar, huh Joker?” Ren could only nod. He could
certainly attest to it. Makoto was forced to be the perfect model student no matter what,
unable to act on her own justice because of it. Her older sister Sae resorted to extreme means
to keep ahead of everyone else in the vicious world of law and courtrooms. Sumire was
constantly compared to her older sister and broke after said sister died, to the point of having
Maruki essentially hypnotize her into believing she was her older sister, Kasumi. He
wondered what would happen if she was taken to the Metaverse. Would she eventually snap
and Awaken to her own Persona?
Ren shook his head. No. The less people – Especially magi – knew about the Metaverse, the
better.

A couple minutes later, they were back on the march again. They were hassled by yet more
skeletons but Mash made short work of them. Any that slipped by or tried to ambush them
were met with either Ren’s Arsene or Morgana’s Zorro (Olga’s eyes twitched whenever she
saw either of the Personas but made no comment on them). Whenever either Mash or Olga
tried prodding them for information, they either gave vague answers or just didn’t answer
them entirely. They felt a bit worse to Mash as her questions were polite and innocent, and
only explained it to her that they needed to be kept secret. The Director, they were curter, if
only because she wouldn’t stop bugging them otherwise.
It proved to be slow, unproductive going, however. Roman didn’t detect any particular
signals that would lead to the source of the Singularity, and the aimless wandering wasn’t
doing any favors for Ren or Morgana. They were tired, sore, and hot. With each skeleton that
showed up and they fended off, it only got worse. After the latest bout with yet another pack,
Olga called out, “Stop.” Ren and Morgana looked up to see the Director marching up to
them, her sharp eyes impatient. Morgana once more bristled as Ren glared at her, but this
time she didn’t seem to care. Instead, she thrust a hand forward and… laid it on Ren’s
forehead. Her frown deepened but it wasn’t out of anger. “You’re not used to utilizing magic
circuits, are you?” she asked rhetorically. She looked about, then pointed to the ruins of a
church. “We’re resting there. Neither of you are to use any magecraft until you’ve recovered,
understood?”
Under normal circumstances neither of them would listen to her orders, but this one was a
sensible one at least. They made their way to the church, where Ren and Morgana collapsed
against a wall and Mash huddled nearby with her shield. Olga scoured through the ruins
looking for something, then came across her target: cups. Her own magic circuits warming
again, she muttered an aria that cleaned whatever filth had gotten on them, then filled them
with water, drawing whatever moisture was in the air and putting it in a cup. They were
simple mysteries that just about anyone with a rudimentary education from the Clock Tower
could do.
She passed the cups of water to each person. Mash quietly thanked her, with Ren and
Morgana both looking at her in surprise before taking their own cups. Morgana lapped at his
own cup while Ren slowly sipped his, allowing the cool water to trickle down and soothe his
parched throat. He hadn’t even realized how warm he was until he took the drink. Olga
herself sat down in front of them, drinking a mouthful of her own water. She gave the two a
critical look, then sighed. “You two don’t know anything about magic circuits – or crests – do
you?”
Ren glared at her, then shook his head. Much as he wanted to snap back at her, she had a
point. This gift of Igor’s wasn’t something he was familiar with at all, and unlike Personas, it
ran the risk of killing him. He was grateful he at least had his power to fight, but it was clear
it came with costs. Olga sighed deeply and ran a hand through her white hair. “This is why I
didn’t want civilians getting involved in the first place,” she grumbled before looking up at
the two.
“Right, I’ll give you the brief version,” she stated. “Magical circuits are a pseudo-nervous
system designed to convert your life force into magical energy and allows you to access the
Greater Magic Formulae – in laymen’s terms, it allows you to use magecraft and mysteries –

what most people call spells. Like how everyone’s born with a stomach or a heart or what
have you, you are born with a set number of magical circuits. Not everyone gets them,
however, and magical lineages came about not only to guarantee them, but to also increase
the quantity and quality of them with each passing generation. You can’t change the number
of circuits you have – not easily – and you certainly don’t just get them out of nowhere.” Olga
pinched her nose after that last statement to rein her temper back in. She took a deep breath,
then continued. “Circuits are comparable to organs. They need to be utilized and exercised to
strengthen them, but more importantly, like the muscles in your body, they can be
overworked. Have you noticed yourself heating up, feeling more exhausted or sore than you
typically are? That’s the effect of utilizing your magic circuits.”
“Magic crests, on the other hand, are circuits that have a magus has archived spells into. They
are hereditary, passing usually from family member to family member, as they each forge
some of their circuits into the crest,” she explained. She channeled prana throughout her
body, focusing on her own crest – a magic circle that glowed on her forehead. Olga pointed to
it in indication. “With this, you can cast any spell that has been recorded into it, even if you
didn’t learn it yourself. From what I can tell, you use your crest to utilize your… summoning
mystery. A mystery that I’ve never seen or even heard of before nor ever seen one that potent
and how exactly DO YOU GET SUCH A CREST OUT OF-!” Once more, she had to restrain
her temper, cutting herself off with a deeply annoyed grunt and lots of under the breath
grumblings.
Both Ren and Morgana listened attentively. While neither of them particularly liked the
Director, what she was saying made sense. Lavenza had emphasized that these magic circuits
and crest were both a blessing and a curse. They easily could see what that meant. They just
had to practice and train with it until they grew more familiar with them and their limitations.
Just like when they were utilizing Personas again, only this time much deadlier. And with the
fate of the world and humanity at stake. No pressure.
Once she calmed down, Olga glared at the two once more. “One last thing – as of right now,
only I, Mash, and Archaman know of your magic circuits and crest,” she growled. “If you
value your life, do not tell anyone outside of Chaldea of your circuits and crest. I will make
everyone else sign a geis if it ensures their silence. If you do, you’ll almost certainly receive a
Sealing Designation.” She paused, then closed her eyes in frustration. “Right. You don’t
know what a Sealing Designation is. To put it simply, they’ll capture you, hold you captive,
and dissect you to see how you gained them in the first place, as well as figure out your
unique mysteries. If you’re lucky, you’ll be dead when they do so. But they may just keep
you alive to see how you work.”
Both Ren and Morgana paled (well, Morgana was harder to tell with his fur but his eyes
widening was sign enough) at the information. Ren immediately thought back to Igor’s
warning about not letting any other mage know about the Velvet Room. Now he could see
why. If mages had this much of a disregard for human life and would quickly resort to
dissection and human experimentation, then there was no telling to what ends they would go
to know more. They both nodded at the information.
Still, it was like Roman said. Olga didn’t seem like a bad person. Just a person at the wrong
time and the wrong place. She was trying to help them.

Ren looked over at Mash, who was huddled in the corner, keeping to herself. “Mash? Are
you alright?” he asked, looking over at her in concern. Maybe she was wounded or
something? But the Director had been taking care of any accumulated injuries. Was it
something else?
Mash shook her head. “No, senpai, it’s…” She hesitated. “The heroic spirit that merged with
me. I don’t know his True Name, and I don’t know his Noble Phantasm. I’m sorry I’m so
useless.”
Ren blinked. True Name? Noble Phantasm? Seeing Ren’s confusion, Olga once more jumped
into lecture mode. “Every heroic spirit has a True Name,” she explained. “A Servant is
summoned under one of seven classes: Saber, Archer, Lancer, Rider, Caster, Assassin, and
Berserker. They typically go by their class names because if their actual names were
revealed, you would know their weakness. For example, if I told you a Servant was, say,
Achilles, what weakness do you think he would have?”
The answer came immediately. “His heel, right?”
Olga nodded. “Exactly. Hence why any Master avoids using their Servant’s true name as
much as possible. As for Noble Phantasms, they are the crystallization of the heroic spirit’s
legend. Think of it as something that defined their life or their legend. For example, if I say
King Arthur, what’s the thing you would immediately think of?”
Again, the answer came immediately. “Excalibur?”
“Right again. A Noble Phantasm is just as indicative of a Servant’s identity as it is their
name, and in this case is their trump card. Once used, you might as well use a foghorn to
announce who your Servant is and leave them easy pickings since Noble Phantasms often eat
up a lot of prana.” She turned to look over at Mash, her gaze sympathetic. “Don’t worry
Mash. We didn’t expect a demi-Servant merging to go perfectly. As soon as we get out of
here, we’ll have you contracted with a proper Master. With one, we should be able to find out
the heroic spirit’s true name and Noble Phantasm soon enough.”
“Oh? No Noble Phantasm? It must be my lucky day then.”
All four of them started as a voice echoed throughout the ruins. Perched on a broken beam
was a woman wearing a cloak. While most of her face wasn’t visible, her smirk was could be
seen in the dim light of the nearby fires. There was a rattle of chains as her hands shifted,
revealing a long, sharp spike. Though her clothes were short, skintight, and alluring, Ren
could practically feel the danger radiate off of her. The watch beeped as Roman’s panicked
voice came through. “Guys, watch out! This isn’t just some skeleton or monster! That’s a
Servant!”
The Servant’s smirk widened as the fear grew. “Ah, and here I was hoping to surprise you all.
No matter. All the Masters in this place are dead, and there are no humans to take prana from.
You’ll be my first meal in a while.” She licked her lips as she held up the spike. “Don’t worry
– I’ll make this quick. Or perhaps I’ll play with you instead. It has been a while since I’ve
had some entertainment…”

With that, she launched herself at speeds that Ren had beforehand never seen before. Mash
raised her shield and the Servant’s spikes crashed into them with resounding force, causing a
shockwave to radiate out into the air as she slid back a couple feet. “Oh, not too bad, little
girl!” she called over in mock admiration. “I think you’ll be fun to play around with. But
first…” She vanished into thin air and reappeared right behind Olga, spike raised. “A snack,”
she remarked with a grin.
“Zorro!” Morgana called out. A large, top-heavy musketeer with a confident grin appeared
behind Morgana in an explosion of blue flames. A large boxing glove mounted on a spring
appeared in midair. Zorro pointed with his rapier and the boxing glove punched. The Servant
raised her spikes to block it, sending her flying away. Morgana scowled as he raised his rusty
sword once more. He was capable and clever, he knew that much, but even he knew at first
glance that he was outmatched a thousand times over.
“My, what an interesting power,” the Servant remarked with a grin. “I would almost consider
it on par of a low-level heroic spirit. Almost. But that won’t be enough to defeat me-“ Her
words were interrupted by a gout of darkness erupting from the ground near her foot. Her
grin turned into a scowl as she jumped away when –
“Mash, now!”
Suddenly a huge metal shield slammed into her side, sending her crashing into a nearby wall.
Before she could recover, a gust of wind blew over, cutting her up. With a scream of
frustration and pain, she jumped up into the air. Her wounds weeping with blood and her
expression feral, she had had enough of these humans. She was about to leap down on that
accursed girl with the shield, when a flash of blue flames and red clothes appeared just out of
her peripheral vision, and she was slammed down into the ground. Before she could recover,
Mash charged up, and with a wild cry, lifted her shield and smashed it down on her head. The
Servant stopped moving at once, dissolving into golden light.
Mash, Ren, and Morgana panted, catching their breath, with the latter two adjusting to once
more utilizing their magic circuits. They both felt warmer and tired, but not unduly so. They
just needed to pace themselves more. But… that was a Servant. It was supposed to be a spirit,
but it lived, breathed, and talked like a person. A sadistic, bloodthirsty one, yes, but a person
nevertheless. When the Phantom Thieves came about, they had sworn that they would never
kill. Their objective was to expose the crimes of those who stood too high above everyone
else, not exact vengeance or carve a path of blood for their justice.
Before they could ruminate more, however, another ping from the watch came through.
“Guys, I’m detecting more Servants coming your way! That first Servant must have attracted
their attention!” Roman called out. “Get out of there, now!”
That snapped all of them out of their reverie. “Come on, get moving!” Morgana shouted,
immediately taking off with his feet moving so fast they almost blurred into circles. Ren
immediately ran after him, followed by Olga with Mash keeping a rearguard. They just made
it back to the Fuyuki Bridge when suddenly leaped down from above – a gaunt-looking
person, covered in shadow, perched on one of the cars, staring right at them. They turned
around, but before they could run, another shadow-covered figure appeared. Standing tall and
broad, he held a naginata in his hand with multiple more on his back.

The four grouped up. Mash scowled. She could fight off one Servant here, but that would
leave the other free impunity to attack everyone else. Ren and Morgana looked between the
two. They were surrounded once more, but unlike with those skeletons, there wasn’t an easy
way to break out. Not with two incredibly strong opponents here. They could still use their
Personas, but how much could they use them before burning through all their energy? Not for
the last time did Ren and Morgana curse they didn’t have any Metaverse tools with them to
help them out here.
Then before any of them could act, a swarm of fireballs flew through the air and crashed into
the naginata-wielding Servant. The Servant raised his polearm to block the flames, but
because of the suddenness of the attack, many of them still burned him. Past him was a man
with blue hair and robe, wielding a wooden staff. Two white wolves were at his side, snarling
and thirsty for blood.
“Yo!” he called out cheerfully with a cocky grin. “Room for one more?”

Chapter 4: Onward
Chapter Summary

The group's challenges are only going to get worse from here on out. They'll need every
advantage they can get.

Chapter Notes

Okay, at this point I only have myself to blame for giving you guys unreasonable
expectations for my upload schedule. It comes from having nothing to do at work and
having a LOT of stuff to write.
Anyway, I was never the greatest at combat scenes. I only hope you guys enjoy this one.
Let me know what you think.
On another note, what does everyone think of the lengths of my chapters? Other great
fanfics I've read have much longer lengths and I'm worried mine are a bit too short.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There was only a brief pause as anyone just stared at the newcomer – a standoff that was
soon broken as the shadowed naginata user turned to fully face the man in blue. Ren
immediately took action. “Mona, cover him!” he commanded. “Mash, with me!” Mash
blinked with surprise, then nodded as they both turned toward the other man, still skulking on
the car.
A beep echoed from the watch as Roman contacted them again. “Data confirmed!” he called
out. “The one with the naginata is a Lancer class Servant, and the other is an Assassin class!
The latter is considered generally the weakest of the Servant typings, but don’t underestimate
it!” Ren nodded in acknowledgement. An Assassin? Well, that’s interesting for sure. As Mash
raised her shield to confront her new foe and the Assassin tensed up, ready to spring, Ren
smirked as he could only wonder one thing:
Who was better: An Assassin, or a Phantom Thief?
“Oh, you’re leaving this guy to me?” the man in blue asked, a grin splitting his face. “Nice!
I’ve got a bone to pick with him anyway!” The shadow Lancer said nothing as it raised its
naginata once more to face him. The man’s grin turned vicious. “Hey bastard, you’re in my
favorite class. Hope you’re prepared to hold onto it.” The shadowed Lancer said nothing,

simply whirling its naginata in preparation to strike – then stumbled as a gust of cutting wind
slammed into it from behind.
The shadow Lancer turned to face Morgana, ready to cut him down, only for his original
target to call out, “Where are you looking?!” Roots sprung from the ground, wrapping around
the shadow Lancer as Morgana charged forward. The shadow Lancer was already tearing
through the roots as he leaped over his head, another boxing glove appearing and bashing
him on the head, causing the blackened Servant to collapse. Morgana ran to the blue man’s
side to stand alongside him.
“Heh, you got moves, kitty cat,” the blue man complimented as he swung his staff once
more. Bright orange runes appeared in midair, firing another salvo of fireballs at the Lancer.
Morgana took action as well, using Zorro to send yet another gust of wind. It overtook the
fireballs, fueling them until they looked like a mass of small meteors hurling toward the
shadow Lancer. The hapless Servant barely ripped out of the roots in time to raise his
naginata. The first fireball broke the weapon in half, while leaving it helpless as it was soon
engulfed in flames.
They both watched attentively and just as they were about to move on to assist the others, the
shadow Lancer burst out of the flames, completely immolating, with a sword drawn. The
man in blue scowled and jumped back, but not before getting a cut on his shoulder. Before
the shadow Lancer could push the attack, Morgana charged in, swinging his sword at the
back of its knee as hard as he could. The blade lodged into its leg, causing it to collapse on
one knee. The druid charged in before it could get back up, his wooden staff now on fire, and
swung hard at its head. The shadow Lancer’s head exploded in a burst of flame and
collapsed, dissipating into golden dust as well.
Morgana looked over at his new ally, then blinked at his wound. “Here, lemme get that for
you,” Morgana said. Zorro reappeared one more time, drawing a pattern in the air with his
rapier. The man in blue glowed green as the wound sealed up. Zorro faded for the last time as
Morgana took a heavy breath, feeling the heat coming off his aching body. Okay, yep, he
definitely pushed himself a bit harder than he expected.
Meanwhile, the druid looked over at where the wound was, rotating his shoulder to test it,
then nodded. “Not bad, cat,” the man in blue complimented, grinning down at Morgana.
“Let’s check in on the others, yeah? They’re probably having a harder time with Assassin
than we did with Lancer.”
Ren had to admit, this was a lot more difficult than he expected.
The shadow Assassin didn’t bother fighting Mash directly, opting instead to just leap out of
the way when she charged with her shield. Instead, it took the far smart and practical option
of aiming at Ren, throwing daggers at him with frightening speed. Mash barely managed to
get back in time to block the first volley, but as the shadow Assassin simply moved about
throwing more daggers, Mash was forced to stay close to Ren to ward them off. With its
speed, Ren could barely track where Assassin was going and at times he seemed to just wink
out of existence entirely. It wouldn’t be long before Assassin won either by a lucky dagger

getting by Mash’s guard or tiring her out, letting it move in for the kill. It might even be an
effective tactic if it was any other ordinary person or mage.
Fortunately, Ren was anything but ordinary.
Ren instead relaxed his body, focusing on his vision. The world around him darkened as
points of interest became highlighted. The Third Eye was a gift that he had retained ever
since the false Igor had given it to him during his past adventures, and it came in handy no
small number of times. He hadn’t used it for anything too importantly lately – it saw the most
mileage when he used it to find something he lost in his room or just nearby – but in this
case, it was the perfect tool. He could track the Assassin now, seeing its movements as a blue
blur. Sure, it was still difficult to track, but it was far easier now, his eyes following his every
move.
The Assassin seemed to notice that Ren was tracking him too well. It moved faster, throwing
more daggers at him. Several made it past Mash’s shield but Ren was able to track the
daggers themselves and dodge them. Then the Assassin threw a particularly large flurry,
forcing Mash to hold up her shield and obscure their vision. When she lowered her shield, the
Assassin was gone. Ren’s mind moved quickly. He hadn’t seen it move to their flanks with
his peripheral vision. It didn’t seem to have the sense to retreat. It was going for another
attack, most likely. If he were a Phantom Thief and he had to throw an ambush in this
situation, he would do so…
“Mash, above us!”
The girl’s eyes widened. She raised her shield on reflex with Ren’s command – and just in the
nick of time, as a weight crashed on the shield with Assassin’s daggers grinding against the
metal. With a scowl, Ren summoned Arsene once more, his claws lashing out at the Assassin
who couldn’t dodge in time as it was knocked off to the ground. It clambered back up and
barely dodged as Mash charged at it, but then the spot it landed was engulfed in a geyser of
darkness. The Assassin hissed in pain and barely got its bearings when the top of the shield
smashed against its head, breaking its mask. The last thing the Assassin saw before the shield
descended on him once more was a demon clothed in red and wreathed with blue flame.
Ren breathed a sigh of relief as he leaned up against a ruined car, trying to cool down. Mash
looked about with a raised shield before lowering it, relaxing as well. “All enemy combatants
defeated,” she stated, smiling over at Ren. “Great work, senpai.” Ren gave Mash a tired grin.
It seemed no matter where he turned to here, his Phantom Thief gifts and experience was
paying dividends in spades. He would have to thank Igor and Lavenza later. The fact that the
Third Eye that allowed him to track Assassin was from the fake Igor was irrelevant.
“What. In the Root. Was that.”
He almost groaned in frustration as Olga stomped up once more. She had basically been
cowering as she tried to figure out what she could to or how to contribute in the battle. Before
she could decide on anything, it was already over. “You could track down Assassin’s
movements… somehow… and you didn’t use reinforcement on your eyes – I checked. What,
is that another one of your secret mysteries you got with your crest? Are you going to just…
pull out True Magic from your pocket or something at this rate?!”

True Magic? That was an odd term. Wasn’t everything they were doing basically magic
anyway? Still, Ren didn’t feel like asking, nor did he exactly feel like humoring her. He
merely flashed her a tired smirk. “Nope. Just a little talent of mine,” he replied. It was
satisfying watching Olga’s face morph into different colors as she struggled to find a good
response to his words. Just because she wasn’t that bad a person overall didn’t mean he
would let her off easy for her attitude. He dealt with enough arrogant blowhards throughout
his lifetime. Mash could only watch, looking back and forth between the two with wide eyes
as if it was some sort of particularly heated tennis match.
Before she could say anything, a voice called out. “Oi! Came to help but looks like you guys
got it covered!” The three looked over to see both the man in blue and Morgana sauntering
toward them. Morgana looked a bit more exhausted but fine as always while the man just had
an easy grin on his face. “You kids are pretty damn capable, nice work. Especially you two,”
he nodded at Ren and Morgana. “Dunno what kind of magecraft that was but can’t say it’s
not useful as hell. And you too, shield girl! I can’t tell what class you are, but you know how
to take a hit! Moves are a bit sloppy though.”
Mash blushed a bit and bowed at the newcomer. “I’m inexperienced but thank you for the
compliment!” she stammered out.
That only caused the druid to laugh in turn. “Ah, lighten up, I’m sure you’ll get the hang of
it,” he replied, waving off her apology. Then he raised an eyebrow as Olga glared at him.
“Look, thank you for your help, but we don’t know who you are and why we should trust
you,” she said, trying to glare down the new Servant. “For all we know, you could be trying
to get us to lower our guards before attacking us from behind. What class are you and what
are your goals?”
The man in blue sighed and walked forward with a deadpan expression. Everyone tensed up,
ready at a moment’s notice to strike. He raised his hand… and flicked Olga in the forehead,
causing her to flinch and cradle the spot, glaring speechlessly at him in shock. “Calm down,
girlie, I’m not here for anything devastating like that, else we wouldn’t be talking in the first
place,” he replied, speaking as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “Anyway, I’m a
Caster. Was supposed to be the Caster of this Holy Grail War, but honestly everything’s gone
to shit – City was suddenly engulfed in flames and all the humans, Masters included, just
vanished. The Saber here went nuts and has been going around killing all the other Servants,
who come back corrupted by the black mud. So like that Lancer and Assassin.” He pointed at
the two spots where the shadow Servants had been to emphasize his point. “I’m the last
Servant remaining in the Holy Grail War that she has to kill. And I’ll tell you this much –
she’s bad news. You really don’t want her to win.”
Caster then looked over at the group. “But still, what are you lot doing here? You’re the only
humans I’ve seen here in a while, and with that kind of magecraft you’re packing, as well as
a Servant, no way I wouldn’t have known about you sooner.”
Ren, Mash, and Morgana looked at each other as Olga processed the information. Olga
sighed and took it upon herself to explain the whole situation: Their mission, the
Singularities, and how they were looking for the source here before they were attacked by the
shadow Servants. Caster rubbed his chin thoughtfully as he considered his options.

“Well, we just took down Lancer and Assassin,” he pondered. “And from the description, you
also took down Rider as well. That leaves Saber, Archer, and Berserker left.” He shrugged.
“Well, that makes our job easier, but not by much. Archer guards Saber and is a real piece of
work. Saber is another matter altogether. And Berserker….” He shuddered. “You don’t want
to fight him. So long as we don’t enter his territory, we should be okay. But otherwise, nope.”
Ren and Morgana blinked in surprise at Caster’s judgement. Caster gave off a kind of cool
confidence that was more than reassuring, but if even he suggested not dealing with
Berserker, they would take his word for it.
Caster grinned once more. “Alright, I think I know the solution here.” That perked up
everyone, eager for information. “The cause of the Singularity is most likely the Greater
Grail. Thing’s been pouring out malevolent prana this whole time, with Saber watching over
it like a baby. We deal with that and Saber, we’ll probably fix this mess. So, with that in
mind, how about you make a temporary contract with me? I wanna just deal with this so I
don’t have to continue being hunted down, and you guys want this whole situation fixed. It’s
a win-win! Though…” He looked between Olga, Ren, and Morgana. He first turned to Olga.
“Sorry. You got a lotta great circuits – high quality ones too – but no aptitude for a Master.
There’s gotta be some sort of irony there…” Olga could only turn away, angry and
disappointed.
That left Ren and Morgana. “Hm, you seem like a capable Master,” he commented, looking
over at Ren. “But you’re burning through prana both with your magecraft and supporting the
girl there.” He pointed at Mash. He looked over at Morgana. “And you, kitty cat. Hm, got a
good amount of magic to ya, aptitude to be a Master, and we work together pretty well. How
about it? Wanna be my Master for a bit?”
Morgana bristled. “Stop calling me a ‘kitty cat’. My name is Morgana!” he growled out,
glaring up at Caster who simply raised his hands in surrender, still grinning. That done, he
sighed. “Fine, we can make the contract. I’m curious about this Master business anyway.”
Caster grinned and tapped his staff on the ground. Red seals appeared on the back of
Morgana’s front paw, taking the shape of… a cat. “Ugh, couldn’t the design be a bit more
original…” he grumbled. Discarding the thought, he looked back up at Caster. “Anyway,
what’s your name? Gotta know if we wanna know you're capable of.”
Caster nodded and grinned. “Fair enough, kitty – er, Morgana. The name’s Cu Chulainn. It’s
not my main class, but I’m still pretty damn powerful with it, rune work and all!” Then he
noticed Ren just staring at him after he made his introduction. “What, got a problem with
that?” he asked, narrowing his eyes. “Got something on my face?”
Ren blinked. “Ah, no, just…” He thought back to the Cu Chulain he knew back from his
adventures. There were definitely a lot of differences between that one and the one standing
in front of him, but one of the biggest ones was… “I thought you would be wielding a spear
or something.”
The druid blinked several times, then laughed uproariously and patted Ren hard on the
shoulder, who winced at the strength of the Servant. “Haha! You, I like you!” he declared.
“You know what it’s all about! That’s right, I’m strongest as a Lancer, not a Caster! I’m great
with magic and runes, sure, but with a spear in hand, I’m almost unstoppable! But here I am,

stuck with Caster. Sheesh, if I had my spear, I probably could’ve easily taken out half the
War’s Servants by myself, even after hell dropped on our heads.” He grumbled as Ren and
Morgana just looked, nonplussed. Still, that did explain why he seemed to have a grudge
against the shadow Lancer.
“If you all are quite done,” Olga snapped, her arms crossed and looking more irritated than
ever (and certainly NOT because a damn cat had a better aptitude to be a Master than her,
how the hell was that even fair?!). “Caster, where is this Greater Grail?”
Cu jerked a thumb in the general direction. “Over by the temple thataway,” he casually
responded. “We’re gonna have to take the northern path though – it’s a bit longer, but it beats
having to deal with Berserker. He’s over to the south.” There were no arguments on that plan.
They took Caster’s advice about Berserker to heart and began trekking through the ruins.
True to form, the only foes that opposed them were skeletons. There was no sign of
Berserker, Archer, or Saber. All of them were in their designated places, after all. But as they
marched, Mash looked more and more despondent and anxious.
Ren, noticing, pulled up alongside her. “Something the matter, Mash?” he asked.
The girl shook her head. “It’s nothing, senpai. Just…” She took a deep breath. “We’re about
to fight some incredibly strong enemy Servants, right?” Ren nodded. “I still don’t have my
heroic spirit’s true name or Noble Phantasm. I don’t even know how to use a Noble
Phantasm. I’m… I’m worried that I’ll just be a burden and we won’t be able to win because
of it.” Ren frowned. True. It sounded like a rather dangerous battle. Even before stealing any
Treasures or going up against their greatest foes, Ren made sure his entire team was ready to
go – supplies, powers, everything. They were all as strong as they could be when they went
in. But here, he wasn’t sure how to go about things.
Meanwhile, Cu looked over. “What, no Noble Phantasm, girlie?” he asked in surprise. He
rubbed his chin in thought. “And no true name either.” He considered it, then sighed. “Well,
no time like the present then. Skeletons aren’t gonna do the job here, so I’m guessing I’ll
have to.” As he talked, he walked away to stand a small distance apart from the group.
Everyone else looked at each other, confused.
“Caster, what nonsense are you speaking?” Olga snapped.
The man smirked. “Well, isn’t that obvious? We don’t have much time to find out what her
Noble Phantasm is, and besides, she’s overthinking it. It comes from the instinct, the feeling!
A Noble Phantasm is part of a Servant, like how an arm is a part of you! You get it, right?”
Ren and Morgana were about to protest – then froze. How Caster said it made it sound like an
Awakening. When they were pushed to a corner, they were forced to evaluate what they
ultimately wanted, their deepest instincts. And at that moment, everything exploded,
culminating in tearing off their masks to unveil their true power. Was this the same? It
sounded utterly absurd, but… frankly, from their adventures in the Metaverse to everything
that happened in Chaldea, ‘absurd’ seemed to be the new normal at this point. Caster noted
their reactions and slowly nodded with a grin. “Finally, some people who understand. You
two aren’t greenhorns, are you?”

Olga, in contrast, was having none of it. “Absolutely not, Caster,” she snapped. “We’re not
about to try some hairbrained experiment that might get Mash – or any of us – hurt. We can’t
spare the resources. Morgana, use your command seal and get Caster to stop.” Nobody
moved or reacted. She turned to glare at Morgana. “I gave you an order – use your command
seal! Get Caster to stop!”
Morgana took a breath, then crossed his arms. “Sorry, Director,” he replied solemnly. “I’m
with Caster on this one. Sometimes, the only way to make any progress is with extreme
methods. I’ll heal you guys if it becomes too intense but otherwise, I’m not interfering.”
Cu grinned and nodded. “Heh, knew you were my Master for a reason!” He raised his staff,
his grin turning predatory as he faced Mash and Ren. “Just so you know though, girl, I’m not
gonna hold back. I’ll be aiming for your Master with all I got. Servant and Master are bound
together after all – if one goes down, the other does too.” He looked at Ren specifically. “Oi,
kid, I know you got some crazy magecraft but you sit your ass down! This is the girl’s fight!
Not yours! If you do anything, she’s not gonna learn or grow! No true names, no Noble
Phantasms, nothing! You’re her Master, right? Then act like one and let the Servants do the
fighting!”
Mash gaped at Cu Chulainn. A powerful Servant stood in front of her. She could practically
feel the power radiating off him. This wasn’t like those shadow Servants before – this was a
bonafide hero from legend. He had spells and power that was versatile and powerful. She
didn’t have anything. She was a mere demi-Servant at most – barely qualifying as one. She
didn’t have her Noble Phantasm. She didn’t know the spirit’s true name. Thinking about it
logically, she stood no chance. What if she faltered? What if she failed? What ifA gentle hand rested on her shoulder. She looked over in surprise at Ren. His smile was soft
and his grey eyes were kind. Up until now, they seemed to be either mischievous or deadly
serious, depending on the situation. But this was a different Ren she saw now, and she felt a
bit of heat coming to her face. This was someone who fully trusted her in this upcoming
battle. Not just that, but that she would also win, like it was an inevitability. Where did that
confidence come from? Could she perhaps borrow some of it? “I trust you, Mash,” he
murmured, his voice warm and encouraging. “You can do this.”
The young Shielder blinked, then her eyes narrowed into determination. “Yes, senpai. Please
stand back – I’ll protect you with all my might.” Ren’s smile grew a bit as he moved back.
Mash Kyrielight stepped forward, lifting up her shield. She settled into a combat stance,
ready for anything.
Cu grinned over at her. “Ah, there’s a look I like!” he complimented. “Guess this won’t be so
boring after all! Get ready!” With that, he swung his staff, creating multiple runes that fired a
salvo of fireballs straight at her. Mash charged forward, lifting her shield. The fireballs
crashed against the metal with resounding explosions. The impacts were heavy, but she
pushed through anyway. They were nothing! Crossing the distance to Cu, she swung her
shield at the Caster, who dodged and jabbed out with his staff into her side. She gasped in
pain as she slid away but shut out the pain as she charged again.
The two Servants danced around the clearing, Cu Chulainn bombarding her with fireballs,
trapping her in place with roots, or flanking her with wolves. Mash pushed through all of it,

as hard as she could. She weathered storms of fireballs, tore through or dodged past roots,
and knocked the wolves away with strong shield slams. Despite Cu’s threat against Ren, he
didn’t really try to send attacks his way, trying to goad Mash into using more and more of her
energy. As Mash fought her movements became slower and more sluggish, but that
determined gaze of her never wavered as she tried kept trying to cross the distance between
the two to land a hit.
Finally, Mash was left panting, using the shield for her support, bruised and burned in
multiple places but still keeping a wary eye on Cu. The Caster, on the other hand, got a
number of bruises from Mash’s shield swings but otherwise wasn’t hurt. Cu sighed. “Well,
we took this as far as we can go by the normal method,” he said, resigned. “Guess I gotta pull
out the big guns.” He whirled his staff as his power exploded, prana pouring out through the
area. Ren, Morgana, and Olga raised their arms to block off the air pressure from the power
while Mash’s eyes widened as she gripped her shield more tightly. A magic circle appeared
underneath Cu as he fixed a deathly serious stare. “Either you deal with this, or I kill you,” he
growled.
He whirled his staff as suddenly, the area around him burst into fire, the heat going from
uncomfortably warm to overwhelmingly fierce. “Burn them completely, giant of all trees.”
He intoned. With a loud sound of creaking and crashing, a gigantic wooden figure emerged
from the conflagration. Bathed in infernal might, its sheer presence dwarfed everyone. This
was Caster’s full power made manifest, this behemoth of wood and flame.
“WICKER MAN!”
The power of the Noble Phantasm was beyond what most of them had experienced. Olga let
out a faint involuntary whimper as she stared up at it, her mind gone completely blank,
unable to think of any magecraft to protect herself or even flee. For Ren and Morgana, the
last time they felt this heavy a presence was when they faced Shido atop his golden lion of
the masses. Powerful, yes, but they had experienced this before. They held their ground and
looked over at Mash.
Mash could only stare up at the titanic figure. The power it radiated threatened to topple her
like a house of cards. She involuntarily took a step back as it leaned forward, drawing back
its arm. The flames around it kindled higher, scorching the sky. They were going to die. They
were going to die, and it was going to be her –
She turned to look and saw them still there. Olga was petrified, but Ren and Morgana hadn’t
fled. They were simply looking at her. There weren’t any expectations, nor desperation, nor
fear. Ren’s gaze especially. They were cool, calm and understanding. Whatever she wished to
do, he would support her. He wouldn’t run away or give in to panic. There was no reason to.
After all, he trusted her.
Even everything that had happened, he trusted her.
At that, Mash gripped her shield tighter. Her master, her senpai was giving his utmost trust in
her. He wasn’t afraid because he knew she would pull through no matter what. He didn’t flee
because he believed in her ability. In her strength as a Servant. True name or Noble Phantasm

be damned. She was Mash Kyrielight. She was a Servant. And with her shield, she would
protect them. She would protect Olga. Morgana. She would protect Ren.
She would protect everyone.
Racing forward, she placed herself between the Noble Phantasm and the group. She raised
her shield and braced for impact. No matter what was thrown at her, she would hold fast and
protect them, no matter what. She felt a surge of power that only rose to match her
determination. She would hold. She was unassailable, unbreakable. For those who were
behind her shield, she wouldn’t yield to any power less than fate itself. Her shield was her
strength, her might. The weight behind the shield was heavy as the Noble Phantasm rammed
against it with all its strength, but it was nothing she couldn’t handle. She stood firm, bracing
herself against the storm of flame and wood, power raging all around her and –
It was over.
She blinked as she lowered her shield. She barely noticed the light fading away from the
front of her shield as her strength gave out. The power was drained out of her but somehow
she felt more satisfied, more… complete. Like she rammed through a wall and was granted
power as a prize. Cu grinned happily as he lowered his staff. “Congrats, girl! That’s your
Noble Phantasm!” he called out. “And I gotta say, that’s a damn good one! So, what’s its
name?”
Its… name?
Mash thought back, hoping the name came instinctively, but… nothing. She shook her head.
Olga’s and Cu’s expressions fell into shock. “No…. no name?” Olga stammered. “You used a
Noble Phantasm, and yet you don’t have a name for it?” Mash again shook her head. Olga
sighed. “Well, at the very least, it’s something. For now, we’ll name it Lord Chaldeas. You’ll
be our bulwark and sentinel, Mash. We’ll all be counting on you.”
Lord Chaldeas… Mash felt the name on her tongue. Warmth bloomed from her heart as a
smile spread across her lips. Yes. That was a good name. It was strong. She would be a solid
wall, protecting those behind her with her shield. She still didn’t have the full strength of the
Noble Phantasm, not yet, but it would come. She knew it would.
Especially as Ren walked over and offered her a hand up. His smile was proud and radiant,
his eyes gleaming with happiness. The warmth spread to her face and her smile only grew as
she took his hand.
Her Master trusted her, after all.

Chapter End Notes

Joker's Charm: Lvl 5 - Debonair

Chapter 5: The End of the Beginning
Chapter Summary

Foes show up left and right, each more powerful than the last.

Chapter Notes

*le gasp* I didn't post daily! How terrible of me!
Extra long chapter today! Because frankly, I wanted to get this singularity done so we
can finally move on.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

A few quick heals from Morgana and a break later, the group was back on the way. Mash
spent her time discussing being a Servant with Cu, who happily answered what questions she
had: How to fight one, what to expect from them, Noble Phantasms, her duty to protect her
Master (she seemed to be particularly animated with this particular series of questions), and
more. Olga kept giving him the stink-eye for that whole debacle, even though it worked out
in the end. There were some occasional skeleton attacks, but compared to the shadow
Servants and Cu himself, they were almost literally a breeze in comparison.
Meanwhile, Ren and Morgana hung back a bit, just listening and observing. This felt both
familiar and unfamiliar. At times, they felt like they were back in a Palace again: Their
footsteps felt floaty against the ground which rippled, a faint swish of a coattail as he moved,
expecting shadows to come out of any corner as both Ren and Morgana reflexively looked
for any hiding spot to crouch or hide behind, surveying their movements. Then a few steps
later, they were back in the Singularity, where their feet crunched on the concrete rubble,
their bodies were slower than they’d like, and the oppressive heat from the constant fires
bearing down on them.
At least they had a way out back with Palaces where they could leave at any time and prepare
or rest as necessary. Here… it was either they succeed, or they died. No two ways about it.
As they walked, they heard a loud, bestial roar in the distance. Everyone besides Cu tensed
up. It sounded human yet not at the same time – an expression of pure feral rage that wanted
to tear everything into pieces. “That would be Berserker,” Cu explained, unimpressed. “Just
from that, I’m guessing you guys can see why we’re not going anywhere near there.”
Everyone else nodded fervently. They wanted absolutely nothing to do with whatever the hell
was behind that noise. At Olga’s insistence, they made for a wider path around Berserker’s

territory. It would take longer but there was no argument. Better a longer trip than a shorter
trip with a higher change of getting torn to shreds.
As they made their way up the stairs of the temple, Cu quietly raised his staff. Ren was the
first to notice. “Mash, keep your guard up,” he murmured. Mash blinked, then nodded,
summoning and raising her shield as well. Morgana had already hefted his sword over his
shoulder in preparation. Olga just blinked in surprise at how everyone immediately got into
position. As they reached the top, at the ruined gates was another Servant, completely blurred
in darkness. It lifted its head to regard them. “Oh? Sorry, but we’re not taking any visitors
today,” it said, standing up from where it sat.
Cu huffed. “Obnoxious as always, Archer. Still acting as the guard dog for Saber?” he asked
scornfully. “The hell you protecting her for anyway? Even if she actually deserved it, pretty
damn sure she can take care of herself, you know.”
“A dog calling another a guard dog? Takes one to know one, I guess,” it drawled. “Really,
I’m surprised you lasted this long, but them you’ve always been an extraordinarily tenacious
one. About all you’re good for though.” It turned to the others. “Hm, and I see you’ve
brought others along. I’ll give you this, at least you’re smart enough to bring allies. Not
that’ll do you any good.”
“Well, a game that never ends is boring as hell,” Cu replied. “I figure I might as well make
my move now rather than wait and get hunted down sooner or later. This seemed a good a
time as any. Now, you gonna move aside, or are we gonna get to the fight already?”
The shadow Archer scoffed as two short blades appeared in his hand. “Like you’re one to
talk. I know you’re always itching to fight – your last mistake here.” With that, it threw its
blades at them. The curved blades spun like buzzsaws, whirling through the air dangerously.
Cu summoned fireballs and intercepted them, only for two more pairs to whirl around their
flanks, seeking their targets. Mash moved into position to block one pair while Morgana used
Zorro to blow another off course.
As they did so, Cu summoned up the white wolves again that lunged at the shadow Archer
before he could fling even more blades. It quickly summoned another pair of twin blades,
slashing through one wolf, though it was too slow to prevent the second one from clamping
its jaws down on his arm. It let out a ‘tsk’ from annoyance and raised its free blade to cut it
down when Arsene appeared and slashed at its other arm.
Outnumbered, it quickly jumped back to get some distance from the other Servants and
Masters, finally cutting away the wolf as the others raced to catch up. It dodged roots
bursting from the ground as it summoned a bow. Summoning another sword, it narrowed and
lengthened into an impromptu arrow. The shadow archer nocked it, took aim, and fired. Mash
rushed to the front, holding up her shield as the sword arrow burst in a prana explosion,
buffeting the air around her. Through the smoke, more fireballs flew through the smoke,
forcing the shadow Archer to dodge yet again.
It summoned yet another pair of twin blades and twisted around to barely block Arsene who
had appeared behind it. The shadow Archer’s instincts prickled as it looked over at the group
assaulting its position. It gathered what information it could in a single glance: Caster had

summoned another pair of wolves to attack and was preparing another spell. The Servant
with the shield was staying near the others to block any attacks. There were two humans. The
white-haired girl had no Command Seals which meant she wasn’t a Master. That left the boy
who, although prepared to move, wasn’t reacting with fear or worry. He was calm,
calculating his next move. And more importantly, it could see the circuits burning through
him.
As it leaped away from both the new red-clothed demon creature and the wolves, it prepared
for a new assault – only to trip as a gust of wind blasted out its footing from underneath. The
source was… a grinning musketeer? Where did THAT come from? It had the same blue
flames wreathed around it as the demon earlier. The shadow Archer glanced at the group
again and now saw… a cat? Or catlike… thing? A small thing it must’ve missed then it
looked over at them for the first time.
It had to blink once or twice. Did it seriously miss the creature just because it didn’t look
down? But more importantly, it caught a glimpse of red seals on the back of its hand. Paw.
Whatever. That catlike thing was a Master as well?
So caught off guard that it only barely noticed the swarm of fireballs belting down. It barely
deflected them with a new set of blades before its face made the acquaintance of the girl’s
shield, sending him crashing into a wall. Dazed, it couldn’t get up in time before roots sprang
up to entangle and tie it down, which slowed it long enough for the shield girl to come up and
bash it to kingdom come. A glance at the shield told it all it needed to know about its origins,
and it had to give a humorless chuckle at the sheer irony.
“I’m sorry, King of Knights….”
As the shadow Archer dissipated into golden light like its compatriots, Cu lowered his staff,
blinking. “Huh,” he said, a bit nonplussed. “Gonna be honest, I kinda expected a harder fight
than that. He’s normally a damn tricky bastard.” He glanced over at Morgana. “He was
staring at you pretty hard though. Think he was too caught off-guard by you? I’m not sure if
he saw you the first time.” Morgana just drooped in resignation. Although he was probably
the biggest reason why that shadow Archer was defeated, he preferred it if it was with his
combat ability rather than his appearance. It was another obstacle gone, sure, but he certainly
didn’t feel like he won.
Mash came back over. “Caster, the shadow Archer mentioned a ‘King of Knights’? Do you
know who that is?” she asked.
Cu’s eyes widened at that title, then closed and rubbed them with his fingers in frustration.
“Well, that explains a whole fucking lot,” he grumbled. “No wonder why she was dominating
all the other Servants.” That just left everyone else blinking and increasingly worried. The
Caster looked back up at all of them, his expression deadpan. “The King of Knights is a title
that belongs to only one person: The wielder of Excalibur and head of the Round Table –
King Arthur. As far as Sabers go, she’s probably one of the strongest in the class, and the
Saber class is already damn powerful as is. So suffice to say, we got our work cut out for us.”
Everyone paled at the information. Even people on the other side of the planet knew the
legends of King Arthur and his Round Table. When it came to the image of chivalry and

knighthood, they were literally the ones anyone would think about. And Excalibur was well
known as THE legendary sword in any form of fiction, owing back to its origins as King
Arthur’s blade. If such a famed hero stood in their way, then Cu’s frustration was more than
justified. They would have to make plans to take her down accordingly.
Wait.
Ren paused, then looked back up at Cu. “Wait, King Arthur, right?” Cu nodded. “The English
one, right?” He nodded again. Welsh, but close enough anyway. “… She? Her?”
Cu sighed and waved it off. “Don’t question it, kid, save yourself the headache,” he
responded wearily. “Long story short, don’t put too much faith in whatever you read or
studied before. It’s good reference and it’s mostly correct, but there’s certain details they can
get wrong. And before you ask, yes, I’m a guy. THAT, you’re not wrong, at least.” With that,
he continued marching forward though not quite as eagerly as before. Everyone else could
only look at each other before quickly following him.
“I’m pretty sure the Personas you summon are the recorded gender, though,” Morgana
whispered to Ren.
He nodded. “Probably because they’re cognitions – everyone thinks Siegfried and Cu
Chulainn are guys for example, so therefore, they’re guys,” he whispered back. Shadows
were based on impressions and learned knowledge from the collective unconsciousness.
Therefore, whatever the populace believed was their gender would most certainly be the case,
whether it was actual fact or fiction. “It’s definitely gonna throw me for a loop if there’s a
person or being from legend that’s a different gender than the shadow though.”
Morgana chuckled. “I mean, hey, could be worse,” he remarked with a smirk. “Imagine if we
came across Mara.”
Ren immediately shuddered and gagged (drawing an irritated glare from Olga and a
concerned glance from Mash). No. No, no, no, and no. He made it a very personal point to
never, ever use Mara for anything besides fusions – and tried to avoid crossing his legs or
resorting to cover whenever it was executed, or worse, was introduced to a chainsaw. He
especially made sure Caroline and Justine never saw his reaction or he would never hear the
end of it from those two sadists. Frankly, there should be hard limits on what the collective
unconsciousness could dream of. Then again, given Futaba’s tales from the internet, he
should be thankful that Mara was probably the worst he had seen so far. And then there was
the time they faced off a Mara thanks to one of the Mementos’ requests….
“Ew, ew, ew, EW, why does his shadow look like THAT?!?” Ann screamed as she pointed at
their large, phallic-shaped opponent. Its stubby hands waved through their air as it rested on
a golden bladed cart. It was made only worse as it casted Tarukaja on itself, then lowered its
‘head’ and charged at them. “And why does it even move like that?!” she screeched as they
all dodged aside. “No, no no no. This thing, this CREEP is as bad as Kamoshida! It needs to
go down!”

Makoto was speechless for the time, before cracking her knuckles, sending a glare that sent
chills down the guys’ spines. “To be so perverse inside and out,” she growled, taking a
stance. “If this guy wants to redeem himself, then be my guest – AFTER I’m through with
him.”
Haru frowned and hefted her battle axe. “Really, the shape of it is extremely vulgar. I suppose
we should cut it down to size first. It’s rather large though – it should be an excellent way to
work out our frustrations!” The axe seemed to gleam even brighter as Haru’s smile widened.
Ren maintained a stoic face as Ryuji gulped audibly, Yusuke looked away, and Morgana made
himself as small as possible – an easy feat given his size.
“Its weakness is WHO GIVES A CRAP?!” Futaba screeched from inside her flying saucer.
“I’m throwing ALL the debuffs down on this thing! It looks like it came from a discount
hentai! Just kill it! Kill it kill it kill it kill it kill it!!”
Makoto looked over at Joker, who froze at her expression: A serene smile that didn’t match
the murderous aura that emanated from her. “Joker, would you, Skull, Fox, and Mona stand
aside for a bit? I think we deserve the honor of dealing with this particular request.” Ren
didn’t even hesitate – he just nodded rapidly as he did his utmost to keep his poker face.
Makoto smiled a bit more wildly before turning back to Mara, and the three female
combatants slowly converged on their hapless victim.
The resulting beatdown made all the guys wince. Ryuji unconsciously crossed his legs as
Yusuke simply looked away, muttering that while he might be inspired by such brutality, he
couldn’t exactly face it either. Ren could’ve sworn the male human cognitions lining up for
their subway trains were also shuddering as well.
After that request, there was a silent unanimous decision: Never speak of this again.
“Don’t jinx it, Morgana,” Ren muttered. Morgana just chuckled at his response.
They reached some caves that lay underneath the temple and followed it down. The further
and further they went, the more and more oppressive the atmosphere became. Morgana’s fur
stood on end at the sheer malevolence that was in the air, and Ren broke into a cold sweat.
Olga was trying to maintain a strong front but even she was affected by the power,
unconsciously sidling closer to Ren. Mash stayed up front with her shield at the ready as Cu’s
expression became graver and graver. Their footsteps echoed through the cavern, magnifying
the sound. Combined with the atmosphere and close quarters and it felt increasingly
claustrophobic and suffocating. Nobody spoke for fear of arousing whatever lurked here.
Before long, the tunnel opened up into a vast underground chamber. It was mostly flat and
empty, save for the giant plateau ahead. And above, massive amounts of corrupted prana was
erupting, bathing the entire chamber in an eldritch light. It didn’t take Olga’s degree of
magical education to know that whatever that light was, whatever that power, it wasn’t good
news in the slightest. So, this was the Greater Grail? They could see why Cu thought it would
be the cause of this Singularity. Something so evil could never be a natural phenomenon.

However, the second thing that caught their eye was the solitary figure below. It was looking
up at the massive geyser of dark prana, unmoving. A few steps forward and they caught its
attention. The figure slowly turned around to face them. She looked like a young woman,
beautiful in a cold manner like a finely forged blade. However, her appearance was marred:
Her skin was so pale it resembled that of a corpse, matched only by her hair which was a
blonde so light it was almost white as well. Her eyes were of sickly yellow, reflecting no
emotions whatsoever. She was adorned with black and red armor of a fine make that covered
up to the bottom of her chin and jaw.
But what also drew their attention was her sword. Black and red as well, it radiated dark
power just from its very existence. It felt tainted, profane and wrong, like a once-pure object
now filled with all the curses and malevolence that existed in the world. It was dormant at its
master’s command, but should she will it, it would channel every bit of its pure raw power
and annihilate anyone and everything in her path. The woman and the sword were one
existence: The sword was part of the woman, just as she was part of the sword. Ren and
Morgana gulped as Olga quavered. Mash unconsciously brought her shield up a bit further as
Cu’s expression remained grave yet neutral, standing his ground.
Any questions of gender were swept aside. The one who stood before them held the aura and
grace of a king at war. A king who would stand alone, victorious, on countless battlefields. A
king who would cut down any obstacle without the slightest bit of mercy or hesitancy.
This was King Arthur Pendragon.
“You come at last, Caster,” she called out. Despite the bursting dark prana behind her and the
sheer size of the chamber, her voice came through loud and clear to everyone. It was cold and
sharp like her blade. It didn’t allow for small talk or kinship. Her words were just a formality.
No matter what happened, she would cut them down. “The other Servants have returned to
the Grail. I was beginning to wonder if I needed to surface and hunt you down myself. I
thank you for sparing me the trouble.”
Despite the fear bubbling within him, he forced it down and tempered it with the expectation
of a good fight. “Well, you know me, Saber – I’m always itching for a good fight,” he
replied, plastering an easy grin and stepping forward. “And hey, with everyone besides
Berserker out of the way, you’re the only one left. So how about it – you want me dead, I
want you dead. One last dance for the Grail.”
Saber considered, then glanced over at Mash, narrowing her eyes. “You, with the shield,” she
demanded. “You seem familiar. Speak. Have we met before?” Mash’s eyes widened, then
shook her head. She was utterly certain she had never met King Arthur and would certainly
have never forgotten an existence as powerful and profane as hers. She closed her eyes in
consideration. “I see. You are someone familiar, yet an existence I’ve not encountered before.
Strange… but irrelevant.” She lifted her blade, its power pulsing through the air. All of them
shuddered involuntarily. However strong the shadow Servants they fought were, they utterly
paled in comparison to this Saber.
“Oi, Masters, stand back,” Cu cautioned. “Let me and the girl handle this.” Ren and Morgana
opened their mouths to protest when Cu faced them with a warning glare. “Don’t. You guys
got some strong magecraft, sure, but it won’t be enough here. If Saber deems you an enemy

combatant, you’ll last as long as a fly in hell. Besides, she’s got high magic resistance – your
skills won’t help as much here. Just stay back. Either we win and keep going, or we die and
you won’t have anything to worry about anymore.” He tried giving them a reassuring smile at
the joke but it ended up looking humorless and grim. The two Persona users hesitated, then
backed down though they still looked between the two Servants in concern.
Cu nodded before turning back to Saber. “Don’t let your guard down, girl. Fight like you’ve
never fought before,” he warned Mash, raising his staff. “She doesn’t look physically strong
but that’s not what’s dangerous about her. It’s the sheer amount of prana that’s being pumped
into her. She’s basically got unlimited energy for this battle and ways to convert it into power.
You’re gonna have to take point, but I’ll cover you as best I can.”
Mash shuddered, a bead of sweat running down the side of her face, and nodded. Indeed, this
was going to be their last battle in this Singularity. Their last obstacle before they could stop
everything and restore humanity. She knew that her senpai and Master stood behind her. He
believed in her to not falter, so she would trust in belief. She would do everything she could –
and then some – to bring victory to them both. She tensed her legs just as Saber tensed hers.
Then they charged.
Ren held a lot of reservations for not being able to jump into the fight with Mash and Cu. He
was never the type to sit idly by when someone was risking themselves for him. After all,
what good was experience or power if he couldn’t use it to properly help others? And if there
was an extraordinarily powerful foe in front of them, then so much the more he needed to
step in and fight as well.
Such notions were almost literally blown away as Saber’s first attack landed on Mash’s shield
and swept her aside, blasting her into the air. The shockwave of the impact could be felt even
from where they stood, and that was just a simple swipe. Both Ren and Morgana could only
gape as Olga ducked down, covering her head in terror. Even during their escapades in the
Metaverse, it was rare for anything to pack so much raw power, and Saber was barely even
trying. Mash skidded on the ground, regaining her footing before launching herself back,
trying to cover the distance between them. Cu meanwhile summoned two wolves that raced
towards Saber. Two strokes of her blade and the wolves perished without her even slowing in
the slightest.
She reached Cu Chulainn, her sword raised, and swung down. The Caster barely managed to
dodge the cursed blade before lashing out with his flaming staff at her exposed armpit
underneath the breastplate. Saber whirled around and caught it in her gauntleted hand, the
wood cracking under her grip as the fires only lightly singed her. With her prey caught, she
swept for his neck – to blocked just in time by Mash who forced her shield between the two,
catching the blade in a corner of the cross. With a roar, she shoved at Saber who, thanks to
her poor position and footing, was forced to give way to Mash’s strength. After a couple feet,
she grasped hold of her shield and yanked it to the side, throwing Mash off balance. Before
she could capitalize on her new opening, roots once more started ensnaring her. A trivial
matter to rip through thanks to her magic resistance, but a split second was all Mash needed
to back off, regaining her footing and positioning.

All this happened in a matter of seconds.
It finally sunk in for Ren and Morgana just what precisely a Servant fight was. It was nothing
like their battles in the Metaverse. At times desperate struggles, yes, but still controlled, still
easy to follow, coordinating their moves and handling each opponent with precision and
style. Shadows and Palace Rulers were formidable but they were easy to dissect, had their
weaknesses or at least, weaknesses could be made that they could exploit. Sure, it was often a
lot more complex than that, but boiling their fighting down, it was straightforward and
simplistic.
But a Servant battle was nothing of the sort. It was a clash between myth and legend. Their
actions and reactions were faster than any human could feasibly achieve, their power beyond
overwhelming. They endured and lasted far longer than any person could, fueled by literal
magic. Advantages and disadvantages could appear or vanish within split seconds, intervals
that only a Servant’s agility and mental acuity could take advantage of. Both Ren and
Morgana watched as Mash and Cu fought desperately, with Ren utilizing his Third Eye to try
and gauge some sort of weakness or pattern, but that barely helped. None of them were as
fast as the shadow Assassin, but the fighting was far more chaotic as everyone weaved in and
out, utilizing team attacks and tactics like a lightning-fast chess game as they took or yielded
ground as necessary.
Cu had warned them – their Personas may be on the same level as a Servant (exactly how
strong they weren’t sure, nor did they push it now that there was heavy risks), but they
themselves weren’t. If they made so much as one careless move, Saber would cut them down
in the blink of an eye and they couldn’t do anything about it. But if there’s anything being a
Phantom Thief and the shadow Servant battles showed him, sometimes it just took one good
opening for them to secure victory… or for them to lose it all. They just needed to be patient
and observe…
Morgana was the one who found it first. As Mash once more managed to get just past her
guard and shove her shield into her, locking her movements, Cu summoned more vines to
bind her before prepping another spell. Before Saber could get out once more or Cu could
finish, however, Zorro appeared beside Saber, with the boxing glove once more appearing.
Before she could react, it sprang forward and smashed against her head, knocking her to the
ground in a daze.
Ren grinned. “Good work, Morgana,” he commended before charging forward. With that,
Saber was surrounded by the four of them, with Olga left behind. Cu scowled at them but
couldn’t afford to take his attention off her. Ren, however, was smirking, matched only by
Morgana. Now this positioning felt extremely familiar…
Saber blearily blinked up at them. “You think… you think this shall be enough… to defeat
me?” she ground out.
The leader of the Phantom Thieves’ grin only grew. “Nope. That was just the setup.
Everyone, follow my lead!” Tearing his metaphorical mask off once more, Arsene burst forth
with a laugh, clawing and tearing at Saber, sending her up in the air. Morgana came next,
Zorro bursting out and sending out gusts of wind with Morgana riding one particular gust and
slashing at her. Cu, rapidly getting the gist, sent swarms of fireballs with a mad grin, which

pelted her every which way in a fiery inferno. Finally came Mash’s turn. She didn’t have
anything like the two humans or Cu, but that wasn’t necessary. Instead, she jumped up, and
with a wild cry, smashed the shield down on Saber’s helpless form, destroying her armor as
she was sent crashing down, cratering the ground in the process.
Ren and Morgana smirked. “The show’s over,” the former declared.
Saber very slowly staggered up, pieces of her armor falling off her. “I will admit… I was
caught off guard…” she breathed. And then she smiled – a sight that made sent chills right
down their spines. “But you are right. As you say, the show is indeed over. Now, allow me to
draw the curtain.” She held her sword aloft, and suddenly it exploded into a massive channel
of dark power. Ren and Morgana’s throat seized up, trying to breathe through the renewed
oppressive presence of the blade. The darkness that wrapped around the blade felt infinite in
scale and strength – and it would consume them all in pure destruction.
Cu and Mash immediately rallied back to them as Saber raised her blade. The Shielder
moved in front of them, reaching for the power she had felt once before. The will to protect
those who stood behind her, the confidence that she would stand and protect until the very
end, the belief that her Master trusted her shield. She felt power coursing through her and her
shield. She knew what she had to do, and she would not fall.
“EXCALIBUR-“
“LORD-“
“-MORGAN!!!”
“-CHALDEAS!!!”
Dark met light as Saber swung her blade, unleashing a torrent of pure and utter destruction,
only to collide with the glowing power that issues from Mash’s shield. Darkness poured and
spilled around the shield, carving hot furrows and rifts into the ground all around them. Mash
grit her teeth as she continued to push. It was heavy – far heavier than Cu’s Noble Phantasm.
But she was still here. And so long as she was still here, she would continue to stand, an
immovable force to Excalibur Morgan’s irresistible power. Ren and Morgana stood behind
her, planning. They had absolute faith that Mash would hold (and if she didn’t, they wouldn’t
be able to do anything about it anyway) so they needed a counter.
Morgana looked at Cu. “You, can you use your Noble Phantasm again?” he asked.
The druid shook his head. “Not normally – that fight drained a ton of prana from me. It’ll win
us the fight though, so you know what you gotta do – use your command seal when Saber’s
done with hers!”
The catlike being nodded. Mash meanwhile was still holding on. Ren was considering using a
command seal as well, but he hesitated. Three wasn’t as much as he wanted, and he needed to
balance whether Mash could handle it or not. However, her power showed no sign of
weakening, nor did any of the assailing power leak through.

Moments that felt like eternity ticked by before finally, power finally began abating. Morgana
didn’t waste his chance - he raised his paw. “Caster, by my command seal,” he intoned, the
cat tattoo on his paw glowing bright red. “Use your Noble Phantasm to take out Saber!”
Cu grinned as his entire body glowed, the power of the command seal filling him. “You got
it, Master!” he roared, whirling his staff as a magic circle appeared once more beneath him
before the area exploded into flame. “Burn them complete, giant of all trees,” he once more
commanded as the familiar wooden giant rose up once more. Despite all the flames, Ren,
Morgana, and Mash didn’t feel any heat whatsoever. And they especially enjoyed being not
being on the other end of his Noble Phantasm. Cu’s grin was feral and wild as he pointed his
staff at Saber. “WICKER MAN!!!”
The wooden giant stepped forward and raised a fist. Saber, completely drained from the fight,
the all-out attack, and finally using Excalibur Morgan, could only feebly raise her sword in
defense as it smashed down, engulfing her in an absolute inferno. Saber could only smile as
the fire burned away at her body, charring it to cinders before it slowly dissolved to golden
dust. Ah, she should’ve known after Archer died. Whenever she stood alone, she would
always fail in the end. But falling to two powerful Masters with a good heart, the Child of
Light from Ireland, and the girl who felt like one of her greatest knights from ages past…
There were worse fates to meet.
The flames and giant dissipated as Mash lowered her shield, collapsing on her knees. Saber’s
Noble Phantasm had carved furrows in the ground, the ground red-hot from the sheer power.
Where Saber once stood, there was now a crater filled with nothing but cinder. The
swordswoman herself was nowhere to be found. Instead, in her place was left a large golden
cup, which even from their distance radiated with power. The dark prana on the plateau
vanished, leaving the cave dark and silent. Teere was no sign of anyone else.
It was finally over.
Cu breathed a sigh of relief… before he started shedding golden dust as well. “Oi, me too?”
he asked incredulously.
Morgana looked over, eyes wide. “Wha – you’re going too?!”
The druid nodded, annoyed. “Looks like it,” he confirmed. “Now that you’ve fixed things
here, guess I’m not supposed to be here any longer. Well, it was fun all things considered,
kitty cat. Sounds like you guys are having a grand adventure. Summon me if you can – I want
in. But summon me as a Lancer, damnit! None of this druid bullcrap!”
“Keep calling me ‘kitty cat’ and we might summon you just so I can claw your face off!”
Morgana roared. Cu just laughed uproariously and turned to walk away laughing as he finally
dissolved into golden dust. With that, the cave was quiet once more.
Ren walked over to Mash and offered her a hand. She smiled with a faint blush as she once
more took it, getting back up on her feet. They walked over to the crater, picking up the
golden cup. Olga finally came over, looking extraordinarily tired and running a hand through

her hair. “Well, it seems the Singularity is resolved,” she muttered. She looked up and saw
what Ren was holding, and immediately made a mad dash over to grab it. “Th-th-th-th-this is
a Holy Grail!” she stuttered in pure shock. “Wh-wh – THIS was the cause of the
Singularity?! Th-This explains so much! Though it’s a bit… weaker than I expected…”
“Yes, it is, and it was meant to be a cornerstone of everything if things went accordingly.”
They all turned at the sound of the voice. There stood a familiar man in his green suit and top
hat. “Lev!” Olga cried out, racing towards the man and tackling him in a hug before Ren or
Morgana could stop her. “I can’t believe it! You survived!”
Lev chuckled and patted her head. “Indeed I did. I am supposed to, after all. Can’t say the
same for the rest of you though – all of you should’ve been perished. Especially you, my dear
Olga – I set the bomb right underneath your feet after all.”
Olga could only look up in shock, releasing the man as Ren and Morgana scowled, lowering
themselves into combat positions. Mash was shocked as Olga, though she soon recovered
herself enough to step forward, raising her shield once more. “Wh-what’s…. what do you
mean, L-Lev? What are you talking about?” she stammered.
The man’s face morphed into a ghastly grin as he snapped his fingers. An image appeared in
thin air – of CHALDEAS. Instead of the globe all of them had seen before, it was now
nothing but a fireball. “Here you are, dedicated to preserving humanity’s future, but you need
not fret about it anymore,” he explained, his sadism now dripping from his voice. “For there
IS no future. Humanity has been incinerated with nothing remaining. All of you are just the
last dregs of a dying breed.” Ren and Morgana felt their hearts plummet. To hear
confirmation outside of the Velvet Room was staggering.
They were the only ones left.
“Olga, you especially – you’re not even alive anymore. Haven’t you realized?” Lev’s grin
made it clear how much he enjoyed twisting the knife in the girl’s heart. “You had no
Rayshift compatibility, so how did you come here? No, your body is back in Chaldea,
destroyed. All you are right now are just some residual thoughts. Once you go back, you will
cease to exist.”
The Director could only step back in horror, unable to form any coherent thoughts. “No,
this… this can’t be. Please, t-tell me it isn’t true, Lev. You…. You wouldn’t do this, right?
Why? Why would you?!”
Lev just looked scornfully at Olga, a cruel smile still on his lips. “I don’t think you need to
know anymore, ‘Director’. Or rather, there is no point. Your greatest ‘achievement’ now lies
in flames and your usefulness is at an end. I’d kill you, but that would be… less tasteful. In
fact, I’ll grant you your wish – be with your beloved CHALEAS and incinerated for
eternity!”
Olga’s eyes widened as a force began pulling at her toward the image of the fireball, stronger
and stronger. Ren’s eyes widened as the girl desperately tried to pull away from her

inevitable, eternal torment. His mind raced desperately as he looked for an answer. At the
very least, whether she was ‘just’ residual thought or not, he couldn’t let her die-!
Wait. Residual ‘thought’…?
“Olga!” Ren roared out. “Say these words! ‘I am thou, thou art I!’ Declare your identity, and
pledge yourself to me! Please, don’t ask questions, we don’t have time!”
Lev scowled. “Meddlesome pest,” he growled. “I hadn’t accounted for you, but do be quiet-“
A gust of wind slammed into Lev, interrupting him. He was left none the worse for wear but
he turned to Morgana. “It seems you want to die too, cat,” he spat.
“Yeah, yeah, we’ve heard that a thousand times before,” Morgana retorted before sending
more gusts after him to keep Lev distracted.
Olga meanwhile stared at Ren with wide eyes, then looked back at her impending death.
Swallowing what pride she had left, she screamed. “I-I AM THOU, THOU ART I!” she
screamed. “I AM OLGA MARIE ANIMUSPHERE! I PLEDGE MYSELF TO YOUR
SERVICE FROM HERE ON!” Once she spoke those words she was suddenly engulfed in a
blue glow which steadily grew brighter, until there was a flash of light. All that remained was
a white speck, which flew straight to Ren. Ren caught it and pressed it to his face. As he did
so, his mask appeared for a brief moment before fading away to nothing.
Did it work? He cast himself into the depths of his mind, hoping he found what he was
looking for.
“Arsene? Where is she?”
There was silence for a bit, then Arsene answered in his deep, confident voice. “She is here,
Trickster. I am doing my best to protect her, but we must be swift in her deliverance – she is
weak and could be drowned out at any time.”
Ren breathed a sigh of relief. Somehow, that worked. It was a long shot, but it worked. He
turned back to Lev, who simply waved his hand, dispelling the wind with a deeply irritated
scowl. “So, you’ve done something to save that useless fool after all,” he snarled. “It matters
little. The Singularity is already collapsing. Hear me, Chaldea – I am Lev Lainur Flauros.
Know that humanity’s destruction has already come, and yours is only slightly behind. Your
deaths will come soon. Enjoy what time you have left before destruction inevitably arrives
for you.” With a cruel grin, he tipped his hat to them before he turned away, fading from
existence.
Suddenly, the watch beeped. “Lev’s unfortunately right about one thing: The Singularity is
collapsing!” he said desperately. “I’m making an emergency Rayshift! Low chance it’ll work
but no other choice! All three of you, group up!” Ren nodded and looked up at the other two.
Morgana raced over and hopped onto Ren’s shoulder as Mash clung onto Ren’s arm. As the
cave started collapsing around them, the area began getting brighter and brighter. Then
everything flashed – and they were no longer there.

The faint piano music. The blue cloth walls. The bunk. Ren was exactly where he needed to
be again.
Immediately, he stood up and marched out the open door, where Igor and Lavenza waited for
him. He didn’t wait for them to speak. “Guys, please, I need your help,” Ren started.
Igor raised his hand. “My dear guest, I do hope you know what you are asking,” he replied,
his voice soft and unchanging. “What you have achieved was rather remarkable, but you do
ask for much – only one guest may enter the Velvet Room at a time, and not only is she not a
guest and uninvited, she is also a magus.” Though the grin remained on his face, his eyes
narrowed slightly. “We have every reason to decline and allow her to fade away and rejoin
the collective unconsciousness. At the very least, it’s a far less painful fate than what that
man was about to subject her to. May we ask why we should assist her?”
Ren swallowed painfully as he lowered his head, racking his brain for reasons. “Because
Olga… she isn’t a bad person,” he began. “She’s obnoxious, sure, but she’s kind and works
hard despite all of society’s pressures. She might have knowledge we might need for the days
ahead. Because I can’t just stand aside and let someone suffer any cruelty or injustice if I can
prevent it.” And because I don’t want to lose anyone or anything else. What remains is all I
have left.
Lavenza walked over, resting a hand on Ren’s arm, smiling warmly and reassuringly up at
him. She turned to Igor. “The Trickster requires as many allies as he can in the face of this
ruin, Master,” she spoke. “We haven’t sufficient power to provide even Arcanas for him, with
the collective unconsciousness in the state that it is. Perhaps this will grant him yet another
avenue.”
The Master of the Velvet Room was silent as he considered. Then he reached out with one
thin, gloved hand and beckoned. The little speck of white detached from Joker’s mask as it
briefly reappeared and floated into one of the jail cells that lined the Velvet Room. “We shall
provide what assistance we can,” Igor said. “What happens now is up to her. Rest assured
that here, she shall not come to harm.” Ren breathed a sigh of relief as he smiled gratefully at
Igor and Lavenza.
“Now, you have received confirmation that humanity is indeed gone, and so is the collective
unconsciousness and the sea of souls,” Lavenza stated. The mood dropped again as Ren put
his hands in his pockets. “Unfortunately, the one who caused this ruin is far beyond our reach
or knowledge. They lie beyond time and space, where we have no influence. However, while
you were in that Singularity, we have felt sparks of power emanating from what little
remains.” Ren looked up, surprised. “We do not know for certain what we can make of it.
However, once you bring a Servant to your side, we may be able to convert this power for
your use.”
“The Velvet Room is a place that exists between dream and reality, mind and matter,” Igor
added. “Servants are but existences that are in much the same yet separate states as well. It is
difficult to gauge – we have never had a Master or magus as a guest before, after all. You,
however, stand at the threshold of something never seen before. This power will most likely
be unmatched by any previous guest, and most likely any hereafter. Once more, we shall
assist and guide you as best we can.”

Lavenza smiled. “But we have kept you long enough. Your other allies are waiting. Go, my
Trickster. We shall see each other again soon.”
With that, the Velvet Room faded away into darkness, and Ren again knew no more.

Chapter End Notes

Okay, I know you're all sharpening your pitchforks about shadow Archer dying like a
bitch, but hear me out:
1) He's a blackened Servant, meaning his parameters are lowered and his mental acuity
isn't the best.
2) He got caught off-guard by Morgana which, fair, and for Servants, a few seconds of
being caught off guard might as well be a lifetime, especially when he's facing two of
them at once.
But with that, Singularity F is done! Olga has been saved by the greatest of asspulls!
What's to come? Well, we'll see! It may be time to actually explore our characters a bit
more in-depth instead of them being in survival mode all the time!
For those of you who are still here, thanks for reading! Look forward to the next chapter
or two - I got a few things lined up in my mind!

Chapter 6: Aftermath
Chapter Summary

Curry, coffee, crippling depression.

Chapter Notes

Um... so it's been a week since I started and I'm apparently almost hitting 1k hits? I'm
honestly kinda surprised - I expected no one to really read my trollop. But still, thank
you guys so much for your support.

Ren blinked his eyes as he took in his surroundings now. A blue, mismatched, cracked
ceiling. The room was illuminated by an orange glow. Whatever he was lying on was
uncomfortable: Hard, with bits and pieces sticking into his back. Everything felt extremely
sore and heavy. He let out a sigh that sounded like a groan. He could hear other voices
nearby, and they seemed to be in much the same condition as he was.
“Mash! Ren! Morgana!”
Roman rushed over from some spot he couldn’t see. He moved over to someone besides him
– probably, then stop at him. He checked Ren’s pulse, then eyes, pulling back his eyelids,
before moving on to the last person. “Thank god you guys are okay,” he breathed out as he
checked up on them. “A forced Rayshift like that done on the cuff without any coffins is
dangerous and probably broke at least nine or ten different protocols –“
“Thirteen, doctor,” called a voice from out of sight.
“Er, thirteen,” Roman amended himself as he continued to work, moving a finger in front of
Ren’s eyes to note his tracking and consciousness. “But given what’s happened to everyone
and everything, well, protocol is probably the least of our worries at this point.” He
straightened up. “Right, no problems so far as I can tell. Seems the worst that came from that
was just fatigue. Can you sit up?”
Ren took a deep breath, then slowly pushed himself up. He felt stiff, overall, but nothing
painful or out of place. He blearily looked around. Most of the command room was still in
ruins, with the staff running about repairing or grabbing supplies. Robot drones rolled from
place to place, cleaning up the rubble. Nearby, Mash was getting up rubbing her head, back in
her regular lab uniform. Morgana steadily got back up on his four legs, reverted back to his
usual cat form. He took a deep breath and looked over at Roman. “How bad is it?”

Roman chewed his lip and sighed. “Not gonna lie, Ren, it’s… pretty bad,” he replied. “The
infirmary has about two or three people. I’ve already helped them as much as I could, but…
well, there weren’t a lot of survivors. I guess we should be thankful that whoever remained is
more or less in one piece, somehow.”
Small blessings indeed. He had to rub his eyes as he slowly stood up, Roman immediately
grabbing his arm to steady him, before walking over to Mash and doing the same for her as
she started standing. Morgana stepped over to Ren and jumped on his shoulder. “I haven’t
been that tired in a while,” he commented, leaning his head against Ren’s in exhaustion.
“That Singularity was wilder than anything I’ve done for a long time.” He could only nod in
agreement. He blinked as Fou popped up from out of nowhere and rushed over to Mash,
rubbing up against her in concern. He had to wonder where the little creature was the entire
time. It must be great at keeping itself hidden and out of danger. He smirked tiredly as he felt
Morgana stiffen, his claws digging mildly painfully into his shoulder at the sight.
“Now, I know you’re tired so I won’t keep you too long, but I’m gonna need to debrief you
and update you on the situation,” Roman said with a sigh, running a hand through his
disheveled orange hair. “Please tell me all you can about the Singularity.”
Ren blinked at Roman, then spoke about the Singularity as much as he could. About the
shadow Servants, about their ally Cu Chulainn, about Olga Marie, and of course, about Lev
Lainur and his betrayal. At any mentions of his magecraft, he noticed the staff looking up and
either giving disbelieving looks or outright glaring at him, their provoking gazes causing the
observing Morgana to tense up and glare back at them in turn. Ren ignored them – something
he had plenty of practice of when he was exiled to Tokyo in the past under a false criminal
record. As for Olga… he didn’t mention her at the end. That topic was especially tricky.
Roman didn’t say anything, just listening as Ren gave his report. Mash came and stood
beside them, not jumping in to provide her own perspective despite ample reason to do so.
When Roman finished, he looked back at the flaming CHALDEAS, silently contemplating.
“And what about Olga?” he asked quietly. “I know she was with you and with what Lev said
about her…” He trailed off. If she was indeed sent into the fireball there, then she would be
eternally suffering a pain that would make even Hell seem like a mercy in turn.
The Master hesitated. “She’s… in a safer location. She can’t come back right now, but safe.”
That got Roman to turn around and look back at Ren. Ren’s expression was utterly blank,
showing nothing. The cat was much the same – well, more so than a cat normally would.
However, there was no malice in their expression nor any signs of falsehood. And more
importantly, Mash said nothing, simply casting her eyes on the ground. If something did
happen to the Director, she would’ve spoken up about it as well. But not only did she not
know, she trusted Ren about it too. So many unknown factors here, but…
“Alright. I believe you.”
Ren and Morgana blinked in surprise as Roman gave him a tired smile. “Honestly, you don’t
seem like a bad kid. Sure, you got mysterious powers and a talking cat that can use said
powers too. But you fought your hardest to resolve the Singularity and great risk to yourself.
If Mash vouches for you, then I’ll settle for that.” Ren blinked several times as an image

appeared in his mind – of the police hauling him away into their police car, despite his
protestations he was trying to help the woman from Shido. This… this was far different than
he expected. He was this close to summoning Arsene and fighting his way out if things got
bad, and he knew Morgana would be right beside him to do so as well.
“But Romani, you can’t just –“ a female voice called out.
“I can and I will,” he barked. “We don’t have any other Master candidates at the moment, and
Ren Amamiya has performed admirably and with integrity. I’ll hear what complaints we have
later but for now, we’ll put our trust in him.” Ren was surprised. He thought Roman was just
a lazy, careless adult who was probably still a doctor for a good reason. To see him serious
and take charge was surprising, and even more so when he was willing to put his belief in a
mysterious variable he barely knew.
It reminded him a little of Sae. And his heart gave a painful pang once more as he caught a
glimpse of the fireball that comprised CHALDEAS.
“Huh, guess when the chips are down, the doctor is pretty cool,” he whispered to Ren. Ren
quietly nodded in agreement.
The doctor looked over to Mash. “Mash, you’ve been quiet for a while. What do you think?”
The lilac-haired Servant blinked at Roman before looking at Ren. “Um… Senpai is extremely
knowledgeable and brave,” she stammered. “His magecraft is also unique as well. I think he’s
an extremely capable Master, and I have no problems alongside him.” Ren gave a relieved,
warm smile at Mash, who returned it with a shy one of her own, her blush concealed by the
glow of CHALDEAS.
Morgana chuckled on Ren’s shoulder. “You got a good eye, Mash,” he chirped, grinning (as
much as a cat can) at her. “There’s no one more reliable than Ren in the whole world, in my
opinion. You’re in good hands.” Mash blinked in surprise before nodding quickly. Ren just
gave a small smirk at his friend’s boasting.
Roman looked between the two, his eyes narrowing a bit, then sighed. He had his suspicions
what was going on between the two but frankly, this wasn’t the time to pursue them. “Alright
then. In that case, both of you are dismissed. We still have a lot of repairs to do, then we need
to start tracking down Singularities. There’s seven of them, and we just dealt with one. Rest
up how you can, and tomorrow we’ll get to summoning Servants.” Both Ren and Mash
nodded. They would need more allies for the battles to come – especially since the battles
would be far harsher than anything they ever faced.
With that, they both turned to leave the command room. Roman watched them leave before
sighing yet again. “Meuniere, go through the records,” he said, turning to a bespectacled
mage. “See what you can find about Ren Amamiya.” The man nodded as he raced off. “The
rest of you, we’ve a lot of work to do and not a lot of time to do it,” he called out. “Let’s get
back to it.” With that, everyone worked at repairs while Roman hopped onto his workstation.
And so his work began.

“You fought well, Mash.”
Mash blinked and looked up at Ren, who had given her the sudden compliment. He smiled
warmly down at her. “That was your first time fighting, right? You did great, especially with
our opponents as tough as those. It’s thanks to you we made it through.” Once more, she
smiled shyly at the compliment.
Morgana hopped over to his other shoulder to a chuckle, looking down at her. “Yeah, you
were great. Honestly, I thought you’d be slow with that huge shield, but no, you were running
all over the place like lightning, blocking off attacks. You were extremely impressive, Mash,
take it from us.” Both of them had seen their fair share of Awakenings, with each time being
pitched into combat immediately after. But none of those times ever had enemies that were as
powerful as Servants.
The demi-Servant smiled and bowed. “Thank you, Mr. Morgana,” she replied. “I’m
inexperienced but I hope I can continue to be a good asset.”
The cat’s grin grew wider. “Mr. Morgana, huh?” he mused. “Well, you’re the most respectful
person we’ve met in a while. I think you and I are gonna be great – “
“Fou!”
“ENEMIES what is that still doing here!” Ren glanced over to see that once more, Morgana’s
hair was standing on end as Fou popped up and perched himself on Mash’s head, looking
over at them curiously.
Ren smirked. “Really, Morgana, I know you don’t like dogs much but aren’t you overdoing it
a bit? You’ve seen dogs before, haven’t you?” Said dogs were usually far larger and far more
hostile than little Fou – Orthos was one particular shadow that came to mind, back in the
Metaverse. Morgana had no trouble fighting alongside them to deal with them. Ren reached
over to pet Fou, stroking him under his chin as Morgana retreated from the decreased
distance to his other shoulder.
“It’s not because it’s a dog,” Morgana hissed in Ren’s ear. “I dunno what it is, but something
about that… THING gives me the creeps! Just… don’t get too comfortable with it, okay?”
He frowned slightly in Morgana’s direction as he continued to pet Fou. He wasn’t about to
discard Morgana’s advice – anything that could drive him up the wall in such a manner was
definitely worth bearing in mind – but it also wouldn’t do to make unnecessary enemies. And
who could make enemies of something as adorable as Fou?
Mash giggled as she straightened her glasses. “Fou’s taken quite a liking to you, senpai,” she
commented, looking over at them. “I would ask if you’d like to hold him, but I think Mr.
Morgana wouldn’t enjoy that prospect.”
“No, I certainly wouldn’t!”
Ren laughed. “I’ll take up the offer another time, Mash,” he replied easily. He looked around.
“Out of curiosity, Mash, do you know where’s the cafeteria? I don’t think we ate since the

beginning of everything and honestly, I’m a bit hungry.”
The shielder smiled brightly. “Yes. It’s right this way, senpai!” With that, she led them
through the halls of Chaldea. They were cold and deserted, with the occasional hum of a
robot rolling by. Both Ren and Morgana noted some of the ceilings and walls had cracks in
them, though they didn’t seem unstable. The quiet was certainly eerie, only reminding them
that most of the staff were dead… and so was the rest of humanity. Several hallways were
dark as well. The power must still be out in many of the sections.
They came to the cafeteria. It was a large, open area, filled with empty tables and chairs. On
the far side was a counter and behind that was the kitchen. It was gleaming and spotless. It
had been cleaned meticulously – probably by the robots. This was where people were
supposed to eat and relax, with cooks working and cooking in the kitchen. But now, with
everyone either dead or busy, it was desolate and quiet. Not even a cook – human or robot –
manned the kitchen.
Mash deflated a bit. “Oh, um… it seems they haven't activated the automatic chef,” she
murmured. “Perhaps there’s some snacks that’s – senpai?”
Ren had simply walked forward past and headed into the kitchen. Morgana took a shortcut
after hopping off Ren’s shoulders, jumping up on the counter before hopping quietly in. Mash
took a second to blink before following, Fou tagging along for the ride, as he walked into the
storeroom in the back. She watched curiously as Ren looked over the ingredients available,
checking in the cooler as well what meats were there as well.
“Huh, they’re surprisingly well stocked here,” Morgana commented, looking around. “Got
plenty of vegetables and meats here, herbs…. Ooh, Ren, over here! Curry spices!”
Immediately Ren whirled around and looked over the spices, weighing out the ingredients in
his mind. There was a large stock of them so at least they wouldn’t be running out any time
soon. A smile crossed his lips. There was quite a bit he could work with here. He could
definitely make this work. But more importantly, where was the –
“Ren? We hit the jackpot.”
He looked over and his eyes widened. There was a wall with shelves dedicated to many
different kinds of coffee beans. All sorts of different varieties that Sojiro had taught him, and
some more he hadn’t seen before either. “I think I saw some grinders and coffee makers
around too,” Morgana added. “I think we got everything we need here! Thank god Chaldea’s
stocked.”
Ren nodded with a smirk on his face. He turned to Mash who was watching with a confused
expression. “Go ahead and wait at the counter, Mash,” Ren said. “I’ll just whip something up
for us really quickly.” Mash blinked but nodded. “Okay, senpai, but do be careful.” She
walked out the door as Morgana gave a low chuckle.
“’Do be careful’ she says,” he remarked. “Think she’ll be blown away?”
The Master of Chaldea only smiled.

A complex aroma soon filled the dead air of the cafeteria. A mix of spices and other
ingredients wafted through, setting anyone’s appetite into overdrive. Mixed with that was the
rich scent of coffee. And not instant coffee – it was the scent of a carefully ground and
prepared blend that had been made by a master. Ren contentedly stirred the pot of curry,
making sure it doesn’t burn, before hopping back over to the coffee maker, carefully boiling
and percolating the coffee to make sure it was just right. The rice cooker popped a little while
ago, indicating it was ready.
Mash sat at the counter, watching with rapt attention as Ren worked, Morgana sitting on the
counter beside her with Fou on the chair on the other side (and whom Morgana very
pointedly tried to ignore). More than once she had to reach up to wipe the drool that leaked
from her mouth, her eyes never turning away from the sight. Morgana had to snicker.
Everyone’s reaction to Ren preparing food had been pretty similar. Granted, no one stared
quite as hard as Mash currently was but the drooling was quite common. It never got old,
watching people drool for curry. Fou was sniffing the air and barked for food for themselves
too.
Grabbing some fresh plates, Ren grabbed a rice scoop and heaped plenty of rice on each one.
Taking a ladle, he spooned the curry and generously poured it on the rice. Bringing them
over, he set a plate for Mash, Morgana, and Fou, setting aside his own plate. Moving back, he
then poured out three cups of coffee as well, black, and passed a cup to Mash and Morgana.
He hesitated. “Can Fou… drink coffee?” he asked.
Fou hopped onto the counter and approached Mash’s own cup, sniffing it, then looked up at
Ren. “Fou fou!”
Mash giggled. “I think Fou wants some too, senpai,” she translated. Ren grinned and happily
got another cup.
With that, all of them dug in after Ren joined them at the counter, still standing in the kitchen.
Mash’s eyes widened. The complicated spice blend and ingredients blended harmoniously
together into a superb mix that she had never tasted before. Combined with the filling texture
of rice, and the only word she could think of as she tasted it was ‘sublime’. She spooned
another mouthful, each time discovering more and more varied flavors that she hadn’t
experienced or noticed before.
A chuckle broke her out of her reverie. She blinked and saw Ren grinning at her. “Before you
polish off your plate, you should try the coffee with it,” he pointed out, amused. Mash looked
down at the coffee and by association, her plate, and noticed that she had already eaten
through about three quarters of it. Warmth spilled on her face once more. She hadn’t even
noticed she ate so much so quickly.
She took the coffee and took a sip, and her eyes widened again. It was bitter, yes, but there
were notes to the coffee she had never detected before. The only other time was when Roman
allowed her to try some when she asked. It was revoltingly bitter and she had to wonder why
Roman liked the stuff. But this… this was far different. Still bitter, but it was complex and
rich. “I’ve… I’ve never had coffee like this, senpai,” Mash admitted.

Ren chuckled. “I’m not surprised – I noticed all you guys were having was instant coffee.”
As Ren was grabbing the beans, he noticed that only the instant coffee stocks were anywhere
near low. “It’s good for a quick pick-me-up, sure, but good coffee is an art form. You guys
stocked some good stuff here. I used primarily Columbian Nariño beans for this particular
blend.”
Mash tilted her head. “Columbian… Nariño?”
The master coffee maker grinned as Morgana chuckled. “Let me explain,” he replied,
drawing himself up, even taking on a similar slouching pose to his once-and-future mentor of
the bean. “Columbian Nariño is grown from the region of the same name, bordering Ecuador
and the Pacific Ocean. Coffee made from these beans have a creamy, viscous body that coats
the mouth with fruity and nutty flavors.” Yet another sharp pang in his heart rang out as he
explained. Sojiro had explained patiently each coffee beans origins and properties, with a
gruffness that could only come from a deep-rooted passion. He would teach Ren the
preparation step by step, critiquing his brew and correcting his methods until he could master
the perfect cup of each bean. His smile wavered as he remembered what probably happened
to him – something Mash missed but Morgana didn’t, silently frowning with concern.
But he didn’t think about it for now. He pushed it aside. He wouldn’t have to mourn him
either. All he needed was deal with the Singularities and it would bring humanity back. So
that was what he would do. And after that, he would see Sojiro again, and they could share a
coffee together once more.
The girl’s eyes watched Ren attentively as she drank in the information before looking back
at the coffee. To think there was so much… Art that went into making coffee. She took
another sip, quickly noticing the flavors Ren had pointed out and swiftly gaining a new
appreciation for the brew. Then she remembered Ren’s words, set down the cup, and took
another spoonful of the curry. Her eyes flew open. As Ren said, the rich flavors of the coffee
somehow enhanced further the spices and ingredients that lay within the curry, further
emphasizing it. The curry was already delicious, but to taste it with the coffee was like night
and day.
Before long, her plate was clean and the cup empty. It was all so delicious that she didn’t
spare a single bit. She looked back up and saw Ren and Morgana were eating and drinking at
a more leisurely pace. She felt guilty. She didn’t want to impose on them as she fidgeted in
her seat – a movement that Ren quickly noticed. “Seconds, I take it?” he asked with a
knowing smile, less a question and more of a statement. Mash looked down and nodded
demurely. Ren just chuckled. “Two more plates and cups, coming up,” he said, getting up to
grab them.
Two? Mash looked beside her and saw that Fou had also polished off his plate and cup of
coffee as well. “Fou, kyu, fou!” they barked. Mash had to smile. It didn’t take a genius to
know what Fou wanted here.
Before too long, they were all utterly stuffed, Fou and Morgana contentedly lounging about
as Mash leaned back with a satisfied sigh. Then she looked up, blinking. “Senpai, is there any
left still?”

Ren checked and shrugged. “Enough for one more plate and cup, I think. Why, still haven’t
eaten enough?”
The girl blushed, shaking his head. “N-no, not for me, senpai. I was going to take a plate and
cup to Roman. He’s working hard so I think he might appreciate it.” Ren smiled and nodded
in understanding. He heaped one more plate of rice and curry, and filled one more cup with
coffee, passing it to Mash.
“Still warm, so no problems there, but do tell him to eat it quickly,” Ren cautioned.
Mash smiled radiantly and nodded. “Yes, of course. Thank you so much for the wonderful
food, senpai,” she chirped, bowing to Ren. She took the plate and cup of heavenly food and
walked away. Fou yawned instead of following Mash, curling up to sleep.
Morgana yawned as well. “Welp, I’m gonna walk around a bit and burn a bit of this off,”
Morgana said, stretching. “Haven’t had a good chance to explore Chaldea yet. What about
you, Ren?”
Ren considered, then shrugged. “I’ll probably go relax in my room, maybe read something.
Or head to bed, depending on the time. It’s hard to tell in here.”
The cat looked about, seeing Ren’s point. “Oh yeah. It’s kinda hard to tell if it’s day or night
without any windows, isn’t it?” he mused. He hopped down. “Well, if that’s the case, make
sure you don’t stay up too late. You know how I get about that.”
Ren chuckled as he waved the cat off. He knew all too well Morgana’s absolute insistence
that he went to bed at a decent time. Morgana sauntered off without another word as Ren
collected the remaining dishes to wash them. Despite everything going on, he could almost
pretend things were normal.
Almost.
Roman rubbed his eyes as he kept staring at the monitor, trying to find any sign of different
Singularities. It wasn’t an easy thing to find. The algorithms needed to be constantly adjusted
to detect minor variances and variable shifts as patterns kept shifting. Every time he thought
he spotted a Singularity, it seemed to just slip away again, be it because it was that hard to
track or it was merely a false alarm. And that didn’t include the myriad false alarms of
smaller singularities popping up.
Much of the staff had been going about doing their repairs, but they had been working in
shifts, taking breaks as necessary. Roman hadn’t bothered. He wasn’t all that tired. He could
keep looking. And it would be a bit easier once the repairs were done and others could join
him. But for now, humanity depended on their ability to find these Singularities and fix them.
So he would definitely do so –
He heard movement to his side and looked over to see Mash, holding a plate of curry and
coffee. “Oh, you made dinner?” he asked, blinking. He didn’t recall ever teaching Mash how
to cook but he certainly appreciated it. “Well, thank you, Mash! I was starving!”

The shielder shook her head, a warm smile gracing her features. “No, doctor. Senpai made
these,” she corrected. “He made a large pot but we finished it rather quickly. Thankfully I
remembered to save some for you. He advises you to eat it quickly though. It’s not as good
cold, after all.”
Roman blinked in surprise then nodded in understanding. “Alright, got it,” he replied with a
smile. “I’ll be sure to thank him next time I see him then. In the meantime, Mash, it’s getting
pretty late. You should get some sleep.”
Mash smiled and bowed. “Very well. Have a good evening, doctor. Please don’t work
yourself too hard.” With that, she turned around and left the control room.
The doctor watched as she left, then sighed. Meuniere wasn’t back with the information yet.
From what he glanced at Ren’s file, there wasn’t anything particular. His parents had no
lineage or history of magecraft, and the only thing that stood out was apparently a criminal
record that had been rescinded – apparently it was for assault and he had been in probation
for a better part of a year? But Ren didn’t strike him as the violent type. He seemed a decent
kid who just so happened to suddenly gain extremely powerful magecraft and had tactical
prowess. He absentmindedly sipped some coffee… and a new world was opened to him as
the flavors coated his tongue. He lunged for the curry as well, and the spices melted his brain.
He stared down at the food, the coffee in particular. He felt movement again and looked up –
and saw it was his arm unconsciously reaching up to call Meuniere to cancel his search, as
the coffee had shocked any sensibility into irrelevance. Roman grabbed his arm and forced it
down. If there was something bad they found out about Ren, then they had to know. There
wasn’t any choice. It would be worth sacrificing such a well-crafted, delicious, masterful
piece of culinary artRoman forced his arm back down again. Damnit.
Ren dug through the box and pack of his things. Most of it was fairly straightforward –
clothing, toiletries, some books, things that nobody would particularly care about. However,
there was one certain item that he brought along as well. This one had to be smuggled in:
apparently there was a ban on this particular item, with any findings or detections of it
resulting in confiscation. However, with Morgana’s help, he managed to get it in regardless.
The phone had been hooked up to a large external battery to keep its charge. He meant to find
a good, hidden place to charge it, but there just hadn’t been time.
He dug out his cellphone. Pressing the power button, he awakened it from sleep mode. The
charge was still full, with the external battery at about three quarters of the way. He looked.
No signal. Well, he shouldn’t be surprised. After all, it was the Antarctic – how the hell was
he going to get a signal here where there’s no phone service whatsoever? Maybe this place
had wifi as well? Unlocking his phone, he checked. No wifi networks either.
That drew a frown. What kind of state-of-the-art facility didn’t have wifi?!
His phone was filled with all sorts of different apps. He stared at one particular spot, a gaping
hole among the organized square icons. In the past, he would be met with a logo that looked

like a stylized red eye. When his adventures and trials were completed, the app had vanished
from his phone, like it was never there to begin with. Still, he kept it spot open as a sort of
remembrance. It wasn’t easy for him to forget it all, and it would be remiss for him to do so.
Tapping another icon, he opened up another window: The group chat. The icons of his friends
sent more pangs to his heart. Their last messages were of well wishes and requests for
souvenirs and photos. He could still remember them clear as day when he received them. He
was going to treat them out to dinner at the very least. Maybe that hotel buffet again. Ryuji
and Ann had gorged themselves on meat and cake respectively. Makoto would at least keep
them in line and made sure they had healthier diets. Yusuke would most like be too busy
contemplating the spectacle of the buffet to eat properly. Futaba would grab whatever –
which most likely would necessitate Makoto watching her as well. Haru would probably be
more reserved, happy to join along. Sumire… her dishes would probably dwarf whatever
piles any of the Phantom Thieves made.
Ren had to smile at that. They would’ve enjoyed it, taken lots of pictures, and talked about it
all day.
His thumb moved over the screen as he typed a message into the Phantom Thieves group
chat.

“Hey guys. Here at Chaldea. I’m not sure how much I can tell you, but it’s beyond crazy here.
I think it might trump our Metaverse adventures."
-Sending…
-Server not found-

Right. Antarctica. What did he expect. Or the incineration of all of humanity. He bit his lip as
he let out a shaky breath. Did they suffer? Was it at least fast? Questions he didn’t want
answers to he shoved out as much as he could. No, he’d bring them back. There was a set
goal. Seven singularities and whatever god was behind it. It was always some false god doing
this. It was business as usual. He would be back in no time.

“Hasn’t been smooth so far, guys, not gonna lie. But I fought alongside Cu Chulainn of all
people against King Arthur. It’s crazy. It’s like that thing, what was it, Ultimate Showdown of
Ultimate Destiny? Did I get that right, Futaba?"
-Sending…

-Server not found-

Ren gulped. It wouldn’t send. But that didn’t matter. He could still imagine their replies, clear
as day, as they would appear on the screen.

F: Wow, I didn’t think anyone even knew about that anymore! You’re up to date on your
internet culture, Joker!
R: Ultimate wha of wha?
F: Wow, you serious Ryuji? You are seriously missing out.
H: I must admit I’m curious about it myself. Are there any axe wielders perchance?
S: Or perhaps gymnasts? But are you okay, senpai? It sounds dangerous!

A drop fell on the screen.

M: Wait, everyone, we’re missing the point! Sumire’s right. Joker, are you safe? The situation
truly sounds quite deadly.
Y: Yes. You may be our fearless leader, but even I would balk from facing such legends.
A: Waaait, you’re not serious are you? … You’re totally serious. Joker, where the hell are
you?!
R: It’s shitty adults dragging you into some situation again, isn’t it?! Damnit, we’re on our
way, right guys?!
F: Looking up ways to get to Antarctica now! Not gonna be easy, and even less of a way to
hack in, but to hell with it!

More drops.

H: Perhaps I could check with some of my father’s associates. They may be able to pull some
strings to get us there…
F: Oooh, nice thinking, rich girl!

M: We best get supplies. We’ll need thick winter gear, probably rations as well. Joker, can
you coordinate with Mona and set up some sort of rendezvous?
R: Well, if you can get outside. If you can’t, we’ll just have to bust right in, don’t we?!
A: I don’t think they’re just gonna let us ‘bust right in’, Ryuji.
R: Well, we got any better ideas?

His arms were getting weak and struggling to hold up the phone as yet more drops fell onto
the phone screen.

S: Well, maybe a ship? It wouldn’t be as fast but less conspicuous.
R: Oooh, yeah! We can smuggle ourselves on that!
M: We wouldn’t have a way to get back though.
R: Oh yeah.
F: Well, in that case, it’s on you, fearless leader! We’ll do what we can on our end, so find us
a good spot we can land and we’ll bust you out in no time!
Y: Indeed. We shall spare no expense to free you.
F: You can’t spare ANY expense, Inari.
M: Behave you two. Remember, Joker, we always got your back.

His vision swam too much. He blinked, forcing more tears out of his eyes. He opened them
again and looked at the screen. The entire conversation… gone. No. It never existed to begin
with. It was only his message there at the end. One that didn’t send. Would never send.
Ren’s quiet sobs echoed through his room – a sound he would allow no one else to hear.

Chapter 7: New Allies
Chapter Summary

An eccentric inventor makes her appearance, and so do two familiar men.

Chapter Notes

Welp, now that I know I can get everyone depressed, let's see if I can't lighten the mood
a little.

A new morning came to Chaldea. The automatic lights turned on throughout the halls as the
scheduled time approached. It was difficult to differentiate between day and night within the
building, as there were no windows. Everyone lived and died by the clock. There weren’t any
complaints though – absolutely nobody wanted to see what lurked outside, be it snow and
blizzards or an utter hellscape of flame. The base’s autonomous life support kept the place in
stable condition for everyone living there: recycling air, regulating temperature, and far more.
While it wasn’t the most luxurious of places, compared to the state of the world right now, it
was practically heaven.
Mash walked down the halls of Chaldea, her shoes echoing through the empty space. It had
always been a habit for her to get up early. Her days in Chaldea had composed to studying
and assisting the various researchers around the building. Her off time consisted of her
reading or perhaps watching archived movies or shows. Roman was the one who introduced
the latter to her to show her a bit more of the world despite not being able to enter it. It had
all been immensely fascinating. Roman held a high place in her heart as he looked out for her
the best he could and did his absolute best to teach her.
Then again, that didn’t mean he didn’t exasperate her from time to time.
She was making her way to the living quarters. It had been vastly emptied thanks to the
sabotage and subsequent disaster the other day. Most of the rooms were unoccupied now,
with whatever belongings collected by the robots, boxed, and set in storage, to be given to
their next of kin when (if) it was possible. The only company she had as she walked was Fou,
who she held in her arms. He was warm, soft, and fluffy, and Fou certainly didn’t mind it. In
fact, he dug into her chest to get even more comfortable as she did. A bit ticklish, but she
liked the company. Idly, she wondered if Mr. Morgana would let her hold him in a similar
manner. She only managed to pet him one time, and he was very soft. In a different way than
Fou but soft, nevertheless.

It was still early in the morning. Perhaps Ren was still asleep? Roman did ask for Ren to
come see him when he was able, but there was no rush, after all. Maybe they could go get
some breakfast before they saw him. She was sure that she saw some apple muffins in the
storeroom. Milk would be good too. She was a bit tired though. Perhaps some coffee. Some
coffee made by Ren, and maybe some of the curry as well. The taste still swirled in her
mouth with a multitude of flavors that she hadn’t been expecting and frankly she wasn’t sure
if there were any normal or common dishes that could match that just send her taste buds
reeling –
Wiping off the drool that was accumulated, she composed herself. No, senpai first, food later.
Get the order correct, Mash, she thought to herself. Before long, she reached his room.
Raising her hand, she knocked on the door. “Senpai, it’s morning,” she called gently. “Are
you awake?”
The response was surprisingly immediate. “Yeah, I am. Come in, Mash.”
Mash nodded, placing a hand on the panel beside the door. “Then pardon my intrusion, s-s-ss-s-s-s-s….” She immediately trailed off as heat exploded onto her face as she witnessed
what Ren was doing.
Ren was doing pushups in the middle of the room. All the time in the Metaverse as well as
training at the gym had made this a habit for him. One never knew when a strong, decent
body would pay off. It certainly did then in spades as he was more physically and mentally
capable as he fought. His training had gotten to the point where he could do the pushups one
handed, grunting each time he lifted his body weight up. Sweat streamed down from his brow
and from his shirtless body. At least he didn’t have two little girls sitting on his back when he
worked out this time. Caroline and Justine had way too much fun tormenting him.
He normally would still be asleep – he was a habitually late riser – but he hadn’t slept well
last night. How could anyone? All he had were thoughts about the world ending and
countless nightmares that he forgot as he woke up, yet their lingering effects stayed anyway.
Morgana had tried to get him to go back to sleep, but to no avail. At least he went to bed
early enough that he still got a healthy amount of sleep regardless. Morgana himself was
sitting on a table, nonchalantly cleaning his paw as Ren continued exercising.
“Morning Mash,” he grunted as he shoved a bit harder, lifting him into the air with enough
time to switch hands. “Did you sleep well?”
“Y-y-y-yes, I d-d-did, s-s-senpai, th-th-thank you,” she stammered out, her eyes locked onto
Ren’s body as it rose up and down. She knew common courtesy was to look away but
frankly, for reasons she wasn’t entirely sure herself, she couldn’t. “Um, R-R-Roman wwanted to s-s-see you when y-you, um, h-h-h-had a ch-chance, s-s-s-senpai, b-but, uh, d-d-ddid you w-w-w-want to get b-b-b-breakfast f-f-first?”
Ren stopped for a second and looked up at Mash with a grin. “Yeah, sounds good to me,” he
replied. “I’ll meet you in the cafeteria after I wash up. I’m just about done anyway.” So
saying, he stood up and stretched his arms, giving her a fantastic view of his lean, corded
body, built for agility and strength. He glanced over at Mash who was standing there,

transfixed, staring with eyes as round as saucers and a face that was as red as a tomato. “Is
there something else, Mash?” he asked curiously.
That snapped her out of her reverie as she desperately shook her head. “N-no, not at a-a-all,
s-s-senpai! Um, I-I’ll s-see you a-a-at the c-c-cafeteria!” With that, she more or less bolted
away, Fou dangling from her grip as the door sliding closed behind her with a quiet hiss.
Morgana gave Ren a deadpan expression. “You totally did that on purpose.”
Ren smirked. “I have no idea what you mean,” he replied lightly as he grabbed a change of
clothes.
After grabbing breakfast with Mash (who was red the entire time and couldn’t look him in
the eye), Ren made his way to the command room, with Morgana yawning on his shoulder.
The command room certainly looked far better now than it did the other day: Most of the
rubble was gone and more people were manning the various displays and computers rather
than running about trying to repair things. Roman was at his own workstation, looking at
programs that he couldn’t make head nor tails of. Standing beside him, looking at his monitor
was a beautiful young woman with long brown hair.
As Ren approached, both of them looked up. “Ah, Ren,” Roman greeted with a smile. There
were dark shadows under his eyes. “Good morning. Your curry and coffee was great by the
way. I, uh, don’t suppose I can trouble you for a couple more cups? Or gallons, rather?”
Morgana scowled. “How about instead of coffee, you go to bed, doctor!” he growled. :You of
all people should know how much sleep is needed for good health!”
The woman beside Roman immediately brought a hand up as she giggled. “See, Roman?”
she said in a kind if smug tone. Ren had a feeling that this argument had been going on for
some time. “If even the gatto is telling you that you need to rest, then surely you should.”
Roman sighed and waved her off. “Once a Singularity is found, then I’ll get some sleep,” he
grumbled. “Ah, I don’t think you’ve made her acquaintance yet. This is Chaldea’s Servant, a
Caster who works as the chief engineer: Leonardo da Vinci.”
Ren and Morgana both blinked and stared at da Vinci, who giggled again. “My, what piercing
stares from such a handsome ragazzo and a gatto magnifico,” she commented as she posed,
giving beatific smile. “I can understand though – my beauty can only be matched by my
genius, after all. I quite understand, my giovane prodigio.”
That snapped Ren out of it a little. “Er, it’s not quite that. You said you’re Leonardo da Vinci,
right?” The woman in question nodded with a slightly broader smile. “And yet you’re um… a
woman. D-did recorded history get something wrong again?”
Da Vinci burst out laughing. “No, no, my dear ragazzo. History was correct this time – I was
indeed a male. But when I was summoned, I took certain liberties. I decided to model myself
after my ultimate pursuit of beauty, and thus I stand before you, as the super-genius, true
beauty Uomo Universale!”

Morgana’s eyes widened in realization. “The Mona Lisa,” he breathed, causing da Vinci’s
grin to widen even further. “That was your inspiration and what you took after.”
The self-titled (and very deservedly earned) super-genius clapped her hands together in
delight. “Excellent! You truly are a gatto magnifico, Morgana!” she exclaimed. “You are
quite correct! The Mona Lisa was my pursuit of true beauty during my life, and so it is only
rational that, when given the opportunity, I would pursue it further. The fact that so many
people appreciate it only shows that humanity truly can understand such a pursuit in the
end!”
Roman sighed and gave a tired smile. “As you guys can tell, if you let her, da Vinci will sing
her own praises all day, every day,” he remarked. Da Vinci turned to him with a look that,
despite never dropping her beautiful smile, still sent shivers down everyone’s back. “B-but
never mind that,” he hurriedly continued, clearing his throat. “Da Vinci was actually about to
leave but I managed to persuade her to stay. Thanks to her work, many of Chaldea’s functions
are back online, and we even have working power as opposed to just backup generators.
She’ll be supporting us from now on.”
The beautiful Caster smiled. “Si! I will be helping with various logistical efforts as well as
equipment. If you have any requests or questions, let me know immediately. There is nothing
beyond a super-genius like me, after all!”
Ren and Morgana looked at each other before smirking. “Really, nothing beyond you?”
Morgana asked wryly. “Because we’ve got a lot of stuff we need, and none of it is easy.
Think we can count on you, Caster?”
Da Vinci’s smile grew as her eyes narrowed slightly, giving off a more predatory air now.
“Oh, my dear gatto magnifico, is that a challenge I hear?” she purred. “Very well, then –
write down any and all requests of me and I shall see they will be provided by the time the
next Singularity is found. And please, just call me da Vinci – Caster just feels so common,
after all. And if you summon another Caster, well, that will just make things confusing.”
Morgana chuckled. “We’ll hold you to that, da Vinci,” he replied, easily switching over to her
name instead. Ren had to smirk. Some supplies would certainly be good, and Ren could
easily think of a few things they could have to make their next sorties smoother. And now
they had a provider. And da Vinci didn’t come off as a blowhard either – they both had a
feeling that she was just as capable as she boasted. They couldn’t wait for the results.
Roman simply looked between the two as they had their discussion, then cleared his throat to
regain their attention. “Now then, on to the other matter,” he continued. “Today we’ll be
summoning Servants. The normal protocol here is that every Master summons one Servant,
and a maximum of seven Servants are to be summoned. But…” Roman glanced over at
CHALDEAS. “Well, protocols won’t do us good if there’s nobody around in the end, is
there?” Everyone else looked over at the flaming sphere grimly.
Well, that didn’t matter. Ren and Morgana weren’t typically fond of following rules anyway,
especially if they got in the way.

“Servants are normally sustained by a Master’s prana, but Chaldea’s generators should be
able to withstand the load of a considerable number of Servants, so we don’t need to worry
about that,” Roman continued. “Mash went ahead to the summoning room, so go ahead and
meet her there. Should be down that hallway and to the right.” He pointed at the doorway.
“We’ll meet you there shortly.”
Ren nodded and walked off, Morgana still perched. After they left, Roman sagged in his seat
as da Vinci looked over, concerned. “Do you think they’ll be ready?” Roman asked, watching
the direction they walked off.
Da Vinci pondered. “Hm, both the ragazzo and the gatto seem to have fought before,” she
murmured. “They are certainly more reliable than anyone expected, but that only begs the
question: Where did they get their experience from?”
Roman shook his head. That was what he was having Meuniere look into, but so far the man
wasn’t having much luck either. But then, he wasn’t exactly a detective or an information
analyst. He was simply the most available person he saw at the time. The question of Olga
still loomed over all of them and the only thing they could do was take Ren’s word for it. It
wasn’t exactly anything close to a foolproof solution, but they didn’t have another choice.
Besides, Roman saw when Olga tried to cow Ren by threatening them with detention to
figure out how he got his new abilities. Even from another time and space away, he could feel
icy chills down his spine from Ren’s reaction. No, trying to interrogate him for answers
would only yield an even bigger disaster than leaving him alone.
Shaking his head, he decided to change topics. “So, what do you think the two will request
from you?” Roman asked, his curiosity piqued.
Da Vinci smiled gleefully. “I don’t know, and that honestly excites me, Roman,” she said, her
voice filled with anticipation. “Whatever the two have in mind, I’m honestly looking forward
to it. They certainly don’t act or work like standard magi, or standard people really. I can only
imagine what they will need.” Then she turned back to Roman. Her eyes rove over to his
computer screen – and froze. “I’ve no doubt they are hardworking, but I’m not quite sure
about you, Roman.”
Roman blinked, then paled as he spun back to his computer and quickly closed the window.
“M-Magi*Mari is essential, da Vinci,” he pleaded. “She’s a great morale booster for me and,
and she also has great advice! You wouldn’t understand it. She’s important, okay?”
The universal (wo)man looked unimpressed. “Si, si, if you say so. Now let’s go. Mash and
our giovane prodigio and gatto magnifico are awaiting us in the summoning room. You can
‘talk’ to Magi*Mari later.” Before Roman could protest any further, da Vinci grabbed his ear
and pulled him with her as the man yelped in pain, heading to the summoning room.
Everyone remaining could only sigh in exasperation.
The summoning room was a larger yet surprisingly plain affair. There wasn’t too much to it
overall – a number of circuits lining the room to provide magical energy as necessary, with a

raise platform where Mash had laid her shield. It would apparently work as a conduit and
catalyst necessary for summoning Heroic Spirits. Overall, it was devoid of frills and was
made to serve a very specific reason. Ren and Morgana stood forward as Roman, da Vinci,
and Mash hung out near the back. As Masters, they would be the ones doing the summoning.
There was currently enough energy for two summons until the generator could go into full
swing, but it should do.
Ren stepped forward and held out his hand. He took a deep breath as the lines he had been
taught just a moment ago appeared in his mind. With that, he held out his hand and began.

“Fill, fill, fill, fill, fill. Repeat five times, but destroy each when filled.”

The words to the Fate summoning ritual, passed down from generation to generation. It was
an incantation to bring forth a Servant and bound them to the contract. The exact wording
could vary. It was the self-hypnosis that came with it that was important.

“A base of silver and steel.
A foundation of stone and the Archduke of Contracts.
And my ancestor, my great master, Schweinorg.”

Morgana watched with crossed arms as Ren continued with the ritual. Normally such things
he would try to interject, but this was magic and magecraft they were dealing with here.
Subjects that neither of them had even the slightest knowledge of. Regardless, he was on
hand in case something went wrong.

“A wall to block the falling wind.
The gates of all four directions close.
From the Crown, come forth and follow the forked road to the Kingdom.”

Mash’s shield began glowing as a magic circle lit up. Prana began filling the room, suffusing
the place in energy. Morgana’s eyes widened in amazement as Mash, Roman, and da Vinci
kept watching. Ren was astonished as well but didn’t allow his concentration didn’t waver as
he continued.

“I hereby propose: My will shall create thy body, and they sword shall create my fate.
Abiding by the summons of the Holy Grail, if thou dost accede to this will and reason, answer
me!”

The circle began glowing more brightly as it lifted itself from the shield, expanding in size as
it hovered in the air. Sparks of prana began emitting as the air around them began buffeting,
Morgana lifting his paws to cover his face.

“I hereby swear. I will be all that is good in the eternal world. I will be the disposer of evil in
the eternal world.”

Large rings of prana began forming all around them, with the magic circle being the epicenter
of them all. Morgana took a step back, his eyes still wide as Ren continued. The magic, the
prana, the wind, none of it mattered. All that mattered was the ritual. He would dedicate his
all to it, and bring forth a Servant that would help them save the world.

“Thou, clad with the Great Trinity, come forth from the circle of restraint.
Guardian of the Heavenly Scales!”

The rings all contracted and merged in a brilliant flash of light. As the light faded, smoke was
left behind, obscuring their vision… until a figure emerged from the smoke. A taller man
with darker skin, with slicked back white hair and red coat with black body armor. His
powerful grey eyes looked throughout the room before settling on Ren. He gave a sardonic
smile. “So you’re my master,” he remarked. “Servant, Archer. I look forward to fighting
alongside you.”
Ren blinked, then nodded. The figure in front of him felt extraordinarily powerful, though in
a different way from Cu Chulainn. Cu Chulainn felt like he had the untamed power of nature
at his command. Saber felt like a dark power that would sweep them all away in a pulse of
power. Archer, however, felt like steel. Everywhere, unyielding, and reliable. He stepped
forward and offered his hand. “Welcome to Chaldea, Archer,” Ren greeted with a smile. “It’s
good to have you here.”
Archer blinked in surprise at the hand, then grasped it. “Greeting a Servant so casually. You
certainly aren’t like other mages,” he commented, his tone and smile warmer now. “The

Throne filled me in on my summoning conditions. It would seem we have our work cut out
for us.” Ren had to chuckle. That was putting it mildly, for certain.
Suddenly, a bouncing Morgana interrupted them. “Hey, Archer, it’s great you’re here and all,
but can you move aside?” he demanded, glaring up at him. “I gotta do a summoning too!”
The steel-eyed man could only blink in surprise down at Morgana. A… cat. A talking cat.
And he was going to be a Master. His sharp gaze could see the command seals on its front
paw. “I… see,” he replied, genuinely at a loss for words. Then he regained his composure and
stepped off the summoning circle. “Really, I have to say, having a cat as a Master is
something I certainly haven’t seen before,” he noted with another sardonic smile. “Though
most likely you’ll set a better standard than most other Masters – cats at least know how to
keep themselves alive, after all.”
Morgana glared at Archer. “Is that an insult? I feel like that’s an insult,” he growled. “You
wanna run that by me again?” Archer just gave a lazy grin as he joined the other three,
crossing his arms and leaning against a wall.
Ren sighed. “Now, now, let’s all get along,” he said, raising his hands. Well, this wasn’t the
first time he had to mitigate fights between team members. Morgana and Ryuji went at it each
other so often that more than once, he or Makoto had to tell them to knock it off. He looked
over at his Servant. Archer didn’t seem all that perturbed by anything that was going on
around him, preferring instead to watch. He could feel his eyes reading everything in the
room, already calculating each and every scenario. He had no doubt if someone hostile was
summoned, he would already be leaping into action before he could give a single order.
Well, he may have a mouth on him, but at least he’s reliable. He just needed to make sure
Archer wasn’t in the same room as Ryuji. He idly wondered what would happen if Archer
and Akechi met…
The thought caused his throat to constrict. Akechi was one of the few people he couldn’t
save, no matter what he did. And the only thing Maruki could give him despite his
overwhelming power was an illusion. One so real that he immediately broke through the
former counselor’s world because he couldn’t imagine anything going well for him. He
thought he might have seen a hint of him after they had defeated Maruki but…. No, it must
have been a hallucination from a tired mind. No more, no less.
That still didn’t mean Akechi didn’t haunt his dreams from time to time though. Only
recently was he more eclipsed.
Morgana stepped forward now and held out his paw. He began repeating the same lines from
the ritual as the magic circle began glowing once more. Ren stepped back a bit from the
buffeting winds. So this was what it looked like from the outside… the sheer amount of
power he felt around gave him goosebumps. It was like witnessing a ceremonial event, one
that would define the world in the coming days. Then again, given they were summoning
heroes from legend and myths, perhaps that wasn’t too inaccurate.
Another bright flash of light illuminated the room, blinding everyone once more. As it faded,
another figure stood on the summoning circle. A man with shorter blue hair and fierce red

eyes. Dressed in blue spandex with metal pauldrons, while holding a blood-red spear in his
free hand. “Heh, well, I know I asked for a good fight, but a situation like this? You’re
practically spoiling me,” he commented with a lazy grin. “I’m a Lancer – Cu Chulainn. So,
what needs killing?”
As Lancer looked up, however, his eyes fell on Archer. His face fell in proportion to the
dismay that was on Archer’s face. “Oh no. No no no, not this bastard again,” he grumbled,
facepalming. “I finally think I’m gonna get some decent fights and now I have to deal with
your ass? Well, win some, lose some, I suppose.” He looked around at the trail of prana, then
looked down to see his new Master. Again, he blinked several times. “And now my Master is
a kitty cat. Oh boy, my luck really is-“
Morgana snapped. “OKAY, THAT’S IT!” he screamed as he leapt for Cu Chulainn’s face,
claws outstretched.
It was at that moment that Lancer realized that he was going to die, and it was by something
not human.
That night, Ren once more ended up in the Velvet Room. He walked out of the cell to both
Igor and Lavenza, once more waiting for him.
“Welcome back, my Trickster,” Lavenza warmly greeted. Ren simply smiled and nodded at
both of them. “You have finally summoned Servants. Their existences and power will greatly
help you in the days to come. Not to mention, they will also be the foundations of your new
strength. Already they are bearing fruit.”
Lavenza lifted the Compendium and opened the book. Amid the ruined pages was a fresh
sheet, marked Cu Chulainn. However, there were two sides to it, which drew Ren’s curiosity.
One side was the normal one he had seen before, with great physical stats and moves.
However, the other side was more magic focused – fire in particular - with a much better
magic stat at the cost of its physical capabilities. Lavenza pointed to the normal, more
physically inclined one. “Please, summon this one, Trickster,” she requested.
Ren blinked but nodded. Lavenza normally never made suggestions which particular
Personas he should summon so he decided to follow her advice. The girl smiled and waved a
hand. Energy flowed from the page and coalesced in the air, eventually becoming the Cu
Chulainn he knew well with a flash of light. This Cu Chulainn, Ren was more familiar with:
Armored with a cape, a metal headband with long, flowing black hair. Then a detail caught
his eye – and Ren’s eyes widened.
Instead of the regular spear, his Persona now held the blood-red spear that the Servant
utilized.
“With the collective unconsciousness gone, my dear guest, we decided to focus on new
wellsprings of power,” Igor elaborated, looking up at the new Cu Chulainn persona. “In this
case, yours. Drawing on your memories and cognitions of Servants and environment, we
used them to reinforce the existence of your Personas, bringing them forth with new powers

and modifications. They will be more taxing to use than they used to be, but they are also far
more powerful.”
Ren nodded mutely as Cu Chulainn turned towards him.
“I am Cu Chulainn,” he intoned. “Point me towards your adversaries, and I will tear them
asunder.” With that and another flash of light, he turned into a mask that Ren pressed to his
face. He could feel the sheer wild power of Cu Chulainn within him now, considerably
heavier than how he used to feel. This would definitely take some adjustment.
Ren looked back up at the jail cell that held Olga. Igor followed his gaze. “We are funneling
what energy we can spare to her,” Igor stated, answering his unstated question. “She is
currently dormant. The irony, my guest, is that if the collective unconsciousness hadn’t been
wiped out, her existence would’ve been washed away immediately before you could take
action.” He looked back at Ren. “After all, you can’t find a single grain of sand among a
beach, but if the beach was wiped clean, then picking up that grain of sand would be
considerably easier, wouldn’t you think?” An odd metaphor, but Ren nodded in
understanding.
Lavenza closed the Compendium. “Now, you best wake,” she said. “You will need to adjust
to your powers for the days to come. But I have faith in you. I wish you well, my Trickster.”
Ren smiled and nodded. He definitely needed to train for this, but hopefully this would give
him the edge.
Once more, the Velvet Room darkened, and Ren knew no more.

Chapter 8: Revelations
Chapter Summary

Information is the most precious commodity in a war... and in relationships.

Chapter Notes

Hoo boy. This chapter is messy as all get out. It's a mix of trying to include info that I
had forgotten to deal with in past chapters, combined with a lot of exposition, and a
bunch of other stuff I wanted to do. The result is this exposition, meandering mess of a
chapter that I'm honestly headdesking at.
I'm still learning here, but I realize that's not a great excuse, so apologies in advance for
this chapter.

Leonardo da Vinci sat in her workshop, sipping tea peacefully. The workshop was an ornate
work of art – beautifully carved wooden furniture lay everywhere, with many drawings and
blueprints pinned on the walls. Every table had a blueprint or a project that she had been
working on, with parts strewn about to be utilized when necessary. It was a cluttered mess,
but it didn’t detract from the beauty of the room. Far from it – it had a tasteful elegance to it,
like everything that was there was where they were supposed to be overall. And for someone
like da Vinci, who was possessed of intellect and inspiration beyond most, and who often
pursued new projects because she was inspired to, that was precisely the case.
In her other hand was a list that Ren and Morgana had sent to her this morning. There were
quite a few demands here. Her amused smile lit her features as she read them over. She had
expected perhaps some mystic codes. Or if they were ordinary people, perhaps some vague
things like ‘something that would allow them to escape or survive longer’. But as Roman and
her both saw, the two were anything but ordinary, and thus their requests were certainly a bit
more different as well. They WERE requesting mystic codes, but they didn’t ask for them
directly – probably because they didn’t know what they were after all.
But really – a large knife or short sword and a pistol that didn’t require reloading for Ren, as
well as a cutlass and slingshot for Morgana? Various flash and smoke bombs, as well as
recovery items? And a small workstation with some listed materials? She would’ve thought
to ask if the two were expecting to fight as well but she already knew the answer. After all,
she had seen the footage of Singularity F as well.

She put down the tea and list and stretched. Their magecraft was unique and powerful –
powerful enough to actually combat Servants. However, that still left one great weakness, and
it was a weakness all Masters shared in a Servant battle: The Masters themselves. Even the
weakest Servant was a magnitude stronger than a regular human, with only an extraordinarily
powerful Master putting up even a modicum of a fight against them. She would have to work
around that. Normally, the standard Chaldean Master uniform worked well as a mystic code,
but it was designed with the idea that Masters would stay on the back lines.
However, their style, their flair… She recalled seeing something in the archives a small while
ago while perusing the information of the world, seeking new inspiration and art, or simply
admiring how far humanity had gotten in terms of advancement and knowledge, utilizing
much of her work as the base. They had collectively come so far since her time. Though very
few were as brilliant as her, if enough intelligent minds worked together, then they could
create wonders after all. That was one reason why she loved humanity so much.
Moving over to her computer, she tapped a few keys, opening the archive’s search engine.
She sifted through her mind as to what she was looking for. Although her memory was
prodigious, there was quite a lot stored there, after all. She had to comb through the
information in order to find it. Where was it… Tokyo? That was the city. There had been
some incidents in the past that were curious. It resolved in about a year though, before any
magus really tried to pay attention to what was going on – which wasn’t all too surprising.
The Clock Tower couldn’t give any less of a damn about Asian countries, seeing it as a sort
of backwater. It was certainly a blessing in disguise.
She tapped a few keys on her computer, opening a folder marked for recent events in Tokyo.
She scrolled through the various saved news stories – a considerable stock drop in some large
burger chain, a new medicine discovered and was being synthesized, some new progressive
politician rapidly garnering votes… Some started catching her eye. Psychotic breakdowns
and mental shutdowns in particular, where people just suddenly lost control of themselves
and either went on a rampage or just stopped working entirely, collapsing dead on the spot in
a rather gruesome manner.
Then she started homing in. Coverage was surprisingly sparse. Perhaps the media was being
suppressed? The archive wasn’t exactly foolproof. It covered many of the stories from major
news outlets, but da Vinci knew all too well how prone they were to being interfered with
thanks to local politics. She herself never dabbled in politics, finding them beyond tiresome.
The most she did was gain the patronage of those in power, but that was about it. Even a
super-genius had to admit that she needed resources, after all, and she needed funding.
Then there was finally a news story. A recording. It covered the election of the prime
minister, Masayoshi Shido. What she sifted through told her that apparently this man was
perhaps the pinnacle of what Japan needed at the time, with a strong decisive leadership that
would see the country through troubled times. Though when she tried to dig into any policies,
just out of curiosity, they were surprisingly vague. Da Vinci’s smile turned bitter. Well, that
seemed familiar.
But just a couple days before his election, something hacked into the news networks and TV
stations. A flash of red appeared, and suddenly a video belonging to one particular

organization began playing: The Phantom Thieves.
Da Vinci’s eager smile widened.
Much of the day had been spent with Roman bringing everyone more or less up to speed –
the disaster that preceded the Singularity, the Incineration of Humanity, and the fact that there
were seven other Singularities to deal with. While Archer and Lancer were given some
background info from the Throne, they were lacking in specifics overall. All they were
essentially told was that some calamity befell the world and they were brought in to help
resolve it. Even the Counter Force couldn’t do anything, as that relied on the collective will
of a now non-existent humanity.
“What’s the Counter Force?” Ren asked.
Lancer glanced at Archer, who sighed. “The Counter Force is a part of the spirits of both the
planet, Gaia, and the will of humanity, Alaya,” he explained. “To put it simply, they’re
basically their survival instincts. When something threatens the planet or humanity, they act
to put an end to it. Right now, however, since all of humanity is incinerated, Alaya basically
has next to no power, if any, meaning it can’t enact anything.”
There was that term again – Alaya. It was the collective will of humanity? Was the Velvet
Room part of Alaya then? Or was it more subservient? Why didn’t Alaya interfere with
Tokyo? He wanted to ask for information but then he might be giving too much away.
Moving on, he decided to ask another question. “Then what about Gaia? Wouldn’t she… or
they… interfere?”
Archer shook his head. “No. Gaia’s Counter Force won’t interfere unless the planet itself
that’s being threatened,” he pointed out. “And right now, it’s only humanity that’s in trouble.
And frankly, it’s better if neither Gaia nor Alaya interfered – a Counter Force intervention
from either of them would essentially be the ‘nuclear option’ – it would get rid of whatever
threat was there, but it would most likely destroy much around it as collateral damage.
Especially if it was Gaia’s.”
Ren’s eyes widened. Well in that case, it was probably better that the Counter Force hadn’t
interfered with Tokyo then. If it did, then most likely the city would be a smoking crater by
the time all was said and done. Maybe the Velvet Room was Alaya’s way of fixing things
before the Counter Force was needed? Or maybe it was just some other mechanism…?
He inwardly sighed. The systems of the world were just as weird and complex as what he
studied in class, apparently.
They also went over the particularities of the singularities – how there were seven major
ones, all placed at the quantum timelock (whatever that meant), and how each of them most
likely had a Holy Grail at their locations, their sheer power exacerbating and causing
unnatural disturbances that made them singularities in the first place. They had at least gotten
one Holy Grail, courtesy of Singularity F, and is currently being used to supplement the
generators of Chaldea.

Speaking of, when Roman showed Ren and Morgana the Grail, Morgana more or less
pounced on it, rubbing himself across it like an actual cat while mewing.
“Treeeeasuuuuurrre,” he purred out.
Roman, Mash, and the Servants just gave a confused look at Ren who sighed. “Yeah, he does
that,” he simply responded with a grimace. It was apparent that Morgana still had his
instinctual love for treasures, be they metaphorical Palace treasures or literal ones. Ren
cleared his throat to regain Morgana’s attention, who came back to the meeting looking rather
embarrassed and abashed – and to the shit-eating grin of Lancer who was very much finding
his Master amusing.
Roman also went over the subject of Servants and Heroic Spirits more. What caught Ren’s
attention was how every Servant summoned was essentially a copy that came from the
Throne of Heroes. That was basically like Personas – aside from their personal ones, each
Persona he used was essentially a copy brought forth from the sea of souls. Thinking in that
term, he was surprised that there wasn’t more overlap between the Throne of Heroes and the
Sea of Souls. But then, Igor and Lavenza had explained they were both parallel existences yet
not.
But then, Ren and Morgana had to ask – did Lancer remember what happened back at
Fuyuki? Both of them shook their heads.
“Kinda, but honestly, details are kinda fuzzy,” Lancer replied earnestly. “I’m not sure if being
summoned in a different class or something messes with your memory but in this case, I only
remember a few things of what happened.” He chuckled again. “Though I’m not sure how I
forgot I contracted with the kitty – er, Morgana here.” Lancer quickly amended himself as
Morgana glared in his direction.
“Same for me,” Archer added. “Unfortunately, I was corrupted by the black mud which
interfered with my mental faculties. The only thing I remembered for sure was defending the
path to the Grail at the temple, but that was about it.”
Ren blinked. “Wait, that was you?” he asked incredulously.
Archer nodded, then smirked in his direction. “At the very least, I did remember your unique
magecraft – yours and Morgana’s.” He inclined his head toward the catlike being. “It
certainly caught me off-guard, and it might catch other Servants too. However, I must
emphasize that when it comes to Servant battles, you leave such matters to us, or at least have
Mash around at all times. You are still a flesh-and-blood human, after all, and any Servant
with half a brain cell will target you if they knew your magecraft could potentially harm
them.”
Lancer chuckled. “Oh? Some high praise there, Archer,” he drawled, grinning at the redcloaked man. “They gotta be if they surprised you that badly – your eyes went as big as
dishes when you saw Morgana and his magecraft after all.”
He merely scoffed. “Once more, the black mud interfered with my mental faculties,” he
excused himself. “As I am now, I doubt I would be unsettled as easily, unlike a certain Lancer

who can’t over that their Master is a cat. Ironic, given that you’re a dog.” He fired a smirk at
Lancer’s direction, who scowled and bristled.
“What was that, Archer?” he growled.
Ren thankfully intervened they came to blows, though Lancer was still scowling while
Archer still had a self-satisfied smirk on their face. Morgana sighed. Was this what it looked
like when him and Ryuji went at each other? It definitely felt annoying and strange seeing it
from the outside. Maybe he should knock it off when things finally went back to normal…
Finally, the meeting broke and everyone more or less wandered off. There really wasn’t much
they could do until the next Singularity arrived so the most they could do was familiarize
themselves with Chaldea. Roman had pointed out there was a simulator they could use if they
wanted to do some training as well, which Ren and Morgana both nodded. They both had
their plans for it later. In the meantime, Archer wandered above the ruined hallways in
spiritual form. It was quiet and empty, with only a handful of people remaining
He frowned. This was all that was left of humanity, and they had to save it in this state?
Admittedly, his time as Counter Guardian came with situations more dire at times, but not
very often.
Suddenly, a scent caught on his nose and he turned. He moved to the cafeteria – and more
importantly, the kitchens. He blinked with surprise as he saw his Master there, cooking a
large potful of curry. The heavenly scent of spices floated about, filling the air with a
tantalizing smell. There was also the smell of freshly brewed coffee that mixed with the smell
of curry as well, giving it an even richer aroma. Morgana sat on the counter, patiently
waiting. Several of Chaldea’s staff was also there, including Mash and Fou, waiting
expectantly for the food, much like dogs waiting for their meal.
Somewhere in another part of the facility, Lancer sneezed.
Archer appeared from spiritual form at the entrance of the kitchen to avoid scaring him,
entering casually. “I didn’t realize you could cook, Master,” he commented, casually peering
at his work. “That’s certainly a unique curry you are making. I don’t think I’ve seen it made
quite like that before.”
Ren chuckled. “Well, cooking does help me calm down a bit,” he replied, stirring the pot.
“The recipe came from my… guardian. He ran a coffee and curry café and taught me how to
make it.” Archer noted his pause and caught the grief that briefly flashed on Ren’s face
before he hid it once more. “Apparently this curry was perfectly designed to go with coffee,
so it worked out pretty well for him overall.” He grabbed plates, filled them with rice, and
ladled the curry onto them before distributing the dishes to everyone waiting there. He turned
around and grabbed their coffee as well. All of the expectant diners immediately dug in.
“Oh my god, my taste buds are in heaven,” cooed one of them.
“This coffee is a lifesaver, you have no idea,” murmured a bespectacled one, his face a
picture of bliss.

“Well, it’s fitting for a non-magus to have some skill, I guess,” commented a female one in a
low tone, trying not to look like she was scarfing her own portion (though she ducked her
head when Mash shot a glare in her direction).
Archer looked at the ones at the counter eating as memories popped up in his own mind – a
rectangular wooden table in a Japanese house. A young woman with pig-tailed black hair,
arguing with a girl with white hair and red eyes. Another young woman, prim and proper
save for the sheer amount of food she was elegantly inhaling. A beauty with long purple hair,
trying to calm down the first two, her shy mannerisms barely getting through. An adult
woman with short brown hair, singing praises about the food as she happily ate. Then he
blinked and the image was gone. He felt movement to his side and saw Ren was offering his
own plate and a cup of coffee.
“Here, your portion,” Ren explained with a smile. “Didn’t think you wanted to be left out.”
The female staff frowned. “He’s a Servant, he doesn’t need food,” she pointed out.
Morgana, who had been quietly eating his own food, scowled at her. “He looks, talks, and
acts like a human,” he snapped. “I think it’s safe to say his taste buds work like a human’s
too. So whether he needs to eat or not is none of your business.” The female staff member
turned to Morgana with a scowl, finished devour her food and coffee, then left without
another world. Morgana glared at her as she left. “Really, the nerve of some people,” he
grumbled.
“Let it go, Morgana,” Ren said, placating the cat as he picked up the empty dishes and
brought them to the sink. “We still don’t know what’s going on, and it’s better we get along.
We’ve a lot to do after all.”
Morgana just sighed as he went back to his food. “You are too nice for your own good, you
know,” he muttered.
Ren smirked. Instead of answering, he looked back to Archer. “So, what do you think?”
Archer blinked, distracted by what just happened to eat. He took a bite and closed his eyes,
measuring out the various flavors, trying to figure out the ingredients. “Hm, an interesting
blend of spices you used,” he murmured. “Beef is very tender, the potatoes are finely cut so
they’re easy to eat without dissolving. But I’m tasting… hints of apple and yogurt?” Archer
looked over at Ren who beamed at him.
“Impressive! No one could guess it before when I served it,” Ren commented. “The apple
gives it a sweetness and melds to create a mild, delectable flavor. The yogurt gives acidity,
richness, and sweetness as well. It’s my first time trying to use both of them at once. I have to
be careful measuring out their proportions or the sweetness might overwhelm the spice. I’m
glad it worked well, though.”
The Servant nodded, taking a sip of the coffee. He quickly realized what Ren meant when he
said the curry and the coffee were meant to go together. They enhanced each other’s flavors
significantly. “Impressive,” he murmured, appreciating the taste and glancing over at Ren. “I

don’t suppose you’ll teach me the recipe? I could teach you some dishes and tricks in the
kitchen in return.”
His Master laughed. “Trying to figure out my trade secrets already?” he joked. With a warm
grin he nodded. “Sure. The more the merrier, and I have been curious about cooking
something else lately. It’s a deal, Archer.”
Archer matched his smile and nodded. Well, perhaps things wouldn’t be so bad after all.
“Damn, what smells so good in here?”
Well, barring a certain dog.
After finishing off both pots (again), the staff of Chaldea had left to attend their duties. Now
it was just Archer, Lancer, Morgana, Mash, and Fou remaining, sipping at their coffees while
Ren cleaned the pots and dishes. Archer offered to help but Ren refused, saying it wasn’t a
big deal. It was a fairly quiet time, as if for a moment they could forget the fact that
everything was destroyed. For Ren, he could pretend he was in LeBlanc again, if only for a
little bit.
“Hm, this ain’t booze, but damn this is good,” Lancer commented as he took another sip. “I
should treat you to some drinks, Ren! Maybe you could even use it for your curry, eh? With
the odd ingredients and all!”
“I’m underage,” Ren called back. Granted it was only by a year or so but still. Nor did he
have any wish to drink anyway. “And for your information, I sometimes use red wine when I
make the curry. It helps tenderize the meat while giving it an acidity, richness, and depth to
the taste.”
“Huh, is that right?” Lancer mused, taking another sip. He lowered the cup and gave a critical
gaze over at Ren and Morgana, the former of which just took care of the dishes and put them
to dry. “This isn’t the first time you’ve done this, is it?” he asked, his tone more serious.
Archer caught on, glancing at his Master and Morgana to see his reaction. Mash’s eyes
widened as she looked at Ren as well.
Ren blinked in surprise, then plastered on his easy grin. “Well of course,” he replied, putting
his hands in his pockets. “I’ve had to practice a lot of times to get the curry recipe right.
My… guardian would never let me hear the end of it if I ever served substandard curry or
coffee.”
Lancer waved his answer off. “Not what I meant and you know it, kid,” he growled. Morgana
was facing Lancer with a serious look now as well. “I’ve seen a lot of warriors come and go.
I know what fresh meat are like – sometimes they’ll cry themselves into a corner. Sometimes
they’ll do everything they can to distract themselves. And a lot of the time, they’ll puff
themselves up like roosters, either out of pride or fear. Especially now, with the fate of the
world hanging over your head. You? None of that. You’re calm and know what to do. Sure,
you’re afraid like any warrior facing a battle or war, but more importantly? You’re just tired,
like you’ve seen this song and dance before.”

Cu Chulainn leaned forward, bearing a serious expression. “So, you wanna fill us in, kid? I’m
sure you got some stories to tell.”
Ren froze, his expression melting into an unreadable mask. He glanced at Morgana who
looked back. The answer was clear – whatever Ren decided to tell or not tell, he would
support the decision. They already had this discussion after the first night. It was impossible
to keep everything a secret forever, after all. They couldn’t hide their abilities, not with the
world at stake, and their experience wasn’t easy to explain away. But neither could they just
haphazardly tell everyone: Igor’s warning about magi hung over their heads and from how
Olga reacted and what she told them, it held a huge amount of merit.
He sighed and gave a low chuckle. This time, the sound was far wearier, aging him what
looked like an entire lifetime. “You’re right, Lancer,” he replied calmly. “Me and Morgana,
we’ve fought a good amount of battles. This isn’t our first time doing this. Or even the
second.” Mash’s eyes widened at that while Archer’s and Lancer’s eyes narrowed in
consideration. “I’m not gonna say that I know how this is gonna turn out, because I really
don’t. It’s way worse than what we’ve had to deal with before. And even then, we had a close
group of friends and allies to help us. And right now they’re…”
He trailed off, unable to finish the sentence. He closed his eyes briefly, concentrating only on
his breathing. “Ren…?” Morgana asked gently.
Ren didn’t respond. He opened his eyes and once more stuck an easy grin on his face as his
mask slid back on. “But hey, for me, I guess it’s business as usual,” he finished. “If I did it
before, just have to do it again, right? We just have to keep gaining allies and winning. In the
end, it should work out. That’s how it did for me, anyway.”
Lancer stared at him, his gaze hard, his red eyes meeting Ren’s surprisingly stern grey ones in
turn. Finally, Lancer sighed, breaking the standoff. “Eh, fair enough,” he replied, standing up.
“Just watch that attitude of yours. I’ve seen it before – right before the damn fools charged to
their own deaths. There’s a place for courage and bravado, and then there’s just going through
the motions to the point you don’t care anymore. Watch yourself, kid.” With that, he turned
way and vanished in a show of golden light.
Mash just gaped at Ren, trying to say something. “Senpai…” she stammered. “I… you… that
is…”
He gave her a tired smile. “Sorry, Mash, it’s been a long day,” he apologized softly. “Perhaps
we can talk about this another time?”
Mash’s mouth snapped shut. She hesitated, then nodded. She got up from her seat and gave
another small bow. “Thank you for the food, senpai,” she murmured before walking off.
Archer looked at the two of them, his expression unreadable. “Why?”
The two Thieves blinked at Archer. “Why… what?” the former asked.
“Most wouldn’t put themselves in harm’s way to such a degree, especially twice,” Archer
noted. His expression was oddly blank, though his steel-grey eyes had hardened. “Some

would even say you have little concern for your own life. Is that the case? Did you wish to be
a hero? To save as many as you possibly could? What did you ultimately wish to do?"
As he spoke, his tone became more biting, bitter, gaining an edge that was pressing up
against their throats. Already, it was clear that this was some deeply personal issue for Archer
that neither of them could grasp fully.
Ren sighed. He might as well tell the truth – as much as he could get away with anyway. “A
hero? I mean, I guess?” he began. “Circumstances kind of… forced me into the situation. We
just wanted to do what was right in the end. From there it just… kind of snowballed, I guess.”
As he spoke, the pressure from Archer lessened as he listened with a thoughtful silence.
“I just wanted to help people and stand up to injustice,” Ren continued. “So that people don’t
have to deal with those who just take their power and abuse it. We got called heroes and we
liked it but… our goal wasn’t to ‘save as many as we could’, as you said. We just wanted to
give people hope and courage, to stand up for themselves against the injustices of the world.”
Ren chuckled humorlessly as he ran a hand through his hair. “I’m not even sure in the end we
did much, but I like to think so. I’ll stand up and do what’s right, and I have… well, had…
people supporting me. It’s just a bit harder for me to do nowadays is all.”
Morgana just looked down at the ground. “And even then, is it really so wrong to help people
in the end?” he asked quietly. “Our whole point wasn’t to save the world. Just help more and
more people stand up for what they believed in. I mean, you’re supposed to be a hero, right,
Archer? I’m sure you can understand that.”
Archer flinched at the last bit as he considered. They were heroes, yes, but of a different path.
Ren didn’t walk a solitary road, and neither did Morgana. They had those around them that
tempered them, kept them on the proper way. Their goal wasn’t to save as many as he could,
like they implicitly knew they couldn’t. They simply helped those on their way of their own
journey. And moreover, their goal wasn’t to burn their life by helping others. They wanted to
use their abilities to inspire others.
Some might interpret that as a world where everyone could have the courage to be a hero.
“No, I’m not sure I could,” Archer murmured, more to himself than to the two of them. He
looked back up, ignoring the confused glances of the two. “I can take the rest of these cups.
Both of you get some rest. As you told Mash, it’s been a long day, and you both need it.”
The two blinked and looked at each other. Deciding that they had been dismissed however,
they simply took their leave. Archer grabbed the coffee cups that had been left behind and
brought them over to the sink to wash them. He thought back to their words, of wanting to
give people hope and courage to stand up for what’s right. Then he thought back to Lancer’s
admonishment, of how Ren seemed to be just going through the paces as opposed to with any
hope and courage for himself.
Archer could only smile bitterly as he rinsed the cups. It seemed heroism and hypocrisy still
went hand-in-hand, after all.

Chapter 9: Limits
Chapter Summary

No matter how strong you are, you can still push yourself too far.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The barren ground around him was littered with swords. All from different parts of history,
belonging to many wielders. Some unknown, their names lost to history. Many from notable
legends and myths. Swords held by hero and villain alike all stood in the ground, their
polished blades catching the gleam of the setting sun. He brought them to bear, giving them
new purpose. For that was his prerogative with these duplicates, for as powerful as they
were, they were all duplicates.

Yes, he was the bone of his swords.

He lifted himself, shambling as best he could. He was tired, bleeding. But that didn’t matter.
After all, for one such as himself, it was of little consequence. There were still people he
needed to save, that he could save. So he summoned his willpower and forged onward.

After all, steel was his body, and fire was his blood.

Through his hazy vision, he could see that from where he stood to the horizon beyond, it was
nothing but blades. Yes, his blades. They all served a purpose for him, whether for a specific
reason or simply as a weapon of destruction. It was an armory beyond reckoning. An armory
he made.

He had, after all, forged over a thousand blades.

His journey had been one with ceaseless toil. He had discarded his past life over and over
and over again. He granted salvation and aid to as many people as he could find, asking for
nothing in return. People whispered at first in awe, then in fear and paranoia. Someone like
him didn’t exist, after all, who was so generous. Someone so skilled in the art of war must
have wanted for something.

For everyone, it seemed that he was unknown to both death and life.

They turned against him. But he didn’t care. They took their blades and some of his own and
stabbed him while his back was turned. They betrayed him. They scorned him. But it didn’t
matter. The pain was far nothing compared to what he had survived.

Despite everything, he withstood his pain to create all his myriad weapons.

But in the end, those whom he had saved didn’t value him. Those that had once loved him had
disappeared from his life. As he was captured, his swords fell out of nerveless hands, and they
were cuffed. All fitting in the end.

They were hands that would never hold anything worthwhile, after all.

As he approached the noose, he thought back to a time. It was in that power plant that he had
barely managed to stop from melting down. The glowing ball of energy, so mesmerizing. He
could hear its unspoken promise. Pledge allegiance to it, and he would have the power to
save everyone. Pledge allegiance to it, and he would be able to forge onward to eternity.
Pledge allegiance to it, and he would be a hero, unto the end of days.

And so, as he prayed, the world opened to him.

A world of infinite blades.

The infirmary of Chaldea wasn’t a grand affair – it looked like a standard hospital floor.
Multiple gurneys separated by curtains, with a desk and a computer on the side. There was a
supply closet nearby filled with gloves and various other medical instruments, and yet
another shelf – locked both with mundane locks and mysteries – filled with various drugs.
Roman was at the computer looking over some data as Ren and Morgana sat on one of the
gurneys.
It had been a small while since Ren had his last checkup. Roman had meant to do it earlier,
but with the disaster, the infirmary had been occupied by three victims, laid up with
concussions and burns. Thankfully, they had since recovered and were transferred back to
their own rooms to rest and recover. Now Roman could turn his attention to Ren and
Morgana – the first matter for a regular checkup (especially important for Morgana’s case as
he never got one when he arrived at Chaldea and they had no decent comparison data as a
result) and the second was to analyze their magic circuits. The two were an abnormality in all
senses of the word so it was best to check and make sure there wasn’t anything wrong.
As Morgana sat on the gurney, looking over at Roman, Ren wrestled with yet more
memories. This wasn’t exactly a doctor’s clinic, but… when he looked up, he could still see a
short-haired doctor, her coat on top of her punk clothes, handing her the newest sample of her
medicine to try out. He would drink it and bear with whatever side effects might occur –
often times dizziness or passing out, though later and later sessions, the side effects were less
pronounced. And in the end, it all paid off – Takemi managed to make that medicine. He
wondered if she got the chance to see Miwa-chan like she said she would. She invited him to
visit her as well. He hadn’t found time to.
Then he blinked. Suddenly, he saw a young woman with curly hair resting on one of the
gurneys. She was tired, with massive bags under her eyes, trying to make light of her
situation. Two people showed up, demanding yet more money from her that she kept scraping
up by working multiple jobs at once. Ren’s blood boiled and flamed as he heard their
demands. They said it was ‘restitution’. Bull. They didn’t give a damn whatsoever – they just
wanted the money. He managed to convince the young woman to stand up for it. More things
happened but soon, the matter was put to rest, and she was able to continue her passion. He
gave a small smile. Kawakami had been a great teacher once everything had settled down. He
idly wondered what her classes were like now. Probably informative yet entertaining.
Dismissing his memories, he thought back to the dream he had last night. He knew without a
doubt, that was Archer’s dream. Or was it really a dream? It felt too real to be one. Maybe it
was something from his past. He gulped a bit as he thought back to their discussion last night,
when he confronted the two of them about being heroes. As much as he wanted to ask Archer
about it, perhaps it wasn’t the best of ideas. Poking and prodding about his past would
probably only be stirring a beehive. He would ask later, or Archer would outright tell him. He
just needed to be patient and not force it.
His mind was brought back to reality as Roman was muttering to himself. “Alright, I have
your files pulled up,” Roman stated, turning back to them two of them with a smile. He still
looked exhausted from overworking himself, despite Mash and da Vinci’s best efforts (and
Morgana whenever he was around). Ren felt a bit of pity for the man. He was running
himself ragged trying to do what he could for the mission, simply because it was the right

thing to do. He wondered if everything went well, if Roman would be like he was on the first
day, where he just relaxed and slacked off.
Roman murmured a quick aria as a magic circle flashed underneath them, with what seemed
to be a scanning light focusing on their bodies. “I normally prefer to do things the oldfashioned way,” Roman explained with an apologetic smile. “But given what’s been
happening recently, I probably shouldn’t take any chances.” Ren nodded, understanding.
Indeed, everything about their recent circumstances had been beyond abnormal, and both he
and Morgana understood their bodies had been fundamentally changed. It was better to be
thorough than have some sort of complication later on.
Once he was done, he looked over at his clipboard. The data gathered from the mystery was
etched onto the papers of the clipboard, providing an easy way of recording. “Let’s see,” he
mumbled. “Your vitals look good, no internal issues. High amounts of stress, though that’s to
be fairly expected.” He glanced over. “Do you have any trouble sleeping, by chance?” Roman
asked. “I could prescribe some sleep meds if you need it.”
Ren smirked and shook his head. Between Morgana insisting he went to sleep as well as the
Velvet Room visits, his sleep wasn’t any worse than usual. Which arguably was pretty bad,
but that was the norm for him nowadays. He certainly didn’t need the sleep medication.
With that, he continued going over Ren’s medical information. Then he flipped a page – and
froze. He flipped a few more pages and froze again, his mouth dropping open and left gaping
like a fish. Ren gave the doctor a concerned look. “Is there something wrong, Roman?” he
asked. He hoped it wasn’t anything in particular. They couldn’t afford it if he was afflicted
with something utterly crippling.
Roman gulped. “According to the scans,” he said slowly. “You have about… sixty magic
circuits. High quality ones. With your magic crest providing another thirty-five, for a total of
ninety-five magic circuits. Morgana has about thirty-five circuits, and with his own circuit
has 70 in total.”
The two Thieves looked at each other, then looked back up at Roman. “So… is that good?
Bad?” Ren asked for clarification.
The doctor took a very deep breath, exhaling for a long moment. “Ren,” he began. “Most
magi have, on average, twenty circuits. The amount of circuits you have, Morgana, is
something you would only see in a lineage of powerful Magi families. And yours, Ren… said
families would go green with envy and would probably kill you on principle.”
Ren paled as Morgana’s jaw dropped. Not too long ago, he was just an ordinary high school
student who was simply at the wrong place and at the wrong time. And then his world was
twisted in a thousand different directions, leaving him here, sitting on a gurney, with a magic
doctor telling him that he was essentially some super mage, if what he interpreted about
circuits was right.
Still, the fact he was given so many of these circuits when the average was so low probably
emphasized just how bad the situation was. Igor would never have granted him this much
power off the cuff if he didn’t believe Ren needed it. When he first started his Phantom Thief

business, he was strong, yes, and only became stronger. It may have been a false Igor, but he
was still granted the strength needed to overcome his trials. To be granted this much power…
Roman sighed and gave a rueful smile as he sat back down at his desk. “At the very least, it
seems that your magecraft won’t be replicated anytime soon,” he commented as if it was
some reassurance. “Mysteries tend to be weaker the more people are able to use them, and
your mysteries consume so much prana that any other magus would probably collapse just
trying to do one of those summons. However…”
He placed the clipboard on his desk. “I think Olga told you before, but I’ll repeat the warning
again – do NOT tell anyone outside of Chaldea you just randomly got these circuits.” His
tired eyes gained a new sharpness as he warned the two. “Just the number and quality of
circuits you have without any lineage is suspect enough, let alone every other circumstance.
And magi aren’t known for leaving well enough alone. For now, I’m keeping the information
here under patient confidentiality and deleting it as soon as it’s safe to do so. You guys got
that?”
Ren and Morgana nodded. At the very least, they understood the warning. And while neither
of them were comfortable with sharing such information – especially if it might led to them
being hunted down – they didn’t have a choice at this point. Still, perhaps they could put their
trust in Roman. Ren particularly remembered many people whom he bonded with figuring
out he was a Phantom Thief and yet never betraying his trust. He had a feeling Roman was
the same way.
Roman nodded, a smile coming back. “Okay, good,” he said, relieved he got his point across.
“With that, check-up’s done. You seem to be in good health, Ren, all things considered. I’m
no vet but your signs also looked good as well, Morgana.” He gave a nod to the catlike being.
“If you guys have any problems though, please, come to me immediately. I’ll do what I can
here. We should have enough supplies for most afflictions for now, anyway.”
Morgana smirked. “We’ll hold you to that, doctor,” he replied as he hopped back down to the
floor. “Don’t slack off with Magi*Mari now.”
The doctor’s face blanched as Ren looked confused. “H-How did you – when d-did you-?!”
The cat only snickered as he turned to the door. “Come on, Ren,” he called to his partner.
“Archer and Lancer are waiting at the simulator for us.” Ren shook his head with a smile,
standing as well. He gave a small wave to the doctor as they left. As the door opened, they
saw Mash, who immediately started, blinking with wide eyes.
“O-Oh, senpai! I-I didn’t expect you here!” she stammered.
Ren smiled and shrugged. “Just needed a check-up,” he explained. “Doctor’s orders. You
here for one too?”
Mash nodded. “Yes, Roman needs to check on my condition,” she replied. “We need to make
sure there’s no complications of me being a demi-Servant. I can’t go on the field without
being sure.”

He nodded, contemplating. “Hm, good idea,” he approved. “We’re gonna be in the simulator
to train a bit with Archer and Lancer. Wanna join us when you’re done here?”
The shielder blinked, then beamed. “I’d love to, senpai!” she exclaimed. “I need more
training fighting other Servants!”
Chuckling, Ren nodded. “Alright. We’ll see you in the simulator then!” With a wave, he
walked off, Morgana following behind with yet another snicker at something he noticed yet
Mash wasn’t sure as to what. She watched them leave until the door to the infirmary slid
closed behind them.
Roman looked over at Mash. He could easily intuit Mash’s feelings for the most part, since
he spent quite a bit of time with her. “Something wrong, Mash?” he asked.
Mash said nothing at first, chewing on her lip. She walked over and sat on a gurney with a
sigh. “Lancer… said something odd about senpai the other day,” she quietly explained. “He
pointed out that it wasn’t his first time in this kind of situation. Senpai agreed and… and said
it wasn’t his first or even second time.” She looked up at Roman. “Senpai just looked so tired
and sad. I… I don’t know what to do. It’s my job to protect him, and I trust him completely.
But… does he trust us? Trust me? He sometimes looks and feels more like a Servant than a
person. What happened to him?”
The doctor said nothing, lowering his gaze, wondering how to answer. “Whoever Ren and
Morgana are,” Roman began slowly. “They’re what we need right now. Their magecraft and
experience have been invaluable back in Singularity F, and it’s only going to get tougher
from here. I know it’s tough, Mash, but I’m sure they have their own reasons for keeping
quiet. But I don’t think they’re bad people. They probably have just been through a lot. If
they want to tell us, they’ll tell. But for now, can you believe in them for a bit?”
The girl hesitated, then nodded. “The other magi are whispering about senpai too,” she
added. “Talking about how he’s not a magus or he’s not capable of being a Master.”
Roman blinked then sighed. Of course they were. Even in the middle of an apocalypse, magi
will be magi. “I’ll speak to them then, and get things sorted out.” Mash nodded and he
smiled. “Good. Now, if that’s out of the way, let’s begin your check-up. Your signs are
looking good so far…”
The training area in the simulator was surprisingly serene. It consisted of a large grassland
with an open training field. Training dummies lined one side of the field as well as several
benches lined on the outside. On the far side was a forest and within was a strong stream
coming from a waterfall, with the water pooling at the bottom in a clear spring. It was a
serene area, well suited for anything from training to sparring to meditation.
The two Thieves entered the simulator where Archer and Lancer waited for them. The two
were a distance away from each other, most likely to prevent potential arguments. They both
smiled as their Masters approached. “Oi, nice place you got here!” Lancer called out with a
grin, getting up from a bench that he had been laying on. “So, we’re doing some training,

right? How are we gonna do this? And, uh…” He looked over at Morgana. “I’m not sure how
you’re gonna train like that. You said your form in Singularities is… not a cat, right?”
Oh. That was a fair point. Ren looked over at Morgana. “Think you can transform?” he asked
out of curiosity.
Morgana frowned in thought. “Haven’t tried before,” he admitted. “Well, guess there’s no
time like the present. Morganaaaa, TRANSFORM!” He leaped into the air and glowed as his
circuits activated. With a poof of smoke, he turned into his bipedal form. “Huh. Guess it did
work! I’m so awesome!” he exclaimed with a proud grin.
Archer blinked in surprise while Lancer just grinned. Ren however rubbed his chin, then
asked, “Say, Morgana, if you could transform into that,” he mused. “Maybe you could…”
The catlike being immediately got the hint. He jumped into the air, glowed once more…. And
nothing, landing back down. He shook his head sadly. “Nope, sorry Ren,” he apologized.
“Guess that’s too much, huh?”
Ren sighed, running a hand through his head. He figured as much. He noticed both Servants
looking at him in confusion. “Morgana can turn into a bus,” he explained shortly.
Both Servants blinked. “He can what now.”
“At any rate,” Ren continued, ignoring further questions. “Lancer, do you mind training with
me? Archer, you can make blades, right? Can you summon one for Morgana and train with
him?”
Archer blinked in surprise, then nodded. He hadn’t expected his Master to grasp his
capabilities so quickly. Then again, perhaps he figured it out after fighting his shadow self.
Still, that only led to Archer thinking about their conversation the other day. Only someone
who fought no small amount would learn so quickly in the heat of combat – if they wanted to
stay alive, anyway. More questions started piling in his head, but he shook them off. They
weren’t relevant at the moment. “Of course, Master,” he replied easily. Looking over at
Morgana, he summoned a smaller sword he could use. “Will this do?” he asked.
Morgana grabbed the sword and gave it a few experimental swings, frowning. “You got
something curved? Like a scimitar or a cutlass?” Morgana asked, looking up at the Archer.
Archer considered, then smiled. On a whim, he decided to summon one of his paired blades.
A larger curved blade which glittered the light like fresh snow. He handed it over to Morgana.
“How about this one?”
The catlike being grabbed hold and gave it a few experimental swings before setting it on his
shoulder. “Hm, a bit bulky, but good balance,” he commented. He grinned up at Archer. “I
like it! I’m gonna see what you’re about, Archer, so I’m not gonna hold back!”
The Servant chuckled. “I expect nothing less from one of my Masters,” he commented,
summoning the blade’s partner – a black curved blade, with faint red hexagonal patterns near
the base at the guard. He held it at the ready as Morgana charged, Bakuya at the ready.

Meanwhile, Lancer and Ren moved further down the training field, away from the sparring
duo. Lancer hadn’t summoned his spear yet, curious as to what his other Master wanted. “So,
how are we gonna do this?” he asked curiously. “You don’t have a weapon that I can see –
are we doing hand to hand, then? Gonna warn you kid, I may be a Lancer, but my punches
can still knock you flat on your ass if you’re not careful!”
Ren laughed. “I’m not about to get into a boxing match with a Servant, thanks!” he replied
back in good humor. “No, I need your opinion on something, first off.” He wondered if he
should explain it to Lancer, but that would be way too complicated. No, it was better to show
it in turn. He raised a hand to his face, imagining himself once more tearing off his mask.
“Persona,” he intoned. With a flash of blue flame, the Persona Cu Chulainn appeared, his red
spear at the ready.
Lancer froze at the appearance of his other, his surprise soon deepening into a scowl. “Oi,
what is this, Master?” he growled. “If I honestly didn’t know better, I’d say you’re mocking
me.”
The accused waved the accusation off. “No, of course not,” he replied. The drain on his body
was a lot heavier than he expected – certainly heavier than Arsene. He could maintain it for
now though. He needed to get used to it. “I just wanted your opinion on this guy. What do
you think of him?”
“What do I think?” Lancer asked incredulously. He glared at the persona. “It’s like looking in
a damn mirror. Well, more like looking in a mirror and seeing someone different, but you
know it’s you regardless. If you ask me, this just gives me the creeps. And that spear.” He
summoned his own red spear, whirling it in the air before planting it in the ground. “I can’t
mistake it from a thousand miles away – that’s my spear, the Gae Bolg, in every way
possible. Kid, what the hell did you do?”
Ren chuckled. “Sorry, but that’s my own little secret,” he replied with a small smirk, trying to
hide the growing pain and exhaustion from maintaining his new Persona as his magic circuits
burned. “Now, one last favor – can you go a few rounds with it, see how it feels and how
strong it is?” At that, the persona whirled his own Gae Bolg into a ready stance. It was a
slightly different stance than Cu Chulainn’s own, but they were still the movements of a
skilled spearman nevertheless.
Lancer clicked his tongue as he lowered himself into a combat stance. “Well, if it’s basically
me, at least I’m guaranteed a good match,” he grumbled, trying to find the silver lining to this
whole situation. “Let’s go!”
With that, the Servant and the Persona charged each other. The two red spears lashed out, fast
as the rain as they crashed against each other, thrust going to a block going to a sweep,
patterns waving in and out as sparks flew from the impact. The expression of the Persona
didn’t change, but as Lancer fought, his turned from a scowl of displeasure to a fierce grin.
Whatever this damn doppelganger was, it was good! It was him, but not him at the same
time! Much of the same spearwork, but just different enough that he couldn’t predict his
moves! If he let his guard down, he would end up with a spear to the gut, just as often as he
almost stabbed the Persona in turn! He was just a bit faster than his doppleganger, but the

doppleganger was a bit stronger, and it was a bit better in handling from a defensive stance.
Perhaps he should get serious about this after all!
That was, until his doppelganger vanished in another flash of blue flames, leaving the sight of
Ren collapsing on the ground. “Oi, kid!” he roared, racing over. He could hear Morgana and
Archer cry out as well, converging on their position.
Ren curled up on the ground, clutching his chest as he tried to force breath into his lungs.
Everything hurt so much, everything was so hot. It felt like he was dying. It was like
someone injected molten iron into his veins, searing everything it flowed through. He could
barely hear the others above him talking.
“Tch, overused his magic circuits,” Archer growled. “We can’t push his magecraft any further
today or he’s going to ruin himself. You’re done for today, Master. Rest.”
“S-Senpai!”
The three looked over and saw Mash in her battle uniform racing down. Her eyes were full of
nothing but concern as she saw the helpless Master. “What did he- is he going to be-!” she
stammered, trying to get one question out.
Archer sighed. “He’ll be fine, he just overused his magic circuits,” he replied, running a hand
through his hair in frustration. “That new magecraft he was testing must be a lot more
strenuous than he expected. He’ll need more training with his circuits or he’ll just end up
burning himself out. Literally.”
Morgana scowled and cried out, “Zorro!” His own persona appeared and rapidly tried to cast
healing magic on him. Ren lit up with the healing power, however, it didn’t seem to do much.
“Come on, heal!” he demanded, casting another healing spell. “Come on, why?”
“I wouldn’t bother, Master,” Lancer said with a scowl. “Overusing a magic circuit is like
overworking your organs or muscles. It’s not the kind of damage that’ll heal so easily. Like
what that bastard said, when he needs now is just rest. He’ll probably be good as new
tomorrow. Though…” He grinned as he turned towards Mash. “There’s ways to speed up his
recovery.”
Mash looked up. “Really? How, Lancer?” she asked desperately.
Morgana could only groan at the sight of Lancer’s grin growing wider.
Ren felt groggy and feverish as he came to. Everything – from his limbs to his torso – was
sore beyond belief. Everything felt far too warm. His forehead had something cool and wet
pressing against it. He was laying on something soft, with his head in particular laying on
somewhere particularly comfortable. His eyes weakly flickered open as he took in his
location. He was in his room again. It was very quiet all around. Morgana must be out
training still.

The only thing that was different was that Mash was looking down at him in concern, though
her face was a deep red hue. He could feel a wet towel on his forehead. He blinked a few
times and recognized his position.
Oh. His head was on her lap.
“S-senpai?” she asked, her voice soft. “Are you okay? You overused your magic circuits so
you were unconscious for a bit. We brought you here and had Roman examine you. You just
need to rest.”
Ren sighed. “Oh, I see,” he mumbled weakly. He gave a low laugh. “Guess I pushed myself
too hard again.” He hadn’t felt this bad in a long while. Even their most strenuous adventures
in the Metaverse didn’t leave him like this. He truly was helpless, wasn’t he? He could almost
imagine Caroline and Justine admonishing him for being so careless and weak. “Thanks for
bringing me in, Mash,” he added gratefully.
Mash blinked in surprise, then shook her head. “O-oh, it was no t-trouble at all, s-senpai,” she
retorted, her face becoming slightly redder. “Um… sh-should I leave so you can g-get some
r-rest? Or…?”
He considered it, then shook his head with a faint smile. “No,” he replied. “It feels nice here.
I’ll just rest for a bit longer.” As he spoke, his eyes slowly drifted closed once more, the
comfort of her presence lulling him to sleep.
Despite her nervousness and being caught off guard by his answer, Mash smiled. When Ren
slept, he looked so carefree and innocent. He no longer felt like that battle hardened warrior
she had seen in the Singularity or in the cafeteria as he spoke to Archer and Lancer. She had
to wonder – just what had he gone through to turn him into what he was today? When would
he tell her? But she remembered the doctor’s words. She would be patient. And when he was
ready to tell, she would listen.
Her hand went through his hair. She giggled. So soft and fluffy.

Chapter End Notes

You'd be surprised at how little info there is about magic circuit overuse. I kinda had to
wing it. Hope this was acceptable for everyone.

Chapter 10: A Serpent and a King
Chapter Summary

Two more allies come into the fold, each with their own... quirks.

Chapter Notes

I hate this chapter. So much. I admittedly rushed it to get some last ideas out which
probably wasn't a good idea overall. Curse this writing bug having me write despite
everything. Still, need to get the ball rolling, so to heck with bumps on the road. Once
more, sorry for what's ahead.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The day came and went. Before long, Ren and Morgana were in the summoning room once
more. The generator, now bolstered by the installed Holy Grail, could allow for two more
summons. The next Singularity would be found soon so having as much man and firepower
as possible was for the best. Roman had elected this time to stay in the command center,
hunting down the singularity, while da Vinci was cooped up in her room with her projects.
Both would be on hand if they were called, however. In the meantime, Archer had joined Ren
and Morgana in the summoning room while Lancer and Mash trained in the simulator. If
something went wrong, he would be able to defend the two of them.
Ren still felt sore and groggy from the other day. His temperature had thankfully gone down
to more manageable levels before it could cause any damage to his body, but it wasn’t an
experience he was willing to try again. Archer had made breakfast – a Japanese affair of fish,
rice, and miso soup. That was a nice change from his breakfasts from LeBlanc, which was
even more curry. He had thanked Mash for comforting him as he rested – though now the
poor girl was having trouble meeting his eyes in turn. Teasing her was definitely somewhat
amusing. Mash reminded him so much of Sumire…
No. Best not to think of that now. There were things that needed to be done.
Morgana had volunteered to go first this time to give Ren a bit of a break. As the summoning
circle flashed once more, a new person stood there. A tall woman with long purple hair and a
metallic blindfold around her eyes. Her clothes left much of her shoulders and legs bare,
leaving little to the imagination. She was definitely beautiful, but in a different way than most
girls Ren had seen before: A dark sensual beauty that was meant to lure in and seduce should
he let his guard down.

“Servant, Rider. My true name is Medusa,” she murmured, her voice just barely above a
whisper. “Command me as you wish, even as a sacrifice if you deem it necessary.”
“Hey, none of that,” Morgana snapped. “You’re in Chaldea, and no one’s dying or sacrificing
if we can help it!” Ren’s mind immediately flashed back to a metal door coming down on a
black-suited young man, but he shook it off. Morgana took a deep breath, then grinned.
“After all, your Masters are Ren here and yours truly! I don’t think you can find a better pair
here that can lead you to victory!”
Rider looked between the two slowly, appraising them before a small smile creased her lips.
“What peculiar Masters,” she commented. “Does the fact that I’m a monster not bother you?”
Morgana and Ren chuckled. “We’ve dealt with worse,” the cat replied cheekily. “It’s good to
have you with us though. We got one more summoning to do, then we can show you around
the facility!”
Medusa nodded, stepping off the circle. She turned slightly towards Archer, who hadn’t
moved from his position of leaning against the wall, seemingly not acknowledging her
presence. “Archer,” she greeted shortly.
“Rider,” he returned just as curt.
Ren and Morgana glanced at each other before shrugging. Whatever personal history they
had wasn’t any of their business, unless they wanted to divulge. Ren stepped up and
performed the summoning ritual himself. There was another flash of bright light as another
figure stepped forth. Immediately, Ren’s gut seized up in terror, dropping into a combat
stance for a split second before noticing something was different.
The Servant was far different than when they saw her in Fuyuki. Instead of her white pallor,
her skin was now a normal, healthy shade. Her golden hair glittered beautifully in the light as
opposed to the pale, dead luster. Her armor was of burnished steel with blue engravings over
a blue dress. And her eyes with a powerful, dignified green as opposed to the deathly yellow.
The aura she gave off wasn’t the overwhelming darkness that they had felt before. Hers was
powerful, but serene and noble. A king who cared about their subjects, who did all in their
power so their realm would prosper.
“I am Artoria Pendragon, Saber class,” she stated, her words ringing out, proud and stern. “I
ask of you – are you my Master?”
Ren smiled, not noticing Archer’s eyes behind him widening at the newest entry to Chaldea.
He held out his hand. “That I am,” he responded. “Welcome to Chaldea, Saber.”
“Wait, so let me get this straight – all of you guys know each other? From another Grail
War?”
Morgana had gotten right to the bottom of the matter of their interactions, looking between
Saber, Archer, and Rider. They were all still in the summoning room, with Morgana crossing
his arms as he looked between the three Servants. None of the three showed much reaction

besides quiet contemplation at most (Saber) or disinterest at worst (Rider). “I thought you
guys were supposed to be copies and didn’t carry memories of past Grail Wars?”
“It was a complicated thing, Master,” Archer responded. “The Grail War we had participated
in was an… anomaly compared to the others. That may be why we retained some memories
of it and each other as opposed to others. In case you’re wondering, Lancer was at that War
was well.”
Frowning, he noted another point. “And I’m guessing that this Grail War was in Fuyuki?” he
ventured a guess. “Because I’m pretty sure all four of you were there when we went to the
Singularity.”
Archer smirked. “Right in one, Master,” he replied. “Fuyuki was where the Fifth Holy Grail
War took place. It’s where we all met – or rather, where we all tried to kill one another. It was
honestly a rather large mess, thinking back on it. That being said, we don’t remember the
specific details – merely who was who in the War and impressions at most.””
Rider lowered her head slightly. “And with some Masters being more abominable than
others,” she muttered.
“Regardless, we won’t allow whatever happened then to affect our judgement,” Saber stated,
stepping forward. “We are here under your summons for the restoration of humanity. What
grudges we had in the past are of no relevance from this point on. My blade is yours to
command, Masters.”
“Well, when she puts it that way, it’s hard to argue,” the red-coated Servant sighed
dramatically, shrugging. “As I said before, we’ll be under your care.”
“I will do what must be done,” Rider murmured. “I will serve as your will, Masters, in any
capability you wish.”
Ren stepped forward now. “Alright, take it easy, guys,” he said, raising his hands. “If we have
to work together, we might as well try to get along.” With an easy smile he nodded towards
Saber and Rider. “Saber, Rider, it’s good to meet you, and I’m looking forward to working
with you. Now. Let’s get going on that tour, shall we?”
Saber and Rider nodded. “If you’ll excuse me then,” Archer said. “I’ll check on Mash and
make sure that Lancer is teaching her properly, as opposed to getting carried away and just
whaling on her.” With that, he turned away, vanishing into spiritual form in the process.
After he vanished, Ren smiled at the two new Servants. “Shall we?”
With that, they went through the still-deserted hallways of Chaldea. Just like they had with
Archer and Lancer, he set them up with living quarters (which Rider quietly protested, saying
it was extraneous – only to be rapidly shouted down by Morgana who insisted she needed a
good place to sleep at least) and then showed them the Command Center. Roman was still
staring a hole in his screen as he continued working, with the staff all focused on their own
duties as well.

One section that had recently restored power was the library. It didn’t see much use as
everyone was too busy with their duties – Ren and Morgana included – but it caught Rider’s
attention. Ren, Morgana, and Saber all noticed Rider getting rather fidgety as they walked
past the bookshelves. “If you want, Rider, you can explore the library in its entirety,” Ren
offered. “We can just head off and meet back up later.”
Rider blinked, then nodded almost imperceptibly. “You are very generous, Master,” she
murmured. With that, she almost immediately disappeared among the bookshelves.
Morgana then blinked and looked at Ren. “Can… can she even read with that thing on?” he
asked.
Ren opened his mouth to answer, closed it, then looked back at the direction Rider
disappeared at, then shrugged. “She probably takes it off when she reads,” Ren explained
easily. And if she was Medusa, then Ren and Morgana were both aware of her legend enough
to know why they wouldn’t see her eyes. Ren would have to place yet another order with Da
Vinci though. It certainly would be inconvenient trying to read when your gaze had the
ability to turn people to stone.
Saber in the meantime just kept her expression neutral. She was aware of Rider’s Noble
Phantasm and commended her two Masters for at least figuring things out fairly quickly.
“Now, next would be the cafeteria…”
All thoughts of Rider immediately vacated her mind.
Ren could only despondently watch as another plate was added to the smile pile. He had
offered to make curry for Saber, which she eagerly accepted (while trying very hard not to
appear desperate). So he made his usual pot of curry and offered a dish to Saber. She had
devoured it in a flash and asked for more. And more. And more. Ren had to make yet another
pot which vanished in Saber’s gluttonous maw.
Morgana just watched with his jaw open. He didn’t even get a chance to get his own share as
Saber had inhaled all the curry. Ren didn’t even have time to make his usual coffee, despite
his insistence that the curry went great with it.
“Hm, I must admit, this curry is delectable, Master,” Saber commented, daintily wiping her
lips with a napkin. “It is not often I eat foods with many spices, and usually they do not agree
with my palette. I commend your culinary skills and believe we shall have a most fruitful
partnership.”
Said chef just smiled nervously. “Heh, well, I gotta say I haven’t seen someone enjoy my
curry… quite so much before,” he replied. He had seen Sumire pack away food like nothing
thanks to being a gymnast with strenuous physical demands eating up calories, but even she
would be amazed at how much Saber ate. Ren also knew, however, to never, ever, EVER
mention just how much she ate. He knew from experience one should never, ever comment
on a woman’s eating habits if one valued their life. Ryuji had made the mistake of joking
about how Ann, Makoto, Futaba, and Haru ate quite a bit during one particular outing.

He didn’t think the human cranium could hold so many bumps.
“So, I take it you’ve had enough?” Ren asked hopefully, taking the dishes.
Saber shook her head, smiling beatifically. “Oh, not quite, Master,” she responded with a
surprisingly dignified air still. “There were certain notes to the flavor that I could quite place
but would like to experience and identify further. I believe another ten dishes or so should be
satisfactory.”
Morgana choked at that number as Ren paled. He didn’t mind making curry for others, but
this was starting to get a bit too much even for him. Sojiro would’ve kicked her out already
for the sheer amount she inhaled (well, unless she was paying, then she would probably be
his favorite customer). However, behind the dignified, satisfied aura of a pleased king was
the ravenous hunger that lurked right underneath, ready to be unleashed at any time.
As he debated how to handle this, he heard a chuckle from his side. Turning, he saw Archer
smirking as he leaned up against a wall. “Saber has considerable appetites, Master,” he
explained, not bothering to hide the smug tone in his voice. “It’s best you satisfy her. The
wrath of the King of Knights is not something one wishes to bear, after all.” Saber gave a
single nod of agreement, still expectant.
“TRAITOR!” Morgana cried.
Ren could only be shocked at Archer’s throwing him under the bus when an idea began to
form. He calmed down and smiled. “Archer, hold up your hand,” he requested. Archer
blinked but did so. With a smirk, Ren high-fived him as he passed by, walking out of the
kitchen. “You got this, Archer!” he called over his shoulder. Morgana gaped, then started
laughing uproariously as he hopped off the counter, following Ren as he continued to laugh.
Archer watched his Master leave. He wanted to call out to him but for some reason, he felt…
compelled to stay here now. Like it was his turn, no, responsibility to cook now. And more
importantly, he felt Saber turn her hungering gaze from Ren… to him. A moment later, the
only thing he could give was a defeated sigh, slouching, before moving towards the
storeroom to get more ingredients.
Damn you, Master.
Sitting in a small out-of-the-way alley in Yongen-Jaya was the café, Leblanc. A small, cozy
place, the café was often filled with the smell of both curry and coffee, both lovingly crafted
by its sole proprietor, Sojiro Sakura. The booths and counter were well cleaned and
maintained, ready to receive the sporadic patrons that came by during a warm afternoon day.
The TV on the side played current news reports, its sound filling the quiet air and at times
sparking conversation.
Ren worked behind the counter, pouring out two cups of coffee. Wearing an apron and
utilizing his knowledge, he belonged to this café. Sure, he got roped in from time to time to
help out, but he almost never had a problem with it. His only complaint was Sojiro never paid

him for it, but given that he had sheltered him throughout his most troubled year, it was only
a minor complaint.
Once he was done, he came over and passed a cup to the café’s sole patron: A well-dressed
young man with longer brown hair, his sharp auburn eyes watching his every move. The
person who had both been a traitor and a friend, one who under better circumstances
could’ve been a close ally or rival. The one who wouldn’t be seduced by dreams, for good or
ill, bearing the pain of his life throughout it all.
The one he couldn’t save no matter what he tried.
“It certainly has been a while, hasn’t it,” Akechi commented, taking his cup. “After Maruki, I
would honestly think that you could rest for a while. But your troubles never cease, do they,
Ren?”
Ren scoffed. “No, they certainly don’t,” he grumbled, sipping at his own cup. “If it’s not a
false Holy Grail and an illusory world where everyone’s wishes come true, it’s actual Holy
Grails and different timelines where history’s gone completely wrong.” He sighed. “At least
Morgana’s here.”
“Hm, true,” Akechi acceded, taking a slow sip. “You are truly capable, but even I doubt you
could handle this entire manner by yourself. Still, the situation is rather dangerous. I wonder,
Ren, if you’ll be able to continue on as you are.”
“What do you mean?” Ren asked, looking up at the former detective.
Akechi smirked. “While this isn’t the first time the fate of the world hangs in the balance, the
stakes are drastically heavier now, with different enemies to boot,” he commented. He
reached into his coat and pulled out something, something that froze Ren on the spot: A
silenced pistol. Akechi placed it on the counter as if though he was showing an interesting
curio.
“As you know, before I found any of you, I worked with Shido, disposing of his targets as he
wished,” he continued, not caring about Ren’s reaction. “Oh, you and your friends condemn
it, without a doubt, but for what I did and my own goals, it was necessary. I make no
apologies, nor will I ever do so. My path had simply run its course, and I had made my
decisions. You may call it selfish. I call it acceptance.” He glanced up at Ren. “What of
you?” he asked, his tone curious. “If you were forced to kill, would you? Are you able to
weigh the lives of others against your own goals? Servants are supposed to be disposable,
are they not? Would you sacrifice them if it meant you could bring everyone back?”
Ren grit his teeth. “I’m not killing anyone, and no one has to die,” he growled. “That’s one of
the things we all have decided on, otherwise we’re no better than our targets. Now and in the
future.”
Akechi stared at Ren, then casually looked outside. Ren followed his gaze – and his eyes
widened. Instead of the sunny, warm afternoon outside Leblanc, all he saw was roaring
flames, consuming the world in an endless inferno.

“I look forward to your answer, Ren,” Akechi’s voice echoed. “Will the world be worth the
blood you’ll have on your hands?”
Ren’s eye snapped open from sleep. His room was dark, lit only by a few LEDs from the
monitor above his bed. The bed was softer than he expected, though it didn’t match the
comfort of Leblanc’s, no matter how hard that one was. The only sound was the soft hiss of
the air ventilation pumping in fresh air. It was comfortably cool in his room, allowing him to
make full use of the surprisingly plush blanket.
But despite everything, Ren didn’t think he could fall back asleep. He slowly moved, getting
out of the bed. He heard something stir. “Ren? What are you doing?” Morgana asked
groggily from where he was curled up. “It’s…. 4 am in the morning.”
He smiled ruefully. “Just having a bit of staying asleep,” he whispered back. “I’m just going
to walk for a bit.”
Morgana blinked sleepily. “Alright. Just-Just don’t take too long,” he murmured, yawning
before curling back up and going back to sleep.
Ren pressed his hand on the panel, the door sliding open as usual. Morgana grumbled and
shifted to face away as the dim lights of the hallway fell on him. Stepping out, he walked
through the silent halls of Chaldea. Many of the lights were deactivated to simulate nighttime
so people could adjust their circadian rhythms properly. The floor lights still illuminated
enough so someone could still navigate the hallways easily if need be. His footsteps echoed
slightly in the hallways. It felt even emptier than usual.
Coming to the cafeteria, most of the lights were off. The only exception was the kitchen,
which was still fully illuminated. Ren blinked as his eyes adjusted to the much brighter
lighting. Walking in, he grabbed some coffee beans from the storeroom and began to make
himself a cup.
“I didn’t expect you to be up so early, Master.”
Ren nearly jumped through the ceiling at the murmured comment. Standing a small distance
away was Rider. Her stance was relaxed, though it was hard to tell what she was thinking –
he couldn’t exactly see her eyes, after all. Nevertheless, there was a small frown of
disapproval on her lips. “While I know little of human beverages, I’m certain this one will
not help you sleep,” she pointed out, turning slightly towards the coffee makers as emphasis.
He blinked, then chuckled sheepishly. “It soothes me more than you’d think,” he replied as he
watched the coffee drip into the pot. The smell and taste were something that just stuck with
him. It reminded him of his true home, a place he was far more comfortable in than when he
lived with his parents. All his friends pointed out he smelled like coffee when he lived in
Leblanc’s attic. It annoyed him at first, but he grew to accept it. Nothing wrong with smelling
like home – especially when its coffee. “Would you like a cup, Rider?”
The Servant frowned again. “You are aware Servants do not require food, Master?”

Ren sighed. “Yes, and frankly, I don’t care,” he replied bluntly. “As Morgana said, you can
think, talk, and act like a person, enough to believe your taste buds are probably like a
person’s too. I think you would appreciate it, at the very least. Some don’t, but at least they
can taste it.”
Rider hesitated, then nodded. Ren smiled and grabbed another cup. It wasn’t too long before
it was ready. Pouring it out, he handed a cup over to Rider before taking a small sip himself,
letting his tongue taste all the nuanced flavors of the brew. It calmed his nerves. The caffeine
probably wouldn’t be enough to keep him awake either, given how much he drank overall.
The Servant forced on the black, hot liquid, then took a small sip herself. She flinched
slightly at the taste. “Bitter,” she commented.
Her Master chuckled. “Yeah, it’s like that for most at first,” he said. “You just have to take
your time with it. Just small sips so you can taste the different flavors. I’ll admit, coffee’s not
for everyone, but it wouldn’t hurt to try at the very least.”
She hummed in consideration before taking another slow sip, taking Ren’s words into
consideration. It was still bitter as all get out, but she was starting to get some other flavors in
there. Faint, but certainly intriguing. She would have to drink more to get a full feel of it. But
perhaps some other time – the bitterness still stayed on her tongue like an unpleasant stain.
What was it called? An acquired taste?
Discarding her thoughts, she lowered her cup. “May I ask why you’re awake, Master?” she
asked, her voice barely traveling the room. “We do require you to be at your best, after all.”
Ren glanced over to her, then sighed. “Just… bad dreams, I guess,” he replied, smiling
sheepishly at how childish that excuse sounded. “I had a lot of things on my mind. Fate of the
world and all, as well as figuring out my magecraft and everything else. It’s a lot to handle.
And…” He hesitated, staring down into the cup at his reflection. Even with how dark it was,
he could see how tired he was, and it wasn’t from the fact he just rolled out of bed. “I guess
I’m worried about killing people. It’s… not something I want to do. I haven’t killed anyone
yet. Killing Servants is… different. But killing actual people…”
Killing Servants was surprisingly easier to justify than Ren had expected. He treated it as no
more than killing Shadows. Shadows were surprisingly sentient, able to talk and negotiate as
necessary, sometimes even beg for their life. Many of them were humanoid in appearance as
well. If he needed to, he could press them for items, money, or their allegiance. Or he just
executed them if they had nothing he needed. Shadows were just copies from the sea of souls,
just as Servants were copies from the Throne of Heroes. Looking at it through that lens, it
really wasn’t all too different except for power.
“The fact you are concerned about it says more than you realize,” Rider murmured. She
turned her head to face Ren a bit more. Though she was still wearing her blindfold, Ren knew
her eyes were directly on him. “You know of my myth, correct? I was a monster of the
Shapeless Isle. I have killed many who have come for my head. And I’ve also killed those
who didn’t deserve it. Sometimes, it was because I had to. Others, it was because of
circumstances.”

Rider could still remember the faces of countless men, their expressions twisted into one of
terror as she either froze them solid in stone or devoured without being able to resist. She
looked down at the floor. “I did not have the luxury of choice when it came to killing,
Master,” she continued. “But at least you do. If you are already agonizing over it, then you
are more innocent than most would think, despite your experience.” She gave a small smile.
“I’ve seen little of you, but I’ve observed. Your words, your actions, your mannerisms, and
the other Servants at your call. You’ll no doubt take a path that involves the least amount of
blood possible, if any. As your Servant, I will create that path for you as best I can.”
Ren blinked in surprise. He had just summoned Rider, but the support he was getting was
already impressive. He chuckled, taking another sip. “Well, it’s greatly appreciated, Rider. I
hope I live up to your expectations,” he replied returning her smile. “I guess I probably just
have nerves about this. I’ll deal with it when it comes to it. It’s worked out pretty well so far.”
Indeed, Ren had been thrown headfirst into his whole adventure a bit more than a year ago.
More often than not, him and his friends just improvised and worked through whatever
obstacles came their way. It got a bit cleaner when Makoto and Futaba joined and were able
to plan things accordingly, but it had still been messy overall. But they overcame everything
and stuck to their ideals in the end.
Perhaps he would be able to do so here too.
“If you are stressed, I can possibly help you with relief, my Master,” Rider offered. Ren
looked over, blinking as he tried to parse what she meant. Then he saw the little sultry smile
she had and paled. Wait, was she propositioning what he thought she was? Wasn’t that a bit
forward of her? There wouldn’t be too much of an issue given she’s an absolute bombshell of
a woman any man would settle down with – wait, no, there was still an issue! He opened his
mouth to refuse when another idea popped into his mind.
“Actually, Rider, yes, there is a way you can help me,” he replied, relaxing into a small smile.
That had Rider’s attention.
A few minutes later, Ren was laying on his stomach on one of the cafeteria benches as Rider
kneaded and worked on his muscles. “I will admit, I didn’t expect this,” she murmured, a bit
nonplussed as her hands worked out his knots around the shoulder blades.
“Don’t underestimate the power of a good massage, Rider,” Ren deadpanned, his voice
muffled by the bench. “It’s far more relaxing than you’d think.” He thought back to those
times Kawakami massaged him back in Tokyo. Her services each time were five thousand
yen, but screw that – they were worth twenty times that much in his eyes. He almost cried
tears of sheer joy when she continued to offer massages despite no longer working as a maid.
“I shall take your word for it,” Rider commented as she continued to work. She had to control
her strength as she worked – last thing she needed to do was break his bones as she worked
on him, particularly his spine. But he was far more muscular than she expected. Most magi
didn’t really bother working out, especially one particular former Master who was far more
bark than any bite. But his musculature was far different than what she expected. They
weren’t just muscles one would get from exercising. No, these were deliberately trained for
flexibility, speed, and endurance. Most regular people didn’t have muscles like that.

Still, she took small delights – popping his back elicited small grunts of comfort from him
and working out particularly hard knots caused him to wince slightly in pain. A small smirk
creased her lips. Seeing her Master in such a state was rather enjoyable for her. He was
surprisingly tough too. But no, he relied on her to do a good job, and so she would. After
working out the last bit of muscles on his lower back, she stood back up. “Was my
performance satisfactory?” she quietly asked.
Ren got up, rolled his shoulders, and stretched. “Not just satisfactory, that was amazing,” he
commented, beaming at Rider. “I’ll definitely sleep like a baby now. Thanks a lot!”
Rider nodded, the movement barely perceptible – as was her smile. “In that case, you should
go back to sleep, Master. Should you require my services again, you only need to ask.”
He chuckled. “I’ll hold you to that,” Ren replied with a grin. “Goodnight, Rider. I’ll see you
in the morning.”
She watched as her Master left the cafeteria after taking their cups to the sink. His dedication
and innocence were something to behold. It reminded her of a certain girl a long time ago –
one whose strength was hidden under countless tragedies but did her absolute best to remain
strong. Innocent yet tempered at the same time. She had seen beauty in that and served her as
loyally as possible. Just as he would serve her new Master on whatever path he walked.
“What a curious Master I have,” she purred as she vanished once more into spiritual form.
In the command center, Roman’s sleep-deprived eyes widened as a blip appeared on his
monitor.
A Singularity had been located.

Chapter End Notes

Joker's Guts: Lvl 5 - Lionhearted
If you guys are cheesed about the lack of characterization that Rider and Saber got
compared to Archer and Lancer, I'm right there with you, believe me. I'll most likely be
able to hash something out during the Orleans singularity or something else. I just need
to brainstorm more ideas.

Chapter 11: First Sortie
Chapter Summary

Preparation and hitting the ground running are key to any battlefield... if nothing goes
wrong, that is.

Chapter Notes

And here we go. Chapters might be a bit slower as I research how the singularity goes so
I can actually follow the story properly.

Ren and Morgana marched through the hallways, with Ren withholding a yawn as best he
could as he pulled on the jacket of his uniform. Mash had woken them up early in the
morning, telling them to head to the Command Center as soon as possible – a Singularity had
been found. They both almost immediately hopped out of bed and hurriedly got dressed
before heading out. As they entered the Command Center, just about everyone had already
gathered: Roman and da Vinci were front and center. Mash was there as well, with their four
Servants in differing state of alertness.
Roman nodded, flashing a brief smile as he caught sight of the two. “Good morning, Ren,
Morgana,” he greeted as cordially as possible. “Sorry to wake you up so early and abruptly,
but as Mash told you, we’ve found a Singularity.” Turning around, he tapped a few keys on
his computer. The fireball of CHALDEAS whirled and vanished, changing into a globe once
more, with an indicator pointing out a spot on Europe.
“The Singularity has been located here – in 1432 AD of France,” Roman briefed. “According
to history, this was the period just after the saint Jeanne d’Arc was burned at the stake.” That
was a name both Ren and Morgana knew well enough, both from popular fiction and their
history studies at school. The infamous Maid of Orleans was known worldwide for a reason.
“It’ll be in the middle of the Hundred Years’ War, but this era is during the war’s respite
period so there shouldn’t be too much conflict overall.” Ren had to hold back a snort. When
was that ever true?
“We’ve detected signs of a Holy Grail’s power at work here,” Roman continued. “Your
objective will be similar to what you went through in Fuyuki: Identify the location of the
Holy Grail and retrieve it. Once removed, it will result in the Singularity collapsing and
Proper Human History being restored, at least for that timeline. Mash will be coming with
you, of course, and we can dispatch two Servants with what power we have right now. So go
ahead and pick who you want to come with, Ren. Morgana.”

The two Masters considered the four Servants before them. Thanks to their capabilities as
Masters, they could see the skills and capabilities of each of them, deciding on what they
needed or didn’t need.
“We’re gonna need someone for reconnaissance,” Morgana started, crossing his arms (he had
changed to his bipedal form for the briefing and mission). Ren nodded, agreeing. They
needed to know the lay of the land first and figure things out. After all, it wasn’t exactly like
a Palace where there would be a map laying around they could use. To that end, the decision
would be between Archer and Rider. “Roman, think you can get us a map of the general
region?”
Roman nodded, then said, “Yeah, of course!” Tapping a few more keys, a hologram of the
area appeared. “This isn’t an accurate map of the Singularity, though,” he clarified. “We’re
just using geographic data that was preserved in our archives.” The Masters looked at the
hologram regardless. Largely countryside with not much elevation or raised hills… Well, that
certainly made things easier.
“Archer, you’ll be coming with us,” Morgana said, nodding to the red-mantled Servant.
“Your eyesight won’t be hindered by any elevation so you’ll see for miles around.”
Archer nodded. “Of course, Master,” he replied, getting up from where he was leaning. Rider
made no move or answer, seemingly deferring to their Masters’ decision.
“We’ll also need a fighter as well,” Ren added. While Rider was very capable of fighting, she
was better for hit and run strikes, not for full on combat. To that end, that left Lancer and
Saber, both of them preeminent in frontline combat. Ren considered. This was new, unknown
territory and they didn’t want to attract attention. The latter part was especially important. He
nodded to Lancer. “Lancer, you’re up. Saber, your presence would probably attract too much
attention.”
Lancer grinned like he was promised a good time while Saber simply nodded. “Of course,”
she replied gracefully. “I commend you for being able to calmly analyze the situation and
create a strategy to quickly.” Ren smiled gratefully. A compliment from someone like King
Arthur was solid in his books. If he told the others that, their eyes would probably pop out.
If he got the chance to.
Before they could dispatch, da Vinci stepped forward. “Before you go, my giovane prodigio
and gatto magnifico, I’ve finished your requests,” she said, a smile of satisfaction and
anticipation adorning her features. “Please, follow me to my workshop, and let the supergenius da Vinci show you what wonders she made!”
Roman sighed tiredly at her boasting, giving the two Masters a long-suffering smile. “Go
ahead,” he told them. “I’ll warm up the Coffins in the meantime and get everyone else
prepped.” Ren and Morgana nodded. Archer and Lancer walked towards the devices,
followed by Mash who flashed them a quick, excited smile first before following the two
Servants. Ren had to smile at her enthusiasm. Still, going back to Middle Ages France? That
would certainly be a unique experience.

Following the Caster, they walked through the hallways before they finally came to da
Vinci’s workshop. Stepping in, Ren and Morgana had to gape at everything they saw. The
entire room felt like something out of a fantasy – well, more so – with magical projects
everywhere, with all sorts of blueprints, paintings, and drawings strewn about. Things they
couldn’t even begin to make heads or tails of as they moved through, doing their absolute
best not to touch anything. There was somehow even windows with warm sunlight pouring
in, adding a warm, comfy aesthetic to place.
“Yusuke would’ve gone crazy over this room,” Morgana whispered in awe. Ren could only
nod numbly in agreement, still looking about in wonder.
“Ah, you’ve a friend who would recognize the genius of my workshop?” da Vinci replied,
grinning back at them.
Ren blinked as she hooked his attention and nodded. “Yes. One of our friends is…
passionately dedicated to art,” he answered. That was an understatement – it was more like he
had sold his soul toward the world of art. Yusuke always looked for inspiration, painting and
sketching whatever came to him from any source. It was exasperating at times (especially
when it ate into his food budgets), but there was much to admire from that strength of
passion. “I think you would’ve liked him, da Vinci,” he added, his voice dropping a bit in
volume. “Art was everything to him, and to meet and work with an artist like you would’ve
been a dream come true.”
Her ever-present smile softened with sympathy. “Then I look forward to meeting him after
you reunite, ragazzo,” da Vinci replied kindly. Ren looked up in surprise, then nodded with a
grin. Right. After the singularities were resolved, humanity would be restored, and he would
see them again. Maybe he could bring them all to Chaldea – or bring people from Chaldea
over to Tokyo. Yusuke would certainly like to meet with da Vinci and…
Actually, no, terrible idea. They would bounce off each other so much they’d create an art
apocalypse. The world wasn’t ready for that. It never will.
She finally came to a counter where multiple items lay on a tray. The first was a knife. “As
you requested, my giovane prodigio, your knife,” she explained. It was a surprisingly large
affair with an oddly designed leather sheath. Taking hold of it, da Vinci unsheathed it. It
looked fairly standard, with a black blade edged with steel. The blade was about a foot in
length with an ergonomic grip. It didn’t look like anything fancy, but it would do the job.
“You also requested a gun but I was thinking, ‘Trying to switch between one or the other
would be tricky, and you don’t seem to me the type to use one in each hand.’” With a smile,
she channeled some prana into the knife. It glowed and shifted, folding in on itself into a
pistol. Ren and Morgana gaped.
“Well, you truly are a genius, da Vinci,” Ren chuckled, marveling at the weapon.
The self-proclaimed super-genius grinned. “I know, but it’s nice to hear it from you
regardless, my dear ragazzo,” she responded airily. “Now, your gun can fire bolts of prana. It
utilizes mana – the ambient magical energy in the world – with formalcraft absorbing and
converting it for your use. I would say it’s about the equivalent power of a regular gun. Good
for normal use, but useless against Servants.” She held up gun cartridges. “These bullets,

however, are broken – oversaturated with prana. These will certainly be a threat to Servants,
however minor. I don’t think I need to tell you to use them wisely.”
Ren nodded as he considered the possibilities. Although he stopped with his Phantom Thief
activities, he still hit the arcade and regularly played the shooters there. He developed a taste
for them after being trained so long. He had managed to set records on every shooter arcade
game there with ease and up until now had been unbeatable. Shinya had been a great
marksmanship teacher after all.
His smile faltered at the memory, but he recovered before anyone could notice. He took the
offered gun and held it up, making sure to keep his fingers off the trigger. He poured prana
into it – a practice da Vinci taught during a lesson in magecraft – and watched it turn into the
knife form instead. The cartridge was inserted in the handle so there were no problems there.
Da Vinci nodded. “Good! Now, in gun form, you can switch between using bullets and not
over here.” She had Ren switch it back to gun form and pointed to a small switch mounted on
the side. “The neutral position fires the prana, while special fires the bullets. Simple, no?”
Grinning, he nodded. “You’ve really outdone yourself, da Vinci,” he complimented as he
switched back to the knife form again, easily spinning it in his hands. Ren and Morgana had
been worried – they didn’t bring any of their weapons along, leaving them either at home, in
storage, or just selling them off. They didn’t have any use for them now that the Metaverse
was gone. There was no way in hell they would bring any of their weapons with them to
Chaldea, not with the very stringent security checks. Sure, the weapons were just models, but
that hardly made a difference. And even then, they didn’t really have a reason to bring them.
But even in the Metaverse, having a weapon that could switch between a knife and a gun was
something that will very much come in handy.
The Caster smiled broadly. “Ah, that’s wonderful to hear, my giovane prodigio!” she
exclaimed. Then her smile broadened as she leaned forward on the counter. “Is it comparable
to the gear you used during your time as a Phantom Thief?”
The air around them immediately froze. Ren stopped twisting the knife in shock, gripping it
now until his knuckles turned white as Morgana bristled. Arsene and Zorro were at the
forefront as they started to flow prana through their circuits, ready to bring them out at the
slightest provocation. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Ren replied stiffly. Already,
he was calculating how fast he could get to the door and get out if need be. If they set Arsene
and Zorro on her at the same time, it should be enough of a diversion to get out of the room.
And then Da Vinci giggled, seemingly unconcerned. “For Phantom Thieves, you two are terrible liars,”
she pointed out, amused. “Don’t worry, my ragazzo and gatto. No one knows except me, not
even Roman or Mash. You merely reminded me of something I saw some time ago, and I
decided to look into it. For a super-genius like me, finding information on the two of you
wasn’t hard – especially when it was so readily available.” She walked over to her computer
and tapped a few keys. Within moments, a video began playing. Ren and Morgana’s eyes
widened as it played something incredibly familiar: Their calling card to Shido, courtesy of
Futaba’s hacking. What made it a dead giveaway was Morgana’s inhuman silhouette as all

the Phantom Thieves stood with their backs to the light, and Ren himself stepping forth, the
light revealing his features despite his mask.
Morgana flinched. They had made a very crucial error in protecting their identities. They had
forgotten that they were probably being investigated thanks to their experience and unnatural
gifts and let their guard down.
Da Vinci closed the video, turning back to them with a more excited smile. “I looked more
into your activities, the more I was impressed,” she explained happily. “From a lecherous
high school teacher to a CEO to an upcoming politician! And I must especially thank you for
exposing Madarame. That man is an insult to artists everywhere, and I wouldn’t even permit
such a man to breathe the same air in my vicinity, if at all.” At the last bit, despite still
wearing a smile, they both could feel a very dangerous aura creep into her presence and knew
her opinion of the counterfeiter and exploiter couldn’t be any lower.
As she rambled though, both Ren and Morgana gradually relaxed, looking at each other in
puzzlement. Morgana looked back up at da Vinci. “So… you’re not going to rat us out?” he
slowly asked.
Da Vinci laughed. “Oh goodness no, my gatto magnifico!” she exclaimed. “If anything, I’ve
become a fan of your work! Or perhaps a Phangirl, as it was called?” Both Ren and Morgana
flinched at that. They certainly didn’t need the reminder of their fanbase, courtesy of
Mishima and his Phantom Thieves website. It was useful for information and even helped
saved the day more than once or twice, but that didn’t mean they didn’t cringe at it from time
to time. Her smile settled into a gentler one. “However, I do suggest eventually talking about
it to Roman or Mash,” she suggested. “They are both concerned about you two. Especially
you, Ren. You didn’t have it easy, did you?”
Ren gulped. He wondered how much da Vinci knew, how much she had found out. Sure, she
had realized they were Phantom Thieves and was able to follow their trail of targets, but did
she know about what happened? Why he was in Tokyo in the first place, and everything that
came after? No. It was impossible to know that, right? His criminal record was expunged on
false charges, after all. She was already verging on dangerous territory if she decided to
research how they did their work in the first place as well. “No, I certainly didn’t,” he
admitted. A half-truth would suffice here. “I’ll tell them in time. But not right now. Not when
we’ve a mission to accomplish.”
The genius pouted but nodded at that. That was as good as they were going to get. Moving
on, da Vinci gave Morgana a metal slingshot that, like Ren’s weapon, could transform into a
cutlass. She also handed him a bag of projectiles he could use, also broken with prana. “Now,
I suppose I should tell you something,” she added. “I may be a super-genius, but sometimes
even geniuses can be limited with what materials they have on hand. However, there might
be more fantastical materials to work with in the Singularities. I’ll let you know if there’s
something I can use to upgrade your weapons.” Ren nodded. That sounded good to him and
Morgana.
The last bit of gear were multiple flashbangs and smoke bombs, designed to confuse even
Servants unless they had some sort of detection skill. They didn’t get their workstation yet
though – there just wasn’t room to make one. It would be a bit longer before a room was

vacated and they could spare the materials needed. That was fine by Ren and Morgana – that
part wasn’t a particular issue. They had the most important items on the list. Although
speaking of…
“One last favor, da Vinci,” Ren said as they were just about to head out the door. “Can you
fashion something so Rider doesn’t have to wear her blindfold all the time?”
Da Vinci blinked, then giggled again. “How considerate of you. Of course, ragazzo, so long
as you tell me how your weapon handles. Now, better head back to the Command Center.
Best of luck with the Singularity!”
Ren nodded, and with that, they left Da Vinci’s workshop after securing their respective
weapons. Roman looked up at them and noticed their new gear. He sighed. “I would tell you
to leave the fighting to the Servants but you’re not going to listen to me, are you?” he
grumbled, rubbing his eyes.
“Nope!” Morgana agreed cheerfully before walking past him. Ren just gave him a rueful grin
as he followed Morgana.
The Coffins were extremely apply named: Large, cylindrical chambers meant to hold only
one person each. They were designed to cut off power if the Rayshift success rate was
anywhere below 95%, which was why nobody else had shifted with them to the Singularity
after Lev’s sabotage with a bomb. Ren looked at them and sighed. Well, at least he didn’t
have claustrophobia. Or if he did, it was more or less beaten out of him with the jail cell in
the Velvet Room.
Mash beamed at him as he stepped forward. “It’s our first official Singularity, senpai,” she
noted, looking over at the Coffins. “I’m a bit nervous.”
Ren chuckled. “Same, but I’m sure we can handle anything that comes our way,” he replied.
“Especially with such a reliable kouhai coming along,” he further added, flashing a smirk her
direction that turned her face red once more. He felt a quick pang of killing intent however
and spun around. It came from… Roman’s direction? Who had his head buried in his
monitor? He frowned. Was he imagining things? He turned back around and saw Archer
smirking and Lancer throwing a shit-eating grin in his direction. Shaking his head, he called
out, “Alright, let’s get moving – this Singularity won’t resolve itself.”
With that, they all entered the Coffins, the doors sealing in as the interior began to light up.

Unsummon Program start.
Spiritron Conversion start.
Rayshift starting in 3, 2, 1…
All procedures cleared.
Grand Order commencing operation.

With that, there was a flash of light, a whirlwind of energy, and Ren once more saw nothing.
First Singularity – AD 1431, Hundred Years’ War of the Evil Dragons: Orleans

When they came to, Ren blinked. They were standing on a verdant countryside with a mild
sun bearing down on them. A bird chirped in the distance. He looked about. All around, it
almost seemed to be an idyllic place. He couldn’t recall ever visiting such a place. Even in
parks, everything felt ‘developed’ – concrete paths and fences, rented boats out on the water,
with nature strategically planned and developed to whatever the architect wanted. But here, it
just felt… peaceful.
“Fou, fou!”
Ren blinked as he saw a white ball of hair dart past him and settle on Mash’s shoulder, who
also appeared nearby, drinking in the scenery. “Oh, Fou, did you sneak with us as well?” she
asked, smiling as she pet the little creature. She looked back at Ren. “This is the first time
we’ve officially rayshifted with the Coffins,” she noted. “It seems there are no complications
or physical anomalies. Are you okay, senpai? Morgana?”
Ren nodded in affirmation. He looked about and saw the two Servants nearby as well. “All
okay over there?” he called over.
Lancer shrugged. “No problems here, Master. Just kinda bored.”
“Um, guys?” Morgana called out. He had been first to notice it since he had to look up at
everyone else, and as a corollary, the sky. “Look up.”
They all blinked in surprise and looked up – and saw a gigantic ring of light in the sky. Ren’s
watch beeped as Roman came through. “Ah, finally got through, with a video feed too!” he
exclaimed with relief. “Hm? What are you guys all looking… at…” Roman’s eyes widened.
“What kind of phenomenon – no, it’s magecraft,” he murmured, typing away at his computer.
“I’ve found no records of such a thing happening in 1431… damn. Ren, Morgana, Mash.
We’ll analyze it on our end. See if you can find a leyline to set up base. After that, try to
contact the locals here. We’ll upload a translation program now so you won’t have to deal
with the language barrier.”
Ren looked back down and nodded. While he was passable enough in English, he certainly
didn’t speak a lick of French.
“Masters, hate to interrupt but we’ve a problem,” Archer said. He had already climbed a
small hill to look about. He pointed in a direction. “There’s a fort over there under siege. I
can already see skeletons fighting with human soldiers over there.” Morgana’s eye’s widened
as he ran up to meet Archer. He squinted his eyes as he looked at where Archer was pointing.

“Wow, I can see the fort and the fight, but not much else,” Morgana commented. Then he
frowned. “Still, we can’t just hang around here. Joker, what do you think we should do?”
Ren didn’t even hesitate. “Archer, Lancer, go ahead of us and provide backup to the
soldiers,” he commanded. “Mash, stick with us. We’ll be right behind you.” Breaking up the
group was probably a bad idea, but there weren’t any other hostiles detected, and the people
there needed the help immediately. It wasn’t that far a distance to travel after all, and if they
were ambushed, Mash, Ren, and Morgana could take care of themselves until the other two
made their way back.
Lancer grinned. “Alright, just don’t complain we’re not leaving any for you!” he shouted. He
lowered himself into a track runner’s start, then took off, leaving only a gust of wind and a
small cloud of dust. Archer gave a small sigh. “I’ll find a better vantage point first and
provide cover fire,” he explained before he went into spiritual form.
Ren, Morgana, and Mash looked at each other and nodded. “Let’s go,” Ren ordered. With
that, they began running towards the fort. It wasn’t too far away, but even a few feet felt too
far for Ren. He dearly wished that Morgana could turn into a bus, but with how cognitions
were at the moment, it just wasn’t possible. Besides, he doubted the people of Medieval
France could even conceive of a cat turning into a bus – they weren’t aware of what a bus
even was to begin with.
As they approached, they could see signs of combat more clearly – the flash of Lancer’s
spear as he weaved through combat, soldiers struggling against skeletons, and numerous
arrows sailing down from somewhere, rapidly picking off groups or strays. When they got
closer, they could see that the soldiers had been struggling, given the trail of dead bodies they
were forced to leave behind, but the presence of Archer and Lancer were able to easily turn
the tide. As Ren saw the dead bodies, he swallowed back the bile that rose in the back of his
throat. He had been too late by just minutes. Could he have saved them if he was faster?
Still, there was little time to think about that. Moving quickly, they approached the rear of
one of the last contingents of skeletons. Ren unsheathed his knife as Morgana took out his
cutlass and Mash summoned her shield. Charging in, Ren cut through a skeleton, his knife
cutting through with only token resistance to the bones. Morgana leapt up and cut off a
skeleton’s head while Mash smashed through yet another. The skeletons were slow to turn,
too slow before the three mowed through the group without much of a hassle. Before they
could retaliate, another swarm of arrows came down, destroying the few remaining
stragglers.
“Huh, guess I left you some after all!” Lancer commented cheerfully, meeting back up with
them. He wasn’t even breathing hard at all from racing to the fort and fighting off skeletons.
Ren and Morgana had to catch their breath a bit. Servants were certainly a different breed
altogether than they expected.
Archer reappeared by their side from spiritual form shortly thereafter. “For now, no further
enemy presences, Master,” he reported.
Ren smiled and nodded to both of them gratefully. “Good work, guys,” he responded.
Straightening up, he looked over at the soldiers. Many of them had their spears pointed to the

group, though their grips were shaking. He gulped. There were only a handful of soldiers left
– it would be far too easy for anyone to just mow them down or rush past them if they wanted
to.
“W-Who are you?” one of the soldiers fearfully called out. “A-Are you English? Or are you
the D-Dragon Witch’s minions?!”
They all looked at each other. Mash stepped forward. “Greetings,” she called out. Her shield
was gone and her hands were up – the universal sign of non-aggression. “We’re travelers and
protectors. We only wish to know what’s happening during this time. Who is this Dragon
Witch?”
Another soldier narrowed his eyes. “Travelers and – Lies! You want to get into our good
graces and kill us, don’t you? Why else would you be wielding a cursed spear and
accompanied by a demon cat?!”
Mash blinked in surprise and looked over. Lancer glanced at his Gae Bolg and just rubbed the
back of his neck sheepishly. Morgana’s mouth dropped and he lost his temper. “I’m not a
demon cat!” he roared back, jumping in a fury. “I’m just the most amazing cat you’ll ever
see!” Meanwhile, Ren and Archer were both mastering their expressions as best they could,
despite growing exasperation. Already, diplomacy and negotiations were breaking down, and
in one of the most annoying ways possible.
Before Mash could respond, a roar sounded out in the distance, immediately catching
everyone’s attention. Archer frowned as he summoned his twin blades once more, Lancer
whirled his spear into a ready stance, and Mash summoned her shield back to her.
The soldiers were not nearly so composed, stepping back as their grip on their weapons
quivered. One even dropped his spear. “Th-they’re coming!” one stammered out. “They ARE
th-the D-Dragon Witch’s m-minions, they b-brought her c-creatures right t-to us!”
Ren gritted his teeth. He almost had enough of this when another figure suddenly raced forth.
A woman with beautiful golden hair raced forth, adorned in armor. In her hand was a flagpole
with the flag itself unfurled, a spearhead mounted on the tip. “Douse yourselves in water to
avoid their fire breath!” she barked out. Her pure voice rang out like steel through the air.
“You there,” she pointed to the soldier with soldier who dropped his spear. “Pick up your
weapon! Brave soldiers of France, with me!” The soldiers looked at each other, but frankly,
having someone take the front and leading them was better than dealing with this themselves
or just running when they could be picked off.
Before any of them could ask who she was, a small group of wyverns plunged down from the
air. They were about twice the size of an average man, their eyes ravenous for another meal.
They swooped down, talons extended, seeking to grab a meal. The woman swung her
flagpole up, knocking the wyvern out of the air and sending it crashing to the ground. Archer
threw two pairs of his curved blades, the swords arcing through the air as they spun,
burrowing themselves into the belly and wings of another swooping wyvern. Lancer in turn
threw his spear, the weapon speeding out and burrowing itself in the throat of one coming
right for him. Jumping aside, he held out his hand as the spear dislodged itself and flew right
back to him.

“Archer, Lancer, kill and thin them out as much as you can!” Ren shouted. “Mash, Morgana,
with me – we need to protect those soldiers!”
“Yes, senpai!”
“You got it, Joker!”
The wyvern the young woman had knocked to the ground unsteadily got back to its feet,
glaring murderously at her. It reared its breath and fired a jet of flame. The woman’s eyes
widened. She could dodge the flames, but the soldiers were right behind her. If she moved –
The dilemma was rapidly solved with Mash moving in between, her shield blocking the
flames as they splashed around the metal. Ren and Morgana took a flank each, their gun and
slingshot firing. Their shots bounced off the wyvern’s scales with little effect besides making
it irritated. Ren amended his aim and fire again – and scored a clean shot at the wyvern’s eye.
The creature roared in pain as its eye was put out, turning in rage towards Ren and charging.
His eyes widened as he jumped out of the way, a claw barely missing him.
“Senpai!” Mash cried out in terror. She charged forward, lifting her shield as a claw meant
for Ren smashed down, gritting her teeth as the claws scraped against the metal. Morgana
moved in, his cutlass carving a bloody furrow on the wyvern’s wing before jumping back,
causing the beast to once more roar in pain. His eyes widened as the wyvern prepared to
breathe fire. Mash was just a bit too far away to protect him as Ren raised his gun –
A rank of spearmen closed in, thrusting at the wyvern’s unprotected backside. It roared in
pain, its aim thrown off and causing a gout of fire to veer wildly off course. The young
woman earlier charged in past Mash, smashing her flag down on the wyvern’s head. Mash
moved in after her and gave it no time to recover bashing it with her shield in turn. Ren and
Morgana ran about, providing a distraction with covering fire as Mash and the woman
fought. Before long, it was dealt with, with the young woman driving her spear into the
wyvern’s head.
Ren looked around. The other wyverns had been dealt with by Archer and Lancer, neither of
them worse for wear. The soldiers were still wary but they didn’t raise their spears at them
this time. The young woman breathed a sigh of relief. “Praise be to Him I was in time,” she
murmured. She looked up at the group and gave a grateful smile. “You have my thanks,
travelers, for protecting my people. Might I have your name?”
He blinked, then met her smile with one of his own. “I’m Ren Amamiya,” he introduced
himself. “The one with the shield is Mash, and that’s Morgana. The other two are our
companions, Archer and Lancer.” The young woman’s eyes widened slightly at the names
but didn’t comment on it. “And you are?”
The young woman smiled. “I am Jeanne d’Arc. Please to make your acquaintance.”

Chapter 12: The Saint
Chapter Summary

Meeting a saint, then figuring out where to go from there. Standard procedure.

Chapter Notes

So, it's been... 2 weeks? And I'm currently at over 3k hits and 100 kudos. That's...
honestly insane. Thank you guys so much. I'll keep doing my best so I hope you enjoy!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“I-It’s her! The Dragon Witch!”
Ren blinked as he looked at the soldiers, all of whom were shrinking with fear at Jeanne.
Morgana frowned at them and yelled, “Hey, what’s the big idea?! She just helped save your
butts from those wyverns and that’s how you act?! If she’s really the Dragon Witch, do you
think she’d bother?!”
The soldiers didn’t falter, holding up their spears still menacing the group. “D-do you really
think we’d b-believe that?!” the soldier in front demanded. “She could just b-be f-fooling us
and have us l-lower our g-guards! W-we know wh-what you’ve done. Y-you’ve c-consorted
with the D-Devil and c-came back from the d-dead, killed the king with hellfire a-and
butchered Orleans! Y-you’re nothing more th-than a demon!”
That caused Ren, Mash, and Morgana to gape at Jeanne. Nothing about any of what the man
said added up. Even discarding the Servant in front of them, the Jeanne d’Arc in recorded
history was well-known for her love and passion for France, leading its people against the
English. Not to mention, as Ren recalled, the king was someone that Jeanne personally had
helped raise to the throne. These actions may make sense if it was in revenge, perhaps, but
massacring innocent people? That didn’t make sense.
The Ruler didn’t even raise a protest and just smiled sadly. “It’s fine, I can understand how it
looks,” she murmured. “We’ve helped how we could. Please, follow me – I’d like to speak
with you, and we should probably do so away from these men.” She began walking into the
nearby forest, leaving the small group to look at each other.
Ren sighed. “She doesn’t seem like a bad person overall,” he finally said. “Besides, we need
information anyway. Probably better to follow her. Besides, if something happens, Archer,
Lancer, Mash, I think you guys will have it covered.”

Morgana hesitated, then nodded, as did the Servants. They trusted Ren’s judgement. That
being said, as they walked after her, Morgana and Mash were by Ren’s side. Lancer moved a
small distance behind, his bored expression belied by the fact that his eyes were darting
about, looking for any threats, as well as the fact his spear was resting on his shoulder. Archer
was much the same, a slightly further distance away. All in all, the group looked rather casual
walking about, but it was a formation that would allow them to be ready at a moment’s
notice.
The sun was setting as they walked, with the promise of dusk in the very near future. Jeanne
stopped at a small forest clearing. “Here should be good,” Jeanne noted. Her flag was gone.
Turning around, she smiled and bowed to them. “Allow me introduce myself once more,” she
said. “I am Jeanne d’Arc, a Ruler class Servant. I’ve only manifested a few hours before to
aid France, but it seems my summoning was interfered with in some way – my stats are at
least a full rank lower and I’m lacking many abilities I should have as a Ruler, like my
command seals and the ability to discern true names from Servants.” She looked between
Lancer and Archer. “For instance, I only know your classes, but I have no inkling as to your
true names.”
Ren blinked and looked at his companions. “Ruler class Servants?” he asked.
“Certain Servants are summoned as arbiters of a Holy Grail War if it becomes either
stalemated or grows much larger than just seven Servants,” Archer supplied. “They are
typically considerably stronger than most Servants in other classes and come with their own
command seals that are useable on any Servant in that Grail War, as well as the ability to
discern their true names immediately. Having one on our side normally would be a major
advantage for us, but as she is now…”
Jeanne flinched as Archer’s eyes flicked towards her. “Yes, I’m not as strong or capable as I
should be,” she admitted ruefully. “However, my dedication to my country and home has not
wavered in the slightest, no matter what challenges there may be. This may not be a typical
Holy Grail War I’ve been summoned to, but I won’t let such trials bar me from saving my
people and land.” Jeanne’s eyes glimmered with pure determination and passion. She had
meant every word she had said, decreased strength and capabilities be damned – perhaps
literally.
Ren just chuckled. “In that case, I think we’ll get along,” he replied easily. “We’re with
Chaldea. Our job right now is to preserve human history by dealing with whatever’s causing
the disturbance. I’m Ren Amamiya, one of the Masters. This is Mash, our Shielder DemiServant.”
The Ruler looked over at Mash and blinked. “Shielder? Demi-Servant?” she asked for
clarification.
Mash summoned her shield as emphasis. “A human bearing a heroic spirit,” she explained.
“The Shielder class is a new designation as we have no information currently about the heroic
spirit itself. I’m not even sure what’s my Noble Phantasm.” The last part was said more
quietly. The fact that she didn’t know her heroic spirit or her Noble Phantasm still disturbed
her. She was strong, but she wasn’t as strong as she could be, and therefore didn’t know if she
was strong enough.

Jeanne gave a sympathetic smile. “I’m sorry I can’t help in that regard,” she told the girl.
“But you are a kind woman, Mash, with an earnest dedication to your Master and doing
what’s right. Whatever heroic spirit that dwells within you must be as noble as your heart,
with strength to match.”
The Shielder looked up blinking, then beamed happily and nodded. “Thank you for your kind
words, Madamoiselle Jeanne!” she chirped.
“J-Just call me Jeanne,” Jeanne stammered out, her face coloring pink in embarrassment.
“I’m merely a peasant girl. No need for such formalities!”
Ren just looked between the two with a smile. He cleared his throat to get Jeanne’s attention
once more. “Anyway, as we said earlier, that’s Archer and Lancer over there.” He jerked his
thumb in their direction. “I’ll leave it to them if they wanna introduce themselves or not.”
Lancer grinned, whirling his spear before it vanished. “Ah what the hell,” he said casually
with a shrug. “Not every day you get to meet a Saint. Cu Chulainn. Nice to meet ya!”
Archer smirked. “I will refrain,” he replied. “It is better for me to keep my identity a secret,
else my combat effectiveness is compromised.” Lancer just rolled his eyes and muttered
under his breath about how Archer probably had a sword summoned up his ass. A statement
that Archer completely and utterly ignored.
Jeanne noticed something – the fact that Morgana was staring at her extremely hard. But she
ignored that fact for one small detail. “Um… Morgana, if I may be so bold to ask,” she asked
hesitantly. “May… may I pet you?”
That caught everyone off guard. “Er, what?” said cat asked, startled out of his reverie.
“It’s just… you are very adorable, and I’ve not had much of a chance to pet cats in my village
or during my campaigns,” she explained shyly. “So, may I ask if I can pet you?”
Morgana looked flabbergasted for a second, then he saw the hope dancing in Jeanne’s eyes.
He sighed in resignation and slumped. “Go ahead,” he wearily replied. Jeanne grinned
happily, reached over, and began petting the inhuman yet still adorable catlike being.
Morgana couldn’t help but purr in response. Another set of hands joined in to pet him. He
opened his eyes and saw that Mash had succumbed to temptation and was petting his soft,
luxurious fur as well.
Meanwhile, Ren frowned slightly. He noticed Morgana was staring hard at Jeanne earlier –
not in suspicion, but perhaps recognition. Now that he thought about it, Jeanne did look
familiar. But where had he seen a young, beautiful looking young woman with blonde hair
before…? Then suddenly, the pieces clicked. He tapped his watch to connect to Roman, who
was focusing on his monitor on something. “Hey, Roman? You still have a video feed, right?”
Ren asked. “Is Saber available?”
Roman on the other side blinked. “Er, yeah. Why do you –“ He looked closer at the radio
feed, squinting… then his eyes widened. “Oh. Oh! Yeah, she should be available. Give me a
second…” He disappeared from the monitor for a second.

A minute or so later, Saber appeared. “Master, is something the matter?” she asked,
concerned.
Ren wordlessly turned the display to Jeanne, who had looked up from petting Morgana in
curiosity. Saber stared at Ruler, who in turned stared at Saber. Everyone – Ren, Mash,
Morgana, Lancer, and Archer - looked between the two Servants back and forth like it was a
tennis match as the realization slowly sunk in: That the two Servants – the English king and
the French saint – looked exactly the same.
“WHAT DEVILRY IS THIS?!”
There was no small discussion (read: dismayed and confused shouting) from both sides:
Accusations of an imposter, perhaps amnesiac identities, extremely distant relatives, or being
possessed by some spirit that gave them the same appearance. For the latter, Roman theorized
the spirit’s name started with a ‘T’ though he couldn’t quite remember, which everyone
dismissed it as rather fanciful thinking even by their standards, much to his dismay. However,
once the more hysterical and heated arguments died down, Saber and Ruler got along
surprisingly well.
“Your dedication to your people is most admirable, Ruler,” Saber complimented, smiling. “It
is a shame they cannot see that. However, I do not doubt that without your strength of
character, the country of France would stand so proudly as it does today. Take pride in that.”
“O-Oh, you flatter me, y-your majesty,” Jeanne hurriedly waved off. “I am simply a peasant
girl w-who was blessed to hear His will and was chosen to see it through. People rallied
around me, and I granted what succor and strength I could. You, however, are the King of
Knights: The standard of chivalry for all. You are what many knights aspire to, and I believe
would be for the good of all.”
Ren yawned from his seat against the tree as they continued talking. Saber and Ruler had
found a lot of commonalities in being the leaders of their people and figures of inspiration for
their respective countries, said countries’ rivalries notwithstanding. It wasn’t a surprise they
would be fast friends soon after. He idly wondered if he could summon Jeanne to Chaldea.
He had no doubt that Saber certainly wouldn’t mind, and she was a nice enough of a person.
They would all get along well.
Still, it was nice seeing people live to the hype. Between King Arthur and Jeanne d’Arc, it at
least disabused the notion that powerful leaders were all corrupt. Yoshida would’ve loved
talking to either of them – though Ren had no doubt even the aging Diet member-to-be would
be intimidated in talking to them, despite his experience in politics.
In the meantime, everyone else had set up camp for the evening. Lancer and Archer kept
watch while Mash and Morgana found firewood, the latter lighting it. A full moon was
gleaming in the darkening sky, a tapestry of stars slowly being unveiled as the sun sank on
the horizon. Ren would’ve helped out, but there wasn’t much for him to do, plus he didn’t
want to deprive either woman a chance to speak. Their conversation soon wrapped up, with a
small promise to speak to each other again at hopefully a more convenient setting overall –

perhaps over Ren’s coffee and curry (a shiver ran up his spine as he remembered Saber’s
appetite).
“So, we should probably talk about what we know,” Morgana started once everyone had
finished and gathered. “The soldiers called you, Jeanne, the Dragon Witch. Which you’re not
in the slightest – whether you’d actually do something like that or not, you only manifested a
few hours ago so you couldn’t have made your presence known, whether good or bad.”
Jeanne nodded, agreeing with the analysis.
“The soldiers are completely disorganized as well, with no organization or movements,”
Archer noted. He had spent his time surveying the lands around them. “They act like
chickens with their heads cut off, defending what spots they’ve been garrisoned in or fleeing
altogether. I’m guessing with the king dead, there’s no lords or knights who are able to rally
them and mount a proper defense or counterattack. Not like they can with constant wyvern
attacks harrying them anyway.”
“Right,” Ren nodded. “And apparently Jeanne killed the king and killed their way through
Orleans. Which I’m guessing you’d never do, Jeanne?”
Jeanne’s eyes widened as she shook her head. “Never,” she replied. “I hold the king and my
people no ill will, in the end. I saved them how I could, and though I died, so long as France
is saved and my people safe and free, then I can ask for nothing more.”
Archer scowled but quickly mastered his expression and looked away, on pretense of keeping
guard. He had many, many things to say about the saint’s selflessness but now wasn’t the
time or place for it. Lancer and Morgana noticed, the former of which shrugged off and the
latter frowned in concern in his direction.
“So with that in mind, there’s really only one conclusion,” Ren summarized. “You have some
sort of doppelganger that’s acting as the Dragon Witch. This doppelganger killed the king and
did that massacre at Orleans and is probably behind all these wyvern attacks as well. Sound
about right?”
Roman, who was still on the call, nodded. “It does,” he replied. “Not to mention, to command
that many wyverns at once – that’s not something a Servant can regularly do without some
sort of skill, especially if it’s a doppelganger of Jeanne d’Arc, who has no associations with
wyverns. I’m betting she’s in possession of the Holy Grail and using the power to create the
wyverns. And with this doppelganger holding the Grail, she’s the focal point of this
Singularity and putting the foundation of humanity at risk.”
Jeanne was quiet as she considered the information. The only sound was the fire crackling as
it burned, giving while little light it could in the warm countryside. “Whether it’s a
doppelganger or something else,” she murmured. “And whether I’ve been weakened or not is
irrelevant. The people of France are in danger. And… you said you’re here to protect
humanity, right? That’s why you’re here.”
Morgana sighed. “Yep, though it’s a bit more complicated than that,” he explained, crossing
his arms. “Turns out this place is one Singularity out of seven that basically leads to the
Incineration of Humanity. So we gotta resolve it as fast as we can. “

Her eyes widened at that, then narrowed into determination. “Then my resolve is set,” she
declared. “By His will, I will go to Orleans, face my doppelganger, and retrieve the Holy
Grail. Chaldeans, I ask much of you, but can you please lend me your strength? I do not think
I will be able to succeed in this trial alone.”
Ren smirked, relaxing against the tree. “That’s what we’re here for in the first place,” he
replied easily. Everyone else just nodded, smiling. “We’re with you, Jeanne.”
Jeanne beamed and bowed. “Thank you all so much,” she replied gratefully.
The Master smiled in return, then dropped back into seriousness. “Still, we can’t exactly just
head straight there, can we? After all, going in through the front door is never a wise idea.”
Morgana smirked, remembering how he himself taught Ren that lesson a long time ago, when
they first began their work. “That’s right. We’ll need more information and allies. Roman,
can you pull up a map of the surrounding area?” Roman did so, which everyone looked at.
Morgana pointed to the nearest one to their location. “There. La Charite,” Morgana stated.
“We’ll start from there and see if we can find information. With any luck, someone will know
something we can use – and maybe another Servant too. If Jeanne’s appeared, then there’s a
chance another Servant might have shown up as well.”
They all nodded, then Jeanne remembered something. “One more thing I should mention – as
a Ruler, I’m supposed to have the ability to detect Servants. That’s another ability that’s been
hampered by my summoning, but if this doppelganger truly is me, they’ll have that ability as
well, so therefore…”
“Our position might as well be lit up like a beacon,” Archer concluded in frustration. “In any
case, there’s no point in moving – I don’t see any better defensible spots nearby and night has
settled anyway. Lancer and I will take watch. Servants don’t require sleep anyway. That
being said - Ruler, you should sleep as well, to conserve prana given your botched
summoning. The two of us will alert you if something approaches. Besides, it wouldn’t be
Lancer’s first time as a watch dog.”
“Bite me, Archer.”
“Biting is the dog’s job.”
“Oh you son of a-“
“Again, that would be you.”
“You say one more GODDAMN-“
“Language!” Jeanne demanded, glaring sternly at the two male Servants. The two looked at
her in surprise, glared at each other, then both of them took off in opposite directions. She
huffed. “I do hope not all Servants are like those two,” she bemoaned. “Saber was
considerably different. She was enjoyable to talk to.”

“Nah, those two just don’t get along at all,” Morgana shook his head, reassuring her.
“Individually, they’re not too bad. Well, Lancer can be somewhat annoying and Archer
sometimes doesn’t know when to shut it, but they’re good guys overall.” He paused and
looked at the directions the two had disappeared to. “… I think,” he finished lamely. Jeanne
just groaned in frustration as Ren and Mash chuckled.
“Mash, do you need any sleep?” Ren asked, looking at her direction.
The girl nodded. “Unfortunately, I do, senpai,” she replied. “I’m only a demi-Servant, so I
still have a human’s bodily needs, including food and sleep. I won’t be able to easily take
watch.”
Ren shrugged. “No worries,” he replied easily. “We can all do with some rest. With that, we
should probably get some sleep.” He settled down as he finished to emphasize his point.
“We’ve a long day tomorrow and probably many places to visit. And probably more wyverns
to fight. We’ll need what energy we can get.”
All of them nodded. Mash and Morgana settled down to sleep while Jeanne knelt down to
give a last prayer before going to sleep herself. “Goodnight, Senpai,” Mash murmured.
“Goodnight, Mash, Morgana, Jeanne,” Ren replied, smiling.
A couple minutes later, the three of them were asleep, their gentle breathing and snores
mixed with the dwindling crackles of the campfire. Ren laid there, staring up at the stars of
the infinite cosmos above. He recollected everything that had happened. From the beginning
at Chaldea, the first Singularity, the Servants, and now he was here, in medieval France,
sleeping in the woods with the stars over him.
He reached up, closing his hand like he was grabbing the little lights out of the sky. Come to
think of it, he never had a chance to really see the stars like this – there wasn’t much of a
reason to look up at the sky, after all, and even then, Tokyo’s light pollution would have
ruined whatever view there was. But here, the myriad stars dazzled his eyes. He thought
about looking for constellations but discarded the thought – he didn’t know any after all.
A lump formed in his throat. How would his friends have reacted to this sight?

“Whoa, dude, so many stars…!” Ryuji gasped out in wonder. He was laying beside Ren, his
eyes as wide as saucers as he beheld the vision.
“Truly a marvel,” Yusuke breathed, a small distance away. “I wish to draw this but… I find
myself utterly transfixed for fear of missing a single detail. I doubt I can accurately represent
such beauty on any medium.”
“It is a quite a view isn’t it,” Makoto commented quietly, laying at Ren’s other side. “I don’t
think I ever had time to breathe and just… look up. All my troubles, whether as a student
council president, a college student, or even as a Phantom Thief, look so small in
comparison.”

Ren let out a quiet, shaky breath. He could hear their voices, even feel their presences, clear
as day around him, wishing yet unwilling to stop.

“I know what you mean, Mako-chan,” Haru replied with a quiet giggle. “Small wonder my
father had outer space as his Palace. But this feels a lot… cleaner.”
“Less robots?” Futaba suggested. “But yeah, I thought I’ve seen this kind of thing with video
game skyboxes before, but daaaaamn, these graphics knock them WAY out of the park!”
“Totally,” Ann said. “Huh… maybe I should model in one of those dresses that glitter like the
stars. I think I can pull it off. That suave, sexy kind of style – I’ll knock everyone out with it!”
“Oh, I’ve seen those before!” Sumire added excitedly. Then she rapidly covered her mouth as
she realized she spoke too loud for the quiet atmosphere. “Maybe you could wear a pair of
red sunglasses with some red gloves as well,” she suggested more quietly. “Maybe one of
those flamingo scarves as well! I think they’d look good on you!” There was a pause as no
one answered. “… no good?” she asked, cringing a bit.
“Well… maybe,” Ann hesitantly answered. “I might be able to pull that off. Maybe. I’ll have
to check.”

The stars blurred in Ren’s vision, forcing him to wipe his eyes. Nobody else seemed to be
moving or stirring.

“Lady Ann can pull off anything,” Morgana said confidently. “An ensemble like that would
look good on her, no matter what.”
“Though your sense of style leaves something to be desired, Sumire,” Yusuke frankly added.
The girl winced at the blunt comment.
“Inari, do you have absolutely no tact whatsoever?!” Futaba snarled.
“Wha – you are one to talk, Futaba!”
“Man, can you guys knock it off for, like, two seconds?” Ryuji groaned. “You’re totally
ruining the mood here!”
Haru giggled. “Still, it wouldn’t be us without the bickering, for better or worse,” she stated.
“Right Ren?”

Ren reflexively opened his mouth to answer… and immediately bit down on his lips, both to
stop himself from answering and to stop himself from crying. He forced himself to wipe out
all traces of their presence around him, silencing their voices. No. Not here. He could do so
later, but he was on a mission right now. ‘Ren’ wasn’t needed at the moment. Right now,
when on a mission, what was needed was ‘Joker, leader of the Phantom Thieves’.
He rolled over, stifling whatever tears he felt. He would see them again. Ryuji, Ann, Makoto,
Yusuke, Futaba, Haru, Sumire… Everyone. That was his end goal.
He didn’t have anything else.
Jeanne stared out at the countryside. Though it was dark, her vision adjusted to the moonlight
allowing her to see a much farther distance than one would expect to at night. Her vision
wasn’t as good as Archer’s, but she still saw quite a bit – including the dark shadows of
wyverns flying through the air, their roars echoing through the silent night.
She was sitting at the edge of the forest, only a few minutes’ walk from the campsite. Her
sleep had been restless, unable to put out of her mind thoughts of a doppelganger of her
running around, tormenting and butchering her people. If her doppelganger was properly
summoned, then she would be herself at full strength. Meanwhile, her own strength was cut
considerable. She had allies here but would they be enough? Would she be able to lead them
as she had her fellow countrymen in the past? Or would she just be a burden?
“Can’t sleep?”
Jeanne blinked and looked up. Mash stood beside her, smiling ruefully. “May I sit here?” she
asked.
Smiling, Jeanne patted on the spot beside her. Mash sat down. “It’s a beautiful view,” Mash
commented, looking over the countryside.
“Yes,” Jeanne murmured. “It is. And it’s my home.”
Mash was quiet. “What was it like? Your home,” she asked softly.
Jeanne smiled. “It was a simple life for me,” she replied. “Like I said, I was a poor peasant
girl. I helped my family with the fields. I worked with my mom weaving. Every Sunday, we
would go to church and offer our prayers to the Lord. As we worked, we sang hymns to track
our time and relieve our tiredness for a while. When I received my revelations from the Lord,
I knew what I had to do. But…” She smiled. “Those times and memories, I’ll always cherish.
I might bring His words and doing His work, and I might linger on ‘what-ifs’ for a bit. A
common lifestyle, a common prayer, maybe even a common romance. But in the end, my
heart belongs to the Lord, my country, and my home.”
She glanced over. “What about you, Mash? What about your home?”
Mash hesitated. “Chaldea is the only home I’ve known,” she began. “White sterile walls,
white sterile beds… I don’t have parents. I was an artificial baby.” Jeanne’s eyes widened at

that detail but said nothing. “There were many doctors performing tests on me as I grew up.
There was one doctor though – Roman. He was warmer than the rest. He talked to me, told
me of the outside world. He would show me movies, bring me books, crack jokes.” She
smiled as she recollected the unprofessional doctor. “Everyone else just thought of me as a
lab subject. I was designed to be a perfect candidate for being a demi-Servant. But he at least
taught me more about the world and talked to me. I’m grateful to him.”
Jeanne smiled at the end. “He seems to be a good man, if a bit unreliable.” Both of them
shared a laugh at the doctor’s expense.
On an unrelated note, Roman sneezed as he monitored their readings.
“Still, I'm not sure it will be enough,” Jeanne mused once their mirth died down. “My
doppelganger has already wrought so much damage and pain. She had an army of wyverns at
her beck and call. And if she has a Holy Grail, it’s not out of the question she also has
summoned Servants as well. My own summoning has been flawed, leaving me without many
of my abilities or strength. I’m not afraid to die for my country once more – what I’m afraid
of most is dying in vain, condemning my countrymen to live in suffering and death. I’m
grateful for your assistance, Mash, and the rest of Chaldea. But I’m worried I won’t be
enough.”
The Shielder twiddled her thumbs, looking down at her hands as she replied. “Not just you,
Jeanne,” she murmured. “I told you – I don’t know what my Noble Phantasm really is, and
because of that I only can use a fraction of its power. I’m a demi-Servant too – not as strong
as a regular Servant, with many human weaknesses that a Servant wouldn’t have. I’m relying
so much on senpai for strength but… I’m always afraid it’s not enough. Especially with how
capable senpai is – his magecraft, his talents, his commands. He always feels so far ahead of
me, like he’s the Servant and I’m just a regular person. With him, I don’t think we can ever
lose, but even now, I’m not sure if I’m not just dragging him down. I’m not sure he trusts me,
since he’s not telling me much of anything.”
“He trusts you.”
Both young women started as they looked around to see Morgana, blinking at them blearily.
Despite his sleepiness, he smiled. “Ren’s not the type to judge people mistakenly, especially
when it comes to talent,” he assured her. “If he’s relying on you to stay by your side, he
completely trusts you. It’s not a privilege he extends easily. And hey, I get it, you feel like
you’re useless and not needed right? Boy, I know how that feels.” Despite it being a long
time ago, he still remembered those days – when Futaba first joined and her navigator skills
blew his out of the water. He had been insecure, needled further by Ryuji’s taunts. Convinced
the Phantom Thieves didn’t need him any longer, he left, in regret, sadness, anger, and most
of all, frustration – not at the other Thieves, not Ren, not even Ryuji, but himself, for being so
useless and pointless to the Thieves.
“But like it or not, you’re one of us now,” Morgana continued with a gentle smile. “If Ren’s
not telling you something, it’s for a good reason. Give him some time, he’ll tell you sooner or
later. If you need a place to belong, Mash, well, just look around you. I think you’re already
there, don’t you think?”

Mash blinked as she considered. Ren was asleep nearby, able to let his guard down. Roman
was keeping tabs on their progress. Da Vinci was no doubt working hard on something to
help them later down the line. The staff were all working hard, helping them resolve the
Singularities and bring back humanity, regardless of their differences.
A small smile crept over. Maybe she had a place after all.
“And Jeanne?” Morgana continued, turning towards the saint. “That passion of yours is
honestly more important than your abilities. If you let that stop you, you’d never take back
this country.” Jeanne blinked in surprise. “You’ll see things through. You got us with you too
– even when you were a living, breathing human, you didn’t just rely on yourself to win all
those battles, right? Lean on us a little – we’ll be counting on you a lot as well.”
Jeanne considered, then nodded with a smile. “Yes, you’re right,” she replied. “It’s silly of me
to forget such a simple thing when you put it that way.”
Morgana chuckled. “Sometimes, it’s the simple things that gets the ball rolling. Or in this
case, keep rolling,” he remarked. He turned back toward the forest. “Alright, back to bed, you
two! We’ve got a long day tomorrow and we’ll need all the energy we can get!” With that, he
marched back off towards the campsite. Mash and Jeanne looked at each other, chuckled, and
followed after Morgana.
A new day would be there to greet them.

Chapter End Notes

I suppose I should address this since people keep asking.
I'm making absolutely no plans to include P3 or P4 characters. I've not played either
game so I won't be able to do those characters justice, nor do I plan to play them
anytime soon - I'm worried that P5's QoL has spoiled me so I won't be able to enjoy
them overall. If that turns people off, I apologize, but I don't feel comfortable using
characters I don't know inside and out, or at least approaching that. Thank you for
understanding.

Chapter 13: Fire and Ice
Chapter Summary

Getting answers to one question, only for yet another to appear.

Chapter Notes

I think my writing bug might be finally dwindling off a bit so updates will be a bit more
infrequent. Hopefully this will mean higher quality chapters. Let me know what you
guys think.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ren stepped back into the Velvet Room once more. Igor and Lavenza were there as always.
He glanced over at the jail cell and still saw that little speck that was Olga still floating there,
dormant. He didn’t even remember falling asleep. All he remembered was shutting his eyes,
trying to block out his friends’ voices, and before he knew it, he was here once more.
In a sense, it was a welcome relief. Now he had something to distract him for a bit longer.
“Welcome back, my Trickster,” Lavenza gently said, smiling up at him. He returned it with a
grin of his own – which dimmed somewhat when he noticed that her smile was tremulous.
“Now that you are in a Singularity and with its own collective unconsciousness, we can
provide you with more power. However, it will be limited, nor will it be as powerful as
Personas linked to your Servants.” She held up the Compendium and opened it. Most of the
pages were still burnt, save for the one page with Cu Chulainn’s information marked on it.
There were now multiple new pages, but they were all transparent, like they could fade away
at any time.
Ren leafed through them, recognizing many of the Personas here: Pixie, Angel, Incubus…
They seemed to correlate with the setting: Medieval times, so there were beings from folklore
there, and Christianity, so he saw angels and devils there. While not having a huge number of
options, it was still far better than what he had before. It would certainly be limiting if he
could only use Arsene who, while powerful, still had his limits, or Cu Chulainn, who would
render him catatonic if he pushed it too far.
He began picking personas to utilize. Pixie and Jack Frost were always good choices and
were fairly low energy use. He took Succubus along too. Her mind affecting abilities would
be helpful. Archangel too. That one might be more readily accepted by the people around. He
took a few more just in case. A large number of them were, while powerful, too costly – he

didn’t trust himself to be able to last if he brought them out and used them to fight for more
than a couple minutes. There were three in particular where he pondered a bit longer. Then he
smirked and summoned them as well. There wasn’t anyone else he wanted to bring, and they
may prove to be useful.
He had to grin though – what would everyone’s reactions be if he actually used them?
“I’m surprised you’re not charging me fees,” Ren remarked as Lavenza closed the
Compendium after he was done. “Not that I’m complaining, mind you – I’m not exactly
overflowing with money at the moment. But even back with Yaldabaoth or Maruki, you guys
still charged me for them.”
“The concept of ‘purchasing’ had long been engrained into the collective unconsciousness,
my dear guest,” Igor answered. “In exchange for what you gave us, we would provide a
‘product’ in return. Even for fusions and executions, our ‘payment’ was the leftover energy
that came from the process. There is no leftover energy with simply summoning your
personas, so therefore a ‘payment’ is necessary.” Ren nodded. That made sense. “However,
again, with the collective unconsciousness now so weak and Alaya providing what energy it
can to preserve itself, we can forgo the concept. Of course, as you saw, we are still limited to
what we can provide for you.”
Ren smiled and shrugged. “Better than nothing,” he easily commented. Being a Wild Card
meant having more options to work with, to adapt to his enemies as necessary and strike at
their weaknesses. Even a limited scale of it would be immensely helpful for the times ahead.
He could already feel the presences of his personas in his mind, ready to be utilized whenever
they were called for. As Lavenza noted, however, none of the Personas held as much ‘weight’
to them as Arsene or Cu Chulainn.
“My Trickster…”
He looked over at the little Velvet Room attendant and saw her looking up at him again, her
expression sorrowful. “You truly bear a heavy burden,” she whispered. “I… I saw you cry.
Both times. You miss your allies, your friends, your family, don’t you?”
A gigantic lump formed in his throat once more as he forced himself to give yet another easy
smile. One he didn’t feel in the slightest. “Yeah, but that’s to be expected,” he replied
casually. “We went through a lot together. But… it’s not like I can do anything about it by
just crying, right? Once the Singularities are dealt with, then the Incineration of Humanity
will be taken care of, and I’ll see them again. No big deal – it’s just like that time Yaldabaoth
had us all disappear. It’s just for a bit longer is all.”
He reached over to gently pet the Velvet Room attendant on the head. “I’ll be fine, Lavenza,
but thanks for worrying about me,” he reassured her, trying to smile. “I’m your Trickster,
after all. Just believe in me, like you always have. I’ll restore everything in the end and bring
everyone back. Then we can all celebrate. I’ll even take you out with us – there’s this one
buffet where we went to celebrate taking down Kamoshida that had some of the best food
we’ve ever had. You’ll love it.”

Lavenza blinked up at him through teary eyes and could only give an uncertain nod. Ren
smiled once more, then turned to head back into his cell.
“A word of advice, my guest.”
Ren turned to look at Igor, who was regarding him with serious – and sympathetic – eyes. “It
is fine to wish for the company of your old allies, for they are your source of strength,” he
said. “But do not let that turn into neglect for your new allies. It would be most foolish to
deny yourself new wellsprings of power when things are so tenuous.”
He blinked, then gave another half-hearted smile. “Got it, Igor,” he replied, turning back. “I’ll
be sure to connect with them.” With that, he stepped through the back of his cell, which
dissolved into the void, and he saw no more once again.
Lavenza clutched the Compendium tighter. “Master, will… will the Trickster falter in the
end?” she asked.
Igor stared at the spot where Ren had vanished and sighed. “We can only hope he won’t,
Lavenza,” he replied softly. “We can only hope.”
The next day, the group were on the road towards La Charite, as they had discussed the other
night. The countryside seemed peaceful at first, but eventually it became eerie – they passed
by farms and buildings that were empty or destroyed, the crops laying fallow. There weren’t
any sounds of people nearby nor were there even any sounds of animals, even a bird chirp.
The only thing they could hear was the occasional breeze that whistled through. Archer and
Lancer stayed close by as opposed to scouting ahead. If Jeanne’s doppelganger could detect
them, then it would be child’s play to spring an ambush on them before they could react.
“I recognize this tree. La Charite should be just ahead,” Jeanne pointed out.
Archer frowned and narrowed his eyes down the road. “If that’s the case, then it’s La Charite
that’s burning right now,” Archer replied, summoning his twin blades to him once more. “I
also sense a Servant ahead. While you might want to send us ahead, Master, it may be a trap
to separate us. I suggest staying close together.”
Ren gritted his teeth but knew Archer had a point. “Fine, but let’s get a move on, guys!”
Everyone nodded and charged forward. The Servants kept pace with the Masters so they
wouldn’t be separated by their difference in abilities. Ren cursed himself for not being able to
move faster. “Morgana?” he called out, looking down at his friend running alongside him, his
legs moving so fast they were almost circular blurs.
Morgana activated his magic circuits and concentrated, but once more, nothing. “Sorry,
Joker,” he replied apologetically. Ren just grimly nodded and kept running. Figures that
Morgana couldn’t transform into his bus form. If this was modern times then maybe, but not
in medieval France who didn’t even know what a bus was, let alone a transforming cat.
As they approached, Archer called out, “The Servant has retreated. It must’ve known we
were coming!”

“Tch, figures,” Lancer grumbled. “Was hoping to get a good fight out of this.”
“Not important right now, Lancer!” Morgana snapped. “Even if there isn’t a Servant there,
we need to take care of whatever damage control there is: taking down enemies, rescuing
people, the works! Stay sharp, people!”
“Yes, Mr. Morgana!” Mash called out, hauling her shield as she continued running alongside
everyone else.
However, when they reached La Charite, it was too late – all that remained were some
burning cinders. Dead bodies littered the ruins of the village, some charred to pieces, others
simply mangled or killed. Whatever happened here wasn’t just a pillaging raid or even an
attack from an enemy. It was a wholesale slaughter, pure and simple.
“What… What could drive my doppelganger to do such this…?” Jeanne could only gasp out
in horror.
Ren, however, didn’t take it quite so well. He had been born in more peaceful times, without
conflict or war. Though he had delved in the Metaverse, the only deaths and casualties he saw
were of inhuman things, be they ATMs as people back in Kaneshiro’s Palace or personally
killing Shadows. The former were inhuman enough to detach himself from it, while the latter
he carried out himself and was used to it. The sight of dead, mangled bodies with the scent of
burning flesh turned his stomach inside out. And the flames gave him images. For a split
second, he could see his friends as the bodiesRunning aside, he vomited his meager breakfast. Mash and Morgana ran over, with Mash
gently patting Ren on the back as he emptied his stomach. Archer kept watch without
commenting as Lancer shook his head. “Kid says he’s done this multiple times, yet he’s never
stepped into a battlefield,” he observed. “He gets weirder with every thing we find out about
him, right, Archer?”
Archer glanced over at Ren while a small frown. Lancer was right – Ren didn’t strike him as
the type to overinflate such an act and the weariness he showed as he spoke about it was
genuine. But then, where did he fight? What did he do? He was no stranger to combat yet
wasn’t used to dead bodies. Still… “It doesn’t matter, Lancer,” he replied, continuing to
observe his surroundings. “We can grill him for details later. For now, we’re currently on the
field. Whatever he did before is irrelevant, besides his experience in fighting and leading. At
the very least, he isn’t lying about that.”
Lancer didn’t say anything, staring at Ren who was heaving for breath as Mash offered him a
canteen of water. Then he sighed. “Man, hate it when you’re right,” he grumbled, turning
back to their surroundings.
Ren took the canteen from Mash. The first mouthful, he swilled in his mouth to get rid of all
the bile and acid before spitting it aside. Then he slowly drank, allowing the cool liquid to
soothe his burning, damaged throat.
“You alright, Joker?” Morgana asked worriedly as he watched Ren drink.

He took a deep heaving breath before giving a shaky smile to Morgana. “Yeah, yeah, I think
I’m okay,” he panted. “Thanks for the water, Mash. Needed that.”
“Yes, of course, senpai,” she murmured, her expression mirroring Morgana’s. She could only
watch as Ren straightened up, take a deep breath, and then looked back over the ruins. He
seemed so utterly shaken compared to his usual, unflappable self, it was like night and day.
Though she herself felt queasy from the sight and smell, she didn’t have as violent a reaction
as Ren did. She wondered why but didn’t dare to ask. Her senpai wasn’t as infallible as he
made himself out to be, but he still kept many things close to his chest.
“Lancer, Archer, any survivors?” Ren called out.
“Dead as doornails, Master,” Lancer replied grimly, poking at one body with his spear.
“Whatever killed them was quick and thorough – poor bastards got no warning. At least it
didn’t drag out.”
“I didn’t see any tracks or traces either,” Archer added. “It seems no one escaped or was
dragged away. A small mercy at least that they died quickly as opposed to any torture.”
Ren nodded… then everyone started as they heard something shift. “You hear that?”
Morgana asked, taking out his slingshot. Ren nodded quietly as he took out his own pistol.
Then his eyes widened in horror as one of the bodies twitched, then slowly stood up. No way
in hell was this a survivor – its body was far too mangled and damaged for the person to ever
survive. It slowly turned its head toward the group, its eyes glassy yet ravenous. It began to
shamble towards them, reaching out with its mauled arms for them as all around, more and
more bodies started to move and rise as well.
“Z-z-z-z-z-z-ZOMBIES!!!” Morgana screamed. Mash immediately charged, smashing the
closest zombie in the head with her shield and causing its head to erupt in a shower of gore.
Lancer and Archer leaped in as well, the former’s spear flashing red as it poked effortless
holes in the moving corpses while the latter’s blades quickly moved in tandem, multiple
spinning pairs flying through the air to slice them apart as he carved them to pieces with yet
another fresh pair of blades. Jeanne’s flagpole moved swiftly as well – not as quick as
Lancer’s spearwork, but enough to kill off the undead easily.
Ren heard a movement and turned around, just in time to see a zombie lunge and cling to
him, its mouth seeking to clamp down on his throat. He shoved with all his might, trying to
get the rotten corpse off him. His hungering maw and glazed eyes burned into Ren, sparking
off panic. “ARSENE!” he screamed. The red-coated Persona immediately appeared in a flash
of blue flame and sliced at at the zombie, knocking it away while splattering Ren in blood. It
tried to shamble back up, but a fountain of darkness dissolved it back into nothingness.
Panting, Ren looked down at himself. He was covered in blood. He had to fight back another
bout of nausea. As a Phantom Thief, most of their battles and efforts were fairly clean
overall. Dealing with this was far beyond what he was used to.
“Joker!”

Ren blinked and looked over at Morgana who was glaring at him in concern. “Joker,
breathe,” he told him. Ren took a deep breath. “Again,” Morgana commanded. In and out. In
and out. Gradually, his nausea started to settle as did his nerves. Before too long, he was calm
again. Shaken, but calm.
“Senpai, here.” Mash handed him a towel (just how many things did she have in that shield
of hers?). He smiled shakily but gratefully to her as he wiped himself off. He tossed aside the
red-stained towel. Another deep breath later, he slid his metaphorical mask back on. He had
lost control of himself far too much, far too quickly. He was their leader – being shaken like
this wasn’t tolerable. Not if they wanted to see this through to the end.
He straightened up as Jeanne stared at him. “That… thing you summoned,” Jeanne started.
“Was that your magecraft? It looked demonic.”
Ren blinked, then gave a quiet, amused chuckle. “I can see how you’d think that,” he replied
easily, grinning as if though he didn’t just have a panic attack. “No, it’s just a being who’s
been with me for… well, basically my whole life.” It wasn’t a lie. Arsene was his inner self.
The will of rebellion made manifest for him. He had dwelled within Ren for the longest time
until the Metaverse came about and he was able to utilize his strength. Firing up his magic
circuits, he summoned him again, and Arsene appeared, floating serenely yet confidently
behind him. Jeanne stared up at it in surprise. “He’s been amazingly handy and powerful, so
don’t be too surprised if I use him often,” he explained.
“And Joker’s not the only one who can use it,” Morgana pointed out. “Zorro!” The masked
duelist appeared behind Morgana in turn, drawing Jeanne’s attention as well. She looked
between the two personas, then giggled.
“Very well, I’ll trust your judgement and abilities,” Jeanne replied. Her face fell as she looked
back over the town. Her flagpole vanished as she knelt down, clasping her hands, murmuring
a prayer for those who died and then had their bodies desecrated. Ren, Morgana, and Mash
lowered their heads in silent deference to her prayer as Archer and Lancer once more kept
watch. They were too late to save the town but at the very least, they could offer their respect
to those who had died.
A beeping from Ren’s watch interrupted them. “Guys, heads up!” Roman warned them
urgently. “Servant signals are coming your way! Five of them!”
Ren scowled. Five Servants. While the group outnumbered them, they didn’t know the
strength of their combatants. They couldn’t fight without more information. “Thanks,
Roman,” Ren said tersely. “Everyone, move out. We need to get out of here before they show
up.”
“No.”
Blinking, Ren turned toward Jeanne. She was standing back up, her flagpole out and defiant,
her gaze hard and pure. “I wish to meet the tormentors of my country,” she stated. “I wish to
meet this doppelganger of mine and see what would drive her to commit such horrors on our
homeland. I wish to know their true intentions and stop them with all my might!”

He opened his mouth to argue, then gave up with a ragged exhale and a tired smile. That
purity of her determination reminded him so much of his friends’ when they stood up and
rebelled with all their heart. He knew he wouldn’t change her mind no matter what argument
he used. “Mona, can you secure an escape route for us?” he asked. They still had the smoke
and flash bombs that Da Vinci had provided them, but if they could get out of here without
using them, they would take it. They were limited, after all.
Morgana nodded. “You got it, Joker,” he acknowledged before racing off.
“Archer, any chance you can find a place to provide cover fire for us?” Ren asked.
Archer turned and frowned at a certain direction. “There isn’t, Master, nor do I think that
would be a good idea,” he replied. “If the doppelganger or whoever it is has the same
abilities, then they would already know we were here. Splitting up might cause them to act
unpredictably.” With that, he summoned his bow and a sword, which lengthened into an
arrow. “That being said, I do see them from here,” he noted. “Should I take the shot?”
“Please don’t, Archer,” Jeanne requested. “As I said, I wish to know their intentions. This
may be the best time to speak with them without any hostilities.” Archer looked at Jeanne
before glancing at Ren. The Master hesitated, then nodded. Archer frowned but his bow and
sword vanished, replaced with his twin blades. At the very least, he wouldn’t be taken off
guard.
The air soon throbbed with the sound of beating wings, and before long five large wyverns
were in sight. Flying in formation, they split off and landed, surrounding them. A Servant
descended from each wyvern, standing at the ready.
Ren glanced at each one. Being surrounded like this wasn’t ideal in the slightest, especially
with the wyverns joining in and essentially doubling their numbers. They all had their back to
each other, weapons at the ready. Ren tired to take in what information he could. Each
Servant was wildly different, but he could still feel their oppressive power bearing down on
him all the same.
There was a man with long blonde hair and ice-blue eyes and carefully trimmed beard. He
held in his hand an oddly designed spear. He wore a suit with a long coat that was frayed at
the ends. His appearance and aura felt extraordinarily dignified on the surface, but right
underneath that was a roiling bloodlust that was all too eager to spill over at the slightest
provocation.
A grown woman was among them. Her attire showed no small amount of skin, looking more
akin to just multiple straps rather than any fabric whatsoever. Over her ensemble was a skirt
and cloak of blood-red satin, as well as thigh-high boots. Carefully done white hair framed
her face, which was concealed by an iron mask. She wielded a large, metal staff topped with
stylized bat wings. The ensemble would’ve been arousing if her mere presence didn’t set off
every single alarm bell within his mind. This woman’s allure didn’t promise any pleasure – or
rather, only promised pleasure for her. For any unfortunate victim, he had no doubt she would
only promise pain beyond measure.

There was another woman with them. She was beautiful, but in the sense that she looked
more like an untainted being than anything alluring to the opposing sex. Long purple hair
with stern blue eyes. Her white robes were oddly exposing of her chest and legs, which were
covered in blue stockings, contrasting her beautiful image. In her hand was a staff in the
shape of a giant cross. Although, was it his imagination or did he see a bit of stress on her
expression? Did this Servant not want to do this? But still, that wasn’t relevant right now.
The last one was a young woman…? Man…? It was hard to tell. Elegantly dressed in a lightblue uniform, topped with a large blue hat. It was surprisingly tight-fitting, though the curves
made it no easier to tell whether they were a beautiful woman or man. Perhaps that was the
whole point. Their blue eyes were a curious mix of gentleness and sternness. There was a
rapier ready to be used at a moment’s notice. The rapier certainly reminded him of Sumire,
but Ren knew without a doubt that this Servant was probably far deadlier with it than Sumire
ever was.
And finally, at the head of the contingent, was their leader. It reminded Ren so much of the
Saber he saw back in Fuyuki: Her clothes and armor were of fine make but black and red.
Her skin was so pale it looked more dead than alive. Blond hair so pale it was almost white.
Her eyes were yellow as well, but unlike Saber’s which were emotionless, hers was filled
with scorn, anger, and hatred. To top it off, she bore her own flag as well. If her yellow eyes
actually glowed, Ren would honestly think that she was Jeanne’s Shadow.
She was, without a doubt, the doppelganger of Jeanne d’Arc.
The doppleganger stared at Jeanne, her face an expression of shock. Then it twisted as she
began chuckling before bursting out into outright laughter, the sound tinged with madness
that could only come from pure anger and hatred. “O-Oh, this is utterly hilarious!” she
laughed. “To think my past self would show up here! Oh, this is brilliant, just fucking
brilliant! She looks so goddamn PATHETIC! Oh, is this His way of telling me to fuck off?
Well same to you! My god, it’s like looking at a past image of yourself and seeing how stupid
you looked! Ha!”
Jeanne could only gape in surprise before her expression settled into a scowl. “Enough!” she
demanded. “Who are you? If you’re truly me, why are you destroying the country we worked
and helped so hard to save?”
The darker Jeanne’s laughed dwindled, but she still had a twisted smile on her face from the
stupidity of the situation. “Who do you think?” she asked mockingly. “I am Jeanne d’Arc.
The Jeanne d’Arc that was burned at the stake, that everyone called a witch. A fucking witch,
after everything I did for them! The Jeanne d’Arc that your precious king abandoned because
I was inconvenient for his rule after raising him to the goddamn throne! The Jeanne d’Arc
that He abandoned because I was no longer useful for His purposes either!”
Her expression twisted into a snarl. “You wanna know why I’m doing this?” she hissed.
“This country left us to burn and rot. God left us to burn and rot. And you wanna know what
I think about that? Fuck this country and fuck Him! I’ll raze it, burn it all down to the
ground! They want their goddamn witch so bad, then I’ll give it to them. I’m the Dragon
Witch now, and with my wyverns, I’ll turn this entire damn country into a hellscape even the
Devil himself would be impressed by!”

The Saint scowled. “You are not me,” she declared, raising her flag. “I may have been burned
at the stake, yes, but that does not matter to me. My life was given to France and its people to
do with as they will. They were liberated and saved. That was my mission from God, and I
willingly and happily bear it, even if it brought me to my end. I hold no enmity or hatred for
Him, my king, or my people. I especially would never raise my hand and bring death and fire
to my people!”
The doppelganger scoffed. “Because you’re a goddamn idiot,” she growled. “So was I until I
felt the fire burn away at me. Oh, the pain, the torment. I tried to bear it but I wanted to
scream so badly. You remember that, don’t you? Of course you do. Yet here you are, still
playing the good little girl that everyone wanted. A patsy until the very fucking end.
Immature and naïve. Fuck this, I didn’t expect you to come around anyway. You’re just a
goddamn eyesore. Lancer. Assassin. I don’t care how you wanna do it but get rid of her –
she’s yours to do with as you please.”
The man with the spear and the white-haired woman stepped forth. “Very well,” the dark
Lancer replied. His voice was soft but like his aura, barely concealed his bloodlust. “In that
case, I will have her blood. I’ve no doubt it shall be delicious.”
“Not so fast, ‘my King’,” replied the other woman. “She is a saint, is she not? I wish to
partake in her flesh and blood myself. All of it. I will not forgive the fact she is more
beautiful than me. Her blood I will use to elevate my own beauty. That is all she shall be
good for. That is the privilege of a noble.”
The dark Lancer glanced at her. “So greedy,” he chuckled. “Very well. I shall have her soul. It
is ironic though – I can only understand her beauty only after becoming a blood-sucking
fiend. It shall be a decent consolation prize, however.”
As the two Servants spoke, a chill ran Ren and Mash’s spine. To speak of Jeanne like they
were simply carving up a turkey was… inhuman to an unnerving degree. Jeanne gripped her
flag more tightly as her expression morphed into one of disgust. Lancer readied his own spear
with a scowl while Archer raised his blades, his sharp eyes already looking for a way out.
Surrounded by bloodthirsty foes… Despite his nervousness, Ren forced himself to laugh.
That got everyone’s attention. “The hell? What, so scared you lost it, little Master?” the
darker Jeanne mocked. “Don’t worry. I’ll make it nice and quick for you. But you’ll be
screaming in agony the whole time though.”
Ren laughed again and shook his head. “No, that’s not what I’m laughing at,” he replied,
forcing a smirk on his face. “You talk about showing up God and making this place into Hell,
right? You almost make it sound like you met with the Devil himself.” His smirk widened.
“Well then, how about we ask him for his opinion right now?” He once more moved to tear
off his metaphorical mask.
“Satan!”
With a flash of blue flame, a gigantic blue monstrosity appeared, roaring. Everyone
immediately backed off, with the darker Jeanne cursing. Though it was impossible, everyone
instinctively knew that it was the Devil – or rather, a facet of the Devil – that Ren had

summoned in their midst. The blue monstrosity pointed, and suddenly gigantic pillars of ice
erupted from the ground, separating the group from their opponents. The darker Lancer’s
spear arm was caught in the ice, who roared in rage as he struggled to pull it out. Suddenly,
several small explosions burst in the wyverns’ faces, driving them into a frenzy.
Lancer and Archer didn’t hesitate to act – moving forward, they swiftly cut down the trapped
dark Lancer, with Archer severing his head and Lancer thrusting into his heart. Mash caught
Ren whose legs had given out from the strain of summoning Satan and proceeded to carry
him through the opening the other two Servants made. Morgana hopped up ahead, waving at
them. “This way!” he yelled before racing ahead. The group swiftly followed them.
“After them, don’t let them escape!” the doppelganger screeched. A burst of flames shattered
the ice as the Servants began to rally – before being interrupted with pink orbs of energy
bursting all around them. Suddenly, a discordant melody burst all around them, sending the
wyverns once more into another frenzy and forcing the Servants to cover their ears in pain.
By the time the melody ended, the wyverns had all flown off, and the group was long gone.
The darker Jeanne’s scream of frustration echoed through the air.
“We should be safe here.”
Mash nodded to Archer before setting down Ren. Ren grunted in thanks as he sat against a
tree. He felt immensely sore and hot from his magic circuits burning through his body, but it
still wasn’t as bad as the time he summoned Cu Chulainn. He definitely needed a rest though.
“Well, that was certainly a most interesting time,” chirped one of their rescuers. A young
woman dressed in a tight red outfit with an oversized red hat, with red gloves and white
stockings as well as long grey hair in pigtails. Her clear blue eyes shone with amusement,
though with some trepidation as well. “I was about to come rescue you like a heroine from
the old tales, but it seemed that wasn’t necessary after all! Still, introductions are in order, i
think. I am Marie Antoinette, a Rider class Servant. A pleasure to meet all of you!”
“Yes, a most stunning performance with an unexpected climax,” exclaimed their other
rescuer – a man in rather loud yellow robes and a whimsical smile. “It was a rather
unexpected concert, but one that worked out well in everyone’s favor. Oh, I forget myself – I
am Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Although I am a Caster, I am utterly useless in combat, so do
forget about me in the heat of battle!”
Jeanne gave a strained smile and nod to both of them. However, her attention was elsewhere.
She looked down at Ren, who was resting against a tree still, just listening. This Master said
he didn’t use demons, yet had just summoned the Devil himself. And not just a facsimile –
there was absolutely no way one could mistake that presence. It wasn’t the Devil’s full power,
sure, but it was still a significant portion that couldn’t easily be ignored. As a saint, she
needed to address this. One way or another.
“Ren Amamiya. Who – or what – are you?”

Chapter End Notes

Okay, can I say that the French Singularity is, in all honestly, bloody broken for Ren?
Just... look up how many Personas there are for Christian mythology. If I didn't already
establish things, Ren probably would've roflstomped through the Singularity solo.

Chapter 14: Break
Chapter Summary

What happens when a hero gets pushed too far?

Chapter Notes

Oh boy. I'm gonna be honest - I REALLY don't like this chapter for a LOT of reasons.
I'm relying on your guys' criticisms and opinions on this one since I'm always a pretty
harsh critic of my own writing. Depending on how it goes, I might just do an entire
rewrite here.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ren looked up at Jeanne. Though his body was far too warm and sore from utilizing his
magic circuits, his mind was still extremely clear. Her expression was conflicted and he
couldn’t exactly blame her – she was a saint, and he had summoned a part of the Devil just
then. Wait… no, it wasn’t just her. Both Archer and Lancer were frowning in his direction. It
was clear they wanted answers as well. Mash looked nervously between everyone but didn’t
say anything, torn between wanting to defend Ren yet at the same time also wanting to know
what was going on. Marie and Mozart kept quiet. Despite their whimsical natures, even they
knew better than to butt in.
His communicator beeped as Roman appeared on the screen. His face was far more grave
than usual. “Ren, I don’t think I need to tell you why this is a huge deal,” he explained. “But
to clarify. First off: You just summoned a divine spirit as your power. A fraction of one,
maybe, but a divine spirit nevertheless. And second, you summoned Satan, a being who has
been recorded and regarded as the mortal enemy of both God and humankind. I would even
say his existence is the anathema for almost anyone that’s in the Throne of Heroes, let alone
Servants.” Though Ren couldn’t see it, Da Vinci was also nearby watching the conversation,
her ever-present smile gone. The staff monitoring the situation were watching intently what
was going to happen as well.
Morgana moved to stand between Ren and everyone else, his cutlass in his hand. “Do we
really have time for any of this?” he asked sharply. “Ren is the best chance you guys have –
frankly, all of you should be relieved he can summon such a power! What are we gonna do,
make him into some sort of heretic?”
Lancer scoffed. “Don’t get me wrong, cat,” he drawled. “Under any other circumstance, I’d
be more than happy to have a Master with that kind of firepower on my side. But first and

foremost, I’m also a hero – you could even say I would be obligated to strike down the Devil
if he appeared no matter what, to say nothing of the saint here.” Though his body language
was casual, his blood-red eyes was sharp as he kept an eye on Ren’s every move.
“The appearance of a being such as Satan would be enough to elicit a strong Counter
Guardian response on its own,” Archer added. “The fact that there hasn’t been one surprises
me, especially since it seems this isn’t the first time you’ve done such a thing before.” His
arms were crossed as his own steel-grey eyes focused on Ren.
Ren flicked his eyes to each of the Servants staring at him, as well as the doctor watching
him through his watch. His vision muddled from exhaustion. All of a sudden, he was back in
the interrogation room, slouched up against a wall. He had been fiercely beaten, his handcuffs
chafing against his wrists. His mind was delirious and muddled – they had injected some kind
of truth serum into him. His eyes moved up again and he saw those officers in his cell, coldly
glaring down at him like he was scum.
Come on, cooperate. Or what, you want another shot?
He glanced again at the doctor on the communicator. No doubt that this transmission was
being recorded.
Huh? What about the camera? Are you thinking it can be used as video evidence?
Ren chuckled, his mouth twisting into a mirthless smile. “I’ve nothing to tell any of you,” he
rasped. “You call yourselves heroes, saviors, or saints, yet the minute you see something you
don’t like, you panic and immediately try to cover your own tracks. You’ll just kill or remove
whoever’s in your way, don’t you? Yeah, that’s typical in the end.” As he spoke, he quietly
dragged himself back up to his feet.
Roman faltered. “Wha- Ren, that’s not-“
“What, you wanna see if I’m some criminal or devil in disguise? Or were you just looking for
a chance to label me one?” he continued, glaring at the assembled Servants. Morgana’s eyes
widened. He hadn’t seen Ren act like this before. The most was anger at Shido and
Yaldabaoth, but all of the Thieves were angry at them for good reason. Lashing out like this
wasn’t like him at all. “Everyone I know and knows me is gone. Would be a good time to get
rid of me. Want me to convince you? Fine – how about this?!” He tore off the mask again.
“Archangel!”
A winged, armored figure appeared right behind him, its stern face glaring down at them
through his open face plate. In its hand was a sword to be used at any moment. Jeanne’s eyes
widened. It was without doubt an angel Ren had summoned. Archer and Lancer gaped at it as
well. Mash’s gaze, however, immediately shot to Ren. His eyes were manic with despair,
rage, and panic. Morgana saw much the same. “Joker – Ren, snap out of it!” he cried out,
shaking his pant leg.
However, the dam had burst. Ren barely felt the heat of the magic circuits – just that of his
own anger, frustration, and sadness. “What, that not enough for you?” he asked mockingly.

Archangel disappeared. He called forth yet another presence he now held.
“Metatron!”
A blinding presence came in a flash of blue flame. A large metallic angel, clothed in white, in
all its glorious splendor. Jeanne had to step back, her mouth falling open. She hadn’t heard of
an angel called Metatron, yet the presence in front of her was without a doubt a holy being
that eclipsed the Archangel Ren had just summoned before a thousand times over. Its
presence was weaker than that of God but only slightly. Her shock was the only reason she
didn’t immediately fall on her knees and prostrate herself.
“S-senpai!” Mash screamed. Her words brought everyone else out of their shock as they
followed her gaze to Ren. His body was steaming as his magic circuits burned. He coughed,
hacking up blood. However, he didn’t seem aware of the pain still. He just saw faces – the
cruel police officers, Sae glaring at him across the table, Shido, even fevered delusions of
Akechi holding a pistol to his head. He had been a fool to trust them. There were no heroes or
saints. Just people with power abusing it like they always did – and he was facing them
alone. Completely, utterly alone.
“But fine,” he snarled as Metatron faded. “If you really wanna label me as some sort of
criminal, then I might as well go whole hog!” He reached for the last presence – an infinitely
powerful one that would most likely be his end at this rate. “LU-“
Before he could call it out, he was whacked on the head from behind. Ren let out a breath as
he crumpled into a motionless heap. Morgana landed back on the ground, having jumped up
and hit him on the head with the back of his cutlass. Even he was shocked at what he just did.
For a few moments, there was only silence as everyone caught their breath, trying to
comprehend what happened.
It was broken by the sound of a distant wyvern roar. Archer immediately looked up. “We’ve
most likely given away our position,” he observed. “We need to move – now.” Everyone
nodded but hesitated with Ren. Mash reached down to pick him up but Marie stepped
forward. “Allow me,” she offered. “It may do him better if he was woke up to unfamiliar yet
friendly faces at this point.” Mash hesitated, then nodded, stepping aside. Smiling gracefully,
she leaned down and carried the young man in her arms. He was larger than she was overall
but as a Servant, she had no trouble carrying him.
They rapidly moved further south, keeping to the forests so they wouldn’t be found by any
wyverns or Servants. The sun started to set as they move, the lengthening shadows
occasionally tripping up Morgana or Mash while the other Servants moved without too much
hassle. During the entire trip, Ren hadn’t stirred or woken up. His face was tight with pain as
he sweated profusely. Marie frowned. “He is burning up,” she commented. “We’ll need to
stop soon – he needs rest.”
They all looked at each other and nodded. “Over there,” Lancer said, pointing to a small,
sheltered clearing. There was enough distance that Ren could be separate from them but still
within sight. Marie laid him down, then quietly knelt down beside him and placed his head
on her lap, smiling softly.

“Go now,” she said to the group. “I will attend to him.”
Mash felt a pang of pain in her heart, seeing her senpai’s head in another woman’s lap, but it
was overridden by concern for him. She opened her mouth to speak only to feel a hand on her
shoulder. She looked over to see Lancer, who simply shook his head. Glumly closing her
mouth, she walked with the other Servants away. Morgana was the last to follow, only
looking sadly and despondently at Ren before also turning away.
Marie quietly watched them leave, then looked at Ren resting in her lap. “Such a handsome
young man,” she remarked softly, her cool hand stroking his burning forehead. “But so much
pain for one so young.” Her lips creased sadly. “I wonder if he led a privileged life like I did,
then had it all torn away from him…”
Mozart sat beside them, his expression pensive. “Hm, he’s like a deeply discordant concerto,”
he observed. “And he keeps trying to play solo, drowning out the accompaniment. Ah, there’s
a certain beauty to the music, but it is so very, very tragic…” He sighed, then a moment later,
he looked up at Marie. “Ah, if I was wounded or suffering in such a manner, would you
perhaps do the same for me?” he asked hopefully.
The young queen looked at Amadeus with a beatific smile on her face. “Non, Amadeus,” she
replied cheerfully. “I’m afraid I’ve little sympathy for human garbage.”
Amadeus held a hand over his head in shock. “Ah, your words wound me, my dear Marie!”
he cried out. “And yet, I feel something indescribable as a result of your insults!” Marie
simply rolled her eyes with a friendlier smile at Amadeus’s antics. She looked back down at
Ren, who was shifting in pain. Was he having a nightmare? Or just suffering from overusing
his magic circuits? She glanced over at the others, who were silent, pondering their own
positions. They would need to talk soon.
Suddenly, Archer looked up. “We have company,” he muttered, summoning his swords.
“Marie, Mozart, keep an eye on our Master.” Mash scowled and summoned her shield,
moving herself between the unconscious Ren and the enemy. Jeanne blinked and picked up
her flagpole as well, with Morgana and Lancer also taking out their weapons, standing at the
ready. There was a moment of silence, then a figure stepped out from the foliage. The woman
they had seen earlier with long purple hair and white robes. Her stern eyes landed on each of
them before finally resting on Ren, her gaze intensifying into a glare.
“Move,” she growled.
Lancer chuckled darkly. “Well, ain’t Master a lady magnet,” he joked though neither his body
nor stance relaxed. “Sorry, but no matter how good looking you are, we’re not moving for an
enemy.”
“I was sent to observe you by the other Jeanne d’Arc, but I cannot stay silent any longer.”
The woman gripped her staff so tightly her knuckles went white. “That… person summoned
the essence of the Devil, then proceeded to command the power of angels, with one bordering
that of our Lord. Whatever powers he bears aren’t natural. He’s an abomination and needs to
be destroyed, else he would bring Armageddon on our heads!”

“You would be a bit late for that,” Archer drawled. “Humanity’s been incinerated in the
future. We’re here to prevent that, our Master that you’re calling an abomination included.
Though normally I wouldn’t approve of such things…” He risked a glance back at the
unconscious Ren and smirked. “Frankly, if a situation as ridiculous as the Incineration of
Humanity has occurred, then perhaps a ridiculous power is what’s needed to set it back on
course.”
Lancer blinked, then guffawed. “Hahahaha! You got some damned ridiculous logic there,
Archer! Can’t say I don’t like it though!” He looked back at the woman, his grin fierce.
“Lady, don’t know if you realized, but us heroes aren’t exactly clean either – we did a lot of
things that would have us called demons, one way or another. Yet here we are, still revered
and still walkin’ forward. And frankly, I prefer Masters who can hold their own on the
battlefield.” He glanced over at Morgana. “Right, kitty cat?”
Morgana scoffed. “I’ll get you for that later, Lancer,” he grumbled. Despite everything, he
was still smiling. Ren still had that talent of gathering allies wherever he went. He was proud
of his closest friend.
The woman hesitated, then finally turned to Jeanne. “And what about you? You’re a fellow
saint, aren’t you?” she demanded. “You follow His word, His will. You know well that this
boy is a living heresy and blasphemy against Him. Are you still going to let him live?”
Jeanne didn’t speak, hesitating. She took a deep breath. “It is written that killing is a sin,” she
murmured. “In life, I have been at the forefront of countless men, leading them into battle.
I’ve not once taken a life myself, but that does not mean blood isn’t on my hands. But still, I
pushed onward, so that my people and my country could remain free and would see a new
dawn.” She faced the woman, her eyes shining with resolve and determination. “My will has
not wavered, nor my faith. Ren Amamiya may be able to summon both demons and angels,
but I am sure he only seeks righteousness for all. This I know. Therefore, I am happy and
proud to consider him an ally and friend!”
The woman scowled. “And if he really is the Devil’s minion sent to tempt you?”
“He is not one,” Jeanne declared. “I am certain of it.”
The woman sighed, then brandished her staff. “Then there’s no point discussing this any
longer,” she stated. “I am Servant Rider. My true name is Saint Martha, she who has seen the
Messiah’s grace. I was compelled to obey the other Jeanne’s orders from a forced Madness
Enhancement and was ordered only to find you and report back, but I’m countermanding that
order with what will I have left! Face me, oh saviors of France, and let me see if you have the
strength necessary!”
Her prana rapidly exploded in a burst of power. “The son of Leviathan, now protecting
people…” she murmured. As she whispered, a gigantic creature appeared behind her. It
looked like a giant turtle with a spiked carapace, but it bore the head of a black lion with a
white mane, topped with black horns. Its feet were tipped with razor sharp fangs as its
powerful tail lashed out. Its eyes glowed red with unbridled rage as it roared.
“Become a meteor! Tarasque!”

Martha backwards into the air past Tarasque, but instead of landing and leaving Tarasque to
fight, she swung her staff and slammed it into the creature, causing the turtle-like dragon to
shoot forward, spinning wildly out of control towards them. Mash raced forward and raised
her shield, summoning her own power once more.
“Lord Chaldeas!
Her shield flashed and multiple magic circles appeared in front right before the power of
Tarasque collided. It sparked and grinded against the magic shield as Mash grit her teeth,
holding her ground. Her feet started sliding backwards from the sheer force as she put more
of her strength into weathering the assault. Behind her was Ren, still resting with Marie, and
Mozart who had taken up a rearguard. They were the last line of defense, but hopefully they
would not be needed. Before long, the attack abated as Tarasque finally stopped and faded
away.
That didn’t mean the others were idle, however. Archer and Lancer immediately moved
around and struck at Martha’s flanks. The saint in turn sent a beam of light that knocked aside
Lancer before raising her staff to ward off Archer’s strikes. Just as she shoved the latter back,
she was shoved hard into a tree by cutting winds. She glared at the source – the catlike being
who had a spectral duelist appearing behind him. Another being the similar powers as the
abomination.
Before she could move towards him, she raised her staff once more as a flagpole clashed with
it. She scowled at Jeanne who was bearing down on her. “To think, two saints must fight like
this,” she commented as they traded blows.
Jeanne nodded, whirling her flagpole to thrust several times at Martha, who warded off each
one. “Yes. Had circumstances been better, Saint Martha, I would have gladly fought at your
side,” Jeanne replied. Backing off, she swept low, seeking to knock her off her feet. Martha
jumped over, about to raise her staff when several arrows struck her on the side, sending her
crashing to the ground. Lancer immediately was on her, with Martha only just managing to
block him. “Tarasque!” she called out. The turtle dragon appeared once more and lashed out
with its claws, forcing Lancer to back off.
Individually, Martha was stronger than the collection of Servants here, but they were working
together as allies, covering for one another. She wasn’t about to get a good hit in while they
were whittling her down. If she was fighting by herself, for herself, she would retreat or at
least get some better bearings. But she couldn’t – not with the other Jeanne’s Madness
Enhancement incorporated into her being. Nor did she want to – if this group couldn’t
overcome her, they had no chance of defeating that Jeanne and winning. In a sense, what she
was doing was perhaps the most merciful thing she could offer in the limited freedom she
had.
A boxing glove appeared out of thin air and thrust forward, though she barely managed to
duck in time. She caught a glimpse of the catlike being scowling in dissatisfaction before
running to reposition himself. And once more, before she could pursue, Lancer had closed
the distance and she had to ward him off. She cried in pain as two curved blades sliced and
dug into her sides out of nowhere. She managed to push away Lancer and turned – and
caught a flagpole to the gut.

“Forgive me, Martha,” Jeanne apologized.
Martha blinked and smiled, despite the pain and the blood pooling from her mouth now.
“That’s up to Him, but there’s nothing to forgive, my fellow saint,” she replied. Jeanne
withdrew her flagpole, causing blood to spill out of the new hole as Martha dropped her staff.
It was a mortal wound. She could force herself to continue fighting, but she didn’t wish to.
She simply allowed herself to collapse to the ground, holding the wound.
She looked back up at the group. “You’re strong… all of you…” she panted out. “But… not
strong enough. The other Jeanne commands a great dragon on top of the wyverns. None of
you will be able to defeat it. However…” She took another breath, wincing at the pain that
caused her. “At Lyon, there’s a dragon slayer. Go there and seek his strength. He will be able
to help.” She looked over at the still unconscious Ren as she slowly dissolved into golden
light. “And… what I said before… forget it. Maybe one day I’ll be able to see him closer and
make my own judgement. Until then… I believe in your trust, Jeanne d’Arc. May His will
grant you victory.” With that, her form dissolved away, and she was gone.
All was silent now. Much of the forest lay in ruins thanks to their frenzied battle. Archer was
keeping watch but it seemed that Martha had been the only one sent to tail them. Whatever
the doppelganger planned, it was clear they weren’t part of her plans for some reason or
other.
The only sound now was a faint breeze.
Ren’s eyes twitched as he slowly opened them. He winced as his body throbbed, feeling far
too hot. The back of his head felt comfortable, but extremely sore. He glanced up. A young
woman looked back down on him. She looked familiar. Then his muddled mind put the
pieces together: she was one of the Servants who had helped cover their retreat earlier. “Ah,
you’re awake, monsieur,” she chirped, smiling down at him.
He blinked, then let out a low laugh. Right, she had already introduced herself. Marie
Antoinette. “This is the second time I ended up in a cute girl’s lap after overusing my magic
circuits,” he joked. “Maybe I should do it a lot more often if the trend keeps up.”
Marie giggled. “Well, at least you are getting better if you can joke like that,” she replied.
“Are you able to sit up?”
Ren paused, then moving his hands underneath, he pushed up. He winced as his circuits
roared in protest, but he could power through it regardless. Once he sat up fully, he turned
and bowed to Marie. “My thanks, your majesty,” he said, remembering his manners overall.
Marie clicked her tongue, wagging a finger. “Non, non, monsieur,” she chided him. “I am
currently not currently queen of France. I am simply Marie. And if you are grateful, then do
grace me with your name – it would not behoove me to call you something as unflattering as
a ‘heretic’.”
He blinked at the title. A heretic? He was about to protest, but thinking about it, his mouth
twisted into a wry smile. Well, he did kill two gods and brought forth the Devil in front of

everyone. That title was rather fitting. “It’s Ren. Ren Amamiya,” he replied, holding out a
hand for her to shake. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Marie.”
She smiled and took it. “And you as well, monsieur Amamiya.”
Before they could continue to converse, there was a shout of “JOKER!!” and Morgana
tackling Ren at full speed in a hug. Ren could only react with an ‘oof!’ as he was knocked
right back over. “Hey Mona – ow ow ow, careful, I’m sore right now!”
“That’s the least you deserve from scaring us to death like that!” Morgana yelled, tears
streaming down his eyes as he burrowed his head into Ren’s chest. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I
was beside you the whole time and I didn’t notice how much you were hurting. Just… you
know you can always count on me, right? So… please tell me, okay? We’re partners! Always
will be!”
Ren blinked in surprise, then softened into a smile as he gently pet Morgana’s head. “Yeah, I
will,” he murmured. “Sorry for worrying you.”
“Gonna apologize to the rest of us for that as well?”
Blinking, he looked back up to see that the other Servants had joined them as well. Lancer
grinned down at him with Archer frowning in concern. Mozart was a small distance away,
humming to himself. Mash knelt down beside him, resting a hand on her shoulder. “Are you
okay, senpai?” she asked gently.
Ren nodded, smiling at the shielder. “Yeah, though I think I need to rest a bit longer.”
Looking around, he saw Jeanne hiding behind the other Servants. Knowing she had been
noticed, she shuffled forward and knelt beside him as well. “Ren, I beg for your forgiveness.”
That caught him off guard. “Forgive… For what?”
Jeanne gulped. “I had reacted unnecessarily towards your powers. I doubted your intentions
and existence despite everything so far you have done for my people and for France,” she
lowered her head. “I am still in need of your powers and abilities, but I will not fault you if
you rescind it. The fault is mine and mine alone and will bear all responsibility.”
Ren blinked several times, then he let out a chuckle. Despite everything throbbing, he felt
lighter than he had in a while. “No, don’t worry about it, Jeanne,” he replied easily, waving
her apology away. “I mean, I DID summon the Devil after all, mainly for the shock value so
we can get away. It worked out well enough – just didn’t think of what would happen
afterward.”
“No, you certainly didn’t,” Archer pointed out. “We should count ourselves fortunate that the
doppelganger hasn’t mustered all her forces to track us down after that little display. She only
sent one Servant as a scout, and we’ve dealt with her.”
At that, Ren looked over to see the devastated forest nearby. He scratched his cheek. “Um,
yeah, I can definitely see that,” he muttered. “Still, I’m really sorry for lashing out at you
guys,” he apologized, looking at each person there. “Things have been…. A bit stressful

lately. And I didn’t have a decent outlet. I’ll try to have better control of myself. I can’t afford
to lose focus, after all.”
Lancer chuckled. “Kid, I’ve been lashed out at by a lot worse,” he replied. “You’re doing a
lot better than you think. Most other greenhorns would’ve broken far quicker, far earlier, and
far worse than you.”
Ren nodded gratefully. However, Morgana’s serious expression caught his eye. “What’s up,
Mona?” he asked.
Morgana looked carefully at Ren, opened his mouth to speak, then shook his head. "No,
nothing. Don't worry about it." he replied.
He frowned, but got the gist of what he was about to say. Igor’s warning about telling magi
about the Metaverse was still very clear in his mind. Still, the longer they held their tongues,
the worse things were going to get. He gulped as he considered, looking around. Everyone
else was looking him expectantly. He took a deep breath and made his decision. “After this
Singularity is resolved,” he said. “We'll talk more about what's going on." Morgana looked up
in surprise, then gave an approving nod.
“Ah, to not be privy to such secrets,” bemoaned Mozart. “How dreadful!” Then he smiled.
“But that matters little to me – at the very least, it is clear you’re the conductor here.
However it ends, I do wish to see what kind of concert you will perform!”
Ren blinked, then chuckled. Mash decided to pipe up. “Um, senpai, we’re currently on a
leyline right now,” she explained. “If you wish, I can set things up and have supplies sent to
us? Particularly medical supplies. We might need to treat you in case your magic circuits
caused any damage.”
He considered. “We can also switch our Servants, right?” he asked. Mash nodded in
confirmation. Ren nodded. “In that case, Lancer, can you switch you with Saber? Since our
presence is basically revealed at this point, there’s little point in remaining a low profile. We
might as well have some more firepower.”
Lancer chuckled. “What, I don’t have enough for you, Master?” he asked jokingly before
nodding. “Yeah, you got it, kid. I’ll tag out. You be careful though – it’ll probably get worse
before it gets any better.”
Ren scoffed. “Yeah, you’re telling me.” He started to get back up before gentle but firm
hands grabbed hold of him and pulled him back down – right back into Marie’s lap.
“Monsieur Amamiya, you are still in no state to move,” she admonished. “Do rest here for
now. If you are needed, I’m sure everyone else will call upon you.” Meanwhile, Mash was off
to the side burning with rage, but she didn’t react or say anything. It was enough for Archer
and Lancer to edge slightly away from her though – they certainly didn’t want to deal with it.
He could only blink in surprise, then sighed. “I’m not gonna convince anyone else here that
I’m fine and can help out, right?” he deadpanned.

“Nope,” came the simultaneous reply.
Sighing, he reluctantly allowed himself to rest on Marie’s legs once more. “Still, did one of
you wallop me to stop me?” he asked, rubbing his aching head.
Everyone stopped then looked at Morgana, who began sweating buckets. Ren’s gaze slowly
turned to his close friend.
“Morgana…” His voice was soft but the menace was clear.
“Wow, look at the time, Joker, you REALY need to get to sleep, so sleep!” the catlike being
hurriedly said. “Now Mash, come on, we need to get that summoning up for supplies and
Saber! Come on, let’s go, let’s go!” Mash could only stammer as he started pushing her on
the back of her legs to get her moving. Lancer just followed with a shit-eating grin on his
face, obviously enjoying the situation too much.
Ren finally sighed, then turned his gaze towards Archer. “There’s more, isn’t there?” he
asked. Archer said nothing, but a small shift in his body language gave Ren the answer. “Tell
me what I need to know. We’ll figure out a plan from there.”
And so Archer told him how the encounter with Martha went. And Ren’s mind boiled with
the information as exhaustion caught up with him and he eventually drifted off once more.
They had much to do the next day.

Chapter End Notes

It's probably a good time to remind everyone that it hasn't been all that long since the
events of Persona 5 Royal overall. I don't have a definite established timeline, but
certainly enough that Ren's... not in the best condition overall.

Chapter 15: Lyon
Chapter Summary

A storm is brewing.

Chapter Notes

Hellooooo everyone! Did you miss me?!
*crickets*
.... yeah, that's on me. Writing bug has past, and honestly, there have been quite a few
things going on lately that has sapped my will to write overall. Not huge, lifethreatening things and it'll probably be stuff that I'll look back on and laugh/roll my eyes
at, but it's just a bunch of small to mid level things that continued to pile on me until I
got worn down to nothing. It's honestly quite annoying, but what can you do?
Anyway, here's a new chapter. Again, not super proud of this one - I tried to pride
myself on replicating characters as close I can, but when there's so many personalities to
work with in FGO, I'll have to fill in the blanks somehow, somewhere. I hope what you
see here is at least serviceable. At any rate, enjoy if you can!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Why do things always have to be so complicated?” Morgana bemoaned.
Ren had to agree. They struck out for the city of Lyon, which was directly south of where
they camped the night before. However, Archer with his vision could see that Lyon was
nothing more than a ruin at that point. However, the map showed there was a town only a
small distance away to the southeast, which thankfully was still standing. They were about to
set out but stopped when Mash pointed out something:
The group, frankly, was far too suspicious for any regular French citizen. The Dragon Witch
was the doppelganger Jeanne d’Arc, so having her head in would only cause chaos. Saber,
who was a dead ringer for Jeanne, wouldn’t work either. Ren and Archer looked far too
foreign to easily gain their trust for information, Morgana looked too inhuman despite his
adorable looks (“I’m NOT adorable! I’m cool and awesome!”), Mash refused to leave Ren,
and Mozart was…. Mozart. Thus, by process of elimination, only Marie could be sent in to
gather intel.

Thus, when they explained this to Marie and asked her, she simply smiled beautifully as
always. “No problem whatsoever!” she chirped. “I do wish to see my people once more and
speak with them – this will be a marvelous opportunity! Sit tight and I will be back soon!
Mozart, do behave! Au revoir!” With that, she turned and walked toward the town.
That left the rest of the group, resting under a tree on the outskirts. It was a warm afternoon,
with both Ren and Morgana staving off sleep from how comfortable it was. Archer kept
watch as he always did while Mash sat beside Ren, torn between whether to leave Ren be or
ask if he wanted to rest his head on her lap again. The memory of Marie doing so still burned
in her mind and she wouldn’t feel satisfied until she could do so again. Mozart didn’t seem to
care too much, enjoying the wind and quietly humming a song to himself.
Jeanne and Saber were some distance away, looking over the land. “My condolences,
Jeanne,” Saber murmured. “It is never easy to see one’s homeland put to the torch or its
people slaughtered. I will do my utmost to assist you in saving your home.”
The saint smiled sadly. “That is encouraging to hear, Artoria,” she replied softly. “I thank
you.” Then she giggled, which drew a questioning gaze from Saber. “It’s ironic though – the
English were the ones who had invaded us to begin with,” she pointed out. “And now, an
English king is here to save it. I must admit, were the situation not quite so serious, it would
be rather hilarious.”
Saber blinked, then gave a wry smile as she turned to look back over the land. “Welsh, but I
see your point,” she offhandedly corrected. “While I may be the king, the English here served
under a different sovereign – I will neither condemn nor defend their actions.” That in turn
drew a raised eyebrow from Jeanne. “My time and now are centuries apart. Politics are
difficult even in the best of times, and I fought off many invaders during my rule. What
reasons they have would be their own, and the reasons for war can be great or petty – often
both.”
Jeanne was silent for a moment as she considered. Right, King Arthur was also known for
fighting off the invasions of Saxons during her time. “So you do not condemn your people –
the English – ravaging my lands and killing my people?” she asked quietly.
Artoria sighed. “War is an ugly affair, Jeanne,” she replied. “It matters little whether you’re
defending your home or invading a new territory. For the sake of necessity and the wills
behind them people will be killed. And war unleashes a rampant cruelty even in common
man – I’ve often seen it turn even the most mild-mannered farmer into a savage individual
who lusts for blood, glory, and plunder. It is normally the duty of the officers, generals, and
kings to curb such cruelty but… well, such cruelty has its place in forcing an enemy to
capitulate.”
Her lips were drawn in a hard line as she remembered the battlefields she treaded. There was
heroism and cruelty from both sides. She had captured prisoners of war and had them
interrogated for information. Chivalry and valor had their places, but when it came to war,
more often than not it was pushed aside. Victory was what that mattered in the end – and too
often it was bought dearly with blood.

The saint was silent for a bit. “Be that as it may, I do still have a mandate from Him,” she
replied. “I was to lead my people against the English and repel their invasion. To preserve
their peace and happiness however I can. Even now, I would do my utmost to lead and inspire
them if I could – even if my doppelganger works to do otherwise. I will do so, no matter
what. Though… I will need to remember that I must tread on many bodies in order to do so.”
Saber smiled sadly. “To have the courage and passion to defend your homeland despite
everything is indeed praiseworthy as it is,” she reassured her. “France will shine all the
brighter for your actions without a doubt. I look forward to your success, Saint Jeanne
d’Arc.”
Jeanne blinked, then shook her head with a chuckle. “I was a simple peasant girl who was
given a mandate,” she replied, shrugging off the compliment.
Artoria chuckled. “And I was a squire who drew Caliburn from the stone. Your point?” she
asked.
They looked at each other for a second, then both of them laughed.
A shift in presence caught their eyes – or more that it was unignorable. Marie bounced back
towards them, with a broad smile on her faces. “Welcome back, Marie!” Saber called out
with a smile. She had already been admonished by her for trying to observe formalities when
they first met. “I take it your information gathering has been successful?”
Marie nodded, beaming. “Oui, most successful and productive, I should say!” she happily
replied. Saber and Jeanne nodded as they began moved back to the others. Ren and Morgana
had lost their fight against the comfiness of the afternoon and were quietly dozing off against
a tree. Mash was curled up beside them, try to appear as though she was keeping watch –
unlike Archer, who actually was keeping watch but still within hearing distance.
“Ah, welcome back, Maria!” Mozart exclaimed. “I was on the cusp of a new symphony, but
seeing your beauty as driven it from my thoughts! Ah, such woe, only to be healed by your
soothing words!”
“You and your one-dimensional passion for music scales,” Marie berated without dropping
the smile. Then she looked over at the sleeping Ren and Morgana. “Oh my, and here I didn’t
expect to see two sleeping beauties!” she exclaimed. Before anyone could stop her, she
swooped in and planted a kiss on top of Morgana’s head and one on Ren’s lips. “Bonjour! I
am back!” she greeted happily.
Ren blinked in surprise as he quickly awoke. Her approaching presence had already stirred
him from his sleep but he certainly didn’t expect the kiss. Morgana’s blush somehow showed
past his fur and was holding his head where she kissed him. “Wh-wh-wh-THAT’S
RESERVED FOR LADY ANN!” he screeched, aghast.
Marie just giggled. “Ah, forgive me, monsieur Morgana,” she said, petting Morgana on the
head who, despite himself, ended up purring under her soft touch. “I had not realized you
were waiting for someone else. What about you, monsieur Amamiya? Were there any
issues?”

The Master could only blink, then chuckled. “No, but a warning next time would be
appreciated,” he replied easily. No girl he had hung out with back during his adventures had
been quite so forward. Inwardly he was rather panicking that a girl had so brazenly kissed
him on the lips but he managed to slip the mask on. “I’m guessing this is a common greeting
in France then?” he asked, glancing over at Jeanne.
Jeanne, who was blushing madly, frantically shook her head which raised an eyebrow from
Ren. Mozart laughed heartily. “Sorry, just ignore that,” he explained for her. “Maria has a bad
habit of kissing everything. It caused chaos in the palace. There were actually factions
formed of people she had kissed and people she hadn’t, after all. It wasn’t recorded though –
no playwright would ever write how the palace nearly fell apart before the revolution!”
That was met with stunned silence from Ren and Morgana, as well as Saber and Jeanne as
they all looked at the pouting Rider (Archer was very pointedly facing way for some reason).
“What? You guys don’t do kisses?” she asked incredulously. “I simply do it when it feels
like my heart is being squeezed by someone. I’m sure you do as well, Jeanne!”
Jeanne immediately broke out into a deep shade of red as everyone turned toward the saint. “I
d-do no s-such thing!” she stammered. “O-only with someone I was going to marry and –
wait, we’re getting off track here! We need the information you had gotten from the town!”
Her expression fell back into a more serious demeanor, but it hadn’t erased the blush that still
remained on her cheeks. Ren merely smiled without comment, Morgana snickered, Mash just
looked between the two confused, and Archer and Saber remained stone faced.
Marie huffed but proceeded to explain the information she had gotten anyway: While Lyon
was destroyed, its refugees had settled in that town. It had a protector – a knight that
suddenly appeared, defending it from wyverns and monsters of all sorts. However, he had
been overwhelmed by the Dragon Witch’s minions and has been missing since.
“Chances are good that’s our dragon slayer,” Archer commented. “But even if it wasn’t,
having more help from such a knight would be helpful.” Ren nodded in agreement.
Her report wasn’t done yet, however. Apparently, a general by the name of Gilles de Rais was
leading a contingent to retake Lyon. At the mention of his name, Jeanne’s eyes widened in
recognition. “Gilles is still here?” she asked breathlessly. Marie smiled and nodded. Jeanne
breathed a sigh of relief. “Good, good,” she murmured. “That’s good to hear.”
The Rider’s smile broadened. “Would you like to meet with him, ma cherie?” she asked, her
tone teasing.
Jeanne shook her head. “It would be best not to,” she replied. “My doppelganger is currently
causing far too much grief in my country. If I showed up amidst the French army, there would
be no small amount of complications. No, it’s best if we worked independently from him.”
“And the real reason?” Ren casually asked, looking over from where he sat. He had been
with people long enough to know when they were concealing some other reason.
The saint blanched. “Even in the best of times, Gilles can be… much,” she sheepishly
admitted, pressing the tips of her index fingers together in a nervous tic. “His loyalty is

second to none, but his devotions can be a bit unsettling. It would be better if we didn’t
intervene with him unless necessary.”
Marie smiled sympathetically. “Ah, yes, I understand those types myself. Much like Mozart
here, only his dedication is to his music with me somehow on top of that, which is only
barely tolerable with his rather gross personality.”
Mozart gasped. “Oh, how you wound me, Maria,” he melodramatically exclaimed. Then he
grinned. “But yes, I did sell my soul to music so I can understand that sort of fervor.”
The queen rolled her eyes at him again but faced the others with a more serious expression.
“That being said, Lyon is currently a den of monsters right now from what the refugees have
told me,” she explained. “If we’re heading there, we best be careful.”
Saber frowned. “You said Gilles de Rais was marching on Lyon, correct?” Marie nodded.
“The monsters there will make short work of any human soldier. We should clear them out,
else we have a slaughter on our hands. We can search for signs of this knight while we’re
there.”
Jeanne d’Arc paled at the thought and immediately nodded. Everyone else stood up or got
ready in the meantime. With that, they left, leaving the town behind. Morgana muttered again
about how he didn’t have his van form. Ren couldn’t help but agree. He wasn’t going to
blame Morgana for it but having it to travel would cut down on their travel time considerably
– a massive boon given how time was a very limited resource these days.
Their business done, they made their way over to the destroyed city of Lyon, only an hour or
so trek to the northwest. As they moved, grey clouds began moving in, shrouding the sun as
they approached the city. What they beheld was even worse than La Charite. The city had
been charred black and ruined from the work of countless dragons. What should be bodies
was now a horde of shambling husks, moaning faintly in undeath as they gripped their broken
weapon they once bravely yet futilely held in life. In the middle of the devastated city was the
remains of the castle, crumbling and falling away.
Ren and Morgana could only look at the devastation with restrained horror. At La Charite,
they were only just a few minutes late from the attack that killed everyone. Here, however,
the damage was far less fresh – the scent of blood and ash faint or gone, replaced only with
the decay of the rotting corpses from the zombies themselves. The burnt ruins didn’t smoke,
the flames that had consumed them long since extinguished from lack of fuel and weather.
Jeanne could only lower her head and murmured a quiet prayer for her fallen countrymen.
The beeping of Ren’s watch caught their attention. Tapping it, Roman got through, though his
image was staticky and threaten to cut out at any time. “We’ve found traces of the Servant,”
he said, his voice heavily distorted. “He’ll be at the castle! Hurry, we don’t have much-!” The
transmission was cut off before Roman could finish his message. All of them nodded grimly
as they advanced on the castle ruins. The Servants formed a protective cordon around them
and cut down the zombies as they approached.
Ren glanced over to Saber. Unlike when they fought the other Saber in Fuyuki, he couldn’t
see her sword. The faintest bit of an outline as she swung something and cut through her

targets, but otherwise not a thing. Well, since Saber was King Arthur, seeing her sword would
be enough of a giveaway as to her identity overall. Maybe during the Metaverse… he
discarded it. Their weapons worked because of cognitions, meaning the creatures they fought
against needed to be able to properly see their weapons for them to be effective. Invisibility
wouldn’t really do much.
As they reached the castle, the roars of wyverns filled the air. Archer turned and his eyes
widened. “I see the dragon Martha was talking about,” he commented. “It’s huge. And I’m
also seeing the doppleganger Jeanne d’Arc on top of them, lots of wyverns and… Servants.”
Archer did a count and his eyes widened. “She must’ve summoned more – counting the
doppelganger, we’ve seven Servants coming down on us.” Ren paled. It seemed the
doppelganger wanted all of them dead as fast as possible and brought out all possible stops in
order to do so.
“Should we take shelter in the castle?” Morgana asked desperately.
Saber shook her head. “Not with the dragon present,” he pointed out. “With the castle in its
current state, it can easily just collapse it on us. No, much as I loathe to say it, it would seem
our best opportunity would be open combat.”
Ren scowled. “That doesn’t mean we have to make it easy for them,” he growled. The
doppelganger already knew they were here, and with such numbers that would mean hiding
wouldn’t do much. Nor would it be effective with the streets still as populated with zombies
as they were. The sky cracked as it started pouring down rain, sheets of it splattering against
the ground. Ren scowled. Great.
“Archer, provide cover fire,” he commanded. “See if you can scatter them and make it harder
for them to land and gather. Once the dragon gets closer, get its attention away from us as
best as you can.” Archer nodded, summoning his bow in response. “Mash, Jeanne, you’ll be
with me. We’ll head into the town and try to pick them off as best we can. Hit and run – if the
situation goes bad even slightly, we’ll turn and head off!
Mash gripped her shield tightly as Jeanne nodded. “By your lead.”
He turned to the others. “Morgana, head with Saber,” he continued. “You’ll be doing the
same thing. If either of us are in a bad situation, we’ll fall back and rendezvous at the castle
gate.”
Morgana nodded, his large eyes narrowed in grim determination. “Alright Joker. But you
better be careful yourself, okay?”
There was one last bit of orders. “Marie, Mozart, head into the castle,” he ordered. “Comb it
as fast as you can for the Servant. We’ll buy you as much time as possible.”
“Oh, how considerate of you, monsieur Amamiya. The rain does terrible things to my hair
after all,” Marie joked with a light smile. “We shall see it done. Do stay safe – France and the
world will have need of brave men like you before all is said and done, I should think.”

Despite the seriousness of the situation, Ren had to smirk. “When does it not?” he asked
rhetorically. His smile faded as a much deeper, powerful roar filled the air. He felt shivers of
fear up his spine despite himself. The roar of the creature felt primeval, activating the evolved
instinct of fear within all humans when faced with a supremely more powerful predator. One
that made it clear that, in a head on confrontation, there was no match.
But still, his mask slid over his expression. Once more, Ren wasn’t needed for the battlefield.
It was Joker that would see them all through, just as he had done through countless palaces.
“One last order: No one is to die here,” he said sternly, looking at all of them. “This isn’t an
all-out battle. Once we have the Servant, Marie or Mozart will signal us and we’ll retreat.
We’ll need whatever strength we can accumulate and a better battlefield.” This was the first
time Ren was commanding people against such overwhelming forces, but it still felt familiar
nevertheless: discussing plans and issuing orders to a small group of people on the field.
A faint pang rang out in his heart but there wasn’t any time for that.
“Let’s go,” Ren commanded. The group, sans Archer, Marie, and Mozart dashed into the
town, splitting off in different directions. The latter two Servants quickly ducked into the
castle on their own mission as Archer summoned swords and drew his bow. He swiftly fired
off a volley of arrows towards the swarm rapid approaching them – and his eyes widened as
his shots were all intercepted and exploded well before they closed the distance. There could
only be one explanation: the doppelganger had an Archer class Servant with hem.
Ren looked up. Seeing through the rain, he quickly noticed none of Archer’s shots were
hitting. He scowled. They needed a distraction. He glanced at two Servants with him for an
idea and noticed something. Jeanne’s weapon was a flag. And flags could be used for many
things – especially for grabbing someone’s attention. “Jeanne, Mash, come with me!” he
ordered. They both blinked but immediately nodded. They ran through the streets, swiftly
killing off whatever zombies were in their way. The rain was pouring down, making it hard to
see as water ran down from his hair in front of his eyes, but that didn’t matter.
Once they were a good distance away to the side, he looked around. There was a building that
was still relatively intact, with the roof more or less in one piece. “Mash, get me up there,” he
said. “Jeanne, you come up too!” Mash nodded, grabbing hold of Ren and immediately
leaping up. She grabbed on to the edge without too much trouble and threw Ren up onto the
roof, a feat easily done with her Servant level of strength. Jeanne quickly hauled herself up as
well.
They both looked at Ren for further orders. Ren himself was looking. Shielding his eyes from
the rain splashing in front of his eyes, he could still somewhat see the wyverns and the
dragon. He nodded. This would do. “Jeanne, wave your flag and get their attention!” he
commanded.
Jeanne blinked. “Will they be able to see it as this distance?” she asked.
Ren chuckled. “Oh, they’ll be looking in our direction alright,” he replied. “I’ll make sure of
it.”

The saint hesitated, the nodded. Unfurling her flag, she raised her flag – the symbol of the
monarchy of France and the crown of Heaven - and waved it proudly. Ren stood beside her as
he tore off his metaphorical mask once more.
“Metatron!”
The great metallic angel’s presence was felt immediately. The holy aura was almost
overpowering to both Jeanne and Mash who barely resisted falling to their knees in awe.
About the same time, they could feel the killing intent radiate from the enemy party straight
towards them. Despite the overwhelming presence of their enemies, Ren smirked. He knew
there was no way they could ignore such a powerful figure, and even less that the
doppelganger would ignore seeing such a powerful angel at the side of Jeanne d’Arc
Before they could rally, from the other side of the contingent came a gigantic gust of wind. It
seemed Saber and Morgana had the same idea of grabbing their attention as well, though in a
more direct manner. The gust blew the wyverns off course, even causing the dragon to turn
around and roar in that direction. However, it also had one further consequence that they had
forgotten about:
Archer’s arrows were no longer intercepted by the enemy Archer. They rapidly swarmed in,
seeking out exposed necks and wings of wyverns, with several of them exploding amidst the
heavily grouped air force, causing them to collide and crash against once another, with a
good deal of wyverns shrieking as they tumbled out of the sky.
As the contingent tried to make up their minds on where to strike first, several exploding
arrows hit the dragon directly in the face. The dragon roared in sheer rage and anger and
began taking off towards the source of those arrows. The doppelganger mounted on its back
screamed at it to turn around, but the dragon paid no heed. All it cared about was going after
the insignificant speck that dared to offend it. Taken away from the main force, she was
unable to properly give orders, only left screaming fruitlessly at her greatest asset now
liability.
The red-mantled hero smirked as he began moving from rooftop to rooftop, clearing to
clearing, keeping away from the dragon’s wrath and maintaining his range as he continued to
bombard and taunt the dragon. This would be his battle from here on out.
Ren, Mash, and Jeanne barely got down from the roof in time. A wyvern had barreled
straight toward their direction, its wings punctured by several of Archer’s arrows. It crashed
headlong into a building past them, turning the ruined structure into nothing more than
rubble. The rubble then shifted, and something – or rather, someone – burst through, climbing
out of the rubble.
A young woman with green hair climbed out. Her features, normally beautiful, were twisted
with rage and bloodlust as her green hair, ending in gold, matted against her body from the
rain. Her light turquoise dress was soaked and clung to her lithe figure, but instead of any
allure, it only accented her movements, which were more akin to a coiled beast ready to
spring. In her hand was a bow, gripped so tightly Ren wouldn’t be surprised if it broke under
the strain.

“Kill, I’ll kill you, I’ll kill you!” she snarled out. Her grass-green eyes only reflected sheer
hatred. No reason or conversation would ever get to her.
Jeanne scowled. “Madness enhancement,” she stated simply, raising her flag. “To think, my
doppelganger would force such a thing on other Servants so they would serve her. She truly
isn’t me after all. Ren, Mash, please assist me – I wish to break the madness of the Servant
and grant her peace.”
Mash nodded, stepping up beside her with her shield raised. “Of course, Jeanne,” she said,
ready.
Ren smirked behind her. “A dance in the rain with three ladies? Who could say no to that?”
he joked. Jeanne and Mash blushed but their expressions didn’t change, nor did they turn
away from the snarling Servant. There was a time for jokes, but they all knew he was serious.
They would deal with her and move on.
The green Archer drew her bow, and Jeanne and Mash charged.
Saber and Morgana moved, her armored feet splattering against the soaked stone streets as
Morgana easily ran lightly beside her. They had also seen Archer’s shots were being
intercepted and had been looking for a good spot to engage the enemy themselves when they
felt that holy aura, even over such a long distance. Saber was the first to shake out of it. It
provided her with an opportunity: it distracted the enemy formation considerably. Raising her
blade, she lashed out, using the gusts of wind that normally coated her sword to form a
hurricane wind.
“Strike air!”
Morgana blinked, shocked out of his reverie, but took his cue as well. “Zorro!” he called out.
The musketeer persona appeared once more. Tracing a pattern with his rapier, it joined
Saber’s wind and amplified it, causing the gust to be even stronger as it slammed into the
wyverns, causing havoc among them. The enemy Archer, jostled by the winds and the other
wyverns crashing into her couldn’t maintain a good firing position, allowing their Archer to
pelt them with anti-air fire.
Both Saber and Morgana smirked. Saber had qualms at first on working alongside a Master
that shared the same name as the witch who had led Mordred into destroying her kingdom,
but Morgana had been nothing less than capable and loyal. Maybe a touch arrogant, but
frankly she had dealt with far worse with the Round Table.
“Ha, nice going, Saber! That got them messed up!” he crowed.
Saber smiled. “Same to you, Master,” she replied genuinely. “But our work is not done.
Come, we should move to-“
“AAAAAAARTHUUUUUUURRR!!!!!”

At the scream, they both turned to look. A dark shape jumped out of the contingent, landing
on the rooftops before crashing down to the ground. With a wild scream, the dark figure
moved in a blur, holding a long cylindrical shape. Saber barely reacted in time, raising her
blade to intercept the blow. Her poor footing combined with the slick streets forced her to
give way to the blow, her feed sliding for purchase. Saber scowled as she beheld the figure in
front of her: A pitch-black knight, with smoke radiating from its masterfully crafted armor.
The only sign of life was the red gleam from its eye ports.
Saber gulped. This knight called her name and she could feel familiarity with it, even though
nothing about it was clear to her for some reason. All she knew was that it was most likely a
Knight of the Round Table, which meant only one thing: This would be a difficult battle for
her.
“Saber!” Morgana called out. He was about to race over to her side when his instincts flared
into hyper drive. He dodged to the side – and barely moved out of the way of a thin rapier,
slicing his cheek. Sliding away, he looked to see one of the Servants he had originally saw:
the elegantly dressed Servant in blue. Holding a rapier, they blinked as Morgana took out his
cutlass and rallied himself.
“Oh, you’ve sharp instincts, monsieur cat,” they commented. “I am impressed. It is not often
in my line of work that one is able to detect my presence, nor react so quickly.”
“Yeah well, moving about stealthily is my bread and butter, so I’m used to it,” Morgana
retorted. “Who the heck are you anyway? If you’re gonna duel me, you might as well tell me
who you are.”
The Servant smiled. “Normally, I’m not the type to bandy words about – information is quite
deadly, as you most likely well know,” they commented lightly. “However, the other Jeanne
forced a Madness Enhancement on me so I would obey her orders, so I will tell you what I
can: I am Chevalier d’Eon, Saber class. The Knight of the White Lily and a spy. I shall not
ask who you are, else I am compelled to report it.”
Morgana smiled sadly. “Heh. A spy as elegant as you, huh?” he asked. “A shame – I think
we’d get along. But sorry, I gotta take you down here.”
D’Eon smiled. “You will try,” they replied, raising their rapier.
“Non, not here either.”
“Ah, this din of battle assaults my ears! Oh, woe is me!”
“I will personally box your ears if that’s what it takes for you to search faster, Mozart!”
“Maria, anything but that!”
Marie and Mozart quickly ran through the crumbling hallways of the castle. The roars of the
dragons and wyverns, combined with the clash of weapons, echoed all the way even into the

innards of the castle through numerous holes in the architecture. They opened another door,
which led to the ruins of a sitting room. Nothing there either.
The Rider clicked her tongue in annoyance. Though the Servant was somewhere in the castle,
they couldn’t find them even after searching through heaven knows how many rooms. She
wasn’t about to give up, however. Their allies were counting on them. And Mozart, despite
his whining and complaints, had been searching just as hard as Marie was, even trying to
pinpoint any sounds through the noise of battle.
They were about to continue when a presence filled the hallway. Turning around, they saw a
Servant appearing before them. White haired, dressed in a black coat with high white
pauldrons. His ice-blue eyes were serene but filled with a bloodlust that sent chills down their
spines. In his hand was a black greatsword, tipped with a large piece at the end. It was a
terrible sword: It couldn’t slash well, and with the piece in front neither could it stab. As a
tool of war, it was impractical and useless.
But it could do one thing, and one thing well: It could chop and sever. As an executioner’s
weapon, it was ideal.
“Sanson, so you’re here,” Marie said, recognizing the Servant immediately. After all, she
could hardly forget her own executioner. “To think this is how we’d be reunited – it is less
that auspicious, no?”
Sanson smiled. “Ah, perhaps to you, but for me, it is indeed auspicious,” he replied kindly.
“An execution requires qualifications. As such, I am the only one fitting to execute you. My
blade has been honed time and time again, just so I can bequeath to you my gift again, this
one singular bliss I can share with you. Tell me, Marie, did you not feel that rapturous
pleasure as my blade descended on you?”
Marie shuddered. “Sanson… you took my execution seriously,” she murmured, her cheerful
demeanor gone. “And for all your heartlessness, you never looked down on criminals. For
that, I thank you gratefully and cherish you. However, as you are now, you are nothing more
than a killer – a tormentor for criminals as opposed to their savior as an executioner. And
besides –“ Here she pouted. “I already know enough men with perverse hobbies! I do not
require yet another!”
Despite Marie’s rejection, he smiled. “Ah, Marie, to hear your love from your lips still
gladdens me. But rest assured, I’ve only gotten better since then. Please, allow me to show
you.” He then turned to Mozart, who had been watching with a scowl on his face. His smile
turned to a frown. “Though I do agree with what you stated about men with perverse hobbies.
I doubt Marie would ever indulge in your fetishes, Mozart.”
Mozart scoffed. “She would no doubt partake in my perversity than deal with your insanity,
Sanson,” he snapped.
“Speak such nonsense one more time and it will be your last, Mozart,” Marie growled.
“Sanson, we both wished for Marie’s heart,” Mozart continued, ignoring her. “But a woman’s
heart doesn’t come from her beheading – what kind of twisted logic is that? For someone as

pragmatic and rational as you, such a speech might as well have been spun by the devil
himself! And indeed, we just met him less than a day ago!” Marie shuddered as Sanson
blinked, confused. “So kindly perish by our hands! I will be more than happy to play a
requiem for you, in hopes you shall come to your senses!”
The berserk Assassin frowned. “Mozart, my blade right now is strictly only for Marie’s
neck,” he stated. “I do have one more companion with me, though he might have gotten lost
in the hallways. Please entertain yourself with – ah, here he comes now.”
“Ah, Christine, Christine. Even now, I can hear your dulcet tones. Oh, Christine. Are you
here, perhaps?”
Another Servant appeared behind them. A hauntingly beautiful young man, dressed elegantly
in a black suit with a tattered cloak. His handsomeness however was marred by a smile that
was tinged in both madness and sadness. A white, bloody mask and bandages covered half
his face, with his hands tipped in bloody claws.
“Hm, your song, I wish to hear it,” he murmured, looking over at them with a similar serene
smile as Sanson had. “Are you Cristine? Is your tones as melodious as hers? Ah, I wish to
hear it! Your song! Sing for me as I shall sing for you! I, the Phantom of the Opera, shall
swear it! Christine!”
Mozart scowled as he moved to intercept the Phantom. “My, certainly not how I expected to
encounter a fellow musician!” he remarked. “Though I sold my soul to music, you, my good
friend, certainly do take it to extremes even I find distasteful. I am not Christine, but if it’s
music you wish to hear, I shall certainly oblige! Your requiem!”
“Not… Christine?” the Phantom asked, his held tilting. His faced twisted into an ugly snarl.
“Then I wish to hear no song from you – it will be as wretched as nails on a chalkboard, as
ugly as I! Ah, Christine, let me hear your song once more, after I kill these wretched
creatures who would dare defile your notes!”
“Well, I have to say I’m quite offended now!” Mozart growled. “Come now, Phantom of the
Opera. Let us see who here is best at the end of the day: Your song or my compositions!”
And thus raged the battle of the ruined Lyon.

Chapter End Notes

Before you guys ask, no, I didn't miscount. :)
Anyway, while I was off for the week, I've been pondering a few new writing projects.
One is related, a non-canon LeBlanc that the Servants visit and can talk to Ren or any of
his friends, both the other Phantom Thieves and the Confidants. The other is a new
crossover: Team Fortress 2 x Monster Hunter World. It'd be nothing but pure crack, as
both series never had the greatest handle on logic or sensibility to begin with. I would

certainly want to see how Medic and Engineer would react to seeing weapons made
from the parts of monsters and their potential. Hint: Very bad things.
Regardless, I won't do so yet. This fanfic is already taking quite a bit of energy and I
really should pace myself before I melt into a blob on the ground, unable to write
another word. After all, this is all for fun - not like I'm being paid for this. And it'd be
pretty presumptuous of me to set up a patreon for just one fanfic with no artwork or
anything else whatsoever. XD
Though speaking of being presumptuous, out of curiosity, if I started a discord, would
anybody join? Just a random question I had on a whim. Do let me know, though.

Chapter 16: The Knight and the Dragon
Chapter Summary

Both the strongest and weakest always have their trump cards to play.

Chapter Notes

Well, this took a while.
I'm not gonna lie, guys. I've been through... no small amount of stuff recently. Nothing
life-changing, but enough to completely drain my inspiration and muse for a good long
time. I kinda had to drag this chapter out kicking and screaming out of my mind. It's
been tough overall. This is my first ever big writing project - before this I had mostly
only done RP posts which were 2-3 paragraphs, usually, and keeping my attention for a
large project is far trickier than I expected.
I don't think I'll ever get back to the daily/two day updates I used to do. My energy is a
bit more spent than I'd like, and so is my inspiration. But you guys like the story and I
hardly want to disappoint you all, so I'll keep doing what I can at a more relaxed and
moderate pace. I hope that's alright with you guys.
With that, please enjoy. Again, quality isn't what I'd like but that's pretty standard at this
point.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Saber slid back from yet another heavy hit from the mysterious armored Servant. She
grimaced as she held up her beautiful blade, ready for another rally. Despite the fact that
Berserker had his senses all taken leave of him – hence his name – his fighting prowess was
another matter entirely. The cylindrical thing he wielded was nothing more than a pipe that
she eventually managed to sheer through. Berserker only grabbed a pair of wooden sticks,
which immediately turned black with red veins, and re-engaged.
“AAAAAAAAARRRRTHUUUUURRRR!!!”
And there was the fact that it kept screaming her name and somehow knew her
swordsmanship well. She was a master swordswoman, with only a few she would call her
peer. But that was it: a few. She was aware that those who could match her skill with a sword
would be all over the world, but with the Servant’s choice of dress – a medieval suit of armor

– that narrowed things considerably. She had no doubt it was one of the Knights of the Round
Table.
The question was, which one?
“Enough of this!” she barked, drawing herself up. Her golden hair was pressed and matted
against her face while her drenched dress clung to her slight figure underneath her armor,
making her look less impressive overall. Nevertheless, her voice still rang out clear and
bright through the rain. “If you must fight me because you fight under a different master, then
so be it! I commend your valor! However, it is beneath you to not declare who you are! If you
answer to me as your liege, then name yourself!”
The armored figure neither moved nor said anything. For a moment, the only sound was the
rain and the faint clash of steel behind them as Morgana and the other Servant clashed behind
them. Then the Berserker shuddered, steel groaning at the movement. Saber braced herself –
and her eyes widened as the knight dropped the stick and summoned a new weapon. A much
larger one, comprised of multiple small cylinders that started rotating faster and faster. The
last time she saw such a weapon was-!
“AAAAAAAAARRRRTHUUUUURRRRR!!!!” it howled as the cylinders began rotating
blurringly fast. Saber scowled and immediately ran, taking the opportunity to grab Morgana
by the head as she moved. Just in the nick of time: As she ran past a corner into an alley, the
gatling gun roared to life, its prana-enhanced bullets shredding everything in front of it. The
pavement was rapidly pounded to dust as the rubble was reduced to nothing under its
withering hail. D’Eon barely managed to dodge in time, though they had to break off with a
scowl as blood seeped from their leg where several bullets found their mark.
Saber kept running with Morgana in her grip as she turned another corner, seeking cover and
shelter from the knight – no, Lancelot’s weapon. Her memories of her Fourth Holy Grail War
were a bit blurry, but there was no mistaking that weapon. What knight Servant utilized a
gatling gun like that, after all?
“H-heh, thanks Saber. Things were getting a bit dicey there.”
The Servant of the Sword looked down at acknowledge her Master – and her eyes widened.
Morgana was cut from multiple places and was badly injured. His cutlass was still in his
hand, but his gaze was dull, blood staining his normally black and white fur. It was clear that
the fight against another Servant hadn’t gone well for him despite his best efforts.
She scowled. This was her fault. She had gotten so distracted by the presence of another
Knight of the Round and as a result, was negligent in protecting her Master. Morgana had to
fight against a Servant all by himself and despite his unique skills and abilities, he was still
no match for the enhanced, superhuman capabilities of one.
“Can you heal?” she asked worriedly. Morgana glanced up at her before summoning Zorro.
He didn’t have a chance to earlier; every attempt to call forth Zorro before had been
interrupted by D’Eon before he could do anything. It made sense – no serious combatant
would allow their opponent to summon up their power or utilize their specialty.

The grinning musketeer appeared once more and drew another pattern into the air. A green
light surrounded Morgana as his wounds closed. He sighed in relief as his injuries were
sealed… but as Zorro faded away, his fatigue hit him like a truck. He collapsed on his rear as
his small legs gave out.
“Master?!” Saber asked.
Morgana looked up at her with a weary grin. “Healing with a Persona normally doesn’t do
much for actual wounds,” he explained. “It’s usually more spurts of energy to keep everyone
going. But guess with how it works now, I can actually heal injuries. But man, it’s way more
tiring to use now than before. I’ll be good with some time to rest, but…”
“Time and rest are luxuries we don’t have,” Saber concluded for him, nodding with a stern
expression. Still, she noted the term that Morgana let slip in his explanation. A Persona…
She heard that term before. She would need to consult the library or perhaps ask Rider about
it when they returned.
And they would return, no matter what.
However, before long, they noticed something: How quiet it was. No more screams of
Berserker and the roar of his gunfire died down long ago. All that remained was the sound of
falling rain. However, neither of them relaxed for a second. Like hell they would believe an
enemy combatant like Berserker would just up and leave. It wasn’t like they even ran all that
far. They had to be ready for an attack at anyThe walls beside them burst as Berserker charged out, howling. Instead of the gatling gun or
even pieces of debris it had been using as impromptu weapons, Berserker now wielded a
beautiful longsword, though tainted and profaned. She barely raised her own just in time to
block the strike, being forced back under the sheer mad strength of the knight. The black fog
from Berserker is gone, and it was like a haze in her mind was lifted. With that blade, there
was absolutely no doubt about it.
“Zorro!”
With another call from Morgana, a gust of razor wind slammed into Lancelot from behind.
He roared in rage as he stumbled forward from it, allowing Saber to regain her balance and
swing her blade, shoving Lancelot off her. She smiled appreciatively to Morgana, who only
gave a tired grin in turn. The other Saber Servant hadn’t returned yet, but she would need to
keep a close eye on Morgana. He was in no condition to continue fighting. If that Saber
Servant reappeared, it would be a trivial matter to finish him off.
“Lancelot,” she stated. At the mention of his name, the Berserker Servant froze, his sword –
Arondight – clasped in a death grip in his gauntleted hand. “To see you like this is pitiful. I
know my actions as a king have driven you to this point and for that, I apologize.
However…” She raised her blade. “Right now, I’ve worthy Masters to defend who strive for
worthier goals. For that reason, I cannot allow you your due, nor can I even afford to face you
honorably as a knight would. And so, I will strike you down without fail. En garde,
Lancelot!”

“AAAAAAAARRRRTHUUUUURRRRR!!!” Lancelot roared once more. The two knights
charged, and profaned and pure clashed against each other in the rain-soaked streets of the
ruined Lyon.
---------Morgana hated feeling useless.
It hadn’t been the first time he felt that way. Back when his memories were missing, the gap
between him and the other Phantom Thieves had slowly but surely been eroding away. His
leadership and planning had been supplanted by Ren and eventually Makoto, easily utilizing
his knowledge beyond even his own abilities. Then his navigational skills had been eclipsed
handily by their genius hacker, Futaba. Ryuji didn’t help, his usual insults unknowingly
becoming as sharp as daggers as they chipped away at his fragile confidence, leaving nothing
left.
Finally, he exploded and left. He attempted to repeat what he had before when he
encountered Haru, fashioning her into the ‘Beauty Thief’ as they tried to confront her father’s
palace by themselves. It was partly his way of getting back at the other Thieves, as petty as it
was, and partly his way of trying to prove to himself and everyone else that he still had
worth. Memories or no, that he was still strong and capable and intelligent.
But he failed. He failed to infiltrate the palace and failed to protect Haru. He got himself hurt
in the process. For Morgana, he thought that would be the end. He explained Haru’s situation
to everyone else to the best of his ability, then he would leave before he became a liability.
There was no need to drag everyone with him into his own goals – they had surpassed him
long ago, after all. But Haru coaxed him, and he revealed his desires: That he wanted to stay
with everyone to the very end.
And to his utter surprise and delight, they immediately accepted. Nobody wanted him to go,
and it was apparent that despite everything, they missed him dearly. Ren and Futaba
especially – deeply ironic considering they both outpaced him in so many different regards.
To that end, he vowed that he would commit his all for their sake. Ren’s enemies were his
enemies. Morgana was their comrade, and he would stand with them to the very end.
But vow or not, some things simply couldn’t be surpassed by sheer willpower alone. Despite
his boast and challenge to D’Eon, he could feel that instinctual chill down his spine like when
he fought the blackened Rider back in Fuyuki: D’Eon was far, far beyond his ability to deal
with. And worse, he didn’t have backup. Saber, as powerful as she was, had her hands full
with the black knight Servant, meaning he had to deal with the French spy and duelist alone.
And as knowledgeable as he was, even he was drawing a blank on D’Eon.
Giving him no more time to think, D’Eon stepped forward, their rapier flashing in their hand.
Morgana had a very, very slight advantage that he was considerably shorter than most foes
D’Eon ever had to face against, but that was swiftly negated by all their other advantages:
Speed, skill, strength, and instinct. D’Eon may have been ‘just’ a spy, but they were a Servant
and knew combat well. Morgana was put on the backfoot as he did everything he could to
deflect D’Eon’s swift strikes, but for all his agility and experience, that didn’t save him

entirely: Several strikes moved past his cutlass and cut him, leaving ribbons of blood that
stained his pristine fur.
Morgana scowled as he retreated to buy himself time, only for D’Eon to pursue easily. He
had been becoming increasingly aware of how unviable his Metaverse form was for actual
fighting: His head was much larger than his body overall, and with how low he was to the
ground, it was basically a gigantic ‘hit me’ balloon for anyone with even a modicum of battle
sense. He had been training with Archer to try and reduce that weakness of his, but a few
days’ of training wasn’t nearly enough to fend off experienced warriors. If only he had his
increased agility and strength from being in the Metaverse, but unfortunately, he had no such
mercy.
Dodging to the side to avoid a thrust from taking out his eye – leaving behind yet another
weeping cut to the side of his head – he raised his cutlass as he focused on D’Eon once more
through the pain. The elegantly dressed Saber didn’t seem particularly into the fight, he
noted. But it wasn’t like they were toying with Morgana either – it rather felt like dealing
with the Phantom Thief was a frankly annoying chore that they would rather not bother with
if they could help it. In short, they were holding back.
Ignoring the blow to his pride, he had to wonder why. From what little he saw of the
doppelganger’s Servants, it seemed that they followed her orders out of obligation rather than
any sense of loyalty. Martha had directly disobeyed her orders despite her hostility and the
Lancer and Assassin from before seemed more interested in their own agendas than following
her orders. However, that didn’t matter too much right now – D’Eon didn’t give him any
openings to exploit, and while their martial prowess was well below Saber’s, it was still far
beyond what Morgana could deal with. The best he could do was buy time and occupy D’Eon
so they couldn’t assist the black knight.
At least, that was the plan until he was unceremoniously grabbed in the head by said Saber as
she ran. Any complaints Morgana had died down as the roar of a gatling gun issued out, the
resulting bullets turning the cobblestone he was just standing on into nothing but dust and
rubble. His peripheral vision caught D’Eon retreating as well, bleeding from the leg as
multiple bullets had sunk in. Despite everything, Morgana had to give a small smirk of
satisfaction. It seemed that at the very least, his opponent was in no condition to pursue them
– though it still stung him that he couldn’t do a thing against the Servant.
Once they had a moment to recover, Morgana summoned Zorro to heal himself. The wounds
had thankfully sealed up, allowing him some blessed relief and removed the danger of
infection or bleeding out, but it only added further to his fatigue. Then afterward, he used
another Garudyne to distract the black knight, nullifying his ambush as Saber proceeded to
engage him and knocked him away. He rested against the wall, only partially listening in to
Saber’s words as the rain steamed against his overheating body.
As the Saber and the black knight – Lancelot apparently – clashed, he kept careful watch of
the whole situation. Lancelot kept screaming madly, his wild blows forcing Saber to give
ground with each and every one, but each move of his wasn’t that of a madman despite
everything. No, Morgana could see that his blade was still wielded with the precision one
would expect from a master swordsman. Saber was no slouch herself, her holy blade meeting

his profaned one each time, but she was gritting her teeth at the effort needed to keep up with
her compatriot.
Morgana frowned. He knew they didn’t have long – wyverns would be on them before too
long and the enemy would have a chance to regroup. He considered a retreat but immediately
discarded the thought. Judging from his madness, Lancelot wouldn’t let them retreat easily.
And with his combat prowess, he could easily inflict a lot of damage to their group by
himself – neither he nor Ren would be able to resist him even for a millisecond, Jeanne,
Marie, and Mozart simply weren’t strong enough, and while Archer might put up a better
showing, he wouldn’t be better than Saber.
No, he needed to be dealt with here and now.
Scowling, he slowly stood up, his limbs aching and heavy. His wounds were gone but he
could still feel the phantom pain. He hadn’t pushed himself nearly this hard back during their
Metaverse escapades, but frankly it didn’t matter now – if they didn’t pull through here,
they’d never see anyone again. And he saw Ren’s pain from everyone being ripped away
from him. No, he had committed his loyalty to Ren. No matter what he suffered through or
how much he needed to do this, he would see things through.
Calling Zorro to him once more, he felt his circuits fire up again. This move was one that he
learned with Ren back at that jazz bar, so long ago – and it paid dividends then. It would do
so here. He pointed to Saber. Three lights – orange, green, and purple – flashed around her
for a brief second before fading away – Heat Riser. The resulting energy drain nearly caused
Morgana to collapse once more, using his cutlass like a crutch to avoid falling flat on his
face. Gritting his teeth, he looked up at their Servant. “Go get ‘em, Saber!” he called out.
Saber blinked as the lights had surrounded her. Suddenly, she felt stronger and lighter on her
feet. Her armor seemed to have a faint glow around it too. By her estimation, her stats must
have shot up at least a full rank. She smirked at the encouragement as she raised Excalibur
once more. Her Masters were certainly rather versatile, weren’t they? She didn’t know how
long this power boost would last but she would have to repay them in kind before it faded
away.
“AAAAAAARRRRTHUUUUURRRR!!!!” Lancelot howled once more. Undeterred by the
lights, he charged Saber once more, raising Arondight. Saber took a quiet breath, lowering
her sword and pointing the blade behind her. Another hurricane gust of wind blasted forth,
rocketing her towards her insubordinate knight as Morgana covered his face from the
splashing water.
Lancelot gave a startled squawk at the sudden speed and ferocity of Saber’s attack as she
raised her blade and slashed. The peerless blade sliced through his breastplate, spilling blood.
Braking with her blade, Saber whirled about and charged again. The Berserker tried to
counterattack, but his timing was off just enough that Saber got under his guard and sliced off
his hand, Arondight clattering to the ground. Another cut across his torso was all that was
needed to finish it.
Saber panted slightly as she looked at the black knight, collapsing on his knees and bleeding
profusely. “I did not wish it had ended this way, Lancelot,” she murmured. “I never did.

Whatever madness possessed you in life… I apologize for it. For now, you have done your
duty. Please, go and rest. May you find whatever rest you are worthy of.”
The knight growled, golden dust beginning to fall off his figure. With slow, heavy
movements, he reached up and took off his helmet, dropping it as his strength failed him. His
long, matted, purple hair clung to his face, its normally handsome visage twisted and warped
in madness. However, tears streamed from his eyes, which only reflected sadness and grief.
“M-my king,” he gasped out in a strangled voice. “F-forgive… me….” With that, he
dissolved into golden light. And soon, it was just Saber and Morgana, with nothing more than
the ruins and the rain to keep them company.
A sudden roar roused their attention. Whatever thoughts the two had were shoved aside.
“Come on, Saber,” Morgana called out. “We need to head back to the gate – we’ll figure out
the situation from there!” Saber nodded, once more taking the weakened Morgana in her
arms as she began running towards their rendezvous point.
Then their eyes widened and were almost blinded as a gigantic sphere of light appeared in the
middle of the town. Morgana recognized the feel of it immediately:
A Palace.
---------Archer scowled as moved from alley to alley, trying to avoid the dragon – easier said than
done as it rampaged through the mostly desiccated buildings, each swipe of its claws, sweep
of its tail, or even flap of its wings razing them to the ground. Maintaining his distance, he
kept up a slow but steady stream of exploding sword arrows that didn’t do anything much
besides annoy the dragon. It was his job, of course, but that didn’t mean it didn’t suck. He
didn’t even have the luxury of backup either – everyone was too busy with their own battles
and duties.
Honestly, he wasn’t surprised that the Jeanne d’Arc doppelganger had dispatched such a large
force to take care of them. After that little show of Ren bringing out Satan with his magecraft
coupled with the fact that Martha had been handily dealt with by them, it probably brought
them up several notches on her threat meter. They had turned from a ‘nuisance’ to
‘immediate threat’, and she was using whatever resources she had to squash them out for
good. Good on her for at least immediately recognizing that they were a problem that needed
to be dealt with directly.
Still, judging from the fact that the doppelganger was still screaming and futilely ordering her
dragon to turn around, she still had a lot of notable flaws to exploit: First, she was extremely
short-tempered in contrast to the actual saint, blindly rushing like a bull and trying to
bulldoze all her problems with her rage. Second, none of her subordinates seemed all too
loyal to her, from what little he saw of her Servants and how the dragon completely
disregarded her orders. And third, the bulk of her forces comprised of wyverns, which were
beasts, meaning her strategies boiled down to ‘throw them at whatever’s causing a fuss’.
Sure, she didn’t need much more for medieval France, which couldn’t mount an effective

resistance against wyverns or Servants, but against stronger foes, she would struggle
considerably.
He moved off to the side, misdirecting the dragon as it wrecked the building he would’ve ran
to had he continued straight ahead. Maneuvering to its flank and behind, he hopped up onto a
roof. He only had a few seconds before the dragon would notice him, but that would be
enough. Most of what was going on was concealed by various buildings and rubble, but he
could see many of the wyverns stirring and getting up, roaring in rage and panic. The
doppelganger couldn’t issue orders but she didn’t need to – in such close proximity, once they
took flight, they could easily start tracking everyone else down.
The red-mantled hero smirked. This might be an opportunity to take care of a large number of
their problems in one fell swoop.
“I am the bone of my sword.”
He quickly jumped to another rooftop just as the dragon’s tail smashed down, disintegrating
the building he had just been on as it caught wind of his location once more. Nocking another
arrow to his bow, he fired it – not at the dragon, but at the cluster of wyverns. The arrow split
into multiple as they thudded against the hides and wings of the wyverns. Not enough to
harm then, but enough to annoy and irritate the hell out of them. And more importantly, in a
clear direction that they knew precisely who had shot them to begin with.
“Steel is my body, and fire is my blood.”
The wyverns shrieked and roared. Quickly gaining purchase on the ground, they began taking
wing, flying towards Archer in every attempt to shred him to pieces. So far so good.
“I have created over a thousand blades.”
The doppelganger looked over at the wyverns, then back at Archer. Her face twisted into
mocking amusement. “Well, I didn’t think you were quite so eager to die, Archer!” she called
out from her seat on the dragon’s back as the mentioned Servant dodged a fast lunge from the
dragon before blasting him in the face with yet another arrow. “The other Servants will take
care of your friends, but I guess you’ll have the honor of going first!”
“Unknown to death, nor known to life.”
“Well, what can I say, when you’ve lived as long as I have, you need more stimulation in
life,” Archer drawled like he wasn’t being hounded by a gigantic, winged creature of death as
well as countless flying lizards who were doing their best to claw him to death. He winced a
bit as a claw nicked his cheek but otherwise ignored it. “Courting death is for fools,
especially battle-hungry ones, but then, it seems you’re all too used to that, aren’t you?”
The doppelganger narrowed her eyes. “What was that?!” she snarled
“Have withstood pain to create many weapons.”

Archer shot yet another swarm of arrows at the wyverns that he hadn’t gained the attention of
yet, making sure to garner their enmity in turn. “You go around, killing this way and that,
lashing out like a petulant child,” he noted. “Perhaps it never occurred to you that someone
might get pissed off enough to challenge you in turn, and kill you just as you’ve been killed?
You’ve no small amount of blood soaked on your hands, doppelganger.”
The darkened Servant gaped, then threw her head back howling in laughter. “O-oh my god,
you’re serious,” she gasped out between bursts. “You’re actually serious!” She looked at
Archer with a sadistic glare as more and more wyverns bore down on him. “I don’t give a
damn what you think I am – I’m exacting my damn vengeance. No more, and definitely no
less. They’re all fucking weaklings who only want and need – and discard you when you’re
more useful dead. Among these weaklings, who the hell would get pissed off and strong
enough to go against me, huh?”
“And yet, those hands will never hold anything.”
He chuckled in turn. “Oh, I never said anything about the people here,” he casually added.
The situation was getting extremely dicey for him now. He was completely surrounded by
countless scores of wyverns, the dragon still had its sights on him, and the doppelganger had
her full attention on him in turn thanks to his taunting.
Perfect.
“They may be weaklings who fall at the first sign of weakness, but whenever someone like
you lashes out, there will always be someone to bring you down in turn.” His smile turned
into a wry, knowing grin. “A hero of justice, perhaps.”
“So as I pray,”
The doppelganger’s eyes widened as he finished his aria, but it was too late.
“Unlimited Blade Works!”
A ring of fire burst out from Archer, quickly engulfing all the wyverns, the dragon, and the
doppelganger as they were all blinded by a burst of light. Before long, the light diminished –
and the doppelganger gaped at what she saw.
They were no longer in the town of Lyon. Before them was a barren plain, as far as they
could see. The sky was dark and hazy, with impossibly large gears turning in an
unfathomable distance. But that wasn’t all – all around her were countless swords embedded
in the ground. And these weren’t just normal swords. Even a quick glance told her that each
blade here belonged to some hero or another. A cold sweat broke out on her back as she
quickly figured things out.
This was that damned Archer’s Noble Phantasm: A reality marble. His own inner world and
existence brought out into reality – and he had dragged all of them into it.
The wyverns squawked and roared in confusion as they looked about their new surroundings.
Even the massive dragon looked uncertain. Then it snarled as it locked eyes on Archer. He

was standing on a small hill with that damned smirk still on his face. He held in his hand a
sword. The dragon’s eyes widened as it quickly recognized the blade. It wasn’t as powerful
but there was no way it could ignore the blade’s presence, not when it was the bane of his
own existence.
Archer held in his hands a copy of Balmung.
Calling forth his bow once more, he notched the sword once more, lengthening it until it
turned into an arrow. Above him, more copies of Balmung as well as other dragonslaying
swords like Gram. The wyverns and even the dragon shrunk away, the former shrieking with
instinctual fear. Though unintelligent, they knew that the swords pointed in their direction
were nothing less than tools to end their existences. The doppelganger scowled. They were
playing by this bastard’s rules now – and he held all the cards.
The red-mantled hero loosed the arrow, and Balmung immediately tore a hole through one of
the wyverns. It collapsed on the spot, dead as a doornail. The doppelganger’s eyes only
widened at the sight, then looked back up in trepidation. The wyverns began shrieking louder
in panic as the dragon roared.
As the rain of swords began descending on Archer’s serpentine foes, the dragon reared its
head, its jaws alighting in infernal might, then it breathed out pure destruction.
Thus, the might of a dragon met the countless blades of Archer’s realm.

Chapter End Notes

I really don't think I've been giving Morgana enough of a spotlight - he always seems
welded in with Ren. I need to change that.
Anyway, I've started a discord server. If you guys feel like joining, here's the link:
https://discord.gg/U8bhtPhK
There's other stuff I wanted to ramble and rant about but right now, I can't remember
what they were. Eh, fairly certain it wasn't important. Anyway, if you've read this far,
thank you for supporting me!

Chapter 17: Multiple Fronts
Chapter Summary

Multiple battles rage that push everyone to their limits. As well as unexpected
circumstances...

Chapter Notes

I kinda bounced back and forth on ideas for this one. Thanks to those who joined my
Discord for helping me figure things out! Enjoy the chapter!
Also, one more thing, I'm retconning what Morgana said earlier to Ren - about
suggesting he tell everyone everything. You'll see why in a bit.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Carmilla grit her teeth as she moved about in her spiritual form. It was a capability that all
Servants had in order to render themselves invisible to the regular human eye. The form also
was less energy intensive as well, draining only a fraction of their Master’s prana in
exchange. The catch, of course, was that they couldn’t interact properly with the normal
world as a result. They would simply phase through things, much like actual ghosts. And not
to mention, while most people wouldn’t be able to see them, Servants would be able to detect
them anyway. How easily would depend on the Servants’ capabilities… and the capabilities
of the Servant in their astral form.
And for someone in an Assassin class, her Presence Concealment skill would allow her to
slip past most Servants’ scrutiny without too much of an issue.
She had come along with the doppelganger and her entire force, intent on completely wiping
them off the face of the planet. As they had approached Lyon, the doppelganger had ordered
her to go into her astral form, sneak up on the Masters – the boy and the catlike creature –
and eliminate them. She scowled at those orders. Despite being an Assassin, sneaking about
was not what she did. She was a noblewoman! She was supposed to walk forward, and all
would capitulate and prostrate before her feet for her pleasure – or she would force them to.
But the Madness Enhancement granted by the doppelganger forced her to act, and so she
would.
The plan was simple. The doppelganger would lead a saturation attack, using the huge
number of wyverns as well as the dragon – the legendary Fafnir – to raze Lyon to the ground
as well as separate their enemy. The other Servants would pinpoint each one and eliminate

them in a blitz, swarming and taking them down one after another. Divide and conquer was a
time-honored strategy for a reason, and this approach would satiate the doppelganger’s rage.
Their approach would be covered by the newly summoned Archer in their ranks – the
legendary huntress Atalante.
Seeing the nubile young Servant, a dark smirk had spread across her features. Perhaps after
this was done, she could partake in her blood as well. Her’s and the Saint’s. She missed the
opportunity with Martha, but another saint would do. With all the young female Servants
here, their potent blood would serve to grant her their health, beauty, and youthfulness for a
very long time.
The approach had been going well. Their Archer indeed countered the red-coated Servant’s
arrows, and it seemed none of the other Servants had any ranged capabilities. Then all of
them felt a flash of divine power. For the first time in a long time, she felt that chill down her
spine that came from facing judgement for her sins. That constant fear when she whiled away
her last days in her castle, terrified for her life and her beauty. And the final moments that
came, knowing that the Devil had come to take her at last.
They all looked over at the unignorable power. There was the Saint, flying her flag, and
beside her was the young girl with the shield – another girl she coveted – and finally the boy.
But standing behind them was a figure: A metallic angel, radiating all that holy energy. It felt
as though the gaze of God himself was upon her, and she barely held herself back from
breaking down at the sight, focusing on the Master instead. The boy’s smirk was clear. He
had summoned the angel, unveiling its power to all of them. It was a very deliberate taunt:
That God was on their side, and more importantly, the side of the Saint.
As the doppelganger shrieked in rage and started directing the entire force to obliterate them
first, a sudden hurricane accosted them. Screaming, she held onto the wyvern for dear life as
they were buffeted by the wind. Then explosions rocked around her, one even going off right
beside her, blasting off her wyvern’s wing and sending her tumbling to the ground. Within
moments, the force practically dissolved into a mess of shrieking wyverns barely fluttering
about while others tried to stand before being buried under their peers. The Servants were all
scattered as well and followed their own initiatives, the doppelganger unable to countermand
them as Fafnir was lured away.
Carmilla cursed as she moved through the ruined streets. Her spiritual form kept the rain off
of her, but being forced to move about like a pauper exposed to the elements grated against
the very core of her existence. She was beyond enraged at this point. She would find that
Master, the cat thing, and that red-coated Archer, and she would take her time relishing in
their pain. She would break their bodies, their minds, their spirits, and even when their voices
were spent screaming from agony, despair, and anguish, she would not let them go. No, they
would be her playthings.
She would also find the other women – the Saint, the shield girl, the Queen, and even their
own Archer, and string them up. A thousand slices would suffice to bleed them over a
bathtub, where she would enjoy the most decadent of showers and baths. The blood of such
beautiful female Servants, giving their beauty and vitality to her, the countess who was the
only one worthy of it all. It would all be a fitting recompense and reward for this sheer

indignity of being made to move about like a rat. And if that doppelganger withheld even one
iota from her, then Carmilla would happily string her up and bleed her out too. A false saint
she may be, tainted by anger and hatred, but her beauty matched the Saint’s just the same.
Hearing the sound of conflict nearby, she peered past an alley. The Berserker the
doppelganger summoned was fighting against another Servant – a young, blonde woman
wielding a glowing sword. Her eyes widened. It was a sword that even the most ignorant
Servant would be aware of: Excalibur. She glanced back at the Saber. Undoubtedly a woman.
Petite but a beautiful young woman, nevertheless. Perhaps it was Arthur’s wife, Guinivere…?
But that was impossible. Never in any of her legends did she wield a sword, let alone bear the
skill that could rival that Berserker.
Gulping, her breath caught as she saw one of the Masters: The catlike being. He was keeping
a close eye on the fight. His guard was down from exhaustion and focus. Carmilla took a step
forward… then stopped. No, too risky, she rationalized. The Saber there was far more than
she could handle in open combat. She was a Countess, not a warrior – even she knew she was
a far match from that Saber, especially if her worst fears were true. Not to mention, that
Berserker was extremely unstable. Technically they were allies, but it wouldn’t surprise
Carmilla if he decided to kill her simply because she was in the way. No, going for the cat
Master would only mean her death.
Still, Carmilla stole another glance at the Saber. She was a fine specimen. There were
certainly no shortage of beautiful female Servants here, were there? She added Saber to her
ever-growing mental list of Servants to gather for her own use before moving away. Her
Presence Concealment may be only rank D, but in the chaos of combat combined with the
rain, she was more or less invisible to everyone there. Only if they deliberately were looking
for her would they find her – and all of them were far too busy to do so.
Moving away from the duel between knights, she tracked down other presences within the
town. Doubling back past the still struggling pack of wyverns, she moved to the other side.
Soon, the sound of combat became more prominent. Looking around the corner, her eyes
widened as she sought her quarry. And with no small number of bonuses too.
The shield girl, the Saint, and their own Archer were all fighting one another, moving in
tandem. Fighting alongside them was the boy Master, utilizing a gun and taking surprisingly
accurate shots at the Servant. It wasn’t doing much except annoying her, but even a moment’s
distraction provided yet another opening for the two more defensive Servants to close the
gap, denying her the range that was an Archer class’s greatest strength.
Carmilla had to admit, she didn’t expect such a juicy prize to fall right into her lap. The boy
Master was here and distracted, fighting off another Servant. Three of the female Servants
she wanted to collect were right here. All of them were occupied with each other. It would be
child’s play to ambush them, kill the Master, trap the other two in a pincer attack in
conjunction with the Archer, and perhaps even bag the Archer while she was worn down
from the fight. With those three taken out, the rest should quickly capitulate, both from
numbers and the fact that a Master was gone. A smirk crossed her lips. Oh, this situation was
utterly ideal, wasn’t it?

However, as she began to move in, the boy Master stopped. Carmilla felt a faint flash of
panic across her back before ignoring it. No, impossible. No human, no mage, could have the
instinct to detect her in the heat of combat. And even if they did, they wouldn’t have the
ability to detect her in time anyway. This was a clear victory for her. And only her.
Then the boy whirled about, his eyes flashing a glowing red. An armored angel appeared
behind him, glaring directly at her.
And then everything around her exploded in a flash of light.

----------

Mash and Jeanne charged the blue Archer, who snarled at them before raising her bow.
Firing off two arrows (both of which were blocked by Mash taking the lead and raising her
shield), she nimbly dodged as both Servants were on her. Going low, she swept out the legs
of Jeanne, causing her to collapse on the ground before turning with inhuman speed and
aiming a point-blank arrow at Mash’s head. The shielder’s eyes widened. She raised her
shield but wouldn’t be able to intercept in time –
There was a gunshot and her arm jerked slightly to the side by a small explosion, causing the
arrow to miss – albeit, barely, scratching Mash’s cheek. The blue Archer snarled at the
source: Ren, holding up the pistol with a smirk. Whatever retaliation the Archer had in mind
was quickly interrupted by Mash smashing her shield into her chest, knocking her back
multiple feet, before being forced to dodge Jeanne’s flagpole as it thrust toward her gut.
Despite the madness of the fight, despite it being much bigger than many of the Metaverse
battles he had, this was ultimately his element. Ren, no, Joker was adept at navigating
through chaos and coming out on top. And what was such a battlefield anything more than
just a big ball of it? He was calm as he weighed and analyzed his options and the enemy’s
attack patterns. He might not have Futaba or Makoto here with him, but he learned a thing or
two just observing the two of them work.
The blue Archer’s greatest asset would be distance. Unlike their own Archer, she was heavily
disadvantaged by close-range combat. To compensate for that, however, she had remarkable
speed and agility. Even with both Jeanne and Mash bearing down on her, she dodged their
attacks with grace and ease, swiftly countering with either swift kicks or point-blank arrow
shots. She was a master Archer, without a doubt.
But then, that was where he came in.
He raised his pistol once more. It was difficult to take a shot here, with the three Servants
constantly weaving between each other, their positions switching rapidly. Even a master
marksman would have a hard time of pulling off a good shot without missing – or worse,
hitting his own allies. If he had his Metaverse abilities, he’d be able to take the shot without
much difficulty, but no chance here. He needed another advantage.

Taking a deep breath, he allowed his vision to focus. Everything around him dimmed – or
rather, everything that was irrelevant to the situation at hand dimmed. In contrast, the
Servants glowed brightly to his eyes. Not only that, but their movements were easier to
follow and track. The Archer’s speed was still prodigious, but at least it was at the level he
could track and predict her movements now. At the very least, it was only a touch harder than
the top difficulties of Gun About.
“Don’t just track and aim or you’re always going to be a split second too slow. Once you
figure out their movements, aim where they’re going to be. Once you do that, you fill ‘em with
lead!”
Ren had to smile. He wondered what Shinya would say if he knew he was about to shoot
down figures from myth and legend. The boy would be over the moon, if he ever believed
him. And he also knew that if he missed these shots, he would never hear the end of it.
Shinya might’ve been his junior by a good five or six years, but his harsh teachings was
easily comparable to that of a drill sergeant’s. He might’ve mellowed out ever since the
Thieves took his mother’s heart but he was still unforgiving regardless.
Aiming carefully, he pulled the trigger – and was rewarded with the bullets landing right on
the Archer’s leg. He only used the regular bullets this time as opposed to the special ones that
Da Vinci provided. Ren still needed the element of surprise. Despite them not being broken
by prana, they were still fast-moving metallic projectiles. While normally bullets were
absolutely no threat to Servants, that didn’t count quite as much if they were heavily
distracted fighting two others at once.
The Archer’s eyes widened in shock as he landed the shot, preparing for the pain, only to find
there wasn’t. Confusion caused her to hesitate for a split second - for Jeanne to close the
distance. She clumsily deflected the Saint’s flag with her bow before Mash’s shield slammed
into her gut from the side, sending her flying yet again, crashing into a wall. Ren smirked
before clicking his pistol into utilizing the prana-broken bullets once more. He was quite
ready for the next round.
Suddenly, he felt a prickle from the back of his neck. Instincts well-honed from his previous
adventures that indicated very clearly one thing: Someone was nearby. He whirled about, still
utilizing his Third Eye, and saw her. She was blurry, but nevertheless, he could see her
outline. And the red aura that glowed about her… no doubt about it. An enemy Servant. He
switched to another Persona in his mind and tore off his mask once more.
“Archangel!”
At his call, the armored angel burst forth in a flash of blue flames. Pointing with its sword, a
beam of light blazed where the invisible Servant stood and was rewarded with a cry of pain
as the Servant stumbled back. Now visible to all, Ren could see it was the Assassin Servant
from earlier: The scantily clad woman who was obsessed with blood. Though she wore her
own mask (uncomfortably reminiscent of a Phantom Thief’s mask), he could feel the sheer
hatred and wrath burning through her gaze.
“Didn’t think I’d see you again!” he called out cordially, flashing a smirk in her direction. “I
don’t have a problem with older woman, but crones like you really aren’t my type. Sorry

about that.”
The Assassin’s entire body tensed, and Ren could swear her eyes were bulging out of their
sockets beneath their mask. “You impertinent, arrogant, uncouth WORM,” she snarled. With
a wave of her scepter, a fountain of blood gushed up, racing towards the small group, forcing
them all to dodge. Only Ren’s finely honed instincts allowed him to dodge in time with the
other Servants, though it was a close thing. He smiled grimly to himself. He really needed to
learn to keep his trap shut at this rate.
Then there was an explosion – the Archer they had just beat down burst out of the rubble,
looking worse for wear but all the more feral for it. With a wild shriek, she let loose a
withering bombardment of arrows. Mash rapidly moved to block the arrows from striking
Ren as Jeanne raced over to take cover with him as well. Unfortunately, pinned down as they
were, that left Carmilla free to do as she pleased. Another scepter wave and an iron maiden
appeared in front of her. It began rapidly sliding towards them, opening up to reveal rows and
rows of spikes, seeking to engulf and skewer them.
Scowling, Ren rapidly switched out for another Persona in his mind.
“Jack Frost!”
A snowman-like being appeared. Only waist high, it wore a blue jester’s cap with a simple
smile on its face. With a cry of “Hee ho!”, it pointed to the iron maiden. Ice burst out from
underneath, helped by the wet tiles underneath, rooting it in place. The metal from the torture
device groaned and screeched as it tried to move forward, the ice gradually cracking.
However, it bought them a few seconds of time, which made all the difference.
With a cry, Mash charged forward with her shield up, undaunted by the hail of arrows. The
Archer nimbly dodged aside again – and right into a puddle of ice. Ren had summoned Jack
Frost once more and caused ice to grow around her feet, trapping her. Meanwhile, Jeanne,
now freed up from the suppressive fire, moved between Ren and the iron maiden as it finally
broke the ice and shot forward. With a scowl, she swung her flag with all her might, the staff
colliding with the iron maiden and sending it careening to the side. Carmilla could only give
a frustrated scream in response.
For the Archer, however, things had taken a turn for the worst. With her foot arrested by the
ice, the momentum from the dodge caused her to trip up, sending her to her knees. Before she
could recover, she received a savage blow from Mash to the head, knocking her straight into
the ground. Dazed, the Archer could only scowl up at the shielder as she raised her shield
once more and smashed her head in. All that remained of her in the end was golden dust that
rapidly dissipated into the air.
“Servant eliminated, Master!” Mash called out.
Ren nodded. “Good work, Mash!” He turned back to the Assassin Servant, who while
enraged could clearly see she was at a disadvantage Her ally was dead, dealt with by that
shield girl. The three were weary from that fight, but that boy Master was still staring at her
with his glowing red eyes. That boy. That damned boy! No matter what any of them did, he

always seemed to pull out some new trick or tactic with that magecraft of his! A power that
could harm, entrap, and fool Servants, and who knows what else?!
No. She wouldn’t fight a battle she had no chance of winning, not with so many uncertain
variables. “You lucked out this time, boy,” she snarled at Ren. “But I will kill you and bleed
you like a stuck pig next time. Your impertinence will be the death of you.”
“Yeah, heard that before,” he remarked as the Assassin faded away into spiritual form. He
didn’t lower his guard until he saw her rapidly leave before finally relaxing, releasing his
Third Eye. Both Mash and Jeanne looked at him owlishly.
“Um, senpai?” Mash began. “What, um, exactly were those eyes?” She pointed to her own
eyes for emphasis.
The Master blinked in response. “What about my eyes?” he asked, confused.
Jeanne cleared her throat. “Your eyes were red and glowing,” she explained. “And you were
able to track a Servant’s movements, even when they were in spiritual form. Those aren’t
abilities a normal human would have.” She wanted to add that it only lent further credence he
was some subject of the Devil or a demon himself, but she held her tongue. Saying such a
thing would breed pointless hostilities which they couldn’t afford. And she knew that he
fought on the side of good, regardless of what his abilities appeared to be.
Ren blinked several times, then he sighed. “They’re a special thing I got a while ago,” he
explained. He kept it as vague as possible. There was no way in hell he was telling them
about Igor and the Velvet Room. “I’m just happy I can still use it. Anyway, it seems like
we’re done here. We need to rendezvous back to the gate.”
Mash and Jeanne hesitated, then nodded. Whatever questions they had could wait. They still
had a plan they needed to follow. At the very least, one Servant had been eliminated and the
other driven off for now. As they started to move, Ren tripped and fell on his knees. He
gritted his teeth as the pain shot through his legs. The adrenaline was passing and the
exhaustion and heat from utilizing his circuits was catching up to him. It wasn’t as bad as
when he used the Cu Chulainn persona, but it was taking its toll on him.
“Master!” He looked up to see Mash and Jeanne, their faces etched with concern.
He smiled wearily, staggering back up. “It’s fine – I just used my circuits a lot today,” he
explained. “We don’t have time to rest.”
Jeanne frowned. “No, we certainly do not,” she murmured. Before any of them could react,
Jeanne grabbed hold of Ren and put him in a princess carry. “Permit me my rudeness this
once, Ren Amamiya,” she explained. “As you say, time is of the essence and you need to
recover what energy you can. Please, consider this part of my penance for doubting you
earlier.”
Both Mash and Ren gaped, albeit for entirely different reasons. Mash was shocked that
Jeanne would be so… forward in that regard and inwardly seethed for reasons she wasn’t

entirely certain why. She could only regret that she didn’t think of such a method sooner to
help her Master – though she mentally filed it away in her mind for use later on.
Ren was more shocked at how easily he was picked up and held, and how helpless he felt. It
brought up… deeply unpleasant memories. However, he shoved them all down. Instead, he
once more donned his ever-confident smile. “Thanks, Jeanne,” he said gratefully. “Let’s get a
move on.”
Before they took more than a couple steps, however, a burst of light appeared, blinding them.
Ren could only squint as a giant ball of light took shape further down the town. His
communicator watch pinged. Holding it up, the hologram of Roman appeared.
“Finally, I got through!” he cried. “It’s Archer! He dragged in the wyverns, the dragon, and
the doppelganger into his Noble Phantasm! He has a Reality Marble!”
Mash and Jeanne faltered. “A Reality Marble?!” Jeanne exclaimed.
Ren looked in askance at the doctor, who quickly figured out what his question was.
“Layman’s terms, a Reality Marble is a forbidden magecraft that manifests your inner reality
into the world,” Roman quickly explained. “No one can get in or out without the mage’s
permission! Bottom line, Archer’s stuck by himself in there, fighting an army of wyverns, the
dragon, AND the doppelganger!”
Everyone’s eyes widened. They all knew of Archer’s capabilities, but there was no way in
hell anyone could fight off such a force by themselves! Mash looked over at Ren. “Your
orders, Master?” she asked.
The Master scowled – a rather hilarious image being carried in Jeanne’s arms if it wasn’t so
serious. “Unchanged,” he stated. “We can’t get in there so we’ll have to believe in Archer for
now. We’re headed to the gate. Let’s go!”
Both women nodded, and once more they made their way to the gate. They were on guard for
any other Servants but as their footsteps splattered against puddles and wet cobblestone, they
weren’t harangued by anyone else – zombies, wyverns, or Servants. Thus, they made their
way back to the gates without any issue. To their surprise, they saw Saber and Morgana
showing up at the same time.
The Phantom Thieves were prepared to be mocked by one another – Morgana being carried
by Saber, Ren carried by Jeanne – but seeing each other’s predicament, they could only
ruefully smile. Their respective Servants gently lowered them to the ground. Their legs were
unsteady but at least were able to hold their weight. “You look like you’ve been through a
wringer, Mona,” Ren remarked with an unsteady grin.
Morgana matched it, glancing wearily up at his friend. “Psh, it’s me we’re talking about – it
was nothing,” he joked. “But as always, you always seem to slip up when I’m not around,
Joker.”
Ren just chuckled. It almost felt like everything was the same as before. However, Morgana’s
expression soon turned grave. “Hey Joker, you can feel it too, can’t you?” he asked, glancing

at the glowing ball of light. The leader of the Phantom Thieves nodded as he looked over as
well. After all, it was a feeling that they knew all too well. One didn’t forget the feeling of a
Palace, after all. Why did Archer of all people have one?
Then he considered the various figures he studied back in social studies. Off the top of his
head, he knew that some of the most infamous figures in Japan like Oda Nobunaga, Toytomi
Hideyoshi, and Tokugawa Ieyasu, most likely would have Palaces, given their ambition and
power. Was world history dependent on people who had distorted desires? He never thought
about it until now, but the realization was like a bucket of cold water dumped on his head.
Morgana rubbed his head in frustration. “Damnit, a Palace right in front of us and we can’t
even get in!” he growled in frustration. Ren had to agree. Aside from the fact that they didn’t
have the Metaverse app, they didn’t know the name of Archer or his distortion.
Or did he…?
He remembered the dream of Archer. Of a field of countless swords embedded in his back.
He saw much and felt much as well. Information that seemed to trickle into his mind and lay
dormant until he was willing to call it to the forefront of thought. Focusing on that, the name
of Archer sprang into his mind. “Shirou Emiya…” he quietly murmured.
“Candidate found.”
All five froze at the voice that issued from Ren’s pocket. Ren and Morgana slowly turned to
each other, clear shock and horror on their faces. They knew that cool, female voice all too
well. He shakily reached into his pocket and took out his cell phone. Though it was now
useless, he brought it with him anyway as a habit. It had been turned on by itself, and staring
at the screen, he could see the red eye of the app staring back at him.
The Metaverse app.
Tapping the app, the search bar appeared. The name ‘Shirou Emiya’ had been filled out in the
search bar. They just needed the distortion and the location.
“U-um, s-senpai?” Mash asked, nervously, looking over at the app. “Wh-what are you doing?
Y-you know ph-phones don’t w-work here, r-right?” She was dumbfounded by what she saw.
She had seen a bit of modern technology before, but it was clear that things were different. It
was just the only thing she could say to the whole situation, no matter how dumb it sounded.
Jeanne meanwhile just glanced back and forth at everyone, especially Ren and Morgana,
even more lost than before. This was beyond her ken. Saber kept impassive as well, keeping
a watch out on their surroundings.
Ren took a deep breath. There was no time to explain. Not right now, anyway. This would be
extremely difficult to explain to everyone. If he used the app here, then he would be giving
away a great number of his secrets - especially to mages who would exploit this to no end if
they knew what was going on. However, humanity and the world was at stake. Ren knew he
couldn't afford to be picky at this point.

He dredged up more memories of his Servant from that dream. A barren plain filled with
countless swords. A world of unlimited blades… Yes. That was the name. “Unlimited Blade
Works.” The app beeped.
“Candidate found.”
They had the distortion. All they needed was the location. Morgana was silent, still trying to
process what was going on and waiting with bated breath, as was the other three. Ren
would’ve ignored them anyway.
He remembered Archer interrogating him in the kitchen on whether he was seeking to be a
hero or not. The questions were pointed, like he was speaking from personal experience.
Archer wanted to be a hero, didn’t he? He wanted to be one to save people, no matter where
or when. Coupled with those dreams, it became clear to him where he saw the distortion.
“The world.” The app beeped in confirmation.
“Keyword Accepted. Beginning Navigation.”
“S-Senpai?!” Mash cried out fearfully as the world began distorting around them. Jeanne and
Saber could only look about in shock as well. Ren and Morgana didn’t say anything, only
gritted their teeth as they felt the familiar dizzying sensation that came from entering the
Metaverse. However, despite the dangers and everything else going on, both Ren and
Morgana had to grin.
This was their home turf.

----------

Archer panted as he looked through one eye. The other eye was forced shut from bleeding a
bit further up his head. His left arm and a good portion of his left side was heavily burned
from dragon fire, to say nothing of the numerous injuries he accumulated. He was certain at
least three of his ribs were also broken, making it painful to breathe. He was running out of
prana. He didn’t know how much longer he could maintain Unlimited Blade Works.
Before him, the dragon – Fafnir – was covered from head to toe in countless slashes and
holes. Each of them oozed blood, dripping out in great quantities. All around him were
countless wyverns, all skewered or blasted by various dragonslaying swords. The
doppelganger, while in better condition than her mount, wasn’t looking in top shape either,
her armor dented and one slash on the side of her neck indicating just how close she came to
death herself.
Despite her wounds and Fafnir’s condition, she let out a low chuckle. “Well, didn’t think
some Archer could give me this much trouble,” she growled. “But you’ve gone as far as you
can, haven’t you? You’re almost out of prana. I’ll admit, you fought pretty well, much better
than most of the fucks around here. But it’s over for you. Fafnir, get rid of him.”

Fafnir once more reared up, flames gathering into its maw. Archer scowled. He already broke
out Rho Aias to block the dragonfire once, and while it did block the flames, it cost him a
great deal of prana to create. Not to mention, it broke two of the seven petals of the shield,
the damage in turn being reflected onto him thanks to its special properties. He didn’t have
nearly enough speed to dodge aside, nor would he be able to summon another Balmung to
counter him.
As the dragon blasted its fire once more, Archer closed his eyes. Guess this was the end of
the line for him.

“Lord Chaldeas!”

“Luminosité Eternelle!”

His eyes flashed open as he saw Mash and Jeanne move in front of him, the former’s shield
glowing and forming the barrier in front while Jeanne held her banner aloft, golden rays of
sunlight shining down on them as Heaven itself blessed the Saint and her allies. The flames
flowed around them, scorching the dead land as the two women held firm against the might
of a dragon. The smoke was noxious and almost blinding with the heat almost unbearable but
regardless, neither of them yielded. Before long, the flames abated, leaving three weary but
very much alive Servants.
The doppelganger. “What the – how the hell –“ she spluttered. However, she was soon
interrupted by a blue blur diving in and slashing at Fafnir's damaged leg, causing it to roar in
pain. The doppelganger looked and gaped as she saw the Saber Servant from earlier back
away as Fafnir retaliated by lashing out with its bleeding claw. Unbeknownst to her, a
grappling hook secured itself onto Fafnir’s wing behind her, allowing a dark figure to fly up,
dagger in hand. A whistle of air was the doppelganger’s only warning as she turned in time to
receive a slash from a knife across her torso, knocking her to the ground.
Scowling, she looked up. In front of her now was the catlike Master, grinning down at her
with a cutlass in hand. But what truly caught her eye was the boy Master. He was now
dressed in a black longcoat with a suit. On his face was a white mask, and his smirk
expressed only boundless confidence as he pulled on his red gloves to tighten them around
his fingers. His sharp grey eyes, flashing red momentarily, sent shivers down her spine. The
feeling she got from them was far different than when she had encountered them outside the
Reality Marble.
In front of her stood the Phantom Thieves of Hearts.

Chapter End Notes

Hehehehehehehehehe.
Anyways, here's the Discord link again if anyone feels like joining.
https://discord.gg/BpNCMXpE

Chapter 18: Dragonslayer
Chapter Summary

Routing doppelgangers and finding lost knights - another day for a Phantom Thief.

Chapter Notes

Once more, not my best work but it's something. Enjoy.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The Alter had seen many things since she came back to exact vengeance. She had seen the
Holy Grail provide Servants to enact her will, create wyverns to devastate her former country.
She had watched her Gilles de Rais call forth monstrosities from his spellbook, filled with
black magic. Under her purview, she had serial killers, executioners, spies, disgraced knights,
even a saint, under her beck and call. They all reflected her anger, her hatred, and her flames,
as they torched and slaughtered all they come across.
Yet the ones who stood in front of her defied her expectations at every turn. The boy Master
in particular. He commanded a small corps of Servants that by all rights should’ve been
overwhelmed and defeated, yet slowly and steadily have been making headway against her.
The power of both demons and angels were at his command, constantly taunting her as their
sheer presence consistently drew everyone’s attention, which he exploited mercilessly each
time.
And now, here they were, emanating a power that she had not felt before, yet it sent chills
down her spine. But no, that couldn’t be possible. These two were just regular mortals. There
was no way in hell they could ever stand up to Servants. She may have been a bit worse for
wear thanks to that damn Archer, but even running on fumes she could easily kill two mortals
without any issue whatsoever. The flames of hatred burned within her chest as she stood up,
eyes full of murder and bloodlust.
“I don’t know what the hell you did to get in here, nor do I know what’s with the wardrobe
change,” she spat. “And I don’t care. You’ve got some goddamn nerve facing a Servant.” She
drew her sword – La Pucelle – and pointed at the two. The Saber was busy with Fafnir and
her weaker self as well as the shield girl were back with Archer. The only ones facing her
were the Masters. “No one’s coming to save you. If you beg for mercy, I’ll at least make it
quick – though like hell I’ll make it painless.”

The catlike being smirked. “Sorry, ya cheap knock-off. We’re not the type to beg for stuff.
We steal!” Her eyes blazed at the insult but before she could retort, the being charged
forward, wielding a cutlass. It was definitely far faster than just a regular mortal. She barely
raised her sword just in time, expecting minimal impact. After all, no mortal could ever
match even the weakest Servant in terms of strength…
That thought lasted for only a second before nearly getting her sword smacked out of her
hand. Eyes widening in surprise, she jumped back to gain distance, narrowly dodging a
follow-up slash. Skidding to a halt, she could only stare in shock at the catlike being, who
gave a cocky grin. That strength and speed… no mortal being could move like that or hit that
hard! Perhaps a Dead Apostle, but these two didn’t qualify in the slightest and they retained
their intelligence.
Whatever they were, their abilities were a match for a Servant’s!
“Heh, you’re not as strong as I thought,” Morgana commented. He could feel the everfamiliar thrum of his Metaverse power here. He wouldn’t need to hold back for fear of
destroying himself with his magic circuits. “Come forth, my other self!” he called out,
glowing.
“Diego!”
With a flash of blue flame, Morgana’s Persona appeared once more. It resembled Zorro, but
with a good number of key differences: As opposed to the black suit Zorro wore, Diego had
on a button up shirt, adorned with a blue rose in the breast pocket, with jeans and loafers. The
sleeves were rolled up showing tattoos on his blue skin, with the top buttons undone to reveal
a muscular chest. A jacket was wrapped around his shoulders, flowing behind him like a
cape. While still masked, Diego’s head was uncovered, leaving his long blue hair, tied in a
ponytail, free. The Persona didn’t have Zorro’s ever-present grin, but nevertheless had a
smooth smile that radiated confidence.
But the change in Personas wasn’t merely in appearances. The Alter could feel it. Whatever
power this cat had before, it utterly paled in comparison to what she felt now.
Instead of attacking, however, Morgana turned to Archer while Joker darted forward at the
doppelganger, knife in hand. Diego traced a pattern in the air, and suddenly Archer was lit up
with a green light as a cool spring breeze blew around him. His injuries rapidly healed and
closed themselves up, letting him stand easily once more. The normally snarky Servant could
only look on in shock as Morgana grinned. “You’re welcome!” he called out cheekily before
facing the doppelganger once more.
Meanwhile, the doppelganger gritted her teeth as she barely managed to block or parry each
knife blow from the Master. If Morgana was fast, this Master was on another level entirely.
His attacks and moves had a lot of unnecessary flash to them, but somehow they seemed to
flow easily into one another. It didn’t matter what she did – if she tried to counterattack and
pressure him, he would slip into her flanks and retaliate. If she tried to back off, his knife
turned into a gun and fired with frightening accuracy. Despite her armor, the bullets pierced
through and hit their marks in her leg and stomach, making each movement increasingly
painful.

With a wild cry, she slashed at the Master, but again, he simply backflipped away and dodged
it without an issue. What the hell was this guy? An Assassin class Servant in disguise or
something? That damn smirk he had really grated on her nerves at this point. And those damn
eyes. He wasn’t regarding her seriously or even as an opponent. They were sharp,
calculating, and cunning despite everything. It wasn’t that he was taking her as a joke.
He saw her as nothing but prey.
Joker couldn’t help but feel beyond elated. He had almost forgotten how it felt to be a
Phantom Thief, with everything that had been happening lately. His body felt lighter and
stronger. The sensation of his long coat, his gloves, and especially his mask felt like old
companions. Like this, he felt like he could take on the world – and he had, multiple times,
and multiple gods too. With all that in mind, how could he not grin? Plus, he felt that everfamiliar power that came from being a Wild Card. He didn’t need to use his magic circuits
here. He could truly cut loose. His hand went to his face. His mask burned off, revealing
glowing yellow eyes and a borderline malevolent grin.
“Satan!”
The blue monstrosity once more appeared in a flash of flame. The doppelganger’s eyes
widened as she beheld the creature again. She could feel its power, and there was no doubt: it
was like staring into the condemning eyes of the Devil himself, about to cast her down into
the deepest pits of Hell. For all her boasting and blaspheming, she couldn’t suppress the
shivers down her spine. This wasn’t like before, where it only appeared quickly and was gone
in a flash. No, this time she would be judged and cast down without mercy.
So distracted she was that she failed to notice the ice pillars that burst out of the ground. With
a cry she leaped away but far too late – her arms were caught in the ice, as well as one of her
legs. She was trapped. She could only look up fearfully at the Master – no, the decider of her
fate. The Devil faded away, but the impression remained. And currently, she felt far more
frightened of the utter monster still smirking at her.
“Sorry,” he called out sardonically. “Wish we had more time to play around, but I need to
finish things off here.” His hand once more went to his face as he called forth a very
particular persona this time.
“Cu Chulain!”
With a burst of blue flame came forth the armored warrior. The doppelganger’s mouth
dropped. It didn’t have the presence of either that angel or the Devil, but this being’s presence
felt far more intimately familiar. It also felt far more solid as well, unlike the more ethereal
presences of the beings the Master had summoned earlier. And the feeling she had from the
blood-red spear the warrior wielded only cemented it.
Angels, demons, and now this Master could create Servants?! What kind of abomination was
he?!
Joker smirked, knowledge of his persona’s capabilities quickly filling his mind. While he
could’ve finished things off with Satan, he wanted to pull out Cu Chulainn to test how taxing

he was in the Metaverse. To his surprise and delight, he was only a bit harder to maintain
than his other personas here. It was certainly far less tiring than when he tried to summon him
in the real world while using his magic circuits. It seemed in the Metaverse, he was indeed far
stronger than just a regular person. And there was one particular move he hadn’t seen for his
persona before, though he instinctively knew what it did. Another test was in order.
The persona crouched low, its red spear radiating cursed energy, filling the air with power. On
its normally stoic expression was a feral grin – one that anyone with a passing familiarity
with the Servant would recognize. The doppelganger’s eyes widened as she struggled harder
to break free from the ice. It cracked, giving her purchase, but not nearly fast enough. The
power from that spear was unmistakable. It was a damned Noble Phantasm, and it was
coming straight for her!

“GAE-!”

Before he could finish declaring the attack, there was a bright flash of light all around them.
When it faded away, the barren land filled with swords was gone. They were back in the city
of Lyon, with the rain pouring down on them once more. Ren blinked in surprise and looked
at himself. His Phantom Thief attire had vanished as well. His body felt more normal:
Heavier, stiffer. His capabilities were that of a normal human again. Then his eyes darted
back up at the doppelganger.
The doppelganger, no longer trapped in ice, held a hand to her chest, heaving ragged breaths.
Though the Noble Phantasm didn’t go off, she almost felt it: the cursed spear moving in a
crooked red flash. It wouldn’t matter what she did – it striking her and gouging out her heart
was merely a fact that the spear fulfilled. A split second more and that would’ve come to
pass. She glared at the Master, her eyes filled with utter, murderous rage. “You goddamn
abomination,” she spat out. Her prana began flaring up as she dredged what remained of her
reserves. This brat would burn.
Suddenly, an arrow flew past Ren towards the doppelganger. She swatted it barely swatted it
away – giving enough time for Jeanne and Mash to close the distance and put themselves
between Ren and her. She glared at the red-mantled Archer who held his bow before turning
her glare to the three in front of her. In the distance, she could hear sounds of destruction as
Fafnir and the Saber continued to fight. She calculated her odds. Most of her Servants have
been routed. The two in the castle most likely wouldn’t come to her aid. The Archer was out
of prana but her weaker self and the shielder were ready to fight. The abomination of a
Master looked unsteady on his feet but his grey eyes kept unerring focus. The catlike being
Master was here too.
“Tch. This isn’t over,” she growled. “I’ll hunt down every last one of you. Especially you.”
She pointed at Ren. Her threat delivered, she dissolved into golden particles as she vanished
into spiritual form.

Before Jeanne or Mash could move to pursue her, Ren collapsed on his knee, Morgana also
falling back on his rear. “Senpai!” Mash cried out, rushing over to his side. Jeanne in turn ran
over to Morgana. “Are you hurt? What happened, senpai?” she asked concernedly, checking
him over for wounds. In the distance, Fafnir roared before giving a mighty flap of its wings,
lifting into the air and taking off. It was marked with wounds everywhere, some rather
severe, and with the doppelganger leaving, it was cutting its losses.
Ren chuckled weakly. “It’s nothing, Mash,” he reassured her. “Just… kinda forgot how doing
that takes a lot out of you.” The fatigue was deep in his bones and muscles. It was normal –
entering and moving about in the Metaverse was taxing on one’s body. Every time his friends
and him exited a Palace or Mementos, it felt like they had run a marathon. What he wouldn’t
give for a massage from Rider right now. Taking a deep breath, he stood back up before
looking back. “Archer, are you alright?”
Archer glanced over at him with an inscrutable expression and nodded. “I’m fine, thanks to
you, Master,” he replied evenly. “Apologies for not keeping my Noble Phantasm up –
unfortunately, I’ve run out of prana. Fighting off wyverns, a Jeanne d’Arc doppelganger, and
the legendary dragon Fafnir is a challenging task even for a legendary Servant let alone a
mediocre one such as me.” It was an automatic response. His mind was too busy figuring
things out. Reality Marbles couldn’t be breached from the outside. They could be destroyed,
perhaps, but no Servant here had an anti-world Noble Phantasm.
So how did they get in? He had watched both of his Masters fight with the acuity and
capability of lower ranked Servants. And that magecraft – if he could even call it that at this
point – became supremely more powerful, with Morgana restoring him to full health while
Ren bore down on the doppelganger with Satan once again, then summoned the armored
spearman who Archer could somehow easily mistake for Cu Chulainn despite looking
nothing alike aside from the spear. And the burst of prana… whatever Ren had summoned, it
could use a Noble Phantasm, and he could summon such a familiar so easily.
Just what in the hell were his Masters? And why were both him and Morgana giving him
strange looks?
Before anyone could say anything more, Ren’s communicator beeped once more. Looking in
surprise, Ren tapped it as a hologram of Roman sprang up. “There you are!” he exclaimed,
eyes wide and hair frazzled in clear panic. “What the hell happened over there?! We lost your
signal entirely for a bit and only regained it after Archer’s Noble Phantasm vanished! Did…
did you go inside a reality marble?! That-that shouldn’t be possible! Ren, what the hell did
you do? What’s going on?!”
Ren opened his mouth when a sudden explosion burst from the castle, drawing everyone’s
attention. “Sorry, Roman, I’ll explain later,” he hurriedly answered. Before the doctor could
say anything else, he shut off the communication. A story like that wasn’t something he could
explain in such a short time period. That being said, their secret was out and Ren knew there
would be a reckoning. He wondered just how much of his secrets he could keep in the end.
But then, if they were all dead, then that wouldn’t matter as much, would it?
Morgana quickly got back up as Jeanne and Mash nodded. Whatever questions everyone had
would be put aside for now. They had other allies that possibly needed backup. All of them

raced to the castle. Saber burst from an alleyway to join them, also giving them a quick nod
of affirmation as she ran alongside them. Ren would normally send the others ahead of him to
back them up, but given the sheer hatred of the doppelganger at this point, it was better not to
take any chances.

----------

Mash had both seen a lot and very little in her life. Her entire life had been defined by
Chaldea. She was born raised, studied, and trained here. It was one of the most advanced
centers on Earth, with breathtaking archives of knowledge that encompassed fields from
history to biology to technology to economics. There was also no small amount of different
forms of entertainment as well for the benefit of the staff, something Roman had went out of
his way to show her even though it was strictly against protocol. In a sense, she had been
lucky and had a wide breadth of knowledge to work with.
However, ever since the Grand Order began, everything she knew had been turned upside
down. She knew well of magic and magecraft so Servants weren’t anything new to her – after
all, she herself was a demi-Servant after countless designer babies failed to become one.
Going to different points in time to save humanity was much greater but still within her scope
of comprehension. She expected to protect and work with her Master, maybe even learn from
them as they directed her and whatever Servants they fielded.
Ren and Morgana had changed everything.
Within the first Singularity, they pulled out unknown magecraft that could compete with
Servants – already an impossibility. They both had battlefield experience, easily staying calm
and giving directions no matter the situation. Ren himself did… SOMETHING that
apparently saved their director, even if they couldn’t contact or have any sort of access to her.
And of course, Ren’s eyes themselves could somehow track Servants even when hidden. She
thought she had seen everything.
Until some odd app appeared on Ren’s phone and dragged all of them into Archer’s reality
marble. And when they did, Ren ended up in a different outfit – a sharp style that she had
only read about in her books before. Then she remembered the name of the familiar Ren
called the most often – Arsene – and it clicked for her. A Phantom Thief.
Before she could ask any questions, her two Masters darted away with inhuman speed, Saber
quickly following behind after a split second’s hesitation. The dragon’s flames quickly caught
her attention. She raced over to Archer with Jeanne by her side, accessing her power and
utilizing her Noble Phantasm once more. They blocked the flames, leaving her a lot more
drained than she expected, but forgot all her exhaustion as she witnessed her two Masters
fight and quickly corner the doppelganger.
Ren and Morgana weren’t demi-Servants. They were supposed to be regular people (well,
Morgana was certainly not ‘regular’ but that didn’t matter), yet they could fight a Servant on

even ground – and were even winning too. She shivered with abject fear when Satan was
once again summoned and felt the presence of the Servant when the armored warrior
appeared, almost like Lancer himself was in front of her. And it nearly used a Noble
Phantasm of its own.
And now, she was running alongside them, keeping an eye out for any threats as they made
their way towards the castle, where Marie and Mozart were. She tried to push aside all her
questions, focusing on the task at hand, but it was difficult. Ren and Morgana had been
pulling off impossibility after impossibility. The doppelganger had called Ren an
abomination, and while Mash certainly didn’t agree with that title, even she was uncertain
whether Ren was fully human or not. It had been constantly reinforced to her that people
from the modern era couldn’t become Servants – or at least, not as easily. And even if they
could, they would be far weaker than most others that had age and mystery granting them
more power.
They raced through the broken hallways of the castle. Older ruins gave way to fresh debris
and damage, marking the trail of the Servants’ battle. Mash grit her teeth and gripped her
shield tighter, ready to move in a moment’s notice. Any questions she had right now weren’t
relevant. Her Masters may be capable of many things, but they still relied on her to watch
their backs. She would not break that trust.
Turning a corner, they expected a fight… and were greeted by a different sight. The area
around them was blasted into nothing, exposing the area to the elements as rain fell in
uninterrupted. Marie and Mozart were kneeling next to a man sitting against a wall, their
faces etched with concern. The man was large and muscular, with a long mane of silver hair
and green eyes. He was surprisingly lightly armored, with only pauldrons, bracers, and
greaves. His entire front was exposed, revealing a glowing green tattoo etched on his chest.
Though just from sight he cut a powerful figure, he was covered in countless wounds and
injuries, blood seeping through his clothes.
Marie glanced up at the approaching footsteps, instinctively throwing an arm in front of the
exhausted man before she saw who it was. A few surprised blinks gave way to her usual
radiant smile once more. “Ah, bonjour!” she chirped out happily. “It is good to see you all
hale and whole!” Her smile widened ash she clapped her hands together. “You all must be
extraordinarily capable! Fighting off five Servants as well as a horde of wyverns and a
legendary dragon! You must be heroes beyond measure in life!”
Saber shook her head. “Thank you for the praise, but the success is not all ours,” she
explained. “I recognized one of them. Sir Lancelot of the Round Table. Had it not been for
my Master’s… magecraft-“ the King of Knights glanced over at Morgana at that word. “I
doubt I would’ve come out of our duel unscathed. Archer dealt with the bulk of the enemy
forces, and our Masters provided key support. If people are to be thanked, it is them. But
what of you? We saw the explosion from outside and were come to reinforce you.”
The Rider Servant’s mouth fell open a bit in surprise. Even when she was human she knew
the tales of Arthurian legend. Sir Lancelot was considered a knight without peer in martial
skill. The fact that Saber came out of that fight without any problems spoke both her powers

and Morgana’s assistance. And their Archer had dealt with the bulk of enemy forces…? She
has so many questions she had to ask, but instead settled for answering Saber’s.
“Oui, we did have to fight with two Servants – Charles Henri Sanson and the Phantom of the
Opera,” she replied. “It was most troublesome until our brave knight came through and aided
us. His Noble Phantasm managed to take care of the Phantom, though Sanson escaped.” The
Servants frowned, to the confusion of Ren and Morgana. They knew of Sanson’s origins. It
was remarkable that Marie was taking this so well all things considered. A coughing fit from
the knight caught their attention.
“So you are the ones who fought off the Dragon Witch’s forces?” he rasped out, doing his
best to smile – which came off as a grimace – as he attempted to stand, hand on the wall for
support. Mozart immediately moved his arm over his shoulders to help lift the man up. “I
thank you. My apologies I couldn’t offer my support. I’m currently not in the best condition
right now.”
Morgana huffed. “Well, we’ll take care of that. Zorro!” His usual persona appeared once
more and traced a pattern with his rapier, causing a green light to glow around the armored
man as a fresh breeze blew through. The light faded and… nothing. The man was still
gravely injured. Morgana scowled. “Seriously?!” he demanded, his tone frustrated. Why does
his healing always fail at the worst times possible?!
The man chuckled weakly. “My apologies again,” he murmured. “But these wounds are
unfortunately cursed. They won’t heal with simple healing magecraft or prana. They will
need to be exorcised first with a Baptism Rite. I believe Saints should be able to do so.”
Everyone immediately looked at Jeanne, who frowned sadly and shook her head. “My
summoning deprived me of too many of my abilities,” she replied. “I’m afraid I’m not
powerful enough to perform a Baptism Rite.”
Morgana facepalmed. “Well, we’re back to square one then,” he groaned. “Anyway, let’s grab
him and go. It’s not safe to stick around here. Er… sorry, I don’t think we caught your name.”
The wounded man smiled. “Ah, I neglected to introduce myself,” he commented. “I am
Siegfried, Saber class Servant. Judging from the roars I heard outside, I take it Fafnir has
appeared too. I truly am destined to slay him no matter where I appear, it seems.”
Ren recognized the name immediately – not just from his studies, but also because he knew
the persona as well. Like Cu Chulainn before him, the Servant Siegfriend couldn’t have
looked any more different than the persona one, but he had no doubt they were the same…
well, not ‘person’ but ‘being’ would be more accurate. He kept his mouth closed for now,
though. There were still many things that had to be done. Still, that settled it: Siegfried was
the dragonslayer they were looking for.
“We’ll grab any explanations we need on the way,” Ren stated. “For now, Morgana’s right.
People will be wondering what happened here. We should go before we have to deal with
more issues.”

Right on cue, Archer, who had moved to the opening the explosion had caused and was
keeping watch, spoke up. “I see a contingent of French soldiers coming this way from the
west,” he observed. “Gilles de Rais is at the head.”
That settled it. Saber moved to take Siegfried’s other arm to help Mozart shoulder the weight.
That done, they all made their way out of Lyon to the north, the rain covering their retreat. As
they reached the forests north of the city, the rain gradually abated to a sprinkle. The soil
beneath them sank and sloshed from the pooled water underneath, turning the dirt into mud
as puddles swirled about.
Despite it still being day, Ren and Morgana were exhausted. They utilized their magecraft no
small number of times with barely any respite and just existed the Metaverse, with all the
exhaustion that came with it. Their limbs were heavy, their bodies were sore, and they could
barely keep their eyelids open.
Mash had been the quickest to notice the Masters’ condition and pulled out the map of the
area, quickly finding a cave that mercifully was only a short walk away. Both Ren and
Morgana collapsed on the thankfully dry ground as Saber and Mozart deposited Siegfried a
short distance away. That done, Saber took one glance at her Masters and immediately took
over.
“Mash, come with me – we must find a leyline to secure communications and further
supplies,” she commanded. “Archer, Jeanne, keep watch. Marie, Mozart, attend to Siegfried
and the Masters as necessary. Our Masters are exhausted and we’re low on prana ourselves. I
doubt we’ll be able to sally forth until tomorrow at earliest.” Everyone blinked at her but after
only a moment, they all began moving about to attend to their duties. Nobody argued with a
king with B ranked charisma, after all.
Ren watched through bleary eyes as everyone moved about. Morgana had already curled up
to sleep off his exhaustion. Same with Siegfriend. Deciding there was nothing to be done, he
closed his eyes as well and soon drifted off.

----------

“Welcome back, my Trickster.”
Ren smiled at Lavenza and nodded at Igor. “I’ve a lot of questions for you guys,” Ren
commented with a lightness he didn’t feel in the slightest. “But I’m guessing you guys
already know what I’m gonna ask anyway.”
Igor’s smile widened as he regarded Ren with his bloodshot eyes. “And you would be correct
once more, my dear guest,” he said. “As we have stated, by coming into a Singularity, we
have gained access to a limited Collective Unconsciousness. As the situation is still
incredibly dire, I am granting you as much power as we can spare. Thus, allowing you to

regain access to the Metaverse. Unlike before, you will not be able to share the app among
your companions but given the nature of magi, this is, surprisingly, to our benefit.”
“However, the Metaverse will be far more dangerous than before,” Lavenza warned. “The
Palaces of Servants will not be like anything you have ever encountered before. Many of
their legends and powers have come from their distorted desires and would’ve grown vast
beyond that of many. You have new allies now and the restoration of yourself as a Phantom
Thief, but do not let your guard down. Overconfidence could easily cost you when you have
far too much to lose.”
Ren nodded. That certainly made sense. He didn’t expect them to have Palaces on the scale
of Kamoshida or Madarame. These were heroes and legends, after all. If they had distorted
desires, they would be correspondingly far larger. He already had a sample: Archer’s
Unlimited Blade Works. A vast, barren world filled with legendary swords. He couldn’t
appreciate it at the moment, but he could still remember it clearly.
Was that truly how he saw the entire world? His desire was to help people. By itself it
shouldn’t be a distorted desire or all of the Thieves would have Palaces in their own right.
The scale was beyond staggering in scope. He wouldn’t even know how to begin operating in
such a Palace if he had to.
And that brought another question: Would it be proper to deal with that Palace? What would
destroying a Palace do to a Servant? He and his friends didn’t track down everyone who had
a Palace for a reason. They wanted to give hope to everyone and give them a chance to stand
up for themselves, not have everyone under their thumb. It was what Yaldabaoth tried to
tempt him with all that time ago, and he refused utterly. They didn’t do what they did because
they wanted to have control. They wanted to bring hope.
It was perhaps a naïve, idealistic viewpoint they all held, but one they held regardless. After
all, if they couldn’t trust people to find their own way, then what was the point of rebelling
against an oppressive society just to become the oppressors in turn?
“Now then, I believe there was something you wanted to try, my Trickster?” Lavenza asked.
Ren blinked in surprise and met Lavenza’s smile with a rueful one of his own. “I believe the
persona you want is in the Compendium right now.” She opened the transparent pages of the
still-damaged Compendium to the one Ren had been thinking of. With a nod from Ren, she
summoned the Persona, the being turning into another one of his masks. “I do not know how
your experiment will fare, my Trickster, but I trust you as I always do,” she said. She gave a
reassuring smile.
“May luck be on your side.”

----------

Ren’s eyes snapped awake. His body felt much more energized than before. A small campfire
had been set up, though only a few faint embers remained. Beside it was Mash, her breathing
gentle as she quietly slept. Morgana was still curled up, peacefully asleep. It was completely
dark outside, with the clouds obscuring the moon. Siegfried was also asleep off in a corner of
the cave.
Besides him, the other Servants were awake. Archer and Jeanne were sitting at the cave
entrance, keeping watch. Marie and Mozart were near Siegfried, having a whispered
conversation. He saw no sign of Saber but wasn’t too worried – he knew she could handle
herself.
He quietly stood up, drawing the attention of the servants. “It’s a few more hours before
dawn, Master,” Archer commented. “I suggest getting a bit more sleep.”
Ren nodded absentmindedly. “Yeah, I will. I just want to try something. Siegfried said only a
Saint could cure his wounds, right?”
Jeanne nodded. “That’s correct,” she replied. “We took a look over his wounds and I even
tried myself, but whatever was done is beyond my ability to remove. It seems your Doctor
Roman may have located another Saint as well, so we’ll most likely head out to meet with
them tomorrow. God willing, we should be able to make it there without further issues.”
Tomorrow. Time certainly felt different to Ren. Everything that had happened recently had
been less than a week. A week ago, he was back in Japan, chatting with his friends online
while trying to rebuild his life. Now here he was in Medieval France, surrounded by and
fighting with beings straight from myth and legend, far beyond his own personas. Just this
week alone made his adventures in the Metaverse feel like a gentle stroll.
He walked over to the sleeping Servant. Siegfried had a cover placed under him, which was
getting soaked in his blood. This would be extremely demanding of him but if it worked, then
it would certainly help relieve the burden considerably. If the doppelganger saw that they
were traveling far more slowly because they were carrying a heavily wounded infamous
dragonslayer with them, he had no doubt she would leverage that advantage to no end.
Calling forth the persona, he felt his magic circuits warm up as he tore off his metaphorical
mask.
“Maria.”
A flash of blue flame heralded the new Persona, drawing everyone’s attention with muted
exclamations. It was a statue of a pious nun, head bowed in humility with her hands open
symbolizing her generosity. Above her head was a disc of gold, representing a halo, while
framed around her figure was a ring of the same material, representing her divine aura. All
around her were carved reliefs of various beasts: An eagle, a lion, a bull, even a T-Rex.
Around her floated more golden discs as well.
Ren took a deep breath. With a mental command, the statue-like Persona glowed. A powerful
green light began emitting from Siegfried as a cool spring breeze once more blew through.
Illusory grass and flowers began blooming under him.

The Master gritted his teeth. Calling forth Maria in the real world was already a burden but
utilizing her was even harder. And he was using a move that even in the Metaverse, Ren had
considered too costly to use too often: Salvation. It could heal fully and cure from most
ailments – like in this case, curses - but it took a great amount of power to use. Maria’s trait
allowed it to be far less taxing but even now, he could feel the circuits burning through his
body.
And at first, it seemed like nothing happened… then Siegfried’s wounds started to close. His
eyes widening, he committed more energy to the spell. The glow became more intense as the
wounds began closing faster, Siegfried’s breathing becoming easier. His eyes fluttered open
and he looked down at himself as his wounds began sealing up, his eyes widening as he
witness Ren and Maria. “What in Odin’s auspices…” he whispered.
Burning pain lanced through Ren as he continued, but he didn’t let up. His body felt weaker
and everything hurt, but still, he didn’t let up. His veins and nervous all felt like molten
metal, but he could endure this. Just for a bit longer. As the last of Siegfried’s wounds finally
closed, despite the torturous pain, he let out an exhausted smile.
And the ground rushed up to meet him.

Chapter End Notes

Once more, here's the link to my Discord. Come join the fun!
https://discord.gg/dGhUjMEt

Chapter 19: Thoughts
Chapter Summary

Some secrets can't be kept any longer, and everyone is left to ponder the implications.

Chapter Notes

This one was a bit more enjoyable to write, and I'm okay with how it turned out. Though
conversely that might mean it's actually bad vs all the other times. Why must I do this to
myself...?
I'll admit, I'm not a religious person myself, so trying to get into the head of a saint like
Jeanne d'Arc is difficult for me. I went back and forth on how to deal with it and I'm not
sure about the result. Let me know what you guys think.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“How is he?” Morgana asked worriedly.
“According to the readings, stabilizing,” Roman murmured, looking over his monitor. He had
dark bags under his eyes after going through yet another all-nighter. During that time, Da
Vinci had been by his side, her usual brilliant smile replaced by a frown of concern. The other
staff continued with their duties, monitoring the area but holding whispered conversations
among themselves about the Masters Chaldea were currently fielding.
Mash and Morgana had been woken up by loud shouts from the Servants and witnessed
helplessly as Ren had collapsed on the ground, convulsing and literally steaming as he
vomited blood. Morgana tore off the communicator from Ren and immediately contacted
Roman, screaming at the doctor for instructions.
It had been a desperate night as they covered Ren in bucketloads of ice to bring his
temperature down, with Archer sketching formalcraft circles under Da Vinci’s instructions to
restore some of his prana. Saber’s knowledge of battlefield health made sure he didn’t choke
on his own blood or tongue. The newly restored Siegfried kept watch as both Marie and
Mozart ran supplies from the leyline back to the cave. It was only after dawn broke that Ren’s
breathing finally calmed and his signs were dropping back down to normal.
The catlike Master sighed with relief, then growled with rage. “What was he thinking?!” he
snapped, rounding on Ren’s prone form and glaring at him. “Even in the Metaverse, we both

agreed Salvation was too costly to use, then he decides to use it in the real world where the
consequences are even worse?! Ren, you’re supposed to be reckless, not stupid!”
Ren’s eyelids twitched but otherwise gave no sign of regaining consciousness. Mash, who
was kneeling by his head with a soft hand on his forehead, looked up at Morgana. “Please be
quieter, Mr. Morgana,” she whispered. “I understand you’re angry with senpai but he’s
resting right now. We may speak about it after he wakes.” It wasn’t like she couldn’t
understand Morgana. She was well-versed in what magic circuit overuse looked like and Ren
had sorely taxed his. They needed to have a long discussion after he woke up.
Siegfried looked utterly ashamed. “I take responsibility for this,” he murmured. “My
weakness and wounds had pushed him to this point. I would gladly exchange my life for his
for his valiance, yet I can do nothing. None of my Noble Phantasms can accelerate his
healing.”
Morgana’s glare shot up to the dragonslayer for a moment, then he sighed, his tiny shoulders
sagging. “It’s not your fault, Siegfried,” he replied. “Ren’s always been like this. He can’t
stop himself from helping if he sees someone in trouble. And, well, you were certainly
troubled.” He still remembered riding around in Ren’s bag as he went from location to
location, person to person. All his confidants came from him stepping in to help them in
need, and they in turn offered what they could: Knowledge, information, or supplies. Even if
they didn’t, he helped how he could. That was simply how he was.
Of course, that wasn’t to say it didn’t backfire. They ended up meeting in the first place
because one time Ren tried to help someone, it ended up with a false assault charge slapped
on him by a corrupt politician and being sent to Tokyo on probation. Sure, it may have turned
out well and they even got their revenge on said politician – Prime Minster hopeful
Masayoshi Shido – but it was something that shouldn’t have happened to begin with.
There were consequences, however. There was no way in hell they could move Ren right
now, not with him in such a delicate condition. Roman had his eyes glued on his readings in
case something changed for the worse. The only consolation they had was that the
doppelganger had been soundly beaten yesterday at Lyon, with most of her wyverns wiped
out by Archer, Fafnir injured by the same, and was now uncertain what to do with the
Phantom Thieves. She had no way of knowing Ren was currently incapacitated either.
Regardless of her rage, she would be keeping her distance and licking her wounds.
A small comfort at least.
Still, Morgana was impressed with Ren’s logic. Apparently it took a Saint to exorcise
Siegfried’s wounds and heal them, and so he summoned Saint Maria to do so. It was a
prudent course of action: They had all felt the presence of Metatron, Satan, and Cu Chulainn
like they were the beings themselves. So if that’s the case, why not bring a Saint of their
own? Ren’s Wild Card abilities more often than not paid dividends back during their
Metaverse adventures, and even here it was working well. Magic circuit overuse
notwithstanding.
And he was angry with Ren all over again. What Ren had done was beyond stupid and
reckless, at a time when they could afford to be stupid and reckless the least. He was going to

tear Ren a new one as soon as he woke up!
It was already morning, though Mash nor Morgana really felt like eating at the moment. The
Servants didn’t require food to begin with. The rains from the day before had stopped and the
clouds passed, leaving dazzling sunshine that warmed up the air and ground. However, it was
quiet: No typical sounds of birds or small animals moving in the undergrowth. A distant
wyvern’s roar punctured the calm air periodically, serving as constant reminders that they
ultimately weren’t safe.
Saber walked over and sat down in front of Morgana. Her face was stern and grave. “We
have many things to discuss,” she stated.
Morgana warily glanced up at Saber, his gaze meeting her sharp green eyes. Hearing a bit of
shuffling, he looked over to see Archer leaning up against a wall, a casual position save for
the frown he wore. Both Marie and Mozart were nearby as well. While normally they would
be rumormongers, they knew the situation was far more deadly than that and would need
whatever information could be gleaned. Siegfried and Jeanne stood guard outside but were
clearly within earshot. Mash only glanced back and forth between the Servants all joining the
discussion but otherwise said nothing.
“There is absolutely no doubt that you and Ren are capable Masters, and we thank you for the
kindness you’ve shown us,” Saber began. “However, it has been clear since our inception that
both of you have been keeping secrets. That in of itself isn’t unusual. Everyone has their
secrets after all, especially Servants. However, you have displayed magecraft that heretofore
was completely unknown to everyone and could match Servants. You entered a reality marble
and brought us with you, a feat that should be utterly impossible. And within that reality
marble, you were able to match a Servant in combat.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Not to mention, summoning aspects of angels, demons, saints, and even
Servants with that magecraft as well,” she continued. “None of that is normal. Even by the
standards of our time, your powers would’ve easily made you a considerable threat to many
of my knights.” Saber glanced over at the unconscious Ren. “The both of you have proven
yourself to be valiant and noble beyond any question,” she said, her tone softening a bit as
she turned back to Morgana. “However, the time for secrets is quickly passing. We need a full
measure of yours and Ren’s capabilities so we may adapt and fight however necessary. Your
powers may be a massive boon, but if our enemies can take better advantage of it before we
can, then it might spell the failure of us all.”
She drew herself up. “I ask that your trust us, Master Morgana,” she finished. “We are your
Servants, dedicated to the preservation of humanity, for good or ill. Trust us with the
information, just as we trust you to support us.”
Morgana stayed silent as he pondered Saber’s words. He glanced over to Mash. “Is the
communicator off?” he asked.
Mash blinked, then nodded. “Er, yes, Mr. Morgana,” she replied, speaking softly so she
wouldn’t wake Ren up prematurely. “The doctor said he will contact us if anything changes
with Ren.”

The catlike Master nodded. He looked back at the gathering of Servants who were waiting
expectantly. “Two conditions:” Morgana declared. “First, I can’t tell you absolutely
everything, but I’ll explain what I can. And two, I want absolutely no word of this getting
back to others. We might tell Roman and Da Vinci but leave that to us. We don’t this
information falling into the wrong hands.”
The Servants all glanced at each other, then they all nodded. Morgana considered his
audience. Artoria, Archer, Siegfried, Jeanne, Marie, Mozart, and Mash. They were an
honorable group at least and would without a doubt honor the agreement.
He took a deep breath to calm himself, then he began to talk about the past year.
Hours later, the Servants were left with many thoughts.
Archer stood silently at the edge of the forest, away from the others. He had given the pretext
that he was standing watch for anyone coming their way, but his true intention was clear to
everyone: So he could be alone for a while. An Archer’s eyes were far sharper than a regular
human’s regardless. Miles in the distance, he could see French soldiers moving about the
ruined city of Lyon, cleaning up zombies and scouring the place. It seemed they hadn’t been
tracked yet and couldn’t afford to.
The conversation with Morgana had been… mind-boggling, to say the least. Both him and
Ren could enter areas on the cognitive plane, a realm that was theoretically impossible for
most humans to achieve. It would be akin to breaching the ‘Reverse Side of the World’.
However, they couldn’t enter freely. Conditions had to be met. Specifically, they could only
enter the plane of someone who had a ‘Palace’, as Morgana called them. A mental construct
that could be formed from a distorted desire and perspective of the world.
And by that definition, Archer’s reality marble was a Palace. Furthermore, Morgana pointed
out his own Palace was extraordinarily unusual. Most people had Palaces that encompassed a
building, maybe even a city at most. They had never seen one that encompassed the entire
world.
He could only smile bitterly. A mental image born from a twisted desire, and his was so
twisted it affected the entire world instead of something smaller like just a building.
Unlimited Blade Works was undoubtedly the core of who he was. All the blades within the
world were copies, symbolizing his desire to be a hero like he heard and read about. The
barren landscape and hazy skies with the ponderous gears, all reflecting his despair of
walking that path to the very end with nothing to show for it. Even after all this time, all he
had learned and been through, Unlimited Blade Works was still there. It may have changed a
bit, but it was still a fundamental part of who he was. He could – and would – never be rid of
it.
There was also the revelation that they could change hearts. By stealing something called a
Treasure – something that defined that person’s distortion – they could cause a cognitive shift
in the person, removing the distorted desire and perspective, and allowing everything it was
holding up to come crashing down on the victim. It was a rather dark method of enacting

one’s goals, though when Morgana had been confronted with that, he bristled and snapped
they only used it on criminals that normally would be untouchable.
His steel-grey eyes turned up to the sky. If they had existed then, could they have changed
him? Could they have removed those twisted desires: to help everyone, to be a hero? Could
they possibly have saved him from this fate? Of having to kill over and over and over again
as a counter guardian? Was it possible he could’ve just been like everyone else and manage
to live ultimately for himself, with a chance of actually finding his own happiness?
Again, he could only smile bitterly. A farfetched idea. Shirou Emiya was always a fool to the
last, after all.
“Archer.”
The red-mantled hero glanced back, seeing Saber approaching him. He looked back over at
the city. “Nothing to report, Saber,” he stated calmly as if commenting about the weather.
“Seems like the French contingent we saw yesterday are still at Lyon cleaning up. I saw
Gilles de Rais running around earlier. Doesn’t seem like they’re in any state to follow us
though – they’ll have their hands full just trying to secure the location.”
“That’s good to hear,” Saber murmured distractedly. She walked up to stand beside him. Her
eyes weren’t nearly as good as an Archer class’s, but that wasn’t the point. “Archer… what is
your true name?” she asked.
He stiffened. Forcing a sardonic smile on his face, he shrugged. “Come now, Saber, you
aren’t an idiot,” Archer snorted. “We’re on a battlefield right now, even if it’s just a lull as our
Master recovers. Who knows if the enemy has some other capabilities of listening in on us?
They do have a spy in their ranks, after all.”
“That’s not why I’m asking and you know it,” Artoria snapped, an edge creeping into her
voice. “I only have some recollections from that Fifth Holy Grail War – not enough for a
complete picture, just enough to know who or what was there. My Master - and your
presence.” She looked over at him. Archer didn’t meet her eyes, still staring ahead.
“Archer… Shirou. What happened to you?” she asked softly. “With your drive, I expected to
meet you again sooner or later, perhaps in the fields of Avalon. Not like this.”
Archer was silent for a moment. “Is that what he promised you?” he whispered. Another
sardonic smile spread across his lips, but this one tinged in sadness. “I discarded my name
long ago, to fulfill ideals that could never be reached. It was a foolish dream. A beautiful one
no doubt, but foolish nevertheless. In the end, I had no one by my side as I followed the road
to being a hero. Without any attachments, I dedicated my soul to what I thought would be a
way to save people: to the spirit of Alaya.”
Artoria’s eyes widened, immediately knowing the implications. Archer continued. “In the
end, it was for nothing,” he muttered. “There was no end to that path. Humanity constantly
suffered, and I was constantly called upon to end the cause of that suffering. Sometimes it
was from much greater threats, but most of the time it was from other humans. Over and
over, I killed and kept killing. In the end, all I could see for the rest of eternity was Hell.”

The King of Knights was silent as she pondered the information. “And when you saw
yourself once more, what did you do?” she quietly asked, dreading the answer.
Another bitter smile. “What a desperate fool would try to do,” he replied. “I tried to break
and kill him. It would’ve been a mercy for him anyway. It would’ve spared him from that
Hell. But if you knew him as well as I did, you can guess what happened: He was far too
stubborn. He reminded me that even though the dream was flawed, it was beautiful
nevertheless. But more importantly, he had something else I didn’t have: Allies and friends
by his side.”
His smile became softer. “With Rin by his side, as well as Sakura, he wasn’t going to put a
toe out of line, or they’d drag him out of the grave just to kill him themselves. No, they
would make sure in the end, he had something to come back to. He would never turn out like
me. Not that one.”
They stood in silence, both pondering their words, their decisions, and the uniting thread
between the two of them. “And what of you?” Artoria asked. “If your dream and your desires
have caused you that much pain… will you ask our Masters to remove them from you?”
Archer was silent. He didn’t have an answer for her, and she knew it.
“I do not doubt your path led you to many hardships you never should’ve had to face,” she
murmured. “Nor will I say I approve of continuously sacrificing yourself for others until
there is nothing left.” She remembered faintly of Mordred’s face, twisted in hatred as she
stabbed them with Rhongomyniad, and the maddened Lancelot howling amidst the flames.
“But your dreams have at the least carried you far,” she continued. “Do you mean to tell me
there was nothing worth it on that path? The end may have been fruitless, but what of the
journey itself? Was that all for nothing?”
He thought back. Before he became a counter guardian, a Servant, he had traveled all over
the world, helping whoever and however he could. He never asked for anything in return for
his labors – his only payment had been seeing the happiness of those around him, unable to
feel happiness for himself. He supported and helped who he could, and even when they
betrayed him in the end because they couldn’t understand him, he didn’t curse or hate them.
He simply accepted it in the end.
“I once wished to use the Grail to go back and change the past so I never became king.”
That statement immediately drew Archer’s attention. The King of Knight’s eyes were misted
over as she recollected her own memories. “I had sought to make myself as perfect a
monarch as I could, making judgements and decisions for the benefit of my people. Yet in the
end, Camelot still fell regardless due to my mistakes.” She smiled sadly. “But I learned that
trying to change the past is ultimately selfish of me and would invalidate all that I’ve worked
for, and all the works of my knights. For good or ill, it is part of who I am. So I stand resolute
now, hoping to create a better future.”
She glanced over at Archer. “Your regrets are justified, and I know better than most what you
are trying to accomplish. If having your heart changed truly is what you desire, I shall assist

you and my Masters in doing so. However, I ask that you ponder those questions and allow
me to hear your answer. Please, do me this one favor, Shirou.”
Archer opened his mouth to answer but before he could, Artoria had already turned around
and quietly walked back into the forest. The only thing left he had for company were his own
overwhelming thoughts.
Jeanne sat silently at a campfire, staring into the flames. She was only a small distance away
from the cave where Ren currently rested, with Morgana keeping an unceasing vigil on his
condition. Siegfried was currently standing guard, chatting with Mozart at the mouth of the
cave. Archer was apparently keeping watch while Mash and Saber were patrolling the forest.
Theoretically, she was supposed to keep watch as well, but her mind had been distracted
heavily as of late. Besides, if there was anything that was a threat, someone would’ve noticed
and reported it already.
Morgana had explained that those angels and demons that Ren was summoning were called
‘Personas’. It wasn’t that he was calling forth the Devil or angels literally. Rather, they were
considered ‘cognitive’ beings. In layman’s terms, they were beings that existed in peoples’
minds. And because people of this era had the Devil or angels or saints in their mind, this
granted Ren the ability to draw upon that image and bring them into the real world. In short,
they were what they were because everyone believed that was what they are.
She had to admittedly ask multiple times for clarification – she didn’t receive much of a
proper schooling – but Morgana had patiently explained it, with Archer surprisingly
supplementing him in turn. But the long and short of it was that they weren’t ‘real’. They felt
real because people believed they were real.
So why didn’t she feel at ease?
A movement to her side caught her eye. Glancing over, she saw Marie smiling, offering her a
can. “A beverage that was sent to our Masters,” she explained brightly. “I’ve already asked
for permission from monsieur Morgana. It’s supposed to energize regular people. Perhaps it
might help for Servants?”
The Saint blinked in surprise, then smiled gratefully as she took the can. “My thanks,” she
said. Looking curiously at the top, she noticed no clear openings, just a small ring-like
protrusion that was mounted at the top. “Do… do you know how to open this?” she asked
demurely.
Marie giggled. “Ah, non, I’m afraid not,” she admittedly easily. “But there’s enjoyment to
figuring it out! Like solving a puzzle! Let’s see here…” The queen grabbed holding of the
ring between her dainty fingers and began moving and levering it about, shaking and moving
it in an attempt to cut the opening.
Then she pulled a little harder and the ring pushed the opening through – resulting in a
fountain of soda that blasted her face. Marie squeaked with surprise as she jerked the can
away from her far too late. Meanwhile, Jeanne squawked and fell backwards with shock. A
few moments later, the spray settled down into an overflowing foam over her can and hand.

The two Frenchwomen stared at the can in shock, then at each other. Slowly, smiles cracked
on both of their faces and they both fell into laughing. Jeanne could feel a small weight on
her heart fall off. There were still many things to consider, but she hadn’t realized a small
moment of levity like this was what she desperately needed the most. Not until she had it
anyway. She moved to sit properly beside Marie was once as Marie licked some of the green
liquid off the can.
“Tres bien!” she exclaimed. “It’s so sweet and tangy, with little bubbles!” She began drinking
with gusto. Chuckling, Jeanne imitated with Marie did – holding the can away for safety –
and pulled at the ring. There was a his and a pop, and it opened without any further hassle.
Blinking in surprise, she brought the beverage to her lips and took a quiet sip. Her eyes
immediately widened at the flavor as she began gulping it down. Marie hadn’t exaggerated in
the slightest. It was indeed a delectable drink, far better than the beers and alcohols her
country wrought.
Silently gulping down their drinks, they put down their cans with a sigh of satisfaction. Then
Marie let out a burp, causing her to cover her lips in surprise. Jeanne blinked, then felt that
sensation welling up from her gut as well and before she could stop herself, let out a
surprising belch as well before also covering her own mouth. They both stared at each other
for a second, then fell to laughing once more. Another small weight lifted off the saint’s
heart.
Once they managed to calm down a bit, they set down their (now-empty) cans and stared into
the fire. The only sound came from the crackling of sticks lit aflame. The silence between
them was comfortable, but it was getting heavy regardless.
“What are you thinking about?” Marie inquired gently.
Jeanne sighed quietly. “Much,” she answered honestly. “My doppelganger has been using
dragons and Servants to raze my home and slaughter my people. The Master of Chaldea uses
powers that many would call heretical, even entering a reality marble and fighting a Servant
directly. And just last night, he had summoned Saint Maria – the Virgin Mary herself – to
exorcise Siegfried’s wounds and heal him. It is no less than a divine miracle that could allow
for that.”
She hugged her knees close to herself. “In my life, I believed God watched over my and
guided me,” she murmured. “Throughout all my battles, I put my faith in Him to see my men
and I through. Even after I was condemned at my trial and burned at the stake, I still had faith
in Him, that it was all His plan. It mattered little what happened to me, but He would see my
people through. And yet…” She paused.
Marie said nothing, patiently waiting for Jeanne to continue. The saint hugged her knees
closer. “To see someone bring forth such beings with so much ease disturbs me,” she
admitted. “They are the power of ‘thought’ and ‘belief’ manifested. In that regard, they’re
much like Servants. We hold power because people know of us and our power, and that
grants us strength in turn. On one hand, I should be glad that they’re so powerful, both
because it’s a considerable boon we have and it means that belief in our Lord and fear of the
Devil are strong. On the other... I do not know whether to judge them as false idols or

‘aspects’ of Him. And what of the one who brings them all to bear, Ren? What would that
make him in the end?”
Her shoulders sagged. “I do not believe he is a bad person,” she murmured. “One who would
risk themselves to aid their Servants in the manner he has cannot be. The Lord has been silent
in His judgement towards him. I’m unsure what to do.”
The French queen blinked at the Saint’s confession, reached over… and lightly smacked her
on the head. Jeanne flinched, holding the spot where she was hit. “M-Marie?” she
stammered.
Marie huffed. “Honestly, ma cherie, you are overthinking this far too much,” she retorted.
“You stated that, by your judgement, he’s not a bad person, correct?” Jeanne hesitatingly
nodded. “Does he himself seemingly worship the beings he brings out?” The saint shook her
head. “Has he used them to play himself up as God or a Devil or anything of the sort?” Well
besides scaring the living daylights out of her doppelganger, but she recognized that it was
more playing psychological tactics than genuinely believing he was one. Again, she shook
her head.
Nodding in satisfaction, Marie smiled. “Well, if that’s the case, then I do not see what the
problem is,” she concluded. “And besides, the Lord has entrusted you with His will, non?
Then that would mean He trusts you that what decision you make will be His decision too.
So, if that is the case, then what decision you make in regards to Ren, most likely He will
accept as well.”
Jeanne made a panicked noise. “I d-do not presume to know His will or His works,” she
squeaked. “I simply work by His will, no less but certainly no more!”
“Yes, but that requires you to be able to work on your own initiative.” Marie didn’t relent.
“He has appointed you for His will and mission, because He trusts you to make the right
decisions. Therefore, if you believe Ren to be just and an able ally, then I’ve no doubt that He
believes so as well.” She flashed a wry smile. “After all, Ren can seemingly work miracles –
perhaps he was sent to us by His will?”
The saint opened her mouth, then closed it. She turned to stare back at the fire to contemplate
Marie’s words. What Ren did for Siegfried was without a doubt considered a miracle.
Whether the familiars he summoned the actual beings or mental facsimiles was at this point
irrelevant. They were powerful and held the aura of the beings themselves. She considered
back to Ren’s actions. No matter who or what he summoned, he had always been steadfast in
his goals to defend humanity and her country. He had a strange sort of confidence with him,
yet never felt like he placed himself above anyone else save his enemies. This wasn’t an issue
that would be close to resolving anytime soon.
She was stirred out of her thoughts as Marie sidled over closer to her, gently resting her head
on Jeanne’s shoulder with a warm smile. “Do not fret, ma cherie,” she murmured. “Even in
my time, you stood as an inspiration to us all. I have no doubt that what you decide what is
right. Whether by His will, or your own.”

Jeanne could only blink in surprise, a faint blush creeping into her face as her mouth opened,
trying to find words to respond to Marie’s compliment and faith in her. Giving up, she sighed
quietly as she looked up through the leaves of the forest. The sun was shining through the
canopy, filtering down through the leaves and illuminating the forest in a display of light and
shadow. The blue sky past the treetops was cloudless compared to the soaking weather the
day prior. She quietly closed her eyes as she offered up a pray.

‘O Lord, please guide me through these troubled times, and may my heart and judgement be
true…”

Chapter End Notes

I may have created an inadvertent ship... oh well.
Link to the discord if anyone wants to join. We've a fun time!
https://discord.gg/W9DcGgzW

Chapter 20: Repose
Chapter Summary

Mash and Morgana have fought by Ren's side, but...

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The sun was gradually setting, orange rays bathing the countryside in warm light. The night
sky was starting to make itself known in the furthest fringes of daylight, the stars glittering
faintly. All in all, it had been a peaceful day. Unfortunately, the day’s march had been stolen
from the Chaldeans. Ren hadn’t woken up the whole day, his condition at times fluctuating.
Roman had been sending various medical supplies via rayshift and instructing others to care
for him as necessary. There was still brain activity, thankfully, so Ren wasn’t in a coma or
braindead. It was just a waiting game at this point.
Mash had taken turns running patrols or maintaining a vigil alongside Morgana over Ren
throughout the day. Saber had come over to relieve her, however. As dedicated as she was,
she was still a demi-Servant, and more liable to tire out than the others. Now she was at the
campfire, staring at an MRE. She knew she should eat but didn’t feel all that hungry overall.
She still worried for Ren. He had been pushing himself to greater and greater extremes with
his gift. They were potent, but incredibly draining, and every mage knew that reckless usage
of magecraft was flirting with death, if not outright suicidal.
She still remembered the curry and coffee Ren had made. They had only been out in France a
few nights but she missed them. He seemed to always have a certain touch and skill to it that
the automatic chefs just couldn’t replicate (and she tested it once or twice). And she saw Ren
with Archer as well, learning new dishes. Archer seemed impressed with how deftly Ren
handled various ingredients after a bit of teaching and how quickly he learned the recipes.
The omurice he had made was delicious, the only flaw being that the yolk was a bit less
runny than it was supposed to be, according to Ren. Archer in turn simply told him that it was
more than good enough for a first timer.
Sighing, she opened the pack and popped her meal and the flameless ration heater into a
small sleeve before pouring a bit of water into it, then tucking it into a heat-insulated outer
sleeve and setting it on a rock. It was supposed to be a spaghetti with meat sauce, though it
was hardly as flavorful as the actual dish. It was serviceable enough though – they were
supposed to be field rations, not high cuisine. There was an MRE pack of Asian style beef
strips with peppers sitting on the side. Once Ren woke up, he would get that one ready for
him. He might appreciate something a bit more familiar.

“Oh? It’s good to see you finally eating, Miss Kyrielight.”
Blinking, Mash looked over to see the smiling Mozart walking towards her. “Er, yes,” she
stammered. “I have to be nourished and energized so that I might be ready for action at any
time. I’m sorry for worrying you and the others about my lack of care. It won’t happen
again.”
The composer easily waved it off. “Oh pish posh, you need not address those apologies to
me,” he said. “I’m merely a musician – one of the best, in fact – not some military
commander. But even if I were, I would say that your actions are hardly unreasonable and
unsporting.” He sat down next to the fire as well, perpendicular to Mash, and glanced over at
her. “After all, a young maiden in love rarely acts rationally. If anything, compared to others
I’ve seen, you are the very model of rationality.”
Mash immediately spluttered, her face turning into the hue of a tomato. “M-Maiden in l-llove?!” she stuttered out.
Mozart burst out laughing. “Ah, such precious, innocent love and youth!” he exclaimed
happily. “Ah, rare is it to hear such a sweet melody. Fret not, Ms. Kyrielight. I only mean it in
some jest and concern. I’ve had my share of loves myself, of course.”
“You have?” the shielder asked, blinking.
The musical Servant smiled fondly, recalling the memories. “Oh yes,” he replied. “Have you
heard that once, I proposed to Marie when we were but children? I was six at the time I
believe. I had just fallen down and was about to pick myself up, when Marie offered to help
me up. She was radiant and beautiful, just like an angel. I said… I said… what did I say…?”
He closed his eyes in thought then snapped his fingers. “Ah yes,” he exclaimed. “‘Thank you,
nice lady. My name is Amadeus. If a beautiful lady like you has no fiancé yet, could I be your
first one?’”
Mash’s eyes widened as she leaned forward in interest. “And what did she say?” she asked.
“Why, she rejected it, of course!” he responded, laughing. “As a princess, she had no say in
who she could marry, no matter how our affections would’ve burned for one another.” His
laughter dwindled down as he smiled wistfully at the fire. “And no matter what loves I
would’ve gained, what friends I made, what bliss I would’ve found, I would’ve traded my
life for music all over again. The kind of scum who would discard all manners of human
virtue. And thus, here I stand as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart – or sit, rather.” He chuckled a
bit at his own joke.
The Chaldean girl considered his words. “Do… do you still love her? Marie?” she asked
tentatively.
Mozart’s eyes flicked over with a gentle smile. “I love her, but not in love with her, Ms.
Kyrielight,” he responded quietly. “I have no more passion for her. She was merely a special
divergence in my fate. My soul would’ve been committed to music one way or another.
However,” His smile widened a bit. “If there was someone who could change my fate, I think

it would’ve been her. She certainly has the strength and will to do such a thing, no? Much
like you and Ren over there.”
Mash’s eyes widened as she glanced over at the cave entrance nearby. Mozart easily followed
her gaze and nodded. “He is a most intriguing individual,” he mused. “Ren is like a concerto,
his notes and melody wild yet steady. But a concerto is hollow without the accompaniment,
and he is sadly missing his.” He sighed. “But I will admit, I am not the greatest judge or aid
to people. I am a composer and musician – no more, and certainly no less.”
The shielder gazed down upon the ground. “Senpai is… different,” she murmured. She had to
organize her scattered, muddled thoughts. “He saw more of the outside world than I ever
have, so I wanted to know what it was like. I hadn’t assumed he was a magus – merely a
Master candidate. Then he begins to utilize magecraft that we’ve not seen or heard of before,
with power rivaling that of Servants. And our Lancer had said that he was experienced. Like
he has seen all this before. And senpai… senpai confirmed it. He even said it wasn’t his first
or second time.”
She sighed. “I know I don’t know senpai well,” she continued. “But he feels far different than
any person or magus, even in Chaldea. He seems afraid yet is more tired than anything else.
He smiles in the day but cries during the night.” She had heard him quietly crying when they
camped a few nights ago. It had taken all her instincts to not rush to his side. She bit her lip
nervously. “I’m supposed to protect senpai, yet he’s already far beyond me in experience and
strength. Despite everything, he still trusts me and relies on me but…”
Mash squeezed her eyes shut, a few tears spilling forth. “I don’t know if I’m worthy or even
able to stand by his side,” she gasped out. “If you called me a maiden in love, then… is this
love pure? Even if I’m so weak and might end up being a liability?”
Mozart said nothing, hearing the girl before him spill her heart out. Instead of answering
directly, he nodded over to her MRE. “I believe your dinner’s getting cold,” he notified her.
The shielder blinked through teary eyes, startled out of her reverie. She slowly took the
sleeve and slid out the little packet of food, settling her hiccups as she took a plastic spoon
and quietly ate. A few bites helped settle her mood somewhat.
“Simply because something isn’t pure doesn’t mean it’s not beautiful in its own right,” the
composer said, looking up the darkening sky. “Humans are ultimately filthy things after all.
Music is beautiful, yet it is composed by those same humans. Perhaps it would be a blessing
for something to be utterly pure… or a curse. Unable to grasp the minutia of notes, beats, and
melodies, the grandiosity of the concert.” He looked over at Mash. “I do not think that you
need to concern yourself overmuch, Ms. Kyrielight,” he reassured her. “Your concerto has
only just begun. Your accompaniment will follow soon enough. What symphonies will you
and Ren play together? I must admit, I am more than tickled to find out.”
Mash blinked in surprise at the Caster’s words. Her trust wasn’t pure and she wasn’t free of
doubt… and that was okay? She mused as she took another bite. Her duty was to protect her
Master. That hadn’t changed whatsoever. He may be able to fight on a level she hadn’t
expected, but he still needed someone to watch his back when Morgana wasn’t available. If
so, then she would do her duty. And she would get stronger to do so. Mozart was right.
Things had only just started. She couldn’t get discouraged.

Ren still trusted her, after all.
Then there was a rustling. Her eyes shot up to see Mozart struggling with the other MRE
package. The one she had been saving for senpai. “Confound it, how do these blasted modern
confections-!” he growled out. Then he yelped as it tore open, with everything flying into the
air.
Or maybe she should take slightly less stock in Mozart’s wisdom.
Morgana sat glaring at the phone. He had taken it from Ren’s unconscious form and unlocked
it – a rather simple feat given that he had seen him unlock it countless times. The Metaverse
app had been opened and he had been trying to puzzle through it. It was easy and intuitive
enough to use: It required a name, a place, and the distortion. Currently saved was Archer’s –
respectively, ‘Shirou Emiya, ‘The world’, and ‘Unlimited Blade Works.’ The map portion
was blank, however. That wasn’t too surprising – there wasn’t exactly a GPS to beam a map
to the phone, after all.
During this time, however, he had decided to see if he could find a Palace among the
Servants. He started with Chevalier D’Eon. However, no match came up for the fencer.
Whatever was going on with D’Eon wasn’t a distorted desire, then. But still, that made things
frustrating. And thinking about it, they really didn’t know much about the other Servants.
They had been far too busy fighting for their lives than asking for names or trying to identify
them. He decided on a lark to try another Servant: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart.

Candidate Found.

The catlike Master’s eyes widened as he immediately looked around fearfully. It was just him
and Ren at the cave. Everyone else was either out patrolling or keeping watch. He breathed a
small sigh of relief that no one else heard it. So that clinched it. Servants could have Palaces,
not just ones with reality marbles. Though the way Roman acted, reality marbles didn’t seem
to be a common thing either. That was his hunch anyway. He’d have to ask and make sure
later.
Still, he decided to discard Mozart for now. There wasn’t any point in delving into Palaces
belonging to their allies. If anything, he needed to have a very long talk with Ren about how
to approach this situation. Distorted desires may be found in humanity, but it wasn’t their job
as Phantom Thieves to deal with every single one of them. No, that wasn’t their purpose.
They were meant to take down those that couldn’t be dealt with more ordinary means and
bring hope to everyone else.
And besides, people could change. Distorted desires could be removed naturally. Wasn’t that
what they did with Sae, after all?

But now he had a new conundrum. It was clear that the source of all this trouble would be
that doppelganger. If they could change her heart, it would most likely result in a chain
reaction that would lead to them being able to deal with her and secure the Grail. And he had
absolutely no doubt someone with that amount of rage had twisted desires and a Palace.
So theoretically, it was simple: They would lock onto her Palace, infiltrate it, and do what
they always did. They would definitely bring their Servants along though – he wasn’t about
to disregard Lavenza’s warning about a Servan’t Palace being far more dangerous than
anything they’ve done before.
However, he was already falling flat at step one: The name. ‘Jeanne d’Arc’ obviously yielded
no results. The saint herself held no twisted or distorted desires. Neither did ‘Joan of Arc’. He
tried ‘doppelganger Jeanne’ or ‘fake Jeanne’ or ‘The Dragon Witch’ or some variation
thereof. None of them yielded results. The cool woman’s voice only kept repeating ‘No
candidate found’ like a broken record. He even took to yelling out some curses and
unflattering names about the doppelganger, hoping that SOMETHING would stick. But it
hadn’t. The Metaverse app remained as blank as ever.
Sitting down with a huff, he hit the power button on the phone to close it to sleep mode.
Ren’s phone still had plenty of power but that didn’t mean he wanted to waste it, especially
when he had nothing to show for it. He was stuck on ideas. He would have to get a pencil and
a notepad sent to him so he could brainstorm a bit.
“I can see you are troubled.”
Morgana nearly jumped out of his skin at the sudden voice. Placing a paw on his chest to still
his heart, he looked over to see Siegfried walking in. “Jeez,” he gasped. “You know, for
someone as large as you and in full armor, you can be rather quiet when you want to be.”
Siegfried gave a rueful smile. “My apologies. I did not mean to surprise you.” He sat down in
front of Morgana on the opposite side of the cave. Glancing over at Ren, he asked, “How is
his condition?”
The catlike being’s eyes followed Siegfried’s gaze and sighed. “Still recovering,” he replied
dejectedly. “Roman said that he hasn’t shown any signs of worsening so it’s likely he’s just
sleeping it off at this point. I encourage him to get good sleep all the time but from this…”
He shook his head. “This is the worst I’ve ever seen him.”
The dragonslayer raised an eyebrow. “You’ve seen him in other states?” he inquired.
Morgana froze for a second at what he let slip, then sagged in resignation. Well, the
(figurative) cat’s already been out of the bag for a while. “Yeah,” he admitted. “I’ve been
with him through thick and thin. He’s had it pretty rough, to be honest, more than most other
people. But this… well, this is beyond almost anyone. I’m here supporting him as best I can,
but then he goes and acts like an idiot!”
He mussed up his head in frustration. “I don’t know what I’m supposed to do here! I’m
supposed to support him but here I am, unable to do a thing! It’s…! It’s…!” In lieu of

finishing his sentence, he simply covered his mouth with his paws and let out a muffled
scream.
Siegfried nodded sympathetically. “It is indeed frustrating when one doesn’t have the
capability to render aid,” he murmured, glancing at the unconscious Master. “At the very
least, he has proven to be a very noble soul. Of that, there is no doubt. And I owe you and
Ren my life. Should you require me to lay my life and sword down for you, I shall do so
without hesitation.”
Sighing, Morgana waved it off. “Cut it out, we don’t ask others to sacrifice themselves for
us,” he replied wearily. “For us, we stick together no matter what. At least, that’s what we all
promised each other. But…” He clenched his small paws. “But it’s just us now. Ren knows it
all too well. I know it too. All our friends and family. He’s…” He let out a small gasp as his
eyes watered.
“He’s all I have left…”
The Saber looked unsure of what to do. He quietly got up and sat down closer to Morgana,
reaching up with a gauntleted hand to pet him. Morgana froze momentarily at the touch, then
closed his eyes as he involuntarily began purring. “You know it’s not proper to pet a cat while
wearing a gauntlet, right?” he snarked, grateful regardless he managed to distract him for
now.
Chuckling, Siegfried replied, “My apologies. I’ll be sure to do so next time.” He glanced over
at the phone that lay near Morgana. “What were you doing with that device, may I ask?”
Morgana blinked and looked over. “Oh, that?” he asked. He sighed as he activated the phone
and unlocked it again. “This is the Metaverse app. It’s how Ren and I get into the cognitive
world,” he explained. “It’s surprisingly easy to use. We just need the name of our target, the
location, and the distortion – basically what they see that location as. I’ve been trying to use
it for the Jeanne doppelganger but it’s not popping up for her. Jeanne doesn’t have a Palace,
obviously, and I can’t find the right keywords to get to it.”
Siegfried blinked at the explanation and reached over to grab the phone. He glanced over at
Morgana. “May I?” he asked. Morgana nodded and the dragonslayer took the device
delicately, looking at the little interface. He had no experience with modern devices,
admittedly, and the Grail didn’t fill him in with knowledge of how to utilize them. He quietly
breathed out as he tried to consider. “Hrm, perhaps…” he mused.
“What, have you got something?” Morgana asked curiously.
“Of a sort,” Siegfried admitted, handing the phone back to Morgana. “As you can guess,
certain Servants are not normal. Sometimes they are a different representation of who they
were, or perhaps a being that had been tainted by outside forces. Often, they’re placed in a
different class entirely. Most of the time, it matters little if we call them by their original
names as their original counterparts aren’t here but not in this case.”
Morgana frowned. “Okay, but the original’s here, so what do we do now?” he asked
impatiently.

The dragonslayer took a moment before responding. “I’m not sure if this will be of any aid
but… we tend to call those kinds of Servants Alters,” he explained. “Named so because they
are the same Servants as their original counterparts, just altered in some way. Perhaps this
doppelganger is an Alter?”
The catlike Master shook his head confusedly. “So… what do I call her then?” he asked,
flabbergasted. “Alter Jeanne d’Arc? Or Jeanne d’Arc Alter or what?”

Candidate found.

Both of them froze and glanced at the phone. The name ‘Jeanne d’Arc Alter’ had registered
with the Metaverse app. Morgana quickly picked it up, staring at the name like it was a Grail
itself. “We got a hit!” he breathed. “Now all we need is a place and a distortion!”
Siegfried nodded in understanding. At the very least, knowledge of Servants had been
granted to him through the Throne of Heroes upon his summoning. “Perhaps the place of her
birth, then Domremy?” The app responded negatively. “Hrm, perhaps the site of her
execution, then? Rouen?” Again, the app responded negatively, causing him to frown once
more. It seemed neither location was the right one.
“Well, maybe it’s city that the doppelganger first destroyed?” Morgana suggested. “She
seemed to have a heavy grudge against it. What was it? Orleans?”

Candidate found.

They both looked down at the phone as the place was registered. Morgana gulped. Of course
it would be there. And as far as they knew, it was also there that doppelganger had her base of
operations. This wasn’t like a Palace in the past where they could just walk right up to it.
Here, it was in the heart of enemy territory. In order to enter her Palace, they would basically
be going right up to her doorstep. They could possibly enter the Metaverse and just make
their way over, but he had no idea just how dangerous stepping into the cognitive world of a
Servant could be. He wasn’t chancing that.
Now the last one: the distortion. “You mentioned that the ‘distortion’ is what she sees the
location – in this case, Orleans – as in her eyes, correct?” Siegfried asked. Morgana nodded.
The dragonslayer frowned as he considered. “Hm, perhaps she sees it as a command center?”
he suggested. The app denied that suggestion.
“Or, I dunno, an execution site?” Morgana said. That was also denied.
They went back and forth with different suggestions, from ‘castle’ to ‘throne’ to ‘torture
chamber’. However, nothing seemed to fit. After about twenty minutes of guessing and

brainstorming, Morgana flung his paws up into the air. “ARGH, this is getting nowhere!” he
shouted. “We don’t have enough info! What the hell does that Alter think about anything of
anywhere anyway?!”

Candidate found.

That caught both of their attention immediately. The phone had registered the distortion from
Morgana’s outburst, however accidental. The catlike Master picked up the phone and stared
at it. “Hell,” he stated, his voice hollow. “She thinks of Orleans as Hell.” Beyond a castle, a
bank, a ship, or even the laboratory, the distortion this time was Hell itself. Just how
dangerous would this Palace be? A Servant Palace with a distortion of Hell that could cover a
city…
“I shall inform the others,” Siegfried stated, moving to stand up.
“No, not yet,” Morgana immediately countermanded, to Siegfried’s surprise. “It’ll be better if
Ren is up as well. The two of us are more experienced in dealing with Palaces than you guys
are, so we can fill you guys in and we can all plan on what’s going on. We can’t rush willynilly in like this. We’ve been to Palaces before, but only those of normal people. We don’t
know what a Servant’s Palace is like and we’re not gonna chance it.”
Siegfried nodded in understanding, sitting back down. “Discretion is the better part of valor,”
he noted, easily accepting Morgana’s argument. No sane warrior would charge straight into
enemy territory without a plan, and the cognitive plane belonging to their enemy is perhaps
the deepest enemy territory one can be in. Everyone could understand the reasoning. Once
Ren was awake, they could begin their planning in earnest…
After everyone gave the boy a good drubbing on the head first, of course. With Morgana first
in line to do so.
“These expeditions of yours,” Siegfried asked. “How long do they take? And how perilous
are they?”
Morgana glanced over. “It depends, really,” he replied with a shrug. “Whenever we had to go
into a Palace, we usually had a deadline of a couple weeks for some reason or other.
Sometimes it takes us a couple days, other times only one. And sometimes we have to do
something in the real world in order to make progress.” He thought back to all the times they
had to bounce back and forth between reality and the Metaverse and blew a sigh. “Man,
thinking about it, sometimes we just got really lucky,” he murmured.
The Saber smiled sympathetically. “Luck is as important a factor on the battlefield as
anything else,” he replied. “Strategy, skill, strength, and speed can mitigate misfortune or
bring greater results to a stroke of good luck, but to discount it entirely would be disastrous.
And sometimes, fortune is beyond your ability to control, no matter your stratagems or
intentions.”

After all, he himself stood as an insurmountable hero and warrior, yet circumstance after
circumstance eventually forced him to a corner where he convinced his best friend to kill him
like a coward, as invincible as he was. And in the end, it had all begotten nothing but pain
and misery. Small wonder his luck was at a miserable E rank.
“Ugh, you’re telling me,” Morgana grumbled. Thinking back on it, they had been more than
fortunate overall. Had Ren and Ryuji not stumbled into Kamoshida’s Palace, he never
would’ve escaped and would’ve been executed by that lecherous gym teacher king. Had Ann
not caught Yusuke’s eye for aesthetics, they never would’ve encountered Madarame or
figured out how to delve deeper into his Palace. And that was just two examples out of far
too many.
And had Haru not had access to the Metaverse or came across him, it was all too likely he
would’ve perished in Okumura’s Palace when he left the Phantom Thieves.
Was it all fate? Was it that damn God of Control pulling the strings so that they could
continue along the twisted, rigged game he had set up for them? Was it Igor or the one above
him? Or was it as Siegfried said: That sometimes, it was just sheer, dumb luck that they
managed to pull through with victories? Whichever the case, it was certainly distressing to
think about. They couldn’t exactly rely on luck anymore – hell, Morgana was certain that
their luck couldn’t get much worse at this point, what with the Incineration of Humanity
being the starting point.
… he cursed himself for ever thinking those thoughts and jinxing it.
“Neither you nor Ren lack for intelligence or courage,” Siegfried reassure him, smiling. “Nor
do you lack for loyalty either, be it giving or receiving. At the very least, as I have said, I am
indebted to Ren and shall assist him even if it should mean my life. Your Servants appear to
be quite capable too. I would recommend you do not stress overmuch, lest you miss
something a calmer mind would be able to spot.”
Morgana blinked over at the Saber, then sighed. “Yeah, yeah, you’re probably right,” he
replied wearily. He stood up. He hadn’t eaten all day and he was getting hungry. Perhaps
some food would alleviate his mood and worrying. “I’m gonna grab something to eat,
hopefully they have some fish with the rations they sent us,” he stated, stretching. He glanced
over at Siegfried. “Can you keep an eye on him? And do you want me to grab you anything?”
The dragonslayer shook his head. “Thank you for your generosity, but I am quite fine –
Servants do not require sustenance and I would rather not strain your supply lines,” he replied
kindly. “I will watch over your friend and will inform you if anything has changed.” Morgana
nodded and walked toward the campfire, which was a bit noisier than he expected. He hadn’t
expected to see Mozart groveling on the ground in front of a pouting Mash, though. His
mouth dropped open for a bit, then he closed it and marched off to grab an MRE.
He was not dealing with this while hungry.
“You have good companions and friends,” Siegfried noted as he watched Morgana leave,
waiting until he was out of earshot to speak. “I can see why you would be willing to risk

yourself for them, let alone a stranger like me.” He sat back as he looked over to Ren with a
reassuring smile. “Still, I doubt their wrath will be any more mitigated if they see you like
this. I highly recommend resting a bit more so you’ve the energy to handle them the next
day.”
One of Ren’s eyes opened as he blearily looked over at Siegfried. “H-how long did you
know?” he mumbled. His body still ached something fierce and felt oddly weak. He was
definitely in no condition to move anytime soon.
Siegfried chuckled. “As soon as you woke up – right before Morgana figured out how to
access the doppelgangers… Palace, I believe you two called it,” he replied.
The Chaldean Master said nothing. He quickly pieced together that Morgana had told them
about Palaces at the very least, judging by their conversation, but wasn’t sure how much he
said besides that. He would have to ask later. But regardless, he trusted Morgana. Whatever
he told everyone must’ve been necessary, and he wouldn’t have revealed anything he
shouldn’t have. But their conversation about luck… Ren had no right to talk about it. His
terrible luck was what landed him that false police conviction and probation in the first place.
And it was by consistent strokes of good luck that he had survived his adventures in the first
place. How long would it last him? What would happen if it failed at the very last moment?
“Ruminating after waking up from a battle is common, but far from helpful,” Siegfried gently
admonished. He had long experience watching recovering warriors in infirmaries dwell over
their mistakes. “Focus on rest for now. Once you are hale and healthy once more, we shall
head for the battlefield once more. And on my honor, you shall have my blade by your side.”
Ren let out a low chuckle, despite that small movement sending lances of pain throughout his
system. “G-good to know,” he mumbled out. “Will be counting o-on you, th-then…” His
single eye closed, and soon his breathing softened and steadied as he fell into sleep once
more.
Siegfried watched as he fell asleep, then looked outside. The sun was disappearing beyond
the horizon, the stars glittering like gems against the tapestry of the night sky.
A day of repose before resuming a war.

Chapter End Notes

Once more, Discord link is here. Come join the fun!
https://discord.gg/he4NRTst

Chapter 21: Reproach
Chapter Summary

Ren is awake, but not everyone is happy with him...

Chapter Notes

I got some betas! :D Here's hoping for some higher quality writing from now on!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

A new day had come. The sky was cloudy with a few patches of clear sky, though there was
no sign it was going to rain anytime soon. The Servants were either standing guard or
patrolling the forest. So far, the doppelganger hadn’t made any moves or advances that they
could see, but that certainly didn’t mean they could stay in one place for too long. The warveteran Servants – Archer, Jeanne, and the two Sabers – were antsy about not being able to
move for so long, but they knew that moving Ren prematurely would only risk his health.
They had no choice but to wait until he recovered.
Mash yawned as she sat by the remains of the campfire. She didn’t bother relighting it. The
weather was warm enough, and at this point, lighting it would just further give their position
away. She hadn’t gotten a lot of sleep. It had been rather fitful, juggling the words from
Mozart, Roman, and Ren, as well as various nightmares: when she saw Ren was still with her
after the bombing in Chaldea and didn’t know what happened to Roman, when she saw Ren
panicking about the zombies,
When she heard Ren crying in the night…
She heard a bit of shuffling. Glancing over, she saw Morgana stretching as he walked down
from the cave, sitting a small distance from her. She offered a small smile to the catlike
being. “Good morning, Mr. Morgana,” she greeted pleasantly. “Did you sleep well?”
“About as well as I could, I guess,” Morgana replied, sighing. He hadn’t slept well either,
fretting about Ren’s condition and mulling over the fact that the doppelganger and Archer
both had a Palace – and the implications that involved. He rubbed his large eyes with his
paws. It was definitely something he needed to discuss with Ren about when they had the
time and safety to. But not now, not in the Singularity. They needed to remain focused.
“Let’s get some breakfast first though,” he suggested. “Probably not best to wait on an empty
stomach.” Mash nodded in agreement as she grabbed some more rations that had been sitting

in her pack. Morgana had had the lemon pepper tuna the other day and while he loved fish,
the MRE was… serviceable. He tried not to complain too much though, no matter how much
he wanted to. This wasn’t like when they were back in Tokyo, where they could regularly eat
from any restaurant or LeBlanc’s curry. They were out in the field where food was scarce and
needed to be preserved.
Morgana idly wondered if this was what camping was like, then discarded the thought. He
had a feeling that actual camping wasn’t quite as… spartan as this. Still, that certainly
reinforced that he didn’t want to be in an actual military any more than he already did.
They prepped their meals, heated them up, and ate in silence after. There wasn’t really
anything to talk about. Neither of them were in the mood for casual conversation, mulling
over their own thoughts, they already knew of Ren’s condition and that it hadn’t changed, and
frankly they were just too tired to really talk. For now, it was just the quiet of the forest and
the ever-present distant roars of wyverns.
As they ate, they heard some shuffling from behind them. They turned to see who it was –
and both pairs of eyes widened as they saw Ren stagger out, leaning on a tree for support.
Ren gave the two a very tired smile. “Hey guys,” he greeted casually. “Something smells
good.”
A couple minutes later, Ren was wolfing down his ration. He hadn’t eaten a bite since
yesterday and was starving. He also gulped down at least two bottles of water. His body still
felt sore and weak, though not as much as yesterday – yesterday, he could barely even move.
What he had done had taken a lot more out of him than he expected, like he had sprinted a
marathon in the space of one hour. At the very least, he could move albeit with some
difficulty.
While Ren ate, more Servants became aware of Ren’s recovery, starting with Archer who
silently leaned up on a tree behind him. Then Saber , quietly sitting down on a nearby log.
Siegfried came and stood nearby as Jeanne sat across from Saber. Mozart and Marie saw Ren
and were about to greet him happily but noticed the rather subdued mood of everyone else
and kept their mouths shut. Instead, they simply hung out nearby.
Finally, Ren finished, putting down the ration bag with a sigh. The rations were never great,
but for someone who was as hungry as he was, it was more than delicious to his deprived
taste buds. And the water did wonders as well. He was probably imagining it but it certainly
felt like his body felt a bit lighter and a little less sore after the food and water. Granted, it
was probably a temporary reprieve but it was better than nothing.
“Are you done, Ren?” Morgana asked, his tone oddly flat.
Ren blinked. “Um, yeah,” he responded. “I was starving so sorry about that. Anyway, we
should probably get a move on – already wasted a day thanks to me.” He made to stand up
but a sharp glance from his closest friend froze him in place.
“Good,” Morgana stated. “In that case…” Before Ren could ask what was going on, Morgana
had taken out his scimitar and whacked him hard with the flat of the blade, sending him
sitting back down cradling his now very sore head. “You complete, absolute moron , Ren

Amamiya!” he screamed. “I get that you’re reckless but that was beyond reckless, that was
just stupid ! You could’ve died when we need you the most! Just… what were you thinking?!
”
Ren only gaped at his friend. Morgana had always been short tempered and a bit more
emotional than he would ever admit, but this was the first time he had ever seen his friend
completely and utterly lose his composure like this. And looking into Morgana’s eyes, he
could see a mix of emotions that felt alien to the normally boastful creature: Fear, panic,
worry, relief. Whatever his reply was got caught in his throat and for once, the normally calm
Ren was at a complete loss of words.
“He’s right,” Archer stated. Ren looked back and met Archer’s hard eyes. “Doing what you
did was definitely stupid. I understand wanting to test your magecraft and utilizing it when
there’s an opportunity, but right now, we cannot afford such risks, not when they can be
avoided. Your mystery went far beyond your capabilities. Had we all not acted quickly, it’s
likely you would’ve died painfully.”
“Archer speaks the truth,” Saber cut in, her face stern. “We Servants can be wounded and
hurt, yes, but we are far hardier than the average person. Your restoration of Siegfried is to be
commended, but not at such great risk to your health. Your safety is key, Master. If you die,
our ties to Chaldea would be all the more tenuous, as Morgana will be the only Master left.
To say you are the lynchpin to the restoration of humanity would be an understatement,
especially given your talents.”
“To bring the image of Saint Maria to restore Siegfried truly is a miraculous act,” Jeanne
added. “However inspirational a martyr is, though, that is not what we need right now.
Humanity will need your will, power, and kindness in the days to come. Inspiration can only
take root if there are people to spread it to, after all. I do not doubt the kindness of your heart
nor your earnestness at this point, but bravery and recklessness hold a very thin border. If this
happens again, we shall have words.”
Ren’s eyes could only dart between the various Servants who all seemed to want a turn
lampooning him for his actions. He couldn’t even get a word in otherwise. One part of him
wanted to lash out. After all, he had healed and restored Siegfried so they were back at full
strength now. The doppelganger wouldn’t be able to take advantage of his injuries and exploit
that weakness. However, those protests died in his throat as he looked into the eyes of
everyone present. They were angry, yes, but also etched with worry and fear.
He had seen similar faces before. From his confidants when they met after he faked his death
escaping the police station. From his friends whenever he tried one too many death-defying
stunts or stands.
From Akechi as he confronted Ren about wavering in his resolve so that everyone could live
infinitely happy lives in the false utopia Maruki granted all of them.
Before yet another Servant could take their turn, Ren raised his hands, silencing them.
“You’re right,” he admitted with a rueful smile. “I was reckless. I just thought that the
doppelganger would try to capitalize on Siegfried’s weakness, but I definitely overstretched
myself. I’m sorry for worrying you guys. Won’t happen again.”

Morgana huffed, looking up at Ren sadly. “Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Ren,” he
murmured.
Ren could only blink in surprise, opening his mouth to ask, then closed it. He took a deep
breath. This wasn’t the time for a real heart-to-heart. They already lost a day thanks to him
being unconscious and recovering all throughout. If they could survive this and resolve the
singularity, then he and Morgana would talk – though that still left in the air about how much
he would tell Da Vinci and Roman. Given all that he had done, there weren’t many things he
could keep secret for much longer. If he wanted to succeed and see everyone again…
Steadying himself, his eyes sharpened as he looked at everyone present. “Tell me everything
that’s happening,” he stated.
---------With that, everyone began filling him in on what was happening. Throughout yesterday,
nobody had seen any sign of the doppelganger, her Servants, or her wyverns. The battle from
the other day had depleted a considerable number of her forces and there was little doubt she
was licking her wounds, trying to recover. They weren’t certain how much she had recovered
at this point – and it could very well be rather immediate considering she most likely had a
Holy Grail with her – but at the very least, she was keeping a wide berth from them. That
gave them some breathing room to work with.
Morgana had explained to everyone present about Personas and Palaces, including the
Metaverse Navigator app. Everyone accepted that Ren wasn’t exactly channeling the powers
of angels and demons themselves, but rather, peoples’ cognitions of them. And because the
collective unconsciouness ‘believed’ Ren’s personas were what they were, so did everyone
else. That at least helped settled any further misunderstandings for now.
Ren had a sinking feeling it wasn’t fully resolved but for now, it’d have to be enough. There
would be time later if they survived here.
And finally, the greater news: Morgana and Siegfried had found the doppelganger’s – Jeanne
Alter’s – Palace. The location was Orleans and the distortion was Hell, which sent alarm bells
ringing within Ren’s head. None of the Palaces the two had ever encountered had been as
grandiose as Hell, and as experienced as they were, neither of them were exactly in the mood
for storming through Hell without being prepared. Not to mention, they were too far and
Orleans was the heart of enemy territory. No, he agreed with Morgana’s assessment: No way
were they entering that Palace without hefty preparations. And that meant securing more
allies.
With that, the plan was set. Roman did say that he had found readings of a Saint nearby.
Pulling up the map, the closest unexplored town was that of Thiers. It was a couple miles
away. If they left now, they would probably reach it by early afternoon. With that set, Ren
stood up as everyone began making their preparations – and nearly fell over as his sore,
exhausted legs gave out. Mash immediately moved to his side and caught him.
Ren took a breath to steady himself, then smiled at her. “Thanks Mash,” he said.

Mash gave a weak smile to Ren in return. “You push yourself too hard, senpai,” she replied
softly. “I… I hope I’m not unreliable.”
The Master blinked in surprise at that statement and shook his head. “No, not at all Mash,” he
quickly reassured her. He stood up straight, still feeling his sore and burning limbs. It was
better not to use his personas today if he could help it. If. “It’s a… bad habit of mine is all.”
She frowned. “A bad habit?” she repeated.
“Yeah,” he confirmed. “I’m not the sort to leave people in trouble. Not if there’s something I
can do about it. It’s my own fault, so don’t worry too much about it.”
Mash’s eyes widened. “Don’t… worry?” she repeated again. “Senpai, you were on the verge
of death. You’re last hope Chaldea – humanity – has. Mr. Morgana, the Servants, Roman, Da
Vinci, me, we were all worried about you!” She couldn’t prevent her voice from raising in
volume a bit. She bit back a comment and took a breath. “Please, senpai, I’m supposed to
protect you,” she whispered. “But I can’t protect you if you won’t protect yourself.”
She looked up at Ren and her eyes widened. For a split second, she thought she could see his
true self: Vulnerable, hurt, lonely, scared. Then once more, the mask descended on his face
and he gave her a rueful yet confident smile. “Right, right, bad thing to say,” he admitted
easily. “I’ll be more careful. Promise. Now, we should probably get this show on the road.”
Flashing her another smile, he stepped past her to grab his supplies and confer with the
Servants. They had a lot of ground to cover today.
Leaving behind a very worried Shielder.
---------The day passed by without too much of a hassle overall. However, with Ren’s condition, they
were moving at a slower pace than usual. Though there was no sign of the doppelganger or
any of her forces nearby, Archer continued to keep a careful watch while Saber, Siegfried,
and Mash formed a protective cordon around the two Masters. Jeanne was at the flank while
Marie and Mozart came up from behind. There were multiple times Ren asked if they could
pick up the pace, only to be met with a swift rebuttal about his condition.
And so they marched, stopping occasionally to allow for Ren and Morgana to rest and
recover. Roman checked in on Ren and his condition – and of course, had his round of
lambasting the Master as well. Ren could only sigh and nod. He had deserved this, after all.
The more he kept his head down, the sooner they could move on. There were more important
matters right now anyway. They needed to focus.
It was mid-afternoon when the town of Thiers came into view. From what they could see, the
town wasn’t as destroyed or run-down as the ones they had come across, but it was still clear
that it had been desolated overall. Ren frowned. Were there any survivors there after all?
Would they be able to gather information? His thoughts were interrupted by a burst of flame
erupting from the town. The Servants all stiffened, ready to draw their weapons.

Archer narrows his eyes at the town. “I see no signs of wyverns,” he announced. “Whatever’s
causing the flames, it’s something else.”
The communicator beeped once more. Ren tapped it, revealing Roman. “I’m detecting
readings of two rogue Servants ahead! You guys better be careful!” he cautioned them.
Ren nodded. “Thanks, Roman,” he said shortly before turning it off. He looked up to see
everyone staring in his direction for orders. “These are rogue Servants,” he explained. “We’re
going in to recruit them so no hostilities if we can help it. Stay together and no sudden
moves. If they know we’re coming, they’ll hopefully be more inclined to be friendly. Still,
don’t let your guards down.” The Servants all nodded and proceeded into the town. As they
approached the town square, they could hear two girls’ voices arguing and bickering. Nearby,
Mozart started shaking.
“Ah, that cacophony, that screeching,” he whimpered. “It only heralds pain and misery.
Masters, there’s no need to proceed, is there? Surely these Servants aren’t worth the assault
on one’s ears. Whoever these two are, they are no saints – religions would surely tumble if
they were objects of worship. We would be much better off without them, I should think.”
The two Masters only stared incredulously at him. Marie, however, stated their opinions
directly. “ Non, Amadeus,” she scolded. “They have made it clear we need the firepower by
any means necessary. If we are braving Hell itself, then it’s better to have as many allies as
possible, yes?” She flashed a beatific smile. “And they do say a man who braves Hell
deserves nothing but endless adulation, after all.”
Mozart blinked, then took a deep breath and nodded. “Ah, ah yes, you are right, Maria,” he
replied with a weak smile. “Though I do have the premonition that whatever Hell I shall be
subjected to will be considered paradise to what comes next.”
Everyone just looked at each other, shrugged, and kept going. The square was coming into
view, and although the town was for the most part deserted, they could see two girls
squabbling with each other. The first girl had long, hot pink hair, wearing a short dress with a
large, flared skirt and a considerable number of ruffles. However, her most prominent
features were the pair of black horns sticking out of her head and a black dragon-like tail that
flowed from underneath the skirt.
The other girl was shorter and slimmer, with long turquoise hair and striking yellow eyes.
She wore a white kimono with turquoise highlights and held a gold fan in her hand which she
held open in front of her mouth. A pair of snow white horns protruding from the sides of her
head, smaller than the first girl’s but still more than noticeable, a golden hair ornament tucked
neatly underneath them.
Ren and Morgana could only look between the two. Under normal circumstances, they’d ask
or consider it cosplay, but given all they had seen so far – from a female King Arthur to
Jeanne d’Arc to Marie Antoinette to ghouls and wyverns to a gigantic dragon… at this point,
it was better to assume they were real and work from there.
As for their argument…

“You! You, you, you!” The pink haired one screeched. “You cheeky squirrel from the East!”
The turquoise girl giggled. “Who’s the actual cheeky one?” she retorted, her gentle voice
laced with malice. “Do you think a failure like you can beat a true dragon like myself,
Elizabeth?”
The pink hair girl’s eyes widened with rage as she brandished her spear. “I’ll deal with
Carmilla later! You die first, you creepy stalker!” she screamed.
The other girl’s eyes narrowed behind her fan. “I’m not a creepy stalker. I’m a ‘spy who acts
as a bodyguard’. I, Kiyohime, am a woman who lives for love.”
“Your love violates human rights!”
“I don’t want to hear that from a pervert with a fetish for blood torture!”
The group could only look back and forth between the two arguing girls, nonplussed. They
had expected some sort of epic fight, not… this. “Um… how old are these girls?” Morgana
asked slowly.
“Age is rarely a relevant matter in the case of Servants, Master,” Saber replied with a
controlled expression. “But I will agree there is a… profound lack of maturity or urgency
from these two.”
“The two of them have declared themselves dragons, or at least associated with them,
though,” Siegfried pondered. “Still, I doubt these two have had anything to do with the
wyverns or Fafnir. They do not seem to be overall malicious, just… petty.”
Archer sighed. “Well, regardless, we’re here now,” he stated, already looking beyond done
with the situation. “We should do what we came here for in the first place.”
Ren nodded. He appreciated Archer keeping everyone on track. Still, looking over at the two
girls, he had a feeling this wasn’t going to be fun. He had seen similar kinds of fights every
once in a while in Shujin, but that usually didn’t involve two superhuman beings who would
skewer him, judging from that spear the pink haired one – Elizabeth – was wielding. “Mash,
Saber, back me up,” he said. “Everyone else, keep your distance but be ready at a moment’s
notice. Morgana, brief the others on that in case it’s necessary.”
Morgana nodded. “Got it, Joker,” he acknowledged. “You better stay safe this time.”
He simply smirked and waved before approaching the two. Mash and Saber followed.
Siegfried may have been a more fitting choice given he was a dragonslayer, but he was here
for negotiation, not to coerce or threaten them. Steeling his jumpy nerves, he flashed a
confident smile. “Didn’t think I’d see two lovely ladies here in a ruin,” he called out. “Tell
me, what brought you to this town?”
Both girls whirled toward Ren and he had to force himself not to back down from their fierce
glares, their wrath now redirected. “Stay out of this, puppy!” Elizabeth snarled.

“Recklessness and bravery aren’t the same,” Kiyohime admonished, frowning from
underneath her fan. “Are you stupid?”
Ren blinked and – to the surprise of both girls – chuckled. “Yeah, been getting that a lot
today,” Ren replied easily. “But let’s start from the top, shall we? I’m Ren Amamiya. A
Master at Chaldea. We’re an organization dedicated to getting the timeline restored, and in
this case, get France back on track. We need allies to help take down the doppelganger saint
that’s causing this ruckus here. So, will you come with us?”
The two girls glanced at each other, only slightly relaxing their poses. “He is well spoken if
nothing else,” Kiyohime noted to Elizabeth, to which she nodded. “And why should we do
such a thing?” she asked, raising her voice so she could be heard. “This is not our land.
Whatever quarrels you or the saint have is no business of ours.”
“Yeah!” Elizabeth piped up. “I dunno where you come from and frankly, I don’t care! Buzz
off and keep your nose out of our business, got it?!”
Ren chuckled once more. “Sorry but sticking my nose in things has kind of been my MO
since day one,” he replied. “But if that’s the case, what are you here for? You two stick out
like a sore thumb and considering how wyverns and a huge dragon have been terrorizing the
countryside, I don’t see you two being all too welcome around here. Why are you two
hanging around France?”
Elizabeth smirked and drew herself out, hands on her hips. “Well if you must know,” she
declared. “I’m looking to become an idol! I’ll attract an audience of thousands, no, tens of
thousands! As an idol, it doesn’t matter where I am! I’ll shine like a star and dazzle everyone,
and fans worldwide will cheer my name: Elizabeth Bathory!”
“Oh please, the only thing that’ll shine is your delusional ego,” Kiyohime snarked.
“What was that?!” Elizabeth declared.
“As for me,” Kiyohime continued, fully ignoring her compatriot. “I seek my Anchin-sama.
My love of my life who once lied to me. But he won’t. He won’t lie to me ever again, for he
loves and adores me, and I him. However, if there’s one thing I find utterly unforgivable, it is
lies.” Her eyes narrowed. “Will you lie to me, Ren Amamiya?”
“Pft, good luck finding your Anchin-sama in a dump like this,” Elizabeth scoffed. “And that’s
if he doesn’t run away screaming from you.”
“You should watch your mouth, you frilled-neck lizard,” Kiyohime growled.
“Wha – Japanese Rat Snake!”
“Mexican Bearded Lizard.”
“Sharp-nosed Viper!”
And just like that, the two fell into bickering again. Ren only heaved a long, drawn-out sigh.
“Well, it’s clear that you both have your own goals here,” he started, once more garnering the

attention of both Servants once more. “However, I think we could work toward some mutual
goals.”
He turned to Elizabeth. “You say you’re becoming an idol, right?” he asked. “Well, idols
need fame, after all, and need to hit it big. Right now, with everyone afraid of the fake saint,
they won’t be coming out to see your shows anytime soon. But imagine what would happen
if you helped defeat the fake saint who’s oppressing them. You’d be hailed as a hero and
worshipped. They’d be lining up to see you, with lines stretching for miles to see the one who
took down the false saint! I can’t see any better debut for an idol than that.” Elizabeth’s scowl
dwindled to a contemplative frown as she pondered Ren’s words.
“And as for your Anchin-sama,” he called out. “Searching for information while there are
wyverns and Servants pillaging and making a mess of the countryside isn’t conducive to any
info gathering. Not to mention if your Anchin-sama has hidden to keep himself safe, that’ll
make things even harder for you. Once everything is resolved, everyone will be coming out
of hiding, and worst case, it’ll at least give you a lot more people to ask for your Anchinsama.”
“True,” Kiyohime mused. “Anchin-sama is brave but not stupid. He would be taking shelter
from the wyverns and Servants running around.”
A moment later, the two girls nodded. “Very well, we see your reasoning,” Kiyohime said.
“We shall join your group as allies until the false saint is defeated, and part ways after that. Is
that reasonable?”
Ren smiled. “I don’t ask for anything more than that,” he replied earnestly.
Elizabeth grinned as she puffed her petite body out. “You know how to talk a good offer,
puppy!” she said. “The debut of Elizabeth Bathory is the saving of France from wyverns and
dragons and fake saints! Can’t get any bigger than that! Look out world, a new idol is coming
down to shine!” Then her smile froze and she looked at Ren with a serious expression. “On
one condition though!”
The Master knew it had been going too easy. But he smiled nevertheless. “And what would
that be?” he asked cordially.
“There’s a Servant that the false saint summoned,” she explained. “Tall, white hair, mask,
throws around iron maidens everywhere, and looks like an old hag. Have you seen her?”
That berserk Assassin the doppelganger had? She was rather unforgettable. Ren nodded.
Elizabeth nodded. “Good,” she stated. “She’s my target. She needs to die and it’ll be by my
spear, got it?”
Well, that was a surprising condition. Still, she was one of the Servants between them and the
doppelganger Servant. There shouldn’t be any problems with that. Ren smiled and nodded.
“You got yourself a deal, then, Elizabeth.”
The idol-to-be nodded with a grin. “Good! You better treat me right then!” she declared.

“I’m just glad you see things my way,” Ren replied. He raised his fingers and snapped.
Morgana and Jeanne came out of some buildings to their right side while Siegfried stepped
out from the left. Marie and Mozart came out from a slightly further distance away as Archer
jumped off a nearby roof he had been perched on and landed softly on the ground.
Both girl’s eyes widened as they looked back towards Ren. “Were we surrounded this whole
time?” Kiyohime asked incredulously. Her eyes narrowed as she snapped her fan closed.
“You seem to be a more dangerous man than you appear, Master of Chaldea,” she
murmured.
Ren simply shrugged. “Had to make sure things went accordingly. After all, I’ve no doubt
you two are as deadly as you are lovely.”
Elizabeth and Kiyohime immediately blushed and turned away. “Y-y-y-you should know
flattery won’t w-w-work on us, p-puppy!” she stammered.
“Y-you should be careful, Master of Chaldea,” Kiyohime added, trying to regain her
composure. “A philanderer like you may end up being scorched by a woman’s scorn if you
are not careful.”
He had to laugh. Yeah, he certainly dodged one or two bullets on that front back in Tokyo.
“Duly noted and thanks for the warning,” he replied easily.
Mash sighed as her shield disappeared from her hands, turned to Ren and beamed. “Excellent
negotiations, senpai!” she chirped. “Have you had a lot of experience in diplomacy and
mediation?”
Images of personas held by him and his friends at gunpoint flashed in his eyes momentarily.
Haranguing them for support, for money, or items as necessary. And that of a larger, slightly
disheveled man in a suit, a sash around him as he made his speeches on a box outside the
subway. His lessons with Yoshida in speechcraft. The politician had been the one man who
didn’t need the Phantom Thieves’ intervention. He navigated the political battlefield by
himself, defeated his own enemies and even gained allies from them. Last he heard, he had
been elected to the Diet thanks to his own efforts.
His fountain pen was still sitting on his desk at home. Shame he didn’t bring it.
Smiling in reminiscence, he looked back at Mash. “Experience, and I had a great teacher,” he
explained before walking off to meet the group.
Mash could only stare at the back of her senpai, biting her lip. Every step of the way, Ren
seemed to reveal more and more facets of himself. She already made the promise to keep up,
but the gap seemed hard to surmount. Once this singularity was done, she needed to put more
effort into her studies and training. She may not stand equal to him, but she would improve so
she could stand by him one day. She just hoped the gap didn’t widen even further.
With that, she joined the others. They had two more Servants on their side. Now they needed
to find a saint.

Chapter End Notes

Here's the Discord link once more:
https://discord.gg/nkEq4XTA

Chapter 22: Georgios
Chapter Summary

Encountering a dragonslaying saint is the less exciting event for the day.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Things had gone well overall. The two Servants who joined them – who had introduced
themselves as Lancer Elizabeth Bathory and Berserker Kiyohime – affirmed they weren’t
saints, but the latter had encountered one heading west. Checking the map, they found the
port town of Bordeaux lay in that direction. They didn’t have any better leads at any rate, so
that would be their destination. With any luck, they would encounter the saint there and begin
preparations.
Regaining momentum, however, was difficult. Elizabeth and Kiyohime were rather
temperamental overall. More than once, Mash or Saber had to step in to break up their
squabbles, and as soon as they got close to Siegfried, they immediately started panicking
about the famed dragonslayer. It took a great amount of diplomacy from both Ren and Saber
to get them to calm down.
Turns out having Rank B in Charisma helped considerably in smoothing things over.
There was also the fact that Ren needed to rest. The march to Thiers had depleted more of his
stamina than he expected. And even though Ren insisted once again he was fine, Morgana
was the first and most adamant in insisting Ren took a break. Archer agreed, pointing out that
magic circuit overuse wasn’t something that could simply be shrugged off. And so Ren sat at
one of the benches that was still whole, while the other Servants either milled about or kept
watch.
However, as he observed everyone, Ren could quickly notice certain details that Kiyohime
and Elizabeth were missing, the latter on account of her ego and the former on account of her
madness. The other Servants seemed a bit more tense around them. Marie was perhaps the
only one who openly talked with them but even then, the cowardly Mozart was always
nearby, keeping an eye out. Ren racked his brain until he remembered their legends:
Elizabeth Bathory, an infamous serial killer countess who drained young maidens’ blood and
bathed in it as a method of preserving her beauty, and Kiyohime, the dragon who had fallen
in love with a young monk, incinerated him in a bell when he didn’t see her again, and
drowned herself in the bottom of a river. It just cemented in Ren’s mind that the Throne of
Heroes didn’t encapsulate just ‘heroes’. It seemed to have a wide variety of characters there.

He frowned as he came to this realization. There were certain lines that as a Phantom Thief,
he didn’t and couldn’t cross. And there were certain kinds of people that they would go for
and change their hearts. He checked briefly with the Metaverse app, and sure enough, both of
them had Palaces. Had things been different, if he had his friends with him, they were
precisely the type that they would change the hearts of. A serial killer and an obsessed
dragon… it certainly put people like Okumura and Shido in a different context.
Ren closed his eyes as he took some breaths to steady himself. He quietly put his phone to
sleep before slipping it back into his pocket. Dwelling on this wasn’t healthy. He stood by
what he said: They needed allies and it may be convenience that draws them for now, but
they could still help.
Still, he had to wonder. Akechi became a murderer because of his harsh life and because of
Shido. He had even admitted that if they had met earlier, they could’ve been rivals, or even
actual friends. Elizabeth seemed to show no inclination towards wanting blood, instead
working towards being an idol. Odd but definitely far more benign in comparison. As for
Kiyohime, she seemed to be polite enough, her obsession with Anchin-sama notwithstanding.
If their tales turned out different, if they were raised to be better people, then how would
things have changed…?
He smiled bitterly to himself. If that was the case, then they probably wouldn’t have their
legends and wouldn’t be here in the first place. It was something he had to get used to.
“How are you holding up, Joker?”
Ren glanced over to see Morgana walking up to him. Hopping up onto the bench and sitting
down beside him, he followed Ren’s gaze. “They sure are… colorful characters, I can say
that much,” Morgana commented.
“That’s one way to put it,” Ren murmured, scoffing. He was silent for a moment, pondering.
“Hey, Morgana?”
“What’s up?”
“Do you think we’re doing the right thing here?” he asked slowly. “I don’t mind Archer or
Saber or even Lancer and Rider. There were circumstances of their times and not everyone’s
perfect.” He nodded to the two girls – Elizabeth was very unsuccessfully trying to convince
Mozart to be her music coach while Kiyohime was asking if Archer was her Anchin-sama
(which he fervently denied). “But those two. They have Palaces, and if we saw them back in
Japan, we’d be trying to change their hearts without a doubt. Just…” He shook his head. “No,
never mind, it’s stupid,” he muttered. “Forget I said anything.”
Morgana took a moment to think and in turn sighed. “I know how you feel, Ren,” Morgana
agreed glumly. “If it were anything like usual, we’d be taking them down and getting them to
confess their crimes. But things aren’t really all that usual right now.” He gestured with a paw
at their surroundings. “I mean, we’re here in medieval France surrounded by heroes, villains,
and whatever’s in between in myths and legends, trying to save – or recover – all of
humanity. I don’t think we can afford to be picky.”

He sat back, looking up at the mostly clear sky. “Though I’ll agree with you, it’s definitely
not a great option – it’s just the only option,” he murmured. “Backs to the wall, you do
whatever you can to win or just live, even if you gotta work with people you hate.” Morgana
gave a wry grin. “I mean, just look at me and Ryuji.”
That caused Ren to burst out laughing. Morgana started laughing as well. “I-I don’t think itit’s quite the same, Mona,” he replied between chuckles.
“Oh, s-says you, Joker!” his best friend exclaimed, still laughing. “Th-that ape wouldn’t
know c-common sense if it l-landed on his h-head! H-he can’t even appreciate a g-good
coffee!”
The two bantered back and forth, poking fun at their mutual teammate and friend,
occasionally drawing glances from the other Servants, particularly Mash. Eventually, their
laughter dwindled into small giggles and chuckles, smiles still etched on their faces. “Good, I
got you to laugh,” Morgana commented with relief.
Ren glanced over in askance. “It’s been a tough week for us, overall,” Morgana admitted.
“With… well, everything going on, I haven’t really seen you smile. Not genuinely, anyway.
And, I haven’t been feeling exactly great myself either. It’s just been the two of us, after all.”
He wrung his paws as he looked down on the ground. “We’re fighting to get them back and I
know we will. We have you, our amazing leader, and of course me, but even so, things are so
different now.”
The two sat in silence for a bit, pondering his words. Then Morgana stood up, paws on his
hips. “Still, that doesn’t mean we can give up, right?” he exclaimed. “After all we’ve been
through, all we’ve fought, it’d be a shame if we let our legends end here!” He grinned
broadly. “And who knows, maybe in the end, we’ll be joining the ranks of all these heroes!
What other fitting ending would there be for us, huh?”
The leader of the Phantom Thieves laughed. “As long as the ending’s a good one,” he pointed
out. “Imagine if we died by, say, an eagle dropping a tortoise on my head. At the very least,
it’d be a memorable way to go!”
Morgana gaped at Ren. “Wait, did that actually happen?” he asked.
“Oh, definitely,” Ren replied, his grin spreading. “It was an ancient Greek tale. A guy had an
oracle tell him his death came from above while he was indoors. He ended up staying
paranoid and staying outdoors as much as he could. Then one day, an eagle carrying a
tortoise mistook his bald head as a rock and dropped the tortoise. Killed him on the spot.”
The catlike being stared at Ren with his mouth hanging open, then glared at his friend. “You
completely made that up!” he growled. “And he didn’t even die indoors like the oracle said!
He was outdoors! How else would an eagle see his head?!”
Ren grinned as he leaned back against the wall behind him. “Well, it IS a Greek myth,” he
pointed out as he reached over to pet Morgana’s head. “Gotta take these things with a grain of
salt, Morgana.”

Morgana growled, trying to suppress his purrs as he was being petted. “Ugh, well, you’re
definitely feeling better now, I can tell,” he muttered. Still, a tiny bit of the stress from the last
couple days had faded away. Not nearly enough to deal with everything, but it was better than
nothing.
---------After an hour or so, they were back on the march. Elizabeth was loud and proud up front,
with Kiyohime keeping a good distance away from everyone else. Other than that, everyone
resumed the positions they had earlier, surrounding the Masters in a protective formation.
The hours passed by swiftly and soon, the sun was setting as they reached the town of
Bordeaux.
Archer narrowed his eyes as he looked ahead. “There’s people there,” he noted. “Refugees,
seemingly. I don’t see any clear sign of a saint though.”
“Well, we better send someone to ask for information, then,” Morgana replied.
Elizabeth grinned. “Leave it to me, kitty!” she declared. “A dazzling idol like me will leave
them speechless, and they’ll spill all their latest gossip to me in no time!”
Morgana bristled but before he could retort, Ren raised a hand. “Probably not a good idea,
Elizabeth,” he said. “With your horns and tail, people might get the wrong impression of you.
And if there’s one thing I know about idols, it’s that a bad reputation is almost impossible to
shake off.”
The Lancer blinked in surprise before glancing up at her horns and down at her tail. She
deflated. “W-well, I can always make up for it with my charisma, puppy!” she snapped,
though she sounded a bit less confident than just a moment ago.
Ren smiled placatingly. “I’ve no doubt about that, but it’s better not to take any chances,” he
replied. “Same with you, Kiyohime. I don’t think they would trust foreigners easily either.
It’s probably best to wait here just in case.”
“And what if Anchin-sama is down there?” she asked, her eyes flashing dangerously. “I will
not have anyone interfere with my search for him, even if it means forsaking our alliance.”
The Master shrugged. “If the townspeople figure out your Anchin-sama is associated with
you, do you think he’d be any safer?” Kiyohime opened her mouth to reply, but Ren raised a
hand. “And even if you did protect him, where could you go and shelter him? The town is his
best bet, and once we’re done here, you can go in at your leisure and search for him. It’ll be
safer for him overall.”
Kiyohime glared at Ren above her fan, then closed her eyes. “You make a valid point, Ren
Amamiya,” she admitted. “Very well. Out of the possible safety of Anchin-sama, I shall
withhold myself from entering.” Ren smiled gratefully in return.
“So, it falls to me once more, then?” Marie chirped, stepping forward. “Not to worry! I shall
collect information and be back forthwith! Au revoir!” With that, she merrily walked towards

the town of Bordeaux. Archer kept an eye on her and the town in case any of them needed to
interfere. Meanwhile, Ren sat down, taking a deep breath as he relaxed against a tree.
Morgana sat beside him with Mash taking his other side.
Ren glanced over at Bordeaux, then took out his phone and took a picture of the town with
the setting sun. Both Mash and Morgana glanced over at the shot. “Heh, that’s postcard
quality, Joker,” Morgana complimented.
“Yes, it’s very nicely done,” Mash agreed with a bright smile.
"Sometimes, you gotta appreciate the little things,” he replied. He glanced over to Mash.
“Wanna see some pics of Japan?”
Mash blinked in surprise, then nodded enthusiastically. “Oh, yes please, senpai!” Ren grinned
as he opened the gallery.
And almost immediately regretted it.
He had taken countless pictures while he had been in Tokyo. Of small things, of landmarks,
maybe just a shot he found nice. But the large majority of pictures were those of his friends
and confidants. They were all smiling, doing their best, living their life how they wished.
And every single one of them was gone. He wanted to close the gallery, but Mash was beside
him, her eyes practically gleaming at this little window to the outside world. As much as he
grieved, he couldn’t disappoint her.
However, one friend noticed his hesitation. Morgana laid a paw on Ren’s lap. Glancing over,
their eyes met. Morgana nodded in simple solidarity. Right. They both had lost everything.
But regardless, they would stick by each other.
Deciding to shelve his grief for now, he scrolled through some pictures. He stopped at one.
“Here’s me, doing the Big Bang Burger challenge,” he explained as he opened it up.
Mash’s eyes widened. “How on – that is a massive burger, senpai,” she gasped. Indeed, Ren
was grasping a burger that was about the size of a large dinner plate, with the thickness of his
forearm. Ren’s expression was that of visible dread as he stared at the massive thing before
him.
Ren chuckled. “Oh, this is nothing,” he reassured her. “That’s just the Comet Burger. The Big
Bang Burger challenge is three different burgers. You have to complete each one – thankfully
on different days – and they’re all bigger than the last.” He scrolled to another picture. Here,
Ren was with a girl with red hair, tied up in a ponytail. In front of each of them was a burger
that reached up to Ren’s face, sitting down.
In short, it was a towering monster of a burger that even gods would tremble at. Both Ren
and the girl were looking at the burger with equal amounts of awe and dread.
Mash felt a stab through her chest at seeing the girl, though she wasn’t sure why. “Who’s that
girl, senpai?” she asked, looking at her curiously.

“That’s Sumire,” he explained. Though his heart hurt more when talking about her, he
couldn’t help but smile in reminiscence. “She’s my kouhai. Calls me senpai all the time. You
kind of remind me of her in that way to be honest.” Mash looked over in surprise, though Ren
hadn’t noticed. “She was a gymnast. She had some confidence issues but she grew out of
them and became something really special. I think she could even make it to the Olympics
with the way she was going.”
“She’s very pretty,” Mash murmured.
Ren chuckled. “She is,” he agreed. “She got hit on a lot – I once had to help fend off a creep
during a school trip. But she’s made of some stern stuff underneath once you get to know her.
The only thing greater than her will was her appetite." He flicked to the next image. The
plates were empty with only crumbs remaining. Ren was sprawled on the table, the only sign
of his victory a thumbs up. Beside him, however, Sumire was smiling cheerfully at the
camera, holding up the medal she won from the challenge. “She burns a lot of calories via
exercise,” he explained.
Mash nodded distractedly. “Did… did you like her, senpai?” she asked quietly. She dreaded
the answer but wanted to hear it regardless.
The Master blinked in surprise at her question, hesitated, then shook his head. “She confessed
to me at one point, but I turned her down,” he replied. He looked over at the picture and
smiled fondly. “She had big dreams and big goals. And I just wasn’t ready to commit to a
relationship. I would’ve tied her down a bit too much. She thanked me anyway for answering
her.”
The stabbing pain she felt was immediately soothed by relief when she heard Ren’s answer,
which shocked her considerably. She remembered what Mozart had called her: A maiden in
love. Was that perhaps more true than she expected? Maybe Roman or Da Vinci would know.
Her contemplation was interrupted as Marie came walking back up, but with someone else in
tow. It was a taller man, with fair features and flowing brown hair. He was clad in bronze
armor, with a dragon head pauldron on his right shoulder. He wore a cloak that covered his
other shoulder – white with the emblem of a red cross. He cut a noble figure as he strode
towards the group. Ren stowed his phone away as the three immediately stood up, walking
towards the approaching Servants. As they approached, the knight’s eyes widened as his eyes
fell upon Jeanne, his hand reaching for the sword on his waist, before lowering it a second
later.
“Bonjour, my friends!” Marie called out merrily, waving. “This charming town here is
currently where refugees are staying for now. And who should I find but this gentleman, the
saint we are looking for! Might I introduce you to Saint Georgios, the famed dragonslayer?”
The knight – Saint Georgios – stepped forward and bowed. “A pleasure to meet you all,” he
replied, smiling. “As Miss Marie- “
“I thought I told you to just call me Marie,” said Servant pouted.

“Marie, my apologies,” Georgios amended himself. “As Marie told you, I am Georgios, a
Rider class Servant.” He glanced over to Jeanne and nodded deeply in her direction. “When I
first saw you, I suspected that the Dragon Witch herself had come and it was a trap,” he
admitted easily. “Do forgive my suspicions of you.”
Jeanne smiled kindly in return. “There’s nothing to forgive,” she replied. “Your vigilance is
likely how the refugees have stayed safe thus far. Thank you for protecting my people.”
“The honor is mine, Lady Jeanne,” he replied, causing the girl to stutter. He looked over to
Kiyohime. “I hear that you are seeking a man called ‘Anchin-sama’, miss?” Georgios asked.
Kiyohime’s eyes widened, then nodded. “Yes. Have you seen him?”
Georgios shook his head. “I’ve been accounting for any and all refugees who have come to
Bordeaux, but I have no recollection of an ‘Anchin-sama’ or anyone who goes by a similar
name,” he replied. “My apologies.”
The dragon girl’s eyes narrowed for a second before nodding. “Very well, I can see you speak
no lies,” Kiyohime acceded. “As befitting a saint. I shall resume my search for Anchin-sama
after matters have been resolved here.”
The dragonslaying saint nodded. He did a double take when he saw Morgana. “What…
manner of creature are you?” he asked, nonplussed.
Morgana scowled. “Well, that’s rude!” he snapped. “You don’t just ask someone what they
are! And for that matter, I’m a cat! The finest cat you’ll ever meet! And my name is
Morgana!”
George just blinked several times, then bowed slightly. “My apologies,” he replied. “Your
appearance caught me by surprise. I should’ve maintained my decorum.” Standing back up,
he looked over at the group. “Now, I believe you wish to march on Orleans,” he stated.
“There should be much to discuss. Come, I shall see to your stay tonight and we may make
plans as necessary.”
“Might have to put a hold on that,” Archer called out, summoning his bow. “We’ve got
incoming. It’s Fafnir. And… no one else. No Servants, wyverns, or anything. Not even the
doppelganger. Just Fafnir.”
That news caught Ren off guard. Only the dragon? Was this some sort of trap? Well, they still
had to deal with the fact that the dragon was on his way here. “Marie, Mozart, Saber!” he
barked. “Get to the town and secure the townspeople! Keep an eye out for anyone else
approaching!” The three Servants nodded and without another word immediately darted
toward the town.
He turned to the others. “Archer, provide cover and watch for ambushes!” he ordered, then
the sound of a massive pair of wings beating the air started to become audible. He scowled.
“We need to get its attention and get it away from the town. Archer, hate to ask you this
again, but can you-“

Before Ren could finish that sentence, Siegfried rushed forward, summoning his legendary
sword. Standing on top of a small hill a distance away, he could see the gigantic shape of the
dragon blotting out the evening sky. “FAFNIR!” he roared. His powerful voice carried
through the air, causing the dragon to stop where it was and roar in defiance. “It’s been a long
time, my old foe,” he called out. “Where I am summoned, you always follow. Come, face me
once more, Fafnir! And I shall slay you like I have done so before!”
Ren could only gape as Siegfried immediately grabbed the dragon’s attention – and more
importantly, away from the town – and only chuckled. It seems some heroes indeed lived up
to their hype after all. He quickly looked over at the remaining Servants: Georgios, Jeanne,
Elizabeth, Kiyohime, Archer, and of course, Mash.
“Archer, like I said, provide cover and watch for ambushes,” he said. “Georgios, you’re also
a dragonslayer, right? Head up with Siegfried and take the front. Mona, Jeanne, Kiyohime,
take the left flank. Mash, Elizabeth, with me – we’re heading to the right. It’s showtime!”
Jeanne, Mash, Archer, and Georgios immediately nodded with the latter two darting off to
their positions. Ren, Mash, and Jeanne also took off towards their own. “Come on, you two!”
Morgana yelled at the two girls. Elizabeth and Kiyohime floundered for a second before the
former caught up with Ren and Mash while the latter followed Morgana. As they moved, the
dragon roared and descended, landing hard on the ground as his wings threw up a massive
dust cloud and buffeted the air. Ren raised an arm to block off the wind and dust from his
face as he continued to run.
The dragon seemed to have only eyes for Siegfried, allowing everyone to move into their
positions easily. Roaring, it slammed a claw down at him, an attack the dragonslayer
nonchalantly predicted and moved aside. Bringing up Balmung, he made two swift slashes at
the claw, the blade slicing cleanly through its scales and digging into flesh and sinew, causing
the dragon to roar in pain and rage. As it raised its claw again to sweep, Georgios charged in,
slashing at its other foot. His longsword cut deep and put him out of the claw’s reach, while
Siegfried leaped backward to dodge it.
On Fafnir’s left flank, Mash moved in front of Ren and Elizabeth as its great tail flicked over,
smashing against her shield. “I really hope you know what you’re doing, puppy!” Elizabeth
called out, scowling at the dragon.
Ren grinned. “So do I,” he replied cheekily. “Hit him in the flanks – the belly should be
softer!” He switched his personas and tore off his metaphorical mask once more as Elizabeth
rushed in with her spear.
“Pixie!”
With a flash of blue flame, the diminutive blue fairy appeared beside him. He waited until
Elizabeth lunged forward with her spear, piercing Fafnir’s hide. As she backed off, Pixie
pointed at the stab wound. Bolts of lightning arched and lanced through the wound, giving off
the smell of burning meat. Elizabeth looked back and her eyes widened at seeing the little
fairy beside Ren. Distracted as she was, she didn’t see Fafnir spin around shrieking with pain
and rage and smack her aside with a claw, sending her flying a considerable distance.

“Elizabeth!” Ren called out. With a mental command, Pixie pointed at the fallen Lancer. A
green light surrounded her as she got up. Elizabeth quickly noted that despite just getting
swatted aside by a great dragon, her wounds were rapidly healing. Her eyes went wide as
saucers as she looked at Ren. “What kind of magecraft is that?!” she demanded.
“Less talking, more fighting!” Morgana yelled from the other side of the dragon. All three of
them ducked as Fafnir swung around, his tail flying over their heads. As Siegfried and
Georgios charged back in to gain the dragon’s attention once more, Morgana, Jeanne, and
Kiyohime were facing the left flank of Fafnir. They could see the charred area where Ren had
used lightning.
“Zorro!”
The musketeer Persona appeared once more in a flash of blue flame. Tracing a pattern with
his rapier, three multicolored pillars of light flashed around Jeanne. Jeanne blinked as she felt
her body lighten, with a faint aura around her own body. “My thanks, Morgana!” she cried
gratefully as she charged in. Moving a good deal faster than she had before, she roared as she
stabbed into the wound the others had made, her flag sinking deeper into it.
Fafnir roared in pain, but before he could turn around again, Siegfried sank his sword into his
belly while Georgios hacked away at its claw, once more drawing the dragon’s attention.
Jeanne pulled out her flag and moved away as the dragon turned once more, bleeding
profusely from the spot. Fafnir’s mouth parted as infernal power gathered from within, when
an explosion struck the side of its jaw, causing it to misfire a stream of flames that torched the
countryside and lit some distant trees on fire. That brief instant of dragonfire was enough for
Ren and Morgana to cover their faces from the sheer heat it emanated.
Spreading its wings, Fafnir flapped them, buffeting everyone with a near-hurricane gust as it
took off, narrowly missing Georgios’s head with one of its claws as it passed. Flying in a
loop, its maw opened once more with flame. Before it could do anything, more explosions
struck its flank, causing it to roar in anger at the direction it came from. Kiyohime fired a
flurry of fireballs which were joined by a gust of wind from Zorro, causing them to rocket
and splash against Fafnir’s throat and head. However, the dragon was still set on its trajectory
as Fafnir opened its mouth wider…
“Succubus!”
A nubile, blonde young woman with devil wings and tail appeared now, dressed in a backless
black leotard, long black gloves, and high-heeled boots. Blowing a kiss towards the rapidly
approaching dragon, dark energy wrapped around the Fafnir. Its eyes suddenly wavered and
closed as the flames faded from its mouth.
That, however, didn’t change the fact that it was on a direct course for a crash landing straight
for them.
Eyes widening, all the Servants quickly began running out of the way, Siegfried grabbing
Morgana’s head while Mash picked up Ren. They only just managed to clear as Fafnir
smashed right into the ground, his body carving and dragging a large furrow into the

meadow, bulldozing up dirt, grass, and trees. Thankfully it was away from Bordeaux, though
the sound and shock of the impact carried far through the air and ground.
“Huh, didn’t think that’d work,” Ren commented, his grin only belied by the shaking in his
limbs from sheer panic and adrenaline. “You can put me down now, Mash.”
Mash blinked, then blushed. In her rush to get Ren away, she had picked him up in a princess
carry as part of her trained reflexes. She hurriedly but gently put him down. “Right, of
course, senpai,” she stated. Trying to change the topic, she looked over to the dragon. “Um…
what did you do?”
Ren glanced at her, then turned with a smirk back at Fafnir. “I put him to sleep,” he explained
simply. “Succubus is handy for things like that. Honestly, I wasn’t sure if her skills would
work on something like a dragon or Servant, but it seemed to have done the job here.” Sure
enough, despite the rough landing, the dragon remained sprawled in its self-made trench, its
thunderous snores vibrating through the air. “Still, it’s not going to work for long and will
wake up as soon as we attack it, so we better hit it with something hard.”
The two dragonslayers stepped forward. “Please, leave it to us, Master,” Siegfried offered as
he raised his blade, Georgios doing the same. “I apologize you needed to trouble yourself
thus far, but you have given us a grand opportunity to finish the dragon once and for all.”
Saint Georgios nodded. “Indeed,” he agreed. “Our Noble Phantasms will suffice to slay the
beast. I require to be at close range to utilize mine. What of yours?”
Siegfried considered with a frown. “It takes the form of a massive blast of light,” he replied.
“You would be in its blast radius and I am uncertain I will be able to down Fafnir in one
strike.”
The dragonslaying saint nodded. “Have no fear, then – I shall go first,” he offered. “I will
charge in with my steed to strike and retreat. After that, you should have the window to
annihilate the dragon as you see fit.”
Nodding, Siegfried helped up Balmung. “I thank you for your bravery, Georgios,” he replied
gratefully. “In that case, let us be rid of this wyrm once and for all. O sword, let thee be
filled.” His prana began spiking as he twisted the handle. The gem in the handle gleamed
before a gigantic beam of blue light erupted from the blade of his sword. Ren and Morgana
had to look away from the dazzling light as the air around them began blowing from the
sheer power.
Georgios, undeterred, charged forward. “Bayard!” he called out. Out of nowhere, a white
steed draped in dark armor and heraldry raced forward. Jumping up, Georgios mounted his
horse as he held his sword at the ready.
“Thou dragon of sin, fall before my righteousness!” George intoned. As they approached
Fafnir, Georgios swung his sword across, cleaving a long horizontal cut that glowed brightly
in the evening darkness. Fafnir snapped awake with a roar, but Georgios was not done.
Backflipping off Baynard, he swung his sword down as he descended, making a similar

vertical cut. As he thrust into the intersection of the two cuts, his blade radiated power as it
sank deep into Fafnir. The dragonslayer saint roared the name of his Noble Phantasm.

“Ascalon!”

Bayard wheeled around and Georgios quickly mounted up as Fafnir collapsed in pain from
his attack. It could only look up at the beam of light from its hated archenemy, recognizing its
power. It roared in defiance, but it was too weak, too wounded, and more importantly, too
late.

“Now fall – Balmung!”

The beam of light descended on the dragon, its roars turning to shrieks as the Noble
Phantasm’s power eradicated its very existence. Its body dissolved under the might of
Balmung, weakened by Georgios’s Ascalon. Before long, the only thing that remained was
the burned path of Balmung’s power, the carved furrow from Fafnir’s crash, and Fafnir’s
head on the grass, slowly fading away.
Everyone took a breath to process what happened before the communicator blinked once
more. Ren picked up and blinked with surprise to see it was Da Vinci as opposed to Roman.
“Ren! Grab Fafnir’s fangs before they disappear!” she ordered, her eyes a bit frenzied.
Ren blinked with surprise, then ran forward before he could stop himself. Morgana and Mash
ran alongside him, and they were soon at Fafnir’s head. Ren grabbed the fang and pulled as
hard as he could – to no avail. Mash moved beside him, put her hands on the fang as well and
pulled. With a heave and a roar, the fang popped out of Fafnir’s mouth. It was a massive
thing, easily reaching up to Ren’s thigh when embedded on the ground.
The Master of Chaldea had to grin. “Great job, guys,” he said to Mash and Morgana before
turning towards the Servants, who had caught up. “All of you.”
The great dragon Fafnir was dead. Now they had a straight shot to Orleans.

Chapter End Notes

Discord link here. Join the fun!
https://discord.gg/nkEq4XTA

Chapter 23: The Calm
Chapter Summary

Plans are made, fish are caught

Chapter Notes

Happy Thanksgiving, everyone. Have a chapter.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Fafnir’s head faded more slowly than expected so they managed to extract a few more fangs
before it faded completely. Setting up the shield, they transferred the fangs over to Da Vinci,
while Chaldea in turn resupplied them. Everyone in the vicinity did their level best to avoid
noticing just how giddy the Caster was being – especially Romani who was right beside her
as she cooed over the new materials. But still, Ren and Morgana trusted Da Vinci enough to
have something decent in mind for those fangs. Probably.
With that, they made their way back to Bordeaux, where Saber was at the front to greet them,
her sword in hand. Her, Marie, and Mozart had shepherded the townspeople and refugees into
the various buildings before patrolling and keeping an eye out for any other invaders.
Surprisingly enough, there was none. Archer had reported he didn’t see any other signs of
movement either, not even a spy. Fafnir had truly come alone.
“But that makes no sense,” Morgana mulled as he stared at the map. The group had set
themselves up in a former noble’s house on the second floor and were in the study. The
building itself was relatively unharmed, making it a good shelter overall. The first floor was
occupied by refugees and the injured. There was some panic when everyone saw Jeanne but
settled down with Georgios’s reassurances. “Why would Fafnir have been sent here by
himself without any backup or plan? Even if it was the doppelganger, she would’ve sent
swarms of wyverns and Servants with him.”
“It’s possible that she didn’t send Fafnir at all,” Archer pointed out, frowning. “So far, we
haven’t seen any activity from the doppelganger. Even wyvern sightings have been sparse to
none. It’s possible she may have been consolidating her strength at Orleans and Fafnir simply
got impatient.”
“I can agree with that,” Siegfried replied. “Fafnir was never known for his patience. Most
likely with my presence he decided to make a move, the doppelganger’s orders or no.”

“There has been less wyvern and monster sightings as of late, much to the relief of the
refugees,” Georgios added. “However, I feared it was simply the calm before the storm.” He
pointed to Orleans, a couple miles to the northeast from Bordeaux. “With Orleans here, it
would be trivial of her to amass her forces and send them anywhere she wished. What amazes
me is that she hadn’t done so before. Something must have seriously unnerved her for her to
reconsider her original rampage.”
At those words, Morgana, Archer, Saber, Jeanne, Marie, Mozart, and Mash all slowly turned
towards Ren. The others followed their gazes and also turned toward the Master, who had
been sitting on a couch, resting his head against the back. He opened one eye and waved.
“My fault, sorry about that,” he admitted ruefully.
Siegfried, Georgios, Elizabeth, and Kiyohime (the former had been lying down on another
couch kicking her feet and the latter was sitting on the furthest side away from her) all stared
at Ren still. Kiyohime narrowed her eyes beneath her fan. “As I stated before, Master of
Chaldea, you seem to be far more dangerous than you appear,” she murmured.
Ren just chuckled as the ones who had been with him the longest sighed in deep
exasperation. “Unfortunately, there is not much we can do about it at this point,” Jeanne said,
looking back at the map. “But it is thanks to His grace and Ren that more people have been
spared as a result. We’ve accumulated as many allies as we can muster at this point. It’s time
to march on Orleans.”
“Indeed, though it would be best if we had a plan of attack before we do,” Saber mused. “The
area around Orleans is flat all around, meaning we could approach from any angle.
Conversely, however, it means we have no cover should the doppelganger decide to send her
wyverns out. Numbers are not something we have on our side, nor is power. I do not doubt
your strength.” She looked pointedly towards the two dragonslayers. “However, if Orleans
truly is crawling with wyverns and Servants, it may not be enough.”
The mood was dampened as everyone mulled over the prospect. They had accumulated a
good corps of Servants, but even then they were facing an enemy with perhaps unlimited
resources. Even if they threw everything at the doppelganger, there was the all-too-likely
possibility that they would exhaust themselves and be easy pickings in turn, depending on
how quickly she could recover. Not to mention, at minimum she still had three Servants at
her call: Sanson, Carmilla, and D’Eon, and possibly summoned more since then.
The silence was broken as Marie clapped her hands together. “Come now, we’ve all had a
long day,” she commented with a gentle smile. “Perhaps a good night’s rest is what is need.
We can continue to discuss like generals in the morning, non ? Even in war, there is always a
time for peace, after all.”
Jeanne blinked in surprise, then smiled. “Yes, you speak truly, Marie,” she acceded, stepping
away from the table. “It is perhaps better we rested and recovered. The sun has only just set,
however. I shall see to the refugees and give what aid and succor I can. They have
experienced considerable tragedy by my doppelganger’s hands, and I wish to relieve them.”
“I shall join you, then,” Georgios added, stepping forward. “A few of the refugees may need
a bit more reassurance that you are not the Dragon Witch, and two saints working in tandem

should be more beneficial than just one.”
Chuckling a bit, Jeanne nodded gratefully to Georgios. “A fair argument,” she acknowledged.
With that, the two stepped out of the room and went downstairs.
“If we’re dismissed for the evening, then I shall keep watch,” Archer casually stated. “It’d be
best we weren’t ambushed in case we misread the situation.” Turning on his heel, he strode
out as well.
Ren gave a weak chuckle. “Well, guess we should all take some R and R, then,” he
murmured as he stood up from the couch. “I’m gonna head out for a walk. It’s a nice night
for it anyway. I’ll catch you guys later.” He strode out as well, descending down the stairs. He
glanced over to see Jeanne kneeling beside one of the refugees – an older woman – gently
grasping her hand and their heads bowed in prayer. He didn’t see Georgios but was sure he
heard his voice further down the house.
As he stepped out, he saw a few torches were being lit for illumination as villagers started to
head home for the night. He smiled as he walked.
A nice night indeed.
—------A rustic town like this, with a serene feel to it and a picturesque view. A quiet river ran
through the town, with acres of farmland stretching on and on. It felt like a place one could
get away from the troubles of the world, live a more simply life overall compared to the
hustle and bustle of a city. A perfect getaway for those who wished to lived simpler lives in
simpler days.
So why the hell is an idol like her in such a ramshackle, miserable little hole?!
Elizabeth tromped through the towns in a foul mood. She had thought to set up a concert
here, get word of her out where people had gathered the most, but she had been shooed out
by the girl Saber and the Saints for suggesting it. Apparently they needed ‘peace and quiet’?
What nonsense. They haven’t even heard her sing! One song would be all that was needed to
change their minds, but they no, they turned her out like some unscrupulous squirrel! Oh, she
was fuming!
She thought to soothe her nerves by heading into town and setting up a concert there, but no.
Everyone immediately bolted indoors at the sight of her! Or rather, they were doing so
anyway but only did so faster when they saw her! Her tail lashed about angrily as she
stomped through the dirt streets. That damn puppy had been making such a big deal about
using her savior credentials here to make a big debut as an idol, but so far, nothing! Didn’t
they see her fighting against that ginormous dragon?! They should be heaping adulation and
praise for her heroism!
As she moved through the town, a figure caught her eye. It was that Master from Chaldea –
the human one – over at a small dock nearby. As she marched to him to give him a piece of

her mind, she noticed that he was… fishing? She had to wonder where he found the fishing
rod. It was probably lying nearby. Well, no matter. What did she care?
“Hey, puppy!” she demanded. Without turning around, the Master held up a hand to silence
her. She froze, not out of respect for his wishes but at the sheer nerve and audacity to tell her
to be quiet. Before she could shout another word, however, the fishing rod began bending
forward as something tugged at the line. He began pulling at the rod this way and that,
drawing at Elizabeth’s curiosity as he played and fought with the fish.
With a massive heave, he pulled up the fish, still wriggling on the hook. The puppy looked it
over, sighed, unhooked the fish, and released it back into the water.
Elizabeth blinked with surprise. “Wha – all that effort and you just let it go?” she asked,
incredulous.
Ren shrugged. “It was too small,” he replied simply. “Gotta let them go so they can grow
bigger and reproduce. Besides, pretty sure I can snag something else anyway.” As he walked,
he grabbed another worm from a small mound of dirt he had nearby. Hooking the worm, he
cast the line back out.
The Lancer walked up beside the Master of Chaldea and looked over the river. It was rather
idyllic. The waters were green and glinting as the last bit of sunlight shone beyond the
horizon. There was some illumination from the torches behind them from the houses but
otherwise, it was quickly getting dark. It was also quiet all around. Everyone was more or
less indoors and there wasn’t even the sound of a wyvern roar. Only the sound of crickets
broke the still evening air.
Elizabeth looked over at Ren. He was staring at where the line had landed in the water, but
his face was impassive. Not relaxed or blank. It was the face of someone who had a lot to
think about and never really seemed to stop. If she left right now, she doubted he would react.
And in the setting sun, the orange light brought his sharper features to bear, contrasting with
the shadows, making him look remarkably handsomeShe immediately shook her head and smacked her own cheeks, drawing Ren’s curious
glance. That wasn’t what she was here for! “I thought you said people would be lining up to
see me perform!” she demanded. “But nobody is! They’re all skittering away like little mice!
What gives, puppy! This isn’t what you promised me!”
“You’re scaring away the fish,” Ren admonished her with a small frown. He pulled up the
line – the worm still dangling on the hook – and tossed it in another direction. “Besides, as an
idol, you need to read the mood and work from there,” he added. “Everyone’s scared right
now. New, loud, exciting talents? They’re really not in the mood for that. Once the
doppelganger’s taken down, they’ll probably be a bit more accommodating.”
Elizabeth huffed. “Hmph, and why should I listen to you at this point?” she growled. “I don’t
think you’ve been an idol before – I’m not even sure you’re in the business at all! How do I
know you’re not just pulling all this from your butt and making stuff up just so I’ll come
along with you?!”

The Master shrugged again. “Fair point,” he admitted easily. “You don’t. I haven’t looked
much into the idol scene myself. I just observed things from news and people around me.” He
sat down at the edge of the dock, his legs dangling over the edge. “You tend to hear a lot of
things from everyone, and eventually you get a picture overall of how people work. Or try to,
anyway.”
“And what does have to do with me?” Elizabeth demanded.
“You’re an idol, aren’t you?” Ren retorted. He could practically hear Futaba screaming in his
head a thousand retorts at Elizabeth. “Then it has everything to do with you. An idol lives or
dies by their audience, after all. If you don’t know them, then how can you entertain them or
bring them any happiness? How are they supposed to look up to you if there’s nothing about
you they want to look up to?”
The Lancer scowled and opened her mouth to retort when something began pulling on the
line again. Ren blinked as he scrambled to his feet. He began fighting with the fish again
however, it was clear that he was struggling much harder this time, almost stumbling once or
twice. “E-Elizabeth, give me a hand over here!” he growled out. She blinked once before
running over, grabbing the rod with him and pulled as well.
Then out splashed a huge trout, with the two anglers falling back onto the deck as the fish
could no longer pull against them. Ren blinked and looked over at the fish flopping around
on the deck and grinned. It was a nice, large catch. This would do nicely.
“How’d you catch that?” Elizabeth asked incredulously as she sat up. What few fishermen
she had seen usually caught smaller trout. This one was just massive.
Ren glanced over at her before picking it up. “I’ve done some fishing and even read up on it
before,” he explained, looking over his catch. Although he played it off, he was still beyond
impressed. He only rarely landed anything nearly this big back in the fishing ponds in Japan.
To think he would be able to fish something like this in medieval France… Ryuji would freak
out if he saw this. In fact, he should take a picture. Though not here – the light was quickly
going and it’d make for a terrible shot.
Elizabeth blinked multiple times. “Just… just from that?” she stammered.
“Well, a bit of luck too,” Ren admitted as he picked up the fish. “But hey, at least knowing
about fish and fishing helps me land a bigger one. Wouldn’t be nearly as effective if I didn’t.
Maybe if you knew your audience, you could make a big catch like this too.” With a smirk,
he began walking back to the manor toting his prize.
The countess could only frown. Why would she need to understand her audience? She was an
idol – she was supposed to stand above them, after all. That Master probably was never in
show business. But… she remembered her time as the bloody countess of Castle Cjeste. Her
people abhorred and hated her. They were perfectly fine with her dying, forgotten and alone.
If she disregarded her audience… would it be the same all over again? Would she just be
forgotten and alone once more? As she mulled over Ren’s words, a thought occurred to her.

She whipped around in the direction of the Master. “Hey, you can’t use a fishing metaphor to
make yourself look smart!” she screamed.
His laughter was her only answer.
—-------“Please lift your arm.”
As Kiyohime unwrapped the victim’s arm, she frowned. There was a nasty gash on it that
was thankfully healing up without infection, though it still looked quite painful. Taking a
handful of medical herbs, she ground it into a paste with a mortar and pestle before applying
it to the wound. “Tch, ah, c-careful with that, that stings,” the victim, a young man,
complained.
“Whine more like that and I shall complete the wyvern’s job of taking off your arm myself,”
Kiyohime growled. The victim paled and laid back down, not willing to stoke her temper
further. Taking a set of cleaned bandages, she wrapped the young man’s arm back up before
tossing the used ones inside a basket filled with dirty bandages and moved on to the next one.
Throughout the first floor of the manor, various refugees and infirm have set up a shelter
here. The lord who had lived in the manor had been among one of the first casualties of the
doppelganger saint after he mustered out to valiantly – and futilely – fight off the wyverns.
The retainers and lady all fled, leaving it completely deserted. Everyone else had been too
terrified to even think of looting, trying to keep under cover from the wyverns and monsters
that lurked outside.
However, with the various Servants keeping an eye out, medicine women and apothecaries
had been moving about, aiding the sick and injured if they could and offering prayers if they
couldn’t. Marie and Mozart were among them, the former talking cheerily to the refugees and
lifting everyone’s spirits up while Mozart had summoned a violin and played soft melodies of
his own composition to the small crowd of awestruck children and their parents.
“I didn’t expect to find you tending to the wounded, Lady Kiyohime.”
The dragon woman glanced up to see Georgios kindly smiling down at her. Turning back to
grinding more herbs in her mortar and pestle, she blew a strand of turquoise hair that floated
down her face. “It is not out of the kindness of my heart, if you wish to know,” Kiyohime
muttered. “Anchin-sama would never leave these people wounded, not if he could help them.
When I find him again, I wish for him to be proud and glad I had done what I could to aid
them.”
“As valid a reason as any,” Georgios accepted easily. “I wasn’t aware you knew of such
medical treatments, however. Were you trained?”
Kiyohime shook her head as she administered the salve to another victim, wounded on their
leg. It was trickier as the victim was currently unconscious. “No, I taught myself,” she
replied. “With all these dragons and monsters about, I thought it would be best to pick up the
needed knowledge in case Anchin-sama was injured. I did not expect to treat anyone else

except for him, but if I cannot find him, then at the very least I can do what he would have
done in turn.” So saying, she carefully bandaged up the treated wound. Georgios noted that
even though she wasn’t enthusiastic about treating them, she was still doing so with
surprising care and precision.
As the Berserker picked up the basket of dirty bandages, Georgios went back to attending the
other residents. She passed by Jeanne who was currently leading a group prayer with a small
gathering of refugees and entered the kitchen, where a tub of hot water sat above a fire.
Dumping the bandages in and pulling up her sleeves, she began to wash them, the heat of the
water not bothering her in the slightest. It wasn’t typical work she would do, but a model
housewife was a master of many skills, and medical aid was a good one to learn indeed.
Hearing a bit of movement behind her, she turned to see the Master of Chaldea walk in,
holding a large trout. “Hey, Kiyohime,” he greeted her cordially as he laid the fish on a
nearby counter. “Where’s everyone else?”
She glanced over at the fish before turning back to her duties. “The two Sabers, the Shielder,
and the cat Master I believe are still discussing in the study,” she replied. “Marie, Mozart, and
Jeanne are attending to the refugees. The rest, I do not know.”
“Yeah, sounds about right,” Ren murmured. He glanced out of the kitchen and could only feel
pangs of guilt. There were so many people here injured and hurt. He wanted to heal them but
as soon as he even mentioned the possibility, Morgana and Saber had shut him down. There
were simply too many people here to heal and it would drain his strength, right on the cusp of
marching on Orleans. At this point, they couldn’t afford any more delays and wait for Ren to
recover again.
“And you’ve been fishing?” Kiyohime asked rhetorically as she took out the bandages,
wrung them out, and hung them to dry and for reuse.
Ren blinked and glanced back at the fish laying on the counter. “I did,” he admitted, rubbing
the back of his neck. “I needed to relax and calm my mind a bit. Though, looking around, I
probably should’ve caught more…”
“If you could catch more than one fish in the couple minutes you’ve been out without using a
net, I would consider you a god of fishing,” Kiyohime retorted, cutting of Ren’s guilt. “Even
Anchin-sama would not be an angler of that level. He was many things, yes, but he was
mortal after all.” She walked over to look over the fish Ren brought in, frowning as she
looked it over with a critical eye. “Fairly fat, packed with nutrients,” she murmured. “Yes,
this should make a good fry.” She walked about to check the various shelves, murmuring as
she collected some of the various herbs and the stockpile of vegetables the refugees had
managed to bring with them.
The Master of Chaldea could only stare as Kiyohime started bustling about. “I’ll see if I can
catch some more,” he explained a bit lamely, turning around to leave – and almost running
into Archer who came in with a string of various other fishes. “Archer?” he gaped in surprise.
“I thought you would be keeping watch!”

Archer smirked. “I was, but I saw you were fishing and thought of a few dishes I could
make,” he replied. “Not to mention, Siegfried is currently patrolling so there shouldn’t be any
problems. It wasn’t too hard to create a few more rods and fish up some more catches for
dinner tonight.” With a flick of his wrist, a fishing rod appeared in his hand before vanishing.
Ren blinked before chuckling. “You are really versatile, you know that, Archer?” he
commented. Archer’s smirk only widened as he walked in to place his own fishes on the
counter, surprisingly followed shortly by Elizabeth, who had caught a fish of her own. It
wasn’t the largest fish – a carp – but it was still a good size. She held it up with a small blush
on her cheeks.
“I thought everyone might be a bit hungry, so…” Elizabeth trailed off, slightly embarrassed.
The Master only gaped for a second before chuckling. “I think everyone will appreciate it
regardless,” he replied, taking the carp off her hands and looking it over. It wasn’t the best
catch ever, but the fact she caught something for her first time fishing was impressive in its
own right. “It’s a good catch. Thanks a lot, Elizabeth.” He turned away moments before the
Lancer’s face exploded into the hue of a tomato.
“Hmph, w-well, it’s o-only natural f-for an i-idol to h-have a lot of talents, a-after all!” she
huffed, turning away before walking out. Ren back at Elizabeth as she left the kitchen before
turning back – and saw both Archer and Kiyohime staring at him.
“What? Something the matter?” he asked.
Archer chuckled as Kiyohime shook her head. “Do keep your philandery in moderation,
Master of Chaldea,” she replied simply, exasperated. Ren could only rub the back of his neck
in embarrassment once more as he smiled ruefully. “Now, do you have any skill in a
kitchen?” she inquired. “We are making food for no small number of people –“
“One with a king-sized stomach,” Archer snarked.
Kiyohime shot a glare in his direction before looking back at Ren. “And a set of extra hands
may be necessary if we wish to be done in a timely manner,” she finished. Ren glanced
outside at the other refugees, then pondered something. “Do you think we have enough here
for everyone, including the villagers?”
Both Archer and Kiyohime blinked in surprise as they looked at each other, then looked over
at the other food supplies they had. Archer frowned. “We’ll be a bit tight on food supplies
even if we make some sort of stew,” he pointed out. “Perhaps if the villagers were to
contribute some of their own supplies, we can make up for the difference.”
Ren nodded with a grin. Popping his head out of the kitchen, he called out, “Georgios!
Elizabeth!” The two Servants blinked and made their way over to him.
“Is something amiss, Ren?” Georgios asked, concerned.
The Master shook his head. “No, not at all,” he replied. “It’s just that we were thinking of
making dinner for everyone, including the townspeople. We do need more food supplies

though. Do you think you could bring the townspeople over and see what they can spare?”
Georgios frowned. “Ren, these people have been trying to ration whatever food they have
left,” he said. “They can’t trade nor farm, and fishing is a risky venture. To use it all at once
in such a manner would be very wasteful, not when it can possibly buy them another few
days.”
“It definitely would,” Ren agreed. “Still, spirit is just as important in the right circumstances.
After all, you’ve seen the refugees and the townspeople. I’m guessing you’ve seen how afraid
and despairing they are? Even if things go back to normal, they’ll be spending a very long
time trying to recover.” He still remembered his first days at Shujin, with everyone glaring or
glancing at him with suspicion. Sojiro was especially wary, snapping at him that if he put so
much as a toe out of line, he would be kicked out.
If he hadn’t met Ryuji that day, if they hadn’t entered the Metaverse… it was all too possible
his year in Tokyo would’ve been nothing but fear. He would’ve become just like everyone
else: Cowed into submission, unable and unwilling to make waves, even if injustice was
happening in front of him. Exactly what the God of Control would’ve wanted.
“Something to break this fear and show them that things will be better is essential,” he
continued. “We’ll be marching on Orleans tomorrow, right? It’s better we go with a sendoff
rather than leaving everything in a hole like this. Please.”
Georgios stared hard at Ren for a moment, meeting the young man’s stern grey eyes. Then he
sighed and smiled. “Very well, you speak sense,” he acceded. “I will go round up the
townspeople and see what supplies they can spare. I warn you though, I can promise
nothing.”
“Well, that’s why Elizabeth is coming with you, isn’t it?” Ren asked, looking towards the
surprised Lancer with a smirk. “After all, it’s an idol’s duty to shine bright and bring hope to
everyone. I don’t doubt she’d have the confidence and charm to pull it off. Between the two
of you, I’m sure you guys will make it work.”
Elizabeth blinked several times, then drew herself up, flipping her hair. “Hmph! Glad to see
you know my talents and beauty, puppy!” she declared. “I’ll work with the saint here and get
everyone together, with food! We’re gonna throw the biggest party France has seen yet!”
Ren and Georgios chuckled. “I don’t doubt it,” the former replied cordially. “I’ll see you guys
in a bit.” The two walked out of the manor, the rather nonplussed Jeanne staring as the
mismatched duo left before haltingly turning back to her prayers with everyone.
The Master turned back to see both Archer and Kiyohime staring at him once more. “What?”
he asked again.
“… Very dangerous, Master of Chaldea,” Kiyohime simply stated before turning back to
chopping up vegetables. Archer simply smiled while shaking his head before projecting a
knife and handing it over. Ren smirked as he took the knife, and under Archer’s supervision
and tutelage, got to work.

---------Georgios and Elizabeth had been successful beyond what a lot of them expected. With
Elizabeth’s confidence and cheer as well as Georgios’s reassurances and protective presence,
the townspeople came out with no small amount of supplies: Ale, bacon, vegetables, herbs,
bread, and more. Thanks to everything that was brought over, they had to have a discussion
of what to use or not. A party or not, it wouldn’t be proper to eat everyone out of house and
home (Saber notwithstanding).
Thus, they decided to use whatever was most in danger of going bad first: vegetables and
fruits as well as various meats, including the fish. Using the bacon to grease the cookware,
Kiyohime used one of the pans to fry the fish over an open fire, the heat from the flames not
affecting her whatsoever. Ren with the guidance of Archer stirred a large pot of stew filled
with various vegetables. Meanwhile, both Ren and Archer moved together, working and
preparing various ingredients and adding them to the stew or passing them over to Kiyohime.
The aroma of the cooking attracted attention from various Servants, refugees, and
townspeople, who glanced in curiosity at the three working.
After an hour or two, it was all passed around. A hearty vegetable and bacon stew with a
plate of fried fish steak and bread on the side. It was simple, given they didn’t have a lot of
spices to work with, but it worked out surprisingly well. Within moments, everyone was
digging into their food with gusto, laughing and cheering as they guzzled down ale. They had
dispersed all around the manor on both floors, collecting in groups and swapping tales and
stories. Sometimes, the air became grim as they reflected on their suffering, but swiftly
moved on from there.
Ren himself was outside with his own plates of food. He eschewed the ale for a bottle of
water. After dealing with Ohya for so long, he was going to avoid alcohol like the plague if
he could help it. He took out his cellphone and took a picture of the food. Food made in
medieval times. Just the thought of it was wild. Putting it away, he spooned a mouthful of the
stew. He smiled. No seasoning, but Archer was as good a chef as always.
“Was wondering where you went!”
He glanced over to see Morgana happily carrying his own bowl and plate out. Despite both
things being considerably larger in his tiny paws, he had no trouble carrying them as he sat
beside Ren. “You even managed to get fish!” he exclaimed. “It’s not sushi, but after those
military rations, this is practically heaven!” He took his knife, cut off a bit of the fish, then
popped it into his mouth with a spoon. His short legs waved in the air in excitement. “So
good!” he exclaimed. “Did you or Archer do this, Ren?”
Ren chuckled. “No, it wasn’t,” he replied, shaking his head. “It was Kiyohime. She took over
frying the fish, and she did a great job of them. I might need to ask her for some tips. I think
Archer already is.” He looked over at his best friend. “Were you busy hashing plans out with
Saber or something?” he asked.
Morgana nodded as he took another bite of food. “Yeah,” he answered. “We were trying to
see if there was another approach we could take and coming up with plans A through Z,
though we stopped at around G when Saber smelled your food and her stomach rumbles kept

interrupting our discussions. Mash was there, but she didn’t say much. I think she wanted to
just listen and learn more than anything. Guess she’s trying to grow.” With a nonchalant
shrug, he dug into his stew.
Taking his bottle of water, he sipped contemplatively. He didn’t know Mash all that well,
aside from the fact that she had been living in Chaldea her whole life. He had to wonder:
what were these Singularities like in her eyes? Was she as focused on combat as he was?
What did she like or didn’t like? She had been doing her best to ask about him, but he hadn’t
asked much about her in turn. He had to admit, he was curious. Maybe he should talk to her
more when they got back to Chaldea…
The doors burst open, causing both Ren and Morgana to whirl around to see what the
disturbance was. Out staggered Mash, a flagon in her hand. “Th-there you are, M-Mashter,
hic!” she slurred. “Y-you are alwayssss s-s-so hard to keep up, y’know? Why-why-why don’t
you teeeeell meeeee your sheecrets?”
“Girlie, you had just one sip of that ale!” came the shocked remark from within the manor.
The two Masters looked at each other. Ren sighed, stood up, and walked to Mash to get her to
bed.
Well, at least this situation felt familiar.

Chapter End Notes

Discord link right here. Join the chaos:
https://discord.gg/h2GmME4V

Chapter 24: Plans
Chapter Summary

Attacking and infiltration are never simple affairs.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The halls of Chaldea were quiet. Aside from the hum of the occasional robot wheeling by,
there was no one wandering its sterile halls. The staff were currently either in the command
center, on break, or taking care of maintenance. A far cry from when the hallways constantly
had researchers, engineers, and magi moving to and fro throughout the facility.
Roman shuffled through the hallways, yawning. He had spent yet another all-nighter in the
command room, monitoring Ren and Morgana’s progress throughout the Orleans singularity.
He had a considerable scare when he saw Mash’s blood alcohol levels rising and was about to
call Ren when Da Vinci pointed out that her blood alcohol levels were nowhere near toxic or
intoxicating. Then the Caster essentially booted him out of the chair so he could actually
sleep.
Three hours later, he was making his way to the cafeteria. He hadn’t had a decent night’s
sleep ever since the bombing of Chaldea just a week prior. If he wasn’t working throughout
the night, he was tossing and turning in bed. There was just too much to think about, and the
nightmares of that day never left him either.
He sighed. Maybe he should consult the medical AI and see if he could get it to prescribe him
some sleep medication. He was the sole medical expert here, but it wouldn’t be ethical to
prescribe himself medicine.
Entering the cafeteria, he blearily saw some of the staff there munching on some food as
another robot rolled about in the kitchen, operating the devices. Shambling over to the
counter, he collapsed in the chair. A second later, the robot chef rolled up to him. “Greetings,
Dr. Archaman,” it greeted him. “Today, we have pasta alfredo with gelato for dessert.”
Italian, huh? Well, that worked for him. Roman gave a tired smile and nodded. The robot
wheeled away to start making his dishes.
“You look like you’ve been through the wringer, doc.”
He glanced up and saw one of the engineers sitting beside him. Dustin – a man in his thirties
with swept back brown hair. He had originally been hired as a cosmic rays physicist, but
showed a good aptitude for the various machinery in Chaldea. A trait that came very much in
handy when most of the engineers were killed by the bombing.

Roman chuckled tiredly. “Do I really look that bad?” he asked, running a hand through his
matted orange hair.
Dustin laughed. “I’ve seen roadkill that looks better than you,” he bluntly replied. “Hey, chef!
Two cups of joe for us here!” The robot acknowledged him and began making the drinks as
well. He sagged over on the counter as well. “Though that being said, we’re all being put
through the wringer,” he grumbled. “Chaldea’s not supposed to work with such small
numbers. It’s a bit balanced by the fact that not as many facilities are being used, but still, it’s
a lot.”
The doctor glanced over at the engineer and sure enough, Dustin looked almost as tired and
weary as he felt. “It certainly has been difficult,” he agreed. “At least we have the robot staff
here helping out. Can you imagine if we didn’t have them?”
The older man shuddered. “Don’t jinx it, doc,” he muttered. “If they break down like that, I
might start hitting the bottle just so I don’t have to think about it anymore.”
“As your doctor, I’m supposed to advise you against such an action,” Roman pointed out,
though he had a wry smirk. “As a person… if you decide to break out the bottle, let me
know.”
Both men broke out laughing. Despite their complaints, they were dedicated to their duties
through thick and thin. Dustin had been working almost as hard as Roman alongside Da
Vinci to keep their systems running. The engineer had been a casual drinker on his time off,
but ever since the bombing hadn’t so much as touched a drop for fear of impairing his
faculties.
Roman then placed his laptop on the counter and opened it, navigating to his ever-favorite
website. Dustin blinked as he saw the sight before sighing in exasperation. “Still dedicated to
Magi*Mari?” he asked tiredly.
The doctor glanced over at Dustin. “Hey, Magi*Mari has good advice! And she’s essential
for keeping spirits up!” Roman argued vehemently. “Without her, I’d be collapsing into a
sobbing heap right about now! Don’t judge her!”
“I’m not judging her, doc, I’m judging you,” he bluntly replied. “And how the hell is she
even broadcasting anyway? There’s no internet anymore.”
“Oh, what does it matter?” Roman snapped. “Magi*Mari is magical, okay? She’s the best and
would never let me down! Right, Magi*Mari?”
The white robed digital girl smiled through the screen, then spoke in a cheerful voice.
“Maybe you should learn to get your life together and do your job, you good-for-nothing lazy
bum!”
Dustin roared with laughter, pounding at the counter as Roman pouted, shutting off his
laptop. “W-wow, doc, I didn’t know y-you had s-such a h-h-hobby,” Dustin breathed, barely
getting the words out between guffaws. “B-better hope Da Vinci d-doesn’t h-hear that o-or
you’ll be up sh-shit creek!”

“Shut up, just, shut up,” Roman grumbled, setting the laptop down and burying his face in his
hands. By a miracle, the pasta and gelato was served, as well as a cup of coffee. Roman
nodded in gratitude at the robot before digging into the pasta. It wasn’t bad but…
“Not the same as when Archer made it, eh?” Dustin pointed out, noticing Roman’s reaction.
Roman nodded in agreement. Between him and Ren, they were practically spoiled for
cuisines and taste. With both of them out on the field, they had to make do with the robot
chefs. They were more than serviceable but the dishes just lacked a certain… flair the two
added in. “It can’t be helped,” Roman sighed. “They’re both out on the field. Once they come
back, we can bug them for their cooking again. Until then, we’ll just have to make do.”
“Cheers to that,” Dustin grumbled. He grabbed his own cup of coffee and sipped it – and
flinched. “God, leave it to these robots to make me miss the kid even more.”
The doctor took a drink of the coffee and flinched just as badly. Bitter, with none of those
subtle notes of flavors from the coffees Ren made all the time. He had been chugging the
stuff by the gallon to get by on the mission. His tongue was practically numb to the bitterness
at this point – though that still didn’t make it any less of a chore to drink compared to the
deliciousness Ren provided.
This was turning out to be a very long mission.
---------The morning came with surprising gusto. Sunlight shone through clear, cloudless skies,
illuminating the world with its golden rays. A mild breeze blew through the land, keeping the
place at a refreshing temperature. It was truly a beautiful day, a perfect day for relaxing… or
for marching.
Mash stirred in the bed, eyelids heavy. Her mind felt more sluggish than usual, her limbs
heavier. She blearily blinked at the sunlight filtering in through a window. It must be late
morning, yet she still felt so tired and heavy. Her arms were wrapped around something warm
and soft. She closed her eyes and snuggled into it. Maybe just a couple more minutes…
“I’m not one to talk, Mash, but perhaps we should get moving?”
She blinked as the warm, soft thing vibrated from the sound of someone talking. Opening her
eyes once more, she looked up at who talked, and came to a few rapid realizations: The thing
she was holding was the one who was talking, it was a person, and most importantly, the
person she was clinging to was Ren Amamiya.
Her eyes shot wide open. “S-Senpai?!” she gasped, quickly leaping away.
Ren grinned as he sat up from the bed, straightening his Chaldean uniform. “You’re a pretty
heavy sleeper, Mash,” he joked. “Though you were pretty drunk last night. In case you were
wondering, you didn’t do anything. You were just somewhat wasted. Wish all drunk people
were as easy to handle as you were.” He chuckled to himself like it was a joke.

Mash could only blink several times, the implications catching up to her. Her face rapidly
turned a crimson hue as she bowed as low as possible. “I-I-I-I beg your forgiveness, senpai!”
she stuttered. “Th-th-th-that was a slip of j-j-j-judgment a-a-and it w-w-won’t happen a-a-aagain!”
The Master only blinked, then laughed. “It’s fine, Mash, no harm done,” he reassured her as
he got out of bed, stretching. “Though for future reference, maybe you shouldn’t drink again?
You really don’t know how to handle alcohol, do you?”
Blinking, Mash shook her head. “Um, I guess, senpai,” she murmured. “It was my first time
imbibing any alcohol.”
Ren froze. “Your… first time drinking?” he repeated slowly.
The Shielder blinked. “Is something the matter, senpai?” she asked.
He frowned at her, then shook his head. “No, not with you,” he murmured. “I got careless. I
should’ve known and kept a better eye out. Sorry about that.”
Mash’s widened as she shook her head. This was the first time he seemed… angry. “Oh, no,
senpai, it was my fault!” she rapidly reassured him. “I was the one who decided to drink it
out of curiosity. The responsibility lies with me. Please, don’t blame yourself.”
Ren shook his head. “No excuse,” he growled. “I should’ve been more attentive, but I got too
relaxed in the end. Things could’ve gone very badly for you if something went wrong.” He
rubbed at the bridge of his nose in frustration. “Oh boy, Roman is going to give me so much
crap for this, not like I don’t deserve it at this point,” he muttered.
A moment later, the easy grin had returned to Ren’s face. Mash, however, wasn’t reassured.
Despite the smile, she could feel his anger underneath it like magma underneath the surface
of a volcano. “Well, at least nothing happened this time,” he said, faking a lighter tone. “I’m
glad you had fun last night, though. We should probably meet with the others and see if
there’s anything else we need to hash out.”
Mash opened her mouth to answer but before she could, Ren had walked out of the bedroom,
leaving her alone. She bit her lip anxiously. She had messed up.
---------He messed up.
Ren was fuming as he marched down the hallways of the manor. He should’ve known Mash
never had alcohol before, given that she had been in Chaldea for all of her life. If it weren’t
for the Servants here and the fact that the townspeople and refugees were fairly decent
people, things could’ve gone very badly for Mash, and it would have been his fault for being
lax in his vigilance.
His mind flashed back to that time before Tokyo. A drunken man accosting a woman, trying
to force her into his car. His flushed face twisted in frustration and rage as he pulled at her

wrist. He had stepped in to interfere and help the woman… and in the end, was the one who
was put in a cop car in handcuffs. The woman herself was the one who ended up damning
him, pressured into giving a false testimony of his crimes.
Not too surprising though. Not many wanted to go against Masayoshi Shido, allowing him to
run away with a clean slate for almost anything and everything he could do. The fact that
justice reached him in the end didn’t make it any less bitter for him to swallow. It was why he
continued with being a Phantom Thief after Kamoshida had been taken down: So that they
could give people hope and people in power could be held accountable, and not get away
with being drunken louts on top of everything else.
Mash being drunk was fairly uneventful overall. He had simply escorted her to an empty
bedroom and laid her down while she continued to talk, prodding him for his secrets and his
powers. He simply deflected it all, saying he would answer her in the morning. He hadn’t
expected her to pull him down with her, then completely wrap herself around him and
snuggle. He tried to break free, but her demi-Servant abilities made that impossible.
Eventually, he could only just give up and try to get some shuteye himself.
He shook his head. What the hell was he doing? He was playing around too much. The whole
of humanity was gone and here he was, hosting a party in medieval France and allowing
those he was supposed to be protecting get drunk! He had been getting lazy. They needed to
get back on track.
Opening the door to the study, he noticed that Morgana, Archer, Saber, Jeanne, and Georgios
were already there, studying the map once more. They all looked up as Ren entered the room.
Morgana flashed a mischievous grin. “Morning, Joker,” he called out. “I’m guessing you
slept well?”
Ren forced a grin on his face. “About as well as I could under the circumstances,” he replied,
walking over to the map table. The grin soon melted into a stern expression though as he
looked down at the map. So, what’s the plan here?” he asked.
Saber frowned. “At the moment, our best bet is to march straight for Orleans,” she replied,
pointing to the city. “We do not have the numbers needed for a diversionary strike, we cannot
waste time on any obfuscating marches, nor is there any terrain or passages conducive to
stealth.” She crossed her arms. “I do not like it, but we have far too little information about
the area and what to expect. Most likely we’ll be camping on the outskirts and planning what
to do once we’ve scouted the area.”
The leader of the Phantom Thieves stared at the map thoughtfully. “I don’t suppose I could
just break out Metatron again and give them the runaround?” he asked, looking up at the
assembled group.
Archer shook his head. “Not a good idea, Master,” he replied. “That taunt worked the first
time because she wasn’t expecting it and got distracted, and everyone else was in position. If
you tried it again here, then there’s likely one of two outcomes: She either doesn’t bother
moving whatsoever and even entrenches herself further because she knows you’re here, or
she’ll send out everyone and everything in an attempt to kill you. Either way would lead to a
bad situation for us.”

“Furthermore, my doppelganger still has the Grail,” Jeanne pointed out. “Even if we emptied
out the city, we have no guarantees that she wouldn’t just summon more reinforcements.
They could easily stall us out while her main force wheels back around and pincers us.”
Morgana mused over the possibilities. “What about the French army?” he asked, looking up
at Jeanne and Georgios. “They’re being led by Gilles de Rais, right? We could use their
numbers to help with the attack as well.”
Georgios frowned. “I would not advise that either, Morgana,” he warned. “The French are
undoubtedly brave and will fight to the death, but death is all they’ll find, most likely –
they’ll quickly end up swarmed and slaughtered before any of us can make any headway.
Plus, a large force like that she’ll likely see coming. Our best hope right now is in our smaller
contingent, where it’s far harder to track.”
Ren sighed as he ran a hand through his hair. “Damned if you do, damned if you don’t, huh?”
he muttered. Nobody around the table looked happy at their options, as few as they were. He
glanced up at Archer. “What about your Pala – er, reality marble?” he asked, quickly
amending himself. “If we lured the bulk of her forces there, couldn’t we use that to cut her
numbers down, literally?”
Archer sighed. “Utilizing Unlimited Blade Works is extremely prana-intensive, Master,” he
explained patiently. “And even if I snared a large part of the forces, everything within would
still need to be killed regardless. We may have one or two shots with it, but I would rather not
use it willy-nilly unless I know it would leave a noticeable dent that we could exploit.”
The Master sighed and nodded. That was fair enough. “So, in short, we make our way to
Orleans, see what’s going on, and make plans from there,” he summed up. “Not the best plan
but looks like it’s our only plan for now.” Well, admittedly he and Morgana had been in
tighter spots. They often had their backs to a wall one way or another when they had to
infiltrate Palaces. This wouldn’t be much different, except perhaps on a far grander scale.
“We’ll make what preparations we need, then we’ll get a move on. The sooner we get there,
the faster we can figure out what to do.”
Everyone nodded. Thus dismissed, the Servants all filed out of the door to gather the others
and explain the situation, leaving the two Masters behind in the study. Morgana glanced over
at Ren. “Something wrong?” he asked, looking up at him curiously.
Ren walked over to the window, looking out at the fields. It almost seemed idyllic, save for
the signs of devastation: Ruined and burned buildings, the carved furrow of Fafnir’s crash
landing, and he even saw a large makeshift cemetery just a bit beyond the town as well. He
grit his teeth. “I’m not doing enough,” he growled. “Not nearly enough.”
Morgana blinked with surprise. “Wha – what the hell are you talking about, Joker?” he asked,
flabbergasted. “You of all people are doing everything you can here! ‘Not enough’? Honestly,
everyone here thinks you’re doing too much as it is!”
“Is it?” Ren asked, glancing over at Morgana. “Mash got drunk last night because she’d never
drank before. If it wasn’t for the Servants and everyone else here being decent, things
could’ve gone extremely wrong.”

He leaned over the window, his fingers digging into the frame. “I don’t know what the hell
I’m doing, Morgana,” he admitted. “Here I am throwing some party in the middle of
medieval France and letting someone I should be protecting get intoxicated, right before we
have to march on an enemy base. There could’ve – should’ve – been other things I could do.
Instead, I took the most wasteful option.”
“’Wasteful’?” Morgana repeated. “Ren, you were the one who convinced Georgios to throw
that party to begin with! And he agreed because you were right: Everyone’s spirits needed
lifting! Mash got drunk, sure, but it wasn’t something you could’ve prevented. It was only a
mistake that anyone could’ve –“
“’Only a mistake?’” Ren hissed, glaring at Morgana. “A mistake?! Morgana, we can’t afford
mistakes! Not anymore! Everyone is gone! If something goes wrong here, then that’s it! The
whole world’s finished! Ryuji, Ann, Yusuke, Makoto, Futaba, Haru, Sumire, everyone…!”
He could stop the tears from springing from his eyes. “We’re the only ones left, Morgana,” he
whispered. “If we screw up here, we’ll never see them again.”
His head dropped to his hands. “I can’t afford to screw up even a bit,” he murmured. “I don’t
know what I’m supposed to do here, Morgana. It’s just… I don’t even know how to describe
it anymore.”
Morgana was silent for a bit. Then he hopped up on the windowsill, summoned his scimitar,
and smacked Ren on the top of his head with the flat of the blade. “Ow!” Ren stammer.
“Morgana, what-!“
“Get your head in the game!” Morgana snapped. “You’re right, we can’t afford mistakes.
However, overthinking things and acting like this isn’t gonna help anyone! We’ve been
through a lot of really bad situations before, and this is just another one of them! If we start
freaking out now and second guessing ourselves, that’s only gonna make sure we’ll lose in
the end.” He glared up at Ren. “Now you tell me – are you gonna keep crying and freaking
out about this? Or are you gonna be Joker and see us all through?”
Ren only blinked in surprise with his mouth agape, then he began chuckling, wiping away
some of his tears. “Yeah, yeah, you’re right,” he replied, smiling at his friend. “Sorry about
losing my composure like that. It must’ve been embarrassing to watch.”
His best friend smiled sympathetically. “Hey, don’t be too hard on yourself,” he replied
reassuringly. “Sometimes, you just gotta have someone to snap your head on straight. Both
you and me. We’ll get through this, Joker, and see everyone in the end. And we’ll have some
crazy stories to tell them once we get back.”
Then he paused and crossed his paws, pondering. “Actually, I dunno how much we CAN tell
them,” he mused. “Chaldea is supposed to be top-secret, after all. Even Futaba couldn’t make
a dent in its defenses.”
Ren chuckled again. “Well, we can always ask Roman and Da Vinci,” he replied easily. “And
if we can’t, well, we’ll just have to make up some story – and get them that buffet so they’ll
forget about it.”

“And sushi!” Morgana chirped.
“And sushi,” Ren agreed. “Now come on, we better get a move on.”
Both of them walked out of the study – and nearly ran straight into Mash at the door. “Whoa,
sorry, Mash,” he quickly apologized. “Guess you just missed our meeting. Not much that we
didn’t cover last night, though. Long and short of it is that we have to get to Orleans first and
scope the situation out first before we can plan our next move.”
Mash blinked with surprise, then hurriedly nodded. “Oh, um, o-of course, senpai!” she
stammered.
Ren grinned. “Before we get going, we should have some breakfast first,” he said, walking
down the hallway. “Let’s see what we can scrounge up first.”
“Think there’s any more of last night’s fish?” Morgana asked hopefully, following Ren.
Mash followed closely behind them, fidgeting. She had been behind the door listening in on
Ren and Morgana’s talk after the meeting. What was she to make of all this? She wanted to
help her senpai, but it all had to do with the outside world. A world she had no idea about at
all. And it was clear he had a life outside of Chaldea. His own friends and family, his own
joys and hobbies. Even after everything, she would still be in Chaldea.
What could she do?
---------The original plan had been to eat some more rations (much to Morgana’s displeasure), but the
refugees and townspeople insisted they could have more of their foodstuffs. To that end, they
ended up having a relatively luxurious breakfast of bacon, eggs, and bread. Even then, they
started piling more foodstuffs together as supplies for their march to Orleans. Some of them
even grabbed whatever farming implements or heirloom weapons to march with them.
Jeanne, Georgios, and surprisingly even Saber talked them down.
“I thought you’d be first in line for more food, Saber,” Morgana pointed out cheekily.
Saber scowled at the cat Master. “Do not insult me, Master,” she snapped. “I do not take food
unnecessarily. These people have far greater need of it than me, and even when the country
has been reestablished, it will be some time before trade and commerce can be rebuilt, as well
as cultivating farmland and animals. While I agreed with Ren’s proposition last night, we
have taken enough.”
Morgana blinked with surprise, then backed off, lowering his head. “Er, sorry, didn’t mean to
offend you,” he apologized ruefully.
The King of Knights nodded, her expression relaxing a bit. “So long as you understand,” she
replied, accepting the apology.
With that, with a cheerful farewell from the grateful refugees and townspeople, the Servants
and Masters began marching to Orleans. In the end, they took some fruits from the village, if

only to appease them and they wouldn’t take more. The apples they had gotten certainly
made for a good snack, as Ren could testify as he munched on one on the way.
As they moved along, all the Servants kept their guards up. Even the normally cheerful ones
like Marie, Mozart, and Elizabeth were more guarded this time around. They were heading
into the heart of enemy territory. There had been no sight or sound of anything – Servants,
wyverns, or monsters – and that only made them all the more wary. They could very well be
marching straight towards a trap or ambush. Archer and Saber in particular had been
scouting, leaving Siegfried as the vanguard as they continued on. But for a good while, there
was no sign of anything.
It was mid-afternoon when Archer silently raised a hand for them to stop. They were still a
small distance away from Orleans, over at the outskirts. With that, he quickly darted off
towards a city, past a crest of small hills. A couple minutes later, he came back. His
expression was grim, his mouth pressed into a hard line. “It’s worse than we thought,” he
stated.
“What are we looking at, Archer?” Ren asked.
“The city’s crawling with wyverns, monsters, and even shadow Servants,” Archer replied. “If
we set even one foot toward Orleans, they’ll swarm us and overwhelm us with sheer
numbers. And that’s only what I saw. I don’t know if that doppelganger has set up any traps
or ambushes around, and I don’t want to take that risk. The only comfort is that it doesn’t
seem any of them are moving anytime soon, nor have we been spotted, but I don’t know how
long that will last.”
Morgana scowled. “Ugh, she chose the smartest move and that makes it difficult for us,” he
grumbled. “She’s entrenched herself with her forces, meaning breaking through is gonna be
difficult, maybe even impossible.” He turned to Jeanne. “You’ve been to Orleans before,
right?” he asked. “Can you think of any secret passageways or some way to get in that you
think the doppelganger would’ve overlooked?”
Jeanne blinked in surprise, then shook her head. “I can think of a few places but the
doppelganger would most likely think of those same locations, wouldn’t she?” she asked. “If
she did, then she’ll probably have them guarded or prepared. And if we get caught there, she
can easily cut off our escape and wipe us out.”
Marie raised her hand. “Could we not just charge them?” she asked. “I know military strategy
isn’t my forte, but I’ve read a few stories. Perhaps if we move fast enough, we could reach
the doppelganger and defeat her before she could rally her forces?”
Saber frowned. “Normally not a bad tactic,” the King of Knights admitted. “However, if what
Archer says is true, they’re far too entrenched for that to work. They can easily sound an
alarm and rebuff our advances. In this scenario, a charge like that would be akin to suicide.”
The group was silent, pondering their situation. An impregnable fortress, with only a few
people to work with. They couldn’t risk an open battle or confrontation, and sneaking in
would be extraordinarily difficult, even with the few numbers they had. And there was no

easy way to capitalize on Ren’s magecraft again, not unless they wanted the doppelganger to
dogpile all her forces on him. As capable as he was, even he wouldn’t be able to escape that.
Ren swallowed, then reached into his pocket and took out his phone. Morgana’s eyes
widened. “You’re thinking about her Palace?” Morgana asked.
“I don’t think we’ve another choice at this point,” Ren replied grimly. “It’s clear we can’t get
into Orleans by a regular way, and frankly this Palace may be more dangerous than anything
we’ve ever encountered. The only advantage of it is that the doppelganger won’t know we’re
coming.”
“Wait, puppy, what exactly are you talking about?” Elizabeth piped up, glancing over at
Ren’s phone. “The heck is a Palace?”
Ren and Morgana looked at each other, then turned to explain to the newcomers – Georgios,
Kiyohime, and Elizabeth – about the Palaces and Personas. By the end of the explanation,
Kiyohime was frowning in confusion, Georgios looked pensive. As for Elizabeth, she ended
up sitting on the ground, cradling her head. “Couldn’t you have made it any less confusing?”
she whined.
The Master of Chaldea grinned apologetically. “Sorry, Elizabeth, but that’s the simplest I can
make it,” he replied earnestly. He couldn’t exactly blame her. When Morgana first explained
the concepts, his and Ryuji’s heads were spinning. They probably understood it only partway
through Kamoshida’s Palace, and even then, Makoto made better sense of it all than they did.
“A mental landscape born from distorted desires, and this doppelganger has one,” Georgios
mused. “That is a battlefield I am distinctly unfamiliar with. Still, it seems to be our best
option at this point. I will follow your lead, Ren Amamiya.”
Kiyohime sighed as she glared at Ren. “At risk of repeating myself once more, you are
considerably more dangerous than I thought,” she stated. “If this will bring me closer to my
Anchin-sama, then so be it. But be warned that my patience is growing thin – I do not tolerate
liars in any capacity, and it is clear you have many secrets you would need to lie about.”
Ren nodded in understanding before looking around at the other Servants. “Right, we’re
heading into the Palace now,” he told them. “Me and Morgana are the most experienced in
navigating them but even we can’t say for certain how it will be like. We’ll be counting on
you guys to watch our backs. Stick close to us unless we say otherwise.”
The Servants all nodded. With that, Ren opened the Metaverse Navigator. As expected,
Jeanne d’Arc Alter’s Palace was still in the saved addresses. Taking a deep breath, he pressed
the button. Their surroundings began twisting and blurring as they entered the cognitive
world, preceded only by the app’s announcement:

Beginning navigation.

Chapter End Notes

Once more, here's the Discord link. Join the fun!
https://discord.gg/h2GmME4V

Chapter 25: Hell
Chapter Summary

Stepping into an unknown Palace may be detrimental to one's health.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Cold.
That was the first impression Joker had of Jeanne Alter’s Palace. It wasn’t the kind of cold he
felt from the winters back in Japan, where he could just bundle up. It seemed to seep right
through his clothes and skin and into his bones, leaving him shivering. His breath became
puffs of white mist. Even though his Phantom Thief gear covered almost all his skin save for
his head, it did nothing to hinder the unnatural cold of the Palace.
Ahead of them lay a medieval city – or rather, the ruins of one. The buildings and streets
were completely frozen over, the ice clinging heavily to walls or standing tall in pillars lining
the roads. The sounds of distant roars and screeches echoed throughout the Palace, the
ringing ice giving them an almost ethereal quality. The sky itself was completely black, not
even a moon or stars, yet for some reason, the ground was illuminated enough for them to
see.
“Achoo!” Morgana sneezed, rubbing his paws. “Jeez! You think for someone whose Palace is
Hell, it’d be a bit warmer than this! Some flames right now would be nice!”
The other Servants could only look about in awe, shock, and horror. “Is this… truly what my
doppelganger thinks of Orleans?” Jeanne breathed, her eyes wide. “This… twisted, frozen
land? This is her image of Hell?”
“ Mon dieu , I do love winter wonderlands, but this is far too grotesque,” Marie sniffed.
“Nothing about this place feels friendly or cheery, not even the ice has that purity it normally
comes with. And this air feels… wrong. I don’t know how to put my finger on it, but even
that seems repulsive as opposed to clean winter air.”
Joker turned around to look at the group. He quickly noted that only he and Morgana seemed
to be the only ones feeling the temperature. Even the more lightly dressed Servants like
Mash, Marie, and Siegfried, didn’t seem to be bothered whatsoever. “Right, this is a Palace,
guys,” he explained, quickly grabbing everyone’s attention. “As we told you, this is a
cognitive world formed when someone views a location with a twisted desire and distortion.
Be careful of what you see here. None of it is actually real – it's all cognition. Put in another
way, this is all in her mind. But if there’s shadows or enemies, they can still very much harm
us.”

“Putting that aside, puppy, when did you get a wardrobe change like that?!” Elizabeth
demanded. “And who’s your tailor?! I need them to make outfits for me, ASAP!”
Joker blinked and glanced down at his Phantom Thief uniform. He chuckled. Right, he had
forgotten after seeing the Palace. “This is what I end up wearing whenever I enter a Palace,”
he explained. “The clothes symbolize my ‘will of rebellion’ so no tailor, Elizabeth. Sorry.”
Elizabeth pouted. “Figures it wouldn’t be that easy,” she grumbled.
“I don’t see anyone around us at the moment,” Archer noted, checking the area. “I’ll head to
the rooftop and check the area.” So saying, he vanished into spiritual form, leaving the group
on the ground.
The leader of the Phantom Thieves looked over to Jeanne, who was still reeling from the
sight. “Are you alright, Jeanne?” he called out concernedly.
Jeanne blinked, her expression a morass of emotions. “Yes – well, no,” she admitted (missing
the very dangerous glare Kiyohime shot her). “This city is the heart of where I dedicated
myself to my trials from the Lord. It symbolized to me what French freedom from the
English should be. This…” She gestured to the city. “This looks like a scene from my
greatest nightmares,” she whispered. “My beloved city, dead and frozen like… this. This
truly is a scene from Hell.”
Joker glanced back at the city, nodding sympathetically. “Yeah, it doesn’t get much easier,
seeing a familiar environment twisted like this,” he murmured.
The Saint looked back at Ren. “You’ve had experience with this, I take it?” she asked.
“Yep,” he confirmed. “First ever Palace I went to was my own high school. The target was
my gym teacher who thought of the place as his own castle.” Joker’s hands tightened into
fists as he remembered their target. “He was a creep who abused his own volleyball team and
molested the girls. One of the girls tried to commit suicide because of it. Me and my friends
took him down. Even after, I still occasionally saw the halls of that castle in the school.”
He blinked and realized that he had talked too much. He always felt far more comfortable
talking about his adventures as a Phantom Thief while dressed as one – often because they
were in a Palace when he brought any new members up to speed on what was going on. It
must have been a subconscious reaction. Still, nothing he could do about it now. It wasn’t like
he was pretending he didn’t have experience.
As he turned back to the group, he noticed that everyone besides Mona was staring at him
with a mixture of aghast or awestruck expressions. “I… am truly horrified you had to go
through such an experience,” Jeanne murmured. “I offer my sincerest condolences.”
“You speak no lies when you told us of your experience,” Kiyohime murmured, her gaze
inscrutable. “I am beginning to see how you became the way you did: Out of necessity, not
out of evil. Tread lightly, however. The path you walk is a thin one – one where you can
easily be led astray.”

“Hey, a little more faith here, will you?” Mona snapped. “Joker here is one of the finest
Phantom Thieves I’ve ever seen, and he came far with my tutelage! And remember, we’re the
ones who are leading you into the Palace, so watch your step!”
“A… Thief?” Siegfried inquired, looking at the two Masters. “Your garb is a bit too garish
for thievery. And why are you referred to as a jester of sorts?”
Joker blinked, then chuckled. “No, me and Morgana go by code names inside Palaces,” he
explained. “We don’t know how saying our real names in a cognitive world might affect a
person, so we try not to use them. I go by Joker. In playing cards, the Joker card is often the
unpredictable one, with lots of roles it can play. Morgana here goes by Mona – for the Mona
Lisa.”
“The most infamous painting of them all!” Mona proudly declared.
The Servants blinked at the explanation, looking between the two of them when Archer
reappeared. “I see wyverns and some form of monsters about,” Archer said. “However, no
sign of the doppelganger or any Servants so far. The city outline looks similar to the real
world Orleans at the very least. So, Masters, this is your battleground. What’s our plan?”
Joker nodded. “Right, our objective in a Palace boils down to one thing: Stealing the
Treasure,” he explained. “Our first course of action is to figure out a route to the Treasure.
However, even if we do that, the Treasure will be intangible. To manifest it properly, we send
a calling card, letting our target know that we’ll be taking it. After that, we get back in, make
our way to the Treasure, and steal it.”
“A calling card, huh?” Elizabeth purred, a grin on her face. “You two certainly know how to
do things with style!”
“Quite,” Mozart agreed. “This will be quite an exhilarating composition!”
The other Servants didn’t look as taken by the idea, however. “Forgive me, but what is the
point of stealing riches within a cognitive world?” Georgios asked, frowning. “Many of us
aren’t known to be thieves – in fact, no small number of us repudiate them – and we wonder
how that will help us.”
“Also, warning an enemy that we are broaching their defenses?” Saber added. “I can see
some strategical value in that. However, it is generally unwise for one to notify their
opponent where and when they plan to strike.”
“Right, first things first,” Mona said. “The Treasures we steal aren’t ‘riches’ or things like
that. It’s what caused the distortion in the target to begin with. For example, the Treasure of
the gym teacher we told you guys about was his Olympic gold medal.” He nodded to Joker.
“That medal was the root of his distortion,” he continued. “Once it was removed, his Palace
collapsed, and he had a change of heart. Unable to bear the weight of his sins, he confessed
everything publicly. Not even the other adults supporting him could cover THAT up.” Mona
smirked at the end of that explanation. The Servants’ eyes widened at that explanation, trying
to comprehend it.

“As for the calling card, it’s the only way to manifest the Treasure properly,” Joker jumped
in. “By making them aware that we’re coming for their heart or their Treasure, they will
focus on that Treasure, manifesting it in the cognitive world. However, the impact of a calling
card is short lived. It only lasts a day and sending another one after that will likely be
dismissed by the target as an inconsequential threat. Once we’ve sent the card, we only have
that one chance to seize the Treasure.”
Saber crossed her arms. “Using a diversion to manifest a Treasure to bring it out into the
open,” she mused. “I can see how that would be valuable. I assume this is why we need a
route to the Treasure planned beforehand; as soon as the target reads it, they will be on their
guard?”
Mona grinned. “Right in one, Saber!” he replied. “The Palace will be on full alert once the
target knows we’re coming for them, so having an infiltration and exfiltration out is
essential!”
“W-wait,” Mash stammered out. “You said this is the doppelganger’s mind, right? Is there
any chance we would encounter her here? Would she know of our presence?”
Joker frowned. This was where they were getting into dangerous territory. “The doppelganger
won’t know we’re here, no matter what we do,” he reassured them. “As for whether we
encounter her here or not… we might encounter her Shadow – her subconscious self. If the
Shadow is killed, the person will also be killed as well. No one can survive without their
subconscious, after all. It will induce a mental shutdown. Death often follows after that.”
Archer smirked. “Well, sounds perfect for us,” he replied. “It’s very rare we have conditions
where we can pull off an assassination from an angle that no target could possibly expect.
We’ll be able to take her out without anyone the wiser here. Clean and quick.” The other
Servants nodded in approval.
“No.”
They all turned to Joker, who glared at everyone. “We are not killing her Shadow and that’s
final,” he growled out.
Siegfried frowned. “I do not understand your hesitation,” he said. “If we are in battle, then we
are to cut down our foes, are we not? How is this situation much different?”
“We’re Phantom Thieves,” Joker snapped back. “Phantom Thieves don’t kill people. We steal
the Treasure and make them confess their crimes and sins. That’s it . Otherwise, we’re no
better than our targets.”
“ Excusez-moi ,” Marie gently interjected. “But if that is the case… what ultimately is the
difference then in killing a Servant here than killing them in the real world?”
They all turned to Joker, whose mouth opened, then closed as he blinked furiously. He tried
to come up with an answer to refute them, but any words he could muster died in his throat.
The realization of what was truly going on had crashed into his mind now, and it left him
reeling.

He had been treating fighting Servants as the same as fighting humanoid shadows back in the
Metaverse. They talked and acted, sure, but ultimately they were still just more ethereal
beings than actual people. However, there was one key difference: Shadows didn’t have
Palaces of their own. People were the ones who had them. And the fact that Servants had
Palaces meant only one conclusion: Servants were people.
Neither he nor Morgana could say anything. They had already killed. Sure, they never landed
the killing blow, but that hardly mattered. They were still responsible for the death of various
Servants regardless. And that very thought dried his mouth and left him unable to respond.
“You have never killed before, have you, Master?” Saber asked softly, very quickly coming
to the realization. “Whatever battles you had, you either were able to defeat beings whose
deaths didn’t matter or resolved the situation without killing. You are experienced to your
own methods, not the viciousness of a battlefield.”
Joker gulped and turned away. He couldn’t answer, but that was as good as confirmation to
the others. The paradox in their Master was clear: He was skilled and experienced, a capable
tactician and diplomat, as well as a brave and cunning fighter. Yet up until he had reached
Chaldea, there had never been a reason to take a life.
Jeanne stepped forward. “Still, for now, I agree with you, Ren Amamiya,” she said. Everyone
looked at her in surprise. “If there is a method to get my doppelganger to repent without her
being killed, then it is worth trying.”
“It will be much harder to go through with that method than simply killing her outright,”
Archer pointed out with a frown.
Jeanne smiled. “The Lord bestows many trials upon us,” Jeanne answered simply. “And His
way is not always the simplest one. I refuse to believe that a doppelganger of mine is
irredeemable and wish to at least try by removing the core of her sins.”
Marie clapped her hands together. “ Tres bien ! Spoken like a true saint!” she chirped. “After
all, what was that old saying? ‘To err is to be human, to forgive, divine’? If we can lead a
doppelganger back to the path of righteousness, then all the better, non ?”
Saber looked between the two Frenchwomen, then sighed. “Very well, we shall attempt
Joker’s method,” she stated, resigned. “However, if that method becomes untenable, then we
shall not hesitate. Are we agreed on this front?”
The Servants all nodded while Joker and Mona stood there silent. There was nothing they
could say here. They long knew the Metaverse could be used to kill – after all, that was how
Akechi facilitated many of his assassinations and killings – but they had vowed they would
never take a life as a distinction from their targets. Shido in particular had used the Metaverse
to further his own agenda by killing off people or driving them psychotic.
Georgios turned towards the Masters. “Amamiya, Morgana, I recognize you two are not
comfortable with this,” he began. “However, when in a war, there is little option but to use
every option we can get, even if it’s unpalatable. A battlefield may be cruel and unforgiving,
but sometimes it is the lesser evil compared to what would happen if the opposition gains

victory.” He stepped forward and placed a gauntleted hand on Joker’s shoulder. “I ask you,
Amamiya – no, Joker – to see us through. We will fight by your side and help restore
humanity, however we can.”
Joker looked up at the dragonslaying saint’s eyes then turned to the others. Though they were
all sympathetic, they weren’t going to yield. At the very least, they were willing to go with
their regular methods thanks to Jeanne, but the fact that both he and Mona killed people
formed a hard pit in his stomach. Despite Georgios’s reassurances, he didn’t feel much better
about the whole situation, but he was right about one thing: One way or another, they needed
to get moving, or humanity would be lost.
He shoved aside his discomfort for now, allowing his metaphorical mask to slide back on.
“Right, first we need the lay of the land,” he explained to the others. “Usually, Palaces have
some sort of map that we can utilize. Schematics, pamphlets, things of that ilk. They’re
usually in security stations or more protected areas overall if they’re not nearby. Once we
have that, we can scout out a route to the Treasure and confirm it.”
Archer nodded. “I saw a guard outpost a few miles to the north of us,” he provided. “It’s
possible there will be a map there. We’ll make our way through the streets. Moving by
rooftops will give us away far too quickly.”
“That’s probably the best chance we’re going to get,” Mona replied, his expression
determined though uneasy. “Everyone, move out. And watch out for your movements –
stealth is paramount, unless we wanna get dogpiled by everything and everyone.”
With that, they began quickly and carefully traversing the frozen streets. Joker and Mona
having their Phantom Thief regalia and abilities allowed them to move much faster, keeping
pace with the other Servants, to the surprise of everyone who hadn’t entered Archer’s reality
marble. However, any questions were forestalled by being in the open with their mission in
mind. They had a long way to go, after all.
As they passed the streets, Jeanne stopped at one of the crosses lining the streets – and
gasped. Hearing this, everyone else stopped as well. “Something the matter… Jeanne…”
Joker asked, trailing off as he followed her gaze up the cross.
On it was a man crucified, his expressions twisted in agony, his blank eyes staring out into
nothing. Ice and snow had fallen around them, making the corpse look even more wizened
and gaunt. Frozen blood lined the wounds where his limbs had been nailed to the cross. Joker
took a step back in horror, then looked about. There were plenty more crosses lining the
streets – and all of them had people crucified on them.
“What a ghastly sight,” Mozart muttered. Marie’s normally cheerful features were pale and
blank, with Elizabeth and Kiyohime looking aghast as well. Jeanne and Georgios clasped
their hands together in a quiet prayer for the victims as Saber, Archer, and Siegfried looked
on grimly.
“We must press forward,” Saber urged, wrenching her eyes away from the sight. “Joker,
come. There’s nothing we can do for these people now.”

Joker mutely shook his head. “They’re… they’re not people,” he responded. His voice was
hollow, sounding like he was reciting something more than simply talking. “These are just
cognitions. They’re just facsimiles. But the fact they’re in the cognition here means that the
doppelganger has seen these people and…”
“Likely killed them too,” Mona stated, his tone also hollow. “Her distortion is Hell, after all.
She had no doubt they would come here.”
Saber glanced up at the cognitive victims. “Nevertheless, we cannot tarry here,” she replied.
Though her words were stern, they carried a tone of softness with them. “Please, Masters. We
must continue our mission, if only so her victims have some measure of peace in the end.”
Joker blinked, then nodded absentmindedly. “Right, right,” he murmured. He wrenched his
eyes away from the sight as he walked forward again. The sight of the victim was burnt into
his mind, however. He wasn’t about to forget that anytime soon. Mona followed close behind,
shivering, though this time not from cold. They needed to continue onward.
“SOMEBODY HELP! LORD, PLEASE HAVE MERCY!”
A woman’s screech pierced the air. Archer rounded on Joker and Mona. “Could someone else
have gotten in?” he asked hurriedly.
Mona shook his head. “That’s impossible!” Mona quickly replied. “No one can access the
Metaverse without the app or special abilities – Joker?!”
Before anyone could say anything, Joker had already taken off down the streets toward the
source of the sound. He knew it was probably just a cognition and it was probably better that
they ignored it and continued on their way, but with everything that was going on, he needed
to know he could save someone – anyone . Something to justify the fact that he had killed!
Rounding a corner, he turned - and froze, eyes widening with horror as a splatter of blood
landed on his boot.
The woman’s screams had long since gone silent, her eyes blank and unseeing, remnants of
tears and recently shed blood stained her face. Three grotesque creatures feasting on the
mangled remnants of her corpse, tearing into her warm almost steaming flesh, claws dripping
with carnage, jaws smeared with oozing red blood and chunks of glistening yellow fat.
Joker could only back away as one tore her left arm from her torso with a fleshy snap,
gnawing on it like one would a leg of chicken, audible crackling permeated the air as its maw
crushed bone. Another tore open her abdomen with a sickening squelch, savoring the
glistening viscera beneath. The creatures were gaunt and long, slightly larger than a person,
with coal black skin mottled with red. They had sharp horns and as they feasted, their spadelike tails lashed about. Whatever they were, they didn’t resemble humans in the slightest.
As he backed away, he trod on a loose piece of ice which crunched underneath his boots. The
creatures started at the noise, rapidly turning their heads toward Joker. Their yellow eyes
gleamed with sadistic bloodlust as they moved toward him in anticipation of a fresher meal.
Their fangs gleamed in the unnatural illumination, dripping with blood, as their claws left

dark red trails on the ice underneath. Slowly, the group broke off, one in front of Joker as the
other two circled to his flanks to surround him.
Gritting his teeth, he drew out his knife. His grip was tight and his limbs were shaky. Though
he tore his gaze from the corpse, his eyes couldn’t help but be drawn towards the carnage in
front of him. Even so, he had to focus. If he wasn’t careful here, these creatures could easily
murder him. The creature on his left darted forward, much faster than he expected. He nimbly
dodged to the side, the creature’s claw barely missing carving a slash on his stomach.
Backflipping away, his hand moved to his mask, which burned away.
“Metatron!”
The great metal angel appeared right behind him, its holy presence immediately getting the
creatures to back away. Raising its hands, beams of light shone down from above the
creatures, causing them to shriek in pain and terror. Encouraged, Joker switched his knife into
its gun form and took aim. With a burst of shots, the bullets found their marks in their heads
and limbs, hurting and crippling them. One of them hissed in rage and charged anyway,
leaping at Joker. Joker’s eyes widened. He wouldn’t have time to raise his gun –
A round of pellets struck hard at the creature’s skull, sending it flying back. Mona raced up
beside Joker, his slingshot in hand. “Diego!” he cried. The blue musketeer sprang up and,
tracing a pattern with his rapier, a windstorm blew up, cutting up the creatures. They turned
to flee before a hailstorm of arrows thudded down, turning them into pincushions. With a
gurgle, they fell still and vanished into black dust.
Mona rounded on Joker. “Joker, you should know more than any of us not to run off like
that!” he yelled. “That could’ve been a dangerous situation! Just what… were you…” His
eyes moved past Joker to the maimed corpse of the woman and fell silent in horror. The rest
of the Servants had arrived just as the corpse also disappeared into black dust as well.
“What… were they doing to her?” Mona whispered.
“They were eating her,” Joker growled, putting the gun away. “I was too late. Those creatures
got to her before I did. Just what creatures were those anyway?”
“Most likely demons,” Jeanne answered, staring at the spot where the woman’s corpse was.
Despite the disappearance of her body, blood still stained the ice where it had laid. “If this is
Hell like my doppelganger – like I – envisioned it, then there would undoubtedly be demons
here tormenting the wicked and the sinners that were cast down here.” She quietly clasped
her hands and murmured a prayer for the fallen woman.
Mona looked at Joker. “Those weren’t shadows, were they?” he asked.
Joker nodded in confirmation. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Those were cognitions. No masks or
anything.” He turned to Archer. “Did you see any masks on those wyverns you saw earlier?”
he asked.
Archer blinked in surprise, then shook his head. “No masks,” he replied. “They were more or
less like the wyverns we’ve been seeing all throughout France. Is something the matter?”

The leader of the Phantom Thieves ran a hand through his hair. “Normally, shadows manifest
in Palaces,” he explained. “They take whatever form is fitting for the Palace, like those
demons for example. They all usually wear some sort of mask. If you can tear off their
masks, you can catch them by surprise when they take their true shape: Jack-o-lanterns,
pixies, even angels or knights or other beings, depending.”
Kiyohime frowned. “Then these aren’t the same enemies you have faced before?” she asked.
“What does that mean for us, then? Is it pertinent to our situation?”
Mona shook his head. “Honestly, we don’t know,” he replied worriedly. “This is the first time
we’ve infiltrated a Servant’s Palace, and the outside world is way different than what we’re
used to. There’s a lot of factors and considerations that honestly, neither of us have dealt with.
Frankly, this Palace is almost as unfamiliar to us as it is to you guys.”
Saber frowned. “Then for the moment, our plans have not changed,” she stated. “We’ll make
our way to the guard outpost and see if there’s a map we can utilize. From there, we will be
able to plan our next step.” Everyone nodded. With that, they began moving again.
Occasionally they came across demons, but most of them either ran or were quickly felled by
the Servants as they moved.
Joker and Mona were once more reminded that Servants were just on another degree entirely.
Even Mash, who was the closest to them in terms of ability, was able to maneuver and
dispatch the demons with relative ease in comparison. The former had to wonder – what
would this Palace be like if the other Phantom Thieves were here?
Then he thought back to the demons devouring that woman and shook the idea out of his
head. He wasn’t about to subject his friends to that kind of fate, no matter what. He wouldn’t
take that chance.
The guard outpost was a single, solitary tower sitting among the wooden houses. It was
completely iced over, save for a single door that led inside, with a clockwise winding
staircase all the way to the top. Siegfried and Georgios stood guard outside as Joker, Mona,
and the rest of the Servants traversed up. The top of the tower was relatively bare. It was
dimly illuminated by the outside, with frozen racks of weapons lining the walls. In the middle
was a simple wooden table with a map spread out.
“Ugh, wish there was some better lighting,” Mona complained as he hopped on the table to
look at the map. “Looks like this map is just for part of the city,” he stated. “It also covers
part of the castle here, but not enough for us to get a clear view of where to go.” He pointed
out to the corner of the map, where the outline of the walls and keep were. “From the looks
of it, there’s two more guard outposts, one a couple miles to the east of us and the other to the
northeast. If we get them both, we should have enough of a map to work with.”
Nodding, Joker took the map, rolling it up and tucking it into his coat pocket. There were
certain items from Palaces that seemed to maintain themselves back in reality. A good portion
of them was junk that he would sell to Iwai. He had no doubt the man undercut him
considerably, but he also never asked questions and was the only one who would buy the
items. Plus, the prices he bought the items for never varied nor did he ever demand more.

And besides, the model gun seller more than paid dividends with his customization skills and
his stock of weapons, which proved more than useful as equipment for Palace infiltrations.
Joker’s mind wandered for a bit. He wondered how he and Kaoru were doing. They definitely
seemed a lot closer than before. The gecko pin he had given to Joker was back home in the
closet – a proof that they were essentially family in all but blood. Yet another thing he wished
he brought with him.
“Master, we should get moving,” Archer pointed out. Joker blinked before nodding. Right.
They still had a mission to accomplish. Descending the stairs with everyone else, they
stepped out back onto the streets – when a loud roar echoed throughout the city. Everyone
stopped, summoning their respective weapons.
Further down the street, several demons and wyverns scampered around a corner, obviously
terrified. Something massive crashed through the buildings instead. Through the cloud of ice,
snow, and debris, claws shot out and snatched them. The creatures could only yelp and shriek
helplessly as they were dragged in, where sounds of flesh ripping and bones breaking echoed
throughout the streets.
As the cloud settled, the group could more clearly see the monstrosity. It bit into a demon,
tearing it in half and devouring it in a single gulp before shoving the rest into its mouth. Fresh
blood dripped from its fangs and maw as it ate, its claws bloody as well. However, as
horrifying as it was, that wasn’t what got their attention. It was the creature’s appearance.
It looked exactly like Joker’s Satan persona.
The cognitive Satan looked up after finishing its meal and laid its eyes on the group. Its
baleful gaze bore down on them, sending chills up Joker and Morgana’s spine. Then it roared
and began slithering towards them on its serpentine body, clawing at the streets to gain more
speed and ground. Archer loosed an explosive arrow. The explosion sent a shockwave
through the air as it collided with the monstrosity… and didn’t slow it down even an inch.
Joker paled. They were in no way, shape, or form to fight a cognitive creature like THAT
right now! Their formation and battleground were all wrong. There was only one option.
“Everyone, RUN!”

Chapter End Notes

Here's the Discord link once more:
https://discord.gg/h2GmME4V

Chapter 26: Divided We Stand
Chapter Summary

The Devil is in the details. Literally.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Okay, I think we’re safe here.”
The group had managed to find a safe room as they bolted from the Satan cognition. Mona
had pointed it out as they ran and, lacking any better options, all of them piled in without
question. They heard the stomping and crashing of the cognition growing louder as it drew
closer… and faded as it moved away. Everyone was panting, catching their breath, and at
Mona’s announcement (who had his ear at the door), everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
“Good catch, Mona,” Joker panted. “That was too close.”
“Still, how did you know this place would be safe?” Siegfried asked, looking around with a
frown. The room they were in was frosted over as opposed to frozen, with cruder wooden
chairs and tables strewn about. Then the image of the room flickered, revealing a dilapidated
ruin of a house, the furniture all burnt and broken, before flicking back to its frosted, ruined
state. The dragonslayer blinked in surprise. “What on…?”
“This place is a safe room,” Mona explained. “It’s where the cognition of the Palace’s Ruler –
in this case, the doppelganger Jeanne – is weaker than most. I wasn’t taking too close a look
before, but there are actually a lot of safe rooms in the city. It makes sense – nobody’s going
to remember every single room of every single building in a city. That’s just ridiculous.”
He turned to Joker. “But we have bigger concerns right now,” Mona muttered. “Joker, what
the hell was that?! That was your Satan persona we just saw out there!”
Joker held up his hands in innocence. “Hey, I had nothing to do with that one this time!” he
exclaimed. “I didn’t even summon him at all in this Palace!”
“Wait,” Georgios interjected. “You make it sound like this is Ren’s fault. How is that the
case? And you called it… Satan? I wish to believe the names are a coincidence, but I doubt
this. Can you explain, please?”
The two Masters looked over at Georgios from their argument and glanced at each other.
Joker sighed. “It’s part of my… abilities,” Joker explained. “I can summon cognitive versions
of certain beings from mythologies and religions and use their power. They’re not real – it’s
basically the version that’s in the collective unconsciousness’s minds is probably the best way

to put it. I pulled this out on the doppelganger a lot earlier, and I’m guessing I must’ve really
scared her; this is the first time I’ve seen a persona like that as someone’s cognition.”
Georgios, Kiyohime, and Elizabeth could only blink, dumbfounded. “There was not a single
lie in what you just said,” Kiyohime whispered. “Master of Chaldea… who – no, what are
you?”
Joker could only give a tired smile as he sat down heavily on a nearby crate. “Honestly?” he
replied bluntly. “Someone who’s been in far too many life-threatening situations than a
teenager should ever have to go through.”
He looked up at the Berserker. “You’re asking me what I am, Kiyohime? I’m a guy from
modern Japan fighting in medieval France alongside superhumans, including two saints, a
fabled king, a dragonslayer, someone who can shoot exploding arrows and swords, and way
more, against the doppelganger of one of said saints who can command dragons and zombies,
trying to restore humanity that’s apparently been incinerated last week. Frankly, I’d like to
think I’m the most ordinary guy here at this point.”
The Servants all looked at one another uncomfortably. This was the most forthright they had
seen their Master. Morgana himself hopped up to the crate and sat beside Ren, placing a paw
on his arm. Ren only smiled in return and gently patted his friend, getting quiet purrs in
return. Mash twiddled her hands, wanting to approach but unsure how to do so.
Jeanne sighed. “He is telling the truth,” she confirmed. “The beings he conjures are not real,
but because of what everyone believes them to be, we cannot help but perceive them as such.
No doubt my doppelganger believes the same.”
“But how would it frighten your doppelganger?” Saber asked. “If your doppelganger has
renounced God and her faith, then it shouldn’t have such a profound effect on her.”
Jeanne frowned, lowering her head in thought. Then she turned back to Joker. “Ren, could
you perhaps summon Satan once more?”
Joker blinked in surprise. “Is that a good idea?” he asked warily.
“There is something I wish to check,” she explained. “If so, it shall be instrumental in
knowing what frightened my doppelganger so. I do not wish to force you, but if you are able
to, then please.”
The Master of Chaldea made no reply. He looked over to Mona for a suggestion. The catlike
being frowned in thought, then sighed. “I don’t suppose it’ll hurt, but I’ll back you up if
something happens,” he resignedly admitted. He glared at the Servants. “All of you get to the
far side of the room, and no funny business, got it?!” he snapped.
The Servants blinked but immediately obeyed. They moved to the far side of the room,
leaving Joker plenty of room to work with while Mona kept a wary eye. Joker noted that
Archer was still close to the door and was paying more attention to it than him. He was
probably keeping guard still. But the fact that Archer cared more about intruders than him
meant one particular thing: He trusted him. That… was an odd feeling.

Pushing the feeling aside for now, he stood up from the crate and moved to the far side of the
room. Moving Satan to the forefront of his mind, he moved his hand to his face, the mask
burning off once more as he called forth the persona.
“Satan.”
With a burst of flame, the blue monstrosity appeared sprang into being. Though spectral and
ethereal, it still took up a lot of space and barely fit within the safe room. The response was
immediate: All the Servants instinctively started, lowering themselves into a combat stance at
the presence of an aspect of the Devil.
However, none had as profound a reaction as Elizabeth. The Lancer immediately collapsed
on her rear, staring up at the persona with naked fear, her teeth chattering as she trembled.
Seeing her reaction, Joker immediately released his power, allowing it to fade away. The
Servants collected themselves, shooting apprehensive looks at the Master. Joker, in turn,
walked forward and offered a hand to Elizabeth. “Sorry about that,” he murmured. “You
alright?”
Elizabeth blinked up at Ren, then blushed as she took his hand to help her stand up. “O-o-of
course, p-p-puppy!” she stuttered, trying to reclaim her bravado (though her shaking legs
very much undercut that notion). “A-a-an idol d-d-d-doesn’t give in t-t-t-to fear s-s-so easily,
nope!”
Joker nodded with a smirk. “True enough,” he admitted. “You’re making good steps towards
being a great idol at this rate, Elizabeth.” At the compliment, she turned even redder and
looked away, unable to form any more words. The display helped defrost the tension that had
been fostering among the Servants as it gave way to amusement or exasperation towards the
antics of the two.
“Elizabeth, if you do not mind me asking,” Jeanne interjected. “Why did you collapse? We
all had a reaction, of course, to the being Ren conjured, but none of us had as intense a
reaction as you did.”
The Lancer gaped, then scowled and pointed to where the persona had been. “Because it was
a big monster that looked exactly like the one we just saw!” she screeched. “I’m a brave idol,
but I’m not brave enough for that! Excuse me, saint, for being scared to death of it!”
“I would be wary of your words, Elizabeth Bathory,” Kiyohime murmured, her eyes sharp
and her voice tinged with anger. “You do not lie, but neither was that the whole truth. Speak
plainly or not at all.”
Elizabeth gaped at the Berserker’s blunt words, then groaned in frustration. “Fine, fine!” she
snapped. Then she lowered her head. “It felt like… I was being judged,” she murmured, her
voice tiny. “For all my sins: Past, present, and future. Like I was going to be condemned and
tormented for eternity. It… it felt like Judgment Day for me. It’s… it’s why I wanted to be an
idol. I don’t wanna follow that road. Not again…” Her eyes were tearing up as she hugged
herself, trying to suppress the tremors in her body.

Georgios strode forward and placed a comforting hand on Elizabeth’s shoulder. “To choose a
new path away from your sins is one so few will follow,” he complimented kindly. “Your
resolve is admirable, and I’ve no doubt you’ll see it through.”
The Lancer blinked up at Georgios in surprise, then wiped away the tears while flipping her
hair. “N-naturally!” she boasted, her bravado returning despite the telltale tremor in her voice.
“I’m gonna be Elizabeth Bathory, the number one idol! And I’ll let nothing stand in my way
of that!”
The dragonslaying saint smiled at her newfound resolve, then turned back to Jeanne. “What
do you think?” he asked the Ruler. “That was an aspect of the Devil that Ren has summoned,
no doubt, but I didn’t feel… repulsed by it, overall.”
Jeanne nodded slowly, frowning in thought. “Yes,” she murmured. “Its countenance was
extraordinarily stern, but… fair. It did not feel like a tempter or evil.” She lowered her head,
thinking back to her lessons and sermons at church. “It is said that the Devil is one who
torments the wicked and the cruel,” she mused. “Perhaps that is the aspect Ren has
summoned? A punisher and tormentor of sinners? Er-“ She turned to Elizabeth. “Apologies
for offending you, Elizabeth-“
The Lancer waved away the apology. “Yeah, I know I’m a sinner, and a monstrous one too,”
she sighed. “That's why I want to be an idol nowadays. I don’t wanna do that anymore.”
“Um, right,” Jeanne stammered. Taking a breath to regain her composure, she continued.
“Perhaps that is why we aren’t as adversely affected then?” she asked, looking around the
room. “We are not considerable sinners in that regard and only reacted because of the fear of
the Devil.” Everyone looked at each other. There seemed to be a solid argument, if only
because there really wasn’t an explanation otherwise.
Joker looked at the deliberating Servants, then sighed. “There’s… one more aspect of the
Devil I’m utilizing,” he hesitatingly called out, garnering the attention of the other Servants.
“We probably could test that theory right now, if you guys want. I’m gonna warn you again
though: It’s just a cognition, not the actual thing, so I’m trusting you guys not to kill me on
the spot. Alright?”
The Servants all looked at each other. Jeanne nodded to the Master. “I swear, we shall not
allow harm to come to you in this circumstance, Ren Amamiya,” she vowed. Joker looked at
the other Servants who, while they seemed uneasy, didn’t dispute the argument or the
decision. Mona still stood guard, ready in case someone tried something. Well, it was now or
never. He switched to the most powerful persona he currently held in his mind and brought
his hand once more to his face.
“Lucifer.”
In a flash of blue flame, another large figure appeared. Resembling a muscular yet emaciated
man with dark gray skin, it had flowing blonde hair which contrasted with its powerful red
eyes. Large, sharp horns jutted out from its forehead. Three great pairs of demonic wings
were on its back, and his body was loosely wrapped by a flowing white cloth. While the

figure was completely naked, its body had no discerning parts whatsoever, making it look far
more inhuman despite its shape.
This time, the response from the Servants was far more drastic. Marie shrieked as Mozart
quickly backpedaled into the wall. Saber, Archer, Siegfried, and Mash immediately
summoned their weapons, facing the persona. Elizabeth followed suit albeit a bit haltingly,
while Kiyohime glared daggers at it, the temperature around her rising quickly.
However, the most striking response came from the saints. Jeanne brandished her flag as
Georgios immediately drew his sword. They both looked pale and fearful, horrified at the
sight of Lucifer. Joker, seeing everyone’s reactions, immediately cut the connection, allowing
the persona to fade away to nothing. A tense few seconds ticked by as everyone held their
breaths before finally, their weapons were slowly lowered.
“That was… That was…” Jeanne panted, her hand to her chest. Her eyes were still wide as
her skin started regaining their pallor.
“Without a doubt, the Devil, albeit in the aspect he’s more known for,” Georgios concluded
as he sheathed his blade, his breath shaky. “The malevolence and weight of the sin I felt from
that being was unmistakable. Its nature is far too unstable to be relied upon.” He turned to
Joker. “You said the name of that aspect was Lucifer?”
Joker nodded. As he recalled, Lucifer was the original name of the Devil, meaning
‘Lightbringer’. He only became the Devil after he rebelled against God and was cast down
from Heaven as a result. After that, different religions had different takes on him, but in
general he was either cast as a figure of true evil, or another figure under God’s command to
tempt humanity as well as punish sinners.
Jeanne stood back up, collecting herself as her flagpole vanished once more. “At least that
concludes my theory,” she murmured. “They are different aspects of the Devil, not the Devil
himself.” She glanced over at the Master. “I advise you for your sake, Ren, to never summon
that particular aspect,” she sternly warned him. “The evil I felt from it was unmistakable.
Should you bring him to bear, I do not doubt you shall make many enemies from the
misunderstanding.”
“Yep, already ahead of you on that,” Joker muttered, rubbing the back of his neck. He was
thinking back of when he had that nervous breakdown back when the Servants first
confronted him about Satan. He had been on the cusp of summoning Lucifer before Mona
knocked him out. That had been an extremely close call. If he did summon Lucifer that time,
it was all too likely that any future interactions with his Servants would be… tense, in the
best-case scenario. He had seriously dodged a bullet there. He made a mental note to give
Mona some of the finest curry he could make when they finally got back from this
singularity.
“Right, now that that’s explained and taken care of, we should get to planning,” Archer
drawled. He resumed leaning on the wall beside the door. He and Siegfried shared one glance
before the dragonslayer took the other side. Meanwhile, the other Servants gathered around
the table as Mona pulled out the map and laid it on the table.

“Right, there’s one guard outpost over here,” he stated, pointing to a corner of the map where
the circular building was situated. “There’s another one a bit north of that one. It’s not on the
map though – probably on the next map.” He tapped the empty spot where the guard
outpost’s estimated spot would be. “Normally, I’d say we hit the next guard outpost together,
get the map, then move on to the last one, but with that cognitive Satan outside, we might not
be able to. A larger group might draw its attention again.”
“Still, it may be unwise to split our numbers,” Saber mused, quickly realizing Mona’s idea.
“Having our combined strength together may allow us to fend off the creature, buying us
time to reach the guard outposts. Not to mention, there might be other ambushes and traps
within the city that we are not yet aware of.”
“Probably, but it’s a risk we’ll have to take,” Mona replied, frowning. “Palaces always have
security, and if it gets too high, it means the subconscious will be aware of us and forcefully
kick us out. We can’t afford that unless we want everything to be a massive waste of time.
Not to mention, smaller groups have a better chance of sneaking past Satan’s attention.” He
pointed to a midway point between the two guard outposts. “There should be a safe room or
so here,” he said. “We can rendezvous once we have the maps, get a clear picture, and then
proceed from there.”
It was a risky plan without a doubt, but there was little in terms of options at this point. They
needed to move quickly before the subconscious could be fully aware of their presence and
before the doppelganger could muster her forces for an all-out attack while they were still
stuck here. With much deliberation, they split into two teams.
The first team would be heading to the eastern outpost. It consisted of Mona, Marie, Mozart,
Elizabeth, Saber, and Jeanne. It was a mapped-out area, meaning they could find a clear path
toward the tower or any detours as necessary. It was better to take the less capable
combatants and use the safer, shorter path, with Saber being the proverbial muscle if push
came to shove during the route.
The second team would be heading to the northeast outpost. Joker, Mash, Siegfried,
Georgios, Kiyohime, and Archer would be heading there. The area was unmapped and
relatively unknown. Archer’s scouting capabilities combined with support and
foreknowledge from Joker would be essential. Mash would be needed to protect Joker, and
Siegfried and Georgios provided a solid fighting force, with Kiyohime providing no small
amount of backup. It would bring them perilously close to the castle but there wasn’t much
option there either – detouring around the castle would simply take too much time.
Before they all left, Joker and Mona took out and distributed the flashbangs and smoke
bombs they had received from Da Vinci between the two groups. Joker had been holding the
majority but now wasn’t the time to be sparing with them. Each group had two flashbangs
and two smoke bombs. The smoke bombs were to be used as either an escape or to ambush
the enemy as needed. The flashbangs, however, had another purpose.
“If you guys need help or backup, toss this straight up,” Joker explained. “A Servant should
be able to throw these pretty high, so we’ll all be able to see and hear it. It won’t leave a
smoke trail, but I doubt that’ll be necessary with how fast everyone is.” Everyone nodded.

Even a low ranked Servant’s agility was far faster than a normal human, and thanks to their
Phantom Thief regalia and abilities, both Joker and Mona could also keep pace as well.
As they stepped outside, Mona pointed to the room they exited. “See the fuzziness around the
edges of the doors?” he asked. The Servants looked and indeed, the door looked blurry and
wavy to their eyes. “That, and the feel of it, is how you identify a safe room,” he stated. “If
you guys need to take shelter, duck into the nearest one. Cognitions and shadows can’t follow
you in there.”
Joker looked back at the group. “Alright, we have our missions and the plan,” he said. “Let’s
get to it. It’s showtime.” With that, everyone broke up into their individual groups. The first
team marched east with Mona in the lead while group two made quick progress towards the
north before they would cut east as well. It was a straightforward, simple plan that would get
them what they needed and allow them to figure out the next step.
So everyone knew something was going to go wrong.
---------Mona led his group confidently through the winding frozen walkways of the Orleans back
streets. The main roads would be a straight shot, but it was also wide open. The Satan
cognition could easily spot them if they moved there. Thus, they maneuvered between alleys
and narrow streets. Of course, that presented its own challenges: Demons lurked about, ready
and waiting to ambush them. In the narrow streets with ruined buildings, open doors and
windows, and tight corners, it was all too harrowing.
As such, the formation became Mona scouting ahead, Saber as the vanguard, Marie and
Mozart in the middle, with Jeanne and Elizabeth taking up the rearguard. The catlike Master
crouched down beside a wall as he peered around a corner. He moved back to the others.
“Two demons,” he quickly reported. “One patrolling the streets, and one clinging onto the
underside of a roof, probably to ambush anyone trying to take out the first demon.”
Saber nodded before darting ahead. The first demon only had time to turn its head toward the
Servant before it was cleaved in two by her invisible sword. As the second demon detached
from the ceiling to pounce on her, she turned around and with that momentum swung
upward. Two halves of the demon fell on either side of her, landing on the icy road like a wet
splat. The others quickly caught up, Mona giving a nod of appreciation to the Saber before
once more scouting ahead.
Elizabeth glanced over at Jeanne. The saint was keeping watch but she seemed distracted.
Following her eyes, she noticed that she was looking at the frozen crucified victims that lined
the roads and smaller courtyards that dotted throughout their path.
She sighed, annoyed. “Saint or not, we’re not gonna stop at every victim to pray for them,”
Elizabeth scoffed. “From what the puppy and kitty said, they’re not even real anyway. If
you’re gonna pray, you’re better off doing it in the actual city, not the head of a crazy
doppelganger.”

Jeanne blinked at the Lancer’s words, then shook her head. “N-no, that wasn’t why I was
looking at them,” she replied. “I was trying to see if any of these victims were familiar to me
or were someone I knew. If this is my doppelganger’s mind, then I should see someone I
know here.”
Elizabeth stared, then sighed. “Look, I know how awesome your legend is – pretty sure
everyone knows it at this point – but you can’t seriously expect to memorize every single fan
or follower of yours,” she snapped. “Heck, as an idol, even I can barely remember my fans’
faces! There’s just too many of them for me to keep track of! Are you seriously expecting to
find some random nobody from the masses among the bodies here? Come on, there’s limits
to being a celebrity, you know.”
The saint shook her head as they marched forward. “No, not like that,” she replied, brushing
off the countess’s attitude. “It’s just… if this is truly my doppelganger, I should know some
faces here. There have been people in my life that I still remember clearly. The commanders
as I argued with them over battle plans. My men as we ate dinner and talked about their days
and lives. The Dauphin, who I helped raise as king of France. And…” She trailed off.
The Lancer raised an eyebrow in question. “And?” she prodded.
“My family,” Jeanne whispered. “My mama and papa. My brothers and sister. Even
throughout my long campaign, following His will and command, they have never left my
prayers. I missed them dearly.” She looked up at the victims once more. “Yet all these faces
are unfamiliar to me. There is nobody here I recognize, despite passing by many victims of
my doppelganger’s rampage.”
Elizabeth’s eyes widened. “Wait, then what are you saying?” she demanded.
Jeanne gulped. “Perhaps…” she mused. “Perhaps this doppelganger of mine isn’t my
doppelganger at all.”
“While this is a most interesting conversation, ladies, perhaps it’d be better suited once we’ve
reached safety?” Mozart interrupted, his eyes darting around as he nervously fiddled with his
conductor’s baton. “I do not wish for my most recent piece to be a requiem, especially one
centered around me. I've got far too much music to write!”
“That or whatever other nonsense you have in your mind, my dear Mozart,” Marie sighed,
walking beside him. Despite the gentle smile on her face, the tension in her body was
evident. “But not to fear, we’re coming up on the tower now. Once we have the map, then off
we trot!”
“I fear it may not be so easy,” Saber muttered.
Before anyone could ask, Mona came running back almost on cue. “I didn’t see any more
demons,” he reported. “We’ll have to cross the street and get to the tower. Normally it
wouldn't be a problem, except I saw three frozen crucifixes in front of the door. I don’t like
the looks of them.”

Saber frowned. “No doubt guards or sentries of some sort,” she quickly concluded. “We must
be swift, whether in securing the map and fleeing or defeating them before we continue. Did
you spot a way around them?”
Mona shook his head. “No easy path that I could see,” he replied. “There’s only one way in
and one way out. Easy to guard.”
Jeanne nodded, her face grim. “Then we have no choice but to fight,” she replied. “Let us
proceed and figure out our plan from there.” Everyone advanced. Turning one more corner,
the alley opened to a street. Directly ahead of them was the guard outpost. In front of the door
stood three pillars of ice, with crucifixes barely visible within. Most of the other crucifixes
lined the streets and were often fully or partially exposed. Mona seemed to correct: They
were guards of some sort.
As they stepped cautiously towards the guard outpost. A crack of ice issued through the dead
air, stopping the group. More cracks appeared on the three ice pillars, then they shattered in
an explosion of ice. The victims mounted on the crucifixes pulled themselves off their crosses
and landed on the ground. Their hands and legs had bleeding holes in them where they had
been nailed to the wood, but it didn’t seem to hinder them at all as a faint black fog
surrounded them. The three victims each summoned their own weapons: a rapier, a scepter,
and an executioner’s sword.
“You again?!” Mona cried in disbelief.
Chevalier d’Eon gave a friendly smile. “Bonjour, monsieur cat,” they greeted pleasantly. “I
have strict orders not to let anyone pass us here – as well as to cut down all intruders. So I
must ask that you-“
“YOU!”
The fencer blinked as Elizabeth stomped forward and glared hatefully at the berserk Assassin
– Carmilla. “I finally found you!” she snarled. “You’re going around spoiling my name! As
an idol, I’m not gonna let that pass! Come on you old hag, I’m taking you out!”
Carmilla scoffed. “Was I truly this uncouth and impetuous as a child?” she asked in disbelief.
“How unsightly. But an idol? Utter nonsense. You cannot hide from what you are and what
you’ve done, Elizabeth Bathory. I have at least learned to accept and relish it, as is my right
as a countess. I have sought beauty everlasting and shall seek it evermore. And I shall carve
that lesson into you, cut by bloody cut. You may be a young maiden, but I do not require your
blood. Only your life.”
“Ah, Marie, most pleasant to see you again,” Sanson greeted, a serene smile across his lips.
“We were interrupted last time. But now, we shall have this stage to ourselves. Please, come,
allow me to show you bliss once more with the edge of my blade. My sword is finely honed
for you, Marie.”
Then he scowled at the Caster. “Mozart, I must ask that you take your leave. I do not have the
patience or mercy for you. Interfere and I shall make sure your end is gruesome and painful.”

Marie rolled her eyes. “Why must I always be surrounded by perverts?” she demanded,
stomping her foot. “Sanson, non. I accepted my execution then and felt nothing when you
felled me. Certainly not pleasure! I will rid you of that disgusting notion right now!”
“Indeed, Maria,” Mozart agreed. “Come! As it turns out, I do have to write a requiem - for
the lot of you! I shall compose it at the speed of sound!”
Saber lifted her sword. “How did her Servants get in?” she demanded, not taking her eyes off
their opponents.
Mona shook his head as he brought out his scimitar. “They’re not the actual Servants,” he
pointed out. “They’re cognitions! We don’t know how strong they are, so everyone be
careful!”
With that, the three cognitions charged forward, weapons ready to strike.
---------Joker ran by himself through the icy streets, glancing behind him for his pursuer. The ambush
happened almost immediately, and with such ferocity that none of them had seen it coming
until it was too late. He didn’t know where everyone else was. He could only hope they were
doing alright. For now, he knew they were in a bad situation – separated and without any clue
to their surroundings, they were just ready to be picked off.
Turning a corner, he pressed his back flat against the wall, catching his breath. Hauntingly
beautiful organ music echoed through the air. For some reason, he felt far weaker than he
usually did, even in the real world. The feeling of weakness started when they all heard the
organ. He needed to find the source, but the music was echoing through the icy buildings so
much it was almost impossible to tell its direction. Getting to the rooftops would be the best
way to do that, but that had been a mistake. Now he had a pursuer and lost track of everyone
else.
Joker scowled. He would have to risk it again. If he didn’t take down that musician, they
would all be in deep trouble. He could only hope everyone else was handling themselves
okay. Raising a hand, he began aiming his grappling hook at the rooftops once more when he
heard a cracking beside him. He only had time to glance over before a figure exploded
through the wall. Barely raising his knife in time, Joker was shoved back further down the
alley, colliding hard against a wall. And before him, wielding his tainted greatsword once
more…
“AAAAAAARRRTHUUUUURRRRRR!!!!!!”

Chapter End Notes

Discord here: https://discord.gg/nJfpm3ya

Chapter 27: Blood
Chapter Summary

Servants aren't Shadows. Joker learns the hard way.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Joker was confident about his combat ability. Throughout his Metaverse adventures, he had
directed and led his friends through many battles. He fought against the cognitive Shido oneon-one when the man was pushed to the corner. His Wild Card abilities allowed him to take
advantage of any enemy’s weaknesses, allowing him to quickly secure openings and quickly
bring an enemy down. He always had his friends backing him up, with Morgana, Futaba, and
Makoto providing much-needed combat intel, allowing him to quickly form strategies.
However, that all meant nothing when faced with the Berserker. Howling, the black knight
charged forward, the ice breaking underneath his grieves as he brandished his sword. Joker
thought that a madman’s sword swings would be easy to dodge, but that was hardly the case
– far too often, he only dodged by a hair’s breadth. The blade was wielded with precision and
skill of a master swordsman. A careless dodge meant the knight gained another foot on him.
Once, the tip barely grazed his front, and yet he felt all the weaker for it as his persona
absorbed the damage.
He scowled. Cu Chulainn was already at the forefront of his mind with his resistance to
physical attacks but that only barely helped. The Berserker’s attacks just came far too thick
and fast for him to do much. He fired off a few shots but the bullets were deflected by the
knight’s armor without slowing him down even a little. He needed just one small opening to
finish it quickly.
Reaching into his coat pocket, he took out a smoke bomb and tossed it at his feet just as the
knight lunged, roaring. Out exploded a thick, black smoke that was far more blinding than
even Joker had anticipated. He aimed up and shot his grappling hook, which attached itself to
the side of a roof. It retraced and pulled, moving him with only split seconds to spare as the
blade came down where his head was just a moment ago.
Flipping forward, he landed on his feet behind as the knight swiveled around, roaring. It
would only be disoriented for a split second, but that was all he needed.
“Cu Chulainn!”
The armored warrior once more sprang into being. It crouched down low, grinning madly, as
its red spear began glowing with the power being gathered. There wasn’t any time to play
around. This might be overkill, but he needed this to end with one shot. The only comfort he

had with using this ability was that it was just a cognition in front of him, not the actual
Servant. The knight whirled about at the feeling of power in the air, roaring in rage, but it was
too late.

“Gae Bolg!”

The Persona charged forward, lunging with the red spear. The Berserker raised its blade to
deflect the blow. However, it was pointless – the Gae Bolg was a spear that reversed
causality. The motion of thrusting was merely a formality. Once the Noble Phantasm was
invoked, the victim’s heart was pierced, with no way to defend or avoid the blow. The spear
was a bending red line as it streaked past the knight’s blade, pierced the armor, and sank deep
into its chest, transfixing the knight.
Neither warrior moved for a few seconds. The persona then withdrew its spear before fading
away, causing blood to spray from the Berserker’s new wound that splattered onto the ice
below. The knight’s only response was to shudder before going still, the red light in its visor
winking out. The only sound that echoed through the streets and buildings now was the
reverberating notes of the haunting organ.
Joker breathed a sigh of relief, wincing as he felt his strength drop from the use of the Noble
Phantasm. It didn’t drain quite as much as he expected, but it was still a considerable drop,
nevertheless. He couldn’t use it too many times in a row without incapacitating himself. He
didn’t want to imagine what would happen if he tried to use it outside the Metaverse.
Chances were good he’d drop dead on the spot.
He glanced where the armored knight still stood. With its heart pierced, the Berserker should
disappear before long. He once more aimed his grappling hook toward the roof when he
heard the creaking of armor again. That was the only warning he had before the knight’s
visor’s malevolent light flashed and with a howl, charged at Ren. Caught off guard, he was
too slow to react – the knight grabbed him by the head in a vice-like grip and lifted him in the
air.
Screaming, Joker tried to pry off the knight’s hand, but it was far too strong. He tried kicking,
but his boots just bounced off its armor. The pain shattered whatever concentration he needed
to summon his personas. It felt like his head would be crushed like a grape! Through its
fingers, he could still see the Berserker as it raised its blade. His eyes widened as he fought
with renewed desperate vigor, but the knight didn’t budge an inch. He was going to be gutted
like a fish-!
“SENPAI!”
Something crashed hard into the Berserker’s back, forcing it to drop Ren with a roar of pain.
Taking the opportunity, Joker staggered away, his head throbbing and spinning, his vision
bleary. He could hardly focus. The sounds of crashing metal behind him brought fresh waves

of torment to his brain. He took his hands from his head and looked. His gloves were a bit
darker now. No. They were stained. Was it… blood? His own blood?
“S-SENPAI! GET IT TOGETHER! PLEASE!”
Blinking, he turned around. Everything was a bit hazy. His eyes blinked underneath his mask,
trying to focus. There was that black knight, roaring as it hacked away at a new target. She
was barely fending it off, each blow sending her shield careening away before she yanked it
to another position, only just blocking the next strike. Each attack forced her to give more
and more ground, her face the picture of desperation. Yet despite everything, she only took
her eyes off the knight once – to look at him.
It cost her.
With a roar, the Berserker’s sword slammed into the side of the shield. The sheer momentum
of the blow flung her right into the side of a building, sending her crashing against the wall.
Razor sharp icicles fell free from the edges of the roof. Her eyes widened, but before she
could lift her shield, the knight charged her again. She knelt as she raised her shield to brace
herself.
The icicles rained down, slicing into parts of her exposed skin, causing her to cry in pain as
the knight battered away at her shield. “SENPAI!” she screamed.
Joker blinked, his mind quickly falling back into place. Within moments, he saw the
situation: Mash was currently pinned down by the Berserker, who was madly whaling away
at her, and unable to do anything. Cursing himself, he quickly raised a hand to his face once
more as his mask burned off.
“Cu Chulainn!”
The persona once more sprang into existence, lunging at the mad knight. The Berserker
whirled around, its profaned blade meeting the red spear of the Irish hero in a furious clash.
Meanwhile, Joker dashed forward, grabbing Mash and pulling her to safety. “Mash!” he
called out. “Are you alright?”
Mash blinked, then nodded. “Minimal damage, Master,” she responded quickly, turning back
towards the fight. Joker glanced at the Shielder. The icicles had left cuts on her body, the
wounds weeping blood. He mentally cursed himself. Letting his guard down for even one
moment was a mistake, and someone got hurt because of it.
Mentally directing his persona, he made sure the knight was turned away from them before
cutting the connection, the Berserker now swinging at empty air. Quickly switching, he called
out another persona.
“Maria!”
The carved relief of the saint appeared once more. At the presence of the holy figure, the
Berserker turned once more and roared, though it was hesitant to charge or even step forward.
Joker blinked with surprise, then tossed the feeling aside. This was their opening. The relief

glowed with power, illuminating both Joker and Mash in a green light as a refreshing spring
breeze flowed around them. The pain of their injuries receded as all their wounds were
healed. A measure of energy was restored as well, which surprised Joker, though the feeling
was fleeting.
“Thank you, senpai,” Mash called out gratefully, sighing with relief as the cuts sealed
themselves. Joker nodded before analyzing the situation. Neither of them were in the best
condition, thanks to the infernal organ, and the Berserker was only held at bay by the
presence of Maria. Thankfully it was far less taxing to keep her out in the Metaverse than it
was in the real world, but it wouldn’t hold the knight for long. It was extremely strong and
skilled. Fighting it wouldn’t be easy, not without the other Servants.
“Did you see any of the others?” Joker asked, never taking his eyes off the Berserker, who
was currently standing stock still, staring up at the persona.
Mash shook her head. “After the ambush, I lost track of everyone,” she answered sadly. “I
thought I saw one or two enemy Servants, but they moved too fast and I lost track. I heard
your battle though and raced here as fast as I could.”
Joker flashed her a grateful smile. “Well, you came at the best time possible, Mash,” he said
earnestly. “Thanks. A bit longer and things would’ve gotten really bad for me.” Mash blushed
and nodded quickly before focusing back on the Berserker, who was steadily getting more
and more impatient. The hole in its chest was still dripping out blood but that didn’t hinder it
at all, seemingly. The presence of Maria wasn’t going to hold him for long.
Before he could think of anything, the sword vanished from the Berserker’s hands. Black fog
started emitting from his armor as another weapon appeared in its hands. It was large,
cylindrical, with multiple barrelsBoth Joker and Mash’s eyes widened at the gatling gun pointed directly at them. “Senpai,
behind me!” Mash shouted as she surged forward, raising her shield. The knight howled as
the gun began firing, sending an endless river of bullets in their direction. The sound of metal
crashing on metal was deafening as they collided with the shield like a hail of steel. Mash
gritted her teeth. It was taking all her might to just remain standing against the gun, let alone
push against it. But surely, it would run out of ammo soon-!
“Cu Chulainn!”
Mash’s eyes opened at Joker’s call. Something flew past her and crashed, the sound of two
metal weapons meeting much closer than she anticipated. The pressure on her shield
vanished, allowing her to lower it and witness what was happening: That armored warrior she
had seen Senpai summon once before, wielding its red spear, fending off the gatling gun of
the Berserker who had charged in and was using it as a club.
“Mash, focus! I can’t do this by myself!”
She whirled about and saw her Senpai. Although he wore those dapper clothes, things had
changed a bit. The bright red gloves he wore were stained with blood, leaving ugly dark
splotches on the fabric. Underneath his mask, his normally grey eyes were a shade of almost

demonic red, watching the fight. It was only a short time since she first saw him in that
reality marble but to her, he had already… changed.
But there was time to contemplate that later. She whirled about, raising her shield. The
armored warrior was still fending off the Berserker but was steadily losing ground to the
Berserker’s onslaught as it wielded its gatling gun like a club. She charged forward, dashing
to the knight’s flank as she raised her shield with a wild cry.
In response, the Berserker shoved the armored warrior away before swinging the gun down at
her instead. The blow sent her crashing to her knees, but she still held. With a roar, she tilted
her shield, causing the gun to smash down on the icy ground instead and throwing the
Berserker off balance. It would’ve only taken a split second for the knight to simply pick the
gun back up or retreat… had a red spear not shot through the air and pierced its side. The
Berserker howled in rage and reached for the spear.
“Awesome job, Mash!” Joker called out. The Cu Chulainn persona, who had just thrown his
spear, faded away along with its weapon, leaving the Berserker grasping at empty air –
though it didn’t change the fact that now it had a second gaping wound. There wouldn’t be
another chance as good as this. He needed to keep the Berserker from gaining any
momentum or they would be screwed. But if the enemy was this mad, then perhaps…
“Bugs!”
A large teddy bear burst into being behind Joker. However, its inherent cuteness was undercut
by multiple features: Blood was leaking and dripping from its fanged jaws, soaking into the
fabric. A bronze collar was around its neck. Its belly was torn open from its patchwork
stitching, revealing a collection of skulls within as opposed to stuffing. The bear raised its
stubby arms, and suddenly bright lights and shapes warped into being around the knight,
causing the Berserker to clutch its head, shrieking in pain.
“Don’t let up on your attacks!” Joker barked. The Shielder blinked, then nodded. Charging in,
she aimed her shield at the opening in the Berserker’s armor. The punctured armor caved in
as the shield sank into the flesh underneath, causing the knight to give a gurgled squawk of
pain. It growled but before it could retaliate, another explosion of colors and shapes burst into
being, once more causing the Berserker to howl in agony.
His guess had been right on the mark. With the incoherent rage that Berserker had been
showing, it proved to be susceptible to psychic attacks. He had thought about summoning
Succubus to lull it to sleep once more, but he decided against it – he wasn’t sure if the sheer
madness of the black knight would nullify it, and even if he did fall asleep, he wasn’t sure
both him and Mash could finish it in one shot.
Thus, it became a pattern - Joker using Psiodyne to disorient and hurt the Berserker, while
Mash took the opportunity to pummel the open Servant, and Joker striking Berserker again
with Psiodyne to keep it off balance. There was no way for it to regain momentum, halted by
the unorthodox magic of Joker and the sheer physical force of Mash’s blows. Before long, it
was a battered, broken mess on the ground that swiftly dissolved into black ash.

Joker held his head to force back a small headache and dizziness. It was a pain he was
familiar with – the backlash of utilizing his Personas extremely often. He wished he brought
some coffee with him. That usually helped considerably restore some energy in the
Metaverse. But all they had were the rations and it wasn’t a good time to eat right now.
Especially with the organ music still blaring out in the distance.
“Good work, Mash,” he replied, smiling gratefully at the Shielder who was walking back to
him. The girl wearily smiled and nodded back. Joker glanced up at the sky, frowning. “Much
as I want to go after the musician, we need to find the others,” he growled. “I’m not taking
our chances getting any closer in case there’s some other surprise for us.”
Mash blinked in surprise, then nodded. “Understood, senpai,” she said. “Can we contact the
doctor and perhaps get their positions?”
Joker checked the communicator on his wrist. “No dice,” he grimly answered, showing it to
her. It was off which caught Mash by surprise. The Chaldea communicator was designed to
work with its own power supply and backup systems. It also had plenty of various stress tests
to make sure it functioned in any environment possible. “Electronics don’t work for the most
part in the Metaverse,” he explained. “Even my phone doesn’t work except for the Metaverse
Navigator app. We’re on our own here.”
He thought about throwing a flash bomb up but decided against it. If there were other enemy
Servants patrolling, it would quickly give them away. Running around blindly in the streets
and alleys was just begging to be ambushed if they moved quickly or take far too long if they
moved too slowly and cautiously. There was only one decent option here. “Mash, come here
for a sec and hold on tight,” he told her.
Mash blinked in surprise and hesitatingly stepped toward him. Before she could ask what
Joker needed, he wrapped an arm around her waist and shot his grappling hook. It quickly
secured itself to a nearby rooftop and began pulling. The demi-Servant could only squeak and
hang onto her senpai for dear life as they were both hoisted into the air. Joker utilized the
momentum of the pull to swing up over the corner of the roof, detaching the hook as they
arced upwards, before landing softly on the building.
Joker winced as the music, no longer obstructed by buildings, became a bit louder. Still, he
didn’t notice anyone else on the rooftops, be it demons, wyverns, or Servants. Perhaps the
music was keeping everyone under cover. He wondered if a pair of earplugs would help in
this situation. He recalled an old Greek myth about a man who ordered his men to stuff wax
in their ears as they sailed past the Sirens while he himself was tied to the mast so he could
listen to their songs without throwing himself overboard.
Then, he finally noticed that hadn’t let go of Mash, so distracted he was. He released the
Shielder. “Sorry for the suddenness,” he apologized with a rueful grin. “Thought we needed
to get up here quickly so we could have a good view.”
“Th-that’s o-okay, senpai, y-you’re right!” Mash hurriedly stammered, her face as red as a
tomato as she looked away, placing her hands on her cheeks to try and cool her face. Joker
had to chuckle. She was rather adorable when she got flustered like that.

His mood quickly turned grim, however, as he surveyed the area over the rooftops. The
ambush had been so sudden and swift that Joker hadn’t been able to gauge the exact numbers
of combatants. He could only hope at this point that the others were doing alright, but that
was the exact reason why his team was picked in such a manner: They were all the most
combat capable and therefore would be able to handle themselves relatively well.
At least, that was the hope and plan.
Joker scowled. He was finding nothing of their companions from up here. He tried to listen
for any telltale sounds of metal clashing, but the organ was drowning everything out. Though
it would risk their discovery, they would probably have to patrol and search to find the others.
Then he saw a flash of light flare up from a small distance away. “Let’s go, Mash!” he called
out. The Shielder, who had managed to recollect at this point, nodded.
They both began running and leaping on the rooftops – Joker with ease, Mash with some
difficulty thanks to the snow and ice on the rooftops. She had to use her shield once or twice
to stop herself from sliding. Leaping to one last roof, Joker crouched down at the edge and
Mash followed suit. She was surprised that Joker didn’t immediately jump in but quickly
realized why: He was observing the fight below.
In a small courtyard underneath them, three Servants were fighting. Siegfried was matching
blades with a man with long, blonde hair and beard, wielding an oddly shaped lance as his
black coat fluttered with each motion. His stabs and swings crashed hard against Siegfried,
who even though was putting up a good fight, was slowly being forced back. Every time,
however, Kiyohime sent a flurry of fireballs at the Lancer, forcing the man to dodge or
deflect the salvo and allowing Siegfried to regain ground.
His third eye activated, he watched the battle unfold. Though it seemed Siegfried and
Kiyohime were holding their own, their movements seemed more strained than before. It
seems they weren’t immune to the organ either. He glanced over at the Lancer, frowning.
Someone who could keep pace with the dragonslayer Saber and the draconic Berserker
wasn’t someone to be trifled with. He looked familiar, however. He racked his brain, trying to
think of who it was – then remembered.
It was the dark Lancer the doppelganger had with them when they encountered each other the
first time. The man had been caught by Satan’s ice and cut down by Archer and the Servant
Cu Chulainn. A rather swift death all things considered and removed a Servant from the
doppelganger’s force. And now, he was more than thankful that happened – given the
Servant’s skill, if he had been present in Lyon, things could’ve gone far worse for all of
them.
The combatants were far too involved with fighting and surviving each other’s onslaughts to
notice the two on the rooftops, but nevertheless Joker retreated a step or two, Mash
cautiously following behind. “What’s our plan, senpai?” she whispered to him.
Joker frowned as he thought, then nodded. “They ambush us, we ambush right back,” he
replied with a smirk. “Wait here for now. On my signal, charge in and take him out with
Siegfried and Kiyohime.” Mash nodded. Joker in turn hopped on more rooftops, keeping low
so he wouldn’t be easily spotted by any of them.

Thus, he waited until the positioning was just right: the Lancer had his back turned to him,
Mash was waiting on the roof by the flank, Siegfried and Kiyohime were in front of him.
Switching his personas, he stood up as his mask burned off once more.
“Metatron!”
The great metallic angel appeared once more, its holy aura permeating the air. The Lancer
whirled about, snarling, with eyes as wide as saucers at the sight. Siegfried and Kiyohime
blinked in surprise but recovered themselves far more quickly than the Lancer did. Before he
could turn around, Siegfried ran him through from behind as Kiyohime shot out a stream of
fire, engulfing him in draconic flame.
The Lancer roared in pain and jumped away off Siegfried’s sword – barely dodging Mash’s
shield seeking to brain him. The Servant wasn’t dead, but he looked much worse for wear.
Leveling a feral glare at the group of Servants in front of him, he began emanating dark
power. That was, until a beam of light shone down from right above him, burning his flesh
and causing him to roar with pain. Siegfried didn’t need any further prompting, charging in
and rapidly separating the Lancer’s head from his shoulders once more. The enemy Servant
collapsed, its form promptly dispersing into black dust.
Jumping down from the rooftops, Ren joined the other Servants. Siegfried smiled at him.
“Your timing was most opportune, Ren Amamiya,” he said gratefully. “I apologize for the
trouble I have caused you. With the ambush and the music, we had been hard-pressed in our
fight. Your reinforcement was most welcome.”
Kiyohime frowned. “Speaking of music, do you hear that?” she murmured, looking up. The
others glanced about and heard it – or rather, the lack thereof. The organ had stopped. “It
would seem the aura of your… persona had shocked whoever was playing that horrid
instrument,” she observed. “An unexpected boon, but one gratefully accepted nevertheless.”
The Master nodded. “I’ll say,” he agreed. But still, it didn’t help that they were still
weakened. He remembered the relief he felt when he used Maria. It wouldn’t be good to use
her abilities too many times, not while they still had quite a few fights left most likely, but
there were other methods. He switched personas once more.
“Pixie.”
The little fairy appeared by his side once more. Giving a whimsical point of the finger,
everyone was surrounded by a green light. Their strength came back, along with much relief.
Joker smiled as the fairy faded from being. “Alright, dunno how long before the organ comes
back on, so we should find the others first. Let’s get going.”
“Wait, senpai,” Mash called out worriedly. “Shouldn’t we deal with the organ player first? If
they start playing again, we’ll be at a disadvantage all over again.”
Siegfried nodded. “I agree with Lady Kyrielight,” he replied. “If our opponent can affect the
battlefield to such a significant extent, then they cannot be ignored. We should deal with them
as soon as possible.”

Joker hesitated and sighed. “You got a point,” he admitted. “But do you guys have an idea
where he might be? I couldn’t exactly track his music really well in the city.” The others
glanced uncomfortably at each other, which only affirmed his statement. None of them could
easily find the source of the organ music.
“Do you not have something that could help track them down?” Kiyohime asked, peering
over her fan at the Phantom Thief. “You have been pulling out strange power after strange
power. Is tracking an unknown enemy beyond your grasp?”
The Master of Chaldea raised an eyebrow. “Nice to see you’ve confidence in my abilities,” he
noted, unable to keep the sarcasm in his voice. The Berserker narrowed her eyes dangerously
in his direction as Mash instinctively and immediately stepped between the two, her shield
half raised. “If I had an ability like that, I would’ve already been rounding us to deal with it.
Or better yet, take care of it myself. My life would certainly be a lot easier if I could track
someone like that.”
The two stared down each other, draconic yellow eyes meeting his stern, sharp grey ones.
Finally, Kiyohime turned away. “Very well,” she accepted. “I would advise you to watch your
tone, however. As dangerous as you are, kindling the wrath of a Servant is unwise. You’d do
well to remember that.”
Joker gave a humorless chuckle. “Bit too late for that, Kiyohime,” he replied with a smirk.
He turned back to the others. “Right, let’s find Archer and Georgios,” he stated. “The sooner
we can find them before the music starts again, the better. Using Metatron again is likely to
just give away our position at this point – or worse.” The other Servants nodded. Moving
around in enemy territory while split up and without a lay of the land was foolish. It would be
better to regroup first.
The ice and snow crunched underneath their feet in the still air.
---------Tracking targets through alleys and buildings was never easy. There were many obstacles he
had to maneuver around, his vision was extremely limited, and it was incredibly easy to get
disoriented. He couldn’t take to the rooftops – not without wanting to put a metaphorical
bullseye on his back. This situation wasn’t to his advantage overall.
It didn’t help that the Servant he was fighting had taken to this environment like a fish to
water. Silent footsteps, moving up to the rooftops before sinking back down again, his enemy
had proven extraordinarily difficult to track. This was their territory, not his. It was a battle of
attrition, which consumed time, energy, and attention. None of which he could afford right
now, not unless he wanted to be useless for future battles.
This was a hunt and right now, he was the prey.
Archer considered his options. There was obliterating the area and flushing the Servant out,
but that would be far too flashy. It would give away his position and act as a gigantic neon
sign for any allies and enemies – especially the cognitive Satan that prowled the Palace. He
could track everyone else down, but that would require turning his back on the Servant,

which might be a fatal mistake if she was who he suspected her to be. Then there was the
third option: Give up.
So naturally, he did just that. He made clumsier and clumsier mistakes, falling for almost
every decoy or false trail the Servant left behind. Not enough to instantly die but there were
certainly some close shaves – an arrow burrowed into his shoulder and waist could attest to
that. Hearing the whistling of air behind him, he spun around, raising his twin blade – and
both of them were knocked up out of his hands as two arrows collided with them. Before he
could move or do any further, a turquoise blur shot out and tackled him to the ground.
Now it was Archer, with the enemy Archer that had been killed in Lyon standing above him,
an arrow knocked and pointed at his head. “Kill, kill, kill!” she snarled, her eyes feral.
The red-mantled hero chuckled as he shot a glance up at his soon-to-be killer. “Well, huntress
Atalante,” he drawled as he raised his hands in a gesture of surrender. “Truly an honor
meeting you like this. But for a famed huntress, you seem to be slipping.” The huntress
narrowed her eyes at Archer’s insult, then heard the whistling of air behind her. She spun
around to aim upwards but too late – Kanshou and Byakuya spun down from above like
buzzsaws and embedded themselves into her shoulders.
Screaming in pain, Atalante dropped her bow – and was stopped on the spot from moving.
She glanced down at yet another copy of the twin swords sprouting from her chest and
looked back to see Archer right behind her. Trying to speak only got her a throatful of blood.
The only sound she could make was a gurgle as Archer withdrew his blades and she
collapsed, soon dissolving into black dust as well.
The man sighed as the bloody swords disappeared from his hands. Plucking the two arrows
from his body, he began walking again. The air was surprisingly quiet this time, though his
instincts told him that it was only a reprieve. Perhaps it was time to deal with that organ
player once and for all. And he had a fairly good feeling where the man would be…

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/nJfpm3ya

Chapter 28: Idol
Chapter Summary

Things are quickly recovering. Until they don't.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The sounds of swords clashing rang out through the empty streets. The clamor echoed
through the icy streets of the Palace, garnering the attention and fear of prowling demons and
wyverns. They stalked closer and closer, smelling blood, but their instincts told them to stay
at the periphery at least. They kept to the corners and walls, avoiding the sight of the
powerful beings that battled around the base of the tower. Wyverns flocked carefully to the
rooftop edges, their powerful eyes watching for blood. There would be time for them yet for
a meal.
Chevalier D’Eon was knocked back for the umpteenth time again. Saber raised her sword
again. Though the other Saber made their boasts, she already knew that their opponents
weren’t as much of an issue as Morgana fretted about. Sanson by trade was a doctor and an
executioner. Carmilla was a countess – and judging by the screams of the enraged Elizabeth,
was her older self. As far as she was aware, the actual Elizabeth Báthory had no experience in
actual combat. And finally, D’Eon was a spy, not a warrior.
The Throne of Heroes was certainly helpful for providing knowledge on other Heroic Spirits.
In contrast, Elizabeth had considerably more martial prowess than Carmilla as her spear
swatted aside the various iron maidens the Assassin sent her way while dodging spikes of
blood shooting out of the ground. If it wasn’t for her temper, she would’ve easily taken care
of her older counterpart by now. Not to mention, she had screamed for everyone to stay out of
her way – Carmilla was her prey, and she would deal with her.
Marie and Mozart were facing Sanson, both of whom were keeping their distance and pelting
him with energy blasts. Even then, he had been starting to gain ground on them – until Jeanne
charged in, brandishing her flag. Though Jeanne didn’t have as much martial prowess as an
experienced warrior, neither did Sanson, and their unorthodox weapons certainly didn’t help
either of them either. Thus, Jeanne faced off against Sanson while Marie and Mozart
provided cover fire. As such, Sanson was at a major disadvantage.
Finally, D’Eon was facing against her, the King of Knights. That was already a gigantic
disparity in their combat ability, but Morgana was there as well. He hadn’t been supporting
her quite as much as he was trying to keep an eye on the other two fights, but that was fine.

She could understand his logic: her own fight was well in hand, and so it was with Sanson. If
anything, the biggest danger was Carmilla, and Elizabeth was gaining on her.
Unfortunately for her, D’Eon wasn’t an idiot – they were fighting defensively, doing their
best to keep their footing and trying to figure out a way around her. All it took was D’Eon
getting past her and killing Morgana to secure victory. Thankfully Morgana already knew that
and was keeping his distance as opposed to recklessly rushing in.
All in all, the group had every advantage against their opponents: They outnumbered the
group two to one, their combat capability was higher, and they also had better teamwork – the
other three weren’t even trying to cooperate with each other and more or less ignored one
another. Frankly, securing victory was just a matter of time. “Morgana,” Saber called out
behind her, snagging the feline Master’s attention. “Go in and grab the map! We’ll be
finished here shortly!”
D'Eon smiled – though it looked far more like a grimace. “Really now, I must say you are
underestimating us a fair bit, King of Knights,” they remarked. In response, Saber charged
forward. The spy barely raised their rapier in time to block the attack, though the sheer force
and ferocity of the blow knocked them back, clearing a path for Morgana. It was a bit of
bravado to provoke their enemy, but it seemed to have worked not at all. Or a bit too well –
depending on how one looked at it.
Mona took the opening, racing past the combating Servants. Neither Carmilla or Sanson
noticed – they were too focused on their respective opponents to keep watch on the tower. He
had to shake his head. The doppelganger had certainly assigned a poor group to lead the
defense of this guard tower. Then again, perhaps it was a cumulative cognition that did so as
well? The Servants opposing them seemed to have some direct connection to a person in the
group. Marie with Sanson, Elizabeth with Carmilla, and D'Eon with himself.
That wasn’t relevant right now. He could ponder it later. Right now, he scrambled up the
guard outpost, easily racing up the steps. The room at the top was identical to the guard
outpost as before, with the map on the table at the center. He jumped up on the table and
scanned it. As expected, the map had the location of the last guard outpost displayed, but
Joker’s team was already on the way. He hoped that they would have as easy a time getting
there as their group did.
Tucking the map into his little pack (which could hold a lot more than one could assume for
such a tiny thing), he ran back down the stairs, stopping at the doorway and peeking out first
to make sure it was safe. In the few seconds Morgana had been inside, things had changed a
bit: D’Eon sported a heavily bleeding cut from their side, causing them to grimace with pain.
Sanson’s hand was bleeding as his executioner’s sword lay aside as the Servant himself kept
dodging the blows in an effort to recover his weapon.
The only one who wasn’t faring quite so well was Elizabeth – she had multiple gashes on her
legs and was also bleeding from her head. She had also lost what ground she had gained on
her older counterpart and was on the defensive, dodging and parrying the large number of
attacks that were coming her way.

“Even now, you struggle uselessly,” Carmilla snorted. “Submit and capitulate. Struggling so
is unbecoming of you. Your fate is already sealed – I am the proof of that, after all.” With a
wave of her scepter, two more iron maidens appeared and darted towards the Lancer.
Scowling, Elizabeth raised her spear and swatted them aside once more – albeit with more
difficulty. “Can you shut up, you old hag?!” she snarled. “Going on and on about
‘inevitability’ and ‘fate’ and ‘future’. Do you really think I give a single crap about any of
that?!”
The berserk Assassin gaped for a second before matching her younger counterpart’s scowl.
“You should!” she snarled. “I am your future and who you will become! The Countess of
Blood, now and forever! So lay down and accept it – and bleed!” She sent a wave of spikes
headed Elizabeth’s way. The Lancer dove out of the way to dodge them as Carmilla
summoned more iron maidens – and staggered as a blast of hurricane winds sliced into her,
knocking aside the torture devices.
Bleeding from various wounds, she whirled around to snarl at the catlike Master, who glared
at her defiantly. “Sorry, but fate is something we take into our own hands,” he yelled, aiming
his slingshot at the Servant. Scowling, she dodged to the side and avoided several shots, only
to blink in surprise to see the blue skinned musketeer reappear right behind the Master once
more. She raised her scepter in preparation for another blast of winds or whatever attack as
the being traced a pattern with its rapier. Except, nothing happened…
Save for a green glow behind her.
Carmilla turned around, her eyes widening as she saw the Lancer standing back up, whirling
her spear. Her wounds were gone, leaving her looking as good as new. Elizabeth’s scowl
showed a different opinion of her healing, however. “Stay out of this, kitty!” she roared. “I
have to be the one to take her down! I’m not gonna become this old hag! Never again!”
“Then why the heck are you fighting alone like she is?!” Mona snapped back. That
immediately shut the Lancer up. “You wanna become an idol, right? So why are you fighting
by yourself?! An idol doesn’t stand alone, does she?” Any further words were interrupted as
a wave of blood spikes flowed in his direction, forcing him to dodge.
Elizabeth scoffed as she charged the Assassin, swinging her spear. Carmilla nimbly dodged
aside, sending an iron maiden in her place. Eyes widening in surprise, she held her spear up
to block off and redirect the torture device. “Of course an idol stands alone!” she barked
back. “I’m gonna be a shining star, gleaming for everyone! There’s no room for anyone
else!”
Mona rolled aside as an iron maiden flew over his head. “Is that you or the countess
talking?!” he snapped. Once more, Elizabeth froze – and nearly got brained by an iron
maiden flying at her head in turn.
“To think a talking cat would make more sense than you,” Carmilla growled, her eyes
narrowing under her mask. “A countess stands alone on top of the masses, my foolish,
younger self. The people live and die only for the nobility. Their strength is her strength, their
riches her riches, and their youth her youth.” As Mona and Elizabeth tried to pincer her, she

summoned more iron maidens that flew toward the two, forcing them back. “You speak of
being a gleaming star above everyone else? Then I ask you, what is so different? Your
ambition will simply lead you back to me.”
“Shut up, shut up, shut up, SHUT UP!” Elizabeth screamed as she swung her spear again.
Her wild swing missed wide, however, and gave Carmilla the perfect opening: with a wave of
her hand, a pool of blood spikes shot up and pierced Elizabeth multiple times, causing her to
cough up blood.
“Elizabeth!” Mona cried. Diego appeared once more but before he could finish the healing
spell, the Master had to dodge more attacks from the Assassin, leaving the Lancer still
heavily wounded. The dragoness scowled as she slowly stood back up, using her spear to
support her weight. Her wounds hurt – a lot. She was bleeding heavily and she was running
low on prana. Was that it? Was she like what Carmilla said – fated to lose and become her?
Were her dreams ultimately that shallow?
“Is that all your dream amounts to, Elizabeth?!"
Elizabeth’s eyes snapped up to Mona, who was still dodging Carmilla’s rapid-fire attacks.
“Are you just gonna collapse from this?!” he demanded. “Idols are supposed to get up time
and time again! If you wanna shine, then make yourself shine! And idols don’t stand by
themselves – they’ve fans and other talents, don’t they?! So are you gonna just feel sorry for
yourself like this?! That’s not what an idol does!”
“You talk far too much, cat,” Carmilla snarled. “I think I should silence you – all of you –
right now.” She began gathering her prana, causing Morgana’s hair to rise on end. The other
Servants sensed the gathering energy and glanced over, their eyes widening. “ All lies on a
plate of illusion, yet the girl rests in this case… ” Carmilla intoned.
“ Phantom Maiden! ”
A gigantic iron maiden sprung up next to Morgana, wide open. Its spikes glistened
malevolently in the unnatural light. Morgana’s eyes widened, but it was moving too fast and
closing too quickly. He wouldn’t be able to get away in time before he was skewered –
A blur of motion moved in front of him. Elizabeth Bathory had raced in front of him,
whirling her spear before thudding it against the ground. In a gleam of light, a miniature
castle sprang up, wedging the gigantic iron maiden’s doors open. Stone scraped harshly
against steel as it continued to rise, with Elizabeth herself mounted on the top. However,
contrasting the stone architecture of the castle were sets of gigantic speakers mounted on the
front.
“ Báthory Erzsébet!” Elizabeth roared.
The power radiating from the castle was unmistakable. Just as Carmilla had brought out her
noble phantasm, Elizabeth brought out her own to counter it. The Assassin stared, her eyes
bulging out from behind her mask. “What have you done to my castle, you complete, utter
LUNATIC?!” she sputtered. “What kind of…. Abomination have you turned my home
into?!? EXPLAIN YOURSELF!!”

The Lancer scoffed. “This isn’t your home, you old hag,” she retorted. “This is the stage for
my showtime! Kitty’s right – I can’t go feeling sorry for myself! I have my fans! And with
their support, I’m gonna shine! Kitty, as my new number one fan-“
“I did NOT say I was going to become your fan-!”
“I’ll allow you to help me this once!” she declared, completely ignoring Mona’s outburst.
“Let’s show this old hag what an idol can truly do compared to a countess!” Mona scowled
but Diego popped up again and quickly healed her. With a grin, Elizabeth took a deep breath,
marveling that the pain from her wounds faded like it was merely an illusion, then let out a
single clear note:
“LAAAAAAAA~!”
The speakers amplified and echoed Elizabeth’s ear-shattering voice. The gigantic iron maiden
began straining against the powerful noble phantasm before being blasted away. Carmilla
could only gawp in shock, then a heavy scraping sound caught her attention. She turned to
look – and came face to face with the mockery of her castle, the gigantic speakers aimed right
at her. The Assassin slowly looked up and only saw the smirking face of her younger
counterpart sneering down at her. “I despise you,” she growled. “So much.”
“Well, we finally have one thing we have in common,” the Lancer snarked back before taking
yet another deep breath. She sang one more note and blasted Carmilla away. The cognitive
Servant dissolved into black dust before even hitting the floor. Its job done, the castle sank
back into the ground with a glow of pink light, lowering Elizabeth to the ground as she
heaved a gentle breath. The prana cost has been steep but against that hag, it was entirely
worth it.
She looked back and saw that the other Servants were finishing up – the Saber had cut down
the French spy without too much of an issue while the executioner was impaled with the
saint’s flag. All in all, it was a quick victory with… two casualties. Both the musician and the
kitty had collapsed on the ground, their eyes rolled back into their heads as they foamed at
the mouth, twitching. She frowned at them, confused. “The heck is wrong with you two?”
she asked. “We won, didn’t we?”
Marie, Jeanne, and Saber looked at each other and simply sighed.
Then a distant roar quickly drew their attention. Mona and Mozart immediately recovered
and shot up as everyone held their weapons up. The demons and wyverns that had been
surrounding them quickly scurred or hopped away in a panic. Reverberating stomps and
crunches of ice echoed through the air, reverberating off the frozen buildings, making it
difficult to pinpoint the source of the sound. The group began bunching up together, back-toback, glancing in every direction warily as it began getting louder and louder.
The noises stopped. Then Saber’s eyes widened. “Get away from the tower!” she
commanded. They began running and moments later, the tower exploded as a claw burst
through, scraping at the ground where they were literally just moments ago. Through the ice
and rubble slithered out the gigantic Satan, its malevolent eyes bearing down on them. Saber

scowled as she spun around, the winds around her blade whipping fiercely. “ Strike Air!” she
roared, firing off a hurricane gale towards the being.
“Diego!” Mona cried. The blue musketeer appeared once more and drew another pattern with
its rapier. A razor-sharp gust of wind joined with Saber’s Strike Air, amplifying it. The
cognitive Satan raised an arm to block the gust, then swung its arm, dispelling the winds.
Both Saber and Mona’s eyes widened. It was one thing for the winds to be resisted or
blocked, but it seemed to have absolutely no effect whatsoever.
The cognitive Satan roared and lunged at them. All of them barely dodged in time, separating
into two groups. Liz roared as she ran in, swinging her spear, while Mozart and Marie fired
off energy blasts. The former’s polearm bounced off the demon while the latter’s blasts did
literally nothing. Mona fired multiple shots at the cognitive Satan with his slingshot to much
the same effect – or lack thereof.
Saber scowled. It was apparent that no matter what they did, it had no effect on this being:
Archer’s arrows, her Strike Air, Morgana’s magecraft, Mozart or Marie’s energy blasts, or
physical blows. Whatever they tried, this being was completely immune. So once more, they
had to resort to their last plan. “Everyone, fall back!” she yelled. “To a safe room, go!”
No one was willing to argue that front. They quickly regrouped and began running to their
designated rendezvous point. “Morgana, why can’t we harm this creature?” she demanded
from the Phantom Thief as they ran. “At the least, your abilities should be effective against
such a being, correct?”
“It’s not a hundred percent foolproof,” Mona snapped. He could hear – and feel – the
cognitive Satan pawing at the ground with its claws to increase its speed as it chased after
them. “Cognitive beings follow different rules than reality! Whatever the Palace ruler thinks
of them is how it goes! So the fact that she thinks that Satan is invincible and unstoppable
here means-!”
“She thinks the Devil is ultimately unstoppable and invincible as the sermons teach,” Jeanne
concluded, panting as they ran. “And because she has turned her back on His light, there can
be no salvation from the Devil.” She glanced behind them. The cognitive Satan was slowly
but steadily gaining on them. “Do we have somewhere we can retreat to?”
Mona swiveled his head around. “Safe room, over there!” he pointed. There was a door on
the side of a house that had the distinctive, hazy figure. They all began making their way
towards it – when the house was obliterated by the cognitive Satan crashing right through it
and cutting them off, roaring. They barely dodged a swipe as they continued running in a
panic, the demon crawling after them. “Damnit, of course it wouldn’t be that easy!” Mona
cursed.
“You said that we’d be safe in those safe rooms, kitty!” Elizabeth shrieked, eyes completely
wide in fear.
“The safe rooms, yeah,” Mona affirmed. “But not the buildings! If that Satan can just
demolish them then there’s no point in the safe rooms being there anymore!”

He racked his brain for a plan. There had to be some way they could get away! They were
lucky enough the first time to have enough distance to get to a safe room before the Satan
could fully track them, but right now it was far too close. He considered the smoke or flash
bombs, but he doubted they’ll work with something as unstoppable as the cognitive Satan.
That was when Marie stopped and wheeled around, much to the shock of everyone else.
“Marie?!” Jeanne gasped.
Marie smiled. “Orleans needs its saint, non ?” she asked as she stared down the approaching
demon. “Then as queen, I should escort you to where you need to go. Do run ahead – I will
be along shortly, mi amore. ” A claw slammed down again, this time directed at Marie who
managed to jump out of the way.
“What?!” Jeanne screamed, flabbergasted. “Marie, no, we can-!” Whatever protestations she
had were halted when Saber grabbed her upper arm. Their eyes met, Jeanne’s fearful purple
ones meeting Saber’s steely though sympathetic gaze. The message was clear
Saber looked over to Marie. “We shall see you shortly, Marie Antoinette,” she called out to
her solemnly before turning to run down the street. Mona, Jeanne, and Elizabeth hesitatingly
followed her.
Marie giggled. “How noble, though I do hope we don’t meet too soon,” she tittered as she
stared at the behemoth looming over her, who seemed to be watching her every move
carefully now. “I wish to meet again in more hospital environs, after all.” She heard quiet
footsteps beside her. Blinking, she glanced over and saw Mozart stepping up beside her.
“Mozart?” she asked in surprise. “I thought you would’ve run with the others. You did
profess yourself to be a coward, after all.”
Mozart chuckled in response. “You are not wrong, Maria,” he admitted easily, staring up at
the monstrosity. “Even now I can feel my legs trembling. But I’ve been struck by inspiration,
my dear Maria! Seeing the brave queen facing against the Devil himself! Ah, my heart and
soul alights with music that springs out of my soul! It would be a tragedy to die, yes, but an
even greater one would be to let this new composition within me wither away!” He raised his
conductor’s baton. “I must make sure it shall be my greatest work yet!” he declared.
The Rider could only roll her eyes with a gentle smile. “Ever the obsessed fool you are,” she
admonished gently. “If that is the case then, we best survive. I wish to hear this composition
of yours, after all.” She began gathering prana to herself. She needed to buy time for all of
them to escape and drag the Devil in a different direction. And she had just the perfect
method to do it.
“ Wishing to blossom, visibly in the open ,” she intoned. Satan roared and breathed out a
torrent of frost toward her. Mozart immediately intercepted it with a barrier of music. “
Dancing, to blossom in full glory! ” The sound of a horse whinnying echoed through the
empty streets. “ Passing through – “
“ Guillotine Breaker! ”

A horse made of glass, imprinted with lilies raced forward out of nowhere. Marie hopped up
and easily sat on the horse as it galloped by, drawing the attention of Satan once more. Large
crystals of glass formed all around the cognitive demon, enveloping it as it struggled to get
out. However, the glass was already cracking as it pulled. It wouldn’t hold the creature for
long.
“ Please enjoy, it is time for a public performance! ” Mozart declared as he gathered his own
strength. “ Prepare to listen! To the sound of a demon! ” As he spoke, faceless angels flocked
from the sky, each wielding some form of instrument as they surrounded Satan. They began
playing a hauntingly beautiful melody, contrasted only by the demon’s roars of rage as it
struggled, albeit weaker than before.
“ Requiem for Death! ”
The beautiful composition wrapped and swarmed around the cognitive Satan, weakening it as
it struggled. The glass was still breaking but not as quickly as before. Marie quickly wheeled
around, her horse forming more glass to trap the demon. She picked up Mozart as she passed
by and plucked the surprised Caster, plopping him behind her on the horse. “ Requiem for
Death ?” she asked, amused. “We must improve your naming sense, Mozart. But the music is
très bien! ”
Mozart laughed. “One should enjoy beautiful music even unto their deathbed,” he declared.
“This fiend shall be no exception!” Then his eyes widened as the glass finally broke,
allowing Satan to finally slither after them.
“Well, I trust you can provide a running concert for us then, Mozart!” Marie cried. With that,
she began riding in the opposite direction of where her companions ran as Mozart bombarded
Satan with magical blasts. They fully had the Devil’s attention now.
How fitting.
—-----By the time they found Georgios, his match was already over. He had been battling the
tainted Saint Martha, struggling in a town square that had been devastated thanks to her
Tarrasque. He had been on the ropes until the music stopped, whereupon he unleashed
Ascalon on the duo. The famed dragonslayer against Tarrasque, who was a turtle-esque
dragon… There was only one clear winner of such a match-up. Afterward, Georgios fought
against Martha and won.
That being said though, he didn’t exactly come out unscathed.
“Does your armor… fix… itself?” Joker asked hesitantly.
Georgios glanced down. His breastplate was dented and even punctured in multiple places.
The indents were imprinted with clear signs of fists. “Once I go into spiritual form and return,
it should be fine,” he replied, smiling. “I had not expected Saint Martha to be such an
experienced pugilist. It was my incaution that allowed her to wound me. Thank you once
more for your healing, Ren Amamiya.”

Joker waved it off. “It’s nothing,” he replied with a grin. “We need you in good condition for
the fight ahead. I doubt things are going to get any easier.”
The saint nodded. “Too true I fear,” he agreed. He looked over at the collected group. “It
seems we are almost all accounted for,” he noted. “Except for Archer. I take it we still have
no trace of him?”
Mash shook her head. “Unfortunately not, Sir Georgios,” she replied. “We’ve encountered a
few areas where a battle took place, but no sign of him.”
“There is the possibility that Archer may have perished,” Siegfried murmured, frowning.
Joker chuckled, although it sounded a bit strained. He didn’t want to consider that possibility.
He didn’t want to lose another person if he could help it. “I doubt it,” he replied easily. “He’s
like a cockroach. He’s not the type to die from getting killed.”
Somewhere in Chaldea, Cu Chulainn sneezed.
“For now, we have numbers to work with,” Joker continued, looking over the group. “We can
split up into two teams and search the area. Mash, Siegfried, and I will–“
Before Joker could finish, an explosion rang out through the district. Everyone immediately
rushed through the streets toward the source of the noise, their weapons ready. They came
upon the devastated runs of a church, a bell falling down and crashing to the ground with a
loud, final clang. A figure in shadow appeared in the smoke. Everyone braced themselves for
whoever their new opponent was… and blinked in surprise as Archer stepped out,
nonchalantly brushing off his coat and sleeves.
The red-mantled Servant glanced up at the group, then smirked. “Didn’t expect you to come
all this way for me,” he drawled. “Thanks for the welcoming committee.”
“As acerbic as always,” Georgios commented, smiling while shaking his head. “I trust you
had no issues?”
Archer glanced behind him at the ruined church. “No issues,” he reported. “There was an
enemy Archer that I took out, and an enemy Assassin who was in the church there. He was
the one playing the organ music. He’s been taken care of.”
Joker leaned over to stare again at the ruins of the church. “You definitely work fast, Archer,”
he commented with a grin. Archer just smirked. “Alright, looks like that’s everyone. Doesn’t
seem like there’s anyone else around so we should be on our way once more. Archer, can you
take the lead and scout ahead? Last thing we need is another ambush.” Archer nodded and
quickly took to the rooftops. “Everyone else, formation. Let’s get a move on.”
With that, they were on their way again. However, they quickly noticed something: It was
quiet. There were no demons or wyverns about. The silence made everyone on edge. Joker
gulped as they traversed the empty alleyways and streets. They just needed to grab the map
and rendezvous with Mona and the others. With any luck, there shouldn’t be any issues. After
that, they can figure out a way to the Treasure. And with it, one step closer to ending this.

—------Marie drew ragged breaths. The claw that was gripping her was tight, barely allowing her to
breathe. She was bloody and battered, her vision a haze. Her horse, her noble phantasm, had
long since dissipated and she was out of prana to summon it once more. She had tried
blasting the demon’s claw apart but as usual, her power had no effect. Nothing either of them
had done ultimately did any damage or even so much as singe a single scale of the demon.
Her eyes wandered. Her gaze fell upon Mozart, who was slumped against a broken wall. His
body was dissolving away into gold dust. Despite all the times she called him a coward and
insulted him, she still cared for and loved him in the end, just a bit more than she loved
everyone else.
She hoped she bought enough time for the others though. Especially Ren Amamiya. That
dashing figure, those mischievous yet stern eyes, his capability and confidence, his
vulnerability and pain… ah, any girl would fall for such a man.
Perhaps if she was summoned once more, she would try to get closer to him? That would
certainly be fantastic. Oh, it wouldn’t be something a queen should do, but she wasn’t exactly
a queen anymore, was she?
Ah, but a queen still had a duty to her people, and her duty was to France. The two of them
had lured Satan away from the others and bought precious time. They knew this would be
their fate and had fully accepted it.
As her gaze fell back down to the blue demon, she could see the maw of the creature
approaching her. Large, gnarled, yellowed teeth, gums coated in blood. Its breath was utterly
rank, causing her to wrinkle her nose in disgust. There would be no escape, no salvation here.
But that didn’t matter. The saint, Jeanne, would see things through. So would Ren and
Morgana. They would save France and save humanity. Thus, despite everything, she smiled.
As the jaws of Satan snapped closed on her as sure as the guillotine, her final words in this
world were whispered.
“ Vive la France."
And then she knew no more.

Chapter End Notes

Discord link here:
https://discord.gg/TSEXr2mb

Chapter 29: Castle
Chapter Summary

The end is in sight.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Securing their piece of the map had been easy enough. Aside from a couple packs of demons
and wyverns, they hadn’t encountered any further opposition nor any other cognitive
Servants. Georgios could even afford to quickly dip into his spiritual form to regenerate his
armor. It had been a simple matter of getting to the guard outpost, picking up the piece of the
map, then making their way to the rendezvous point. Thankfully, there was a safe room
around the location they predicted. However, none of them could miss the ruins that were
further down the street, which filled Joker with incredible trepidation.
When they entered, his fears had been confirmed when he saw Mona, Elizabeth, Saber, and
Jeanne all sitting in chairs, with everyone aside from Saber crying.
All of them were told what had happened: The three Servants who guarded the guard outpost,
the ambush by the cognitive Satan, and how Marie and Mozart had sacrificed themselves to
draw them away. Joker made to march right out of the safe room, only to almost run straight
into Archer who had positioned himself in front of the doors.
“We can still save them, Archer,” Joker growled. “Move out of the way.”
“Use your head, Master,” Archer coolly retorted. “The others just told us that Satan is
invincible and immune to literally everything we do. Even in the unlikely chance we find
them, how do you propose we deal with the monster who most likely would’ve pursued them
to the world's end? They knew the stakes when they entered the battlefield and most likely
paid it gladly.”
“We’ll find a way, Archer,” he retorted. Perhaps appealing to strategy and tactics would get
through to him. “Right now we need all the manpower we can get. This Palace is
extraordinarily dangerous and we need everyone. Once we get there, we’ll find a way to get
away from the cognitive Satan and figure out the rest from there.”
The red-mantled Servant scowled. “That’s a fool’s hope and you know it,” he stated. “And
even if we did catch up, the chances of them still being safe from that monster is slim to
none. If it catches wind of us, it will pursue us again. Do you want to sacrifice someone else
so the rest of us can get away? As you’ve just stated, this place is extraordinarily hazardous
and we can’t afford to lose anyone else.” He crossed his arms. “We’re better off writing them
as gone, for the safety of everyone else.”

“That’s not your call to make,” the Master snapped. “I don’t want any sacrifices on my
account. There’s been too many already. We’ll find Marie and Mozart, then we can keep
going for the Treasure.”
Archer narrowed his eyes. “With your experience and powers, it seems I’ve forgotten a
fundamental thing,” he replied, an edge creeping into his voice. “I don’t know what clean,
straightforward battles you have fought in the past, but whatever happened then, this isn’t the
case. This is a war, Ren Amamiya, where your enemy won’t hesitate to take every single
advantage they can. You may be attached to your allies, but do NOT act like a child when
they take the risk to secure victory in the end.”
Joker’s eyes widened with rage. “’Clean, straightforward battles?’” he hissed. “Every single
opponent we’ve dealt with, we’ve had to because there was no other way to do so! That’s the
whole reason we’ve infiltrated Palaces to begin with! I know they’ll take every damn
advantage they can get – that’s all they’ve ever DONE! We’ll gain victory but I’m not
sacrificing anyone else for them!” He held up his hand. “By my command seal-!”
“Joker, stop!” Mona shouted, tears dropping from his eyes. “Please… please don’t.
Archer’s… Archer’s right. Marie and Mozart are g-gone by now. They volunteered to l-lead
the cognitive Satan a-away so w-we can survive. We’re here b-because of them.”
He buried his face in his paws. “I-It’s my fault,” he sobbed. “I-I made the wrong call. We shshould’ve just r-ran after w-we got the map to th-the rendezvous p-point. Then Marie and MMozart w-wouldn’t have…”
“Enough,” Saber admonished calmly but firmly. “You made the best choices you could –
both of you. But no king nor commander can control every variable. Unexpected factors can
derail even the best laid plans. The only thing we can do now is proceed and make the best of
the situation. We’ve achieved our objectives with a few losses – regrettable, but nothing can
be done at this point. We need to proceed from here.”
Mona looked at the Saber, then slowly turned to Siegfried. “Is… is this what you w-were ttalking about?” he asked the dragonslayer plaintively. “Wh-when you talked a-about
luck…?”
Siegfried hesitated, then nodded in sympathy. “Yes,” he agreed. “As your Saber has
mentioned, it is impossible to control every factor. I had never fallen on the battlefield.
Rather, it was ultimately my circumstances and my choices that led to my downfall. But there
is nothing I can do now about it.”
As he listened to Mona and the Servants, Joker felt his fear and anger ebb away, leaving only
a horrifically painful hollowness within. One that came from hearing a truth he had no desire
to hear. They were right. This wasn’t like their previous adventures in the Metaverse, where
they could plan almost every battle to their advantage or simply maneuver themselves around
various obstacles. The battles here had far higher stakes with far more dangerous enemies.
Having no casualties at this point was simply a childish delusion.
Marie and Mozart were gone. And there was nothing they could’ve done to stop it. Once
more, the image of a metal door slamming down before he could move replayed in his mind.

Was he truly this powerless?
Archer sighed and relaxed his stance. “We’ll need some time to recover,” he stated calmly.
“All of us have been through battles and stress in this Palace. We’ll rest here for a bit before
we resume planning and the mission. Masters, you still have some rations. Eat and regain
your strength – you’ve both no doubt used a considerable amount of power while we’re
here.”
“I’m not hungry,” Joker mumbled, exhausted.
“Please, senpai,” Mash begged, stepping forward. “Nutrition is important and… and I do not
think Marie and Mozart would wish for you to go hungry. Even Mozart a few nights ago tried
to have some of the rations. Although, I think it was more out of curiosity than anything to do
with nourishment.” She trailed off at the end, scratching her cheek in embarrassment at the
memory.
Both Joker and Mona blinked at the Shielder before chuckling, despite their sadness. “So
that’s what that was about,” Mona murmured, laughing despite himself. “We should probably
eat, Joker. We might feel better with some food in our stomachs. At the very least, we’ll be
miserable and full as opposed to miserable and hungry.”
“Well said,” Saber agreed, nodding sagely. Both Masters shot her a stink-eye that she
pointedly ignored. Joker sighed as they both fished out a ration pack each and proceeded to
heat it up. As they did, the room was silent, everyone with their own thoughts. Besides the
occasional sniffle from Jeanne, Mona, and Elizabeth, there wasn’t a sound from anybody.
Archer and Siegfried had once more taken up guard positions beside the door and Georgios
was murmuring a quiet prayer for the two.
Joker watched his food cook within the bag as he thought. Both Marie and Mozart knew how
to make things lively in the group. Despite their silliness, they didn’t fail to bring a smile to
their faces with their antics. With both of them gone, everything felt far heavier. He wanted to
do something to honor their memory – perhaps a toast or something – but he didn’t have
anything proper to do so with. Bottles of water certainly didn’t seem fitting for the occasion.
Maybe after they scouted a route to the Treasure and got out of the Palace.
Once the food finished cooking, they quietly ate, sitting at the table. The food tasted bland
and indistinct as it always did, though it seemed to be even more flavorless this time around.
Mash sat near them, fidgeting, though she didn’t say anything. No one mistook the silence as
a lack of care, however. They all had their mission. There would be time for grief later.
A few minutes later, all of them produced their portions of the map and laid them out on the
table. As Joker and Mona had said, the three pieces formed into one complete map. Mona,
who was standing on the table, pointed to a specific spot. “There, the throne room,” he
declared. “That’s where the Treasure will be.”
“You’re certain?” Jeanne asked.
Mona nodded. “Positive,” he replied. “The Treasure is always in the deepest part of the
Palace. Whether it’s some sort of safe or treasury. There’s nowhere further than the throne

room, so that’s gotta be where the Treasure will be.”
“She couldn’t just hide it away somewhere else?” Archer asked, frowning. “One of the
functions of the heist you mentioned was the calling card. If she knows we’re coming for it,
wouldn’t she have moved the Treasure to some place more secure?”
Joker shook his head. “Palaces don’t work like that,” he answered. “The conscious mind isn’t
aware of the subconscious, where the Treasure lays. It’ll be in the most guarded section, but
for the most part it won’t be moved. Worst case, it’ll just be moved even deeper into some
deeper compartment, but that’s rare.”
When Treasures were moved, it was often under extenuating circumstances – Okumura ran
with it with his flying saucer, Sae moved it to her custom arena, and Shido basically had it
flying above them their entire fight. Still, no matter the situation, once the shadow was
defeated, they would end up relinquishing their Treasure, one way or another.
But there came another issue. Once the ruler was defeated, it was all too likely the Servants
would try to kill her then and there. As much as he liked and trusted them, they were
hardened warriors who would grasp victory however they could simply because it was
necessary. Jeanne had convinced them to go with the heist for now as opposed to outright
killing her, but would they ultimately listen to her? Or him? Him and Mona had command
seals that could force them to stop but… what would that mean afterward?
‘Am I really too much of a child for this after all?’ he thought. His eyes trailed down to his
gloves. Normally a bright, vivid red, he saw the splotches from his blood still on them,
staining them an ugly crimson.
His hands gripped into fists. Maybe they couldn’t stick to their old ways. Already, this heist
had cost them Marie and Mozart. Sooner or later, for his friends and family – for humanity to
come back…
He remembered the gun Akechi showed him back in the dream. The false detective had used
the Metaverse for his own ends, killing people or driving them psychotic for his own ends.
As one who could slip into the Metaverse, he could kill with impunity and it could never be
traced back to him, nor could he easily be defended against as it was a plane that almost
everyone had no awareness of. A Servant’s Palace had far more potent defenses than their
previous targets, sure, but they still had the element of surprise.
Could he do what he did? If he needed to, would he be able to pull the trigger? If he did, he
wouldn’t be a Phantom Thief anymore. He would be a…
“Senpai? Senpai!”
Joker blinked as he looked up. Everyone else was staring at him in concern. Mash had come
up right beside him and was almost in his face. He forced a grin. “Sorry about that, spaced
out,” he apologized easily. He looked back down at the map, trying to ignore the looks
everyone else was giving him. Pointing out a section of the wall near the keep, he said, “Over
here. A hole in the wall’s marked. We can get in and make our way inside that way.”

Everyone looked. Indeed, where Joker pointed was an indicated breach. The keep itself
seemed straightforward overall. It boiled down to ‘keep going up until they reached the
throne room’. “Now, there may still be other defenses there,” Mona warned. “Cognitive
Servants, demons, wyverns. It’s possible we might encounter the Palace ruler – Jeanne d’Arc
Alter - herself. Everyone be on your toes and let’s just hope Satan doesn’t pop up again.”
Everyone nodded. With that, they filed out the door. Joker could feel Archer’s analyzing gaze
upon him, but he ignored it. He could think about it after this singularity and would talk to
Morgana about it. However, the conclusion he was steadily approaching sank into the pit of
his stomach. And he already killed people – Servants. One way or another.
He wondered how Akechi felt after he killed his first person. How did he continue to justify
to himself to keep killing, no matter who or what? How did it come to him so easily? Would
he be able to do so?
“Master of Chaldea, a word.”
Joker glanced back and saw that Kiyohime hadn’t stepped out yet. Everyone else looked at
her in surprise. It wasn’t like her to call out someone like this. He nodded to the others. “I’ll
be back out in a bit,” he reassured them. With that, he stepped back inside, closing the door
behind him. “What seems to be the problem, Kiyo-“
“Why did you lie?” she interrupted in a clipped voice. Joker froze at the accusation. Now that
he was taking a closer look at her, he could see her eyes boring into him with a nearunrestrained wrath, her grip on her fan so tight that her knuckles were an even paler shade
than usual. “I believe I have made myself clear, Master of Chaldea – I do not tolerate liars
under any circumstance. Yet you have lied in front of me. Before I judge whether you deserve
my wrath, I ask you to explain yourself.”
His mind raced to figure out his argument. If he said the wrong thing, then Kiyohime would
definitely carry out her threat. He was certainly able to resist long enough to either subdue
her or get one of the other Servants back in, but either method would likely end up with her
losing her life. He couldn’t allow that to happen. He had to think for a bit what he had exactly
lied about. Was it him saying he wasn’t hungry? He didn’t feel hungry at the time. Was it –
oh right.
“Is this about me spacing out?” Joker asked. “I had a lot of things on my mind, Kiyohime.
Sorry about that. I really did blank out for a bit there because of them. I just thought I could
get it out of the way so we could get back to planning.” It was better to tell as much of the
truth as he could in this scenario. Anything else would probably just anger Kiyohime more,
and that wasn’t what he needed right now.
Kiyohime continued to glare at him, with Joker’s gaze unflinching despite the terror that
crawled down his spine. “Once this alliance has completed its purpose, I shall go my own
way,” she growled. “I do not require a Master who keeps so many secrets that he would have
no choice but to lie. Watch yourself, Ren Amamiya, else I will direct my dragonfire at you
instead.” Without waiting for Joker’s answer, she walked past him and out the door. Joker
could only breathe a sigh of relief as he followed her.

Everyone looked between Kiyohime and Joker in concern, but the latter simply shot them a
reassuring smile and shook his head. The situation was settled at least. Not in the most
satisfactory manner but at least no one died. It would have to do for now as they moved out.
As they made their way through the alleys and streets, the areas were once more prowled by
demons and wyverns. The Servants made quick work of them as quietly as possible as they
moved along, following the map’s directions. Before long, they came to the wall itself: Dark,
looming, and completely covered in ice. There would be no way in hell anyone could climb
it.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Elizabeth commented, keeping her voice to a whisper. “Why couldn’t we
just blast through this thing to begin with? We’ve got some real powerhouses here – heck, I
can probably knock it down! Why did we even look for that map to begin with?”
“Like we said before, Elizabeth, we don’t want to alert the subconscious too much,” Mona
whispered back impatiently. “We might be able to blow it up, but that would probably get us
kicked out at best or at worst, bring down the cognitive Satan on our butts. With the area
around us packed tighter than a sardine can, we’d be sitting ducks for it. You wanna risk
that?” Elizabeth paled at the thought and shook her head frantically. “That’s what we thought.
Now, let’s go.”
Moving along the wall, they eventually came to the indicated spot on the map: A narrow
crack that was just large enough to allow a single person through at a time, even Siegfried.
Saber went through first to establish a foothold, shimmying through the crack and popping
out on the other side, summoning her blade as she kept a careful guard.
The crack led into an empty courtyard – the stables near the gate a crumbled ruin, the
smithies cold, snow and ice dripping off various target dummies that lined the walls. Though
the gates of the walls themselves were closed as well as the main doors, there was a side door
she could see from there. There weren’t any signs of cognitive Servants, demons, or wyverns.
One by one, each person came through the crack, with Elizabeth having the most difficulty
thanks to her tail. Surprisingly, she didn’t complain. Even she knew that complaining about it
was only going to be counterproductive at this point. The last one through was Archer, who
had been acting as a sentry on the other side and made sure no one got hit from behind.
Moving warily across the courtyard, they came to the side door. Joker reached forward and
pulled it open. The castle was much darker, illuminated only by various torches burning with
a blue flame as well as the odd lighting from outside. The hallways were tall and wide, but
still fairly narrow overall. “Do you know this area, Jeanne?” Georgios asked, looking at the
frozen hallways as they filed in.
Jeanne shook her head. “I never had the pleasure of staying at the castle for long,” she
murmured. “I was often out in the field and only came for my various audiences with the
Dauphin and the king. I do not think I can serve as a guide to the castle. My apologies.”
Mona waved it off. “Wouldn’t matter anyway,” he replied. “The layout of a Palace is often
completely different to the location in real life, otherwise we would have had no trouble

navigating our first Palace, which was Ren’s high school. It’s best we keep to the map and
follow that instead. That’ll get us closer to where we need to go.”
With that, they began moving. With the narrower hallways, they had to alter their formation
to proceed. Saber, Georgios, and Jeanne took the vanguard, with Mash right behind them to
guard the Masters. Joker and Mona were in the center. Covering the rear were Siegfried,
Archer, Kiyohime, and Elizabeth. Despite specializing more in range, Kiyohime was in front
of Archer and right behind the dragonslayer and Lancer.
The two Phantom Thieves felt uneasy as they carefully walked through the frozen halls. The
cognitions outside were one thing, but the castle should have shadows patrolling or
wandering. Yet nobody saw or felt any presence of them overall. It was the classic case of the
whole scenario being quiet. Far too quiet. Judging by how tense the Servants seemed, they
were all in silent agreement. Thus, everyone kept their guard up as they moved.
Suddenly, the vanguard froze and immediately ducked down, pressing themselves against the
walls, weapons at the ready. Everyone else followed suit. There was silence for a few
seconds… then they heard some liquid slithering. Joker and Mona barely stopped themselves
from squawking as some tentacled… thing squirmed by, going through a door down a
staircase.
Elizabeth had prevented herself from shrieking by biting her sleeve, almost tearing through
the fabric. “Puppy, kitty, what the hell was that?!” she demanded in a frantic whisper.
Joker shook his head. “Don’t ask us,” he replied, trying to keep his own terror from his voice.
“We’ve never encountered that in any Palace we’ve gone through! And those are still
cognitions, not shadows!”
Jeanne’s eyes widened. “Cog – wait, do you mean to tell me those… things exist in real life,
and my doppelganger might be utilizing them?” she asked, looking at the group. Hearing
that, everyone’s faces paled.
Mona gulped. “Sometimes, cognitions can be distorted,” he explained. “But… I dunno what
kind of distortion would get you something like that . So… it’s pretty likely that at the very
least, something almost as gross is wandering the halls of the Orleans castle.”
Thunk .
Elizabeth had collapsed in a dead faint.
A few minutes later, after rousing the idol-to-be, they continued through the castle. Everyone
was even more on edge now compared to before, looking out for more of those tentacled
monstrosities. Archer particularly kept checking any ceilings or corners, with Joker and
Mona did as well as soon as they noticed him doing so. Joker’s eyes were red as he accessed
his Third Eye, looking for more distinguishing marks or the signature glowing auras of any
enemies. It reduced the rest of his vision, but luckily the Servants around him would easily
guide him in turn.

While more tentacled monstrosities slithered by, none of them seemed to notice the group,
allowing for a relatively smooth, if nerve-wracking, trip. As they approached the throne
room, the vanguard immediately threw themselves against a wall, peeking around a corner.
Everyone else did suit as well while the rear guard kept a watch to make sure nothing snuck
up on them. Moments later, the doors of the throne room burst open as two figures marched
out – or rather, one figure stomped out with the other following.
The first figure was the doppelganger. Her yellow eyes were glowing in comparison to their
relatively dead hue in the real world. “What the hell do you mean you haven’t found the
intruders yet?!” she screeched. Her voice had a reverb to it that distorted her voice and only
emphasized her rage. “They’ve been rampaging everywhere and even killed off the other
Servants, weak as they are! Who the hell can I summon now?! No one’s responding!”
At the sight or sound of her, everyone’s eyes widened as they looked over to Joker and Mona.
They could only nod in grim confirmation. Without a doubt, it was the doppelganger’s
shadow. Unlike most Palace rulers, she was still wearing the same clothes that she did in the
real world – that is, the saint regalia that was blackened to contrast with Jeanne’s normal
clothes. However, the eyes and voice as well as her presence gave it away.
“I am most sorry, my dear Jeanne, a thousand apologies,” the second figure simpered as he
lowered his head. It was a man wearing long, black robes with a flamboyant black and red
collar. His face was unhealthily pale and gaunt, with greasy slicked black hair and bulging
fish-like eyes. In his hand he carried a book that was yellowed with age, the cover having
some sort of yellow fiber stretched across.
Jeanne raised a hand to her mouth to suppress a gasp. Despite how twisted and different the
man looked, she couldn’t forget one of her most ardent supporters and second-in-command in
life. “G-Gilles?” she whispered in a horrified tone. “Is… is that truly you?”
Everyone looked at the saint in shock, but quickly silenced themselves as the two began
speaking again. “I don’t give a damn about your apologies, Gilles!” the doppelganger
snarled. “What I want is all of these intruders dealt and crucified! Or better yet, fed to the
demons! Crucify them in front of that… monster for all I care! Get rid of them! And set up
more patrols!”
“Yes, of course, of course, my beautiful Jeanne,” the man replied, his tone supplicant. “Your
will be done! And afterward, we shall continue turning France into a Hell the likes of which
the Devil has never seen!”
The doppelganger clicked her tongue. “Tch, I got a taste of Hell already, both by flame and
ice,” she growled as she began stomping away. “At the very least, I can give them a taste of
fire. I’m not gonna let that pathetic excuse of my past self ruin everything!” Turning around a
corner, she was gone.
Gilles in the meantime opened his book. Muttering incomprehensible words, he held out a
hand over the yellowed pages. In front of him a black portal glowing with eldritch energy
opened on the floor. Out crawled another more of the tentacled abominations they had been
seeing throughout the castle. Elizabeth covered her mouth to avoid throwing up as everyone
else barely held back their revulsion. The fallen knight pointed with one gnarled finger. At

his direction, the monsters slithered down separate hallways as Gilles shambled down
another.
A few minutes later, there was only silence through the halls. Everyone let out a shaky sigh
of relief. Jeanne turned to look at everyone else in horrified askance but Joker raised a hand.
“Later,” he murmured his short answer. Jeanne gulped and nodded. Indeed, it wasn’t the time
for discussing what they just witnessed.
The doors of the throne room still open, they quickly moved in. The room was massive, with
a marble tiled floor and elaborate walls and ceilings. On the opposite side was a small indent
housing a throne. It was a surprisingly simple yet ornate room overall. It would’ve even
carried an air of splendor and power with it if the entire place wasn’t completely frozen over
like everything else. Here, in fact, it was even worse: piles of ice had collected around the
bottom of the walls as massive, sharp icicles hung ominously on the ceiling. Normally
vibrant touches like the red carpet were iced over, dulling their look to insignificance. On the
throne itself rested a bright, glowing haze.
However, the frozen throne room nor the haze weren’t what caught the group’s attention.
There were other points of interest around the throne room.
Namely, the crucifixes that stood in front of them. Three total. All of them mounted with their
victims.
Joker and Mona braced for combat, as did most of the other Servants. However, it was clear
that unlike the ones that were guarding the guard outpost earlier, the people on the crosses
were dead, their corpses frozen over with expressions of pure agony. Then Jeanne gasped and
raced over to one of the crucifixes, her flag dropping from her hands and crashing against the
frozen floor, the sound echoing through the empty chamber.
“Th-the Dauphin?” she stammered. Joker blinked in surprise. The Dauphin, he recalled from
his lessons in world history, was the name of the crown prince of France at the time – and
was raised to the throne by Jeanne d’Arc to become King Charles VII. To see him crucified
like this… it was clear the doppelganger had quite a bone to pick with him. Probably for
leaving her to be tried and burned at the stake in the end, unable or unwilling to help her.
The other corpse was an important personage as well. Philip the Good, who was the Duke of
Burgundy – a technically French region that had allied itself with the English and fought with
them against the French. Jeanne had led her men against his forces in the later parts of her
campaign and would later be defeated and captured by his men.
The saint’s expression could only be described as ‘utter horror’ as she stumbled to the last
crucifix. “Bishop Pierre Cauchon,” she whispered. On the cross was an older man in priestly
robes. The doppelganger seemed to have it particularly out for him, with multiple swords and
spears buried in his body whereas the other ones were left more or less untouched after their
crucifixion.
That wasn’t a name either Master was familiar with. “Who?” Mona asked.

“The bishop who tried and had Jeanne condemned,” Georgios supplied, gazing up at the body
with a mix of cold anger and revulsion. “The man had made sure the trial was rigged with as
many enemies against her as possible and manipulated things to the end. I am unsurprised
that the doppelganger particularly mistreated this man in both life and death – no doubt he
would’ve been quite the focus of her rage.”
“This is not what I wanted,” she whispered, tears forming in her eyes. “I bore no ill will
towards him, nor my people. If by my death I could secure peace for my country, then I
would go in peace and grace. And I did. To enact such wrath and vengeance upon them…”
She wiped her eyes and gulped. “No, now I know for certain,” she murmured. “This…
doppelganger. Whoever she is, she is not me. I would’ve remembered the men I fought and
broke bread with, the generals I argued with, and my family whom I missed dearly every day.
I saw none of them here. And… I never would’ve given such cruel fates to these men, no
matter what. She must be stopped.”
Joker nodded approvingly. “And our goal is right there,” he pointed out, nodding toward the
glowing haze. Finally, almost everyone’s eyes were drawn to the haze floating above the
throne (Archer and Kiyohime were standing guard by the door). “That’s the Treasure,” he
explained. “Once we send the calling card, the ruler will be made aware of the Treasure and it
will manifest. After that, it’s a matter of getting in, grabbing it, and getting out.”
“And with that, our route to the Treasure is secured,” Mona affirmed. “Now, we better get out
of here. We have a lot of preparations to make. Tomorrow’s gonna be a big day.” Everyone
nodded and left the throne room. Jeanne was last. She took one last glance at the crucified
men and the indistinct Treasure. She whispered a prayer for them as well as the
doppelganger.
And then she left with the others.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/TSEXr2mb

Chapter 30: Ideals
Chapter Summary

Servants are not Phantom Thieves, and vice versa.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Getting out of the Palace was considerably easier. With a direct path, they were able to exit
out the way they came in without encountering the cognitive Satan. As they stepped out, the
sun was starting to set, bathing the land in fading orange light. Archer immediately moved to
a vantage point to scope out Orleans. The horde in the city hadn’t moved. They were still
holed up and guarding the place. Ren and Morgana had already explained that whatever
happened in the Palace, the Palace holder wouldn’t know anything about it, which was
fortunate for them.
As soon as they stepped out, Ren’s communicator beeped. Tapping it, the Master was face to
face with Roman’s very panicked face. “Ren, where the hell were all of you?!” he demanded,
his eyes manic. “We completely lost your location and couldn’t find you anywhere! All we
had were your vitals and they were fluctuating like crazy! Just what-?!”
“Perhaps if you stopped talking for a few seconds, Romani, the prodigio ragazzo will explain
for us,” Da Vinci noted. Her ever-present smile was still on her face, but it was certainly
strained with no small amount of menace. Her eyes bore into Ren as she turned to face the
screen. “So, what happened in there, my ragazzo and maginico gatto? I trust you’ve a rather
fantastical explanation?”
Ren and Morgana glanced at each other before turning back to the screen. “We can’t tell you
here,” the former replied. “It’s sensitive information. However, we can tell you that we may
have found another way to the doppelganger. We might be able to stop her. We’ll explain as
much as we can once we finish up here and come back to Chaldea, but we can’t tell you
now.” He glanced around at the edges of the screen. Roman and Da Vinci immediately got
the hint: Not around the other Chaldean staff.
Roman looked over Ren’s shoulder, where Mash was standing. “Mash, what’s your take on
this?” he asked. “You’ve been with Ren this entire time. Your assessment?”
The Shielder blinked, then nodded. “Ren’s method is… unorthodox,” she phrased carefully.
“However, it’s a safer way than trying to infiltrate Orleans by the regular method. It’s still
dangerous, but within acceptable margins.” Ren shot Mash a grateful look, causing Mash to
blush a bit. Still, she didn’t break her gaze from Roman. He trusted her, so she would trust

him. And she told the truth to Roman as best she could. The Palace was safer than the city
with its horde of monsters.
There was a moment as Roman considered, then he nodded wearily. “Alright, if it’s a better
method, then it’s better,” he acquiesced. “However, when you’re about to head someplace
where we’ll lose our readings of you, let us know so we’re not scrambling and panicking
over what’s going on.” That was an acceptable enough condition. Ren and Morgana nodded
in agreement. Roman sighed, looking more exhausted than ever. “Is there anything else you
need to report then?” he asked.
“We’re planning on getting things resolved tomorrow,” Morgana piped up, drawing the gazes
of everyone. “We’ll need to make some preparations, though. Da Vinci? We got requests for
you.”
Da Vinci blinked in surprise, then her smile widened into an eager grin. “Oh? You always
have the most interesting requests, my maginico gatto,” she purred. “What do you have in
mind?”
“Something a little… flashy,” Morgana replied, matching her grin. “It’s about what we
discussed before and it’s going to be a rush job. Think you’re up to it?”
The genius’s smile grew even wider.
---------Once the requests were made and Da Vinci eagerly got to work, the group set up camp a
distance away from Orleans. The last thing they needed was to attract the attention of the
horde. There was a clearing where they were able to make a campfire, keeping it low enough
so the smoke wouldn’t rise too far and alert anything or anyone keeping watch.
Ren sat by the campfire, staring into the flames. Both he and Morgana were exhausted. It
wasn’t anything he wasn’t used to – delving into the Metaverse was taxing on one’s mind and
body. Whenever the Thieves left either the Palaces or Mementos, at most they’d stop for a
bite to eat (often at Ryuji’s request) before shambling home. Tomorrow, they would send the
calling card and storm the Palace for the doppelganger’s Treasure. And after that…
He gripped his arm as he considered. Would stealing her Treasure actually resolve things?
Before when their targets had their hearts stolen, they would end up confessing to their guilt,
unable to bury the weight of their sins any longer. But if the doppelganger did so here, what
would happen? Would she just… give up? If she did, what then? What would happen to the
monsters in Orleans? What about her majordomo, Gilles de Rais? If he was in her cognition
to that degree, no doubt he was in the castle as well. Was this worth it?
Or had he led Marie and Mozart to their deaths just to satisfy his ideals?
He heard a faint rustle and glanced over. Morgana came and sat down beside Ren. “Hey,” the
catlike being greeted in a tired voice.
“Hey,” Ren responded in kind.

Morgana was quiet for a bit. “Servant Palaces sure are a different breed, huh?” he murmured.
Ren chuckled grimly. That was an understatement. They knew that with a Palace like ‘Hell’ it
was certainly going to be far more challenging than what they did before. What they
experienced and went through, though, made Shido and Maruki’s Palaces pale in comparison.
Vicious demons killing and devouring victims, people crucified and frozen, and of course, the
cognitive Satan…
The others were out and about. Siegfried and Georgios were keeping watch. Mash, Jeanne,
and Elizabeth were talking together a small distance away. Saber was staring out at Orleans,
most likely figuring out any further points of ingress or escape if they needed to head in in
real life. Or possibly comparing the Palace layout to what the city was like. They weren’t
sure. Kiyohime, who normally spent her time with Marie and Mozart, was by herself, staring
up at the stars.
“So what did you and her talk about?” Morgana asked out of curiosity. Right, he was there
when Kiyohime called him away. Ren explained the conversation between the two. Morgana
bristled as he listened. “What the hell!” he exclaimed, barely keeping his voice low enough
so the Berserker couldn’t hear. “We’re here busting our butts to make sure humanity comes
back and all she can think of is-is you lying?! Hell, what did you even lie about anyway?! As
far as I can tell, you haven’t lied to her once at all!”
“First time dealing with a Berserker?”
At the voice, both Masters whirled around to see Archer standing above them, smiling
sardonically. “Asking for rationality and logic from a Berserker class is the same as asking a
tree to rain gold on your head,” he commented. “They’re called Berserkers for a reason –
their madness is ingrained into their very being. And for someone like Kiyohime… are you
aware of her legend, Master?”
Ren blinked and racked his brain. It was an old Japanese legend that he heard once or twice
before. “She was a princess who fell for a… monk. Anchin, I think,” he murmured as he dug
up the details from his memory. “Anchin rejected her advances but promised to see her again.
However, he was afraid and ultimately didn’t visit her, so she turned into a dragon out of
anger, chased him into a bell, incinerated him within, and then drowned herself in a river. Is
that about right?”
Archer nodded, glancing over at Kiyohime, who thankfully still wasn’t listening. “The
princess was driven into a rage by two factors: Lies and Anchin,” he explained. “As a
Berserker, those two factors are amplified considerably. She has such a hatred of lies that she
can immediately detect them, and she’ll normally dote on her Master as her Anchin.”
He looked at Ren through the side of his eye. “Be thankful you’re not her Master,” he added.
“If she had mistaken you as Anchin and you lied, I doubt you’d be here right now.”
The leader of the Phantom Thieves and Morgana felt a cold chill down his spine. He kept
forgetting that these weren’t normal people he was dealing with. These… Servants were
heroes, villains, and even monsters of myth and legend. They were people who became that
way not just through their perseverance, strength, intelligence, or kindness, but through their

own individual distortions pushing them well beyond what other people would be capable of.
Distortions that made their previous targets seem like mere pushovers in comparison.
Ren looked up at Archer. The man’s grey eyes were looking off into the distance, always on
the watch for something amiss or a detail that might either harm them or give them an edge.
Though his body was relaxed, he knew well that, if the situation calls for it, he could
immediately spring into action. “How… how do you do it?” he asked faintly.
The red-mantled Servant glanced back down at him, blinking. “Do what?” he asked.
“How do you… kill?” Ren clarified. He felt completely lost and alone. The Phantom Thieves
lived by a code of not killing. They wanted their targets to be properly punished for their
crimes and to give hope to others. The act of killing was repugnant to them, a line they
weren’t willing to cross else they would become just like their targets.
“Killing isn’t something that is taken lightly, Master.”
Ren and Morgana jumped a bit as Saber came up from the other side, sitting by the fire as
well. “Forgive me for eavesdropping,” she apologized. “I happened to be nearby.” She gazed
into the fire, lost in memories. “Do you know what we are, Ren Amamiya? Morgana?” she
asked, glancing over at the pair.
The two Masters looked at each other. “You’re… Servants,” Morgana answered hesitantly.
“Beings from myth and legend, right?”
Saber nodded patiently. “Indeed. We are kings, heroes, generals, monsters, and many more,”
she explained. “However, if you know anything about our tales, you will know that people
with our standings rarely have easy lives.”
She stared into the fire as she remembered Camelot. “When I was a king, I did all I could to
ensure the prosperity of my kingdom and my people,” she murmured. “If there were peaceful
methods to avoid conflict, be it diplomacy or otherwise, I pursued it. However, many times
that was not possible. I had many enemies both within and outside my kingdom.” Especially
within. Camelot fell in the end – not to foreign enemies, but to its own knights and her own
hubris. A mistake that came from pursuing her ideal kingship to the very end.
“As king, I led my men into battle,” she continued. “I have no love for killing, nor did I wish
to, but if they threatened the safety of my people, then I cut my enemies down without
hesitation. I mourned those who fell as they fought by my side and did my best to honor and
respect those I fought against, but in the end, war is little more than a bloodbath. Chivalry
helped restrain the worst of it, but in the end, killing and death is unavoidable.”
The two listened to her, both horrified and contemplative. A king became and stayed a king
by winning his battles and claiming territory. A hero became a hero by killing monsters and
men. There were those like Mozart who became legends through more peaceful deeds and
work, but that unfortunately wasn’t what was needed. Even Mozart himself would freely and
happily admit that his skills wouldn’t even be close enough to what was needed.

Ren thought he knew how bad things could get back in Tokyo, but this was beyond that. It
wasn’t like with their targets who, even if they killed, kept things subtle or untraceable. They
were dealing with people who would kill them without a second thought. There weren’t
things like ‘law’ or ‘justice’ here – such things were dictated by those who were still alive in
the end.
“If it helps, Masters,” Archer spoke up. “Servants are already dead. We’re merely copies of
people who have long since passed – the best you can call us are their legacies. Even if we’re
killed, it matters little in the end. We’re beings who have no purpose in the present – only the
mission we have been summoned to do.”
Ren’s eyes immediately snapped back up to the red-mantled hero. “We’re not treating you as
disposable tools or pawns,” he replied harshly. “If I had treated everyone like that, I wouldn’t
be here in the first place. And neither am I willing to sacrifice you guys – there has to be
other ways. If I have to sacrifice anyone else, then I’ve failed as a Master and as a leader.”
Both Archer and Saber stared at him as Morgana cast his gaze to the ground. The catlike
being was the perhaps the only one left who knew just how Ren felt about sacrifices. No
matter what, he always went out of his way to help those close to him, no matter the risk to
himself. Whether it was saving their companions from abusive authority figures to taking on
the heat so attention would be off them in turn, to even saving former enemies from certain
death, like with Maruki.
“How did you fight then, Master?” Archer asked. “It’s clear both of you have experience in
combat and command, yet it wasn’t under wartime environments. And it would seem the
doppelganger’s Palace was far different than what you had experienced before, judging by
how you two reacted.” Though his eyes were still sharp, Archer’s tone was surprisingly calm
and far from accusatory or condescending. Saber was also calmly analyzing them as well,
awaiting their answer.
Ren considered. What they were asking for was hardly unreasonable – it took a few fights
whenever a new Phantom Thief joined for their style to truly ‘click’ and they could figure out
how they worked. And if he was going to be fighting alongside his Servants, it would be
better to know their modus operandi as well as their history. But…
“Not right now,” he replied, looking between the two. His expression was deathly serious.
“It’s not that I don’t want to tell you guys, but I don’t know who’s listening or not, both here
and in Chaldea. Once we’re done here, I’ll tell you guys everything I can and we can
coordinate enough. Does that sound fair enough?”
Archer and Saber glanced at each other. “Are your secrets worth keeping even now, Ren
Amamiya?” the latter asked, her stern green eyes boring into Ren’s, searching for any sign of
weakness or falsity. She may not have Kiyohime’s instinctual detection of lies, but years of
being a king had honed her political senses well enough.
The Master shot her a humorless smile in turn. “More than you can imagine,” he simply
replied.

Their shared gaze held for a few more seconds before Saber relented. “I shall trust your
judgement then, Master,” she replied gracefully. “Although it is not ideal to have such
unsurety the eve before the battle, it’s far more common than you think.”
Ren blinked. “What were battles like for you guys, then?” he asked, looking at the two
Servants once more. He might as well get a stronger handle of how they composed
themselves and handled war. This was far more their specialty than his own, after all. He
would definitely need their advice in the days to come.
He inwardly smiled in nostalgia, sadness, and bitterness as he remembered his confidants.
Yoshida, who taught him speechcraft, Oda, who taught him gunmanship (even though it was
virtual), Hifume, who taught him strategy and tactics, and of course, Sojiro, who taught him
how to cook and make the perfect cup of coffee. It seems even here, some things don’t
change.
—------The two Servants taught Ren what they knew in the short time they had for the evening:
Saber taught Ren about logistics and war planning. An army marches on its stomach, as the
old saying goes. No matter what time period, that was always a constant in war. Thankfully
logistics were extremely easily dealt with on their end – any supplies that Ren, Morgana, and
Mash needed were provided from the base itself while the Servants didn’t need food; the
prana upkeep from Chaldea was enough to sustain them.
Through her, they learned a few aspects of the relationship between Servants and Masters.
Prioritizing Masters was often the more effective method as they were weaker than their
Servants. Unless the Servant had some special ability to allow them to live longer, killing the
Master would deprive them of prana and pretty much cut them off then and there. It was also
what allowed the doppelganger to be so deadly – any resupplies necessary could be done
with the Grail, from food to men, or in this case, monsters. Thus, the traditional tactic of
cutting off their supply lines wouldn’t work either.
Archer went on a different tack. He had the two bring out the maps of the cognitive Orleans
and instructed them on vantage points and utilizing the lay of the land. In his words, the two
excelled in infiltration, but less so in exfiltration and more importantly, what would happen if
the enemy did the same thing to them. That was true – back in their own adventures, the
shadows often had easy-to-follow patrol routes. It made ambushing them almost laughably
easy.
Ren remembered the agonizing pressure from Berserker’s gauntlet around his head. He
genuinely thought he was going to die then and there. Only the timely intervention of Mash
saved him from getting his head crushed like a fruit or ran through with his blade. The threat
of imminent death still sent a shiver down his spine. Even back in the interrogation room, he
never had that close a brush with death – there, Akechi had been close but not close enough.
Here…
The red-mantled hero used his own battle with the enemy Archer – Atalante – for an
example. Quickly pinpointing the position of their battle, he discussed the movements both
he and Atalante made, utilizing both cover and vantage points to flush the other out. He made

it clear that such confined territory was the Huntress’s home territory and thus Archer was
put on the back foot. Thus, he lured her into an alley with a few clear openings and exits by
making deliberate mistakes, then killing her when her guard was down.
The two Masters listened with rapt attention to Archer’s battle. It was both similar yet
exceptionally different to their own fights as Phantom Thieves. The areas they have been in –
a castle, an art museum, a bank, a cruise ship, and more, were far more constrictive than the
city they fought through, but many of the tactics of what Archer explained could still be
applied. From how Archer described it, Ren doubted he would’ve fared against Atalante any
better than he did against that Berserker by himself.
Still, it did leave a lot of thoughts for him to mull on as he stared out over the ruined city of
Orleans. Despite the setting sun, there were no lights coming on in the buildings. Well, that
was to be expected – who would be living in them anyway? Especially when he could see
wyverns roosting and monsters prowling about. He didn’t get a chance to look at most of the
towns or cities here during the night. Bordeaux had some semblance of life despite people
being scared for their lives. But staring at Orleans like this, it felt… surreal. And oddly
terrifying.
It felt completely unnatural.
“May I sit here?”
Ren glanced up at Jeanne, who smiled down at him. He returned the smile and patted the
grass next to him. The saint sat down beside him looking over the city. They sat in silence,
each with their own thoughts. Before long, he heard her murmuring a prayer, her head
lowered and eyes closed. Ren waited patiently until she finished. “Who are you praying for?”
he asked.
Jeanne glanced over at him. “For everyone,” she murmured. “For those who have died from
my doppelganger’s rampage. For us and our mission. For those who are still alive and will
rebuild this country. And… for my doppelganger and those who serve her, and hoping they
find forgiveness under His grace.”
He stared uneasily at the city. “Doesn’t it bother you?” he inquired. “You’re a saint, yet you’ll
kill if you have to.” Ren sighed. “Sorry, I’m sure I sound like a child right now,” he muttered
ruefully. “It’s just… everyone here seems comfortable killing if necessary. Before… well,
everything, I never killed before. I thought if I killed, I’d lower myself to… a level I don’t
want to match.” He had to be careful here – he would rather not talk about their targets in the
open. But even now, he just felt like he was rambling, trying to find a way to justify sticking
to his usual ways instead of doing whatever was necessary.
The saint didn’t judge, merely quietly listening. She smiled sadly. “You are not much older
than I am, you know,” she pointed out, which quickly drew Ren’s attention. That’s right –
Jeanne d’Arc had started her mission and campaign when she was merely sixteen years old.
He was only older than her by a year or so, if that.
She hugged her knees as she looked out at the desolate city. “In my campaigns, I never drew
my blade nor actively participated in fighting,” she murmured. “But my hands aren’t any

cleaner. I was the one who led my men into battle, after all. As for how… I could say it was
my mission from Him and therefore it was justified, but even then, there were many times I
wondered if such bloodshed was truly necessary. It is violence and death, no matter how you
look at it.”
“But when I saw the brutality the English had inflicted on my people, when I saw the
consequences of their crimes running unchecked, I couldn’t restrain myself,” she continued.
“I led my men into battle against them and did everything I could to oust them from my land.
I do not regret it, even when I was captured and burned at the stake. Was it my punishment?
Many called it such, accusing me of being a witch. But that didn’t matter in the end. All that
mattered was that in the end, my people were free.”
Jeanne glanced back over at Ren and smiled. “I will not tell you whether or not to kill, Ren
Amamiya,” she said. “Your heart and cause are righteous ones. If you follow them, I’m sure
you are following His will in the end.” Her face fell as she looked back over Orleans.
“Though it would certainly seem our enemies aren’t inclined to follow diplomacy. Perhaps if
your method works, we can resolve this without any more bloodshed – though it is only a
cautious hope.”
“Yeah, same here,” Ren muttered. A distant roar of a wyvern sent shivers up his spine.
Things were far different here than they used to be. But perhaps, hoping against hope, just
this once, they could still be Phantom Thieves after all. His hands tightened into fists.
They had to be.
—------Joker raced through the icy streets of Hell. All he could hear was his breathing and the ice
crunching underneath his boots. Where was Mash? Archer? Saber? He could hear the snarls
of demons all around him, though he couldn’t see anything. The roars of wyverns echoed
overhead. And somewhere in the distance, buildings were being smashed by that cognitive
Satan. He needed to find the others before anything else could happen to them!
“J-Joker! Help!”
He whirled around and his face lost all color. Crucified on two crosses were Makoto and
Haru, their faces twisted in pain from the nails that pinned them to the cross by the arms and
feet. They were wiggling desperately against their crucifixion but couldn’t budge an inch,
blood dripping from their wounds to the ice below. As he started running towards them,
wyverns swarmed in, clawing at him. He slashed with his knife and shot them with his pistol
but they were too thick. He tried summoning his personas, but none of them came.
Before long, the two girls were snatched by wyverns and carried away, their shrieks echoing
in the void. “QUEEN! NOIR!” he roared. He tried gunning down the wyverns, but they were
too far.
“AAAARTTHUUUUURRR!!!!”

Joker turned again and saw the Berserker, its visor gleaming with that malevolent red light.
Near it, Yusuke was pinned to the wall with its greatsword impaled through his torso. Futaba
was hanging in its clutches, its gauntleted arm around her head. “J-Joker,” she whimpered.
“Hel-AAAAAAAH!!!” She screamed as the knight squeezed, and the only sound left was a
disgusting squish. Her lifeless body dropped as the Berserker howled into the empty sky.
His breath was caught within his lungs. He wanted to pull up his gun and fire, but everything
felt too heavy and slow. He could barely move. Joker glanced down. Ice was forming on his
legs as frost settled on his hands and arms, his gloves still splotchy from blood.
He turned. Ryuji and Ann were caught by a horde of demons, screaming as they were
shredded and devoured piece by piece.
He turned. Sumire was in the cognitive Satan’s grasp, her futile struggles and shrieks
reaching no one as she was lifted to its maw and ended her being with a single wrenching
bite.
He turned. Akechi was there in his detective prince outfit, holding a gun up to his head. A
malevolent smirk danced on his features. “Case closed,” he announced with finality. “This is
where your justice ends.” Then a gunshot rang through the air and he felt the bullet tear
through his skull—------Ren’s eyes shot open. He was panting for air, his body in a cold sweat. He raised a hand to
his eyes, feeling the wetness on his palm. Oh. He cried in his sleep. It had been a while since
he had such a vivid nightmare, and especially one that didn’t exactly involve the interrogation
room. Then he noticed someone was nearby: Mash, who had been reaching over to him. She
was kneeling beside him, her face etched with worry.
“S-senpai?” she asked. “Were you having a nightmare? You were tossing and turning.”
He blinked, then plastered on his usual easy grin. “Yeah, I did,” he replied easily. “Sleep
doesn’t exactly come easy to me nowadays.” Not like he could hide it, and besides, Kiyohime
might be nearby. The last thing he needed was for her to detect more lies from him. He knew
he was on thin ice with her as is. “Sorry if I woke you up, Mash. Did you sleep well?”
Mash bit her lip, obviously wanting to ask about it but took the hint. “I slept alright, senpai,
thank you,” she murmured, nodding slightly in acknowledgement. “I actually came to wake
you up – it’s morning.”
He looked. Indeed, the sky was turning light. It was cloudy, but not so grey as to promise
rain. It was a cooler day than yesterday, but not that much. “Huh, so it is,” he noted casually.
He stood up, stretching out his stiff and sore muscles. Sleeping on the ground like this wasn’t
the most comfortable, though it was cushioned by the grass and softer soil underneath. Still,
the hard bed of LeBlanc was more comfortable than this.
Ren smiled. “Well, I woke up at a good time then,” he noted with a small chuckle. “Now,
let’s get some breakfast first, then check in with Da Vinci. If she’s done with her work, then

we’ll get to the next part of the plan – and you’ll get to see how we do things.” He flashed
Mash his usual cocky grin, which Mash met with a nervous smile of her own – one that
vanished into a worried expression once more when he turned to walk towards the campfire.
Morgana had already gotten out ration packs and was getting them cooked for breakfast.
Most of the Servants were there as well.
“Morning Ren, Mash,” he greeted, yawning. He flashed Ren a stink-eye. “Didn’t I tell you
how important sleep was? Today’s the big day!”
The leader of the Phantom Thieves chuckled as he grinned down at the catlike being. “Speak
for yourself,” he shot back. “You look like you’re about ready to pass out. But then, cats are
supposed to be sleeping three-fourths of the day away – aren’t you the one lacking sleep?”
“Bah, don’t compare me to some common cat,” Morgana snapped. “I’m the amazing
Morgana! I don’t need as much sleep as they do!” Ren chuckled again as his friend huffed.
Still, the silent observation between the two was there: Neither had gotten much sleep, and he
had a suspicion it was for the same reason he didn’t rest very well either. Neither of them
addressed it though. They had a heist to complete.
Once breakfast was heated, the three quickly ate the bland meals before contacting Roman
and Da Vinci. As promised, Da Vinci had their items made overnight: Three grappling hooks,
one for Ren and Mash, and a smaller one for Morgana. It would only fit his Metaverse form –
further adjustments would be necessary so he could wear it as a cat as well – but it would do
for now. There was also a special arrow as well, loaded with a particular kind of magecraft,
designed to hold a rather large amount of items without compromising on the aerodynamics
of the arrow.
In this case, a large quantity of the Phantom Thieves’ calling cards. Da Vinci being Da Vinci,
she sent them an unpacked copy so they could admire her handy work. Striking red-andblack theme with jagged textures, the Phantom Thieves logo on the back with the words
emblazoned ‘Take Your Heart’, as well with words resembling cutouts of a newspaper. It was
all embellished with artwork of angels and demons that lined the borders.

‘To the doppelganger Maid of Orleans,

Your wrath has consumed the country of France in eternal flame and destitution, bringing
widespread suffering to countless people, both innocent and guilty.
We will condone your sins no longer and thus, will take your distorted desires without fail.
From, Chaldea.’

Ren and Morgana had to laugh. Da Vinci certainly went whole hog on this one. She was a
Phangirl through and through. The Servants looked over in askance but the two shrugged it
off. Again, it wasn’t the time to explain things. But now, it was time for action. Giving the
arrow to Archer, they used Roman’s readings to pinpoint the location of the doppelganger,
who of course was at the keep. Thankfully, Archer had a clear shot. Drawing back his bow,
he took a second to aim, and fired.
Everyone watched as the arrow zipped through the air and pierced through a window. Once
the arrow was in, it would explode into confetti of the calling cards. In such a location, she
certainly couldn’t ignore it. All of them waited for a sign that she read it. A moment passed,
then two…
Suddenly, the wyverns and monsters within Orleans stirred. They began roaring and shifting
in rage, many of them taking to the skies. It was akin to disturbing a bee’s nest. Morgana
grinned. “Well, as if we needed any more proof the Palace ruler’s disturbed.”
Ren nodded. That was as clear a sign as any. He turned back to the others. “Alright, the
Treasure has manifested,” he announced. “We only have one shot at this, so let’s do this and
make it quick.” Everyone nodded. With that, he pulled up the Metaverse app and their
surroundings distorted once more. It was time for a heist.

Beginning navigation.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/V6UJmmde

Chapter 31: Alter
Chapter Summary

Play the song. You know the one.

Chapter Notes

I meant to get this out on New Year's Eve or Day. Oh well.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

At first glance, it would seem the Palace hadn’t changed whatsoever. The streets were still
frozen, glistening coldly in an unnatural illumination. The sky was still a dark void without a
sign of any light. Crucifixes lined the streets, their victims still hanging from where they were
nailed on the crosses. It was still the very image of Hell itself.
However, as soon as they entered, everyone noticed the atmosphere had changed. The very
air pulsed around them like a heartbeat, each time seemingly illuminating the Palace in a
harsher red light. Wyverns shrieked as they took to the skies, demons scrambling about
everywhere. In the distance, they all could hear the cognitive Satan roaring. It all set the
Servants on edge as they immediately summoned their weapons in preparation.
Joker and Mona, once more in their Phantom Thief regalia, felt a shiver down their backs. It
was out of nervousness and fear of failure of course, but more than anything: Anticipation.
The heartbeat pulsing through the air, the red glow, the very tension the Palace radiated… It
all felt so familiar to them. Even though this was their make-or-break moment as well as the
dangers the Palace presented, they couldn’t help but feel that this was their own home
territory.
Their change in attitudes didn’t go unnoticed by the others – and neither did the grins that
spread across their faces. “That’s a better look on you two than just moping about,” Elizabeth
commented with a giggle. “Only fitting though! But you two aren’t allowed to outshine me,
got it?”
The leader of the Phantom Thieves chuckled. “I make no promises, Elizabeth,” he replied
with his usual cocky grin, causing the Lancer to pout and turn away with a small blush on her
face. He turned back to the others. “Alright everyone – it’s showtime!” he declared, tugging
his glove tighter around his hand. His enthusiasm dampened a bit when he noticed that the
blood still stained his gloves, but he dismissed the thought. It wasn’t important for now.

Not noticing Joker’s faint unease, they nodded. Turning, everyone began running down the
icy streets. Wyverns and demons shrieked, diving towards them with claws bared. The
Servants didn’t even slow down as they shot or cut down the monsters as they approached.
Joker and Mona had taken out pistol and slingshot respectively, shooting them down as they
approached with unerring aim. Every once in a while, one of the creatures tried diving in
directly from above, only for Mash to deflect the creature and open it up to be taken out.
As Joker raced through the icy streets and alleys, his vision kept flashing – in front of him
were castle halls, then museum paintings. He felt his feet hitting the solid tile of a bank floor
before feeling the sand against his face. He heard the rings and bells of casino machines and
the excited gossip of crowds milling about on the cruise ship. The air was clean and sterile
through his nose and mouth like that of a well-maintained laboratory. Yet no matter what, the
heartbeat in the air and the flash of red didn’t change. He could almost hear the footsteps of
the other Thieves running alongside himHe blinked and shook his head. Suddenly, he was running through the frozen ruins of Orleans
again, passing by crucifixes. Gulping, he forged onward. Indeed, everything seemed far too
familiar. They needed to finish this quickly. Luckily, no one seemed to have noticed his lapse
in attention. Good. Again, he would rather not deal with any concerns right now. Not when
they were so close to finishing this.
They came once more to the breach in the wall. Saber went through first once more as a
vanguard – and her eyes widened as tentacled monstrosities poured out of the front gate
towards them. “Enemies incoming!” she shouted through the breach to the others, raising her
blade.
As she charged into the fray to cut them down, the group quickly rearranged the order they
would get through. Siegfried and Georgios were next to cross over so they could reinforce
Saber. Archer and Jeanne stayed behind as a rearguard once more – and more than once, the
former had to shoot down incoming wyverns as Jeanne kept the demons at bay.
Joker and Mona gaped for a moment at the number of tentacled monstrosities coming
through the door, then immediately went into action. The former summoned Metatron who
proceeded to cast beams of light at the creatures as Mona summoned Diego, whose winds
sliced them to bits.
Elizabeth came through and her face immediately twisted in disgust. “Gross, gross, gross,
GROSS!” she shrieked as she lashed out with her spear. The blade sank into the soft flesh of
the tentacled monsters, causing murky, dark green blood to splatter out. The Lancer
frantically hopped backward to avoid getting even one drop on her. “What ARE these
things?!” she screamed out, swinging her spear to keep the other creatures away from her.
“I doubt they will respond to your shrill inquiries, you false dragon,” Kiyohime deadpanned.
With a wave of her fan, a stream of fire blasted forth and incinerated more of the
monstrosities, filling the air with a rancid smell. “That said, I will fully admit that these
creatures are thoroughly unpleasant,” she noted, wrinkling her nose at the stench.
One of the creatures dropped from above, tentacles outstretched towards the Berserker. Her
eyes widened but before she could react, a red spear flashed out and impaled it against the

wall. She glanced over in time to see the Cu Chulainn persona fade away with Joker flashing
her a cocky smile. She briefly narrowed her eyes before giving him a short nod of
acknowledgement and continuing to incinerate the creatures.
“It doesn’t seem like they’re stopping anytime soon,” Archer casually noted. He had been the
last through the breach, picking off the creatures with his bow while simultaneously making
sure nothing was following through. “We’ll need to press onward and find the source of these
creatures or we’ll be fighting forever at this point.”
“It’s fine, we just need to grab the Treasure!” Mona shouted, dodging some tentacles that shot
towards him before slicing them with his cutlass. “After that, we can get out of here and not
deal with these… things anymore! Saber, Siegfried! Can you cut a way through for us?”
The two swordsmen spared only a glance back at Mona before facing their enemies again.
This time, instead of holding their position, they charged forward. The blade shrouded in
wind and the dragonslaying sword moved with masterful fluidity, slicing through the
abominations as they carved a bloody path. Georgios and Jeanne immediately moved right
behind them, covering their flanks and keeping the way open for them. With that, everyone
began advancing, with Archer, Elizabeth, and Kiyohime providing a rear guard.
Joker and Mona continued to support how they could, the power of their personas and their
aim providing key openings and covering any gaps in the Servants’ defenses. The tentacled
creatures came in thick and fast with no reprieve, seemingly pouring in through any doorway
or hall they could. It was impossible to pinpoint their location. Times like this, Joker wished
he had Oracle with him – she would immediately be able to find the source of them.
Still, wishful thinking wasn’t going to do anything. As much as he hated to admit it, he was
glad that it was the Servants that were with them as opposed to the other Phantom Thieves –
he deflected one or two tendrils with his knife and was nearly knocked into a wall each time.
The Thieves would’ve quickly been overwhelmed with enemies of this caliber, especially
when they were aggressively swarming them in such raw numbers.
Up more stairs, corridors, and halls. The rate of the creatures coming through didn’t slacken,
though the narrow passageways thankfully limited their numbers. Still, the constant battling
was starting to take its toll – Joker and Mona could feel their stamina starting to flag, and the
Servants were getting tired too. The Phantom Thieves knew that they would need to reserve
their strength for the battles ahead. No doubt the doppelganger’s shadow would be there to
meet them.
As they burst into the throne room, they were met with… silence. The crucifixes of the three
men were still there. The ice glistened on the walls and floor as they always did. There were
no tentacled monstrosities, no cognitive Servants, no shadows, nothing.
The only difference was a flag that leaned up against the throne. A replica of Jeanne d’Arc’s
own banner, only darkened somewhat.
Mona’s eyes widened as he laid his eyes on the flag. “That’s it,” he gasped. “That’s the
Treasure!”

Joker dashed forward and grabbed the flag. He could feel the thrum of power through it. This
was, without a doubt, the Treasure. However, it felt far more powerful than all the other
Treasures. What kind of Treasure did she have?
His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of more wet slithering. Spinning around, he could
see more of the creatures sliding in. They couldn’t even see the outside properly anymore –
just a writhing mass of tentacles ready to swarm them. The Servants stared down the horde as
the monstrosities watched for an opening. They could fight through to get back down but it
would be tremendously difficult.
Archer, however, had a different idea. Summoning his bow once more, he formed a drill-like
sword which extended into an arrow. He then aimed it… towards the throne. Joker and
Mona’s blinked before quickly diving out of the way. Archer waited a split second until they
were out of range, then loosed the arrow.
The arrow penetrated the wall and exploded, sending out a shockwave that almost knocked
Joker and Mona to the floor while buffeting the Servants. The tentacled monstrosities
immediately shrank with instinctive fear from the explosion. When the ice and dust settled,
all that remained was a hole that led outside – far above the ground. But that didn’t matter.
They had a way out.
Joker grinned. “Great work, Archer!” he called out before dashing for the hole. Mona
followed. The Servants did as well, keeping a rear guard as the tentacled beings surged
forward to cover the ground they had given up. He looked down from the hole. They were
rather high up, far too high to descend just from dropping. His vision darkened as his eyes
turned red. Certain ledges and outcrops glowed blue in his vision as he mapped out the path.
If he made a mistake, he would be splattered on the ground.
He grinned. Piece of cake.
Glancing back at the others, he asked, “Are you guys able to get down from here?”
The Servants glanced at one another. “I think we shall manage, Ren Amamiya,” Georgios
replied with a reassuring smile. The other Servants all smiled as well – some haughtily
(particularly Elizabeth), most the same as Georgios. Only Kiyohime didn’t, looking away
from Joker. However, she didn’t voice any difficulties with her own descent. That was
probably as good as he was going to get.
“Um…”
Joker blinked and looked over to see Mash nervously peering over the edge. “Th-this is very
h-high up, s-senpai,” she stammered, nervously adjusting her grappling hook. Oh right – she
didn’t have the instinctive knowledge of the grappling hook that came from being a Phantom
Thief in the Metaverse. He had completely forgotten that detail. She would definitely need
some actual training to use it properly.
“She’ll probably need help getting down, Joker,” Mona quickly supplied, albeit with a very
wide grin on his face. Joker knew his old friend well enough to know his ulterior motive and

only barely restrained himself from rolling his eyes. “Don’t worry about me – I’ve been at
this and watching you long enough to know how it works. We’ll follow your lead!”
The Master of Chaldea nodded. He turned back to the Shielder. “Hope you don’t mind…?”
he asked, holding out his hand to her.
Mash blushed but nodded. “O-of course,” she replied softly. “I-I’ll be in y-your care, senpai.”
She stepped closer to him. Joker smiled reassuringly, causing her heart to beat even faster in
her ears.
“Stop flirting with her, puppy, and go already!” Elizabeth screeched. That shocked Joker and
Mash out of their reveries. The monstrosities were coiled up, ready to spring. They were
running out of time, and in such cramped quarters, they would be easily overwhelmed.
Joker flashed Mash a grin before wrapping an arm around her waist, causing her face to take
on a hue of a tomato. Before anyone could say anything else, Joker jumped into a freefall
from the hole. Mash immediately wrapped her arms tightly around him, squeezing her eyes
shut. The ground was coming up worryingly closer and closer as the wind whistled in his
ears, but it was fine. He had done this before.
Reaching out, his grappling hook shot forward and attached itself effortlessly to an edge of a
tower mounted on the wall. The cord tautened as it took on the weight of the two, stretching
to lessen the impact on Joker’s arm as he swung easily, utilizing the momentum to carry the
two over the wall. Detaching the hook, he shot it again at the roof of a nearby building. It
reeled in and shortened as he swung, eventually allowing them to reach an apex of a height
about maybe twenty feet from the ground. Once more detaching, they landed softly on the
rooftop.
Mash opened her eyes at the feel of solid ground and looked up instinctively at the
confidently grinning face of Joker. Blushing once more, she turned away to look at the castle
they had just come from. The Servants were rapidly descending, dropping from the hole and
kicking off the castle walls to reach the outer ramparts before leaping down to the buildings
below. Mona could be seen as a swinging black blur, moving about with as much ease as
Joker did.
He was fairly certain they saw where he landed, but there wouldn’t be any harm in making
sure. And he had just the thing to get their attention. Letting go of Mash, he held the flag up
aloft and began waving it, the fabric catching even in the still air. The Servants’ eyes locked
on to the flag and Mona’s swings adjusted to head closer toward them. Well, that did it.
Jumping down with the Shielder, it wasn’t long before they met up with the others. “Stylish
as always, Joker,” Mona chirped, grinning up at him. “And using the Treasure like that?
You’re such a showoff like always.”
“Same to you, Mona, as expected,” he replied. Mona chuckled in response. Joker glanced up
at the others. “Are we being followed? What’s the situation?” he asked the others.
“The monstrosities have no capability of following us in such a manner,” Siegfried reported,
looking back at the castle. Indeed, they could see the writhing creatures waving their

tentacles in evident frustration from the hole but otherwise made no moves to follow them. “I
do not know whether they’ll follow us out of the castle or not, but I suggest we make haste
and escape. We have our objective, do we not?”
Joker glanced up at the flag. True, they had the Treasure now. The shadow wasn’t defeated
though. If they escaped, it would be the first time they had completed a heist without doing
so. Still, with how dangerous the Palace was – with the demons, wyverns, cognitive Satan,
and the tentacle monstrosities – it was probably for the best. Theoretically, it should be
enough. Hopefully. He nodded at the rest. “Alright, then let’s get going, everyone,” he
ordered. No reason to stick around. With that, everyone in the group began running back to
the entrance of the Palace.
Things were going smoothly so far…
---------Jeanne d’Arc Alter was in a foul mood.
She was sitting on the throne, tapping her fingers impatiently against the armrest. Scattered
all around were ashes of those thrice accursed cards that had filled the throne room only
moments prior. The doppelganger saint was pissed, and, frankly, this waiting wasn’t helping
it any. She had already dispatched her Servants and other creatures, but so far there was
nothing.
It had been a simple day overall – she had been conferring with Gilles and D’Eon when the
arrow had burst into the window and exploded. Those cards were nothing less than an
absolute affront to her – her sins? Her wrath?! Who the hell were they to judge?! God
Himself certainly didn’t bother judging those damn fools who burned her at the stake, so
what right did they?!? And those angels and demons – they really were mocking her, weren’t
they?!
Still in a foul temper, she stomped over to the window, glaring at the hole the arrow had made
earlier. Looking out, she could see her wyverns flying over the perimeter and searching for
any traces of those damned fools from earlier. So far, they had found nothing. The only thing
they had found was some contingent of French soldiers marching through the countryside
nearby. Idiots thought they were safe since she had pulled back all her wyverns. She had
them all incinerated.
“My dear Jeanne.”
The Alter whirled about, her hateful gaze resting on her majordomo. Gilles de Rais had been
with her from her days as a saint and had been steadfastly with her as the Dragon Witch. Of
the Servants she had, he was one of the only ones she placed any sort of trust in. That being
said, even he wouldn’t be spared her anger if he didn’t have any good news. “Well?” she
growled.
The Caster bowed low to the ground. “A thousand apologies, my dear Jeanne, a thousand
apologies,” he whimpered. “We have found no traces whatsoever of the enemy. The wyverns

and the Servants have been scouring the land for them, but they seem to have vanished
without a trace.”
That wasn’t what she wanted to hear. At all. “What do you mean ‘vanished without a
trace?!’” she screeched. “Do they have some sort of Assassin with them? Or a Caster?!
There’s no way in hell they could’ve just – just vanished!”
Gilles was almost prostrated on the ground. “I’m so sorry, my dear Jeanne,” he whimpered. “I
have had everything and everyone redouble our efforts but we have not found anything of
them. But…. If I may offer my opinion?”
“What?” she snapped.
“If they have done nothing but fled with their tails between their legs,” he offered. “And after
taunting us so brazenly, then perhaps they aren’t anything worth worrying about? It would be
better to spread our forces out and resume our destruction as opposed to holing up here and
have our forces become further restless.”
The Alter scowled. “You think I’m going to let those fuckers free after that?!” she hissed.
“I’m going to burn them alive after pulling off shit like that! No one – NO ONE is going to
–“ She paused. Wait. They had her naïve self with them and those idiots were do-gooders.
Oh. Oh, she had an idea. If they weren’t going to show themselves, then perhaps she could
flush them out like chickens out of the coop. All she needed was to send a fox in.
Or rather, foxes. Hundreds upon hundreds of them.
“Send the wyverns everywhere,” she commanded. “Have them burn EVERYTHING to the
ground! Any corpses, raise them and send them towards any known surviving towns and
villages! And also, summon more of your creatures and have them swarm the villages too!
Send every last one of them!”
Gilles’s mouth dropped open. “Wh-what?” he gasped. “But, my dear Jeanne, that would
leave you defenseless! We cannot have that, even if these accursed people must suffer! And
they will suffer, but not at your expense, my dear Jeanne!”
The doppelganger scoffed. “Of course not,” she snapped. “I’ll be keeping the Servants here
for now. Meanwhile, those idiots will be too busy trying to ‘help everyone’ and ‘saving
towns’ to do crap about it. We’ll flush them out and exhaust them that way. Like hell we’re
just gonna sit on our asses at this point! They wanna fight, then we’ll take it right to them!”
The Caster’s eyes widened, then he clapped his hands together. “Oh, brilliant! That is
brilliant, my dear Jeanne!” he exclaimed. “They will not sit quietly as we burn everything to
the ground! Yes, we shall flush them out like devils exposed to the light! Oh, a most brilliant
maneuver! I bow to your wisdom and strategy!”
Her mouth curled into a smirk. “Glad to see you approve of my plans,” she replied drily.
“Now, get to it. You have your orders, don’t you?”

Gilles nodded enthusiastically and shuffled away, already opening his spellbook in
preparation to summon his new tentacled monstrosities. Those nightmarish creatures had
been patrolling the castle day in, day out. While they were certainly powerful guards, even
she had her limits in terms of the help she wanted for her campaign. Frankly, the sooner
those… things were out of the castle, the better she’d feel. Besides, they stank up the place
something fierce. She lived here, damnit!
Still, with those horrific monstrosities, her wyverns, and her ghouls moving about, they
wouldn’t stay quiet. That naïve saint would never stand for it. True, she lost a figuratively
and literally huge asset with Fafnir, but that couldn’t be helped. Frankly, he had been unruly
ever since he smelled that damned dragonslayer. She would’ve set him up with some backup
if he hadn’t flown away impatiently.
Bah, she was always surrounded by idiots.
But that didn’t matter. She went back to the window and smiled, already imagining the
peaceful countryside burning under the flames of a thousand wyverns as monsters and ghouls
shambled about, chasing and devouring the unlucky few remaining. The country she had
saved and yet didn’t bother lifting a finger to save her in the end.
The last bit of resistance was almost gone. Then she would begin her long campaign. And she
would let nothing stand in her way.
---------The group traversed through the streets, making a dash for the entrance. The demons and
wyverns were coming thick and fast and in worrying numbers. It wouldn’t be long before
they were wading through enemies much like they had to go through the castle earlier. They
needed to be quick about it. Thankfully, Saber, Siegfried, and Georgios were making great
headway and punching a hole through the creatures as everyone else kept the flanks and rear
clear.
Joker fired more shots into the group before summoning Cu Chulainn to spear through a few
demons leaping towards them. He didn’t recall a Palace that had so fiercely resisted any
infiltrations or exfiltrations. Even when they had sent their calling cards, often it was just a
straight shot to the Treasure, with the shadows keeping more or less to their usual routes.
Whatever resistance there was came from the Palace ruler themselves. The fact that they were
absent was disturbing in of itself“Senpai!”
Before he could turn to see what’s going on, a wyvern had swooped in among the swarm and
grabbed him – no, grabbed the flag. “Joker!” Mona screamed as he was lifted into the air.
Joker grit his teeth as the wyvern’s claws dug into his shoulder, trying to not look down as the
ground got smaller and smaller. Struggling, he aimed his pistol up and fired. The wyvern
roared as the bullets punctured its belly. It let go of the shoulder but kept a tight hold of the
flag, leaving Joker dangling as it flew.

Before Joker could do much else, the wyvern rapidly descended, adjusting its grip. Low
enough that he was smashed into the roofs of buildings, scraping along the wood and ice and
the ruins as the wyvern did its utmost to get him off. He tried standing up or offering his
persona, but it took so much willpower just to hold on that he couldn’t do much else. He tried
crawling up so he could run – then a chimney came and slammed into him, knocking the
wind out of him and forcing him to let go.
The pain was muted by the Cu Chulainn persona, but it still hurt. The wyvern flew a bit
further before crashing down into the streets below. Wincing as he held his gut, he jumped
down, moving carefully to catch his breath. He summoned Pixie to quickly fix him up before
moving on, gun at the ready. On the street was the collapsed form of the wyvern, which gave
one last shudder before it went still. That wasn’t what had Joker’s attention right now.
Rather, it was the doppelganger’s shadow, who had gotten off her evident mount and took the
flag from the dead wyvern’s grasp. “You really think you could escape from Hell with this?”
she hissed, her voice reverberating through the air. “In fact, you really think you could escape
at all?! No, that’s not how it fucking works, you thief. If anything, I’d say this place is perfect
for you – you’re a sinner. You deserve to rot here.”
Joker gulped as the shadow fully turned to face him. Her glowing yellow eyes drilled into
him, her scowl unmistakable. He thought he would be used to shadows after dealing with so
many like Shido or Sae, but this was different. He could practically feel the sheer bloodlust
and rage emanating from her. “Well, I’ve escaped from tighter spots before,” he replied as
casually as he could with a grin. “This won’t be any different.”
The shadow narrowed her eyes as she drew her blade. “I don’t think so,” she snarled. “Not
this time. You and your group will rot here. I’ll see to it. And I’ll make sure this whole
miserable country rots with you!”
The Master of Chaldea clicked his tongue. He needed to buy time for the others to track him,
but would they even know where they are at this point? Reaching into his coat, he grabbed
two bombs – and rolled out of the way as the shadow lunged forward, slicing the air where he
had been a split second ago. Throwing one bomb at the ground, it erupted into a thick black
smoke as Joker leaped back and out. The shadow screamed in rage as she began slashing
about, trying to find where he went.
The second one, Joker tossed straight up into the air, where it exploded in a bright flash. That
should be enough for Mona or the Servants to track his location. In the meantime, he needed
to end things once and for all. He reached up once more to his face, his mask burning off
once more.
“Cu Chulainn!”
The warrior persona came forth again, wielding the blood-red spear. It whirled the polearm
expertly and settled into a crouch, its stoic expression once more breaking into a feral grin as
the spear began exploding with prana. He needed to end this here and now. The Berserker
had survived this as a cognition - there was little reason a Palace ruler wouldn’t survive it
either. It would incapacitate her enough for him to retrieve her Treasure. The shadow burst
through the smoke, but by that point it was too late…

“Gae Bolg!”
The crimson spear once more shot forward, ready to seek her heart. There should be no
escape from this. For a second, time slowed. The spear was a red line as it streaked through
the air. The shadow’s eyes widened, transfixed. Even if she could move or block, it would do
nothing. The cursed spear had dictated that it would be her heart it would take, and therefore
it would. There was nothing she could do as a figure rushed forward and pushed her to the
sideGilles de Rais coughed up blood as the Gae Bolg pierced through his robes and straight into
his heart. He had shoved the shadow away just in time for the spear to target him as opposed
to her and paid the price for it. The persona withdrew its spear and vanished, leaving a hole
that gushed out blood onto the ice below. The Caster collapsed to the ground, his hands over
his wound in a vain effort to staunch the bleeding.
The shadow immediately ran and knelt to Gilles’s side, cradling him. “You goddamn
MORON!” she screamed in rage. “Why did you do that?! You could’ve ambushed the Master
or-or summoned more of your creatures to drag him away! Just… just anything else! Why
did you do that?!?”
The Caster chuckled, a horrible gurgling sound as more blood bubbled out of his mouth. “Mmy apologies,” he whispered. “But I c-could not fail to s-save you once again.” His breathing
was labored, each breath refreshing the flow of vital fluids from his wound. “I moved as I ccould t-to save you, m-my dear J-Jeanne. And… and I’m p-proud to say, th-this time, I
succeeded…”
He reached up to gently touch Jeanne’s face, his blood staining her skin. “Ah, my dear JJeanne,” he gasped. “I go to H-Him now for judgement. I shall burn, b-but it matters not. Yyou will see y-your campaign through and s-stand taller than all else. F-farewell, my dearest
J-Jeanne. It… it truly was… an honor…” With that, his hand fell, and his body dissolved into
black dust, leaving the shadow cradling empty air.
Joker had done nothing the entire time, unable to speak or breathe. The Gae Bolg had just
taken the life of a person. It was a cognition, sure, but the effect would’ve been the same if he
had used it on the shadow. It would’ve likely pierced her heart as well and killed her, which
meant the real Servant would’ve undergone a mental shutdown. Had Gilles de Rais not
interfered, then he would’ve-!
His thoughts were interrupted by a roar. Behind the shadow, buildings were smashed aside as
the cognitive Satan slithered forth, its maws once more bloody and hungering. He
immediately braced himself until he noticed that the shadow was unmoving. “Get out of
there!” he shouted to the shadow desperately. “I’ll distract it – run!” And yet she didn’t. She
was still kneeling there, motionless.
“You know, don’t you, false saint?”
The Phantom Thief froze at the voice, looking about for its source. But there could only be
one source: The monster who was glaring down at the unmoving ruler of the Palace. It didn’t
reach for her, nor did it rampage around. Its attention was focused solely on the shadow. “A

sinner who condemns sinners is still a sinner,” it boomed. “To pretend otherwise is nothing
more than folly. How many men have spilled blood for you? Died for you? How many have
you massacred and killed, calling it justice when it was naught more than vengeance and
pettiness?”
Hearing a sound behind him, he risked a glance back. The other Servants and Mona had
arrived, with their eyes immediately widening at the cognitive Satan and the fact that it was
speaking. They immediately took positions around Joker, ready to fight and retreat if
necessary. None of them risked talking. It didn’t matter, however - The doppelganger was the
sole focus of its attention.
“You shackled the minds of your underlings so they would follow your will,” it admonished.
“You used dragons to burn and ravage those you had sworn at one point to save. You burned
and condemned the priest who had you tried and executed. You are beyond all salvation.
There shall be no repentance nor absolution. There shall only be torment, the same you
would invite on your ‘people’, the same you for those who followed you to Hell. Jeanne
d’Arc, as judge and executioner, I denounce you as guilty, and your suffering shall be
infinite.”
“No!” Jeanne d’Arc screamed. “She deserves another chance! You are not the real Devil,
merely a conjured monstrosity! Begone and trouble us no more!” Before anyone could stop
her, she made to rush forward to fight off the cognitive Satan, raising her flag.
“Shut up.”
That one phrase from the shadow stopped everyone in their tracks. Slowly, she stood back up.
“Condemn me?” she asked, her voice barely above a murmur. “Judge me? Save me? Are you
mocking me? No. You have no right – none of you have that goddamn right. I bled, I fought,
I saved all I could, only to be put up on a stake and burned for it! Did those I helped try to
help me? Were the ones who condemned me also judged and punished? No. I had to fucking
do all of that myself! I don’t need your pity, you naïve idiot. I don’t need salvation.”
She turned to glare at the cognitive Satan as her prana began building, filling the air with her
malevolent power. “And I definitely don’t need this bastard judging me for my ‘crimes’!” she
snarled. “You don’t have that right – no one does! It’s time you learned your fucking place!”
With that, she burst into flame as she pointed her blade at the cognitive Satan who roared at
her in turn, raising a claw to smash her to pieces.
“La Grondement Du Haine!” she roared.
The flames exploded from the shadow, blinding everyone in the vicinity as they spread across
the ground. Through slitted eyes, Joker could see giant black spears erupting from the
ground, piercing through the cognitive Satan, one after another as hellfire leaped up to
incinerate it. The demon’s roars of pain filled the Palace before it was drowned out by the
roar of the inferno.
After a moment, the light abated. They opened their eyes to look. The Palace had changed –
before it was completely frozen, now flames raged throughout the ruins, consuming the flesh
from the crucified victims. The air was incredibly hot and choking, as if they would burst into

flame simply from being here. Embers leaped high up into the air, the sky now a cloud of ash
and fire. And before them all was the lifeless corpse of the cognitive Satan, skewered on
countless black spears.
The shadow turned around. Her pale hair had grown significantly to where it flowed down to
her calves. Some of her armor had vanished, revealing considerably more skin and clothing,
particularly around her shoulders, back, and thighs. She was still consumed by flame, though
they took on a more purple tinge than the inferno around her, nor did she seem affected by
them. Her glowing yellow eyes were resolute and powerful. This was hardly the same
shadow as it was before.
More roars got their attention. All around them, demons and wyverns began perching and
collecting, rapidly surrounding them. They were in just small packs or disparate numbers
anymore. They had gathered into a horde united under one leader. No longer were they
afraid. They were here to hunt down sinners and torment them until the end of days.
“Hear me, you wretches,” the shadow boomed out. “I was known as Jeanne d’Arc. I have
bled and served for the salvation of France, and yet the only gratitude I was offered was a
false trial and being burned at the stake. Now I have come back – not at God or the Devil’s
behest, but my own. I am the Dragon Witch of Orleans. Just as this country was saved by me,
so shall it burn under my will.”
She raised her blade – La Pucelle – at the group. “Do you wish to save the country once
more, my naïve self?” she asked. “You have been wronged as well. Your grievances are my
grievances. Fight with me, Jeanne d’Arc, and we shall seize what should be properly ours,
and find retribution.”
The saint narrowed her eyes. “… No,” she declared. “You’re wrong. I have accepted my
sacrifice and my trials. I fought to save France and her people, not to torment and kill them!
Whoever you are, you are not me! As a sinner and heretic, it is my sworn duty to cast you
down! Ready yourself!”
The Dragon Witch narrowed her eyes. "So be it,” she growled. “You will all burn.”
Then the wyverns, the demons, and the Witch, all charged as one.

Chapter End Notes

As usual, Discord link here:
https://discord.gg/V6UJmmde

Chapter 32: Showtime
Chapter Summary

So long as there aren't any more complications, things will be wrapped up here.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Joker and Mona had battled many Palace rulers before. Most of the time they took the form
of disgusting monstrosities and had some sort of weapon or trump card they utilized –
Kamoshida’s trophy, Kaneshiro’s mechanical pig, Sae’s roulette board. Okumura didn’t
transform but sent legions of his robotic employees after them. All to tip the balance in their
favor. And why wouldn’t they? It was their Palace.
The stronger ones kept their human form, if enhanced in some way – Shido looking like a
wrestler if he took a pound of steroids every breakfast and Maruki with his golden outfit
(though it was honestly closer to a Phantom Thief regalia than anything). They were strong
but ultimately surmountable. Work with their friends, dismantle them, beat them.
Straightforward.
However, nothing had prepared either of them for this.
The fight quickly devolved into a morass of chaos as scores of demons lunged from at all
sides while wyverns swopped in, roaring. Archer and Kiyohime immediately began firing off
arrows and fireballs respectively to ward off attacks from above as the rest began cutting
down the demons swarming in. For every enemy Joker and Mona took out, three more
seemed to spring up in their place. Even the fight with Okumura’s horde of employees wasn’t
nearly as hectic as this.
Suddenly, Mash raced forward and raised her shield above them – in time to intercept a slew
of spears made of darkness that burst into flame. They crashed against the metal, causing her
to buckle slightly before they faded away. Looking over, Joker saw the Witch charge forward,
her flag lowered with the point seeking to impale Mash’s gut.
“Cu Chulainn!”
The persona burst forth, whirling its red spear. The polearm crashed against the flag in a
shower of sparks before rapidly jabbing away at the shadow, forcing her back. It faded away
as Ren lifted his pistol firing a volley of shots that the Witch quickly deflected, her blade
moving with inhuman speeds. It gave Mash the opening needed to reset her stance – just in
time to shove off another demon and become preoccupied with yet another pack that leaped
in. “S-senpai!” she cried.

“Don’t worry, Mash, I got this!” Joker called back, not taking her eyes off the Palace ruler. At
least, that was what he said. She hadn’t transformed except for her hair lengthening and the
wardrobe change, but the pressure that came from her was immense. Far more than he had
felt before from her or from her self in reality.
Despite his nervousness, he mustered up a grin. “Cute wardrobe,” he called out as he
transformed his weapon into its knife form. “You got a tailor? Maybe yours and mine can
trade tips!” He held up his bloodstained glove. “They might even have similar fashion
sense!”
“Still playing the wise guy, huh?” the Witch noted scornfully. Kicking off the sooty ground,
she charged once more at Joker, who barely raised his knife in time to intercept the blow. The
sheer strength of the swing threw him back, almost into the back of Siegfried who was
cutting down another pack of demons. This was far different from the time when he fought
her within Archer’s Pala – reality marble. If he didn’t take this seriously, he was dead.
“Satan!”
The blue monstrosity burst out once more in the air behind him. The Witch’s eyes widened,
pupils shrinking. The persona pointed at her and engulfed her in ice, freezing her into a pillar.
Not two seconds later, however, the ice began cracking as flames erupted before shattering in
a loud crash, the shards immediately evaporating under her wrath. “You dare?!” she snarled.
“You try to pull that shit on me again?! I told you, none of you have the right to judge me! So
get out of my goddamn way or BURN!”
Her roar was the only warning before the flames around them intensified, leaping into the air.
Joker only sensed danger and dove aside moments before another batch of black spears burst
from the ground where he had been standing. He switched from Satan back to Cu Chulainn.
Okay, provoking her with Satan was definitely a bad idea. Whatever feeling the cognition
caused, she was now throwing off with nothing but sheer rage. In a way, admirable – but that
only made things more complicated.
Unfortunately, he didn’t have much in terms of backup. Literally everyone else was busy
fending off the horde all around them. While Siegfried and Georgios were known
dragonslayers, they couldn’t exactly reach up with their blades easily to cut down the
wyverns. Mona was busy supporting everyone else, distributing power ups or heals as
necessary while still fending off the demons and wyverns in his own right.
As much as Joker wanted to take on the Witch alone and leave it to everyone else, he
couldn’t. She was simply too strong and powerful for him to do so. Going against her was a
suicide wish. “We need to clear everything else,” he called out behind him before lunging at
the Witch again. She swiftly deflected and stuck back, the two dancing with their flurry of
slashes causing a shower of sparks everywhere. “Anyone got any ideas?”
Elizabeth grinned. “Glad you asked, puppy!” she yelled back. She whirled her spear above
her and slammed the point into the ground. A glowing pink portal appeared underneath her as
a miniature (only in the sense that it wasn’t full size) castle rose up out of the portal, much to
the surprise of the demons, wyvern, and the Witch. Mounted on the castle were gigantic
speakers as the Lancer rode the rising castle, grinning from ear to ear.

“Báthory Erzsébet!” she called out cheerfully.
The amount of power pouring out of the Noble Phantasm never failed to catch him off guard,
but it was certainly a reassuring feeling to have it on his side. He heard a shift of movement
behind him and spun around – just in time to summon Cu Chulainn and have him bat away
the spears shooting for Elizabeth. “Already bored of me?” he asked, shooting a mocking grin
at the Witch. “I’m honestly hurt by that!”
“Do you ever shut up?!” she screamed in response, lunging at him with her flag.
Kiyohime stared critically at the castle before turning back to the horde on the other side of
the group. “Hmph, how inelegant,” she muttered, opening her fan and holding it in front of
her, ignoring the catlike Master who was still staring up at it whimpering. She concentrated
her own prana, the temperature increasing around her rapidly, even compared to the stifling
heat around them. “Watch over me,” she intoned. “As of now, I’ll eliminate the liar.” Then
she waved her fan.
“Tenshin Kashō Zanmai!”
A serpentine dragon made of blue flame twisted into being out of the ground around
Kiyohime as it rose into the air, glaring at the demons. The Berserker pointed with her fan
and the dragon rushed forward, the ground around and under it bursting into blue flames –
and taking its victims with it. It easily swam through the air, incinerating both demons and
wyverns on the ground and in the air alike. Joker could see it all from the corner of his eye.
Suddenly, he was extremely glad for how relatively calm Kiyohime had been dealing with
him, all things considered.
Meanwhile, Elizabeth took a deep breath and let out her note once more. “LAAAAAAA~!”
she sang. Those around her, friend and foe, winced in pain as it felt like needles were boring
into their ears. Ren thought that because it was sound, maybe Cu Chulainn would do
something to block it. If the persona was blocking the pain that came from the sound, then he
hated to think how everyone else was taking it. It still hurt – a lot. And looking at the Dragon
Witch’s expression, she was feeling the effects as well.
That paled in comparison to the hapless demons and wyverns who were in front of the castle,
however. The speakers amplified her voice to absurd degrees, blasting them to oblivion. They
either disintegrated on the spot or were flung back, THEN disintegrated upon landing. None
of them could withstand the power that was Elizabeth’s voice. This included Morgana, who
was rolling on the ground and trying to press his ears against his head to block out as much
sound as possible.
By the end, the area around them was bathed with blue flame from Kiyohime’s noble
phantasm, while Elizabeth’s had carved a circular channel through the streets and buildings.
The Lancer’s castle sank back into the ground as the dragon dissipated. There were still a
couple packs of wyverns and demons who were more than ready to attack, but it was still far
better than the horde they were facing just moments ago.

However, that didn’t improve the Dragon Witch’s temper. “So, in the end, I still have to take
care of everything by my goddamn self,” she snarled, her grip tightening around her flag and
sword as flames began emanating from her once more. “Well, let’s go then – the fires of hell
will burn all of you to cinders. Everything will!”
Jeanne gulped and stepped forward. The other Servants moved to deal with the last
stragglers. In the end, it was Jeanne, Joker, Mona, and Mash. “Please, won’t you reconsider?”
the saint pleaded. “We may have grave injustices done to us, but to drag innocents into this is
nothing short of madness and evil. Please, I beg you – stand down so that we may resolve this
in a peaceful manner.”
The Witch was silent for a moment. The four held their breath. Then she let out a breath. And
slowly she began to laugh, louder and louder, until it was a mad howl that drowned out the
flames of both Hell and Kiyohime. “Are you seriously asking for that even now?!” she
screamed. “After everything you have been through?! After all you’ve seen me do!? You
must be the most idiotic creature to walk the face of this godforsaken planet! Oh, this is
beyond rich!”
She continued howling with laughter, eventually dwindling down to silence. When she faced
them again, her face was nothing more than a mask of sheer contempt and rage. “You know
and understand nothing,” she snarled. “You think what happened to us was an isolated thing?
No. It’s gonna happen again and again. Once a person has run their course, be they saint or
sinner, they’ll be tossed aside like so much chaff. No one will save them. Not a king, not a
judge, and certainly not God. I’ll burn everything to the ground and have everything start
from the soot.”
Her mouth turned into an utterly twisted smile. “You love Him so much?” she asked
mockingly. “Fine. I’ll kill every single person and burn them all. Let God sort them out.
Sounds fair, don’t you think?! Don’t see what you have to complain about now!”
The saint took a deep breath. “… I tried,” she murmured. “I truly wanted to steer you to the
right path again. To shepherd you as He did for me. But you will not listen to reason.” Jeanne
raised her flag. “I will put a stop to your madness, here and now,” she declared.
Joker grinned. “Well said, Jeanne,” he complimented, lowering himself into a stance with
knife in hand. Mash and Mona did so as well. The Dragon Witch snarled as she charged
forward, ablaze.
—------Roman rubbed his eyes as he monitored the screen. The vitals of Ren, Mash, and Morgana
were still bouncing around everywhere with very odd readings he only got when they
vanished. The Servants they had gone with were still stable as well though unchanged in
comparison. Frankly, it drove him crazy – here he was supposed to be the acting director of
Chaldea and keeping tabs for the Masters but he was left completely in the dark.
And Da Vinci, who was standing beside him staring at the monitor, was no help either. The
requests Morgana had given here were certainly odd and vague, but the Caster seemed to
have absolutely no trouble figuring out what he meant and had them all ready within the

night. And when Roman asked about it, all he got was a finger to her lips and a “That’s a
secret between the ragazzo, the catto, and me~”
He sighed. Well, he was putting a lot of faith in both Ren and Morgana. Mash seemed to
vouch for them, so there was really nothing they could do now except wait. The debriefing
after this singularity certainly promised to be interesting, to put it mildly. He was thinking
what branch of magecraft the two specialized in but given the wide assortment, it was
extraordinarily difficult to pin down. Summoning their own beings of legend which included
divine spirits with elemental magic of their own?
If the Clock Tower or the Church ever heard about this along with everything else, the two of
them would be slapped with so many sealing designations that their heads would spin. He
swore to himself that he would never allow that to happen.
“Hey, uh, doc?” one of the analysts piped up worriedly. “I’m getting some activity here for
Orleans. Really big readings, and they don’t look good at all”
The interim director blinked with surprise and switched windows from the Masters’ and
Mash’s vitals to the maps of France – and his mouth nearly dropped open. To say there was
‘some activity’ or ‘really big’ was fiercely underselling it. The wyverns and ghouls that had
been holing up Orleans were scattering from the city in multiple directions like ants marching
from the anthill. Coupled with that were new readings he hadn’t seen before up until now –
and what he did see sent shivers up his spine.
He immediately tried hailing for the ground team. No luck. “Do any of you have any readings
whatsoever on Ren, Morgana, Mash, or the Servants?” he demanded, panicked. “Anything at
all?!” Beside him, he could hear Da Vinci stepping forward to take a closer look at the
monitor, her enjoyment replaced with utmost seriousness at the development.
“No, sir!” called back another voice. “I’m scouring all of France for any trace of their signal
and about to move even beyond that but so far, I’ve got nothing! It’s like they vanished from
the world altogether!”
Vanished from the – he checked back to the vitals again. Despite the strange readings, there
was nothing that indicated their health was out of any extreme parameters for the most part.
That shouldn’t be possible. The fact he could still get their vitals and they’re relatively stable
meant they were still in the singularity in some form or function. But how could they be there
and not there at the same time? Perhaps a reality marble? But he didn’t detect any explosion
or concentrated source of prana that came from one.
But that would mean… he licked his dry lips. Was it possible they entered some other texture
of the World? But such a feat shouldn’t be possible! Any magus would be frothing at the
mouth for such a mystery, and Ren and Morgana weren’t magi in the slightest! Their circuits
had only appeared after they were marooned on the first singularity!
The only other location he could think of they could’ve slipped into would be Imaginary
Space. However, that also seemed highly unlikely for many reasons. It wasn’t an easy place
to access for any magi, let alone two people who hadn’t been mages until just a few days ago.
Not to mention, it was an absurdly dangerous location. Daemons traveled through it and

navigation was borderline impossible without a great amount of assistance. Still, what other
options were there? It was basically either going to another texture (impossible) or Imaginary
Space (extraordinarily unlikely).
Shaking, he reached over to grab his cup of coffee to take a calming sip – and only found the
cup had long been drained dry. He could only sigh as he put the cup down and helplessly
watched the monsters swarming from Orleans. The doppelganger and her Servants haven’t
moved themselves but that was only a small comfort, especially compared to the horde
pouring out.
He didn’t have nearly enough coffee for this…
---------Mash charged forward and intercepted the Witch’s blade, her sword locked against her shield
as sparks flew off. Joker and Mona immediately charged into her flanks with knife and
scimitar respectively, forcing her to retreat – and dodge a flag thrust by Jeanne. With a scowl,
the Witch summoned more dark spears and bombarded them. They quickly moved aside,
each spear hitting the ground causing an eruption of purple flames.
It had been a while since Joker had been pushed to such a degree. There were four of them
and one of the shadow, but she was nimble and skilled. The others were busy dealing or
fending off the demons and wyverns as more trickled in, meaning they couldn’t assist in
subjugating the Witch in turn. It couldn’t be helped but it certainly made matters harder.
As Jeanne went in for another stab, the Witch deflected with her own flag and kicked hard,
causing Jeanne to fly backward and crash on the ground. Before she could capitalize on the
fallen saint, both Joker and Mash rushed in to pressure her once more, depriving her of the
opportunity.
“Diego!” Mona cried.
With another burst of blue flame, the blue musketeer once more appeared and traced a pattern
in the air. A glowing green light flashed around Jeanne as she stood up, her wound rapidly
closing. “My thanks, Morgana,” the saint called to the catlike Servant gratefully. Before she
could charge back in, the Dragon Witch roared as she stabbed her sword into the ground,
causing the area around her to explode and knocking Mash and Joker back.
Joker backflipped backward as he did and changed his knife to a gun, firing a volley at the
Witch in the air. This time, she was a bit slower to react as several bullets found their mark,
piercing her armor into her flesh, one brushing past her cheek and leaving a scratch. Roaring
with pain, she summoned more dark spears – and was unable to send them as blades of wind
crashed against her, tearing through her.
As the fight continued, it was becoming extremely clear: The Witch was far stronger than any
of them individually, but she couldn’t handle all four of them combined. Working in tandem,
they all covered one another or followed up on attacks, not allowing her to gain any
momentum. Frankly, if the other Servants were able to join in, it would’ve been a rather

trivial matter to deal with her immediately. Joker considered using the Gae Bolg to
immediately end the fight multiple times.
Then he remembered the cognitive Gilles de Rais dying in the Witch’s arms. No. He wasn’t
going to kill her shadow. Inducing a mental shutdown was a line he didn’t want to cross if he
could help it at all. He had to retain something from being a Phantom Thief, no matter how
impossible it was.
A combination of a shot to the face from Mona’s slingshot combined with a bullet to the knee
from Joker sent the Dragon Witch crashing to the ground, panting heavily. The other four
were okay thanks to Joker and Mona’s healing personas, but the fight had certainly been
draining. “You think… you think you can win?!” she panted out. “I’m the Dragon Witch,
damnit! This country, this world… I saved it, I can burn it down! If you think I’m going to let
any of you get in my way-!”
“Yeah, yeah, we’ve heard this speech a thousand times before,” Mona scoffed.
“Unfortunately for you, the only thing you’re gonna end up burning is a matchstick! Joker?
Wanna do the honors?”
Joker grinned. Ah, this position again. “Jeanne, try to keep up with us!” he called out to the
surprised saint before rushing in. Summoning Cu Chulainn once more, the persona rapidly
stabbed the Witch and flung her into the air, followed by Joker doing a passing slice before
whirling around, switching his knife into a gun and putting more bullets in her. Mona moved
after, quickly running in and keeping the Witch in the air with the winds from Diego before
jumping in the air, curling up, and spinning like a buzzsaw with his scimitar sticking out,
cutting the Witch as he did so.
Next came Mash, who charged in and bashed the Witch with her shield with a fierce uppercut
before ramming her upwards. Finally, Jeanne, who had seen what was going on, finished off
with her flag, doing two jabs before swinging her flag down, smashing the Dragon Witch into
the ground. The four backed off with their weapons ready, waiting to see her reaction… and
backed up even further as purple flames erupted from her.
Slowly, the Dragon Witch stood back up, using her flag to support her. She was bruised and
bleeding in multiple places, her armor cracked and shattered. The fury in her eyes hadn’t
diminished whatsoever as she glared hatefully up at all of them. It was clear she was on her
last legs, yet Joker couldn’t help but feel a shiver down his spine. “Fine,” the Witch growled.
“You want me dead so badly?! Then I’ll burn. And you’ll burn. And everyone will burn! I’ll
burn everyone with me!” The flames began getting hotter and hotter, pulsing around the
Witch. Joker’s eyes widened as his grip tightened on his gun. He had a clear shot. Cu
Chulainn was also at the forefront as well. He could end right here and now. But he hesitated.
If he did any of that, then that would mean“Enough of this!”
The one who caught their attention was Jeanne d’Arc who stepped forward once more. She
looked determined, but instead of any anger or killing intent, she seemed far more sorrowful
instead. “You call yourself me,” she yelled over the rage. “But tell me, why do I not see the

people here we should know? We’ve met, talked to, and fought for so many before our death!
Where are they?”
The Dragon Witch sneered. “You think I remember every bitch and bastard I ever killed?!”
she snapped. “I got that damn priest, the Dauphin, and that Burgundian Lord. That’s all I care
about! Everyone else is just goddamn tinder in the way!”
“You know that’s not true!” the saint cried. “Do you remember Pierre, the innkeep who gave
us that tiny flagon of ale to try for the first time and we nearly spat it out everywhere? How
he and the others around us laughed and laughed. Or Francois, the soldier who talked to us
about maintaining our sword so it wouldn’t rust and get stuck in our sheath? He always had
some little song about maintenance that was… well, ‘obscene’ would be the closest word for
it. I still blush every time I think about it as I cared for my own.
The doppelganger didn’t answer. She still glared at the saint hatefully but something else
crept into her eyes: Trepidation. Doubt. Fear. They got the better of her as she looked over at
La Pucelle, still in her hand, still burning. The saint wouldn’t lie about this. Her younger,
naïve self could never do such a thing, especially now. She remembered those people clear as
day, yet as the Witch looked at her blade, she couldn’t remember any such men. What… what
did that mean?
Jeanne watched the Witch as she looked down at her blade. Tears started spilling from her
eyes. “Do… do you remember mama and papa?” she whispered to her, somehow still audible
despite the flames. “Our brothers and sister? I never forgot them. I prayed for them as I
marched with my men, I prayed for them as I held audiences with the Dauphin and the
various lords and generals. And… I prayed for them still, even on the eve of my execution.
Beside the Lord, they were the dearest treasures to my heart.” She gulped as she stared
plaintively at her doppelganger in the eye.
“So please, tell me, my other self… if everyone should be in Hell, then where are they in
here?”
The Dragon Witch opened her mouth to respond… and closed it again, with her flames
diminishing. The realization dripped in steadily that she had no memories at all: Of her
family, of her friends, her comrades, nothing. All she had were the memories of the trial and
her execution, and everything that came after. She still burned with the injustice of it all, but
without the memories of what she fought for and everything that came before, then what
exactly did that make her?
She scowled as a new rage lit within her heart, one born of desperation rather than vengeance
now. “So what,” she snarled. “So what if I don’t remember them?! It doesn’t matter! It
doesn’t change what happened to me! I’ll see everything through, and everything will burn!
And you can just shut your mouth! I’m beyond sick of your preaching!” With that, the
Dragon Witch charged toward the saint with La Pucelle raised, roaring. Jeanne d’Arc stared
sadly at her counterpart…
… and dropped her flag.

La Pucelle pierced through her armor and her gut to the other side of her body. Joker, Mona,
and Mash cried out, about to advance, but a raised gauntleted hand from Jeanne stopped
them. The Witch’s eyes were wide with shock as she looked up at the saint. “What the – a-are
you taking pity on me?” she growled. “What the hell are you doing?! Why aren’t you
defending yourself?! You’re the goddamn Maid of Orleans, aren’t you?! Pick up that flag and
defend yourself, damnit! Th-this… this isn’t how it’s supposed to go!”
Jeanne smiled, despite a bit of blood escaping from her lips. “Because I wished to meet your
rage head-on,” she murmured kindly. “Perhaps you are not me, and that is a wonderful thing.
The rage you carry within you was against a cruel injustice, simply untempered by other
experiences. But now that you realize, you can be someone else, something else: Your own
person. You can choose your own path. If fury and rage is still what you feel, then now the
choice is yours to direct where you will.”
“My… own path?” the Witch echoed hollowly.
The saint’s smile widened. Despite the sword in her gut, she stepped forward and embraced
her doppelganger. “He is merciful to saint and sinner alike,” she whispered. “I cannot absolve
you of your sins and these deaths, nor would you accept them. However, at the very least,
you can choose something else. Not as the vengeance or shadow of Jeanne d’Arc, but just…
well, you.” She drew back and beamed. “Is that not a most wondrous miracle in the end?”
The Dragon Witch let out a shaky breath. La Pucelle dissolved as she dropped on her knees,
her own flag crashing to the ground. The other three immediately rushed forward, with Joker
summoning Pixie to fix the hole in Jeanne’s gut. “My own person, huh?” she chuckled, the
sound hollow and bitter. “And here I was, thinking I was doing something by my own will
instead of His. Instead, I was still just as bound as I was before.” The Witch sighed. “I’m
tired,” she murmured. “I’m really freaking tired. I should probably get back to my actual self.
I… I got a lot to think about, it seems like.” She glanced up at Jeanne. “For the record, I still
think you’re insufferably naïve and dumb.”
Jeanne smiled. “Is that your own thought?” she asked.
The Witch blinked in surprise, then barked out in genuine mirthful laughter. “You’re damn
right it is, saint!” she declared as she began glowing, her body fading out. “Looks like there’ll
be a lot of clean-up to do. Might as well leave you lot to it. See you guys soon enough.” With
that, she faded away, her body dissipating into sparkling motes of light.
Mash blinked in surprise. “Is… is it over?” she asked as she lowered her shield. All around
them, the demons and wyverns dissipated into black dust, leaving the other Servants fighting
thin air.
“Yeah, it is,” Mona confirmed as Joker picked up the Witch’s flag. “She’s gone back to her
conscious self. We’ve succeeded in changing her heart. All we need to do is to –“ Suddenly,
the entire place rocked as if an earthquake hit. The buildings around them began crumbling.
“We need to get out of here!” Mona hurriedly finished. “With a change of heart, the Palace
will collapse – and if we don’t get out of here, it’ll take us with it! Joker!”

Joker looked over as Mona jumped up. With a glow of light, he transformed – into a black
minibus, with headlights resembling Mona’s blue eyes and a pair of large cat ears sticking out
from the top. Joker had to grin. He hadn’t seen this in a while. He caught everyone staring,
flabbergasted. “Everyone, get in!” he commanded. “We gotta go, now!”
His shout startled them out of their shock and they immediately boarded the bus. “Allow me
to drive, Master,” Saber stated, stepping forward. That caught Joker by surprise, but with her
sheer confidence and charisma, he almost reflexively stood aside, quickly taking shotgun.
With Mash, Archer, Siegfried, Jeanne, Elizabeth, and Kiyohime packed in, it was a bit
cramped though not unduly – not that anyone would complain right now.
Saber’s hands flew as she changed gears and put pedal to the metal, with the Morganamobile
blazing down the streets. Her green eyes focused as she dodged collapsing buildings and
shards of ice with ease, swerving and drifting around corners while adjusting for the ice.
Everyone in the car hung on for dear life. Joker and Mona had to admit, they didn’t expect
Saber to be such an amazing driver, but they certainly weren’t going to complain. To the side,
they could see the castle collapsing with a deafening boom as they went down the street that
they entered the Palace in. They got closer and closer to the point –
And in the next moment, they were out, with everyone sprawling on the ground as Morgana
was forced back into his cat form. Ren caught his breath as he lay on the grass, back in his
Master uniform once more. That was certainly a hassle. But it was a successful mission
without any more deaths. That was all he could ask for.
Suddenly, his communicator rang. He tiredly reached over to hit it, and once more saw
Roman’s panicked face. “Ren, what’s going on over there?!” he demanded. “The readings
have been going crazy! The wyverns and ghouls are collapsing and dissolving, the Servants
are vanishing, and – wait, what’s that huge prana signature at your location? Wait… it… it
can’t be…”
Ren blinked with surprise. Oh right. He picked up the Treasure from the doppelganger’s
Palace. He glanced at his hand… and his eyes widened in surprise at what he held.
A Grail.
“I- wh- how did-!” Roman stammered, completely at a loss for words. He checked the
readings once more. “W-we’re still d-detecting a Grail signature w-within Orleans,” he
stuttered before looking back at the screen with Ren holding up the Grail. “Where… where
the hell did that… how… Ren, what on Earth did you do?!”
Ren chuckled uneasily, noting that literally everyone else was staring wide-eyed at the Grail.
Another surprise in a day full of surprises. “Part of what I need to explain once I get back,”
he admitted. “Shouldn’t be too much longer though. We got things resolved. We’ll grab the
other Grail and be on our way.”
Roman could only just stare at Ren before collapsing in his chair. “Yes, yes, of course,” he
replied, defeated. He knew he wasn’t going to get any answers at this point – only a massive
headache that was only getting worse. “Just… report back when you’re done so we can get
you back to Chaldea. I’ll… I’ll keep monitoring things from here.”

He reached over to end the communication. His finger missed the button – though he didn’t
notice in time before his head collapsed on the desk, groaning loudly in frustration. Da Vinci
leaned in with an enormous, very amused smile and waved. “Ciao!” she called over
cheerfully before ending the communication herself.
Ren shook his head as he turned off his own communicator before looking over at the Grail.
“Master, where… where did that come from?” Saber asked, looking incredibly nonplussed
that he had one in his hand. Well, given it was a powerful magical artifact, he couldn’t
exactly blame everyone’s reactions to it.
“A Treasure is what caused the distortion and formed the Palace to begin with,” he explained
as he held up the Grail. “Meaning this was the source of her distortion. It’s as genuine an
article as the actual thing. The actual Grail would still be where the Witch keeps it. Mash,
think you can stow this away?”
The Shielder blinked from gawking at the Grail. “Um, o-of course, senpai!” she replied with
surprise as she took the Grail handed to her, stowing it behind her shield with their other
supplies. She really wasn’t sure what to think at this point. Just as her senpai had done one
impossible thing, he goes and does yet another. She would be present for the debriefing after
this singularity – there were simply too many things to go over to debrief all of them
separately.
“We’ll answer any questions later on but for now, we should get going,” Morgana said,
looking over to Orleans. “The sooner we can get the Grail, the sooner we can get out of here.
Normally it can take a few days to weeks for a change of heart to occur, but I don’t think we
have that kind of time. Also, she should still be feeling the effects regardless, if what Roman
told us about her Servants and the wyverns is true.” Everyone nodded and proceeded towards
Orleans.
----------The ruined city was far emptier now, allowing them to see the crumbling ruins and former
splendor of the place. Ren glanced over at Jeanne, worried about how she felt. Jeanne for her
part only gazed upon the ruins forlornly, bowing her head in a quiet prayer. Despite that, she
kept marching on, not slowing down even a bit. He had to admire her resolve on that front.
The castle itself was empty. No signs of tentacled monstrosities or other Servants. The castle
was eerily quiet all things considered, with even the distant roars of any remaining wyverns
being muffled by the stone ruins. Nevertheless, they all took their regular formations. They
would rather not get ambushed if they could help it. They moved through hallways and up
multiple flights of stairs. It was… a different experience than going through the Palace’s
castle.
Ren couldn’t help but feel a shiver up his spine. It felt like when he went back into Shujin
after infiltrating Kamoshida’s Palace. For days after, despite the students in the halls, he still
expected to see a shadow stomping around a corner. Ryuji and Ann had told him the same
one of their hangouts later. It was a disturbing feeling.

Eventually, they came to the throne room and stepped in. It was surprisingly well maintained
still, with sunlight filtering into the grand hall. It definitely felt far different than when it was
completely frozen over and the crucifixes of three men standing in the middle. On the throne
was the doppelganger, her head buried in her hands, and the robed Gilles de Rais, shaking her
urgently by her side.
At their entrance, the Caster immediately looked up, his bulging eyes narrowing in pure,
undiluted rage. “You, you did this!” he spat, moving protectively in front of the doppelganger.
“You are the ones who brought my dear Jeanne so low! The ones who defiled her! Tainted
her! Especially… you!” He pointed to Ren in sheer hatred. “She told me about you, you
abomination!” he snarled. “One who would bring angels and demons side by side to bear! An
affront is what you are! An affront to His works and His will! You truly are nothing but a
monstrosity!”
“That is enough, Gilles!” Jeanne shouted, stepping forward. “You are a captain of France and
sworn to defend her people! Please! This fight is over, Stand aside!”
Gilles’s eyes bulged even further (how that was even possible is best not explored) at the
sight of the saint. “You… you would dare, you vile abomination?!” he snarled again, glaring
at Ren. If hate could be manifested into laser beams, Ren was certain he would be flash-fried
on the spot. “No, no! I will not allow this! I will not allow you to defy all we have worked
towards!” He opened his book – and got an arrow right into his gut, courtesy of Archer.
The red-mantled Servant clicked his tongue. He reflexively aimed lower as a respect for
Jeanne but all his instincts were flaring up. He should’ve aimed for the head. An instant later,
he was proved correct as a portal underneath Gilles opened and countless tentacles wrapped
around him. Nocking another arrow, he fired another directly at the Caster’s head, only for it
to be intercepted by another tentacle bursting out of the ground. The other Servants charged
in but were similarly intercepted.
Finally, the doppelganger stirred. Her face was tear-soaked, her eyes red – and they widened
as she witnessed all the tentacles. “What the-“ she murmured before turning to the mad
Caster. “Gilles, I ordered you to stand down! The campaign is over! I-I don’t want to do this
anymore! Too many are already dead and it’s my fucking fault!”
The Caster blinked and turned. His face morphed into one of inconsolable grief and sadness.
“Ah, my Jeanne,” he whimpered. “My dearest, dearest Jeanne. They have wreaked their
black magics on you and tainted you. No more do the fires of salvation burn within you. But
no matter. The Grail has responded to my wishes once. It shall respond again.” He took out
the Grail as the entire castle rumbled. The portal quickly started enlarging underneath him.
Tentacles shot out and grabbed the doppelganger. “Wh-what are you doing, Gilles?!” she
demanded, a note of panic in her voice as she struggled. “Listen to me, damn you! I ordered
you to stand down!” Her eyes widened as a hideous maw emerged.
“Ah, my dear Jeanne, do not fret,” Gilles cooed. “I shall deal with these heretics and kill that
abomination. After that, you will be birthed anew with your fire and spirit once more. Never
fear. But for now, for now, I shall take you to bosom, so that you may be renewed. Please,
wait for me my dear Jeanne!”

“Gilles, you bastard – NO!” Those were her last words as the maw reached up and devoured
her, cutting off her words into screams of pain and torment. Unfortunately, neither Master nor
Servant would be able to reach her in time. The Caster reached into his robe and pulled out a
Grail as well – the one sustaining Orleans, and he dropped it into the bloody maw of the
creature. The castle began quaking even more.
“Senpai, we have to retreat!” Mash cried out desperately as she fended off another tentacle.
Ren and Morgana barely heard her, trying to process the horror before them. They had stolen
her heart. It was supposed to be their victory. Yet Gilles took everything from them in an
instant and put the doppelganger through a far worse fate than they had ever planned. They
had made a critical mistake.
Archer clicked his tongue. Rather than wasting more words, he quickly grabbed Ren
underneath his arm and Morgana in his other hand. With that, everyone began dashing out of
the castle as the tremors got even worse. They barely got out of the castle in time before it
exploded, unveiling a gigantic tentacled monstrosity that reached into the sky.
“Oh God! How I love thee! How I reject thee!” Gilles screamed into the sky as his
monstrosity kept ascending. “You who shows mercy and compassion to all, even your
lowliest subject! You who cruelly torments and delights in their suffering for your enjoyment!
I praise your name! I curse your name! The venerated saint shall be reborn, and her flames
shall scorch your very gates! O Father in Heaven, hallowed be thy name! Witness your
majesty and glory! May you be terrified and delighted! I shall bring it all to bear in thy
name!”
Only once they escaped to the outskirts did they dare turn around. No one could have
expected the sight that awaited them: A gigantic, tentacled monstrosity, its countless boneless
limbs lashing out and easily crushing the buildings underneath like they were made of twigs.
The figure of Gilles de Rais could barely be seen above its head before sinking into the
creature. The smaller monstrosities they faced in the Palace were horrific, but nothing
compared to the sheer dread and horror they felt facing this thing.
They were exhausted and drained from the Palace and the shadow, but it seemed their fight
wasn’t over yet.
—------She could barely constitute her thoughts anymore. One moment she was outside in the throne
room, hit with wave after wave of guilt until it washed away her rage and vengeance, leaving
her barely comprehensible. The next, she had been taken by Gilles’s monstrosity and
devoured alive. Ha. A monster devoured by a bigger monster. What a fitting way it should
end.
Was she whole or was she in pieces? She couldn’t tell. The creature wasn’t the cleanest eater.
She was surprised she could even think at all. Were any of her other victims here as well?
How many did this thing devour? Was the saint’s group here as well? No, they probably
escaped. They weren’t the ones that needed to face punishment, after all. She was the one

who spilled countless amounts of blood through dragonfire and her own blade, then defiled
their bodies by raising them as undead ghouls.
Sin upon sin upon sin she had committed. And it would all end here. It was surprisingly
painless, almost like being lulled to sleep. But she knew it was just a prelude. She would
awaken again and when she did, it would be the flames of Hell that would greet her. Or
would it be ice? That Master’s creature was the Devil, after all, and it used ice. Either way
promised eternal torment.
Then she saw… no, she didn’t see. She wasn’t sure she had eyes left. She felt. A presence
infinitely stronger than her own. Whole and powerful. Almost unconsciously, she reached for
it. Perhaps this power here would allow her to right her wrongs, grant some atonement. She
was still the Dragon Witch, but perhaps she would be able to undo a bit of the damage. She
would still be condemned without a doubt, but purgatory would be long and harsh anyway.
Might as well do what she could.
As she approached, a vast consciousness brushed up against hers. It felt powerful, foreign. It
was a power she hadn’t felt from anything before. And at that very moment, she was afraid
again. Who are you? she asked.
There was silence. Then the voice of legion answered her.
We are Orobas.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/YsxJVQwA

Chapter 33: Jeanne
Chapter Summary

Destruction and renewal

Chapter Notes

Sorry for the delay, guys. This chapter was a doozy to write.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The gigantic creature rampaged, its limbs obliterating what little remained of the city.
Wyverns tried to flee, shrieking in sheer panic before being caught by the tentacles and
dragged into waiting maws, their cries silenced with disgusting squelches that echoed
through the air. The only blessing was that it wasn’t exactly mobile – there were no clear
appendages that allowed it to move whatsoever, forcing it to remain stationary. However,
given the sheer number of giant flailing tentacles about, that hardly mattered.
Ren and Morgana could only stare at the creature. It was something out of a movie – no, a
nightmare. A being like this wasn’t natural. It didn’t feel natural whatsoever. Even more so,
something within them felt… incredibly opposed to its very existence. Was it their personas?
Were they rejecting this creature even worse than they were?
The image of seeing the doppelganger eaten alive was still fresh in their mind. Combined
with the exhaustion of exiting a Palace and the fact they had just finished a fight with the
doppelganger’s shadow… neither Master could stop themselves from crashing to the ground.
“Senpai?!” a shocked Mash cried out, running to Ren’s side. The other Servants immediately
took notice and formed a defensive cordon around them, with both Saber and Archer also
moving to the Masters.
“S-sorry guys, just a bit tired,” Ren reassured them, trying to muster up a smile – and failing
miserably. On top of the physical exhaustion from everything, there were a lot of emotions
the two were wrestling through as well. They had successfully changed the doppelganger’s
heart; her words and actions proved it. That was supposed to be it. They should’ve been able
to grab her Grail and head out.
Instead, they had been so focused on their typical methods that they made a crucial mistake:
They had forgotten who the Palace ruler was surrounded by. From what little Sae had told
them, many of Shido’s cronies had done everything they could to cover up Shido’s change of

heart. Granted, it was ultimately because of Yaldabaoth that much of his deeds were able to
be concealed in the first place, but it was still an important factor they hadn’t considered.
Archer meanwhile gazed at the monster, frowning. “We can rest a little, Masters,” he
suddenly announced.
That caught Ren’s, Morgana’s, and Mash’s attention. “Wh-what?” Morgana stuttered,
blinking. “Archer, what the hell are you talking about?! We gotta deal with that… thing of
Gilles’! You can see how much destruction it’s wreaking right now. If we don’t do
something-!”
“Then it won’t do anything,” Archer concluded for Morgana calmly. He pointed to the
monstrosity still wrecking Orleans. “Caster’s creature is currently only destroying the city,”
he explained. “The city is already in ruins with no civilians, or really any living humans
within. It’s also completely immobile as well as there are no legs, tendrils, or any other
means of locomotion that we can tell. It’s not leaking any particular miasma nor is it
spawning more creatures to invade other territories. And even if it could move, it would seem
Caster is more concerned about destroying the immediate vicinity than even targeting us.”
Blinking, the three turned to the horrific monstrosity. Indeed, besides razing the city to the
ground, Gilles didn’t seem to be interested in doing much else – well, other than laughing and
ranting maniacally. “At the moment, you’re exhausted,” Archer stated, looking back at them,
looking them over critically. “Take a moment to catch your breath. We have some time to
deal with Gilles. We’ll move if he does anything else.”
“But there’s no time,” Ren objected. “If we leave him alone, it’ll just give him time to do
something worse! We need to-!”
“Archer is right, Ren,” Jeanne cut in. She had torn her horrified gaze away from the city to
look upon the Masters. “Even in a situation such as this – no, especially because of a
situation like this that we must be well rested and prepared.” She turned back to the city
where Gilles was still rampaging. “After all, we… we must stop him,” she whispered. It was
clear she was fighting back tears. “This madness of Gilles – it has to stop. We will stop it.”
Ren and Morgana looked up at Jeanne in surprise. They couldn’t argue against her – this was
her home, and their opponent was someone she knew personally. If she was the one
suggesting they rested, then there was no arguing that point. Nevertheless, sitting down here
not being able to do anything as it rampaged made them deeply restless. “Fine, we’ll take a
break,” Ren relented with a frustrated sigh. “Still, we have to do something about Gilles.
Anyone have an idea?”
Saber was silent as she considered. Then she nodded. “My noble phantasm should be able to
eliminate him,” she stated. Her tone was calm and level. It wasn’t one of confidence or
reassurance – it was a tone of absolute surety.
The Masters blinked. “You mean the hurricane?” Morgana asked, tilting his head out of
curiosity. As strong as the winds were from those gusts, he didn’t think they would be enough
to take down such a large monstrosity. But they both had a feeling that it wasn’t what she
meant.

Indeed, the Servant shook her head. “Strike Air comes from dispersing the winds that conceal
my blade in whatever direction I choose,” she explained. “You are aware of my true identity,
are you not, Masters? Then you know of my noble phantasm. I’ve not used it yet as it
consumes an incredible amount of prana, but it should take him down in one strike.”
Ren and Morgana’s eyes widened. Right – Artoria Pendragon. Better known as King Arthur,
the pinnacle of knighthood and chivalry. They remembered the lecture from Da Vinci and
Roman about how a Servant’s fame made them stronger. It was a rather familiar concept to
them – the stronger a cognition was in peoples’ minds, the more powerful it would be.
Yaldabaoth, a god born from the cognition of the masses in Tokyo, almost wiped out their
existence. Only the intervention of Lavenza saved them.
And when it came to knights, no one was more famed than her and her sword, Excalibur.
Ren reached over to his communicator and tapped it. The holographic screen winked into
existence, revealing a still-frazzled Roman pouring himself a fresh cup of coffee at his table
while staring at yet another monitor. Ren decided to wait until the doctor finished pouring
himself a steaming cup and took a long sip first. Coffee was definitely necessary at a time
like this and he would rather not surprise the doctor and have it spilling on his desk or lap.
“Roman? You’re getting all this, right?” The Master asked rhetorically. “Can you get us
anything about Gilles’…. whatever that thing is?” Morgana sat a bit more upright to get a
better view of the screen, with Mash sitting beside Ren at his other side.
The doctor checked his readings, blinking blearily. “It seems the monster has considerable
regenerative properties on top of its strength,” he reported, his fingers moving over the keys
as he charted out the data. ”I’m not reading any other organisms or toxic materials issuing
from it. Looking at these readings, it would seem Gilles de Rais is around the… head? Chest?
Close to the top anyway.” Ren glanced over at the monster. The doctor’s confusion at the
creature’s anatomy was rather understandable – it was just a big…. Thing.
“The Grail is located closer to the base,” he pointed out, going through the readings. “The
creature is using it as a power source to fuel its regeneration. For now, it doesn’t seem to be
doing anything else with it so we should be able… to…” Roman’s words trailed off as he
leaned forward, his eyes widening. “Wait, what’s going on here?” he demanded, staring at the
screen. “Prana’s concentrating on the Grail – far more than normal!”
Suddenly, something bulged from the side of the monstrosity. Immediately, everyone was on
guard. Gilles’s words echoed through the air once more. “What?!” he demanded. “Tainting
my dear Jeanne’s mind wasn’t enough for you?! You would taint her very soul and body as
well?!?” That caught Ren and Morgana by surprise. That… shouldn’t be what happened after
they stole a Treasure. What was going on?
With a disgusting tearing of flesh, a bulging mass of flesh burst out of the creature and landed
on the ground before it rapidly began swelling up and growing upwards, darkening to a dead
ashy color. Countless red eyes opened and lined the black pillar of flesh, its pupils crossshaped. Soon, it was the same size and height as Gilles’s monstrosity.

“Connection established,” the creature said. It spoke in the doppelganger’s voice that rapidly
deepened into an inhuman, demonic pitch. “Anchor and existence acknowledged. Parameters
within bounds. Processing data. Parsing. Threat levels: Negligible.”
“Hear our voice, humanity. We are Orobas. One of the Seventy-Two Demon Gods under King
Solomon. Your existence has been declared unnecessary, and so we shall cleanse you. This
shall be our mercy, for we shall be swift and exacting.”
“Your meaningless existence is at an end. Rejoice.”
Everyone’s eyes widened at the two titanic figures that loomed in Orleans. Roman in
particular was left staring at the screen with horror. If color was able to be transmitted
through the communicators, they would’ve seen it utterly vacate his face. “Th-that’s…. that’s
impossible…” he breathed. “Oro… bas…? No, it… it can’t be, it-it must be some sort of
imposter…”
“Doctor, now’s not the time to freak out,” Morgana snapped, glaring up at the screen. “What
can you tell us about this new… thing? Orobas?” Then he stopped and blinked before turning
to Ren. “Hey, didn’t you have a persona by that name?” he asked curiously.
Ren dug through his memory, then nodded slowly. Indeed, Orobas was one of the personas he
had. It wasn’t one he could summon right now – probably because nobody in medieval
France had a cognition of it. He scrounged around in his memory for information about it. “I
think it was one of the seventy-two demons of the Goetia,” he murmured slowly.
He looked back up at the black pillar, lined with red eyes. “This one is certainly uglier though
– mine was just a bipedal horse,” Ren remarked with a smirk. Morgana chuckled while the
other Servants gave the both of them odd looks.
“You dare?!” the mad Caster screeched, once more drawing everyone’s attention as his
comparatively tiny form sprouted back up from the creature’s head. “You dare, you dare, you
dare, you dare, you dare, you dare!?!” As he screamed, he clawed at his face to the point of
leaving bloody trails down his gaunt cheeks, making him even look more horrifying than
before. “How dare you taint my dearest Jeanne like this?! What manner of affliction came
about from… you.”
The Chaldeans felt a chill down their backs as Gilles’s glare rested on them once more. Even
from such a far distance, it felt like his hatred had redoubled once more. “You are the cause of
this!” he spat out. “You wound taint and defile her mind, her soul, and now her body?! Was
the execution not enough?!? Oh God, must you continue to torment her so?! Is there no limit
to your lust for entertainment, to your cruelty?! How I repudiate you! Fine! If you wish to pen
this tragedy for me, I shall play my part to the end!”
Howling into the skies, more portals began opening all over, spitting out more and more
monstrosities. A considerable horde of tentacled abominations started pouring out of the city
towards the group. “Guess that concludes our break,” Archer commented sardonically as he
summoned his bow and an arrow once more. Quickly firing, it exploded among the horde,
incinerating and obliterating a large chunk of them… and barely stemmed the flow as simply
more poured through the aftermath.

Orobas in the meantime turned its eyes on Gilles, who in turn had faced the pillar once more.
“And you, you foul demon!” he screamed. “You would defile my dear Jeanne! Your existence
is a heresy and blasphemy! I curse you! Your existence is an affront to God! I will purge you
and destroy you, you foul beast!”
“Humanity still speaks in nothing but hypocrisies and spittle,” the pillar noted. While its
deep, inhuman voice was monotone overall, one could easily hear the hint of disdain that
crept into its tone. “Analyzing. Servant name: Gilles de Rais. Class designation: Caster. You
claim to serve God yet summon blasphemies He would reject. You call us a foul beast yet the
being you have called is an aberration. We repudiate you. Your presence is unnecessary.
Correcting error.”
Large tentacles sprung up around Orobas and wrapped around it, squeezing around as tightly
as they could. A glow emitted from the pillar underneath the tentacles before they were
shredded by powerful beams of red prana, emitted by the eyes. As more smaller tentacle
monstrosities sprang up and charged at the pillar from below, the pillar emitted superhot
smoke that roiled over the creatures, immediately boiling their blood to nothing before
incinerating them as they stood. More beams fired from the eyes, cutting lines across Gilles
de Rais’s creature, which quickly regenerated and retaliated in turn.
Ren watched as the two beings battled each other over the ruined Orleans. A stray thought
popped into his mind that Ryuji, Futaba, and Makoto (and probably Haru too) would very
much enjoy this fight if they saw it in a movie before snapping himself out of it.
Unfortunately, this wasn’t a movie – this was all too real, and he needed to get the situation
dealt with.
The horde that they were fighting through wasn’t as thick as it could be, given a good portion
was being diverted to fighting Orobas, but they were still numerous. Archer was still thinning
them out with arrows as Kiyohime blasted flames into the left flank as the other Servants
charged forward to cut them down. And while dealing with each monstrosity individually
wasn’t a problem whatsoever, they more than made up with quantity.
“Saber!” Ren called out. “Can you take out Gilles de Rais?” Under more normal
circumstances, he would be happy to just let the two monsters fight it out then mop up
whoever was left. However, as they were under constant assault like this, there was no way
they could simply sit back. Not to mention, he didn’t want to chance Gilles deciding to send a
premade army of these creatures out to the rest of France.
The Servant looked over at Gilles fighting the pillar and frowned. “I’m too far, Master,” she
called back. “We’ll need to close the distance to make absolutely sure. We shouldn’t need to
advance too far before I’m in range!”
The Master of Chaldea nodded. Reasonable enough – they were a rather large distance away
in their retreat from Gilles and Orleans. He turned to the others. “Siegfried, Georgios, can
you plow a way forward?” he asked. The two Servants didn’t answer but immediately moved
to the vanguard, hacking away a path. Once more, the others took up the flanks and rear
guard with Ren and Morgana at the center. It was just like fighting through the Palace castle
all over again.

Still, there were two clear differences. Neither Ren nor Morgana were in their Phantom Thief
regalia. Their personas used magecraft and prana as opposed to the power of the Metaverse
and they were still exhausted from their expedition into the doppelganger’s Palace and the
fight with her shadow. As such, the formation was tighter than before, with Mash sticking
closer to the two and fighting more defensively as opposed to aggressively attacking the
tentacled monstrosities.
The second was that they were fighting on open plains as opposed to the strict confines of the
castle. It gave a lot more maneuverability for everyone involved, including the monstrosities.
They swarmed all around the cordon, lashing from almost every side possible. Several
Servants got hit when the tentacles struck at blind spots they weren’t able to cover properly,
requiring Ren or Morgana to patch them up which in turn drained even more energy from
them.
As a result, every step to advance was a grueling march, wading through countless
abominations to get within range of the monster. It was a small blessing that Gilles and
Orobas were distracted with fighting each other so they didn’t have to worry about direct
attacks from either of them. They already had enough to handle with the horde bearing down
on them.
Eventually, Saber called out, “This should be close enough!” Ren glanced over and checked
their distance. They were almost literally right outside Orleans. They were still some distance
away from Gilles’s creature but it loomed over them regardless, almost blocking out the sun.
Gilles didn’t seem any wiser of their new position as he kept frothing at the mouth, sending
more countless tentacles to attack Orobas and getting blasted down in turn.
“Everyone, spread out,” he barked. “Give Saber time to use her noble phantasm!” Everyone
immediately took their positions, with Ren, Morgana, Saber, and Mash at the center. The
other Servants surrounded them in a circle, warding off the tentacle monsters as well as they
could. Some of them tried to leap off their peers and pounce from above, forcing Kiyohime,
Archer, Ren, and Morgana to pick them off as best they could as the others kept the cordon as
well as they could. At best, it was a tenuous position. But one they wouldn’t have to maintain
for long, hopefully.
The winds dispelled from around Saber’s sword, revealing the beautiful blade. She raised it
into the air and as she did, it began glowing with a warm, divine light. Motes of golden light
rose into the air and entered the sword as prana and power began building, to the point even
Ren and Morgana could feel it. The sheer power distracted the other Servants but thankfully,
it had even more of an effect on the monstrosities as they began shying and retreating away
from Saber as if they were outright terrified of it.
As the light coalesced, the blade turned into a column of power, radiating out its divine
energy. The monstrosities further shrank away, like wild beasts from a blazing inferno, giving
everyone a much-needed reprieve as they all could only gaze in awe at the sheer power of
Saber’s blade. Saber herself was composed and calm, her expression showing no sign of
burden of the power she had in her hands. Only a focused precision that precluded all other
emotions.

Ren and Morgana stared up at the golden light. They had confidence in their personas and
they had seen noble phantasms before. They even saw the corrupted version of this same
power back in Fuyuki, utilized by the darker version of Saber. However, what they felt here
only left them with a sense of solemn awe at the pureness and its power. Instinctively, they
backed up, as did the other Servants. Not because they were afraid but more because they
didn’t want to be caught in the blast radius.
Staring at the light, they both remembered. The Phantom Thieves: Ryuji, Ann, Makoto,
Futaba, Haru, Sumire, and even Akechi. All of them fighting side by side, celebrating both
their joys and sorrows. Even as they stared down Yaldabaoth or Maruki, they didn’t flinch.
They were all together, fighting as one. That gave them courage then. And seeing this, the
light of miracles… it reminded them of that courage. Of what they were fighting for in the
first place.
Then Saber spoke.
“Ex-!”
She took a step forward with that single syllable, causing a golden shockwave to radiate out.
The ruined pavement cracked underneath. Finally, the two monstrosities had taken notice,
with tentacles rising up around them and Orobas’s eyes turning towards them, but by then it
was far too late.
“-CALIBUR!!!!”
With a final cry, Saber swung down. The golden column of light descended like the judgment
of heaven and raced forward in a golden wave of pure destruction, blasting through creatures
and crumbling buildings before crashing against Gilles’s monstrosity. The mad Caster’s
shrieks of rage and fear filled the air as he reviled against God once more, this time, the
sound of the destruction was louder. The monster crumbled into ashes which were borne
away from the power of Excalibur. At the end, the only sound Gilles made was a piercing
shriek – whether of madness or pain or something else entirely was something only he would
know.
Then the power passed. And it was gone – both the power and Gilles alike. The smaller
monstrosities curled up inward on themselves, making faint, horrific shrieks of pain before
dissolving into dust as well, like they never existed to begin with.
Everyone sighed in relief that Gilles was finally defeated… until a faint rumble got their
attention. They immediately turned, weapons ready, to face the pillar before them. Its ruby
eyes stared at the group impassively, each eye moving to a different person in turn or
focusing on their surroundings. It was a very disorienting and disturbing thing to witness.
“Analyzing presences,” Orobas intoned as its eyes continued to rove about. “Servant quantity:
Seven. Servant names: Artoria Pendragon. Heroic Spirit EMIYA. Elizabeth Bathory.
Kiyohime. Saint Georgios. Siegfried. Jeanne d’Arc. Class designations: Saber. Archer.
Lancer. Berserker. Rider. Saber. Ruler. Threat level: Negligible.” A few of the eyes focused
on Ren, Morgana, and Mash.

“Unknown variable. Name: Mash Kyrielight,” it continued. “Defensive combat style. Threat
level: Negligible. Master quantity: Two.” Then its eyes rolled. “Error. Analysis inconclusive
on Masters. Cautionary discretion advised. Calculating threat level. Conclusion: Negligible.”
Once more, its eyes focused on Ren and Morgana. “Your presence is… familiar,” Orobas
murmured. “Collective accessed. Requesting permission for further analysis. …Permission
denied. Information irrelevant.”
“He sure likes to talk a lot,” Morgana noted drily. Ren chuckled despite his own nervousness.
It was clear this demon pillar was trying to figure them out. Still, the sign of familiarity was
intriguing. He once used the Orobas persona before during his part adventures. Did this
particular Orobas know that?
He was tempted to ask but decided not to. It seems it could access a ‘collective’ – probably
the other seventy-two demons or whatever was like it if it went by that naming scheme. And
considering it was gathering data on them… better safe than sorry.
Still, this… thing needed to be dealt with immediately. It still seemed somewhat distracted by
analyzing them and figuring out what was going on. Perhaps if he could make a decisive
strike… He glanced over at Saber, who noticed and glanced back. He tightened his fist – the
one with the command seals. Saber’s eyes flickered over for a second before nodding almost
imperceptibly. It was now or never. He whispered, “By my command seal –“
Before Ren could complete the command, the ruby eyes immediately began to glow. Mash
rushed in front of him just in time to deflect a powerful beam of prana, almost bowling her
over in the process. Everyone was forced to split up to dodge the onslaught of lasers and
superheated smoke that billowed out from the base of Orobas.
“Hostile intent detected,” it intoned. “Humanity hasn’t grown beyond their base tactics.
Rejoice in your purging and know your end has come at last. Reinitiating contact with the
collective. Standing by. Awaiting further command.”
Ren gritted his teeth and both he and Morgana were covered by Mash, who barely held on
from the attacks as they retreated away from Orobas. He had lost track of the other Servants,
though judging by how the laser blasts kept going everywhere, they most likely were doing
what they could to avoid them as well. As much as he wanted to give the order to Saber and
have her obliterate Orobas, it would require her standing still to unleash it. And under this
withering barrage, that was all but a suicide wish.
But then again, everyone around him had been impressing on him the necessity of victory at
all costs. If he gave the order, she would use her noble phantasm no matter what, even if it
would kill her. Was this the true test of it? If push came to shove, if there was a method of
victory in front of him that involved sacrificing others, would he be able to carry it out? He
glanced down at his seals and his vision winked for a second, seeing his bloodstained glove
covering his hand once more.
“Senpai, look out!”
At Mash’s scream, the two Masters looked behind them. A cloud of superheated smoke
rapidly approached them. Ren’s eyes widened. There was no way they could escape from

that. Once more, Mash moved between them and raised her shield, glowing with power as
prana began building around her once more.
“Lord Chaldeas!”
At her roar, the circles and emblems of light formed in front of her shield, causing the smoke
to crash and swirl all around them like a wave impacting against a solitary pillar of rock. Ren
and Morgana stayed behind her away from the worst of it, though the suffocating heat and
smoke left them both coughing and gagging. Ren, fighting for any breath he could as the
smoke roiled past them, looked once more at the seals.
What would the world cost?

----------

Jeanne ducked underneath a crumbled ruin of a house to avoid more of the prana blasts. They
had all been separated and had no way of locating or contacting the others. A few explosions
– most likely from either Archer or Kiyohime – lit up against the pillar, but all that did was
give the eyes a new target to focus on, blasting the area where the attack came from.
Approaching it was all but impossible as it kept billowing out superheated smoke. Already,
the pavement at the base was glowing bright red.
In short, no one could approach it and trying to attack it from far had proven to be useless.
Coordination was more or less impossible without all of them retreating, but they didn’t have
the luxury of time. This being was far more intelligent than Gilles de Rais and would
probably cause some other harm if they left it alone – that phrase about contacting the
collective didn’t bode well. What minimal pressure they were offering was doing enough to
keep it distracted. A small blessing that it was looking down on them.
A plan formulated in her head. There needed to be two factors: A way to approach or block
off attacks from Orobas, and an attack that would destroy him. Saber’s noble phantasm would
obliterate it, or perhaps a combination of Georgios and Siegfried’s noble phantasms. Or
perhaps everyone at once. Of course, that required everyone being here and being able to
coordinate – something she couldn’t exactly do at the moment. And if she tried to rally
everyone with her flag, Orobas would most likely shoot her down. She could approach it, but
she couldn’t do anything.
Unless…
She gripped her flag. It was now or never. If this was what must be done, then she would face
it head on. The Lord would see her path and trials through. And that of everyone else.
Especially Ren and Morgana. She broke out of cover and charged at Orobas. Once more,
superheated smoke roiled out as ruby eyes focused on her and fired prana blasts once more.
She raised her flag as she charged.

“Luminosite Eternelle!” she cried.
With that, a warm golden light shone from the heavens as the grace of God wrapped around
her. The smoke parted around her as they couldn’t breach His divine grace, and the blasts of
prana bent around her as well. Holding her flag aloft, she pushed forward. Her flag was
heavy, so unbearably heavy from His power as she marched forward. But this was yet another
trial. She wouldn’t falter, not when the others were dependent on her to light the way
forward. The smoke became even heavier and so did the prana blasts, but she wouldn’t yield.
He was by her, and He would see her through.
Before long, the smoke parted from her vision, revealing repulsive dark gray flesh. The
smoke billowed out, thicker than before. The golden glow of the Lord’s grace was starting to
fade away already. She could feel the heat of the semi-molten pavement underneath her feet.
At this range, she would be immediately incinerated. Her efforts would be in vain. But not
this day. She would make sure of that.
With a single movement, she planted the flag into the softened pavement below, rooting it in
place. Taking a deep breath, Jeanne reached to her side and drew her sword. She grasped the
blade itself with both hands as she knelt, pointing the pommel toward the sky. The heat from
the pavement rapidly warmed her grieves to nigh-unbearable levels, but she could tolerate it.
As she held the blade, the edge cut through her gauntlets and into her skin. Rivulets of blood
flowed down, steaming as drops hit the ground. “O Lord, I entrust this body to you,” she
prayed as prana gathered around her.
“La Pucelle!”
At her cry, flames erupted all around her, burning away the smoke as it rapidly spread.
Though Jeanne was at the center of the conflagration, she felt no heat, no pain. These were
the flames that had burned her away in life, and so they would burn her away ever after. In
exchange though, the flames were unstoppable, seeking to destroy whatever the saint deemed
necessary. This would be her final act here, and hopefully would grant salvation to everyone.
As the flames reached ever higher, they raced up the pillar of flesh that stood before her. It
roared in rage – its first show of actual emotion – as it redirected as many of its eyes as
possible to annihilate the saint. But it was too late. The flames blocked each and every blast
and burned away the smoke, as if they wouldn’t suffer the touch of the sinner on the Saint.
They were the flames that would purify and leave nothing in their wake.
But for Jeanne, she remained kneeling untouched on the ground as the fires of her noble
phantasm burned all around her. They parted, revealing the sky. Jeanne turned her gaze
skyward and raised her blade, the golden light of Heaven shining down and welcoming her.
The Lord was with her. He always was. As it shone brighter, her last thought was a prayer.
Please, my Lord, grant Chaldea your succor and aid in their trials to come.

----------

Ren wasn’t sure what exactly happened. One moment, he was choking for breath alongside
Morgana as Mash did her utmost to block the smoke, the next they were all bathed in a sea of
flames. All three of them recoiled in shock before realizing that they felt no heat or pain from
the flames whatsoever. They only burned away the smoke as the flames raced out, covering
the whole area.
Then a roar caught their attention and they turned toward Orobas – and their eyes widened as
the pillar was set aflame like a bonfire. “Error! Error!” it raged. “Unexpected variables
detected! Such incalculations must not be permitted! Revising error! Requesting revision to
the collective! Revisions denied! Variables deemed insignificant! Revisions unnecessary!
Requesting revision! Revision denied! Requesting revision! Request denied!”
Orobas’s eyes rolled about in panic. “Know this, humanity!” it boomed out. “You stand before
a precipice that has no bottom, a fate you have no power to defy! It is beyond useless!
Useless! Useless! You struggle and fight in vain! Know that the King of Mages shall not
tolerate your trespass! You will submit! And you shall perish! It…. Is…. Inevitable…!”
Finally, the roaring flames consumed the pillar utterly and before long, it dissolved away into
ashes.
As it did, a gleaming item revealed itself, dropping into a crater where the pillar had been.
After that, there was nothing. The silence that radiated all around them was deafening. Ren
gulped and hit the communicator. Roman’s pale, shocked face once more popped up on the
holographic screen. “Roman, what just happened?” Ren asked, barely able to get the words
out through his dry throat.
Roman tapped a few keys. “It, um, seemed like Jeanne used her noble phantasm,” he replied,
looking at the data. “Her noble phantasm, La Pucelle, conjures the flames that had killed her
in life. In exchange though, it… it sacrifices Jeanne’s life.”
At that news, Ren paled as Morgana, standing nearby, blanched. Jeanne sacrificed herself to
take down Orobas? The sight of a steel door closing in his face once more flashed before
him. With her, that made three people who had died for this: Marie, Mozart, and Jeanne. A
pit developed in his stomach and his throat tightened. He was the one who insisted on pulling
off this heist. Because of that, everything that had happened here…
“Ren,” Roman spoke up quietly. He had seen the Master’s expression and needed to shake
him out of it as soon as possible. “The singularity’s almost resolved. Retrieve the Grail.
And… for what it’s worth, you did great. As well as anyone could hope for.”
The Master of Chaldea scowled before forcing himself to smile. “Yeah, I guess,” he said, his
tone strained. “Not bad for a first time, especially given the situation. We’ll let you know
once we’ve recovered the Grail and you can get us out of here.” Before Roman could say
anything more, Ren turned off the communicator.
Morgana and Mash looked at him in concern as he did. “Ren?” Morgana asked gently, trying
to read his closest friend’s expression.

Still forcing a reassuring smile, he nodded to both of them. “Come on, guys,” he said. “Let’s
finish this and head back to Chaldea.” Before either of them could say anything, he walked
towards the crater, leaving the other two to look at each other before hesitatingly following
him.
Before long, they came to the crater. Spanning the diameter of the pillar from earlier, it was
edged with debris from all the ruined houses that were destroyed and shoved aside from its
growth. Ringed around it was the ground blackened with ash and soot from the smoke. The
crater itself was shallow, as if a giant hand had come and scooped out the dirt. The middle lay
the Grail.
The Servants had already gathered around it, keeping a watch. There was no sign of anyone
else approaching but it was better safe than sorry. “Hey guys!” Ren called out, raising a hand
to catch their attention, still with an easy smile plastered on his face. “Hope you guys weren’t
waiting for too long!” He was about to make a joke about traffic being horrible when his
peripheral vision landed on Kiyohime. No, better not. She might take that joke as a lie, and
frankly he had more than enough complications and pain to deal with.
Walking to the center, he picked up the Grail. It shone resplendently in his hand, showing no
trace of taint or malevolence despite being used by Gilles de Rais or transforming into
Orobas. If it wasn’t for everything they had just gone through, he would’ve even considered
it anticlimactic. But this Grail was something earned after this long campaign. His grip
tightened around the artifact.
This was just one out of many to come. Was this how it was going to be from now on?
A glow of light caught his eye. The Servants they had encountered from Orleans were
glowing, shedding particles of light. “It would appear we’ve fulfilled what we’ve been
summoned for,” Siegfried noted, looking at his hand. “The battle is over here. I thank you all
for your support, and once more I apologize for the trouble.” He smiled at the group.
“Chaldea, you are all noble souls,” he declared. “Should you summon me, I will once more
pledge my blade to your cause.”
“And mine as well,” Georgios agreed. “After witnessing your deeds, Ren Amamiya, I can
safely say you are no heretic. I shall lend my sword to your cause as well.” He glanced over
at Ren. “And if you are blaming yourself for Jeanne, don’t,” he said, giving a stern glance at
Ren. “She had made her decision and chosen to give her life so that we may succeed this day
and be ready for the next. It was her choice to make. It may not lighten your heart, but take
solace in that fact. It was not your mistake that caused her death.”
Ren blinked in surprise, his mask slipping for a brief second to reveal pure shock and raw
grief. He took a deep shuddering breath before it fell back into place. “Noted, Georgios,” he
replied, his smile even more strained than before. “Thanks for everything, you two. I’ll see
you when I see you.” With that, the two Servants faded away into golden dust.
“Ugh, really? Just at the beginning of my world tour?” Elizabeth snapped, stomping her foot.
“I didn’t even get a chance to throw a concert here! How am I supposed to get my adoring
fans now!” She glared at Ren. “Puppy, you promised me you’d make me an idol! I’m not
letting you off that easy, I guarantee that! I’ll see you soon!” With one final glare (and was

that a faint blush?), the draconic Lancer faded away, leaving Ren, Morgana, and Mash very
nonplussed.
“Hmph, that Lancer can do what she likes,” Kiyohime scoffed, her fan once more concealing
her mouth. “It is clear Anchin-sama is not here, despite what you have said, Master of
Chaldea.” She shot an ill-tempered glare at Ren, not noticing – or perhaps ignoring – the fact
that Saber and Archer had their blades at the ready, with Mash ready to intercept at a
moment’s notice.
“I shall search other lands for him,” she stated. “However, do not count on my assistance
again. I have no need for the company of liars around me. I shall find Anchin-sama on my
own. Farewell, and may the winds bear you to the fortune you deserve.” Then she turned, and
without a backward glance walked away, eventually scattering into nothing like all the others.
Now it was just the Chaldeans left: Ren, Morgana, Mash, Saber, and Archer. Ren took a deep
breath, then tapped the communicator. “Grail secured, doctor,” he reported in a tired voice.
“Beam us up.”
“A Star Trek reference, huh?” Roman replied, trying to match Ren’s failed attempt at humor
with a strained smile of his own. “Good work, you guys. Activating rayshift. We’ll see you
all shortly.”
The communication ended. Then they were surrounded by a flash of light, and Ren knew no
more.

----------

Collective reached. Transferring data. On standby. Awaiting conclusion.
The data was different than they had expected. The Servants were within calculations. The
Caster and his monstrosity were outside variables but were well within parameters. So was
the partial Servant. Even the failure of the construct was accounted for as well as the fall of
the singularity.
However, the two Masters were variables that were completely unexpected. Their powers
were negligible overall, even as something they had no data on. However, there was
something here that was… amiss. Their algorithms should be flawless. Their plans would
succeed no matter what. And yet…
What did mortals call this sensation? Unease? For the King’s plans, every variable must be
accounted for.
Another sensation stirred within them. A small remnant, plaintively wishing for something
beyond hopes. Beyond dreams. A plan formulated among their algorithms, a way to collect

data on these unknown variables. So they turned to the remnant. What do you want? they
asked. The remnant was silent for a moment and an eternity. Then it replied.
Another chance.
And by their will, the remnant’s wish was granted.

----------

The soft piano music once more reached Ren’s ears as his eyes opened again. He felt the hard
bunk against his back. Slowly, he stood up. It was a strange sensation – he had only been to
the Velvet Room a few days before, yet it felt like a lifetime ago now. Perhaps it was because
it was the one bit of familiarity compared to all the fantastical things that happened in
Orleans? Who could really say?
Shaking off his ruminations, he stepped out of his cell. Once more, Igor was at his desk with
Lavenza standing faithfully by his side, smiling. Igor was first to break the silence, raising his
hands and clapping. “Well done, my dear guest, well done!” he crowed. “You have
surmounted a challenge that reaches past humanity with surpassing cleverness and valor!
Truly, you are a most remarkable guest!”
Ren forced a smile on his face. He knew praise from anyone in the Velvet Room was
genuine, but despite that the words sounded completely hollow. “Thanks, Igor,” he replied,
once again forcing a smile on his face. “If the other singularities were like that, then it’ll be
tricky but I think we’ll pull through just fine. Thanks for all the help you’ve given me so far.”
However, his mask didn’t do much to fool either of them. Igor’s eyes fell as Lavenza’s smile
was replaced with a worried expression. Stepping forward, the little girl gently held Ren’s
hand. “You did all you could, my Trickster,” she reassured him, her bright yellow eyes
meeting Ren’s shocked grey ones. “The sacrifices of those Servants were not something you
could have prevented. There are many lives you have saved in that singularity, and many
more could have been lost were it not for your cleverness and decisive nature. Take heart in
that.”
Igor stared hard at Ren and sighed. “It would seem you need some further reassurance that
you have saved others,” he said. “Allow me to show you.” His perpetual grin widened a bit as
he raised a hand and curled his finger off to the side. A cell door opened, and a person
stepped out. A young woman with silver hair and brighter yellow eyes than she had before.
Her clothes were the same, though the yellow shades of her outfit were now the deep blue
shade of the Velvet Room.
Ren’s eyes widened as the girl folded her arms. “This is the life you have saved, and will now
be assisting you in the matters of singularities and magecraft,” Igor explained as his grin
widened. “She shall be your new attendant alongside Lavenza. Would you like to introduce
yourself, my dear?”

The girl gave an arid stare at Ren before sighing. “Well, if it wasn’t for everything I’ve
experienced and seen so far, I would’ve dismissed this all as a dream,” she grumbled. “But
it’s all a bit too real. Still, I owe you my life, and I will not so easily forget my debts.” She
drew herself up, her eyes meeting Ren’s. “I shall introduce myself again. I am Olga Marie
Animusphere. Director – or rather, former director of Chaldea. Now I’m an attendant of
this… Velvet Room. I look forward to working with you.”
The Master of Chaldea was speechless, blinking rapidly as he tried to process what was
happening. The last time he saw her, she was about to be cast into a giant ball of fire in
Fuyuki and he out of sheer desperation tried to save her. And now, here she was, about as
healthy and whole as she could be. There was the odd caveat that she was a Velvet Room
attendant now but other than that…
“Well?” she snapped as a small, embarrassed blush crept into her cheeks from being stared at.
“Are you going to answer me or are you going to keep gaping like a fish?!”
Ren blinked in surprise again before finally chuckling, regaining his composure. “As sharp as
ever, huh, director?” he asked, shooting a teasing grin at her as the girl blushed further. “Glad
to see you’re doing well. You look pretty good, all things considered.”
Olga cleared her throat, trying to shove the blush down from her cheeks. “Well, I have you to
thank for that,” she responded brusquely. “You have my gratitude for saving me from… from
the traitor, Lev Lainur.” It was clear that she had to force out the last few words. Nobody
commented on it, however. She still needed time.
“Henceforth, I shall put my all into assisting you,” she stated. “I have watched you maneuver
through the singularity and I must say, though your magecraft has improved, it is still sloppy.
A magus like you won’t be enough to get through all of them, especially if it gets any
tougher.” She paused, then blushed again. “Though g-given what y-you’ve been through wwith that s-singularity and that P-Palace, I’ll g-give you s-some praise,” she stammered. “Be
thankful.”
Suddenly, Ren was hit with a sense of deja-vu. In front of him stood a little girl, wearing a
faded blue guard uniform with an eyepatch on her eye and hair buns curled up on the sides.
Then he blinked, and it was Olga again. He had to chuckle in amusement. How familiar.
“Thanks, director,” he replied with a grin. “I’ll be counting on you.”
The attendant blinked and blushed even more, coughing into a fist. “J-just call me Olga, AAmamiya,” she replied. “As I s-stated, I’m the f-former d-director now, so th-that title
doesn’t m-mean anything.”
He nodded. “Olga it is then,” he responded easily, causing the girl to blush even further.
Lavenza cleared her throat nearby. “Unfortunately, Olga has much to learn as a Velvet Room
attendant,” she spoke up, her tone a bit more clipped. “It shall be a while before she shall be
able to assist you with your requirements within the Velvet Room. For now, my Trickster, I
shall continue assisting you with whatever you require here.”

Her annoyed gaze softened as she opened the Compendium, revealing the transparent pages.
“The singularity will take time to resolve,” she explained, smiling. “But until then, you shall
have access to your personas it allows you. Your strength is returning to you, my Trickster.”
Ren nodded, feeling relieved. Honestly, with the singularity resolved, he had been wondering
what would happen to the personas he utilized, like Metatron, Satan, or Pixie. To still have
them was a giant weight off his mind. As much as he liked and used Arsene, just him would
limit his options far too much. Having a collection of personas, even as limited as this, was a
gigantic boon. “Good to know,” he replied gratefully.
“Now, I believe it is time, my dear guest,” Igor spoke up. “New trials will await you not just
in the singularities, but in Chaldea as well. Once again, I must reiterate, do remember to build
your bonds with not just Servants, but those at Chaldea as well. They shall be your strength
in the days to come.”
He nodded, but before he could turn back to his cell, Olga spoke up. “One moment,
Amamiya,” she said, catching the Phantom Thief’s attention. “When you speak with Roman
and Da Vinci, let them know I’m safe. And if they doubt you, tell them these words: ‘Stars,
Cosmos, Gods, Animus, Antrum, Unverse, Anima, Animusphere.’ They will believe you then.
Do not forget these words in that order!”
Ren blinked with surprise but nodded regardless. It was a rather odd sequence of words but
he made sure to commit them to memory. “I’ll be sure to tell them,” he reassured the former
director with a smile. He glanced at the other residents of the Velvet Room. “See you guys
soon.” With that, he walked into the cell as the walls faded away into darkness.
Chaldea awaited him.

Chapter End Notes

Once more, discord here:
https://discord.gg/EGBD2vt9

Chapter 34: Return
Chapter Summary

Coming back home doesn't meant here aren't any more surprises.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

With a whirlwind of light, Mash found herself staring at the inside of the Coffin back in
Chaldea. The door soon opened, allowing fresh air into the tiny chamber. She stepped out of
the pod, the feel of solid floor beneath her temporarily foreign to her. She had changed back
into her Chaldean uniform – coat, black shirt, red tie, glasses. She looked around, seeing the
computers orbiting CHALDEAS, the jagged blue walls above, and the holographic globe.
Roman immediately left his workstation and approached the coffins as the other four opened
as well. Saber and Archer stepped out, none the worse for wear, but senpai and Mr. Morgana
practically stumbled out, much to everyone’s concern. The doctor immediately rushed to
them. “Ren? Morgana?” he asked, kneeling down, gently lifting Ren’s face to look at his eyes
and pallor before doing the same to Morgana.
Senpai blearily looked up at Roman and forced another smile. “Don’t worry, doc, nothing
wrong,” he mumbled out as he staggered up – with the doctor’s help. “Just… really, really
drained right now. I don’t wanna delay the debriefing, but me and Morgana need to rest up. I
don’t suppose we can push it til tomorrow, or…”
The doctor hesitated, then nodded. “Alright,” he acceded. “You and Morgana take some time
off. When you’re ready for the debriefing, let me know. Good work you two.” Then he
looked back and forth. “And where are the Grails?” he asked out of curiosity.
Mash blinked, then summoned her shield back and pulled out the Grail they had gotten from
the doppelganger’s Palace. “Here’s one, doctor!” she called out, holding it up. Senpai’s eyes,
in the meantime, widened. He checked his pockets and within his jacket – an unlikely case
given how large it was. She looked over to Morgana, who was also frantically checking his
own pouches as well.
The Grail was gone.
Roman’s face fell, then he turned to the other staff at their computers. “Did anyone catch
anything amiss during the rayshift back?” he asked, looking about. “Any odd energy
signatures or shifts in temporal space?” He turned back to Ren and Morgana, giving them a
strained smile. “Something must have happened during the rayshift back,” he told them.
“Now both of you, get some rest. You two look utterly exhausted. We’ll take it from here.”

The shielder was surprised that Roman was so quick to excuse them as opposed to asking any
more questions. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed that one of the staff was about to
protest when they were silenced with a sharp glare from Da Vinci, still standing next to
Roman’s workstation. Now that she looked over, she also saw Lancer and Rider there as well,
watching the proceedings.
As Ren and Morgana shambled past the two to the door, Rider gave them a small nod of
acknowledgement while Lancer grinned and smacked Ren in the back – nearly accidentally
bowling him over – and yelled, “Bang up job, kid!” Senpai flashed Cu a tired grin and
thanked him before disappearing with Morgana from the Command Center.
Once they left, the quartet of Servants converged on each other, conversing in low tones. Too
low for her ears to hear. Whatever discussion they wanted must’ve been private. In the
meantime, Mash walked up to Roman’s workstation where Da Vinci was going through the
data of the rayshift with a scrutinizing eye. “Um, where should I put this…” she quietly
asked, holding up the Grail.
The Caster blinked as she looked up, then beamed at Mash. “I can take that~” she chirped,
holding out a hand. The shielder handed over the Grail, who then put it on the workstation as
she went back to the data. “Now, while I’m dying of curiosity to know what adventures
you’ve been on with the ragazzo and gatto, I do believe you need some rest as well. So off
you go, Mash~!”
Mash blinked in surprise. “Oh, no, I’m not that tired,” she quickly denied, shaking her head.
“Is there anything I can do to help? Although if…” She pondered her next words, then
decided to speak her mind. “If you think that senpai or Mr. Morgana stole the Grail,” she
continued, her voice lowering to a soft murmur. “I don’t think that’s the case. None of us –
me, Archer, or Saber, saw them do anything with it. And I don’t think they would be the type
to do so.”
Da Vinci stared at Mash, blinking, then burst out laughing. The girl could only blink in
surprise. That wasn’t the reaction she expected at all. “Oh, Mash, my dear, you are so
precious!” she laughed, wiping tears from her eyes. Mash couldn’t do much except to wait
until she settled down, completely caught off guard by her laughing – and drawing the gazes
of some of the staff, as well as Roman.
Once she calmed down, she beamed at the shielder. “Please, I’m not laughing at you, Mash,”
she reassured her. “I truly do thank you for your consideration in telling me this. However,
neither me nor Roman suspected the two from the start. No, those two are not the type in the
slightest.”
The shielder had been with Da Vinci long enough to catch that mischievous gleam in her eye.
She tilted her head quizzically. “Do you know something?” she asked.
The self-proclaimed genius chuckled again. “All in due time, Mash, all in due time~” she
replied cryptically. “Now, off you go. Get some rest. We have a busy day tomorrow, and we’ll
need to be fresh for it. Even geniuses need their beauty sleep – that’s one issue even I had to
bend my knee on in life. We’ll find the cause of this error, never fear.”

Blinking, Mash looked back over at the staff, still hard at work at their computers. Roman
looked up and caught her staring. Despite how tired he looked, he flashed her a happy smile
and a thumbs up before looking over at the staff’s computer screen again, discussing the
various readings. Deciding there was nothing else for it, she bowed to Da Vinci and left the
Command Center as well.
Walking down the halls of Chaldea felt odd to her. She had been in Orleans for the last couple
days or so, getting used to the rustic environments, the ruined cities and buildings, and the
lush, grassy plains and meadows. The sights, the smells, the sensations of wood, grass,
pavement… And of course, the ever-present sound of distant wyverns roaring in the distance.
And now, walking by the pale blue walls of Chaldea, breathing the odorless recycled air, her
heeled feet clacking against the marbled floor of the facility… Even though they just left,
Orleans felt like a distant dream to her, to the point where she caught herself wondering if she
had even gone at all. A robot hummed as it wheeled by her, breaking the monotony of sound
and sight. She watched it as it rolled past her.
Definitely a curious feeling.
Reaching her room, she quietly entered. Her own room was bare, save for a bookshelf filled
with books and a bedside table with a volume of Sherlock Holmes laying on it. A small
Chaldea-issued laptop sat on a table with a stack of DVDs beside it – Roman’s choices that
he leant to her to watch when she wished to do so. She really had no need for personal
effects. The books were requests she made of Roman and Da Vinci, and they simply gave her
the books to read from the comfort of her own room as opposed to constantly going to the
library.
Mash quietly hung up her lab coat before taking her wardrobe – another set of her lab
uniform – and hanging it on a rack near the shower. Stripping off her own clothes, she
stepped in and turned on the hot water, allowing the warmth to rush over her. Then she
blinked in surprise.
She hadn’t bathed the entire time she was in Orleans. Up until this point, she hadn’t realized
just how… comfortable bathing like this could be. Of course, she had showered countless
times like this before, but this was a newer sensation. Running her hands through her hair,
she allowed the water to help run some of the grime and grease off before reaching for the
shampoo.
Mash had to wonder as she washed, did senpai and Mr. Morgana feel the same after coming
back from Orleans? Was this kind of warmth and comfort something they had gotten used to
a long while ago, or did they feel the same thing she did right now? Well, it was perhaps
something she could ask later. Right now, the two of them needed their rest. Even she, with
her demi-Servant capabilities, was feeling rather exhausted from the sheer number of battles
she had been through today.
Finally finishing up, she stepped out of the shower, grabbing a nearby towel to dry herself off
before donning on her clothes once more. Her laundry she dumped into a chute in the wall
that led to the laundromat down below. She glanced over at the laptop with the DVDs. No,

she needed to rest. It would be better to read first and wait until her hair dried off a bit before
getting some sleep.
However, as she reached for the book on the bedside table, alarm klaxons started going off,
startling her. Without hesitation, she slapped the scanner beside her door and took off down
the hall, immediately transforming into her demi-Servant grab, her shield in her hand.
Rushing into the Command Center, she found the four Servants already there (had they even
left?) with their weapons out, facing the far side of the room. Roman and the other staff had
already evacuated near the door, with Da Vinci guarding them. She brushed past the other
staff, moving beside Da Vinci (and behind the Servants) with her shield raised. “What’s
going on, Da Vinci?” she asked, bewildered.
The Caster’s smile had dropped once more as she faced the intruders. “It seems we had some
rogue Servants following you through the rayshift,” she replied. Her tone was still light but
now edged with tension. “We don’t know if they’re hostile or not, so we set the alarm off just
in case. We don’t have any security robots on hand – Lev took special time to destroy them,
apparently – but the Servants here have thankfully been rather prompt.”
Mash blinked in surprise before looking over her shield at the intruders. There were two
figures standing there, both of them Servants. One of them was the draconic Lancer,
Elizabeth – who had her hands held up in a gesture of surrender. Her words didn’t exactly
match her actions, however.
“Hey, hey, put those weapons down,” she snapped, glaring at the others. “I’m not here to
fight! Puppy has a promise to fulfill for me and I’m gonna make sure he does it! I don’t care
about fighting you guys or anything!” She glanced at her companion as she edged a bit
further away from her. “And I’m certainly NOT with her!” she yelled. Mash looked at who
Elizabeth was talking about – and her eyes widened.
Before anyone else could say anything, Ren and Morgana stumbled through the collection of
staff to the front. Though they were bleary eyed, they still had their weapons on hand and
their eyes set on whatever was the problem ahead. Ren’s eyes had turned that shade of red
she had seen before whenever he got serious, and despite Morgana’s diminutive stature, he
was no less ready or hostile than Ren was.
As the two approached, they took in the new arrivals – and just like Mash, their eyes widened
in surprise as well. Beside Elizabeth was a young woman in dark clothes and armor, with
dark metal greaves and gauntlets. She wore a headpiece as well. Her skin was a deathly white
pallor and she had sickly yellow eyes, with short hair so pale it was almost white. It was clear
who it was and why Elizabeth was more than happy to throw her under the proverbial bus.
It was the doppelganger.
Speaking of the doppelganger, she stood there with her arms crossed, glaring at them. Other
than that, she hadn’t summoned her flag or drew her sword. If anything, she looked more
annoyed at everything. She glanced up at the two approaching Masters and nodded. “Well,
about time someone showed up that can make sense of everything,” she grumbled, lowering

her arms. Just that simple motion had the Servants raising their weapons a bit higher, much to
the doppelganger’s irritation.
“What are you doing here?” were the first words out of Ren’s mouth. Although shocked, his
pistol and Morgana’s slingshot were trained on her regardless, and his eyes were still that
shade of red. In the meantime, Elizabeth tried edging away more from the doppelganger to
sneak out of the crossfire – and froze when Rider turned her slightly toward her direction.
The doppelganger looked at them and sighed. “Look, I screwed up,” she replied bluntly.
“Killed a lot of people – some deserving, many not so much. If you guys wanna kill me on
the spot, well, can’t exactly say I don’t deserve that. Hell, it wasn’t even for something that
happened to me personally – I’m just some damn construct fucking Gilles de Rais made of
the real Jeanne d’Arc. So, made a wish to at least make up for it and, well, here I am.”
Ren and Morgana blinked in surprise. Saber glanced in their direction. “This outcome came
from your efforts, Masters,” she noted, still holding her blade raised. “What do you make of
this?”
Morgana frowned, not lowering his slingshot either. “Honestly, after a change of heart, we
usually didn’t have to deal with our targets again,” he replied. “A lot of times they basically
tossed themselves into jail. The only times we dealt with targets afterward were…
exceptional circumstances.” That being said, this whole situation was an exceptional
circumstance. Changing the heart of a Servant was something they had never done before.
After all, many Servants were defined by their distortions, be it directly or indirectly.
Archer frowned. He heard something interesting in what the doppelganger had told them.
“Romani,” he called out. “Can you check and see if you can find traces of the Orleans Grail
on this doppelganger?” Roman blinked at Archer’s instructions but immediately went over to
his workstation to do so. Everyone lowered their weapons a bit, though they were still ready
to attack if necessary.
Roman tapped a few keys on his computer, running some scans within the control room. He
frowned as he analyzed the data… then widened. “Th-the prana from the Orleans Grail…” he
gasped. “There’s t-traces on the d-doppelganger there. And these readings…” His eyes shot
up to stare at the new Servant. “Sh-she’s an incarnated Servant!”
That caused almost everyone’s eyes to widen and stare at the doppelganger – except Ren and
Morgana. “Wait, incarnated?” Ren asked. “What does that mean?”
“Masters, as you’ve been told, we are not permanent existences on this world,” Rider
murmured, her calm, low tone betrayed only by the harder grip on her chained spikes. “When
our supply of prana is cut off, we lose our anchor and return to the Throne of Heroes. We are,
at best, ephemeral beings here designed to bring our Masters victory and fade away.”
Rider turned a bit more towards the doppelganger, her eyes still covered by the metallic
blindfold. “However, through a large amount of prana and mystery, such as a Grail, Servants
can be given a new mortal body and remain on this world, even when the Grail War is over.
They do not require a supply of prana any longer, as they are able to generate and utilize their
own.”

“So, what you’re saying is…” Morgana summarized slowly. “That this doppelganger is not a
Servant anymore, but an actual person?!” The Servants didn’t say anything. Neither did
Roman, Da Vinci, nor any of the other staff. That was all the answer they needed. This was
an even bigger problem – Servants may be ephemeral existences, but they still had trouble
reconciling with killing them given how much they were like actual people, including having
shadows and Palaces.
And if the doppelganger was now an actual person…
“Masters, are you sure you wish to do this?” Saber asked sternly. “We do not know if we can
trust her or not – only earlier, she was ready to kill all of us and resume her campaign against
all of France.”
Ren and Morgana debated. They haven’t really dealt with anyone after a change of heart. The
closest was Nakamura for a bit after they dealt with his shadow in Mementos, and Futaba
whose Palace was… unique among all the others.
Then they remembered the doppelganger shouting at Gilles to stand down, and remembered
her fate being devoured by one of those monstrosities. The change of heart had an effect, and
no one deserved such a cruel fate. They glanced at each other and made their choice. Ren
sheathed his gun and Morgana put away his slingshot. Both Saber and Archer breathed out in
frustration but slowly put away their weapons as well. Lancer and Rider looked about in
surprise, standing up though sheathing their weapons either.
“Well, if you’re genuine about helping us out, we can’t exactly turn you down,” Ren replied,
forcing a smile on his face. Mash was nearby, still with her shield up in case the
doppelganger tried anything. He walked forward and held out his hand for her to shake.
“Welcome to Chaldea,” he greeted her genuinely.
The doppelganger looked down at his hand, then back at the owner’s eyes, then gently
pushed away his hand. “Don’t try that shit with me,” she grumbled. Rather than being
annoyed, she seemed infinitely weary and even a bit sorrowful. “You don’t consider me a
friend, and frankly none of you lot should. I’m here to make up for my mistakes and carve
my own path from it. No more, no less. I’ll fight by your side and work with all of you, but
you don’t need to treat me as such.”
That declaration caught everyone off guard. The doppelganger didn’t seem to be lying or
giving a false front. Frankly, this was new to all of them. “Well, perhaps… we should give
her a chance?” Mash suggested hesitatingly, slowly lowering her shield. “If senpai’s methods
have truly worked, then perhaps it would be a disservice to deny her help. We truly could use
all the help we could.”
Everyone took a second to deliberate. Saber looked back at the doppelganger. “For now, we
shall keep you under watch,” she sternly replied. “You may have been granted a second life,
but the moment you intentionally endanger our mission, we shall not hesitate to take it in a
second. Are we understood? Now, state your name and class.”
Both Ren and Morgana looked in shock at Saber but quickly turned back, masking their
expressions the best they could. She was right – if the doppelganger ended up being a threat,

she needed to be dealt with as quickly as possible. They wanted to argue, but none of them
could come up with a counter – a Servant was far more dangerous than a regular human, and
by the time they could find a non-lethal way to deal with her, she could seriously damage
Chaldea, possibly beyond repair.
And with it any chance of seeing their friends and family ever again.
The doppelganger sighed. “Fair enough,” she accepted without any hint of argument. “I’m
known as Jeanne d’Arc Alter – though call me by my Servant class, Lancer. I’d rather not be
associated with that saint if it can be helped. I’m an incarnated Servant, but I can still fight,
so if you need me on the front lines, then I’ll fight.”
“Oi, not sure if that’s gonna work, girlie,” Cu replied, whirling his Gae Bolg up into a
standing position. The others lowered their weapons as well. “I’m a Lancer – and the dragon
girl over there’s also a Lancer.” He nodded to Elizabeth who managed to sneak far away to
press herself up against a wall, well away from any crossfire should things turn ugly. “And I
doubt we’re gonna be the only Lancers. You sure you don’t got a name you wanna go by?”
Ren thought for a second, then suggested, “What about Joan? For now, anyway – if you don’t
like it and you have another name you like, then you can switch it out and let us know.”
The doppelganger swiveled around and for a second, almost seemed ready to gut Ren then
and there. The other Servants raised their weapons again while Mash moved between the two
with her shield already up. After a tense second, the doppelganger sighed. “You had to call
me that anyway, huh?” she grumbled, looking more than irritated. “Fine. Joan it is. So long as
it’s a temporary name, then I don’t give a shit.”
Everyone relaxed again, lowering their weapons. It seemed the matter was settled, one way or
another. “Hey, Rider,” Morgana asked, looking up at the tall, purple-haired woman. The
Servant turned towards Morgana in askance. “I don’t suppose you could set Joan up with a
room? We’d do it ourselves but, well, we’re still kinda bushed from Orleans.”
The Rider hesitated for a second before nodding. “Of course, Masters,” she acknowledged.
She turned to Joan. “Please, follow me this way.” Without waiting, she began walking to the
door. After a moment’s hesitation, the new Lancer followed as well, the staff parting for her
as the two Servants passed by. They stepped out, and everyone listened as their footsteps
grew fainter and fainter.
After a few more seconds, Roman took a deep breath. “Alright everyone, excitement’s over,”
he called out. “Let’s get back to work. Though if you need to take ten after what just
happened, that’s fine – I’m not counting. Just don’t take too long.” The staff, broken out of
the reverie, murmured among themselves. Some of them went back to their stations, some of
them left the Command Center to whatever places offered recreation or relaxation.
Meanwhile, Ren smiled at Mash. “Thanks for protecting us, Mash,” he replied earnestly.
The shielder blinked in surprise. Even though senpai had complimented her multiple times
already, each and every time still caught her off guard. “It’s no problem, senpai,” she replied

humbly as she blushed. “I’m just thankful you and Mr. Morgana weren’t harmed. It would’ve
been terrible if any bloodshed occurred after our return to Chaldea.”
Senpai nodded, his smile fading a bit as he looked at the door where the two Servants walked
out. “Yeah, same here,” he muttered. Mash looked curiously up at him. His handsome
features were pensive and grim, as if contemplating yet another moral or world-turning
conundrum. How many of those decisions did he have to wrestle, she wondered. Now and
before? Just what was his and Mr. Morgana’s life before Chaldea?
“We better get some sleep, Ren,” Morgana commented, yawning as he stretched. With a
quick flash, he turned back into his cat form as opposed to his more humanoid form. “It’s
been a really, really long day. I think we deserve some R&R, at least for a bit.”
Ren nodded with a weary smile. He looked back up at Mash. “You get some rest too,” he
suggested. “You’ve been through as much as we have. Same for you, Saber. Archer.”
The two Servants nodded. “We do not tire like humans do, but we shall take your suggestion
regardless,” Saber replied. “Please, see to yourselves first, Masters. Rest well and be prepared
for a new day tomorrow.”
“That’s totally not ominous,” Morgana grumbled before heading out of the Command Center,
followed by Ren.
Mash watched them leave, then walked to Roman as the other Servants also left, their
presence no longer needed. “Should I keep a watch on Joan?” she asked curiously.
Roman sagged in his chair, massaging his temples as he shook his head. “No, Rider should be
covering her,” he replied. “But don’t work too hard, Mash – you gotta take better care of
yourself. You need to get some rest too. Honestly, all of us do.”
“Are you really in a position to talk, Roman?” Da Vinci commented, raising a skeptical
eyebrow at the doctor. Roman in turn could only chuckle sheepishly. The Caster shook her
head and looked at Mash. “Get some rest, Mash,” she told her kindly. “In the meantime, I’ll
see to getting our interim director here some actual rest and make sure his veins aren’t
completely filled with caffeine instead of blood.”
“I’m pretty sure that’s physically impossible – ow ow ow ow ow.” Roman was interrupted as
a smiling Da Vinci pulled at his ear out of his chair. “C-careful, y-you’re going to yank i-it
off!”
“Yes, and your smart tongue as well if you don’t behave,” she replied, her smile growing in
proportion to the air of annoyance around her. “Now come along, let’s get you to bed.”
Overriding Roman’s protestations, she proceeded to drag him out of the Command Center,
still holding him by the ear. His pained yelps echoed through the hallways before finally
disappearing.
Everyone, including Mash, sighed. Some things never change.
—-------

Olga leafed through the Compendium within the Velvet Room, frowning as she went through
the different pages. She had taken up training under Igor and Lavenza so that she could be of
service as an attendant. Part of that was going over just precisely what these powers were and
what Ren could and couldn’t do. It wasn’t exactly easy going - she hadn’t expected a course
as rigorous as something from the Clock Tower. But then, given he had abilities that most
mages would turn green with envy, it should’ve been expected.
Frankly, what she saw from the Compendium already boggled her mind to no end. Records of
divine spirits, demons, even fae or other mythological creatures. And apparently, the current
pages were the only ones he had access to at the moment, as the power was linked to the ‘Sea
of Souls’, or the collective unconsciousness of humanity. Frankly, as soon as she heard that,
she almost collapsed on the spot. Such a source of power was almost unfathomable to her – it
was borderline True Magic.
“Personas are born from the strength of the heart,” Lavenza explained, standing beside her.
“Every person has a shadow to them – a subconscious self that the conscious self refuses to
acknowledge. Once that shadow self is recognized, it becomes that person’s Persona,
allowing them to wield great power. They will often take the form of some figure that
represents the bearer’s will, be it Rebellion or Truth or some other ideal.”
With a wave of her hand, transparent images of various beings came into view: A woman in a
vibrant red dress stepping on a figure with a heart-shaped head, a pirate with a skull for a
head surfing on a miniature pirate ship, an imperious looking man with a pompadour striking
a kabuki pose. “Though much like anything else, they require discipline and experience to
hone,” she continued explaining. “Wild Cards – like Ren Amamiya – can switch between
different personas and even bring shadows to his side as his own. I believe you experienced
that partially, did you not?”
Olga nodded. It was… an odd experience, to put it mildly. It felt like her existence was
diminished to a speck of dust, barely able to think let alone breathe or function. She had lost
all sense of time in that form, only eventually waking up within the Velvet Room – and
shrieking bloody murder until Lavenza finally got tired and used some sort of mystery to
silence her. And whatever mystery it was, it certainly wasn’t magecraft. At least, none she
could identify off the cuff.
But now she had been given a second lease on life. After everything that happened, after all
her failures, Ren had decided to save her. The least she could do was to repay him in some
form or manner. However, for some reason, the lessons weren’t sinking in as they should.
Her head felt more and more muddled as she tried, and that frustrated her all the more.
Sighing in frustration, she flipped back to the first page to start from scratch.
Lavenza tilted over to get a better view of Olga’s expression, before reaching over to place a
small hand on Olga’s own, catching her attention. “Do not force your studies like this,” she
admonished gently. “It will not do to have you make a careless mistake out of impatience and
desperation. Not from one as brilliant as you.” She smiled gently. “Our Trickster will require
our aid before long, and so we shall be prepared for him, both in mind and knowledge. Never
fear.”

The former director blinked in surprise, then huffed, looking away with a brush of her hair.
“Yes, of course,” she replied. “I’ve merely been… preoccupied with thoughts since I got
here. I’ll be ready for Amamiya when he shows up next.”
Occupied was a very mild way of putting it. There was the cognitive world, which was
apparently another layer to the world like the Reverse Side of the World, there were shadows
and Personas, and of course, the Velvet Room itself – a place ‘between dreams and reality,
mind and matter’, according to Igor. The two had made it extremely clear they were making a
huge exception by housing Olga here instead of letting her fade away, and for good reason –
any magi worth their salt in the Clock Tower would be drooling over literally everything she
was finding out here and would possibly devastate humankind on a cognitive level.
Of course, even if she wasn’t confined to the Velvet Room, she had no plans to utilize this
knowledge in the Moonlit World. It wasn’t worth it, not with what was and could be at stake.
Olga blinked in surprise as Lavenza took the Compendium back gently from her hands,
closing it. “Perhaps a change of pace is in order,” she suggested, looking up at her. “If you
wish, you may watch the Trickster’s trials and tribulations to have a better understanding of
what he has gone through? It may hone your interactions with him in the future.”
She considered it for a second. Ren Amamiya and Morgana have honestly been complete,
utter enigmas to her. Magecraft that wasn’t magecraft, skills and experience far beyond any
ordinary citizen or even magus, a honed sense of justice and morality that just wasn’t found
in most people. She didn’t have access to Chaldea’s records, but even just a casual perusal
through the records in the past didn’t show anything out of the ordinary or indicting. Any
answer was better than just muddling through like this.
Coming to only one conclusion, she nodded to Lavenza, who smiled in turn. “Very well,” she
acknowledged. “Allow me to show you, then, a small portion of what the Trickster has
undergone. I will show you more in due time, but for now, it is best to start from the
beginning.” With that, she waved her hand once more, and a haze filled the air. And with that,
Olga watched, and learned.
—------Nights in this little corner of the world usually weren’t anything out of the ordinary,
especially during the spring. Owls hooted in the distance as a car driving by echoed through
the empty streets. The neighborhood was lit up with people in their residences, living out
their lives. It was getting warm, a prelude to the scorching hot summers that came with the
change of seasons. It was a peaceful, still night.
Yawning, the boy walked along the empty street. He had been over at a friend’s house for a
study session and it had gone a bit longer than usual that night. His friend’s parents had
offered him to stay over for dinner, but he couldn’t – he promised his folks he would be home
in time for dinner. So off he went. His backpack was laden with notebooks and textbooks.
Perhaps he should review math a bit more. There were definitely a few equations he definitely
had trouble remembering –

Then he heard a scuffle further down the street. It sounded like a woman struggling? He
heard a man’s growl as well. Picking up his pace, he began running down the street towards
the source of the commotion. It got louder and louder until he could see what was going on –
a bald man in a suit, pulling at a woman by the wrist. “You damn bitch, get in the car!” he
snarled, pulling fiercely.
“Stop, let me go!” she cried, desperately trying to free herself from him.
The boy grit his teeth. What the hell was this guy doing?! No way in hell was he going to
stand around and let this happen. Taking his hands out of his pockets, he began marching up
to the two. He wasn’t sure what he would do but at the very least, he couldn’t just stand by.
His movement caught the attention of the two – particularly the man. He stumbled away from
the woman, glaring at him. Even in the low light, the boy could see his flushed face. The man
was drunk.
“What’re you looking at?” he slurred. “Get out of my face! This ain’t a show, kid. Get lost!”
He had never done this before, risking his neck in such a manner. Standing up to bullies for
others was one thing, but not an adult. Still, he held his ground, clenching his hands into
fists. Still, he was frozen in place. He wasn’t sure what to do – perhaps call the cops? Shove
the man away? Grab the woman and run? There were a lot of choices but he froze from the
indecision.
“Didn’t you hear me, kid?” the man growled. “I said get lost!” He raised a fist and
staggered forward. The boy’s eyes widened, but the man was slow and uncoordinated. It was
a simple matter of stepping aside and letting the man punch right past him. Losing his
balance, the man fell headfirst onto the paved road with a pained groan, his orange
sunglasses sliding past on the ground.
The man growled as he stood back up, holding his face. His hand pulled away – revealing a
small wound on his forehead that flowed with blood. “Damn brat, I’ll sue!” he snarled.
The woman he had been molesting stepped forward, clearly shaken but glaring at the man in
turn. “Then I’ll report about the money! Is that fine with you?!” she cried. The boy blinked in
surprise. Money? What money?
The man scoffed. “All I have to say is that you did it on your own and it’s over,” he replied
flatly. Apparently, that had the desired effect as the woman’s eyes widened and she took a step
back. Police sirens became audible and were steadily growing louder and louder. The
drunkard cursed. “Damn, someone called the cops,” he grumbled. “Well, doesn’t matter –
they’re my bitches anyway.” He glared at the woman again. “Hey, make this statement: ‘This
kid suddenly attacked me.’ Got it?”
That demand took both Ren and the woman off guard. “If you try to say anything else, you’re
done for,” he growled, a smirk forming on his face. “You know that, right?” The woman took
another step back, her eyes watering with tears, unable to form an answer.
The boy rounded on the drunkard. “That’s bullshit,” he snapped. “You fell on your own!”

The man glared at Ren in turn. “Shut up,” he retorted. “You’re done for. You’re gonna learn
what happens when you cross me.”
The boy could only stare in horror, but hope leaped in his heart when two police officers
came up from behind the man. There they were! They were saved! They just needed to get the
stories straight, the man would be arrested, and both him and the woman were home free!
Then that feeling sank into horror as the policemen recognized the man, calling him ‘sir’.
The man turned to the woman, asking her to tell the policeman what happened. The boy
turned to the woman with wide eyes. She couldn’t possibly be doing this! He was just trying
to help her; she wouldn’t go and give a false accusation and turn him in“That young man suddenly attacked him,” she told them, facing away from the police
officers. “He shoved this gentleman to the ground. And this man… got injured.”
The sheer shock and horror overwhelmed all other memories he had of the evening. The only
thing he remembered after that was the feel of cuffs around his wrists behind his back and
behind shoved into a police car. He remembered nothing else.
—------Mash shot awake, gasping for breath. She reached up to rub her eyes. Tears had been rolling
down her face. That dream… was it a dream? It felt so real. She held her chest, trying to slow
down her pounding heart. She could feel his shock and horror like it was her own. The boy
she saw - he looked so similar yet felt so different. Was this before everything that happened
to him? When he was just an ordinary young man? Was it truly him?
“Senpai…?”

Chapter End Notes

Discord here per usual:
https://discord.gg/EGBD2vt9
Oh, and here's the Servant sheet for Lancer Jalter, courtesy of soulMatter:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M_8ks8v9NmIUXax_udWS9bIiZ9HQLB_jp3bhb
PCQi6g/edit?usp=drivesdk

Chapter 35: Curry and Chill
Chapter Summary

The day after coming back from a mission poses its own difficulties.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren was exhausted.
It couldn’t be helped. Neither he nor Morgana had slept particularly well that night despite
being bone tired. Once morning came about (or rather, a simulated morning that came with a
gradual brightening of the lights), the two of them were more or less already awake.
Nightmares had plagued them throughout the night, followed by fitful sleep. Even Morgana,
who normally was an early to bed, early to rise kind of cat, was grumbling and tried to roll
back over to sleep some more.
He sighed, rubbing his eyes. There had been no Velvet Room trip that night – probably to
give him an opportunity to rest his mind as well as body. Not that it did much good. Still, he
was thankful to Igor, Lavenza, and Olga for their consideration. He really wasn’t well
equipped to deal with the day overall. He was about to roll over when his door pinged. Who
could it be at this time?
Getting out of bed, he shuffled over to the door, yawning as he tried to blink the sleep from
his eyes. Opening the door, he was greeted by the familiar sight of lilac hair and a cute,
bespeckled face. Mash beamed up at him before immediately blinking in shock. “Good
morning, senpai,” she greeted cordially, peering concernedly at his face. “Are you alright?
You look terrible.”
Ren chuckled as he fought back another yawn. “Yeah, sorry Mash,” he apologized, pasting on
a grin as he leaned against the doorframe. “Neither me nor Morgana slept that well last night.
We’ll be up in a second though – just… give us some time to actually wake up properly and
get some caffeine in our system. What’s on the agenda today?”
The shielder blinked in surprise, then shook her head. “There’s nothing on the agenda,
senpai,” she reassured him. “So if you’re that tired, you should go back and get some rest. It’s
not healthy to be suffering from a lack of sleep. Many mistakes have been attributed to it,
studies have shown.”
The Master blinked, then chuckled again. “You’re pretty studious, Mash,” he commented,
grinning in appreciation. “You definitely remind me of someone else I know.” His smile
faded as his memories flashed again. In front of him stood a girl slightly shorter than him,

with short brown hair and a stern face, though just as prone to flush in embarrassment. He
blinked again and saw Mash once more, staring at him in surprise.
“What about that debriefing though?” he asked, frowning slightly. “Won’t Roman get mad
that I’m putting that off?”
Mash shook her head. “I’ll speak to the doctor,” she replied. “I believe he said when you’re
ready for the debriefing, not that it needs to be done today. I’ll inform him you’re in no
condition to do so today. Please, get some rest. You too, Mr. Morgana.” She directed the last
words to Morgana, who had stumbled up in cat form and was leaning against Ren’s leg,
blinking sleepily.
“Sounds – sounds good,” Morgana replied, yawning. “Come on, Ren. We definitely need to
catch up on some sleep. Thanks for covering for us, Mash.” With that, he shambled back in to
hop on the bed once more.
Ren watched Morgana walk back in, then turned back to Mash. “Sorry about that,” he
apologized again. “I’ll see you in a bit, Mash.” Mash smiled in response as Ren shuffled back
inside, the door closing behind him as he turned off the lights.
Reaching the bed, he collapsed on it and pulled the covers over himself. Though it wasn’t the
most comfortable of beds or covers, for his sleep deprived state, it almost felt like he was
resting on clouds. He felt the familiar warmth and weight of Morgana curling up on top of
him. He smiled, and within moments, the two were fast asleep once more.
Mash stared at the door after it closed before sighing sadly to herself. Admittedly, she wanted
to have some of senpai’s curry and coffee, but after seeing the two in that state, she didn’t
have it in her to ask. At least Archer was manning the kitchen once more. It would be a very
nice change from the field rations they had to sustain themselves. Just before she turned to
leave, she heard a familiar sound.
“Fou, fou!”
She blinked and smiled as the little creature bounded around a corner before leaping up,
easily landing on her shoulders. She giggled as Fou licked her cheek. “Th-that tickles, Fou!”
she laughed, reaching up to pet him as he nuzzled back against her hand. “Did you wait for
me to finish talking to senpai and Mr. Morgana?” she asked.
“Fou, kyu, fou!” Fou barked before nuzzling her again.
The shielder took that as a yes. “Thank you for being so considerate, Fou,” she replied with a
grin. She hadn’t forgotten that Mr. Morgana didn’t like Fou for some reason or other. At least
he was considerate enough to give them a reprieve. She quietly picked up Fou from her
shoulder and held her against her chest like a little pillow. He was warm and soft in her arms.
She missed him.
Deciding that loitering in front of senpai’s room wasn’t worth it too much longer, she started
walking down the hallways of Chaldea. Another thing she was struck with now was the
silence. In Orleans, they always had a lively gathering with them, especially coupled with the

likes of Marie, Mozart, Elizabeth, and Kiyohime, as well as discussions between Saber,
Jeanne, Siegfriend, Georgios, and occasionally Archer.
But now, it was just so… quiet. Mash never particularly felt alone before, but the silence was
almost deafening to her. She held Fou a bit closer to her, eliciting a few comforting barks and
mews from the little creature. Smiling down at him, she patted his head a couple times as she
made her way to the Command Center. As usual, Roman was at his workstation working. Da
Vinci was absent this time – she was likely either in her workshop or attending some other
part of Chaldea.
“Good morning, doctor,” Mash greeted softly, smiling as she walked up – and her expression
flattened as she saw Magi*Mari once more on the screen.
The doctor whirled about in surprise, quickly changing the screen of his workstation. “MMash! Good morning!” he replied, nervously grinning and re-opening his various status
windows. “I’m surprised to see you up and about so early. After those last battles of Orleans,
I thought you’d still be resting or sleeping.”
Mash fixed Roman with a flat stare for a moment before sighing. “It seems, as a demiServant, my stamina recovers faster than a regular person,” she noted. “That being said, I
believe senpai and Mr. Morgana will require another day or so of recovery. They won’t be
able to do a debriefing today at the very least.”
Roman blinked, then ran a hand through his mop of orange hair. “Yeah, I kind of figured
that,” he sighed. “Those two looked beyond beat when I saw them the other day. I’m
guessing fatigue from the consecutive battles as well as stress and who knows what other
factors at this point.” Indeed, he had been closely monitoring their vitals after they
disappeared within the Orleans singularity the other day. Frankly, he would like nothing more
than to give a full medical checkup, but for now…
A growl quickly caught both of their attention – and Mash blushed as she realized it was
coming from her own stomach. The doctor could only blink in surprise before chuckling as
the girl quickly clutched her belly, blushing. He checked the time on his workstation. “I guess
it’s time for breakfast,” he noted with amusement as he stood up, stretching to work out all
the stiffness of his shoulders. “Wanna come with, Mash? I’d normally offer coffee but after
the instant… stuff we’ve been drinking, I think I’m willing to be a bit selfish and wait for
Ren on that front.”
The shielder nodded. Normally she would judge the doctor for being so selfish, but the coffee
that Ren made was a different category entirely. For his curry and coffee, she was more than
understanding of Roman’s desires – she matched them after all. But neither of them would
wake senpai up for that right now. They’ll make do. Perhaps there was some juice or milk
they could have.
As they entered the cafeteria, their noses were immediately assaulted by the rich scent of
cooking food and oils. Archer was already within the kitchen, making breakfast that many of
the staff were eating with gusto. Despite the somewhat large volume of people, Archer didn’t
seem to mind, seemingly within his element as he moved from pan to pot to bowl, cooking,
plating, and attending to each dish as necessary.

He glanced up as the two approached him and smirked. “Just in time,” he noted. “I was just
finding my stride.” He nodded to two empty seats at the counter nearby, where the two sat
down. “Is there anything particular you guys want?” he asked as he stirred a pot nearby.
The two looked at each other. “Um, whatever you recommend, Archer!” Mash replied
earnestly, smiling at the red-mantled hero. Roman simply smiled at Mash’s forthright attitude.
He had been about to ask for something lighter for himself, but frankly he was happy to see
Mash so happy like this.
“I’ll have the same, Archer,” Roman called out. “And if you could get us two… juices?” He
glanced over at Mash for confirmation, who nodded in turn. “Two juices, please.”
“No coffee?” Archer asked with a smirk. “Still, that’s fair. I tried one or two cups, but I can’t
seem to make them the way Master does. I’ll have to ask him for more tips on that front. In
the meantime, I’ll grab you two orange juices. They shouldn’t clash too much with what I’m
making.” Mash and Roman blinked. What was he making so that he would be worried about
clashing tastes?
Their question was soon answered. A couple minutes later, Archer came forth with plates of
rice and curry, followed by glasses of orange juice. “I tried replicating Ren’s recipe as best I
could,” Archer explained as he crossed his arms. “As well as adding a few of my own
touches to it. Let me know what you think.”
The two blinked at the curry, then dug in. Roman’s eyes immediately lit up as he spooned
more of it into his mouth. “This is marvelous!” he beamed as he inhaled the food. “The spice
mix is a bit different. Can’t put my finger on exactly what it is, but I love it! Wow, I didn’t
even notice – AGH!” Roman’s yelp drew both of their attention as they looked over in alarm.
The doctor was holding a hand to his mouth, tearing up a bit. “Bit my tongue,” he mumbled.
Mash smiled sympathetically and gave him a pat on the shoulder while Archer shook his
head in exasperation. Turning around, she bit into her curry too. It was good. Delicious even.
However, she ate at a more sedate pace compared to the doctor. She really did like it, though
not with the same enthusiasm as the doctor. She wasn’t sure why – then she sensed
something. She looked up and saw Archer smirking at her.
“Not the same as when Ren makes it, hm?” he asked. His smirk only grew when Mash began
spluttering and Roman turned to her with wide eyes. “I understand. Unfortunately, I couldn’t
replicate that part exactly. I’ll have to have Ren share the recipe again with me – or perhaps
you prefer him cooking instead?” Mash could only splutter more as her face grew an even
deeper shade of red. “I’ll be sure to let him know-“
Suddenly, he stiffened and stared past them at the door of the cafeteria as much of the
conversation quieted down to whispers. The two blinked, turned, and their eyes widened.
Joan was standing at the entrance of the cafeteria. She seemed mildly surprised by all the
attention she was getting, then irritably sighed. Without saying a word, she simply stalked
over to the counter and sat at the counter, well away from everyone else.
Archer made his way carefully over to her. “Is there something you need?” he asked, keeping
a sardonic tone. “Didn’t think this kind of place would be to your liking, Joan.”

Joan glared up at him for a second, then looked down at the counter. “I’m hungry, dumbass,”
she muttered. “I’m incarnated, remember? That means I actually need to eat. And this place
is where I can get some food, so there. Now can all of you knock it off?” She picked up her
voice at the last sentence as she looked about the cafeteria. Most of the staff immediately
turned away from staring at her. Joan turned back, grumbling some more as she rested her
head in a hand.
“So it would seem,” Archer noted, relaxing slightly. “Is there anything you want in
particular?”
Joan considered. “You got any gruel, bread, and cheese?” she asked, looking up at the redmantled hero.
Archer blinked in surprise but quickly regained his composure. “I’ll have to substitute gruel
with oatmeal, but I can get you some bread and cheese,” he replied. “Will that suffice?”
The darkened Lancer sighed and nodded. “Yeah, that works,” she said. With a nod, Archer
walked off to the storeroom to grab the ingredients. Everyone went back to murmuring to
each other, glancing at Joan every once in a while.
Mash and Roman could only look at each other uncertainly before glancing back at the
Lancer. Joan for her part just looked about the kitchen past the counter, pointedly ignoring
everyone else around her. With her simple fare, it only took a few minutes for Archer to put a
bowl of oatmeal, as well as bread and some slices of cheese on a separate plate.
“Thanks,” she muttered before she dug in. After a spoonful of oatmeal, she stopped for a
second before looking up at Archer in askance. “I added some honey to your oatmeal,” he
said casually, answering her unspoken question. “Thought you might want a bit more flavor
with it, after all.” Joan narrowed her eyes at him before grunting and going back to her food.
After a few minutes, she finished her food. The bowl was scraped clean and she had eaten the
bread and cheese without so much as another comment. “I take it you enjoyed that?” Archer
asked rhetorically as he took away the bowl and plate.
Joan sighed. “Yeah, yeah I did,” she grumbled as she got up from her seat.
She was about to leave when Mash spoke up. “Um, Joan, is… is something the matter?” she
asked innocently. Roman’s eyes widened in panic behind her. Though he didn’t dare say
anything, he was more than ready to intercept or interfere if necessary – a detail that didn’t
escape Joan’s notice.
Her irritated yellow eyes rested on Mash. “It’s none of your business,” she muttered before
quietly stalking out, once more ignoring everyone else around her. Archer’s eyes never left
her until the Lancer exited the cafeteria. As soon as she left, the room exploded into
conversation, gossiping about Joan. The red-mantled hero returned to his work, a frown of
thoughtfulness as opposed to concern on his face.
Roman breathed out a sigh of relief, holding a hand to his chest. “Well, that was kind of
terrifying,” he bluntly admitted. “You’re certainly brave, Mash, being able to talk to her so

casually. Maybe Ren is a good influence on you after all.” Then he frowned. “Still, I need to
do something to get rid of these jitters. Hey, Archer, think you can get me some coffee after
all?”
“I really doubt they’ll settle your jitters, doctor,” Archer snarked. “Also, I believe Da Vinci
has given strict orders to limit your caffeine intake to one cup a day – and you’ve long since
used that up today.”
Mash didn’t hear the doctor groaning in frustration as she stared at the cafeteria door where
Joan had left. The Lancer’s expression when she answered Mash’s question… she had seen it
before on one other person here in Chaldea. The person who tried to hide everything the
most.
Ren.

----------

Joan stalked through the quiet hallways of Chaldea. That went about as expected, to be
honest. The suspicious glares from everyone, the caution from the Archer Servant, the
whispered conversations behind her back… frankly, she half expected the food to be
poisoned or drugged in some manner as she ate. Honestly, if it wasn’t for her hunger, she
wouldn’t have bothered to show herself until it was time for a mission.
It seems being incarnated had its disadvantages, after all.
That girl though. She had the temerity… no, the compassion to ask if she was okay. That was
something she hadn’t expected. Joan thought she would be hated by everyone. It was what
she deserved, after all. She was the Dragon Witch, and only yesterday she was doing her
damned best trying to incinerate the entirety of France. She would be condemned by
everyone, and they had every right to do so.
The actual Jeanne d’Arc would’ve asked her the same thing as well, without a hint of
hostility or suspicion. And that thought twisted her gut.
But more than that, the food was good. It was oatmeal with some honey, bread, and cheese. It
was a standard affair back where she came from. Many peasant families would have such a
meal back in France, and no doubt she would’ve had some as well. It was simple, filling fare.
No more and certainly no less.
And yet, the flavors, the texture of the oatmeal and bread, the softness of the cheese, the
sweetness of the honey… she recalled none of it. She knew how they tasted because of the
Grail, but no more. The only memories she had were of her - no, of Jeanne’s condemnation
trial, and being burned at the stake. It was a simple test for herself to make certain of who she
was, and that only confirmed it.

She wasn’t Jeanne d’Arc. She never was. Just some facsimile that the mad Gilles de Rais
wished for and was granted through some dark miracle.
Sighing, she turned another corner down the hallways. During the night, she had wandered
through Chaldea, acquainting herself with its various rooms as she passed by. She knew the
structure well enough. Reaching up to a pad, a door opened in front of her, revealing the
library. Rows upon rows of books greeted her.
Stepping in, she looked around and could only smirk bitterly to herself. Such a trove of books
like this would be worth its weight in gold in Orleans.
Walking past bookshelves, she perused the sections until she found the ones she wanted – the
history section, concerning European history. Problem was, there were no small number of
books on the topic, spanning bookshelf to bookshelf easily. She’d be here for a while at least.
“Hey, you got any recommendations?” she called out seemingly to no one as she pored over
the various book titles.
There was a moment’s silence, then Rider appeared out of thin air, her expression impassive
and eyes unreadable thanks to her blindfold. “I was not aware you were an avid reader,” she
murmured, her tone quiet and neutral. “Did you not have such an opportunity back in
Orleans?”
Joan scoffed, glaring at the purple-haired Servant. “Don’t give me that bullcrap,” she
growled. “I wasn’t exactly interested in reading while I was there and I probably burned a lot
of books while I was at it. Most of them were probably just religious texts anyway, and I’ve
had enough of that shit for ten lifetimes, let alone one.”
“Is that so?” Rider asked, a hint of amusement in her voice that drew further annoyance from
the Lancer. She stepped closer, turning towards the bookshelves. “Is there something
particular you are looking for?”
The Lancer narrowed her eyes, then sighed. “I’m looking for information about the Hundred
Years War,” she muttered, going back to the books. “None of that hoity-toity ‘France is great
and threw off the English’ bullshit. The facts. What the hell actually happened - before,
middle, and after.”
That caught Rider by surprise as she turned back to Joan. “Do you wish to discover who you
were?” she asked, a note of surprise in her voice now. “Or the circumstances around your
execution? Or perhaps if you were justified in your vengeance in the end?”
“Damnit, that’s not why!” Joan snarled, slamming a hand into the books and causing the
shelves to rattle ominously. Rider reflexively tensed into a combat stance for a second before
relaxing, noting she had no killer intent. “I’m not Jeanne d’Arc,” she growled. “Never was.
Not sure how much you saw – or heard – but Gilles de Rais just basically wished me into
existence from the Grail. Maybe there wasn’t some dark side to the actual Jeanne d’Arc? I
don’t fucking know.”
She turned back to the books once more. “Point is, I’d rather give myself a starting point,”
she muttered. “Just figure out what the hell happened in the end and go from there. I may not

be the saint, but I can’t exactly ignore that I was created in her image and tainted with a
hatred that wasn’t mine.” She paused, then let out a bitter chuckle. “Gotta say, can’t be a
more blasphemous existence than that,” Joan noted as she ran a finger through the different
titles.
Rider was silent for a moment as she considered Joan’s words. Then she stepped closer,
bending down and sliding a thick volume from one of the lower shelves. “This one was
written by a well-known historian,” she murmured, handing the book over to her. “It analyzes
the political and economic states of England and France at the time, and the actual and
probable causes of the Hundred Years’ War.”
Joan blinked with surprise as she was given the book. It was heavier than she expected, but
the surprise came from Rider being genuinely helpful. She hadn’t expected that from her. Or
anybody. Well, it was probably temporary. But regardless… “Thanks, I guess,” she muttered,
turning away from the Rider. She needed to find a good place to sit and read. This would be a
while.
Meanwhile, Rider watched Joan curiously as she left to find a seat. She had been watching
the mission, seeing all the Servants that had gathered around her Masters, as well as those
who opposed them. She had seen the Dragon Witch and her petulant rage, lashing out and
destroying the countryside with unfathomable cruelty. She was, by all accounts, a monster in
human skin.
And yet here she was, trying to discover herself and finding a book.
As Rider vanished, she had to wonder – would her Masters do the same for her if push came
to shove? A change of heart, as they called it? Would she be like Joan? Or would something
else happen? Seeing such a change wrought onto the self-proclaimed Dragon Witch was
something she hadn’t expected whatsoever, and it aroused her curiosity.
What strange Masters she had.

—-------

Ren stretched as he made his way to the cafeteria. Morgana was perched on his shoulder,
softly purring. They had managed to sleep for a few more hours after Mash met them earlier
and both of them felt far more refreshed. Neither of them had any more nightmares or dreams
plaguing them at this point, just dreamless slumbers. Frankly, that was the only thing they
could ask for at this point.
That being said, the effects of their battles were still evident. Their muscles were sore from
the sheer amount of physical activity they had been through both within and without the
Palace, and the accumulated fatigue from the fighting and continuous use of their Persona
magecraft hadn’t done wonders either. Their limbs felt like water and they were both
exhausted still. It was probably better to take it easy for today.

As they entered, they found Archer washing his hands in the kitchen in the back. It was
surprisingly quiet, with barely anyone around. Well, that wasn’t surprising. It was well past
breakfast but before lunchtime. Everyone was probably busy working. That was fine with
them – they could use the peace and quiet overall.
Archer glanced up as Ren entered the kitchen while Morgana hopped off his shoulder, sitting
down on the counter and licking his paw. “A bit too late and too early if you wanted to get
something to eat, Masters,” he commented with a chuckle. “I was about to start making
something for the lunch rush. You’ll have to wait a bit before you can get something to eat.”
Ren grinned in turn. “Honestly, works for me,” he replied with an easy shrug. “I was honestly
thinking of making some curry and coffee for myself. Haven’t had a decent one in a while so
might as well. Could be good for others’ lunch too.”
“Yes, quite a few people did miss your coffee,” Archer agreed with a nod. He certainly
wasn’t deaf to people complaining about the instant coffee after having a taste of Ren’s
brews. Everyone tried their hand at making coffee themselves but only had marginal success,
and their despondency at the lack of Ren’s coffee only grew. It had been an amusing sight,
albeit frustrating for him personally as he couldn’t make a good cup of the stuff. Tea was far
easier to make in comparison.
“Mash, I believe, missed your curry as well. She seemed quite put out that you weren’t
available to make it,” he added. Well, that was a bit of a half-lie but it shouldn’t matter too
much. It didn’t change the fact that Mash very much wanted Ren’s curry as opposed to his
own.
The Master blinked as Morgana chuckled on the counter. “Well, not too surprising,” the
catlike being commented, smiling despite his more feline features. “Ren’s curry does have a
certain… kick to it that most people just can’t replicate, especially when paired with his
coffee. It seems to have an even greater effect among some people.”
That was an understatement – Ann, Makoto, Haru, Futaba, and Sumire all never could seem
to get enough of it. They only restrained themselves after Yusuke noted on their diets –
though not before Makoto chopped him on the head to get him to stop talking. Well, it wasn’t
his fault Sojiro was such a damn good teacher. Though that grin Sojiro made after he told that
story let on a lot more than he thought.
“Well, the curry had been a perfected recipe by a genius,” he had told him. “But who knows –
maybe having you make it provides an extra bit of spice most people don’t expect.” Then he
grumbled something about needing to cook for Futaba more. He wasn’t sure what that was all
about.
He didn’t mean for things to turn out that way, honestly. Things just… happened around him.
No doubt due to the influence of the Velvet Room.
Ren rolled his shoulders in the meantime. “Well, in that case, I better not disappoint
anyone.,” he said with an easy grin. “I should get to work. If I start now, it should be
lunchtime when it’s ready.”

“One more thing, Master,” Archer said as Ren began walking towards the storeroom. “Joan
visited the cafeteria earlier.”
Both Ren and Morgana stiffened at the mention of the new Servant. “Oh?” Ren asked,
forcing his characteristic lightness into his tone. “I’m guessing everything went well? Doesn’t
seem like the cafeteria or kitchen are on fire – heck not even a scorch mark.”
Archer stared at Ren watching his reaction, then turned away. “She merely wished for a
breakfast of porridge, bread, and cheese,” he reported. “I substituted the porridge with
oatmeal. She was okay with that. After that, she simply left.” He thought about telling him
about Mash’s question and Joan’s reaction, but he decided not to say anything. It was too
premature, not until they observed more.
Ren and Morgana visibly relaxed at Archer’s words. “Heh, well, miracles do happen, I
guess,” Ren joked. “Did you expect that, Morgana?”
Morgana shook his head. “Not even Ryuji could pull off calming down that quickly,” he
quipped. “Guess we’re sticking with her for a while longer!”
The red-mantled hero watched as the two joked with one another about their compatriots.
Under any circumstance, they seemed like two ordinary kids (including Morgana) just talking
about their friends. Turning away, he could only sigh. They really weren’t suited for this,
after all.
Maybe that was why they succeeded.

----------

Mash was currently in her room. She had decided to get a head start on writing a report on
the Orleans singularity – and found herself before long staring at a blank page. How was she
supposed to write this out? There were so many factors that were fantastical, even by
Chaldean standards. She stood up and paced her room several times, began typing and even
got to several paragraphs before deleting them all in frustration.
In the meantime, Fou had made a nest of her normally immaculately made bed, curled up in a
pocket of blankets and pillows and was happily dozing off, his little belly rising up and down
with each breath. He spent his time either wandering Chaldea’s hallways and observing
everyone else or hanging out with Mash. No one begrudged the little creature’s company
though – even when it made a nuisance of itself, it was always beyond adorable.
The shielder sighed in frustration. As much as she wanted to get this written ahead of time,
there was little that could be done until the debriefing with senpai and Morgana. There were
simply too many factors, concepts, and events that were beyond her means to currently
explain. Roman had already promised that she would be part of the debriefing as she was

going to be Ren’s protection, but until then, there really wasn’t anything usable she could
write.
Checking the time, she decided a break was in order. It was lunchtime anyway. Putting her
computer into sleep mode, she gently picked up Fou from her bed. The little being stirred,
stretched, and looked up at Mash. “Fou, fou?” it chirped in askance.
Mash smiled ruefully down at him. “Sorry for bothering you, Fou,” she murmured as she
stepped out of her room. “I couldn’t write anything meaningful for my report. I thought
maybe if I got some lunch, I’ll have a better idea of what to write. Or maybe find something
else to do instead.” She pondered going to the library. The names ‘Arsène’ and ‘Zorro’
sounded extremely familiar to her. Some research would have to be done.
“I thought you might at least join me for lunch, Fou,” she added as well, smiling
apologetically. “Sorry if I woke you from your nap.” Fou didn’t make a sound, but instead
stretched and pressed itself further against Mash’s chest contentedly. She took that as a sign
that Fou was okay with it overall.
Stepping into the cafeteria, she noticed that it was a lot more crowded than this morning. And
with a quick sniff, she immediately knew the reason why: The rich scent of curry and coffee
filled the air with a truly delicious aroma. Peering further in, her suspicions were confirmed:
Senpai was moving about in the kitchen, filling plates of rice and curry while attending to the
coffee pots that brewed their heavenly liquid. Archer was also helping out as well – a good
thing given the sheer number of people there.
“Oi, was wondering when you’d show for lunch!” Cú Chulainn called out with a grin. He had
been sitting with his back to the counter, leaning up against it and therefore had a good sight
of the door. “Was about to grab you myself! Saved you a seat!” He patted the chair beside
him for emphasis.
Mash blinked in surprise before quickly walking over and sitting down as Fou rested himself
easily in her lap. “Thank you so much, Mr. Cú!” she replied, nodding gratefully to the blue
Lancer.
Cú Chulainn waved it off. “Ah, nothing to it,” he replied easily. “And just call me Cú – no
need for Mr. or anything of the sort. And as usual, the kid’s curry and coffee is a hit. Ain’t
that right, girlie?” He directed the question to a person a couple seats down. Mash turned,
looked, and blinked in surprise to see Elizabeth scarfing down her own plate of curry and
coffee as well.
“Well, it’s expected of my puppy and manager to be able to feed up to an idol’s standards,”
Elizabeth pointed out, barely bothering with decorum anymore. “After all, an idol needs to
have a good diet and only eats the finest of foods! I can’t let this petite figure grow fat! No
idol needs that!”
“Pretty sure a Servant can’t gain weight,” Cu Chulainn pointed out with a grin.
“Shut it, dog!”

Mash turned away from the bickering Servants to senpai once more. He was smiling
contentedly as he stirred the pot of curry. Mr. Morgana was perched on a shelf above, making
sure to keep out of the way of cooking. He glanced up at the table and his smile widened.
“Hey, Mash!” he called out cordially. “I’ll get you a plate and a cup in just a second! Any
particular blend you’d like?”
She stared at him, remembering the dream from last night. The terror he was feeling when he
was dragged away by the cops, the sheer shock from being falsely accused, and his anger at
the man who had him condemned despite trying to do the right thing. She remembered him
being scared and unsure of the whole situation, like any normal person would be.
Was the senpai in front of her really the same person? The one who always knew what to do
and could stand equally side by side with Servants despite being a Master?
So engrossed she was in his thoughts that she didn’t notice him stepping up, until he waved a
hand in her face. “Hello? Earth to Mash?” he called out with a cheeky grin. “You must be
really hungry to space out like that. I’m guessing you had a long day?” Mash blinked in
surprise and opened her mouth to ask her questions, but seeing the easy smile on senpai, the
words got caught in her throat.
“Or maybe she didn’t sleep well either,” Morgana quipped, looking down from his perch with
a smirk. “And now she’s hit with a double whammy of scents from both your curry and
coffee. Gotta say, Ren, your cooking really packs a punch for anyone stepping in.”
Ren chuckled. “Tell you what,” he said, turning back to Mash. “I’ll see if I can make a
stronger brew for you today. I think I have just the thing that’ll do the trick.” With that, he
stepped away from the counter and walked toward the coffee machines once more, leaving
Mash with her unanswered questions as she slowly closed her mouth. That dream… was that
the beginning of what senpai had gone through? What about Mr. Morgana? There was so
much she wanted to know.
But…
She watched him work in the kitchen, grinding up a new blend of coffee beans. It could wait.
For a little longer. The smile on senpai’s face was something she didn’t want to disturb just
yet. He needed his peace. And she would give him what little she could.
Both him and Mr. Morgana deserved it.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here as usual:
https://discord.gg/6sGuP2Wh

Chapter 36: Debriefing, Pt. 1
Chapter Summary

It's time to tell Chaldea what they can.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The day had passed uneventfully overall, lapsing into the next day. After Orleans, everyone
seemed to establish a sort of rhythm, be it working, relaxing, or training in the simulator. Ren
and Morgana had taken the day to rest, with the most strenuous activity being cooking dinner
and lunch. It was certainly welcomed by everyone, staff and Servants alike. There were even
rumors that people cried tears of joy at having Ren’s coffee again.
The sad thing is, speaking from personal experience, Roman didn’t know if that was an
exaggeration or not.
In the meantime, instead of being in the Command Center, he was currently in the director’s
office. Emergency protocols had granted him privileges and access as there was no one
ranked higher than him – a heavy responsibility that only reminded him each and every time
how much was lost thanks to Lev. The director’s workstation had access to date and records
no others could access for security reasons, as well as file modification privileges.
And so, he had decided to take a bit of initiative and went over the various data and reports of
the Orleans singularity, marking files and text to modify or outright erase. Once the crisis had
passed, these would have to be reported to someone, and if anyone read the unedited details
of what happened during the singularity, both Ren and Morgana would be marked with
sealing designations in a heartbeat. He figured he might as well get a start on it now as he had
a sinking feeling that it was going to be a common theme.
Suddenly, the workstation pinged with an incoming communication. Roman blinked in
surprise and clicked on it, coming face to face with Ren. “Oh, good morning, Ren,” he
greeted cheerfully. “Did you sleep well?” Just looking at Ren answered that question though.
The young man looked somewhat haggard, with dark shadows under his eyes. How much
sleep was he getting? How much of it was actually restful? That certainly concerned him.
Despite his exhausted appearance, he grinned as easily as always. “Could be better, could be
worse,” he replied cheekily. “I’ve certainly slept on far worse beds than here, I’ll tell you that
much.” His grin dwindled, however, as he said his next sentence. “Morgana and I are ready
for the debriefing, Roman.”
That caught Roman by surprise. He honestly hadn’t expected to do the debriefing so soon.
Although he had been impatient to know exactly what happened in Orleans, he knew that

pushing Ren would only succeed in getting him to lash out. From what few records Meuniere
managed to pull, given his troubles with the police and various other figures, as well as his
reaction to being confronted after La Charite, he hypothesized that Ren had little patience for
authority figures.
So, he had an idea. He hadn’t expected it to execute that soon though.
“Oh, well, that’s good to hear, Ren,” Roman replied. “If you could, meet me at –“ Suddenly,
he glanced up at the director’s room, then back down at the screen. “Meet us at Da Vinci’s
workshop. I’ll have Mash over as well,” he told Ren. “And… a small favor, Ren?”
Ren raised an eyebrow suspiciously. “What do you need?” he asked, a note of trepidation in
his voice.
Roman hesitated, then gave a rueful smile. “Could you perhaps make us some coffee?” he
asked, trying very hard not to sound like he was begging. “I think we could really all use
some, and the regular stuff really just can’t compare.”
The Master blinked several times at Roman before bursting into chuckles. “Addicted
already?” he asked, grinning. “You really should try to wean yourself off it, you know. Not
like I’m one to talk.” He sighed in mock exasperation. “Fine, I’ll make a cup for you,” he
jokingly relented. “Whatever the consequences you catch from Mash and Da Vinci will be on
your head.”
Roman chuckled nervously at the thought. “I’ll keep that in mind, Ren,” he replied,
scratching at his cheek. “I’ll see you in a little bit then.” With that, the communication cut off.
Once it was finished, Roman sighed and relaxed back in his chair. While normally plush and
relaxing, he had been sitting there so long that it was honestly starting to dig into his back
and rear.
He looked around the director’s room. Normally it was immaculate, there was a pile of
bunched up blankets on the couch where he had tried to catch up on sleep when he could. The
table also had a good number of crumbs and stains from when he ate at the table as well as
the number of times he spilled coffee. No way was he going to meet Ren here when the office
was like this. He’d have to get one of the robots to clean up the area. And maybe bring a
fresh blanket.
The doctor sighed as he prepared to contact Mash and Da Vinci. No wonder why Olga almost
went crazy.

—-------

A sneeze echoed in the Velvet Room.

—------

Ren walked down the halls carrying a tray carefully. Five cups of coffee were balanced on it,
the liquid swirling about with each motion. Morgana had decided to walk on the ground
alongside him as opposed to taking his usual perch on Ren’s shoulder so that he could
maintain his balance. In any other circumstance he would do so, stating a Phantom Thief
must have his balance at all times, but in this case, not at the cost of spilling the treasure in
Ren’s hands.
Honestly, they had expected Roman to call him into the Director’s office, or perhaps an
unused room. This was supposed to be an official debriefing, after all. Of course, even the
word itself brought… unwanted memories. Of a dark, cold room, surrounded by cruel men in
suits, the feel of a shot stomping on his head and leg as he was forced to sign a confession
against his will. His head muddled by drugs and pain, unable to remember the plan that
meant the difference between life and death.
His grip tightened on the tray, the cups rattling ominously from the tension. Morgana glanced
up at him worriedly. “Hey, don’t worry,” he reassured him. “I’m right beside you every step
of the way, Ren. I’m not gonna let them do anything – not on my life.”
Glancing down at his longtime friend, he took a deep, shaky breath as his limbs relaxed and
the cups stopped rattling. Morgana had been there the whole time, calming him and making
sure he didn’t lapse back into those memories. He had encouraged the debriefing, after all, so
that they could get as many cards as they could out on the table and work better with
Chaldea. They had to, if they wanted to succeed in the end.
“Right, right,” he murmured, calming down. He smiled at the catlike being. “Thanks
Morgana,” he told him earnestly. “I really wouldn’t know what to do without you.”
Morgana looked up and grinned. “I know,” he remarked. “You guys were pretty helpless
without me, after all.” Ren matched his grin. Ah, there was that boastful Morgana that he
knew and loved. He had been quiet as of late, no doubt from Orleans. Ren was much the
same too. The first singularity had been far beyond anything they had experienced before,
with the later singularities promising similar if greater troubles.
Hopefully, they would be prepared for it.
Before long, they reached the door to Da Vinci’s workshop. They had only stopped there
once before, when Da Vinci had given them their respective weapons. She had been the only
one to figure out their past as the Phantom Thieves but had agreed to keep their secret. And
now, they were going to reveal as much as they could. This would basically be their
judgement. How would they take it? Did they need to really reveal everything? How much
would they need to tell or hide?
Would they even believe them?

Standing by the door, Morgana glanced up at Ren. “You ready?” he asked. His tone wasn’t
one of impatience, but of worry. It was a huge deal, after all, and once they stepped in, they
couldn’t easily go back or revise what they talked about. Hell, it could even be a trap for
them. Igor had made it clear that mages weren’t to be trusted, and given how the Metaverse
could be abused by normal people with the right knowledge, he shuddered to think what
someone with magecraft could do.
But then, the world outside was nothing but flames. All his friends and family, everything he
knew was gone. This wasn’t like the smaller adventures he had been on before. Either he
took risks and gambled… or they would all lose everything. Faced with that prospect, there
ultimately was little choice.
“Hit it, Morgana,” Ren replied with a smile. Morgana nodded. He transformed into his
Metaverse form – the bipedal catlike being – and hopped up, slapping a paw on the scanner.
It beeped before the door slid open, revealing the workshop once more. They stepped inside,
Ren being especially careful to not bump his elbows against the doorframe or any of the
inventions that lay on the myriad desks scattered about.
“Over here, senpai!”
He blinked as he heard Mash’s voice from around a corner. Stepping around, he saw a small
clearing. A round wooden table was set up with five comfortable chairs surrounding it. It sat
beside a simulated window, portraying a beautiful countryside, shining with a warm,
afternoon sun. Roman, Da Vinci, and Mash were seated at the table already.
At their approach, the three smiled. “Ah, benvenuto, my ragazzo and gatto magnifico!” Da
Vinci chirped. “It’s been so long since you stepped into my workshop. But come, don’t stand
on ceremony. I have not had the opportunity to try one of your legendary brews that so many
speak of. I wish to see if my genius reaches my taste buds as well!”
Ren chuckled at the Uomo Universale. “You really do want to challenge yourself on
everything, don’t you, Da Vinci?” he asked rhetorically, passing out the coffees on the table
as Morgana hopped up onto the chair. It was just high enough that he could peer over the
edge of the table. The Caster certainly didn’t miss a thing, did she?
Da Vinci’s grin spread further. “Why of course!” she exclaimed. “Of what use is a genius if
she cannot find new challenges to overcome? It matters little the field, and inspiration can
come from the most unexpected of places! I am not a genius in many fields because I was
content to sit on my hands after mastery of one or two fields, after all!”
Well, neither Ren nor Morgana could argue on that front. Da Vinci was known for many
things, be it sciences, art, engineering, or mathematics. He (or rather, she) defined the term
Renaissance man for a reason. Plus, Da Vinci’s boasting had very little bite to it – it was little
arrogance and more boundless confidence and surety. Despite themselves, the two found
themselves smiling at Da Vinci’s energy. She definitely was like Yusuke if he further
expanded his repertoire.
Ren passed out the coffees to each person at the table before finally setting them for himself
and Morgana. As he took a seat, the others eagerly took their cups and sipped the liquid. “Oh,

this is a unique flavor,” Roman commented, staring at the coffee like he was beholding the
secrets of the universe within. “I’ll admit, Ren, up until you came along, I didn’t realize
coffee could be so… good.”
Da Vinci nodded, her smile beatific as she lowered her cup. “Ci!” she agreed enthusiastically.
“Coffeehouses were unfortunately well after my time back in Italy, which perhaps is for the
best – far too many of my colleagues would be addicted to the drink. The Renaissance would
be known for its sleeplessness on top of its art and culture!”
Mash blinked curiously over at Da Vinci. “Would you have been one of them?” she asked. Da
Vinci, merely giggled before taking another sip. Even the self-proclaimed genius couldn’t
possibly deny that.
“Hey, then where do you get off telling me I can’t drink more coffee, then?” Roman
demanded, an expression of dismay and betrayal clear on his face.
The Caster casually looked over to Roman. “Ah, but I’m a genius, Roman,” she replied
gracefully. “Even I know my limits, prodigious as they are. You, however, go far beyond that.
So please mind your words, Roman. Someone might actually take offense to them.” Despite
retaining her smile, the temperature around her dropped sharply. The doctor gulped, took the
hint, and meekly went back to his coffee, to the exasperation of Morgana and Mash.
Ren chuckled. “Well, glad you guys like it,” he replied with a grin. “Let me explain: That’s a
blend made with Ethiopian Mocha Harrar. Mocha coffee has a unique spicy flavor and a
strong aroma with blackberry notes. I figured with the day ahead of us, we could use
something a bit stronger to perk us up a bit.” With that, he quietly sipped at his own cup,
enjoying the flavors spreading across his tongue.
Times like this, he could imagine himself back at LeBlanc, with the scent of coffee filling the
quiet café, the TV in the background. Sometimes, he could imagine Sojiro there as well,
cooking a new batch of curry or reading a newspaper. Ren often found himself at one of the
desks when the café closed for the evening, doing a crossword, studying, or just reading.
Despite the turbulent time of his stay there, the calm in the middle of the storm was always
appreciated.
He needed it more than ever now.
Morgana looked around. “Hey, uh, Fou’s not here, is he?” he asked, glancing about
nervously.
Mash blinked in surprise before shaking her head. “No, he isn’t,” she replied. “I was going to
bring him but I remember you’re uncomfortable with him, Mr. Morgana. He should still be
sleeping in my room, last I left him.”
The catlike being breathed a sigh of relief. “Thanks, Mash,” he said with a grateful sigh. “It’s
always nice to have someone so observant and considerate.”
Ren chuckled but decided not to pursue the topic. While Morgana being scared of Fou was
still funny, he knew that under it all, it was a serious topic. Morgana wasn’t the type to get

scared easily, especially in such a manner. However, neither of them had any evidence or
information about Fou, and their knowledge about different beings was lacking. Not to
mention, pretty much everyone – from Servants to the staff to the three in the room with them
– would vouch for the adorable being.
At this point, it was better not to prod the hornet’s nest any more than they had to.
After a moment of relative peace, Ren decided to cut to the chase. Better to get this over with.
“So, this is where we’re having the debriefing?” he prodded, forcing his usual smirk on his
face. “Gotta say, it’s better than some stuffy director’s office. Or an interrogation room.”
Just like that, the air changed. Though nobody outwardly did anything, a certain tension arose
all around them, ready to snap at a moment’s notice. Morgana drank his coffee calmly,
though his eyes flicked between the three warily. Mash looked nervous while Da Vinci
continued sipping at her own brew, looking quite at ease.
Roman sighed as he placed his cup down before giving Ren a tired smile. “Well, yes,” he
admitted. “I admit that I looked at your past records, Ren. What little I could find anyway –
most of it has been scrubbed clean or extremely vague. Judging from your reaction after La
Charite in Orleans, you wouldn’t appreciate being interrogated – or an atmosphere where it
feels like it. So, I decided to try this instead.” He scratched his chin abashedly, smiling
nervously. “I apologize if it seems like I’m manipulating you here, Ren. Morgana.”
“’Seems like’, nothing,” Morgana growled. “Just call it for what it is. We’ve seen these kinds
of tactics before so spare us.” Ren blinked with surprise. He hadn’t expected Morgana to
argue so viciously on his behalf. Though the accusation left Roman deeply uncomfortable,
Ren had to agree with it – this felt remarkably like the ‘therapy’ sessions with Maruki in the
past. Granted, what happened afterward with his fake paradise certainly hadn’t been his
intention, but the parallels were there nevertheless.
“Please, Mr. Morgana,” Mash beseeched. “The doctor didn’t intend on manipulating you or
senpai like that. We simply wanted to provide an atmosphere where you two would be more
comfortable. This was supposed to be a chat and a debriefing. We didn’t want this to be an
interrogation. So… can you please trust us? Just a little bit? I can understand you’re wary, but
please?”
The two glanced at each other, trying to make a decision. Finally, they sighed. “Look,”
Morgana stated flatly. “What we’re gonna tell you guys will probably sound completely
unbelievable. And whether you believe us or not, the information is incredibly dangerous and
could be used for a lot of terrible things. We’ve seen it firsthand. We’re putting a lot of faith
in you guys – not by choice but by necessity, since things are probably gonna get even worse
than they are now.”
Da Vinci nodded, her usual smile replaced by an expression of seriousness. “Of course,
Morgana,” she agreed. “This was one of the reasons why Roman had us conduct the
debriefing in my workshop – I’ve crafted mysteries to prevent information like sound or
vibrations from escaping. I can also monitor this room for any tracing or listening devices as
well. As a genius, making sure my works are kept secret is a priority, after all.”

Ren looked between the three. All of them had put down their coffees and were facing them
seriously. Despite the more… sedate environment, his vision flickered once more: dark,
austere walls on all sides. A single metal table with chairs on both sides. He was sitting on
one side, while Sae was facing the other, staring him down as he relayed his tale as much as
he could. At that time, the plan and gamble was to tell Sae everything and trust her.
Perhaps it would be the same here after all.
“Alright,” Ren decided. “We’ll tell you what we can. We can’t tell you absolutely everything
– we have secrets that would be better if we told absolutely no one – but we’ll give you as
many details as we can regardless.”
Roman nodded gravely. “We understand,” he replied. Then he blinked. “Oh, right, I almost
forgot – we installed the Grail you’ve given to us from Orleans the other day,” he said. “It’ll
allow us to summon more Servants but more importantly, you should be able to contact your
Servants with your mind – both of you.” He nodded to Morgana. “Of course, no one can
listen in on a mental conversation between a Master and Servant so that’s secure too. If you
wish to contact them so you don’t have to repeat yourself…?”
Ren and Morgana considered, then nodded. “If we’re going to be fighting with them on the
field, then it’s best they know what we’re capable of,” Morgana decided. “So how do we
contact our Servants?”
“It’s simple, my ragazzo and gatto,” Da Vinci explained. “Simply reach out to your Servants
with your mind. They’ll notice your connection and respond appropriately.”
The two blinked then shrugged. It sounded weird to them but frankly, with all they had seen
before and now, nothing sounded all that strange anymore. They focused, locating each of the
Servants within Chaldea. Within moments, they had garnered their attention.
Master? That tone and timbre… it was Saber.
Hey guys. Ren replied. We’re gonna explain to Roman, Da Vinci, and Mash what happened to
us. We’re keeping you guys in the loop as well since we’ll be fighting alongside you. It’s a
long story so hope you guys will be able to pay attention.
It will not be a problem, Saber affirmed. We await your tale.
Ren and Morgana glanced at each other and nodded. It was now or never. They turned back
to the three.
With that, they began.

—-------

Ren thought it would be a good idea to start from the beginning of his troubles: His arrest.
That spring night encounter that changed everything just from trying to do one good deed.
Nobody said a word as he spoke about it, listening carefully. Roman looked grim as Da Vinci
idly swirled her coffee with a small spoon. Mash had turned as pale as a sheet, clutching her
own legs tightly.
He paused when he said he was shipped off to Tokyo, gauging the reactions of everyone
present. “You guys don’t seem to be surprised by this,” he noted, looking between the three.
Roman attempted to give a reassuring smile but failed. “Well, the thing is, Ren…” he began.
“Such a thing is unfortunately far too common in the Moonlit World. End up annoying the
wrong person and they could find different ways to make your life… considerably difficult.
‘Doing the right thing’ doesn’t really matter much to those people. Only politics and power
really get anything done.”
He sighed as he ran a hand through his hair. “Times like these, I’m very glad I’m not a
magus,” he said, smiling weakly. “I like to think being a doctor suits me far better. Being able
to help people without any strings attached is definitely far nicer than playing politics.
Though I didn’t exactly imagine I’d become a director too.”
The Master stared at Roman before chuckling. “You definitely remind me of another doctor I
know,” he commented with a grin. “You don’t have a penchant for giving experimental drugs
to a minor and documenting the results, do you?”
The doctor turned pale as a sheet and began spluttering before both Ren and Morgana burst
out laughing. “Hahahaha!” Morgana guffawed. “You should see the look on your face,
Roman! Oh, oh jeez, Ren, did you take a picture? Please tell me you took a picture of that!”
“I-I’m sorry, but I didn’t have the time!” Ren replied, heaving between chuckles. “That
expression was just priceless! Oh god, I’ve been waiting to use that joke this whole time!
Couldn’t exactly tell my own doctor about it though! Oh, thanks, Roman. I needed that
laugh.”
Roman deflated a bit in his chair, holding a hand to his chest. “Jeez, Ren,” he gasped. “That’s
bad for the heart, you know? I was genuinely worried there for a second. Please don’t make
up stories like that – we’re trying to take this seriously.”
Ren smiled innocently. “Who said I was making it up?” he asked.
And the two burst out laughing again as the doctor’s face once more lost its color.

—-------

He would never forget that day.
What’s the matter? Are you simply going to watch?

He could only helplessly stare, held back by knights, staring in horror as a blade was raised
right above Ryuji.
Are you forsaking him to save yourself?
His will solidified. Took form. It was him, and he was it.
Death awaits him if you do nothing. Was your previous decision a mistake then?
A single decision that changed everything for him. Stepping in to help a woman in trouble
from a drunkard, getting falsely accused, with her reluctantly helping him while turning a
blind eye to injustice to save her own skin. Had he ignored her, he would’ve been safe, happy,
and healthy.
But…
Very well. I have heeded your resolve.
His skull suddenly felt like it was about to burst. Not a natural headache, but thoughts,
feelings, emotions, all pushing and raging within him. They wanted out. They wanted OUT.
Vow to me. I am thou, thou art I. Thou who art willing to perform all sacrilegious acts for
thine own justice! Call upon my name, and release thy rage!
In the next moment, the knights were blasted away. He was standing free once more. But
there was something on his face. A mask. Why was it there? It didn’t matter. It had to come
off. He needed to take it off. He had to take it off he had to take it off take it off take it off tear
it off tear it off
TEAR IT OFF!
After that, power unimaginable flowed through him. He rescued Ryuji with this newfound
power. He got them both out, as well as Morgana. It would be the start of something truly
great and wonderful. All alongside his new companion. No, the one who was with him all this
time.
Arsène.

—-------

Describing up until his awakening dried Ren’s throat out more than he expected. He took his
coffee and sipped it. Morgana in the meantime sat in his chair still, waddling his legs back
and forth in the chair. He almost comically looked like a child if it wasn’t for the grave
expression he bore on his face. Despite everything, both of them were rather calm. Morgana
because he was alert for any changes in the situation that necessitated action but for Ren…
perhaps it was because he did this before?

This was in heavy contrast to the three sitting across from them. Mash already knew about
the Metaverse thanks to accompanying them to Orleans, instead going completely pale about
Ren’s false arrest and his condition in Tokyo: shunned as an outcast by everyone, befriending
only a fellow outcast, and nearly executed in a Palace the two had absolutely no clue about
and only escaped by the purest of luck – Ren’s Persona powers.
Roman and Da Vinci on the other hand weren’t nearly as observed. The normally unflappable
Caster nearly dropped her cup on the story. “The… the cognitive world?” she asked, her
voice faint. “But such a feat is normally… no, what am I saying, normalcy is for those who
are mundane. You, Ren, and you, Morgana, have proven to be ragazzo prodigio and magnico
gatto once more. But it is quite a lot to take in, as I’m sure you’re aware.”
Ren raised an eyebrow with a smirk at the three. “What, is it not that believable?” he asked a
bit sardonically, leaning back in his seat as he crossed his legs. “I thought you guys would be
more used to this.”
Under normal circumstances, he would be a bit more understanding, but given literally
everything he had seen in Chaldea – ancient heroes and villains fighting alongside and
against him, time traveling, mythological beings, and of course the Incineration of Humanity
– frankly, it felt like what he had done was far more ordinary in comparison.
Roman sighed, rubbing his now very sore temples. “Ren, what you’ve told us, even from our
standards, is almost… fantastical,” he replied, looking at the two with perhaps the most
serious eyes they had seen so far from him (and given the situations they had been in, that
was honestly saying something). “This… cognitive world that you’ve described is what we
could call another ‘layer’ to the World.”
“Another layer?” Morgana snarked. “What, like an onion or something? Come on, doc, I
know what we’re saying is ridiculous but you don’t have to play it up like that.”
“Roman is very much speaking the truth,” Da Vinci supplied, matching the doctor’s grave
expression. “The World does have multiple layers of them – yes, Morgana, much like an
onion – and each one has its own rules and mystery. An example of one is called the Reverse
Side of the World. After the Age of Man had overtaken the world, many of the beings you
know from myth had migrated to that layer of the world before it was sealed off by illusions.”
“The Reverse Side of the World…?” Ren repeated. A bewildered smile crawled up to his
face. “What, so if we dig far enough, we’re gonna see…. I dunno, dragons or tengu again?”
he asked. “Well, that would certainly liven up the world a bit, wouldn’t it. Maybe we could
even open a tourist attraction like Jurassic Park.”
“It’s no joke, senpai,” Mash admonished him, shaking her head. “Many of these beings are
filled with such mystery that modern humanity wouldn’t be able to fight against them. The
reason humanity became dominant is because Alaya forced them to migrate before they were
sealed off. They were all beings given power by humanity’s belief in them after all, and so
were under Alaya’s jurisdiction.”
That shut both of them up very quickly. So, the beings they had learned from mythology or
from their personas… were actually real? Not just cognition? Or was it the other way around

– that cognition gave birth to them in real life until they were shooed away by Alaya?
Actually, that bore another question for Ren: Was the Reverse Side of the World the Sea of
Souls? He opened his mouth to ask, but quickly closed it. No, too risky to mention that. He
would ask Igor and Lavenza about it later.
Roman sat back with a sigh, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “And you can access this…
cognitive layer of the World,” he muttered. “This is…” He took another deep breath. He
faced the two with a dead serious stare. “You were right to talk to us in private about this,
Ren. Morgana. Accessing another layer of the World is considered borderline True Magic. If
any Clock Tower mages knew about this… well, that’s yet another Sealing Designation
slapped on both of you.”
Morgana blinked in surprise. “Okay, be honest with us here,” he said. “Just – how many rules
are we breaking? Because with how you guys are talking about us, it sounds like a lot.”
The three looked at each other. Roman held up his hand and counted off on his fingers. “Let’s
see,” he muttered. “Magic circuits out of nowhere, a crest that has never been seen before,
completely unknown magecraft…”
“The ability to traverse into a different layer of the World, being able to alter the cognitions
and minds of a person, let alone a Servant, being a maginico gatto,” Da Vinci rattled off
herself, staring into the coffee she was still idly stirring.
“And using magecraft that can equal noble phantasms as well as phantasmal and divine
beings, senpai,” Mash added.
At her addition, both Da Vinci and Roman whipped around to stare at Mash, utterly shocked.
The doctor only sighed before burying his face in a hand and waved in her general direction.
“And… that too, it seems like,” he replied, sounding beyond tired. “Point is, Ren and
Morgana, if even half of that came to light, every single mage would do their utmost to drag
you back to the Clock Tower by any means. I can see why now you wanted to keep
everything confidential.”
“Wait, hold up,” Ren interrupted. “You guys keep talking about magecraft and True Magic.
The way you’re making it sound, they don’t seem to be the same thing. Exactly what’s the
difference here?”
All three blinked again. Da Vinci got up from her table, walked to one of her workbenches
and grabbed a piece of paper from a pile nearby, as well as a pen. “Imagine this paper as the
state of reality,” she explained. “Magecraft is being able to write on it, fold it, crumple it up,
straighten it back out, what have you.” She followed through with the actions in succession,
eventually holding up a sheet of wrinkled paper.
“True Magic,” she continued. “In extremely mild terms, is this.” With that, she tore the piece
of paper up into shreds. Not only that – the papers in the pile she had grabbed the sheet from
earlier also tore themselves up as she ripped up her own sheet. “True Magic basically defies
all conventional laws of both magecraft and science and is something every mage aspires for.
Theoretically, it’s possible, but also fiendishly difficult to discover.”

Morgana blinked owlishly at the demonstration. “Wait, so does that mean you can use True
Magic?” he breathed in wonder. “And… every Servant can? You guys can just… break the
laws of reality like that, no problem?”
The Caster blinked, then bent over laughing, holding her stomach as her laughs rung out
loudly throughout the room. Even Mash and Roman broke into smiles – albeit tinged with
some nervousness at the situation still. “Oh, my gatto maginico,” she gasped through her
laughter. “You – I am honored, beyond honored that you would think so highly of me. Oh, I
haven’t laughed like that in such a long time! Such an innocent assumption and praise!”
Eventually, Da Vinci settled down into mild hiccups, wiping tears from her eyes as she
looked over at the two bewildered Masters with a broad grin. “No, no, despite my genius, I’m
afraid True Magic escapes me as well,” she admitted. “Ultimately, it isn’t something I choose
to pursue anyway. The ingenuity and art of mankind, breaking through its limits time and
time again. That is my field of specialty. I have many more, of course, if I choose to dedicate
myself to it, but True Magic is not something I wish for nor need.”
“As far as I recall in my research, senpai,” Mash spoke up. “Most Servants – even the most
prominent Casters – don’t use True Magic. Magecraft that comes close to it, maybe, but not
True Magic. Most magi lineages spend generations and don’t come even close to finding it.”
“So we should be thankful that Ren and Morgana don’t have True Magic or that’s another
mark on the board for a sealing designation,” Roman grumbled before blinking and waving
his hands. “Wait, we’re getting off track here!” he said. “We can talk about True Magic later.
For now, we should get back to the debriefing. So, what happened after, Ren? Morgana?”
Ren and Morgana glanced at each other, still taken off-guard by the news, but regardless
began their story again.

—-------

Things proceeded quickly. They continued to trek through the Palace. They freed Morgana
from his cell and he brought his own persona – Zorro. There were multiple incursions into his
Palace. And they gained valuable new allies. Ryuji and Ann.
The skull of rebellion shall be your flag henceforth!
There you go. Nothing can be resolved by restraining yourself. Understand? Then I’ll gladly
lend you my strength.
Then eventually, things reached a breaking point. A falling girl. A false expulsion. They were
running out of time.
They charged through, securing a route to the Treasure. Calling Cards. The king – a monster.
Then they ran from the collapsing Palace.

And all that was left was a gold medal and judgement.

—-------

The room was silent as everyone digested the information. “So… what happened to him,
senpai?” Mash asked quietly.
Ren shrugged. “I think he turned himself in to the police,” he replied. “Everyone – from the
principals to the parents – had been covering it up because of his award-winning volleyball
team, after all. But if it’s straight from the horse's mouth, there’s no covering that.” Morgana
chuckled as Ren smirked at that little joke. “His medal sold for about fifty thousand yen. Paid
for a nice hotel buffet with me, Morgana, Ryuji, and Ann.”
The two adults pondered it. “To think you would be able to alter a person’s mind in such a
manner,” Roman breathed. “There are many schools of magecraft that can alter one’s mind,
of course, including hypnosis or memory removal, but none that are as thorough or as indepth as this. This layer of the world is… well, almost as fantastical as the Reverse Side of
the World.”
Da Vinci nodded, looking back over at Ren and Morgana. “And you say you use a cellphone
app in order to access this layer of the world?” she asked, wonder in her eyes. “May I see it?”
“Sorry, but no,” Morgana immediately snapped back. “We’re telling you guys this because
we need all the help we can get. That doesn’t mean we trust you guys yet – at least, not
enough to show you the app. We’ll see in the future but for now, that’s something for our eyes
and our eyes only.”
Da Vinci blinked in surprise, then nodded. “Of course,” she accepted gracefully. “When I was
alive, I didn’t demand my colleagues or my rivals to show their own works for me, nor did I
show them my own until I was ready to unveil them. I will wait until you wish to do so.”
Ren and Morgana blinked. They hadn’t expected Da Vinci to drop the argument so quickly.
And while they were paranoid it was some sort of ploy, from how everyone was acting, it
seemed to be genuine. That was certainly something that they hadn’t seen in a while. But
still, while they had to trust them, that didn’t mean they had to tell them everything.
Anything about the Velvet Room or the Sea of Souls, they would keep quiet about, no matter
the cost.

-----------

After the formation of the Phantom Thieves, things moved at a breakneck pace. They used
Mementos to train for their next heists as they looked for and awaited news of targets that
needed a change of heart. For each target they took down, they gained a new ally in the
process.
The scam artist, Ichiryuusai Madarame, and his talented victim (and eccentric), Yusuke
Kitagawa.
The mob boss, Junya Kaneshiro, and his latest victim and student council president, Makoto
Niijima.
Then there was Futaba Sakura, a girl who had been so mentally devastated in her youth that
a Palace heist was the only way she could be helped.
And the corporate mogul, Kunikazu Okumura, and his gentle, kind daughter, Haru Okumura.
It had all seemed to be going so well as they changed heart after heart, slowly but surely
steering society towards the better.
Then Kunikazu Okumura died horrifically from a press conference from a mental shutdown –
and it all snowballed from there.

—--------

There was a lull in the conversation after that. All three had been listening with rapt attention
the entire time – their faces curling in horror as Ren spoke about Okumura’s mental
showdown. Mash in particular looked like she wanted to speak, but couldn’t muster the
words to do so, her lips opening and closing as she struggled.
“So killing a shadow causes a person to die,” Roman murmured, running a hand through his
hair. “It does make sense. If a shadow is, as you described it, the subconsciousness of a
person, then killing it is the same as removing a person’s subconsciousness. And no one can
survive without one. At least, no one mentally healthy. It certainly does seem like a perfect
framing job since there’s no one else anyone knew that could pull such a thing off.”
Suddenly his stomach growled, immediately breaking the morose air. Blinking with surprise,
Roman checked his watch. “Oh wow,” he exclaimed, surprised. “It’s already 1 pm! No
wonder why I’m hungry!” He smiled at all of them – albeit a bit strained given the whole
debriefing and their story. “How about we break for lunch and come back to this? I think we
all need a moment to digest things. And plus, I think we’ll need more coffee.” Indeed, their
coffee cups had been stained and bone dry for a long while now.
Da Vinci giggled. “Well, it would be as good a time as any,” she replied lightly as she stood
up. “Let’s see if Archer has whipped up something for us. He never fails to surprise, after
all.”

That caught Ren and Morgana by surprise yet again. They were just going to leave, just like
that? But admittedly, they were getting hungry as well. The former chuckled. “Well, it’s
certainly nicer that we can take a break compared to the last time I had to tell this story,” he
joked as he stood up with the others.
Morgana shuddered. “Don’t even joke about that, Ren,” he grumbled. Mash looked about in
askance but neither of the two were going to provide an answer.
As they filed out of Da Vinci’s workshop with their cups, the Servants who had been
listening in on their mental link with Ren and Morgana were silent as they pondered their
story.
Everyone had much to think about for lunch.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here:
https://discord.gg/TuHxDZfP

Chapter 37: Debriefing, Pt. 2
Chapter Summary

End of a tale, beginning of another.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Cu Chulainn watched warily as three werewolves surrounded him. Their matted fur gleamed
in the bright sun as they snarled, showing their yellowed, pitted fangs, their spittle drooling
down to the grass below. They stalked around the trees around him, aiming for his flanks and
back, looking for any opening. The sunlight glinted off Cu’s blood-red spear as he adjusted
his grip and tensed his legs and body. He exhaled deeply. It was a waiting game – and they
were watching who would move first so they could react accordingly.
A moment passed. A leaf dropped down from a branch and landed with barely a whisper.
Then another.
And another.
Then like a taut cord snapping, everything moved at the blink of an eye. All three rushed
forward at once – one in front, and two behind him on either side. With a wild smirk, Cu
leaped forward and pole vaulted over the first one. While in the air, he speared down. The
Gae Bolg easily pierced through sinew and flesh, past the rib cage and into its internal
organs. The creature’s body sailed forward under its own momentum stumbling the two other
werewolves as Cu easily landed back on the ground.
Whirling his spear, he turned to face the other two and waited for them to untangle
themselves. Tossing away the body without any concern for their fallen comrade, the two
charged again on either side of him, snarling. Darting forward, Cu lunged with his spear,
easily piercing the windpipe of another werewolf before spinning on his heel, using the
momentum to throw the body at the last werewolf. The sheer force of the throw forced the
last werewolf to fly back and crash heavily into a tree – and soon after, a throw Gae Bolg
embedded itself into its skull.
The red spear jumped out of the werewolf’s skull and easily landed back in Cu’s hand as the
corpses and forest dissolved away into data, turning into an open clearing once more. The
Chaldean training simulator was, like everything else in the facility, a feat of technology
unmatched by anywhere else. It could easily emulate all sorts of environments and enemies if
provided enough data – and analyses of singularities provided more than enough.

That being said, it couldn’t exactly replicate every environment – like another texture of the
World such as the cognitive layer.
Cu Chulainn blew a discontented sigh as his spear vanished in his hands. They had taken a
break for the debriefing which was fine with him – what was revealed already had been just a
series of revelations punching him as hard as any red-blooded Celtic warrior in the face.
Saber and Archer had been rather quiet about their battles in the singularity and now he knew
why. Shit like this honestly didn’t exactly sit well with him.
God, he needed a drink. But with his Masters, Roman, and that goddamn Archer there, it
wasn’t a good time for it.
“Is your training not satisfactory, Lancer?”
Cu glanced up and saw Saber walking towards him, her expression neutral. Still, the look in
her eyes was showed she was just as troubled as he was. Well, it made sense – king or not,
she was just as personable as anyone else, much as she pretended otherwise.
He scratched the back of his head with a huff. “Thought I’d blow some stress with a fight or
two, but this ain’t cutting it,” he grumbled. “I already went through a bunch of ghouls,
werewolves, and wyverns. None of them did it for me. After what the kid’s been talking
about, I could use something a bit more… tough.” He glanced over at the shorter woman.
“What about you, Saber?” he asked. “You need to blow some stress too?”
The Lancer honestly expected her to decline – a prim, proper knight who only fought because
she had to. Frivolous fights like this weren’t her thing. Which took him off guard when she
sighed. “Perhaps a bout of sparring shall help take my mind off things,” she replied wearily,
summoning her invisible sword.
Cu blinked in surprise before breaking into a broad grin, summoning the Gae Bolg once
more. “Well, didn’t expect you to take me up on the offer but like hell I’d look a gift horse in
the mouth,” he admitted, whirling the spear deftly as he lowered himself into a combat
stance. His red eyes danced with fierce joy and eagerness. “You ready for a dance or two,
Saber?”
Saber nodded stoically as she gripped her blade with both hands. They watched one another
wearily, once more waiting for the slightest movement or change in atmosphere.
Then suddenly, they moved, faster than the human eye could possibly follow. Cu Chulainn
thrusted at Saber, his spear like a bolt of red lightning aiming straight for her chest. The
swordswoman in turn expertly parried the blow, deflecting the momentum of the thrust and
forcing him off balance before bringing her blade up for a swift counter attack – an attack
that was rapidly dodged by Cu spinning aside. Sliding his hands closer toward the spearhead,
he sacrificed range for maneuverability as he launched several quick jabs and swipes at a
point-blank position, forcing Saber to give up ground and back off, easily deflecting the
blows at a more comfortable range.
An exchange between two masters that lasted all of a few seconds.

“So, what do you think of the kid’s story so far?” Cu asked as they sized each other up.
They began walking in a slow circle, trying to maneuver their opponent into more favorable
territory or be able to take their flank while the other was unaware or distracted. “There is
much to process, Lancer,” Saber replied honestly. They had to be careful of their words here
– someone could be monitoring their fight and given the information their Masters had
chosen to divulge, revealing anything would only result in a great deal of harm.
“Yeah, that’s a damn light way of putting it,” Cu grumbled before charging in again, leading
to another series of blows. “Can’t say it doesn’t rub me the wrong way, our Masters’ way of
doing things,” he called out over the crashing of their weapons. “But well, they’re damn
flashy. I can respect that!” Parrying Saber’s blade, he swiftly directed a kick to her side. His
foot directly collided with her breastplate, forcing her flying, though no harm was done
otherwise.
Saber landed lightly as she held up her blade once more. “Flashy or not, our Masters’
methods are both strange even to our standards,” she admonished with a light frown.
“Abusing it would be abusing our Masters’ trust in us, especially given how they have been
misled in the past. Strike Air!” She slashed the space in front of her, firing off a hurricane
gust of wind towards the expectant Lancer.
Cu’s eyes widened before he charged forward and pole vaulted, dodging the worst of the
winds. Aiming himself at Saber, he darted down from the air, slamming the Gae Bolg at her
head. Saber raised her blade in turn and the weapons slammed against one another, the
impact causing the ground underneath the swordswoman to crack and crater slightly
underneath the sheer force.
“Tch, always the killjoy aren’t you,” he growled as he leaped back, twirling his spear. “Can’t
imagine how much our lives would be easier if we could do the same damn thing in our
lifetimes.”
“Perhaps so,” Saber acceded. “But a power like that must have its drawbacks. I do not believe
our Masters would be so frivolous in its usage.” That said, even she couldn’t deny the usage
of such an ability. If she had that as a king, it would’ve made running Camelot far smoother,
if only just to peer into the hearts and minds of her knights. Especially Mordred and Morgan.
Perhaps if did, she could’ve…
No. That time was long over. She had done all she could with what she had on hand. To dwell
on it now was pointless and an insult – to herself and to everyone who had followed her,
come hell or high water.
Cu snorted. “Huh. Well, if you say so,” he accepted easily before charging back in. As they
clashed, both of them understood something even though they didn’t talk about it: Their
Masters were still holding back information. They could feel it through their mental link as
they told the story to Da Vinci, Roman, and Mash. Still, if they didn’t wish to tell, they could
respect it. After all, who knew better when it came to secrets than Servants, let alone a
warrior and a king?
Every legend had its hidden aspects, after all.

-----------

Lunch had been a surprisingly quiet affair. Nobody really talked as they ate (a smattering of
Japanese dishes including fried fish and miso soup, courtesy of Archer), nor as Ren brewed
more coffee for everyone. Even the staff, who weren’t privy to the contents of the meeting,
only held hushed conversations, surreptitiously glancing at those at the counter. What secrets
could they be talking about? Especially the Masters, who up to this point weren’t even
mages, let alone ones with any lineage?
What secrets would be worthy of consideration from Servants and Roman?
Although Mash, Roman, and Da Vinci were pondering their own thoughts, Ren and Morgana
were all too aware of the stares aimed at their backs. For Ren, this felt all too familiar. He felt
like he was at Shujin again, where everyone stared and whispered about him because of his
known criminal record. His ears could make out one or two whispers about what they were –
including no small number of disparaging remarks about him being some sort of upstart.
He had to inwardly sigh with profound exasperation. The more things changed, the more they
stayed the same.
Choosing in the end to ignore the whispers, as he had always done, he finished making five
more cups of coffee, setting them on a tray once more. With that, he returned with everyone
to Da Vinci’s office. He was certain one of them almost tried to trip him, but he stepped over
the foot without an issue. Was that accidental or intentional? Probably the latter.
The debriefing definitely wasn’t the end of his troubles in Chaldea. He was sure of it. But one
thing at a time. Dealing with it all at once was… overwhelming, to say the least.
They reentered Da Vinci’s workshop, the door closing behind them. “Are the others gonna
give us any trouble?” Morgana asked bluntly as he hopped up on his chair once more.
Roman blinked in surprise, then sighed. “Ah, yes, I knew I forgot about something,” he
muttered, scratching his hair. “Magi aren’t really inclined towards others, especially those
of… lesser lineages, as they like to call them,” he explained. “Honestly, given you guys
just… show up out of nowhere with your circuits and magecraft without any lineages, it’s a
gigantic slap in the face to them.”
“Yeah, you told us back when we had the checkup,” Ren replied, nodding.
“Right,” Roman agreed. “After the debriefing here, I’ll have the rest of the staff convene and
talk to them, straighten things out. With any luck we won’t have any further problems.”
Ren and Morgana glanced at each other. They had extremely heavy doubts that would be the
case and judging from the discontent that radiated through the mental link, the Servants felt
the same. But that was a problem to be dealt with later. One step at a time here. For now, they

needed to finish the debriefing so everyone who would fight alongside them would be caught
up to speed.
But with that, once everyone had settled back around the desk once more, they resumed their
tale.

-----------

With the death of Okumura, the walls had been closing around the Phantom Thieves. Public
opinion was rapidly swaying against them for being murderers, and they took to ground.
Then they were sniffed out.
Goro Akechi. Known as the Second Coming of the Detective Prince, he had been apparently
tracking the Phantom Thieves for some time, flip-flopping publicly on his opinion of them.
Circumstances forced them to confront each other – and in the end, they made a deal.
He had one last target for the Phantom Thieves: Sae Niijima, the rising star prosecutor
within the Special Investigation Unit of Japan, and Makoto’s older sister. Once her heart was
changed, the Thieves would disband. Akechi wouldn’t turn them in, and no one would be the
wiser.
At least, that was the public plan.
Akechi had access to the Metaverse as well and aided them with Sae’s Palace – a casino. His
sheer cunning was beyond question, easily getting them past the many rigged games Sae’s
shadow threw in their way. It went incredibly smoothly, and it seemed like the heist would be
done without a hitch. It would be the end of the Phantom Thieves, quietly disappearing into
the night.
Then their plan went into action. Joker was separated from everyone else.
And a horde of police awaited him.
Then it was dark. An interrogation room. Head muddled. Bruises. Manacles digging into his
wrists. A kick to the gut. A stomp to the head. To the leg.
He couldn’t think. It hurt. He signed a confession. He couldn’t read it. They wouldn’t let him.
He could barely make anything out. He couldn’t think. Barely speak.
Sae was across from him. Glaring at him. Impatient. Muddled. Recounting. The bruises hurt.
It hurt. It hurt. It hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt it hurt

-----------

“Ren? REN!”
Ren blinked with surprise at Morgana’s shout. He looked around. It wasn’t just Morgana –
everyone in the room was staring at him with naked horror. The color had completely left
Mash’s face as tears flowed from her eyes. Da Vinci’s smile was gone, already halfway
standing up from her chair. Roman was as well, his eyes sharp with expertise. His mind
clamored but it wasn’t his own voices – it was his Servants calling out in concern. He closed
his eyes for a moment, quickly reassuring them they were alright. They quieted down, but
Ren knew they would want to talk to him later.
“Er, sorry, guys,” he apologized, smiling ruefully. He carefully set his coffee cup that he had
been holding down, noting the drops of coffee that had splashed out from his trembling
running down the side. As his hand pulled away, the handle broke off. He blinked with
surprise as his mouth opened slightly. Had he been gripping it that hard?
Morgana’s reaction was what surprised him the most. Instead of calming down he was staring
at Ren, utterly terrified. He hadn’t expected his old friend to be so anxious. Smiling shakily,
he reached over to pet Morgana, scratching his enlarged head. Morgana blinked and began
purring, though that didn’t seem to diminish the worry that was clear in his eyes.
Roman and Da Vinci uneasily settled back down in their seats. “I’m truly sorry, Ren,” Roman
said earnestly, bowing deeply. “I didn’t intend to trigger such a traumatic episode for you. It’s
honestly why I had this debriefing set up here as opposed to the director’s office or
somewhere else. I… I looked into your files to try and find information about you and… and
I saw your records. Your reaction when you were interrogated in Orleans as well lead me to
believe… well… I’m truly, terribly sorry, Ren. For everything.”
The earnestness of the doctor took them both completely off guard. What Roman had done
was… well, honestly, it was expected from someone of his position. He’d have to be a
complete and utter idiot to not investigate them after what they had pulled left, right, and
center. But to hear it admitted so sincerely was what surprised them the most. Morgana had
been partially right that Roman had set things up here so they wouldn’t treat this like an
interrogation quite as much, but it was more for their comfort than manipulation, no more.
Ren finally sighed after a moment, sagging in his seat. “It’s alright, doc,” he reassured him
with a weak smile. “It’s not exactly like you knew the details. I’m sure my records were
scrubbed clean of them, all things considered. It’s in the past now.”
He looked at the other three and his smile became a bit brighter. “Still, at the very least, thank
you for arranging all this,” he said genuinely. “It’s rather nice being able to do this rather than
some stuffy meeting or… or an interrogation.” His grip tightened again at the mention again,
but he swiftly relaxed before anyone noticed. “Maybe next time we do any debriefing it can
be like this instead? I think I’ve been cooped up in enough offices for a lifetime.”
That left all of them blinking. The first to break the silence was Da Vinci, who broke out
giggling. “Yes, I suppose you would be, my ragazzo,” she chirped, her eyes gleaming in
amusement. She stood up and reached over to take Ren’s cup as well as the broken handle.

“Be back in a moment,” the Caster said, walking off. “To not be able to finish such a
wondrous brew is nothing more than a crime in Da Vinci-chan’s eyes~”
All four just stared at the retreating figure of the self-proclaimed genius before turning to
look at each other. And before long, they all burst into laughter, the earlier tension rapidly
dissipating.
Perhaps things could be a bit better after all.

-----------

Escaping had been a close and tricky affair. Convincing Sae to help them in the span of two
hours was a tremendous gamble, and even more that she would know precisely what to do.
He waited in the room for his doom. Whoever walked through that door would decide his
fate.
His door opened… and it was Sae. Not Akechi.
Spirited away, their enemies thought him dead. That was how the Thieves needed it. They
gathered more information, the last bit of damning info being the bug Futaba had planted in
Akechi’s phone. They had their ultimate target: Masayoshi Shido.
With that, their last heist began.

----------

“Ah, so that was why you used such an audacious calling card!” Da Vinci realized, clapping
her hands with glee. “Magnifico! I must say, I could hardly have done better myself! I’m
certain everyone in the city saw it!”
“Oh, they did,” Ren replied, chuckling as he recollected the memory. “They tried shutting us
down but Futaba being Futaba was more than prepped for it. She just ended up spreading it
all over Japan. She’s ridiculous, honestly.” He shook his head at the sheer audacity of his
fellow Thief. She had told them what she had been cooking but it still caught them by utter
surprise. It certainly worked beyond their wildest dreams though – it caught Shido’s
attention, and no doubt that of his cronies as well.
Mash blinked as she realized something. “Wait, you’ve seen this calling card before, Da
Vinci?” she asked, peering curiously over the Caster.
Da Vinci giggled. “Oh, si, my dear Mash,” she replied happily. “I remembered seeing
something in the past that reminded me of Ren and Morgana and looked it up. Happily, it

seemed we had some news articles in the archives. It was quite an adventure tracing down
their heists, though I must say I never knew much about the details like you were telling us,
ragazzo.”
Morgana sighed in exasperation. “I guess we should’ve known better,” he mumbled. Ren had
to agree. In the age of the internet, there was absolutely no way that calling card was going to
disappear, not when anyone could whip out a smartphone and take a recording at anytime and
upload it anywhere on the internet.
“Could… could we see this calling card?” Mash asked innocently.
Roman could only look between everyone flabbergasted as Da Vinci’s grin widened and Ren
chuckled in clear amusement.
“Out of curiosity, what became of Akechi?” Roman asked, looking at the two Masters. “Did
you guys manage to find him or did he get away?”
Both of them froze. A mutual memory of the blast doors shutting down between them as
Akechi held off a squad of powerful shadows as well as his own cognitive self flashed before
them. “That’s… that’s a conversation for another day,” Ren ground out, gripping his own
knees tightly. It wasn’t something he wanted to revisit right now. Not yet.
The three glanced at each other before nodding. “Very well, we won’t pry,” Da Vinci replied
gently. It was clear to everyone that whatever happened to Goro Akechi wasn’t something
they wanted to share. There was no official news about him either – he was there one day and
gone the next, like he simply vanished into thin air. And given everything Ren and Morgana
had been telling them, it was clear that whatever fate he met wasn’t a generous one.
And so, they continued with their tale.

----------

It should have been the end of it. It should have been their crowning moment of triumph. On
the night of the election where it would’ve been his victory, Shido confessed to all of his
crimes on TV, begging to be arrested.
But things went wrong. People still had faith in Shido – unnervingly so. News reports
scrambled out about going into a hospital. Sae came and told them that the Thieves were
being hunted down, and it would only be a matter of time before they were all arrested.
Everything was moving far too quickly. The public just simply wouldn’t accept the instability
that not electing Shido would bring.
Fortunately, the public had a Palace of their own. Lurking in the depths of the Tokyo subway
station.
Mementos.

Down and down they climbed. With every step of their fame came more levels to delve into.
What was originally their training ground became their last hope as they descended, driving
past eldritch tunnels as subways trains flew by on neighboring tracks.
Soon, they reached the depths of Mementos. The doors opened revealing a horrifying sight:
The Prison of Regression. Countless people in jail cells, unthinking, proclaiming it paradise
in an unsettling calm. The shadows of their former targets were locked up too. Kamoshida.
Madarame. Kaneshiro. Even Shido himself was locked in with no wish to get out.
Why would they? It was paradise and freedom. Freedom from having to make decisions and
choices. Freedom from the pressures of society. Why fight against the flow? Better to just
move with it like everyone else did. It was safe. It was secure.
Then kept going. Though it seemed bottomless, they continued onward, until the jails
narrowed down, funneling down into the bottom. Eventually, they reached the end. A giant
panopticon, lined with countless cells. A giant circular chamber awaited them.
And in the middle stood a massive Holy Grail.

----------

“A WHAT?!”
Roman almost leaped out of his chair, his face utterly pale at the revelation. Da Vinci and
Mash looked just as shocked. Ren and Morgana could feel the surprise emanating from all of
the Servants still listening in.
Morgana held up his paws. “Calm down, all of you,” he snapped, glaring at them. “It’s not a
magus’s Holy Grail, if that’s what you guys were worried about. The Holy Grail in this case
is a symbol of the public’s twisted desires. The desire to have something or someone else do
their thinking and make their decisions for them. It took the form of a Holy Grail to grant that
wish. In short, it was nothing more than a big, overgrown Treasure.”
There was a moment of silence before Roman sat back down, massaging his temples once
more. “Right, of course,” he muttered, clearly embarrassed at his loss of composure. “The
Holy Grail isn’t limited to something like magi. It’s been in mythology before and thought of
as a wish granter. Right, that makes complete sense in this context.” He reached over to sip at
his coffee again – only to have it gently pulled away from Roman.
“Perhaps less caffeine would be best for your overstimulation,” she pointed out, smirking at
the doctor.
“Wha-“ Roman stammered. “Oh come on, after being hammered from this kind of a story, I
need it! Da Vinci, don’t do this to me, please!”

“Your coffee is quite marvelous,” the Caster noted, looking over at Ren while utterly and
wholeheartedly ignoring Roman’s whining. “Could I perhaps trouble you for one more cup
after the story is finished?”
The two Masters looked at each other before chuckling again. Eventually, Da Vinci stopped
teasing Roman and slid the cup back over (with much grumbling from the good doctor as he
gulped down his heavenly beverage). Now came some truly dangerous territory, but frankly,
Ren already thought about how to phrase it. It wouldn’t even be a lie.

----------

They had lost. They were sent back to the surface. Moments later, the skies turned crimson as
red rain fell – to none but the Thieves’ notice. Bone-like structures burst from the ground,
reaching past the city buildings as, by the Holy Grail’s will, it dragged Mementos out and
began merging it with the real world.
The Thieves fought their way up. The shadows now took the forms of demons and angels.
There were even guardians in the form of archangels – Raphael, Gabriel, Uriel, and Michael
– but they triumphed and pushed on. They reached the panopticon once more and fought the
Holy Grail.
Then it changed. The Holy Grail became a towering construct of order, following the will of
the masses and seeking to subjugate them under its rule. The God of Control: Yaldabaoth.
Then the Thieves countered with their own power. They rallied the public to their will,
gathering strength. And with it, Ren unleashed his trump card and ultimate power. The angel
that would bring low the false god, bringing freedom for humanity.
Satanael.
And with one bullet, the God of Control was defeated.

----------

Ren took another sip of coffee. He was mildly aware that Morgana was shooting him a look
for not mentioning certain details, but that didn’t matter. They didn’t need to know it anyway,
and it was irrelevant to the debriefing. If it needed to be mentioned later on, he would. But
for now, the Velvet Room, its attendants, and everything that had happened there was strict
on a need-to-know basis. And they didn’t need to know.
The three, however, didn’t notice the look between them. They just stared, slack-jawed (even
Da Vinci) at the two, the color from their faces drained from their faces. Roman took a very

deep breath, placing his hands together. “So… let me get this straight,” he said slowly.
“You’re telling us that… during the course of your adventures… two textures of the World
nearly fused together, and that you defeated a… cognitive god. With one of your own? And
it’s the true form of Arsene?”
“Don’t believe us now?” Ren snarked, sitting back with a smirk.
Roman blinked at them, then sighed again. His head lowered so much he almost bonked it on
the cup. “Frankly, if it wasn’t for our current circumstances, no, I wouldn’t,” he admitted
plainly. “What you’re talking about – even among magecraft and possibly magic – is
something that is next to impossible. Magi have tried such things before and they usually end
up either failing, or very, very dead.”
He glanced wearily up at Da Vinci. “Have we had any reports of such a thing happening in
Tokyo?” he asked wearily.
The Caster hesitantly shook her head. “I’ll have to look again,” she replied hesitatingly – a
tone that certainly didn’t match the normally boisterous inventor whatsoever. “But in my
investigation, I’ve seen absolutely no reports of the sort. I’ll check again. Perhaps I missed
something.”
Mash in the meantime had absolutely no words, only staring at the two. Especially Ren. What
could she say? What could she do? Her senpai had gone through things that were far beyond
even the most prolific magi. Once more, she felt that he was far closer to a Servant than a
regular person. She was aware of the gulf between her and her senpai, and that gulf had only
grown vastly wider and deeper with everything she heard. Including shooting a God of
Control.
Was there anything she could do in a short time to catch up at all?
“There was another incident after that,” Ren added on. “But honestly, it was much the same
as what happened before – and yes, I did end up shooting yet another cognitive god. They
don’t seem to end, do they?”
Morgana stared in shock at Ren, joining everyone else while he sat back with as much calm
as he could muster. He technically didn’t lie. Mementos did end up almost fusing to the real
world again and there was a new cognitive god seeking control once more. It was just the
details and context that were different.
Takuto Maruki. The false paradise. A place where everyone could have their dreams granted
and could be eternally happy under his well-meaning auspices. A place where the Phantom
Thieves could throw away their masks, where they no longer had to pretend. All they had to
do was believe in him, and they no longer had to suffer anymore.
And still, they had chosen to defy him. They tore everyone away from that false paradise
based only on their own ideals. At that time, it seemed right. But then, given how humanity
was incinerated now, from what he saw of the two singularities he had been in, where
suffering and death abounded… could things have ultimately been different? Could those
who have died ended up living happy lives again?

His mind flashed back. Haru’s dad. Futaba’s mom. They were so happy to have them back
that he had been reluctant to push them to remember. Yet he did, and they made their choice
to face reality anyway.
They had declared a cruel but fulfilling reality was better than a gentle yet hollow dream. He
still believed that himself. But what happened if that reality was crueler than any of them had
anticipated?
At any rate, he wasn’t sure how Roman, Da Vinci, Mash, or the Servants would react if they
knew he had knowing pulled all of them away from a paradise, real or false. Things could
sour very quick. It was better to keep quiet about that for now until he knew better their
personalities and could trust their reactions and stances on the matter.
“Not once, but twice,” Roman muttered, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “Ren, I already said
this, but what you have achieved is beyond extraordinary. Still, it all makes sense now. Your
abilities, your experience, your knack for planning and tactics… with all you have been
through, they must’ve been honed to a razor sharp level.”
He smiled at the two of them. “No doubt you two have more secrets yet,” he honestly stated.
“But what you have divulged today was still incredibly significant. Thank you for trusting us.
We’ll do what we can to work with you moving forward. Can we count on you for the
same?”
The two Masters glanced at each other. Morgana sighed. “Well, it’s not like we’ve a choice,”
he grumbled. “What with humanity up in flames and all. But we’ll work with you – you guys
seem to be good, reliable people at least. Though less so on your part, doctor.” The last bit
came with a smirk and a mischievous glint in his eye at Roman.
The doctor’s mouth dropped. “Wha – how am I unreliable?!” he demanded. “I do well
enough in mission control! And I’m here working my butt off for you guys! Mash, back me
up here!” He turned to look over at Mash – who had pointedly turned away from Roman.
“LOOK AT ME, YOU TRAITOR!”
Da Vinci burst out laughing. “Glad to see that settled,” she commented cheerily. “Oh,
speaking of, may I borrow your armaments, Ren? Morgana? I took a look at the data about
their performance and have some ideas how they could be improved.”
Ren and Morgana blinked. They were hesitant to hand over their weapons, but they looked at
Da Vinci’s eyes. That glint of passion was so familiar to them. They had seen a similar look
from both Futaba and Yusuke whenever the two of them were utterly possessed by some
form of inspiration. They usually ended up creating wonders – while weirding everyone out.
The former relented, taking out his knife with a chuckle. “Go easy on it, Da Vinci,” he said,
handing it over with a grin. “I’m gonna need it before long at the rate things are going.”
The Caster giggled. “Oh, please, ragazzo,” she purred as she collected Morgana’s weapon as
well. “I treat all my creations with the gentleness and harshness they deserve. Just leave it to
the genius Da Vinci-chan. You won’t be disappointed whatsoever~!”

Morgana chuckled. “Yeah, I have zero doubt in that, Da Vinci,” he replied.
Mash suddenly blinked. “Ah, I just remembered!” she started. She looked over at the two.
“Um… can you guys tell us now where the director is? Or is that still a secret?”
Ren froze for a second. He took a deep breath as he considered his answer. “Unfortunately,
that’s still a secret,” he answered uneasily. “I did talk to her, though. She’s doing fine. And if
you guys didn’t believe me, she wanted me to tell you this: Stars. Cosmos. Gods. Animus.
Ant… um… Antrum. Universe – er, wait, no. Unverse. Anima. Animusphere.”
With every word Ren recited, despite the mistakes he made, the three’s faces once more grew
paler and paler. “That’s… that’s the aria of the Animusphere magecraft,” Roman gasped. “It’s
not a huge secret but… I haven’t heard the director ever mention it while at Chaldea. Have
you?” He turned to the two women for confirmation. Both Da Vinci and Mash shook their
heads. “So the only way you could’ve known those words in that sequence…”
Da Vinci smiled weakly at the two Masters. “Perhaps that’s enough world-shattering
revelations for one day,” she noted gently. “I don’t think the poor doctor’s heart can take
anymore, especially coupled with the coffee he’s been drinking.”
“I can monitor my own health just fine, Da Vinci,” Roman grumbled – only to be met with
flat stares from literally everyone at the table. “Really, only Olga and Wodime would’ve
known that aria-“
“Who?” Ren asked.
“The leader of Team A,” Mash supplied. “They were supposed to be the ones sent to the first
Singularity, but there was a failure with the coffins and are currently sealed in cryogenic
storage, per the director’s orders in order to save their lives.”
Ren blinked. They were in cryo? Which meant they were still alive, albeit in critical
condition. A shame. More manpower would be very fortunate to have in a time like this,
especially when it seemed like everything hinged on him. Then an image appeared in his
mind – Maria. Suddenly, he had an idea.
“Actually, what if I healed them?” he asked quietly.
That immediately drew everyone’s attention, including the Servants. “Heal – you’re gonna
use Maria again?” Morgana gasped. “Ren, no! The last time you used Maria left you almost
dead! We can’t risk it again this time! No way in hell!”
“I’m not gonna use Salvation, Morgana,” Ren quickly reassured him. “A Mediarahan
wouldn’t make as much of a difference compared to Salvation, and it’s a lot less taxing to
use. Plus, Roman, Da Vinci, and Mash are here.” He nodded to the three who were staring at
him in shock once again. “They’ll monitor me and make sure I don’t get into too much
trouble. Worst case, the Servants will rush me to the medbay and probably Roman too. In
fact, I could have Rider give him a lift.”

Roman spluttered at that last remark as Ren grinned teasingly. Through their mental link, he
could sense Rider’s amusement carry through despite everyone’s mutual concern. However,
the air chilled as Da Vinci flashed a look over at Roman, despite her smile remaining beatific
as always. “Ah yes, Roman is known as something of a pervert,” she commented, her warm
tone contrasting very heavily to the drastically dropping air around her. “I’m sure he would
enjoy that.
The doctor cleared his throat and pointedly looked away from Da Vinci to Ren. “Are you sure
you can and want to do this, Ren?” he asked.
Ren nodded and shrugged. “What’s the worst that could happen?” he asked casually.
The resulting groans and complaints only brought a grin to his face.

----------

The Command Center was buzzing with apprehensive and excited murmurs alike. Ren,
Morgana, Mash, Roman, and Da Vinci marched out of the latter’s workshop and went
straight there, drawing the attention of the Chaldean staff. Their gossip only grew as they
approached the Coffins – a very specific of Coffins, in fact. After Lev’s bombing, Team A
had been shoved into the Coffins to preserve their lives. Their readings had been carefully
monitored and, while stable, they weren’t recovering.
The Servants soon joined them. Saber and Archer were closest at hand. Cu and Rider were
near the doors, ready to bolt to whichever direction they were needed. Elizabeth was closer to
the crowd, trying to look grave and serious like she knew what she was doing. Joan had come
out of hiding and was waiting outside the Command Room, to the knowledge of only Cu
Chulainn and Rider. Neither of them acknowledged her though they noted her presence.
Ren took a small breath, ignoring the attention that was on him. Looking at it front the
outside, he noticed just how tiny the Coffins really were. No room to stretch or move about.
If they were shorter in length, they really would be coffins. He hoped none of Team A were
claustrophobic.
“Everyone’s in position, Ren,” Roman called out. He had manned a nearby workstation,
pulling up the statuses of the Masters within. They all knew their roles, whether they were
told or implied. “It’s on you now.”
The Master of Chaldea nodded. It was up to him. He switched his masks within his mind,
once more envisioning tearing it off.
“Maria.”
The persona once more appeared in a flash of blue flame, to the awe of everyone nearby. The
holy aura of the persona was powerful, yet comforting and warm. A few of the Chaldean staff

immediately dropped their hands and whispered a quick prayer, so inspired they were by its
presence – and drawing a few annoyed glances at a small number of their peers. The persona
didn’t pay anyone any mind – it was there only to fulfill Ren’s wishes. With a wave of her
hand, a bright green light glowed around the Coffins, suffusing the air with a fresh spring
breeze. Those who were praying did so more fervently. It was a miracle come true.
Ren immediately collapsed on his knees, gasping for breath. The circuits in his body burned
like he had been scalded. Mash and Morgana immediately ran to his side, calling in concern.
Mustering the last bit of his will, he gave them a weak and tired grin. “It’s alright guys, it’s
fine,” he reassured them, his voice shockingly faint. He looked up. “Doc? How are we
looking?”
Roman, who had stood up and was just about to rush to Ren’s side, blinked in surprise at the
question. Then he looked back at the statuses of the Masters. A second passed. Then two.
Then he shook his head. “Their signs have stabilized, but they’re showing no signs of waking
up,” he replied. “I don’t want to bring them out of cryo yet, just in case. I’ll keep monitoring
their signs in case something changes.”
The Master panted, then sighed. He looked at the Coffins once more. Well, it wasn’t like
Mediarahan was a cure-all, be-all. It was immensely powerful, no doubt, but he wasn’t sure
how much its healing could influence. He closed his eyes, both acceptance and sadness
flowing through him despite the pain coursing through his body. He had done what he could.
And sometimes, in situations like this, it had to be enough.
Then the console beeped, drawing everyone’s attention. Roman glanced back down – and his
eyes widened. “O-one of the Masters is waking!” he announced. Tapping a few keys, he
immediately started bring the Master out of cryo from the coffin. He spun around to the door.
“One of you grab the gurney! NOW!” he roared. Rider moved a hair faster, immediately
darting down the hall in a purple blur.
The doctor raced over as Mash gently led Ren clear from the area. Warning sirens blared
from the Coffin as the temperature within raised and thawing out the person within. A few
tense seconds passed. Then the Coffin opened and a person tumbled out into Roman’s arms
just as Rider arrived with a gurney. Archer and Saber took the person and laid them out in the
portable bed as Roman immediately began doing diagnostic checks.
Ren shambled up, curious as to who it was. A girl wearing an orange plugsuit, with a mop of
even more vivid orange hair. She looked to be about his age, maybe slightly younger. She
was deathly pale and shivering, her body trying to adjust to the temperature. “Get her to the
medbay, now!” Roman commanded. Rider nodded, immediately wheeling the girl off. Cu
Chulainn followed them as a guard just in case.
Roman gulped. There was much to do to stabilize her, but his preliminary diagnostics were
optimistic. He smiled at Ren. “Well, that’s another life saved,” he commented reassuringly.
With that, he left the Command Center to man his own post as a doctor once more.
Da Vinci smiled warmly as the doctor passed her, then turned to the others. “Reinitialize her
Master status!” she ordered. “Reopen all permissions for her for summoning and rayshifting!
Register her once more for Chaldea with all privileges and duties on record!”

“Master Ritsuka Fujimaru!”

Chapter End Notes

Discord here:
https://discord.gg/QKnTuJK3

Chapter 38: Contrasts
Chapter Summary

New ideas, new knowledge, new people.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Time passed remarkably quickly after that. At Mash and Morgana’s insistence, Ren was also
brought to the medbay for a checkup. Lying on the bed, he couldn’t see the new Master he
saved behind the drawn curtain – though he swore he heard some snores coming from the
other side. He blinked at that, then almost broke into a relieved chuckle. Well, she seemed to
be doing just fine regardless.
Roman came around, looking a bit harried but otherwise the happiest he had seen in some
time. “She’s surprisingly tough,” he commented. “After getting warmed up, she just went
straight to sleep.” He glanced over, shaking his head with a quiet chuckle as she murmured
something and turned in her sleep. “She’s always had a lot of energy, that one,” he
murmured.
He looked back over at Ren, tapping a few keys on the computer beside his bed. “Your
readings look fine,” he murmured. “Just typical symptoms of overusing your mana circuits.”
He sighed in relief. “Honestly, I’m just thinking back when you healed Siegfried with that…
persona, you called it? That was definitely scary. Almost lost you there, Ren. Maybe you
could give all of us a break from your… craziness for a bit?”
Ren chuckled, the motion sending arcs of pain running through his body. “I make no
promises, doc,” he replied with a cheeky grin. “So, I guess I’m staying here for the night?”
The doctor hesitated for a second, then shook his head. “No, you don’t need to stay here,” he
replied. “I do recommend getting some rest though. It’s been a long day for all of us, you in
particular.”
“Yeah, I’ve always had to tell him to get some rest,” Morgana grumbled from his seat beside
Ren’s bed. “Don’t worry, Roman – I’ll make sure he doesn’t move a finger from the bed.”
And suddenly Ren remembered how many times Morgana basically told him to go to bed.
How nostalgic.
“I can help get him to his room, Roman,” Mash offered, stepping forward. “You should be
monitoring Ritsuka-senpai, correct?”

Roman blinked in surprise at how forthright Mash was, then nodded slowly. “Er, yeah,” he
replied lamely. “I doubt her condition will change but better safe than sorry. Thanks for
helping out, Mash.”
Mash nodded, stepping closer to the bed as Ren carefully swung his legs off the bed, wincing
in pain. “Here, let me help you, senpai,” she murmured, taking Ren’s arm and placing it over
her shoulders.
Ren winced again at the motion before flashing a pained smile at Mash. “Heh, thanks Mash,”
he gasped. “You’re a lifesaver.” He glanced over at Roman. “And thanks for checking up on
me, doc. Means quite a bit.”
The doctor blinked, then shook his head with a smile. “No, thank you for everything so far,
Ren,” he replied earnestly. “Though I think we’ll be thanking you even more before long.
Now get going. Don’t think you guys want to hang around here much longer.”
The three nodded and slowly made their way out of the medbay, Ren leaning heavily on
Mash. “Hope I’m not too heavy for you, Mash,” Ren joked, giving her an easy grin as he
shambled down the halls as Morgana walked beside them, back in his cat form.
The shielder blinked in surprise and shook her head. “Oh, not at all, senpai!” she quickly
reassured him. “You are very light. I’m thankful I’m able to help!” She was silent as they
continued shuffling along the hallways, Ren grunting every once in a while as something
shifted and caused further pain. “Um, senpai…?” she asked quietly.
“What’s up, Mash?” he responded.
“Um…” She hesitated. It wasn’t like she had one question – she had so many of them that
she couldn’t sort them out in her head. Questions about the details of her senpai’s story.
Questions about what he had kept hidden from her, Roman, and Da Vinci. The places he had
seen, what he had done day to day between all these adventures. He mentioned something
about a doctor using experimental drugs on him. She wanted to know about that. Just so
many things she wanted to ask.
But in the end, she thought back to that time when they sat outside of Bordeaux, waiting for
Marie underneath that tree. “You didn’t mention Sumire, senpai,” she said. “Was she part of
your adventures too? Or was she someone else?”
Ren’s smile froze as Morgana immediately glanced behind him at the question. The
hesitation to answer was clear. Mash opened her mouth to immediately take the question
back when Ren let out a heavy breath, looking far older than he was. “She… she was one of
my companions too, yes,” he answered her quietly, his eyes sorrowful. “She came a bit later
on and her story is… it isn’t mine to tell. I’ll explain that story later on. Just don’t think it’s a
good idea right now. Is that alright with you, Mash?”
Mash blinked at Ren’s candidness, but quickly nodded. “Yes, of course, senpai,” she agreed.
She got another answer at least – or rather, even more questions now. As usual, whenever she
discovered one thing about him, another three mysteries took their place. She couldn’t help

but feel both sad and frustrated at the whole affair. Was this really as far as she could go at
this point?
Before long, they were in front of Ren’s bedroom. He slipped his arm off Mash and smiled
painfully over at her. “Guess this is our stop,” he commented with a small laugh. “Thanks so
much, Mash. Guess I’ll see you in a bit, then.”
The shielder hesitated, then nodded. “Yes, of course. See you in a bit, senpai.” With that, she
turned to walk away. It was clear she had much to think about.
Ren and Morgana watched her as she walked away before stepping into their room. Morgana
hopped up onto a dresser, watching Ren shuffle and waited until the door closed. “You didn’t
tell them about Maruki,” he noted. It wasn’t a question, but the statement more or less begged
for an explanation nevertheless.
The Master sighed as he sat down on the bed. “Didn’t think they needed to know about him
or his cognitive world for now,” he explained. “A place where everyone’s dreams could come
true? It definitely sounds beyond tempting, you have to admit, Morgana. And at the end of
the day, it’s not exactly very different from what we did with Yaldabaoth: Defeat him, take
the Treasure, and watch the world turn back to normal. That’s really all they need to know for
now.”
Morgana’s tail twitched as he hopped down from the dresser and back up to Ren’s bed, sitting
down beside him. “And you were also worried about the other Servants?” he guessed, staring
up at Ren curiously.
Ren blinked, then chuckled ruefully. “Can’t hide anything from you, can I?” he asked
rhetorically as he reached over to pet Morgana once more, who purred under his touch. His
smile soon faded, however, as he thought back to the implications.
“From what we know, a Servant is defined by their deeds in life,” he murmured. “After all,
they were these legendary heroes, warriors or…. Or even monsters.” Rider flashed quickly in
his mind as he said the last part. “If they were granted a paradise like that, where everything
went right for them, how would they take it? Do you think they’d agree with us or be angry
that we took that away from them?”
Morgana opened his mouth, then closed it as he thought. “I… I don’t know,” he answered
hesitantly, his tail curling in front of his paws. “I don’t expect everyone to agree with us, but
what Servants have been through were far worse than anything a normal person ever has to
deal with. It defined their legends, sure, but… is that something they wanted in the end? I
mean, maybe Cu Chulainn or Saber would, but…” He trailed off, unable to come to a solid
conclusion.
Ren in turn nodded soberly. “Yeah, I thought much the same,” he agreed. “They fought
alongside us, sure, but that was just for a bit. And honestly, we really don’t know anything
about them. Maybe it’ll change later but right now? It’s hard to say.” He painfully stood up
and made his way to the dresser, slowly changing out of his Chaldea Master uniform and into
his pajamas. “So yeah, better to keep that to ourselves for now.”

After he finished changing, he slipped into bed as Morgana curled up on top of him once
more. Reaching to the control panel, he turned off the lights. He didn’t go straight to sleep
yet, staring up at the complete darkness as he felt his body throb from the magic circuit
usage.
They had revealed almost as much as they could to Mash, Da Vinci, Roman, and their
Servants. Could they trust them with information about the Velvet Room or the Sea of Souls?
Or of Maruki and the paradise he promised? Could they ever?
“Hey, Morgana?” he whispered.
“Hm? What is it, Ren?” Morgana asked. It was clear he wasn’t falling asleep immediately
either.
“Have you thought more about Servants?” Ren asked hesitantly. “We already said it
ourselves, they act, talk, and can even eat like people can. They even have Palaces. But in
order to win this and get humanity back, we have to… we need to…” His words faltered him
at the last moment, eventually trailing into silence. The air hung heavily between them as
they contemplated his words.
Morgana eventually broke the silence. “Honestly, we shouldn’t think about it too much,” he
concluded reluctantly. “We’ll just do what we can, like we always do. We can think about it
afterward, after humanity’s been saved and everyone comes back. We’ll have plenty of time
then. For now, we should just rest. It’s going to be a long day tomorrow. And for a long while
yet, probably.”
Ren hesitated, then nodded. “Yeah, you’re right,” he agreed quietly. “We should recover
however we can. Sleep well, Morgana.”
“Yeah. You too, Ren.”
With that, both Masters closed their eyes in an attempt to sleep. Laden with troubling
thoughts, it would be a while before either of them drifted off.
Unknown to both, Rider silently drifted out of the room in spiritual form. Her instincts had
told her the two would talk about what they had left out of their debriefing once they reached
their rooms, and it had been correct. Evading the attention of the other Servants as she made
her way in was tricky but not impossible as everyone else had been mulling over the
debriefing in turn.
The news that the two were offered a paradise and they turned it down was beyond mindboggling for her. A place where everyone’s dreams could come true. Her heart hitched as she
thought about it. Her sisters with her once more. Untouched and undefiled by her. They
would stand with each other, shoulder to shoulder, laughing and playing pranks on the
various mortals they encountered, uncaring about the hardships of the world around them.
Was that something that was achievable? Was it something she even deserved in the end?

As she moved, she passed by the simulator and noticed that it was actively being used. That
surprised her. Most of the other Servants were out and about, mulling over their own
thoughts. Who would be using it at this time?
Curiosity getting the better of her, she passed through the normally closed doors. The training
ground clearing was the same as always, though it was unoccupied. On the far side was a
waterfall that fell into a pond, the excess water flowing into a stream that disappeared into the
nearby woods. Sitting at the edge of the pond was the Lancer, Elizabeth, holding a fishing
rod.
The sight of the normally boisterous and loud Lancer doing something so… sedate took her
by surprise. First it was Joan with reading, now the infamous Elizabeth Bathory fishing. She
quietly approached, becoming visible once she was a certain distance away. “I did not expect
such an activity to be of your interest, Elizabeth Bathory,” she murmured, her words only
barely audible above the roar of the waterfall.
The Lancer jumped in shock, nearly falling into the pond as she stared at the Rider with wide
eyes. “Jeez, give some warning, would ya?” she snapped. Then she groaned in frustration.
“And now look at what you’ve done! You made me scare the fish away!” Growling, she
pulled up the rod to make sure the bait was still there before casting the line out again,
grumbling ill-temperedly.
Medusa could only watch at the very odd sight of the fluffily dressed Elizabeth once more
settling down to fish. Moving quietly, she moved beside the countess and sat down. The
Lancer’s eyes flicked over to her but otherwise didn’t comment, focusing instead on the line.
They sat in silence for a while, waiting for a bite. The sound of the roaring waterfall, the cool
breeze from the mist, the rippling waters… despite everything, it was rather soothing for her.
Fresher than the sea air at the very least.
“I did not expect you to take up fishing,” Medusa murmured once more, staring out over the
water, watching the slight movements of the string form ripples along the surface. “Do you
find it enjoyable? Or is there another reason?”
Elizabeth sighed. “I tried it back in Orleans,” she explained. “It… I dunno, I saw the puppy
doing it and thought I’d give it a shot myself. It was… nicer than I expected, I guess? It
helped me organize my thoughts, surprisingly. And I had a lot of those after the two of us
talked.” She bobbed the line a bit to try and entice any fish. “The simulator surprisingly had
one of these just lying beside the pond so I thought ‘you know, why not.’ So here I am.”
Medusa nodded in consideration. “What do you think of our Masters’ story, then?” she asked
as she looked back out over the lake.
The Lancer was silent for a moment. “I guess puppy does know what being an idol takes,”
she grudgingly admitted. “How he and his little group got famous and then that Okumura
business… I’m a solo act. There’s no room on the stage for anyone besides me, so I guess
I’m a little superior in that regard. But that doesn’t mean my act’s infallible. After all, I know
well enough how quickly the public can turn on you.”

“As an idol or as a countess?” Medusa quietly inquired.
She scoffed in return. “What kind of question is that?” she asked acidly. “You know damn it’s
both. A reputation takes months, if not years to build, and only a single night to obliterate.
Whether it’s your own fault or your enemies, it doesn’t matter. Just a couple of the right
words and the right people and poof – suddenly everyone who ever loved you now hates your
guts.”
“Still, can’t mope about it,” Elizabeth concluded as she toyed with the fishing rod a bit more.
“Puppy managed to climb back up to the top and even showed his enemies what’s what! And
I’m an idol and a Servant! If I can’t match the puppy as a shining star like that, then I have no
right to call myself an idol! I’ll show him – and everyone – that I can outshine who I was as a
countess!” Then her eyes widened and she slapped a hand over her own mouth. “Damnit, I
scared the fish again,” she hissed in frustration.
Medusa could only blink in surprise underneath her blindfold at Elizabeth’s singlemindedness. The entire story and that was all she got out of it? The comparisons to her
dreams and goals as an idol? It seemed honestly rather shallow, given everything their
Masters had just relayed to them. Then once more, the image of her sisters standing by her
appeared once more in her mind’s eye, and her grip tightened around her knees once more.
Who was she calling shallow? At least Elizabeth’s dreams were achievable. Hers were
nothing more than a pipe dream – especially for a monster like her.
“Tell me something, Elizabeth,” she murmured, barely trusting herself to speak and trying to
keep her tone of voice as even as possible. “If it were possible to live in a world where all
your dreams came true no matter what, and both you and everyone else could be happy with
no strings attached, would you live in such a world?”
The Lancer turned fully to face Medusa in surprise. “Huh? Where did this question come
from?” she asked.
“Humor me.”
Elizabeth turned back to the pond, staring at where the line sank into the water and frowning.
“A world where all my dreams came true no matter what, huh…?” she pondered. “That does
sound nice. I’d be able to achieve my dream as an idol with a drop of a hat, and everything
else besides. The beloved idol Eli-Chan, worshipped and loved by all. I’d barely have to lift a
finger. But…”
She blew out her cheeks as she thought some more. “Part of the reason why I wanted to be an
idol was to create an image for myself AS an idol, not as the bloody countess I’m
remembered as,” she murmured. “If it was just… given to me, that whole goal would seem
kinda… hollow, I guess? Like there’s no meaning to it. I wouldn’t be an idol in my mind,
since it was through my own efforts – I’d still be the countess playing at being an idol. Does
that make any sense?”
After a moment, she shook her head furiously. “Ugh, I’m no good at talking like that,” she
muttered. “Point is, I wanna BE the idol, Eli-Chan, that everyone loves and worships by my

own two hands. That way I can own that image and scrub away myself as that bloody
countess. And I don’t need some world that can grant me dreams to do that! I’ll mesmerize
everyone with my charms easily! Look-!”
She caught her volume increasing and lowered it to a whisper. “Look out, world! Here comes
Eli-Chan!” she quietly cheered.
Medusa could only stare at the Lancer before looking back out over the pond once again. So
even if she was offered such a world, she wouldn’t take it? And it was because she had her
own goals she wanted to achieve with her own two hands? That was possible?
The Rider thought back to the Shapeless Isle, where it had just been her and her sisters.
Where she had to fend off countless warriors, becoming more and more monstrous to do so.
Then before long, devouring her own sisters in a fit of inescapable hunger to become a true
monster in turn. Her own dream was different. It was unachievable, no matter what she tried.
Perhaps she was one of those who would benefit from such a paradise after all…?
Suddenly, the line pulled, catching the attention of both Servants. Elizabeth immediately
stood up and began tugging hard at the rod, reeling it in. “Come – on – here!” she growled
out, glaring at the taut line as her quarry pulled and struggled, bending the rod. Then with a
final heave, the Lancer pulled – and out splashed a large trout, flapping wildly against the
line. It swung towards her where the Lancer’s waiting hand caught the line.
“I – I did it!” she gasped. Then she noticed the Rider staring at her and cleared her throat,
drawing herself up. “Of course I did! Nothing is impossible for the idol Eli-Chan, after all!”
she proudly proclaimed, holding up the still-flapping fish – and flinching mildly as it
splashed some water on her.
The Rider was silent as she stared at the fish. She had been contemplating her own dreams
and desires, wishing for the past once more. Yet here was Elizabeth Bathory, a monster one
could argue was worse than her, deciding to do the opposite and chase after a future. The
Elizabeth Bathory of the past would have scoffed at being an idol and never would have
considered taking up fishing as a hobby. Perhaps that was why she was able to resist the call
of such a paradise? Because a dream world wouldn’t grant her a future she wanted?
Medusa had much to contemplate.
Her attention was drawn once more as the Lancer began to proudly march off with her catch,
no doubt heading to the kitchens with her prize. “You realize we are in the simulation room,
correct?” she quietly asked. “That fish is nothing more than data, unfortunately – we
wouldn’t be able to eat that.”
The Lancer’s resulting frustration as she paused and began stomping around in realization
drew a small smile to Medusa’s face. She had time to think about it. And there was nothing
that said she couldn’t have a bit of fun while she did so as well. The future was still there,
after all.
Her Masters would make sure of it.

—-------

The sound of the gentle piano reached Ren’s ears again as he got up from the bunk. Glancing
down, he saw he was still in his Chaldean uniform. Well, while it wasn’t his Phantom Thief
regalia, it was certainly better than the prison uniform. He thought that perhaps with the
resolution of the Orleans singularity, something would change with himself in the Velvet
Room, but it didn’t seem to be that easy anyway.
He stepped out of his cell and was greeted by both a familiar and unfamiliar sight: Igor at his
table, perpetually grinning as always and Lavenza smiling up at him as she held the ruined
Compendium underneath her arm. In contrast, Olga had her arms crossed, frowning slightly.
Ren had to wonder if she ever smiled. The tough act could only last for so long and did more
harm than good anyway.
He knew that mask well, after all.
“Well done, my dear guest,” Igor crowed. “You were able to show trust in your new Chaldean
allies, but not naively. And I must extend my thanks to you – you heeded my warnings and
kept the existence of the Velvet Room a secret. I am very grateful.”
Olga nodded. “A good thing you did, Amamiya,” she agreed. “From what I could tell of the
Velvet Room, as I’m sure Igor and Lavenza have told you, any magi would be doing their
utmost to get in here as a method to reach the Root – and would cause untold harm to
basically all of humanity trying to do so.”
She sighed aridly as she held her head in her hand. “Really, I knew you were troublesome
when I first witnessed your abilities firsthand, but I didn’t expect the troubles to run this
deep. You are truly a handful, Amamiya.”
“Oh?” Lavenza inquired with a tilt of her head. “Yet when I was showing you the various
Personas my Trickster had wielded in the past, you were silent and slack-jawed in awe and
admiration, were you not? Perhaps you would like to see for yourself? I’m certain I have the
image around somewhere here-“
“Th-th-that is quite unnecessary!” she quickly stammered, her face turning into a bright hue
of red. “It was m-merely a showing of the p-p-powers that had caught me off g-guard, and ththe contrast b-between such d-divine entities compared to his a-attire which is q-quite the ffeat considering th-they were eye-catching – because of their make! I d-didn’t expect them to
be of such good make, after all, and- What are you laughing at, Amamiya?!?”
She rounded on Ren who had clapped a hand to his mouth, trying not to burst out laughing.
“Oh, n-nothing, nothing at all, O-Olga,” Ren gasped out between chuckles. Honestly, it was
like dealing with Caroline all over again, but coming from Olga, it was all the more amusing.
He couldn’t help but laugh at that. Frankly, it always felt like forever since he last laughed no
matter what he did.

A rather sad thought now that he considered it.
The former director cleared her throat and took a deep breath as she attempted to regain her
composure. “At any rate,” she continued, her words coming through as a minor hiss of
frustration. “It would seem Romani and Da Vinci believe your story and about my survival.
You did well memorizing my aria. Though I’ve no doubt you’ve many questions regardless.”
Ren nodded. “Yeah, a lot,” he admitted. “But I’ll stick with a few. The two of them were
talking about the Reverse Side of the World, where apparently mythological beings inhabit? I
have to ask, is it the Sea of Souls?”
“No,” Lavenza answered with a shake of her head. “While the Reverse Side of the World is
now home to many fantastical beings, it is not the Sea of Souls. The Sea encompasses the
whole World and all its living beings, regardless of its textures. Every living being has a
shadow, and where there are shadows, there will be a Sea of Souls regardless.”
That bit of news took Ren slightly off guard. Come to think of it, he never really questioned
the workings of the Velvet Room, taking them for granted for his personas and powers.
Thinking about it, with the briefing of magecraft and how the World seemed to work, the
Velvet Room was definitely some place truly fantastical even among all the Servants and
magi he met. What did Igor call the Velvet Room? A place between dream and reality, mind
and matter. Maybe it was even more amazing than he thought…?
No. That didn’t matter. He wasn’t a magus and frankly, the less he knew, the better. He would
rather not let slip something that would pin a target to his back. He learned that all too well
from Ryuji. He loved him like a brother, but it was extremely tempting to smack him upside
the head with how loud he was.
“While I understand you have many questions of us, my dear guest,” Igor spoke up. “I would
be wary of having them answered. There are many secrets to the Velvet Room that will haunt
your mind should you know them. As one of your famous philosophers once said, ‘If you
stare into the abyss, the abyss stares back into you.’ Granted, it was for a different meaning
entirely – though ironically, it is one that is still relevant to you as well.”
Well, Igor couldn’t be more ominous if he tried. Ren decided to switch subjects. “How are
you liking here in the Velvet Room, Olga?” he asked, looking curiously over at her. “It’s
gotta be different than anything else outside.”
Olga blinked in surprise at the question before frowning again – this time in thought. “It’s…
certainly an experience,” she admitted, glancing over at Igor and Lavenza, both of whom
were curious for her answer as well.
“There is much to learn here,” she said. “Concepts that most magi only theorize before
discarding them while operating with a source of power any of them would kill to access.
Though I believe it’s because both Igor and any residents do their utmost to make sure
anything they stumble across leads to dead ends.” She glanced over to Igor and Lavenza as
their smiles widened ever so slightly. Neither of them needed to elaborate on that front.

“While it does get a bit… monotonous here, I have many studies to occupy my time,” she
added. “Quite honestly, this isn’t far too different than when I was back at the Clock Tower.
Hopefully I will achieve better results than when I was back there…”
She drifted off slightly, her expression melancholy before immediately catching herself. “Of
course, you need not worry on that front, Amamiya,” she huffed. “I bear the pride of a magus
through and through. I will master the knowledge here and be of assistance to you. Never fear
on that front.”
Ren smiled and nodded. “I’ve no doubt you will,” he agreed cordially. He looked over at Igor
and Lavenza. “Hey, I don’t suppose you guys mind if I take Olga out into Chaldea for a
stroll? I’m sure Mash, Da Vinci, and Roman would be more than happy to see her again.”
Both Igor and Lavenza froze. Though Igor’s perpetual grin never dropped, his eyes told a
different story. “I deeply apologize, my dear guest,” he said gently. “Unfortunately, Olga may
not step foot outside the Velvet Room. It is not a matter of trust – I fully believe she will not
betray us to her fellow magi – but a matter of means.”
Igor looked directly at Ren with a grave gaze. “Olga does not have a corporeal body,” he
explained. “Her form and existence are currently maintained by the energies of the Velvet
Room. You have saved a portion of her soul, and with the arts of the Velvet Room we were
able to reconstitute her, but no more than that.”
The Master’s face fell as he looked in horror at Olga. She… she was trapped in the Velvet
Room? She couldn’t get out or talk to anyone? A small portion of his mind wanted to believe
that Igor lied to him – after all, Yaldabaoth had done so when he was disguised as Igor – but
he knew that wasn’t the case. Igor would never lie to him, especially on such a serious matter.
The cells that he had grown accustomed to were thrown into sharp relief in his peripheral
vision once more.
Did he do the right thing? Did he just condemn her to another horrific fate?
Olga in the meantime sighed aridly. “You two know him far too well,” she grumbled, glaring
at Ren who blinked in surprise at her words. “Didn’t think he’d blame himself to this level.”
Lavenza reluctantly giggled. “It should come as no surprise,” she replied softly. “I have been
standing by my Trickster’s side all this time after all. His strength and cunning are only
matched by his compassion to aid those in need and grant freedom to those around him.
Thus, his grief and self-flagellation for your fate is only to be expected of him, despite all
reassurances.”
The former director huffed before marching forward and flicked Ren right in the forehead.
“Enough of that,” she snapped. “Yes, I may be stuck in the Velvet Room, but honestly, there’s
far worse fates – like being thrown into a burning CHALDEAS. At least here, I still can take
the initiative and assist you in saving mankind and humanity. And Igor and Lavenza have
made it clear that, should I have wished for it, they simply could’ve released me and allowed
me to pass on. I chose this burden and duties of my own will.”

Her glowing, yellow eyes met Ren’s surprised grey ones. “You gave me a chance,
Amamiya,” she stated. “This was my choice made by my will: To assist you and to bring
back humanity. I wanted to take this burden, so don’t you dare beat yourself up over this. You
may be a Phantom Thief – and I daresay a truly great one – but you are not so arrogant or
great that you can be responsible for every single person, even those you have saved.”
She crossed her arms. “Besides, Igor and Lavenza have been nothing less than kind and
understanding, both to my situation and towards my studies,” she finished. “So being
confined to the Velvet Room is not nearly as horrible as you believe, Amamiya. I swear this
on my pride as an Animusphere.”
Ren could only blink, rubbing his slightly sore forehead at Olga’s words. Then he broke
down laughing. “Right, right,” he replied between a few chuckles. He gave her a glad grin.
“Didn’t expect someone as prideful as you to be fine with being stuck in the Velvet Room
unless you were absolutely okay with it. You’re a lot stronger than anyone gave you credit
for, Olga. That fake Lev really underestimated you, to be honest.”
Once more, Olga turned a bright shade of red. She couldn’t form a response this time, stuck
with her mouth open as she tried to say something – yet every single word got caught in her
throat.
Igor and Lavenza joined in on Ren’s delighted laughter. Olga would do just fine in the Velvet
Room.

-----------

Ren yawned as he stepped out of the shower, drying himself. He had woken up a bit earlier
than usual, and though he was tired, he couldn’t exactly get back to sleep. Morgana was of a
different opinion, still curled up on the bed. Normally the catlike being would be demanding
that Ren go back to sleep, but given recent events had drained him. He grumbled at most as
Ren got up but otherwise stayed sleeping.
Opening his dresser, he dug through his luggage for another set of clothes. As he did,
something slid out of the bag. A singular black glove. Ren picked it up and stared at it. He
hadn’t even realized he packed this with him. It must’ve gotten mixed up with the laundry
back home.
It was the day before they were about to steal Sae’s Treasure. Akechi had confessed his
hatred toward him, took off one of his gloves, and tossed it at him – an archaic method of
challenging him. Ren had hung out with Akechi and quickly pieced together that, underneath
his polite, pleasant exterior, there was a seething anger and hatred that broiled within him.
The contrast between the two sent chills down everyone’s spines.
Frankly, when Akechi dropped the act in Maruki’s dream world and acted like a borderline
madman, it was ironically far more comfortable to deal with than when he adopted his fake

mannerisms.
Ren’s door beeped, catching his attention. Someone was outside. Probably Mash – she
seemed to be in the habit of waking him up during the mornings when she could. They could
probably meet up for breakfast. Archer was probably cooking, though knowing her, she’d
want curry anyway. And just about everyone in the facility wanted his coffee. He would
definitely need to teach Archer more about brewing or he’d be overwhelmed by demand
alone. He never had to brew so much back in LeBlanc.
But then, given the café’s clientele was about maybe twenty people on a good day, that
wasn’t exactly saying much…
“One sec!” he called over his shoulder as he slipped on his clothes. As much fun as it was to
tease Mash, he wasn’t exactly going to strut to the door naked. He still had a sense of dignity.
Once he did so, he opened the door, expecting to see the lilac-haired girl – and instead was
met with the smiling doctor Roman. “Oh, doc, didn’t expect to see you,” Ren said.
Roman smiled. “Good morning, Ren,” he greeted cheerily. “I was wondering if you could do
me a favor today. Could you bring these documents over to Ritsuka for me?” So saying, he
held out a small bundle of papers. “They’re nothing critical – merely her medical results as
well as some other miscellaneous things.”
The Master raised an eyebrow. “She’s released already?” he asked, taking the papers
regardless. “And isn’t that supposed to be your job?”
The doctor laughed ruefully. “She recovered a lot faster than I expected, enough that she
could recover in her own room,” he explained. “And well, truth be told, my plate’s kind of
full at the moment,” he replied, scratching the back of his neck. “Besides, I thought it would
be a good opportunity to introduce yourself to her! It would be a good idea to be familiar
with her, after all.”
Ren glanced down at the papers. Didn’t seem anything untoward. “Is your plate full because
you’re working or because of Magi*Mari?” he deadpanned, glancing up at the doctor with an
amused expression.
Roman froze comically, his grin now looking very forced. “Well, look at the time, I really
must go,” he said hurriedly. “Thank you so much for this, Ren! You’re a real lifesaver!” With
that, he took off down the hallway with as much speed as he could professionally muster –
literally just short of a breakneck dash. Ren watched him disappear around a corner with a
smirk before heading back in – and saw Morgana already transformed into his Metaverse
form, stretching.
“You got all that?” Ren asked rhetorically.
“Yep,” Morgana replied. “While the doctor needs to do his job, he’s right that at least it’d be a
good opportunity to introduce ourselves to her.” He hopped down from the bed. “Come on.
Hopefully she’s not still asleep or anything.”

Ren nodded. With that, they went down the hallways. Roman had helpfully included a small
map and room number so they could easily find it. Before long, they were standing outside
Ritsuka’s room. He hit the button – essentially the doorbell – for the room and waited. “It’s
open!” a girl’s voice cheerily yelled out. Ren and Morgana glanced at each other before the
former pressed another button and the door slid open –
And were assaulted with a veritable ocean of red and black.
The two gaped. The entire room was decorated with Phantom Thief memorabilia. Little
figures sat on her desk and bedside table. Posters of the Phantom Thieves adorned the walls,
capped with a large ‘TAKE YOUR HEART’ flag right above her bed. Notebooks, stationary,
and even fan-made calling cards were sitting nearby. And Ren could swear he saw a familiar
red leather outfit sticking out of the overfilled dresser.
Ritsuka herself was on the bed, straining as she put up yet another poster in the last vestige of
space on the wall. She had also changed into the Chaldea Master’s uniform as well, with her
orange hair tied up into a small side ponytail. “Come – on – here!” she growled out before
jumping up, taping the poster in place. “There!” she said, satisfied.
Neither of the other two knew where to start, just looking around the room. They hadn’t
expected the other Master to be… well, frankly, a ginormous Phangirl. Even Mishima would
probably tell her to calm down a bit. Ren cleared his throat. “We got some medical reports
from the doctor,” he said, trying to change the subject as he held up the stack of papers.
The girl rolled her eyes as she got off the bed and bounced towards them. “Was he that busy
with Magi*Mari to give them himself?” she asked rhetorically before grinning again and
taking the papers. “Ah well, I suppose he gets a pass for now. I’ve been meaning to meet you
anyway – you’re the one that tried to heal me and the others in Team A, right? Thanks so
much for that!”
Then she blinked. “Ah, I suppose I should probably introduce myself properly,” she said,
snapping her fingers. She grinned broadly at the two. “I’m Ritsuka Fujimaru, a Master! Just
call me Ritsu!” she proclaimed. Then she deflated slightly. “Well, I say that but that’s really
about all I’m good for compared to most other magi,” she added with a shrug and a chuckle.
She looked them over. “You’re Ren Amamiya and Morgana, right?” she said. “Roman
already told me about you two. Nice to meet you two! Looking forward to working with you!
Still…” She stepped a bit closer and looked Ren up and down with a smile curling her lips. “I
didn’t expect my savior to be such a hunk~”
Ren felt shivers go up his spine and heat rush to his face. Okay, he hadn’t expected her to be
this forward and – was this how the other girls felt when he talked to them? “So, um, I see
you’re a huge fan of the Phantom Thieves,” he decided to comment, trying his hardest to
change the subject.
He pointedly ignored the sound of Morgana snickering beside him. That cat was getting
button-mashed later.

Ritsuka grinned and spread her arms. “You could tell?” she asked rhetorically. “Yeah, I heard
about them all the way back in America – it was big news at the time! Taking down that
scumbag teacher to start with and making their way up to a freaking Prime Minister? That’s
awesome beyond belief!”
The energetic Master grinned at them. “They’re honestly a lot of what the world needs
nowadays – something to remind people that there’s people standing up for them and to take
down corrupt evildoers! I’ve seen enough of those types to last a lifetime, thank you very
much!”
She looked over her room. “A lot of these cost a pretty penny,” she admitted. “Imports aren’t
exactly cheap. I had to find them either online or at some corner foreign shop – all while
dodging scalpers. It wasn’t a fun time, I can tell you that much.”
She moved over to a bunch of figures standing at her desk. “It was particularly hard finding
this entire set here,” she explained. “Everyone and their mother has a Joker, but the other
ones are so much rarer, like you wouldn’t even believe it. And especially this… particular…
one…”
The pause in Ritsuka’s words caught both Ren and Morgana’s attention. They glanced over to
her and followed her gaze – and directly to a figure of Morgana sitting there. Ritsuka whirled
about, staring hard at Morgana.
Then she looked at the figure.
Then she looked at Morgana again.
Then the figure.
Then Morgana.
Ritsuka then stared at Ren, once more looking him up and down, albeit for an entirely
different reason this time. She dashed over to the dresser and opened it – and was nearly
buried in an avalanche of clothing and yet more Phantom Thief memorabilia. Both Ren and
Morgana watched, bewildered as the girl dug through the pile, looking for something
desperately. They could only look at each other and shrug in confusion.
Suddenly, Ritsuka grabbed something from the pile, dashed over to the two of them, and
almost slammed it into Ren’s face. She looked up at his face, and her face paled and her eyes
widened as she stepped back in abject shock and horror. Ren reached up blinking and took it
off, and saw what it was: A copy of his mask.
Then the girl shrieked and tried shoving them out of her room, only to trip over an article of
clothing and fall splat on her face. “Ow, ow,” she mumbled as she got up, holding her head.
Then she looked back up at the two, shrieked again, and dived straight for her bed,
immediately burying herself under the covers and pillows. The two could only stare at the
quivering pile in the bed, emitting muffled screams, then stare at each other.

And thus, Ritsuka Fujimaru, one of the last Masters in the world and Phangirl Extraordinaire,
met the Phantom Thieves.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here:
https://discord.gg/QKnTuJK3

Chapter 39: Ritsu
Chapter Summary

The new Master is certainly a handful.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There was nothing but silence in the room. Everyone present was surrounded by the grinning,
confident faces of the Phantom Thieves. Figures stood proudly on the table, littered with red
and black stationery. The dresser was swung wide open, allowing its contents of clothes and
costumes to lay in an undignified heap on the ground. The red and black was almost
overwhelming to nearly anyone’s eyes and painted the owner of the room as an unabashed
Phangirl.
There in that room sat two of the Phantom Thieves of Hearts themselves, staring at the
quivering pile of blankets and pillows on the bed that was the aforementioned Phangirl.
Nobody knew exactly how to open a conversation. After all, how does one begin a
conversation with one who was an enormous fan of theirs and was practically melting down
in her panic? Alternatively, how did one exactly start a conversation with their idols when
they were sitting about five feet away from her after showing one’s utter obsession with them
wholeheartedly? Especially after the incineration of humanity forcing them all into close
quarters?
It certainly was a small world.
“So, I guess we should say that we’re flattered you love our work so much,” Ren said, unable
to hold back a grin. Ritsu squeaked and seemed to bury herself even deeper into her bed.
Morgana shot a glare at Ren. “Come on, Ritsu,” he called out coaxingly. “We’re not mad or
anything – we’re just… um… a bit bewildered by all this. We didn’t expect you to be such a
huge fan of ours is all. Um… can you come out so we could have a proper conversation?
Maybe?”
“Don’t wanna,” came the muffled reply. “Oh god, this is beyond embarrassing. The Phantom
Thieves are here and in my room and working alongside me to bring back humanity and here
they found out I’m a huge, huge fan and they saw it all and I realized it too late and someone
please just kill me NOW!” She screeched the last word as she somehow burrowed yet deeper
into her pile.
Ren chuckled awkwardly. “Well, it’s certainly something, I get that much,” he admitted,
sitting back in the chair and looking around casually at the different memorabilia. “Honestly,

I thought Da Vinci would be the only Phangirl around here – didn’t expect anyone else to be
either.”
The pile moved upward slightly as Ritsu raised her head. “Wait, Da Vinci’s a Phangirl too?”
she asked.
Morgana scoffed. “Yeah,” he replied. “She found us out from Shido’s calling card. Guess it
was kinda obvious – our silhouettes give us away. Especially mine – I’m pretty unique after
all. Lemme guess, you saw the calling card too?”
“Well, duh,” came the immediate reply. “Everyone saw that calling card. It even got uploaded
to YouTube. Pretty sure it got about six or seven million views before it got taken down.
Even then, I think I saw some other uploads of it anyway. You know what they say about the
internet – what goes on the internet stays on the internet.” Then she let out another strangled
noise. “Oh god I made it awkward again! Whyyyy?!? Just end my life PLEASE!!”
The two glanced at each other. “We’re not gonna get really far like this,” Morgana muttered.
“Oi, you’re one of the last Masters of Chaldea, aren’t you? If we’re working together, we
need to fill you in on a lot. So get yourself out of there – it’s gonna be a doozy.”
The pile on the bed stilled. Eventually it raised itself up, with Ritsu’s flushed face poking out
like a cocoon. “Well, better conversation than wallowing in embarrassment, I suppose,” she
sighed. “So, give me the sitrep – what’s been happening? Starting from what happened after
the bombing. Roman gave me a lowdown but nothing detailed; he thought my recovery was
more important.”
The Phantom Thieves glanced at each other, wondering where to even start. They began
filling her in, starting with the Fuyuki Singularity – their new magecraft, the Caster Cu
Chulainn, shadow Servants, and finally Lev and Olga. Ren was about to repeat Olga’s aria
when Ritsu popped her hand out of the blanket to stop him. “No need,” she said casually. “I
trust you. If you told Roman, Da Vinci, and Mash this and they’re okay with it, then I’m okay
with it too.”
“You sure it’s not because we’re the only ones available to do this?” Ren asked skeptically,
raising an eyebrow.
Ritsu shook her head, moving more pillows and blankets aside. “Nope,” she replied easily.
“If that were the case, you wouldn’t ever be sent to meet me, let alone be believed in the first
place. What you guys are telling me is honestly ridiculous, not gonna lie, but then…” Her
eyes shone as she stared at the two of them. “If you guys really are the Phantom Thieves,
then that’s to be expected right?”
The two could only look away, unable to meet her enthusiasm head-on. That simplified
things considerably, at least. They really had to wonder just how much her being a Phangirl
would color their interactions with each other but honestly, it couldn’t be helped at this point.
They had to trust their backs to one another, after all. They just hoped they could get things
ironed out before long.

Before launching into explaining the Orleans singularity, they explained their powers. It
couldn’t be helped and frankly, the more she knew about it the less shocked or surprised she
would be if Ren pulled out Satan or Metatron once more. They explained to her the concepts
of Personas and Palaces, as well as shadows and cognitions. As they explained, the blankets
and pillows fell from around Ritsu as she crossed her arms, thinking hard as they explained.
Once they were done, there was a moment of silence as Ritsu processed the information. “We
realize that what we just explained seems rather unbelievable and crazy,” Morgana began.
“But what we’re telling you is the truth. Er… did you understand what we explained by the
way?”
Frankly, neither of them would be surprised if she didn’t. Only Makoto and Futaba, both
incredibly intelligent, understood it on the first go. Yusuke, Haru, and Sumire needed a bit
longer to process the concept while Ryuji and Ann had been the slowest to grasp them.
Ritsu blinked and peered over at them. “Well, yeah,” she said simply. “Basically, you go into
a person’s mind, which takes the shape of whatever deviousness they’ve been up to, you use
your own mind and personality powers and beat the crud out of them while taking whatever
made them that kooky to begin with – and that’s their Treasure, right? Sounds pretty
straightforward to me, to be honest.”
Both Ren and Morgana blinked with surprise. “Er, yeah,” Morgana stammered. “That, uh,
about sums it up, actually,” he stammered. “Wait, you’re not even the tiniest bit skeptical?
When we explained this stuff to Roman, Da Vinci, and Mash, their jaws were about to
literally drop on the floor. They were calling the cognitive world another ‘texture’ of the
World or something.”
The girl shrugged. “Honestly, it makes sense,” she replied casually. “After all, how else
would you make people like your targets confess so genuinely on live broadcasts? Blackmail
wouldn’t work and neither would coercion. Plus, the guys you nabbed were pretty powerful,
meaning it probably wouldn’t work anyway.”
She sat back on the bed, holding her knees close as she did so. “So the method you told me
may be completely bonkers but hey, it checks out. What was that one saying Mash always
told me? ‘If you remove the impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must
be the truth.’”
“Sherlock Holmes,” Ren said, recognizing the quote. “To be kind of honest, I’m a bit
surprised you’re so…”
Ritsu beamed. “I’m so what?” she asked eagerly. “Smart? Clever? Bright? Cute? Hot?” With
each adjective, her grin grew more and more teasing as she leaned towards him more and
more on the bed, her eyes burrowing into Ren, causing the young man to stumble a bit as he
leaned away in response. She broke out into a giggle. “Didn’t expect the leader of the
Phantom Thieves to be so shy, but it’s adorable,” she commented brightly.
Ren gave a nervous smile back. Honestly, he didn’t know precisely what to make of Ritsu.
She was extremely cheerful and forward, getting into his face easily. None of the girls he met
were ever so forward. The most was Sumire who managed to confess to him that one night in

LeBlanc, but even then, it was fairly ordinary. Not even Ann matched Ritsu’s boldness and
energy.
Honestly, it was rather overwhelming, but not in a bad way. If anything, he found the change
of pace refreshing overall. Ironically, it got him to relax as opposed to being on edge. ‘What
you see is what you get’ was Ren’s impression, and in a time where everyone wore masks –
both literally and metaphorically – it was a very welcome change.
The girl looked over at Morgana. “By the way, if you don’t mind me asking, what exactly are
you?” she asked, looking him up and down. “You honestly remind me of the mascot
characters I see hanging around at times.”
Morgana bristled. “Hey, I’m not a mascot character!” he snapped. “I’m the first of the
Phantom Thieves who taught our illustrious leader here all he knows! I’m the great Morgana,
the greatest cat that ever existed and will exist! So show some respect!”
Ritsu’s eyes widened in fear. “Oh, I-I’m sorry!” she immediately spluttered, bowing her head.
“It’s just that you caught me off guard because I’m not exactly sure where you were and oh
no I just insulted one of the Phantom Thieves what if they hate me oh god are they gonna
change my heart I’m too young to have my heart changed but maybe I deserve it but
AAAAA!”
With that, the girl immediately dived back under her blankets and muffled screams once more
began sounding out from the pile. Both Ren and Morgana just gave bewildered looks at each
other. How exactly were they supposed to deal with her?
Suddenly, the door beeped. Mash’s voice issued from the speaker. “Um, Ritsu-senpai? May I
come in?” she asked hesitantly.
Immediately Ritsu shot up. “Mash?!” she exclaimed. She immediately raced to the door, to
the further bewilderment of the Phantom Thieves, slammed it open, and dived for Mash,
giving her a gigantic hug. “Oh my god, I missed you!” she cried, grinning ear to ear. “Oh
man, Roman told me you almost died from that bombing! Oh, to see you so well and whole –
I am so, so, SO glad!”
Mash blinked in surprise as she was hugged, being squeezed all around a lot more tightly
than she expected. She chuckled. “Well, yes, but it is thanks to Ren-senpai that I managed to
survive,” she replied with a shy smile. “Both he and Mr. Morgana are exceptionally talented
and gifted after all.”
“Oh, don’t sell yourself short,” Ritsu immediately chided, pulling back from the hug. “Ren,
Morgana, and Roman have told me about you becoming a Demi-Servant and being
completely badass. You’re a lot tougher than you think, Mash, and strong. You’re gonna be
ridiculously awesome – wait, never mind, you already are! Sheesh, I lose track of things.”
The Shielder blinked in surprise at Ritsu’s rambling and glanced over at Ren and Morgana.
Both of them flashed her encouraging yet bewildered smiles and only shrugged helplessly.
Honestly, Ritsu was about as energetic as she always was, and that relieved her.

She recalled Ritsu always dragging everyone this way and that to do things around Chaldea
or meet up with people. It drove many of the senior staff up the wall, but surprisingly most of
Team A and even Olga seemed to appreciate it, even if they were reluctant to show it.
To see Ritsu so energetic… Mash missed her dearly and accepting they wouldn’t be able to
talk again had been exceptionally difficult. She didn’t dare voice it before though – Rensenpai and Mr. Morgana had more than enough burdens on their minds and lives.
“Oh yeah, remember what I told you before? About the Phantom Thieves?” Ritsu asked with
an ear-to-ear grin at Mash. “Well, guess it’s a small world after all – look where they are!”
With that, she stepped aside and made a grand gesture of showing off, indicating Ren and
Morgana. Both of the Phantom Thieves winced and sheepishly waved in response. After all
they had done to keep their identities a secret, to have it immediately figured out by
coincidence like this was honestly painful.
Mash blinked in surprise and glanced at the memorabilia in the room before her eyes
widened. Then she gave Ritsu a rueful smile. “I already knew,” she replied softly. “Rensenpai and Mr. Morgana already told us when we were debriefing. I had a feeling too before,
but just didn’t want to say it.”
That caught Ren and Morgana off-guard. Just how long did she suspect it? They could only
feel embarrassment – maybe they were just as good at keeping secrets as Ryuji was. Which
was to say, not at all.
“Wha?!” Ritsu exclaimed. “You kn- I- Why aren’t you making a bigger deal of this, Mash?!
These are the Phantom Thieves, some of the most awesome people ever!”
The shielder winced in embarrassment. “Er, there was much going on, Ritsu-senpai, and I lost
track of things,” she murmured apologetically. “I truly apologize. I didn’t mean to forget
what you’ve told me.”
Ritsu blinked in surprise, then shrugged. “Ah, let’s let bygones be bygones. Come on, you’re
joining us! I wanna hear EVERYTHING I missed out on!”
That was Mash’s only warning before Ritsu grabbed hold of her hand and dragged her in with
a surprised yelp. The door closed behind her.
They wouldn’t leave the room for some time.
-----------The stockroom of Chaldea was a rather large affair. It was designed to feed hundreds of staff
members for months at a time. Kept by preservation magecraft, the food within the storeroom
would never go bad, allowing supplies to last for ungodly amounts of time. Before the
Incineration, supply runs were often done every three months due to such preservation and
capacity of the storeroom. Even now, supplies weren’t a problem.
After all, the storeroom was designed to feed hundreds, not a mere twenty or so.

Archer walked through the storeroom with a clipboard, carefully inventorying what the room
had. It was a good idea to keep track of things, just in case. Everyone had been eating well
and healthily thanks to both him and Ren (as well as the robots, though no one ever thanked
them), but a situation that might threaten their food stocks might happen. It would be prudent
to have some sort of plan for supply runs just in case. He would have to talk to Roman and
Da Vinci about it once he did a tally.
Truth be told, it was busywork that could have easily been left to the robots, with data sent
directly to the two of them. However, it was an old habit from a past life that he ultimately
found relaxing. Tallying up food and supplies, considering what dishes he wanted to make,
what he needed to shop for, things of the like. He certainly needed it after all the bombshells
their Masters had dropped from the debriefing.
He recalled what Ren and Morgana told him when he asked them about what it meant to be a
hero. So that was how they went about it. He heard one or two tales about the Phantom
Thieves but was never in a position to find out who or what they really were. Were they still
active before or after his execution in life? He couldn’t remember. All he knew was that he
died with a smile, despite being killed by those he had saved in the end.
The red-mantled hero had to wonder – if their journey had ended with Okumura, where
justice was done but they were condemned by those they saved, would they be smiling like
him and accept it? No, they wouldn’t. They would do everything to clear their guilt and find
whoever framed them in the end, as they had ultimately done. Anybody would.
Anybody that wasn’t him would.
A bitter smile twisted his lips as he took stock of the potatoes, his expert vision quickly
figuring out their weight by their impression on the floor alone. He had long ago discarded
his former identity. It wasn’t who he was anymore: A foolish boy with a foolish if beautiful
dream. He didn’t need more proof that he – the being known as Shirou Emiya – was
ultimately broken beyond repair. Well, perhaps not completely. Recent events in Orleans and
his Masters’ story changed that a bit.
“I thought I would find you here, if not in the kitchen.”
Archer didn’t bother looking up at the voice. “I’m a creature of habit, Saber,” he replied
casually as he tallied the peppers, strolling to the next item down the line. “Breeding a pattern
of predictability pays off when those observing lose track of you once you break it.” He
smirked. “One that I’ve no doubt our capable Masters themselves have bred to keep their
heads down, though undoubtedly they were inexperienced considering how they were caught
in the end.”
Artoria frowned slightly. “True,” she acceded. “Their efforts seemed less than subtle overall,
though they managed admirably nevertheless.” She looked over at him as the man continued
inventorying the storeroom. “Have you considered any of my questions since that day,
Shirou?” she asked gently.
The red-mantled hero glanced over at her. “There hadn’t been much time to think about such
esoteric things, Saber,” he chided her lightly. “It doesn’t really matter anyway. We’re

Servants, overall. Whoever we are has long since been recorded in the Throne of Heroes, and
there it will stay. What changes we make now won’t take effect even if we try. So long as we
serve as useful tools to our Masters, then that’s all that matters in the end.”
To that, Artoria marched up to Archer and slapped him square in the face. The Servant’s eyes
widened in surprise, any snarky reply forestalled by the action. “You are many things, Shirou
Emiya,” she growled. “Compassionate, kind, helpful, a hero, and yes, a fool as well. But you
are no coward. So do not speak like one – it ill becomes you.”
Her gaze relaxed into concern. “You are considering it heavily, aren’t you?” she asked gently.
“The changes of heart. Are you going to ask our Masters for one?”
Archer didn’t respond immediately, his cheek still stinging from the slap Artoria gave him.
“The being known as ‘Shirou Emiya’ is a fundamentally broken one, Saber,” he murmured.
“I do not know if that is even possible. Even a construct of artificial emotions such as the
doppelganger Jeanne d’Arc is less broken.”
His grip tightened on the clipboard. “As I’ve told you before, Saber, I am not Shirou Emiya,”
he ground out. The image of the table in Fuyuki, surrounded by smiling people flashed before
his eyes, and vanished just as quickly. “That was the name of a foolish boy who left long ago.
One that now has people around him to properly guide and restrain him. The one who stands
before you is a hero of justice. No more.”
Could he even call himself that in the end though? No matter what he tried or what he did, it
all fell to pieces around him. He simply wanted to make the people around him happy, yet it
was always fleeting in the end. Was it just pure selfishness on his part? Probably. The other
Shirou did say that it wasn’t wrong to help others – a foolish dream that was beautiful,
nevertheless. In the end, he was summoned with only one purpose: To kill on Alaya's behalf.
Truly ironic.
“And why can you not follow that same path?” Artoria asked gently. “You speak correctly:
Our time here is fleeting. Before long, I will be whisked away back to the Throne once more
and everything here will be for naught. However, that does not mean we cannot make
meaningful use of our time here.”
She stared up into his eyes. “Is Elizabeth not doing so?” she asked. “Joan? Even our Masters
blazed their own paths despite everything that was wrought against them, from powerful
figures to gods to fate itself. You can do the same, Shirou.”
Their own path? There had only been one path for him, set by circumstances beyond his
control. The image of flames and hell as the screams of the damned surrounded him. The
vision of a tired, old man telling him sadly that it was impossible for adults to become heroes.
A promise to become one. To aid, to help, to save those in need, no matter what the cost.
After all, what was his life in comparison to so many others?
Archer scoffed. “You are putting far too much faith in me, Saber,” he commented bitterly.
“And what would be so different now than it was before?”

The red-mantled hero tensed up as Artoria approached… and laid a hand on his arm. “This
time, I refuse to let you be alone,” she replied, the steel in her voice ringing out.
He looked down in surprise at the hand on his arm, then back into Artoria’s eyes. Her green
eyes showed compassion and care, but at the same time showed the same resolve and
determination he had seen countless times before in the heat of battle.
All directed toward him.
He wanted to ask why she cared so damn much about him, but whatever argument or
question he had died within that gaze of hers. All he could do was let out a small scoff. “Do
as you wish,” he replied with a small smirk as he turned back to continue his tallying. “You
seem to be extremely stubborn about this anyway.”
A hint of a smirk curled Artoria’s own lips. “Oh?” she asked. “I thought stubborn women
were your type, Shirou. Especially considering Rin Tohsaka.” Emiya’s jaw dropped a bit at
Artoria’s tease, then he couldn’t help himself – a bark of genuine laughter escaped his mouth
before he could stop it, joined by the Saber’s own chuckles in turn.
Stubborn women indeed.
----------Tiny steps pattered down the halls of Chaldea, unbeknownst to anyone. The corridors were
deserted, as nobody really had reasons to traverse them overall. This was a far wing of
Chaldea, filled with various miscellaneous rooms. A robot rolled by, scrubbing the hallways
as it went. Maintenance of even deserted hallways is still within its routine functions, after
all. It neither acknowledged nor even noticed the sole wanderer of the hallways, rolling by
peacefully with barely a sound.
After all, as adorable as Fou was, he was rather hard to notice when he didn’t wish to be
noticed.
Since this morning he had been cooped up in Mash’s room. He had been happily napping on
her bed in her scent, but she had taken her time coming back overall. Something to do with
the new Master? Deciding to stretch his legs, he left her room to wander around.
He thought about finding that catlike being – he seemed to instinctively know about Fou and
that drove him to absolute terror. Tormenting and scaring him had been a fun little pastime
for him whenever they encountered each other, but he decided not to push his luck. He didn’t
want the being to figure out who or what he was ultimately. All he was currently lacking was
knowledge, and once the catlike being had that, he’d quickly put two and two together. Cats
were intelligent like that.
That and Mash might get angry with him. He’d rather not deprive himself of that particular
source of comfort.
As he passed by a door, he noticed a presence within. Odd. There wasn’t supposed to be
anyone else here. No one really had a reason to come by, after all. It wasn’t anything strange

or hostile though, which left him wondering what it was. Curiosity getting the better of him,
he walked up to the door and began pawing at it on hind legs, barking at it.
A few seconds later, the door opened and Ritsu looked out, blinking. She looked down the
hallways to see who it was, then felt a presence brush up against her shins. Looking down,
her eyes widened as she saw Fou. “Hey there, little guy!” she cooed, grinning as she scooped
up the little creature. “Haven’t seen you in forever! Did you miss me? Rare to not see you
without Mash!”
Fou blinked up at the cheerful Master before snuggling into her chest. “Aww, missed you too,
little buddy,” Ritsu chuckled. “Welp, so long as you’re here, I guess you can keep me
company for a bit.” She closed the door, turning around and sitting back down, allowing Fou
to easily look around and see where they were.
It was a storage room, filled with boxes of items. A few of them had been opened by hand,
though there was a roll of duct tape and scissors nearby to reseal them as necessary. Small,
random items were scattered around where Ritsu was sitting without any particular reason.
“Fou, fou?” he barked, looking up at the Master quizzically.
Ritsu blinked, then chuckled again. “Oh, not much,” she replied lightly, looking around her.
“Just… visiting some old memories, I guess. This is where they’re keeping the items of… of
those that didn’t make it from the bombing.” She picked up Fou again and gently hugged him
to her chest as she looked around, her eyes starting to blur a bit.
She picked up a small pocket watch. “This one was David’s,” she murmured to Fou, rolling it
in her hands. “He was always such a fraidy cat – literally me popping up to say ‘hi’ to him
got him jumping into the air. I think he nearly hit his head on the ceiling once.”
The girl chuckled at the memory. “He always got so angry with me afterward. Then we got to
talking about mecha stuff. I still have his copy of Armored Core. Was just about to beat it too.
Game’s hard, though.”
Putting the watch down, she picked up a lighter. “And this one was Amanda’s,” she
explained. “Apparently, she had a pretty bad smoking habit before she got hired for Chaldea.
She kicked the habit with Roman’s help. She was a whiz though – pretty sure a good part of
Chaldea’s UIs were her work. I tried to learn from her but her lessons flew over my head at
Mach 20.”
Fou tilted his head at the lighter before reaching over to bat at it with his paws – and nearly
fell over when Ritsu yanked it away. “Come on, Fou,” she chided though unable to keep the
bit of laughter out of her voice. “A little respect for people’s belongings would ya? Even if
they’re not here to give it!”
She paused at her own words. “Es… especially when they’re not here to give it,” she
whispered, putting down the lighter and hugging her knees to herself, pulling in Fou closer.
“What am I doing here, Fou? Here I am just… rummaging through their belongings like
some sort of rat. Holed up in a storage room in some empty corner of Chaldea. The Phantom
Thieves are here and humanity’s all but incinerated.”

Ritsu let out a mirthless laugh as she slid a hand over her own eyes. “I can’t tell if this is a
dream or a nightmare,” she muttered. “I pinched my cheeks a thousand times until they were
sore as hell. One moment I was in the Coffin and the next, I was in the medbay, with Roman
telling me that… that so many people are gone. I mean, I wasn’t close to them, but still they
were mostly good people. And…”
The girl looked around her. The small belongings of those passed scattered about. She hadn’t
been friends with everyone – that was impossible – but she knew many of them by name.
Their jobs, routines, a few interesting stories or hobbies they shared, an interest she garnered
and they were happy to teach or speak to her about. She smiled and laughed when they
greeted her, and they returned it. With each item she saw, she could see their faces and hear
their voices as if it was just yesterday.
And…
She swallowed hard past the lump in her throat. Wodime. Ophelia. Peperoncino. Kadoc.
Hinako. Daybit. Even that dillweed Beryl. The Masters that comprised Team A – the most
promising team of Magi selected to handle the singularities. She had been jumping for joy
when the new director had added her to their team at the last minute, and they welcomed her
gladly. The Singularities were a huge deal, but with such a collection of brawn and brains,
they were definitely going to succeed no matter what.
But now, they were still confined to their Coffins. They tried everything but Ritsu had been
the only one undamaged enough to come out of her coma. The others were still stuck there in
some medical limbo, and frankly she had no idea whether it was more merciful to cut them
off or hold on for a tiny sliver of hope they could still be saved.
“Fou, fou?” She looked up as Fou stood on his hind legs, gently licking the tears off her face
and quietly yipping. The girl blinked in surprise before laughing again, wrapping her arms
around the fluffy little creature.
“Yeah, yeah, you’re right, Fou,” Ritsu replied with a grin despite her tears. “I can’t exactly
hide away and cry forever. The Phantom Thieves are here – I gotta show them my stuff after
all. And even if the rest of Team A aren’t here, I’ll be their sole representative – I’ll make
sure to make them proud. And everyone else too who couldn’t see us off. Yeah…”
She relaxed back against a box, looking up and around the room at everyone else’s
belongings. “Just… just for now,” she whispered, gently petting Fou. “For now, just let me
cry a bit. Need to get this out of the way. Then I’ll be the cheerful Ritsuka Fujimaru once
more. I’ll be up and at ‘em in a bit. Just give me a little bit longer.” Ritsu closed her eyes as
tears rolled down her face once more.
A solitary, grieving girl, amidst belongings of those who had passed and would never be able
to see her off.

Chapter End Notes

Discord Here:
https://discord.gg/EWxDkxy3

Chapter 40: Reunion and Reconciliation
Chapter Summary

New allies arrive - and they bring their own challenges.

Chapter Notes

Not one of my better chapters in a while. Oh well. Hope you guys enjoy.
TATGO now has its own TV Tropes page! Contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ritsu bounced on her feet in the summoning room, barely able to contain her giddiness. After
all the events from before, she was about to summon her own Servant! She already noted that
Chaldea had far more Servants than they were supposed to – five Servants and an incarnated
being – but frankly, given there was no one else and the fate of humanity was at stake, she
had already agreed with their decision to summon more. They needed every advantage they
could get.
Besides, the more the merrier! She couldn’t help but stare in awe at the various Servants –
there was the noble and regal Saber, the cool yet oddly maternal Archer, the aloof Rider, the
confident and battle-ready Cú Chulainn, and perky, arrogant Elizabeth (was that really THE
Elizabeth Bathory?), and a… doppelganger of Jeanne d’Arc?
Okay, how the heck did that work? She got the rundown from everyone on how that came
about but… how the heck? Well, they got a cool, brooding Servant – or person or whatever.
That’s a solid A in her book.
Mash had set her shield up in the middle of the platform, the circuits lighting up. She glanced
at her command seals on her right hand. Beside her were Ren and Morgana, ready to summon
as well. At the door were Saber and Cú Chulainn, the Servants who would be guarding them
if they summoned a hostile Servant by chance. All of them were calm and collected, which
was fair considering they had done this before.
Honestly, she should take a page from their book but how could she?! She was about to
summon her own being from history and mythology to their side to fight for humanity, and
the Phantom Thieves were right beside her! She was their peer now! If the situation wasn’t so

deathly serious, she’d still be squeeing the entire day at just how awesome this whole
situation was! As it was, she already squeed for half a day. She should probably calm down
now.
Yep.
Any second now…
…
Nope. Not happening.
“Wanna start us off, Ritsu?” Ren asked, glancing over at her with a smile. Although he knew
how to read people well, it didn’t take a social expert to see that she was excited beyond
belief. He was reminded of Futaba whenever a new game was just released, or when there
was a particular computer part that had her almost literally drooling before she turned around
and started explaining at top speed why they were so great. Even their shade of orange hair
was extremely similar…
No. He brushed away the thoughts. Not now.
Ritsu’s eyes, in the meantime, widened as her grin broadened. Then she stopped herself and
cleared her throat, trying to still herself. “Er, yes, I can do that,” she replied as calmly as she
could, doing everything she could to withstand her enthusiasm – and fooling literally no one,
to their amusement.
She stepped up, taking a deep breath. It was a momentous occasion for her. She could feel
everyone’s eyes on her, staring and judging patiently. A modicum of nervousness crept up her
body but she pushed it down. This was her big moment and she wasn’t about to make herself
look like a fool in front of the Phantom Thieves.
The girl raised her hand and began the incantation.
“Fill, fill, fill, fill, fill. Repeat five times, but destroy each when filled.”
“A base of silver and steel.
A foundation of stone and the Archduke of Contracts.
And my ancestor, my great master, Schweinorg.”
The words of the Fate summoning ritual. It was practically one of the first things she was
made to memorize when she first arrived at Chaldea as a Master candidate. It felt like a
jumble of weird words and grammar which threw off memorization considerably, but she
learned it well enough. She focused, shoving aside her audience and the fact the Phantom
Thieves were there. She couldn’t afford to lose concentration.
“A wall to block the falling wind.
The gates of all four directions close.

From the Crown, come forth and follow the forked road to the Kingdom.”
The shield lit up as a magic circle appeared, separating and floating above it as the air around
it started picking up, buffering everyone within the room. She could feel the sheer amount of
power that was emanating from the circle, sending shivers down her back. Once or twice she
almost bit her tongue from the sheer amazement at what she was witnessing, but she
managed to rein herself in.
“I hereby propose: My will shall create thy body, and thy sword shall create my fate.
Abiding by the summons of the Holy Grail, if thou dost accede to this will and reason, answer
me!
I hereby swear. I will be all that is good in the eternal world. I will be the disposer of evil in
the eternal world.”
As she recalled, there was an optional phrase she could’ve added here if she wanted to
guarantee a Berserker summon. They were immensely strong, but at expense of their mental
acuity and their skills. However, she didn’t want to use that unless she had to. Berserkers by
nature were hard to control, if she remembered her lessons correctly, and great care should be
taken in being a Master to one.
That being said, it was agreed she would probably summon a Berserker back in Team A to
make up for her lackluster ability as a magus. But she wasn’t given the order here so to hell
with that!
“Thou, clad with the Great Trinity, come forth from the circle of restraint.
Guardian of the Heavenly Scales!”
The circle immediately flashed with a great light, obscuring everyone’s vision as mist filled
the room. The light dwindled away gradually, revealing a figure standing on the platform. A
girl about their age in a red dress, with the largest hat Ritsu swore she had ever seen. Cheerful
blue eyes with platinum blonde hair with a cheer expression. The Servant enthusiastically
waved at all of them.
“Bonjour!” she chirped out cheerfully. “I am Marie Antoinette, Rider class! I am here to help
you save humanity! Vive la France!”
Ritsu blinked in surprise. While she was a bit more prepared for Servants to not be like
recorded history (King Arthur was a girl. What in the actual heck.), she thought Marie
Antoinette would be more aloof, maybe a bit more arrogant or pompous, acting like an actual
queen. She hadn’t expected her to be so… cheerful and energetic.
Welp, no sense questioning it now! “Greetings, your majesty!” she greeted cheerfully in kind.
“Welcome to Chaldea! I’m Ritsuka Fujimaru, one of the three Masters here, but just call me
Ritsu! It’s a pleasure to meet you.”

Marie clapped her hands together. “Tres bièn! Such a respectful girl!” she remarked
cheerfully. “Ah, but please, call me Marie. My time as queen has long since passed after all. I
am delighted to work and fight alongside you!” So saying, she glided over to Ritsu, taking
the Master’s shoulders, and giving her an air kiss on either side of the cheek – a greeting that
was enthusiastically returned in kind by Ritsu.
After all, it’s not every day one did a traditional French greeting with the queen herself, and
one who was such a cute girl at that!
The Rider looked over and saw Ren and Morgana watching them. “Ah, but I see familiar
faces here!” she exclaimed. “Ren Amamiya! Morgana! I trust your time in Orleans was most
productive? And how fare you, Saber? Lancer?”
Saber smiled. “We are quite well, thank you,” she replied. “In no small part due to your and
Mozart’s valor. I welcome you to Chaldea as well.”
Cú Chulainn grinned in turn. “Sounds like I missed a helluva battle, but I’m not gonna
complain,” he commented. “Good to have you here! Just call me Cú, though – we have
another Lancer around here so calling me Lancer will make things confusing.”
Ren and Morgana were still gaping. Honestly, they hadn’t expected to see her again so
quickly. The last time they saw her was back in the doppelganger’s Palace. Morgana
especially remembered distinctly her and Mozart wheeling about to face down the cognitive
Satan, knowing full well it would cost them their lives. A lump formed in his throat as he
struggled to speak and apologize, though no words would issue out.
Marie looked at the two Masters and blinked with surprise. “Oh? What’s the matter, mes
amours?” she asked, concerned. “This is a time of reunion – it should be a happy one, non?
Yet you look like you’re about to burst into tears.”
The mouths of the two moved up and down, trying to express words they deeply wanted to
say, yet it kept getting caught in their throats. This was a friend of theirs who had died under
their watch, and even though she was brought back
But now wasn’t the time for it. They could apologize later. For now, they had to keep their
composure.
“Bah, it was just an unexpected surprise, after all!” Morgana replied, grinning up at her. “It’s
good to see you, Rider! We’ll be counting on you more than ever!”
“What Morgana said,” Ren replied with his trademark smile, putting his hands in his pockets.
“Welcome to Chaldea, your majesty!”
Marie smiled beatifically. “My, such a warm greeting!” she chirped, clapping her hands
together. “Very well! It is not much, but I shall do my very utmost to help! But, ah, do call me
Marie – I’m no longer a queen, after all. This is well after my time – I’m just simple Marie
Antoinette!”

The Masters blinked in surprise, then grinned. “Works for us,” Ritsu piped up. “We already
have another Rider here so calling you Rider would be way too confusing!”
Somewhere in the library, Medusa sneezed.
Marie grinned. “What adorable Masters I have,” she cooed as she scooped up Morgana,
cradling him while giving him a kiss on the top of his head. “Our time together shall be most
wonderful! Tres Bièn!” Her lighthearted demeanor was infectious, and before long everyone
was smiling in amusement. The queen of France seemed to have that kind of aura around her.
Morgana looked up at Marie aghast at being picked up and kissed. “Wha-wha – I told you
that was specifically reserved for Lady Ann!” he screeched, holding his forehead.
The Rider gave a bright grin in response. “I apologize,” she replied, only sounding slightly
apologetic. “However, you do have me curious as this Lady Ann. Perhaps we should settle
down for a cup of tea and you may tell us all about it.” Ren, Morgana, and Ritsu all felt chills
down their spine as Marie set the catlike Master down – and Ritsu herself was deeply curious
as well. Perhaps she could be a fly on the wall for that particular discussion…
Finally, she turned to Ren. A smile curled her lips – one with a combination of coy and
mischievousness. She glided forward and, before anyone could do anything, she leaned
forward and kissed him fully on the lips, wrapping her arms around his neck in a tender
embrace. Ren’s eyes shot wide open in full surprise, his arms frozen as if torn between
returning her embrace or pushing her away. Morgana and Ritsu’s mouths just dropped as
Saber raised an eyebrow and Cú Chulainn began laughing uproariously.
Breaking off the kiss, she smiled up at him. “And my Master is such a marvelous man,” she
purred with a giggle. “I have no doubt you will be one of the most magnificent Masters any
Servant would wish to have.” Ren’s mouth worked, trying to form any word at all, and failing
miserably. In contrast, his mind was running a million miles an hour – and coming to
absolutely no conclusion.
She released him and glanced at the other two Masters. “Ah, but where are my manners?” she
gasped. “I’m sure you have more summonings to do! Don’t mind me, I’ll be right over here.”
With that, she made her way to stand beside Saber, drawing amused gazes from the two
Servants.
Ren and Morgana could only just stare at her before looking at each other. The former felt
eyes drilling into him and slowly turned – and saw Ritsu staring straight at him. She was
grinning. One that stretched from ear to ear. A combination of fierce curiosity and
mischievousness. Suddenly, he realized the day was only just beginning for him.
He could only sigh.
Next, it was Morgana’s turn. Normally, the image of a little cat mascot invoking the
summoning ritual would normally have gotten a few giggles out of her, but one, the Servant
summoning ritual was just far too epic to really laugh at. And two, Morgana was a Phantom
Thief. There’s no way in hell she could laugh at him for that! Both he and Ren were far more
awesome than she could ever comprehend!

… it was still kind of funny though.
Once more, the geyser of mana filled the room with a bright light, blinding everyone in the
vicinity. When the light dwindled down, a new figure stepped forth: A tall, powerfully built
man with wild, long silver hair. Although he wore spiked armor, he wore no breastplate – or
even a shirt, leaving him bare-chested and exposing his front, revealing glowing green
glyphs.
Frankly, not a bad looker in Ritsu’s opinion, but he was a bit more muscular than she liked.
Not her cup of tea. At the very least, he looked very reliable – scratch that, completely
reliable judging by how Ren and Morgana’s faces immediately lit up upon seeing him.
“I am Siegfried, Saber class Servant,” the man announced, bowing slightly. “I apologize if
you were hoping for someone else, but if you would have me, then I dedicate my sword and
life to your cause.”
“Jeez, stiff as always, Siegfried,” Morgana replied with a grin. “Of course we’d be happy to
have you! Welcome to Chaldea!”
Siegfried looked down at Morgana (a considerable feat given their sheer size difference) and
smiled. “Thank you, Master Morgana,” he replied calmly. Then he frowned slightly. “But
should you not refer to me by my moniker? It would be unwise for someone knowledgeable
about my myth to know about my weakness, after all.”
Ah, right. Ren remembered the legend from his studies. Siegfried bathed in the blood of a
dragon and drank it after he slew one, which rendered him invulnerable. However, a leaf
covered one spot on his back as he bathed, rendering that spot the place where he could
ultimately be killed.
Honestly, he always wondered why he didn’t just cover that spot in dragon’s blood – it wasn’t
exactly like the blood dried out that quickly, especially in such large quantities. But legends
had a funny way of working like that, and he wasn’t about to question it. Besides, he
certainly had heard of far weirder things in myths and legends that common sense would
poke enormous holes in.
More importantly, he certainly remembered Siegfried as one of his Personas. Now that
Siegfried was contracted as their Servant, would he be linked to his Siegfried Persona in
turn? What changes would be made to it? He would have to consult with Igor, Lavenza, and
Olga about it on the next Velvet Room visit. But in the meantime…
“Well, we can’t keep calling you Saber,” Ren pointed out as he gestured over to Artoria.
“Things are going to get confusing otherwise. Do you mind if we call you Siegfried, at least
while we’re in Chaldea? You’re with friends and allies here, so you don’t need to worry about
someone using your identity to take you out or something.”
Siegfried frowned slightly. “It is not my safety that I am worried about, Master, but yours,”
he gently admonished in turn before looking about. Taking in the people around him, he
slowly relaxed. “Nevertheless, I see your wisdom,” he admitted. He smiled at Ren once

more. “Very well. Address me as Siegfried if it pleases you, Master. Once more, I pledge my
sword to you and your will.”
Ren nodded before looking over to their original Saber. “We never got a chance to ask, but
what would you prefer to be called?” he asked in curiosity. “Since you were here first, you
got first dibs on the moniker. Unless you want to be called something else?”
Saber blinked in surprise at the question before frowning in thought. Then she met Ren’s eyes
with a smile. “If that is the case, call me Artoria, Masters,” she replied confidently. “All of
you have earned my trust, as warriors, commanders, and Masters. It is only right you address
me as your peer, and I you in turn.”
Ren and Morgana grinned brightly, while Ritsu was left blinking in surprise. “Er, am I
included in that too?” she asked, pointing to herself. “I mean, you haven’t seen me in action
yet so I’m not sure if I qualify for that kind of trust. Pretty hefty, if you ask me.”
“The fact you acknowledge my trust is a responsibility says more than you might expect,
Ritsuka,” Artoria responded kindly. “I have no doubt you will be a major asset in the battles
to come. I look forward to working with you.”
Ritsu once more blinked and grinned broadly, only barely holding herself back from squeeing
yet again. On a first name basis with freaking King Arthur herself? Her time here was just
getting better and better! So many heroes including her personal ones! But she restrained
herself – just barely. There was still one more summoning to do, after all.
Marie happily greeted Siegfried as the dragonslayer stood beside her, him greeting her
cordially in turn. Meanwhile, Ren stepped up to the summoning platform and began reciting
the ritual himself. Once more, bright lights began whirling all around the room, orbs of mana
orbiting until they converged, creating a fountain of power.
As the light dwindled for the last time today, a new figure stepped forth. A young woman,
someone shorter than Ren and around the same height as Ritsu. She had short blonde hair and
wore a black cloth while wearing greaves and gauntlets as her armor. Adorned on her head
was a small headpiece as her blue eyes shone.
“I am Servant Ruler,” the girl declared. “Jeanne d’Arc. I come to aid you in your time of
greatest trial and shall stand resolutely beside you until the end.”
Ren grinned in return. “Glad to hear that, Jeanne,” he replied gratefully. “Welcome to
Chaldea!”
The saint smiled warmly at him. “Thank you, Ren Amamiya,” she replied. “It is my honor to
fight with you alongside so many famous-“ Her words were interrupted as Ritsu immediately
sprang up right beside her, her eyes practically shimmering with enthusiasm. “Um,
greetings,” she said hesitantly, mildly nonplussed. She glanced at Ritsu’s hand and saw
command seals on her as well. “I take it you are a Master as well?”
The girl blinked, then nodded. “Yes, yes, I’m your Master,” she replied quickly, brushing the
question off. “But are you Jeanne d’Arc? The Maid of Orleans?! The one who single-

handedly rallied the French to fight off the English?! I’m a huge fan of yours! Oh my god can
I shake your hand?!”
Jeanne could only give a confused glance at Ren and Morgana. Both of the Masters shrugged
helplessly. “She does that,” Ren commented with a minor wince. “You’ll get used to it sooner
or later.”
Ritsu immediately rounded on Ren. “Oh?” she asked, a predatory smile widening on her face.
“Are you perhaps jealous that I’m fangirling over someone else? Oh no worries, oh dear
leader of the Phantom Thieves – you’re not out of my sight just yet.” So saying, she reached
over and booped Ren on the nose, once more shocking him into silence. Just when he thought
he had a good bead on her, she immediately did something else to catch him by surprise.
“Wait, is Ren particularly well known?” Marie asked, stepping forward while blinking
owlishly. “I must admit, the Throne only provides so much information about the time period
we are summoned in – I’m not caught up on the latest trends.”
The girl’s eyes widened as she stared at Marie. An ear-to-ear grin split her face once more.
“Oh, my dearest Servant, my gentle Rider,” Ritsu cooed. “Allow me to regale you with the
tales of the infamous Phantom Thieves – bringers of justice, shadows in the night and mind
and most of all –“ She winked over at Ren. “One of the most awesome men I’ve ever had the
honor to meet.”
“Oh, I already know the latter quite well,” Marie giggled. “But do tell, do tell, mi amour. I
wish to know all about them!” For a queen, gossip was her bread and butter – whether in the
ballroom or the women’s quarters, it was all the same. And Chaldea would prove to be no
different for her. And before long, Ritsu and Marie were chittering away excitedly over Ren
and Morgana’s deeds.
Meanwhile the Masters looked about helplessly. Artoria looked amused, Siegfried gave an
apologetic shrug, Cú Chulainn was laughing his head off, and Jeanne looked extraordinarily
confused by it all. Everyone in the room aside from the two girls could only think one thing:
Oh god, there’s two of them.
“Well, now that we’re finished with summoning,” Morgana spoke up, trying to broach the
topic and be heard over the girls’ chatter. “We’ll give you the grand tour of Chaldea, then set
you up with your rooms! Right this way guys! You too, Ritsu!”
With that, they all exited the room, Ritsu and Marie still chatting excitedly to each other
about the Phantom Thieves’ exploits while hanging close to Ren, to his mild discomfort.
Unseen by everyone was Roman and Da Vinci standing by, the latter sipping tea as they
watched and listened to the motley crew passing by. The doctor could only sigh. The Caster
placed a sympathetic hand on his shoulder.
Interesting days were ahead.
—-------

Joan rubbed her sore eyes as she set aside another book, adding it to yet another stack that
surrounded her on the table. The library was quiet and unoccupied. Even its usual occupant,
Medusa, was out for the time being. Staff members rarely frequented the library and even
when they did, they gave her a wide berth or tried to ignore her – while sneaking wary
glances at her. Well, that was to be expected. Just a few days ago, she had been trying to kill
Ren and Morgana, after all.
She had been here almost day in, day out ever since that Rider helped her out with that one
book, starting with the history of the Hundred Years War. Since then, she had been on a bit of
a reading binge, learning more and more about different facets and branching from there:
Military tactics and battles, logistics, even one or two fairy tales that had apparently been
popular. The evidence of her curiosity was laid out on the table.
At the end of it all, she hadn’t been sure what to think about herself. The original Jeanne
d’Arc of history had been rather hot-blooded, advocating a ‘rush them’ style of attacking
with minimal tactics. If God was on their side, then they should’ve won no matter what,
right? What was insane was that her ‘tactics’ up to a point actually worked. Besides the sheer
zealotry, it honestly reminded her a lot of herself in terms of battle tactics: Rush things with
wyverns and Servants. Didn’t work? Send more.
Joan had to laugh bitterly. To think, all she was missing was God’s will for a similar success.
The irony of that was so thick she could cut it with her sword.
She relaxed against her seat with a sigh. The robots would come in and put the books back
when they could. There hadn’t been any books that particularly drew her eye. It was certainly
odd though – all these records and tales of battles and slaughter, not just from her leading
armies but from countless other soldiers, warriors, and generals. Even her second in
command, Gilles de Rais, had undoubtedly bloodied his sword in combat no small number of
times.
The change wrought by her new Masters was strange, to say the least. No longer was she
consumed by the insane rage that the Caster Gilles de Rais implanted into her. Her mentality
was more… ordinary. To the point where knowing she had killed so many people and
brought so much pain made her genuinely sick to her stomach.
And there was still the fact that she was a facsimile of a pure saint. One who she knew would
give her another chance with an outstretched hand if she could. Quite a difference from what
she read. It had only been a few days but already, she was assailed with far harder questions
than she ever had back in Orleans.
Who was she, really? And what did she want?
She had to sigh. “Why am I even doing this?” Joan muttered to herself, drawing a hand over
her eyes.
“And here would be the library – Oh. Joan. Didn’t expect to see you here.”
The Lancer Servant blinked as she looked up – and her eyes widened. There were the two –
no, three Masters. She heard that they had a new one: A rather excitable girl all things

considered. Chaldea’s Saber and Lancer Servants: Artoria Pendragon and Cú Chulainn (how
in the hell did she ever expect to succeed when those two showed up?). But they weren’t
what caught her attention.
With the group were three more Servants, ones she immediately recognized: Marie
Antoinette, the last queen of France before she was executed during the French Revolution.
Siegfried, the infamous dragonslayer who made himself invincible with dragon’s blood and
was ultimately brought low not by war and conflict, but internal intrigue and drama.
And finally, the Maid of Orleans, the saint who led France against the English… and was
burned at the stake for being falsely accused as a witch. And most importantly, she was her
template, who Gilles de Rais wanted her to be: Jeanne d’Arc.
Ren and Morgana were utterly surprised to find Joan here – they had expected Rider at most.
Ritsu was quickly looking between Jeanne and Joan so fast her orange hair was whipping
about. She quickly saw both the similarities and differences between the two Servants but
even she knew that, as excited and giddy as she was, it wasn’t the time or place to start
talking about it.
The reaction of the new Servants was more pronounced. Siegfried immediately summoned
Balmung to his hand while Marie raised her hands, looking pale but more than ready. Joan
tensed up, but didn’t draw her blade nor summoned her flag. Her eyes darted around, looking
for an escape route. Unfortunately, as an incarnated Servant, she couldn’t enter spiritual mode
but against Servants, it wouldn’t matter anyway.
Until Jeanne raised her hand in front of them. “Stop,” she commanded gently. “If she is here
as well, then that means she is no enemy of Chaldea. Nor do I sense any hostile intent from
her.” The saint turned to look at Joan and smiled. “Is that not correct?” she asked rhetorically.
Joan, Siegfried, and Marie blinked in surprise as they processed Jeanne’s words. Slowly, they
relaxed as Balmung vanished from Siegfried’s hands. The Ruler was right – Joan was in no
mood to fight, even if they saw her as enemies. And the other two quickly took note of the
situation – specifically the large pile of books sitting on the table where she had been sitting.
Ritsu quickly looked between Jeanne and Joan once more, then a proverbial lightbulb went
off in her head. “Welp, looks like you’re busy so guess we shouldn’t disturb you!” she loudly
declared. “We’ll leave you be for now and come back to this part of the tour later! Come on
guys, out out out, shoo, shoo!” With that she began bodily shoving the group out, starting
with Ren and Cu as they were the closest within reach. The two males could only protest as
they were bodily shoved out by the energetic girl.
Jeanne could only blink flabbergasted before starting to follow – only to have the library door
shut in her face by Ritsu once everyone else was out. “What? No, we’re not missing Jeanne!”
Ritsu’s muffled lie came through from the other side. “Come on, Chaldea’s a big place so we
better get going! Lead the way Ren!”
“Hey, don’t just pick me up like that – ow!” squawked Morgana as the voices and footsteps
faded away after a second pause.

Soon, an awkward silence filled the air of the library. Jeanne and Joan were the only ones left
in there. The former was twiddling her fingers, trying to find a way to start a conversation
while the latter was pointedly looking away. She would honestly leave right now if she could,
but the saint was right in the way of the door, and she didn’t want to push right past her to do
so.
Jeanne looked over at the table, desperate for a conversation topic. “So, I can see you’ve been
reading quite a bit,” she started hesitantly. “I could never get into reading – of course, it
would be difficult for me to read since books were pretty rare when I was alive. I was never
even taught to read or write. You would think someone leading an army would learn such a
skill. So, um…” She tapered off and continued to twiddle her fingers.
Joan stared at the saint as she talked. This was who she was based off of? The saint was a
larger-than-life figure who inspired men even when they were on the edge of defeat, yet here
she was fumbling words trying to start a conversation. Was Jeanne always this…mundane?
Then she remembered. Before everything, Jeanne was a simple farm girl who was simply
given a divine mission from God – no more, no less. Had it not been for that, she would’ve
just like everyone else.
For some reason, that conclusion made Joan feel a bit better about herself. And ironically,
made it easier to talk.
The Lancer sighed aridly as she ran a hand through her hair. “You’d think those damn fools
would make sure you learned to read in order to lead an army,” she grumbled. “But then, if
you actually could read, you’d be even more of an annoyance to the higher ups than you
already were. Ugh. Just as well, I guess.”
The Ruler blinked in surprise. “Oh? Did you have some memories of mine about that or…?”
she inquired innocently.
“Hardly the case,” Joan scoffed. She held up one of the earlier books she read, detailing the
politics around the Hundred Years War. “You were pretty popular with the soldiers and
common folk, and less so with the generals and nobles,” she explained. “You were a massive
cheerleader they could use to rally the forces around. The mission from God helped
massively with that front. But if you were more capable of things like reading and math, you
could’ve possibly been seen as a political threat.”
Joan noticed the shock on Jeanne’s face. “Oh, don’t give me that look,” she snapped. “If
you’re wondering, it’s nothing against you. If it was another girl or guy in the same place, the
same damn situation applies. Honestly, the more I read about this shit, the more I’m disgusted
about people in general.” Her glare lessened as she stared at the books. “Maybe this bullshit
is why Gilles went mad in the first place,” she muttered.
A soft giggle caught her attention. Looking over, Joan saw the saint laughing gently. “What’s
so funny?” she asked suspiciously.
Jeanne giggled again, shaking her head. “Oh, I just hadn’t expected one who was created in
my image to be so… well, studious,” she admitted. She walked forward, nodding at the

books. “I could never sit still long enough to learn to read or write – it’s only thanks to the
Throne that I can do so now. Though mathematics escape me still.”
She smiled over to the Lancer. “You were given a new life and are defining yourself by your
own choices,” she commented. “Isn’t that nothing short of a miracle?”
The Lancer blinked, then looked away from how radiant Jeanne seemed at that point. “Ugh,
you’re still that goody-two-shoes that legend keeps declaring you were,” she grumbled, albeit
lacking much heat or malice. “I can’t help but feel there’s some sort of string attached with
this new life. There’s a lot I have to do, a lot to make up for though. Can’t think about it too
much.”
Jeanne nodded. “Sometimes, it’s best to take blessings as they come, however large or
small,” she stated, smiling. “Also, what should I call you? I don’t think it would be fitting to
call you Jeanne as well – if how you were in Orleans was any indication, you wouldn’t take
to that kindly.”
Joan sighed irritably. “Just call me Joan,” she grumbled. “Not the most original, I know. It’s
just a placeholder name for now until I can get my head on straight.”
The Ruler considered it, then nodded, smiling happily. “As you wish,” she replied cheerfully.
“Joan it is!” She looked curiously over the books that Joan had been reading. “Perhaps you
could tell me more about what you’ve been reading? Between your experiences and research,
perhaps we might have a rather interesting conversation between us, no?”
That took Joan by surprise. Something here wasn’t adding up. “Why?” Joan asked.
The saint blinked in surprise. “Oh. I thought that a good conversation could-“
“Not that,” Joan immediately interrupted, dismissing the saint’s reply. “I was made into some
sort of twisted doppelganger of yours, wasn’t I? I butchered everyone in France, innocent and
sinner alike, whether they were of high status or mere peasants. I spat and cursed your and
God’s name. I still don’t consider the latter very kindly, to be honest with you.”
She looked up at Jeanne. “You have every right to want absolutely nothing to do with me, so
what gives? What’s your plan here?”
Jeanne stared at her with an oddly blank expression. “Do you regret all you’ve done?” she
asked softly. “Do you wish to make amends?”
Joan blinked in surprise at the question. “I-“ she started, then she sighed. “Of fucking course
I do,” she growled, looking away. “I’m not sure how, but frankly helping everyone else here
save humanity is a start, I guess. Probably won’t make me any less of a monster I am now,
but I gotta try anyway. Not about to just sit on my hands and mope all day about it.”
The Ruler smiled as she clasped her hands and closed her eyes. “Then at the very least, I
forgive you,” she said gently. “I hold no grudge for all you’ve done, especially as you’ve set
your eyes towards atonement. You may not find forgiveness from everyone, but perhaps you
shall in time be forgiven in His eyes, when He sees the goodness in your heart.”

Jeanne opened her eyes and beamed at Joan. “I know you do not put much stock in God, but
perhaps that can be your first step?” she suggested. “After all, to err is to be human. To
forgive, divine.”
“I’m pretty sure massacring and killing a lot of people with wyverns, Servants, and my own
blade is a bit more than just erring,” Joan deadpanned.
Jeanne chuckled. “Perhaps,” she admitted. “Yet you have been granted a miracle
nevertheless. If that’s not proof His gaze is still on you and you may have His forgiveness
still, I don’t know what is.”
Joan blinked again, then sighed, her posture sagging as she gave up any form of further
argument. “You are beyond annoying, you know that?” she grumbled.
The saint chuckled again. “Should I keep a running tally?” she asked mischievously. “Now,
shall we discuss those books of yours?”
Once more, Joan could only sigh and gestured to the chair beside her. “Take a seat,” she said
wearily. “I get the feeling we’ll be here a while.”
Jeanne grinned as she practically hopped into her seat. The two would be discussing for quite
some time.
—------Beyond time and space, they watched.
Through the eyes of the unwitting Servant, they observed. They collected data. They kept
track of conversations and presences. Knowledge that Chaldea possessed, and information
they did not. It was agonizingly limited, being able to only perceive things through one set of
limited senses, but information was information nevertheless.
The thoughts of the Servant were laughable as well. Purpose? Meaning? Atonement? Simple
mortal concepts, to be embraced once in a lifetime at most and eternally forgotten. A life like
that was hardly worth living. Just like every other human’s life. So many petty squabbles that
ended up in bloodshed. So much foolishness that ended in pain, suffering, and misery.
Humanity in general was nothing more than a squalor of stupidity and futility.
That was why their plan would – must – succeed. They could fight all they wished, but in the
end, what they strove for would be the best for them. Humanity could not be trusted with
themselves.
However, they would keep observing. Learning. Information was always key to staying one
step ahead. The presence of the Saint – the original template their seed was based off of –
was an intriguing development, but hardly consequential. Still, it was a factor that they would
bear in mind. There was a new Master, but her presence was quickly discarded as a nonfactor. Another weak human didn’t factor into the equation at this point.

The current point of interest was the young human male Master. They could not solidify their
thoughts about the Master. A lingering sense of… familiarity? No. Similarity? No. Kinship?
Absurd. Further observation was acquired.
All data currently judged inconsequential. Orobas would continue to monitor and gather
information.
For the World, and for humanity.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here:
https://discord.gg/FGqq2yxW

Chapter 41: Complications
Chapter Summary

Sometimes, new allies aren't always a good thing.

Chapter Notes

TATGO now has a TV Tropes page! Please contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“You are irritated.”
Olga glanced over to Lavenza who was staring at her intently. She turned back to the
Compendium, trying to memorize and learn the various different traits of the personas. “Of
course I’m irritated,” she muttered. “Every second I’m unable to memorize everything is
another second I’m useless here. It shouldn’t be taking this long – my regular magecraft
studies are more challenging for the most part. I should have this by heart by now.”
“Even if your past studies were more strenuous, learning to properly manage personas is not
an easy undertaking,” Lavenza gently admonished. They were in a separate section of the
Velvet Room. Though it had the same circular design with jail cells, Igor wasn’t within,
choosing to await Ren in the main room proper. There was still a desk in the middle, where
Olga was sitting and studying. At Olga’s mental command, the cells would flash in a persona
for her to observe and study before being dismissed.
“You also seem particularly agitated after witnessing the new Servants that have been
summoned,” the girl noted. She stepped forward and rested a gentle arm on Olga’s arm. “Is
there something about their presence that disturbs you so? They are of noble heart and spirit –
I do not doubt their loyalty to the Trickster, nor their strength.”
The older girl sighed, irritated. “Yes, I know,” she snapped, looking up at the ceiling as she
rubbed the bridge of her nose. “Siegfried, the famed dragonslayer and near immortal thanks
to dragon blood. Jeanne d’Arc, the one saint almost literally everyone knows thanks to her
deeds in France. And Marie Antoinette. The… disgraced, overthrown queen of France? I’m
fairly certain at this point that a lot of her ‘worse’ deeds were just misinterpreted or twisted
into propaganda for the revolutionaries, but…”

She let out a frustrated growl. “How did she even become a heroic spirit in the first place?!”
she fumed. “She didn’t do anything particularly noteworthy – she was just remembered as
either a spoiled brat or simply a girl who was at the wrong time and wrong place! I don’t
even think she or her family had any particular lineage of magecraft or mystery to them! I
mean, if that’s the case then anyone famous could’ve been a heroic spirit, like a prime
minister or-or some chancellor or-!”
“Please, calm yourself,” Lavenza interrupted, raising her voice slightly for emphasis. “You
are normally not given to insulting or judging a person so openly – at least, ever since you
regained consciousness within the Velvet Room. Normally you would also evaluate their
positive aspects as well and keep as impartial judgement as possible. There is something else
at play here. What do humans call this…” She lowered her head in thought, then her eyes lit
up. “Ah, I believe they call this ‘jealousy’!”
Olga’s face immediately turned a deep shade of scarlet. “Wh-wh-wh-wh-WHAT?!” she
squeaked. “Why would I be jealous of her?! She had a terrible fate and was horribly
misunderstood and she might be a heroic spirit but I’m not even sure what the qualification of
her of being one are! On what basis are you saying I’m jealous?! There is no logical reason
for me to be jealous none wh-whatsoever!”
Lavenza shook her head. “They are symptoms I am familiar with after experiencing them
myself,” she replied, smiling as she rested a hand on her own chest. “When you spoke so
familiarly with the Trickster, I was beset by such feelings myself. Only after observing yours
did I understand what it was.” She bowed politely to Olga. “I thank you for teaching me –
albeit in a somewhat unorthodox manner,” she said. “
The former director blinked in surprise. “Er, you’re welcome I guess,” she replied, flustered,
before her mind caught up as she blushed furiously once more. “Wait, that’s not the point
here!” she yelled. “Why would I be jealous of Marie Antoinette?! I have no reason to be!
She’s a Servant, sure, and I have my own issues with that but that doesn’t mean I’m jealous!
She simply makes no sense!”
The Velvet Room attendant looked at Olga quizzically. “That is a strange matter, yet I feel as
though that is not the main focus,” she mused, a hand on her chin as she thought. “I believe
you first became agitated after witnessing Marie Antoinette kissing the Trickster – your
startled scream gave both our master and me quite a fright. You have been disturbed since.”
She tilted her head. “Is that the correct assumption?” she asked.
“Wh-wh-why would that be the correct assumption?!” Olga stammered, her blush becoming
even more and more noticeable. “I was merely caught off guard by how forward the queen
was! Yes, that’s it! She was married in life, wasn’t she? And royalty besides! There’s no
reason for her to be so crass or scandalous like that! Someone of her position should be aware
of her actions and… and…”
Olga ran out of breath as her mind scrambled a thousand miles to think of more reasons.
Lavenza shook her head in disappointment. “They say that jealousy is an ugly emotion,” she
murmured. “And I can see why. It brings out much of the worst in people. I must ask you to
rein yourself in, Olga. Such unnecessary criticisms ill becomes you. Please, calm yourself so
that you may be rational in your judgement about her once more.”

Then she stopped, blinking, and bowed. “I apologize for my bluntness and rudeness,” she
said contritely. “It is a terrible habit of mine. I shall work to correct that in the future.” Then
noticing Olga’s hesitance, she decided to voice another question. “Are you perhaps worried
about Marie Antoinette stealing the Trickster’s affections?” she asked.
Once more, the former director spluttered, her face somehow turning even a deeper shade of
red. She was stuttering so much that she couldn’t even form any words. Lavenza could only
watch with fascination at her reaction. It was rare to see someone so flustered, especially
compared to her calm and collected Trickster. Not even those that he met in his trials in the
past had such an extreme reaction. How very interesting.
“You need not worry overmuch,” Lavenza reassured her, smiling. “It is only natural to be
entranced by the Trickster. He is rather magnificent, after all. His quick thinking in your
rescue as well as how he carried himself in Orleans was without a doubt marvelous.” Just the
Fuyuki and Orleans singularities alone were far more harrying than anything he and Morgana
had ever been through, after all. She had been nervous about him being able to overcome his
trials – and immensely proud he had been able to.
“And if you are worried about other women, why not simply show your own affections as
well?” she asked genuinely. “The Trickster is the expression of rebellion and freedom, after
all. I’m sure his greatness can encompass many such connections at once – I do not doubt it
is beyond his capabilities.”
That snapped Olga out of her flabbergasted silence. “WHAT?!?” she shrieked, her face now
the hue of a ripe tomato. “What are you – are you implying – you can’t possibly be-!”
Lavenza suddenly turned as if something caught her attention. “Ah, it appears he has
arrived,” she said, beaming. “Shall we go greet our Trickster once more?” Before Olga could
respond, the girl happily spun on her heel and walked off, leaving Olga alone.
Olga could only stand there. Jealousy?! Not because she was a Servant but because she
kissed Ren so blatantly and boldly in front of everyone?! And then Lavenza suggested that
was not only okay but-but to also show her affection to him?! Because he could more than
handle it?!? Was Lavenza suggesting what she thought she was suggesting?! And there was
the whole matter of Lev and the world burning and all these Servants and singularities and
personas and the cognitive texture andShe buried her face in her hands and screamed. Loudly.
It did not help.

----------

Ren was silent as he observed those in the Velvet Room. Igor had his perpetual grin, yet he
could tell from familiarity that the Master of the Velvet Room was happy to see him. Lavenza

was smiling happily, eager to see him once more. That was normal as always. However, Olga
was pointedly facing away from him, arms crossed, with a red face that contrasted heavily
with her blue clothes.
“Did I miss something here?” Ren asked, blinking.
Olga immediately whirled about, glaring at him. “You did NOT miss anything, Amamiya,”
she snapped. “And if you believe otherwise, you are quite mistaken. Your powers of
observation need improvement if that is the case. It needs to be honed for the singularities
ahead so that you can stay alive. So focus on what you need to do, Amamiya, and do not
focus on frivolous pursuits!”
The sheer vehemence of Olga’s denial caught Ren off guard. He gave a confused look over to
Igor and Lavenza. Neither of them gave any indication one way or another toward Olga’s
outburst. He wasn’t sure precisely what he missed here but to be honest, perhaps it was better
to not prod the sleeping dragon – or in this case, one who was steaming like a boiled lobster
right now.
Switching topics, he looked over at Igor and Lavenza. “So, I’m guessing I’ve a new persona
now?” he asked. Olga huffed and looked away, looking both relieved and peeved he decided
to not address the topic any further.
Lavenza nodded. “Quite right, my Trickster,” she replied. “As you have already surmised, by
making a contract with the Servant Siegfried, you have regained access to the Siegfried
persona.” She opened the Compendium to show him. To Ren’s surprise, there were multiple
pages solidified now instead of just only one new page.
With a wave of her hand, the Siegfried persona appeared. He looked as he always did – a
tall, blonde man with bronzed skin, dressed in a sleeveless scale mail tunic and a cap topped
with a small horn. He wore a large round shield on his back. Instead of the regular longsword
he normally wielded, however, the persona now held the same Balmung the Servant Siegfried
held.
Ren remembered how Siegfried used Balmung. The massive torrent of energy engulfing
Fafnir in a wave of blue power, unlocked from within the guard of the blade. If Cu
Chulainn’s Gae Bolg drained a good amount of energy just from utilizing a simple (albeit
reality warping) stab, then how much energy would Balmung use up, even within the
Metaverse? It would be a death sentence, without a doubt. He glanced at the traits, and
something caught his eye.
“Armor of Fafnir?” he murmured quietly as he read it. Then his eyes widened. Right –
Siegfried bathed in blood that rendered him immune to harm. While the persona Siegfried
normally came with a good amount of resistances – as well as immunity to physical blows –
it seemed that the trait rendered him immune to everything except for psy attacks. Which
made sense – it wasn’t like it could protect from a mental attack (Metaverse and Palaces
notwithstanding).
While it seemed incredibly useful, his persona magecraft didn’t grant him any immunities,
resistances, or weaknesses the personas themselves had. It would really only come into effect

in the Metaverse, and given how the doppelganger’s Palace went, it’s very much possible that
such power would be very much necessary before long.
Not to mention, it seemed that it could only protect him up to a certain (considerable)
amount. What amount wasn’t exactly clear which made Ren wary. If he took an attack that
went beyond what it could provide, he could risk seriously injuring himself as a result. He
would have to test this out and know the limits first before he could seriously rely on it. The
only question was where he could test it.
“Because of your connection to Siegfried,” Lavenza continued. “You also have access to the
Fafnir persona.” With a wave of her hand another persona manifested. A vaguely draconic
being completely made of metal, with an elongated head resembling a human skull. Unlike
Siegfried, Ren didn’t notice any changes with the Fafnir persona compared to Siegfried. Still,
having such a powerful persona at his call was still handy. “How come there aren’t any
changes to Fafnir?” he asked curiously, looking over at Lavenza.
“While we can connect your personas to your Servants, it is still limited,” Igor explained.
“Fafnir comes from the connection with Siegfried, but is not tied directly to you, my dear
guest. Therefore, while we can summon the persona for you, it will not be granted any
special modifications or powers. Nevertheless, I know you are wise and cunning enough to
utilize this to your advantage how you will.”
Ren nodded as he pondered. He remembered seeing Fafnir while exploring the halls of
Maruki’s laboratory Palace. Every fight with one was always tough as it had a lot of
resistances and immunities, combined with packing a heck of a punch. He remembered the
relief he felt when he was able to recruit one to his side. While it may pale in comparison to
the connected personas like Cu Chulainn or Siegfried, it was a reassuring one to have at his
side, nevertheless.
“Now, it seems the bonds you have forged have yielded a new persona,” Lavenza observed as
she flipped to another solidified page. A new persona appeared: A young woman kneeling,
clad in plate armor from the neck down. She held a sword up in front of her with her head
bowed in piety. A cape flowed from behind her, white with edging of blue and gold: The flag
of the French monarchy.
His eyes widened as he beheld the new persona. He never created or encountered this
particular one in his previous adventures. This was something solely from his time in
Chaldea, however brief it was. And even without looking at any information about the
persona, he could immediately tell who this was. “Jeanne d’Arc,” he breathed. “The Maid of
Orleans. She’s a persona too?”
“That is correct, my dear guest,” Igor affirmed. “Though the Velvet Room currently lacks the
capability to create new personas, it can still manifest the strength you gain from your bonds.
With your connection to the Velvet Room and your status as a Master giving you a
connection to the Throne of Heroes, we are able to summon beings and personas you have
never encountered until now. That being said, this is uncharted territory for us as well – even
we will be unable to predict or tell who or what you can summon.”

“The cost of utilizing them you should be well aware of as well, my Trickster,” Lavenza
added. “As you have already surmised, these personas are far heftier in their cost. While you
are capable of much, careless use of them may easily result in openings you may not be able
to afford, or even your death. It is very much a double-edged sword.”
“There is a saying among magi,” Olga supplied. The blush in her face was completely gone
and her flustered, irritated expression was replaced by a far more serious demeanor. “’To
walk the path of the magus is to walk with death.’ It is a dangerous path, one where death
would be considered a mercy if something were to go wrong. There are great rewards, but
sometimes even the greatest caution may not be enough.”
She nodded to the linked Servants. “I would be extremely wary of utilizing these personas as
magecraft,” she said. “Your regular personas should do the job just fine, as you’ve seen.
Reserve those for Palaces, where they are less of a toll on your energy and their strength is far
more needed.”
After she finished with her advice, Olga sighed aridly. “The fact that you can even use
essentially Servants and their noble phantasms on command still beggars the imagination, but
at this point I’ve no right to complain,” she muttered as she massaged her temples. “Really,
I’m not sure what to make of you, Amamiya. You are just an anomaly in so many different
ways that it’s honestly staggering.”
“He is simply our magnificent Trickster,” Lavenza commented with a proud smile. “That
alone is enough to know why he is capable of so much.”
Ren just chuckled as Olga sighed once more. The Servant-connected personas were
exceptionally powerful overall, even exceeding many of the more powerful personas he
already had. Cu Chulainn. Siegfried. Jeanne d’Arc. It was clear that not every single Servant
would have a corresponding persona, or vice versa, but just Cu Chulainn had been a massive
boon to him already, let alone the others. If he had these personas for his past adventures, all
the Palaces he went through would’ve been a breeze.
Then he remembered the grip of the Berserker’s gauntlet around his head, the cognitive
Satan, the countless creatures Gilles de Rais had summoned, and that gigantic pillar Orobas.
A cold chill crawled down his back. For his time in Chaldea, this power was necessary.
And that terrified him.

—-------

The next day came without much aplomb after the events of yesterday. The Servants had
been set up with their own rooms as well after being given a tour of whatever few amenities
Chaldea had left. For Ren and Morgana, it had been a rather sobering affair, seeing the sheer
number of now unoccupied bedrooms they could give the Servants. To their surprise, even
Ritsu was quiet about it. They would have to ask about that later.

Marie Antoinette was washing up in the shower. A single stall with glass walls in the middle
of her room, certainly unlike the private bath she used to have in her castle. But quite
honestly, it was more decadent than she expected. The water remained nice and hot no matter
how long she stayed, and the soaps here smelled phenomenal. Modern times had certainly
advanced quite a bit since her days as queen. No reason why she couldn’t indulge in a tiny bit
of luxury for herself!
Suddenly, she heard a ring from within the room. Blinking in surprise, she quickly
remembered that the rooms had a doorbell and screen. Thankfully the Throne provided
knowledge of most modern conveniences so operating it wasn’t too tricky… theoretically.
“How does this work again…?” she muttered to herself as she tapped the screen. The camera
winked on and showed… nothing. She blinked. Oh, was this that prank that had become
popular among children? What was it called? ‘Ding-dong-ditch’? Was she subject to such a
childish prank? Oh, how thrilling! Still, it wouldn’t do if she didn’t at least address whoever
was there. “Hello?” she asked, making sure the audio was on.
Suddenly, Morgana bounced into view before descending from the camera’s view again.
“Sorry about that!” he called from below. “Are you busy right now? I’d like to talk to you!”
Marie blinked in surprise before smiling, even though Morgana wouldn’t be able to see her.
“Oh, not at all, monsieur Morgana!” she chirped. She pressed a button to unlock the door.
“Bienvenue!” she greeted warmly.
“Hey Marie- WHA!” Morgana squawked as he beheld her state of dress – or rather, her lack
thereof. She was currently in nothing but a towel and still wet from the shower. Morgana
immediately turned away, covering his eyes. “I thought you were decent!” he shouted as he
did everything he could to suppress his embarrassment.
She blinked and looked down on herself, then giggled. “Ah, I’m sorry,” she said. “I was too
excited to see you.” With a flash of light, she was dry once more as her clothes reappeared on
her, sans her hat. Honestly, she wanted to have the experience of toweling herself off as well
– such soft fabrics – but it couldn’t be helped at this point. “Do come in! I would offer you a
cup of tea but I have only just set up here. My apologies for being such a poor host.”
“Er, that’s fine, you don’t need to worry about that,” Morgana stammered as he regained his
composure, walking in. The bedroom looked just the same as Ren’s, which made sense –
Servants didn’t seem to have much in terms of personal possessions unlike Ritsu. “Um, is
there anything we can set you up with?” he asked, looking about. “Or anything we could do
for you here?”
Marie blinked in surprise before chuckling. “Oh, I shall make do,” she replied cheerfully.
“Whatever amenities I require, I shall either ask or find my own way – or make do without.
This is hardly my castle after all. Besides, it is quite exquisite, being able to move about
freely like this without the responsibility and dressings of royalty. It is very enjoyable.”
Morgana slowly nodded as he took in Marie. If anyone asked him whether Marie was a queen
or not, he would be conflicted. On one hand, Marie certainly didn’t much like royalty with its

attending arrogance or dominance. She felt far too free-spirited overall that he just couldn’t
place her in a court or a throne.
On the other, she flitted about with a grace that he hadn’t seen in most people. Were she in
Tokyo, he had little doubt she would quickly manifest an entire fan club around her. It was an
extremely paradoxical nature. Honestly, as much as he liked Ann, even he would admit that
she should take a few notes from Marie.
“Are you here to simply see me, monsieur Morgana?” Marie asked as she strolled back,
sitting on the edge of her bed and motioning to the chair at the nearby desk. “Or was there
something else you wish to speak to me about?”
The catlike being blinked as Marie simply smiled at him expectantly. His jaw worked up and
down, trying to find the words. Then he decided to simply just go for it. Eschewing taking a
seat, he immediately bowed to Marie. “I’m sorry, Marie,” he said. “I’m really, really sorry.”
That took the Rider off guard. “Goodness me!” she gasped. “You are already quite forgiven,
but might I ask what you are apologizing for? As far as I know, you have not wronged me or
those I have loved – and there are many that I do love. Please, raise your head and tell me!”
Morgana drew a shaky breath. “Back in… in the doppelganger’s Palace,” he elaborated
slowly. “You and Mozart had to sacrifice yourself to draw away that cognitive Satan. I
should’ve called for a retreat earlier or-or did something. Because of my call, you two had to
die for it. It was my mistake completely, and I’m sorry. You shouldn’t have had to die.”
With that, he bowed his head again, barely restraining his tears. The contented expressions of
Marie and Mozart before they rode off with Satan on their heels still haunted his dreams. He
wasn’t above making mistakes – he learned long ago – but that mistake ended up in two
people dying under his watch. He wasn’t sure if he could ever forgive himself for that. But at
the very least, he could apologize for it.
There was a moment of silence. Marie slowly stood up, stepped toward Morgana, knelt
down… and flicked Morgana right in the forehead. “Gah!” he yelped, holding his head.
“Punishment served and once more, you are forgiven, monsieur Morgana,” Marie stated
happily. She smiled gently at him. “You made the best call you did, non? You and Ren
succeeded in the end, and I see that it even brought the doppelganger here as an ally, just as
Jeanne had wished. It’s what I believe one would call a mission success, so there is no reason
to be sad.”
“But, even then-” Morgana began stammering.
Marie once more flicked him in the forehead. “I do believe I have made myself clear,
monsieur Morgana,” she admonished, adding a bit of sternness into her voice. “You have
succeeded where many, even the greatest among us, would have made greater mistakes and
failed. If you wish to be truly contrite, then learn from what happened so that it does not
happen again.”

She smiled once more as she scooped up Morgana, holding him close. “We are here now,”
she murmured. “Is that not enough?”
Morgana blinked in surprise as he felt the warmth of Marie envelop him. He sighed as he
closed his eyes, allowing his body to relax. It felt so warm and comfortable here.
Ann could definitely learn from Marie.

—-------

The three had gathered in the summoning room once more, as well as Da Vinci, Roman, and
Mash. There had been a discussion about whether they should summon more Servants or not
as they had already summoned three from Orleans. Ultimately, it was decided that it was
better to have a few more just in case. The Servants they had right now were incredibly
powerful and under normal circumstances would be more than enough. However, the
Singularities were proving to be anything but.
Ren sighed as he rolled his shoulders. Trip to the Velvet Room aside, he hadn’t slept well.
That was honestly a regular occurrence at this point. Morgana had stopped bugging him
about it too – mainly because he was undergoing much the same issue. If he wasn’t beset by
nightmares, his sleep for the most part was just far too fitful. Once or twice, he woke up and
for a split second, thought he was back in LeBlanc. He could even smell the faint scent of
coffee wafting in from below, intermingling with the musty odor of the mattress and the dust
of the room.
Then the sterile air of Chaldea hit, and he remembered. He was still here, and humanity was
still gone. He had checked his phone once or twice, in the hope that perhaps someone from
the outside world had texted back. Aside from those messages he had sent out before the
Orleans singularity, there had been no responses.
What worried him more was that it was already starting to get a bit harder to imagine his
friends’ voices and their banter. Not by much, but even that was enough to terrify him. He
didn’t want to forget even the smallest sliver of them – they were a huge reason why he was
even fighting here, after all.
Morgana had left earlier to apologize to Marie. Everyone had already told him before he
didn’t need to, but he went anyway. That was like him. If it was his fault, he would own up to
it, sooner if not later. That time with Okumura proved that, as well as when he finally
regained his senses back in Maruki’s false paradise. From what Morgana told him, the
apology went well, so Ren was happy about that.
Ritsu was trying as hard as before to keep calm – and failing miserably, judging how she was
almost bouncing on the spot. Frankly, seeing her was a breath of fresh air. The Servants and
summoning only constantly reminded him of just how bad the whole situation was and how

he needed their strength, both to fight and for his personas. Ritsu had emphasized that these
were literal legends they were summoning – how could they not be excited?!
When she phrased it that way, he found it difficult to argue. But then, he found it difficult to
argue or go against Ritsu in general. The girl was honestly a tidal wave of enthusiasm he
hadn’t encountered before. She had definitely been a breath of fresh air, and despite only
knowing her for a day or two, he was glad to have her company regardless. She was far
different than his other friends, but that was probably a good thing.
“Are you okay, Ren-senpai?” Mash asked as she stepped forward, looking concerned. “You
look a bit pale – are you sick?” She reached up and pressed a cool hand to his forehead to
check his temperature.
Ren had to smile. Her concern was adorable, to put it mildly. She had spent the other day
training with Archer to improve her skills. Orleans showed that all of them had a lot to learn,
and she had decided to get a start on improving. With that kind of work ethic as well as her
studiousness and intelligence, Makoto would get along with her. He could definitely see
Makoto treating Mash like a little sister she never had.
“It’s fine, Mash,” he replied easily, grinning. “I just haven’t been sleeping well the last few
days. I’ll probably have to bug Roman for some sleeping meds later. Thanks for your concern
though.” Mash blinked in surprise before she hesitantly withdrew her hand with a nod. “Did
you like the curry, by the way?” he asked.
Mash blinked in surprise before nodding enthusiastically. “Oh, yes, I did, senpai!” she replied
with a bright smile. “There was a bit of sweetness there I hadn’t noticed before, with a
bitterness that somehow brought out the spices even more. Did you use a new ingredient this
time?”
Ren chuckled. “Observant as always,” he commented. “You’d be correct – I used chocolate
this time. You have to be really careful with it though – too much and you’d ruin the flavor
balance completely and make it overwhelming. Depending on the flavor I want, I use either
milk chocolate to emphasize the sweetness a bit more with the dairy giving it a slightly fuller
body, or dark chocolate so the bitterness can emphasize the spices. You can pretty much
guess which I used.”
The shielder blinked in surprise. “Chocolate in curry?” she echoed, her eyes glimmering. “I
didn’t think it could be used in such a way. That is a fantastic method, Ren-senpai! Did you
come up with this yourself? What other dishes have you experimented with?”
Ritsu smiled as she watched the two talk. Before the whole singularity, Mash didn’t talk to
many people. Most of the magi and staff ignored or treated her as a specimen at best. She
never knew the whole reason behind that treatment and no one would ever tell her, no matter
who or how many times she asked. The only people who really talked to her were Team A
(though she kept well away from Beryl), Roman, and of course her.
Now, besides Roman, she was comfortable talking to people – she was on friendly terms with
all the Servants and with Ren especially. Actually, more than just friendly in case of Ren. She
had seen crushes before and by god was Mash crushing hard on him. It was beyond adorable

to watch. Problem was, Mash was shy around him, and while Ren definitely wasn’t
oblivious, he wasn’t exactly going for it either. She would have to give them a push or two
later on…
But that was for later. For now, there were more Servants to summon!
Stepping up, she started the summoning ritual once more. After doing it once, the second
time was far easier – she barely even had to think about the words as energy began gathering
in the room once more. The lights got brighter and brighter before it flashed, blinding
everyone once more.
As the light dwindled, a new figure stood there. A woman with long, purple hair and white
robes, holding a large, cross-shaped staff in one hand. Surprisingly, despite her more
conservative wear, her robes were slitted to allow easier movements for her toned legs.
Despite that, she was a beautiful woman but not in a sexy sense – more of a serene kind of
beauty that brought peace to the heart. She reminded her of Jeanne.
“My name is Martha, Rider class,” she intoned, smiling at all of them. “By my duty as a
saint, I gladly offer my strength to save the world.” She looked around at those that gathered
– including Archer and Siegfried who were standing guard – and her gaze froze upon seeing
Ren. Ren also froze as well as they beheld each other. The tension in the air was palpable as
neither moved. Ritsu could only silently look back and forth between the two as Mash drew
closer to protect Ren. Siegfried and Archer were also tense, ready to move at a moment’s
notice. Roman watched nervously as Da Vinci subtly stepped forward protectively.
Ren remembered their last meeting. Back in Orleans, Martha had accused him of being a
heretic due to being able to draw forth the powers of angels and demons. She was definitely
not completely in her right mind, but the accusation burned hard into his memories. And now
she was here, and there was no doubt that, madness or not, she still remembered him and his
powers. What would she do here? Would she accuse him once more? Would he have to
defend himself against the saint?
Finally, Martha relaxed while closing her eyes. She gave a gentle smile once more. “I shall
reserve my judgement, Master of Chaldea,” she murmured. “You have called my strength to
save humanity and the world. You garner the loyalty of many good men and women, I can
tell. That shall be enough for me for now.” With that, she stepped off the summoning
platform and stood by the wall, awaiting the new arrivals. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
Ritsu looked quizzically over at everyone before turning to Ren. She still hadn’t been fully
briefed on the events of Orleans, so busy she was getting her room set back up and just
meeting everyone – including fangirling over the Phantom Thieves – but Ren just shook his
head. Well, any explanations would have to come later on. She would definitely have to bug
Ren, Mash, and Roman for what the heck happened in Orleans. She had a feeling it was a
wild story.
Next it was Morgana’s turn. Beginning the summoning ritual once more, the room lit up with
energy before it flashed once more. Standing there was another young woman. Unlike Martha
earlier, she wore what could honestly be described as half a blue kimono with fluffy detached
sleeves. The top was lowered surprisingly far to show her shoulders and bare cleavage, while

deep blue stockings covered her legs. Her pink hair was tied up in twintails, adorned with a
large blue ribbon.
The most striking part of her appearance though was the pair of fox ears on top of her head,
and a large fox tail that popped out from the back.
“Your reliable shrine maiden fox has arrived!” she declared, smiling brightly. “I am Tamamono-Mae, Caster! By your will, I will use my powers to bring fortune and power to all!”
The name caused both Ren and Morgana to freeze once more. The name of Tamamo-no-Mae
was well known to both of them. The fox spirit that took the form of a beautiful courtesan,
she sickened an emperor and was only exorcised by the power of a onmyōji, before she was
finally hunted down and killed. Her spirit then inhabited a stone that released a toxic gas,
killing all who approached it, and had to be destroyed and exorcised as well.
And if she was also known as Daji, the Chinese imperial concubine who brought about the
downfall of an entire dynasty…
Before either of them could say anything, Ritsu immediately rushed up, her eyes gleaming.
”Whoa, Tamamo-no-Mae?” she asked in wonder. “As in THE legendary fox spirit Tamamono-Mae? That is beyond awesome! Oh, can I shake your hand? What was it like back then in
your time? May I touch your ears and tail? They look so soft and fluffy!”
Tamamo blinked in surprise at the sheer enthusiasm that Ritsu showed before she giggled,
raising her sleeved arm to cover her mouth. “My, what a spirited youth you are,” she
commented kindly, grinning at her. “I must admit this was the first time my presence has
been received so… enthusiastically. My ears and tail are off-limits, unfortunately, but it is a
pleasure to meet you indeed. If the world needs to be saved, so I shall save it – my powers are
at your disposal.”
She glanced over at Ren and Morgana, who were watching her warily. Her smile became a bit
sadder. “It would seem my reputation precedes me, however,” she murmured. “You need not
worry. I only grant my power to those with good intentions – and noble ones such as yours
are more than worthy of it. I do not ask you to easily trust me, for I shall prove my power and
my worth in time.”
Then she looked over at the catlike Morgana, staring at him for a second as her fox ears
twitched. “Well, that would explain why you were unsurprised by my fluffy appearance,” she
muttered as she walked to stand at the wall as well. On the way, she stopped by Archer,
narrowing her eyes at him. “Have I, perhaps, met you somewhere before…?” she asked
slowly.
Archer stared back at Tamamo, frowning in concentration, before shaking his head. “No, I
don’t believe we have,” he replied. “You might have met another summon of me, but if that is
the case, I do not have his memories.”
The fox-like Caster nodded her head slowly. “Yes, I do believe you’re right,” she accepted
before finally waiting at the wall to finish the summons.

Ren and Morgana looked at each other before turning to Ritsu, who still had stars in her eyes.
In the end, they both could only shrug. Ritsu had a good head on her shoulders and a decent
sense of people, fangirling aside. The other Servants – Archer, Siegfried, and Da Vinci –
didn’t seem especially wary of her either, though Mash did draw closer to Ren once more
after noting his nervousness. Tamamo didn’t seem like too bad a person, despite her legend.
Time would tell for sure what kind of person she was.
In the meantime, Ren was the only one left. He stepped up to the summoning platform and
began the ritual once more. The lights once more reappeared… then it started vibrating and
sparking. This was new. Roman’s eyes widened at his monitoring station. “Something’s
wrong,” he called out, a note of panic quickly seeping into his voice. “These readings are like
nothing I’ve seen before! Da Vinci, shut it down!”
Da Vinci immediately ran over to the emergency shut off button as everyone drew closer
together in a protective cordon. Even Martha and Tamamo were there, the former taking the
front line and brandishing her staff while Tamamo stayed beside the Masters, summoning up
paper talismans.
The self-proclaimed genius smacked the emergency shutdown button and… nothing
happened. Instead, the light got brighter and brighter. “It’s not shutting down!” she called out,
her ever-present smile replaced with a grave expression as she summoned her staff. “Brace
yourself!” Finally, the light pulsated one last time and flashed with the sound of an explosion,
nearly knocking everyone off their feet.
Finally, the light dwindled, leaving behind a cloud of smoke. Everyone held their breath,
waiting for whoever it was and what their intentions were.
“Oh? This is surprising,” a male voice echoed. “I didn’t expect to get summoned like this,
especially in this form. Perhaps a quick little shift for my comfort…”
The smoke cleared and revealed a new figure. A woman once more. She was rather curvy,
which was only emphasized by her outfit: a striped black and dark blue skin tight, with a
black, tattered half-cape. She wore a unique helmet that jutted out almost like a demonic
beak, with red glass covering the eye holes.
Ren and Morgana’s eyes widened. Despite the apparent change in gender, that outfit and
appearance was far, far too familiar.
Reaching up, the helmet disappeared, revealing shoulder-length brown hair with auburn,
almost red eyes. “Ugh, what a stifling helmet,” the woman grumbled. Finally realizing she
had an audience, she flashed them a sardonic smile. “Well, didn’t expect such a large
welcome,” she noted, seemingly uncaring towards the Servants who were more than ready to
attack should she make a single wrong move.
Placing a hand on her chest, she bowed to them. “I am Loki,” she declared. “Class, Avenger.
I’ll admit, this is a very atypical summoning but a most interesting one. I will lend you my
strength so do entertain me in the days to come, Masters. Me being bored is very rarely a
good thing for anyone.”

The collected Servants once more tensed up, feeling none too friendly towards the newcomer
here. They waited for a command from any of their Masters. Even Ritsu, who was normally
enthusiastic about new Servants, was wary about approaching Loki. However, Ren only
spoke a single name in askance.
“Akechi…?”

Chapter End Notes

Discord here:
https://discord.gg/pGJ9p7RT
Servant sheet for Loki, courtesy of soulMatter:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/15OPy0yTtkKznZ2iok4pr0DiFJ4doCiBIbZ6bTpR
VGps/edit?usp=sharing

Chapter 42: Loki
Chapter Summary

A trickster god? Surely nothing can go wrong.

Chapter Notes

Once more, TATGO now has a TV tropes page! Contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Akechi…?”
Loki’s eyes narrowed slightly at the name. “Oh? You have some familiarity with me,
Master?” she asked softly. Then she understood. “Ah, not me. You are familiar with my
host,” she realized. “But not like this. Perhaps this is more proper for you?” With that, her
image blurred – and now Loki stood there, looking like a young man once more, still with the
sardonic smile.
“Well?” they asked, their voice taking a more masculine timbre. “Perhaps this was what you
are most familiar with?”
Shivers ran down both Ren and Morgana’s spines. There was absolutely no doubt about it
now. Appearance, voice, even the tone was far too similar. In front of them stood the former
Detective Prince and former Phantom Thief member – and the traitor who tried to get them
all killed: Goro Akechi. Neither of them knew precisely what happened to Akechi after he
shut the doors back in Shido’s Palace – but Futaba had made it clear that she could no longer
get readings on him.
Then there was Maruki’s false paradise where he came back to life, if only just for a bit, and
fought alongside them. Was it real? Or was it another cognitive distortion Maruki had
conjured up? Even now, neither of them had a clear answer. Before Chaldea, Akechi’s fate
had been in their dreams and nightmares for a long time. And here he was.
Or rather… no. This wasn’t Akechi. This was Loki. The Persona he used when he was in the
Metaverse. How fitting.

Loki’s smile widened. They stepped forward off the summoning platform toward Ren – and
immediately had multiple weapons pointed straight at them. Loki raised an eyebrow before
raising a hand… and gently pushing Balmung away from him. “I don’t much care for you,”
Loki remarked casually, glancing over at a stern Siegfried while ignoring Archer and Martha.
Stepping forward past the bristling weapons, they reached over and… adjusted Ren’s collar.
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” Loki remarked with mocking concern. “But then, you
are surrounded by them, technically speaking. My presence shouldn’t be too much of a
surprise.” Smirking, they backed off as their figure blurred once more – and they now wore a
beige suit with black slacks and shoes. Akechi’s Detective Prince uniform.
“I can tell my time here will be quite entertaining,” they concluded, glancing over at Da Vinci
and Roman with a smirk as well. “I do look forward to our time together.” With another blur,
Loki took on a more female figure once more before walking off, humming to themselves.
The door to the summoning room hissed open as they stepped through, then hissed shut,
leaving everyone just silently staring.
Ritsu was the first to break the silence. “What. The hell. Was that,” she flatly stated. “We-we
just summoned a goddamn Norse god. I… I didn’t even think that was possible. I thought
you couldn’t summon gods? Demigods, sure, but a full-on god?! And to top it all off, we
summoned freaking LOKI of all people?! What the hell is going on here?!”
Then she rounded on Ren. “And you seemed to recognize him… her… whatever. You
seemed to recognize them,” she pointed out. “What’s the story with that? We gotta know
what we’re dealing with here or we’re in huge trouble! So, what’s going on here!”
“I think it’s best to give him some space, Ritsu-senpai,” Mash quickly interjected as she
worriedly observed Ren. The Master was completely pale, his pupils dilated. Indeed, Loki’s
observation that he had seen a ghost wasn’t too far off the mark from his reaction. Morgana
didn’t fare much better, plopped down and staring at the floor in pure and absolute shock.
The girl blinked in surprise at Mash’s comment, then immediately stepped closer in concern.
“Hey, Ren? Come on, earth to Ren,” she called out, gently shaking him. “Hey, it’s gonna be
alright, okay? Deep breaths now.” Ren glanced down at Ritsu, but his gaze seemed to be
staring past her as opposed to at her. It was clear his mind was very much somewhere else
right now.
“We still have to decide what to do with Loki,” Roman pointed out, running a hand through
his orange hair as he stepped out from behind the workstation, Da Vinci by his side once
more. “For now, it’s probably best if we unsummon them. Archer, Siegfried, could I ask you
to-“
“No.”
The flat response came from Ren. Everyone turned to Ren in surprise as he seemed to shake
himself out of his stupor. “We’re not killing them,” he growled with surprising vehemence.
Archer shot a sharp look at Ren. “Master, we can’t afford to continue along with your policy
of non-killing,” he admonished. “Especially if they’re here in Chaldea and could pose a

considerable threat to us. Unless you have a good reason why we shouldn’t kill them, we-“
“I don’t give a damn about reasons this time, Archer,” Ren snarled back, easily meeting his
glare and surprising Archer in turn. “We’re not killing them and that’s final. I’ll… I’ll figure
something else out. But we’re not killing them.” He turned his gaze to the other collected
Servants. “Could one of you keep an eye on Loki?” he asked. “Just because we’re not killing
them doesn’t mean we’re just gonna let them run free.”
Siegfried stepped forward. “Allow me, Master,” he replied earnestly. “I am somewhat
knowledgeable about the gods from my own homeland. Should any problem arise, I will tend
to it and ask for help if necessary.”
Ren nodded grimly. “Alright,” he agreed. “I’ll be counting on you, Siegfried.” The
dragonslayer nodded, then turned and faded away into spiritual form, leaving the others
standing in the room. A moment of silence passed as they considered what on earth just
happened.
“Right, um… perhaps a tour might be in order, Ren-senpai? Ritsu-senpai? Mr. Morgana?”
Mash called out to break the silence, looking anxiously around.
“I think I could use some coffee first,” Roman muttered as he massaged the bridge of his
nose once more. “Hey Ren, think I could ask you for a cup or three? I think we’ll need it
before long today.”
The Phantom Thief glanced up at Roman and was about to refuse, but a wave of weariness
washed over him. He was exhausted, mentally and emotionally. A habit he could fall back on
may be precisely what he needed right now. “Yeah, yeah, I can make you a cup,” he replied
wearily. “What about the rest of you? Tamamo? Martha? You guys drink coffee?”
Tamamo blinked in surprise as her ears twitched. “I personally prefer tea myself,” she
admitted. “But I am curious about this beverage. I shall repay you for your hospitality.”
Martha thought, then shrugged. “I have heard about it, but I haven’t tried it myself,” she
replied. “Please, lead the way, Master.” It was clear that the Servants agreed to take their
mind off things – and to make sure their own Master didn’t destabilize further. Mash, in the
meantime, reached down and gently scooped up the near-catatonic Morgana.
With that, they all silently filed out of the summoning room. Complicated days were ahead.
—------Cú Chulainn waited patiently at the water’s edge in the simulator, his fishing rod barely
moving above the pool. Apparently, one could do some fishing over here – at least, that’s
what he heard from that Rider and Elizabeth. He was surprised he hadn’t heard about this
earlier. So far, no one had joined him. Elizabeth was apparently trying to find a room that
could serve as a studio and practice room for her (God forbid), and Ren was with the other
Masters summoning more Servants.
It was definitely gonna get crowded here, that much was clear.

Honestly, he was still thinking about what the Masters – in this case, Ren and Morgana – had
talked about in the Metaverse, coupled with the report he heard from both Saber and Archer
about it. It was serious enough that the latter had dropped his usual snarky demeanor and
presented to him the straight facts about the doppelganger’s… Palace, as they were called.
The environment, the demons, the wyverns, that cognitive Satan, and more.
He missed on a helluva battle, he knew that much, but more than that, to be able to affect a
person’s mind, even Servants… It definitely stuck in his craw. As a pragmatic warrior, he
could appreciate being able to go into someone’s mind in such a manner and be able to alter
the course of a battle with the least amount of killing. But for someone who loved a good
scrap like him, it certainly felt like he was cheating.
But then, these Palaces were a person’s mind, right? Then wouldn’t he’d be fighting an
idealized version of that person since that’s what they were in their head? Or was he missing
a few notes about that? It definitely would make for a more fun fight.
Discarding that thought for now, it certainly connected a lot of pieces for him, especially
regarding Ren. The kid had never actually killed before. Whatever he ‘killed’ were just
pieces of thought and imagination as opposed to actual people. No wonder why he was so
shaken up by the corpses he saw in Orleans.
It also explained how he cut his teeth in battle too – you couldn’t have a better ‘home turf’
than your own mind, after all. Their targets may not have been Servants, but even he would
be leery about going into the head of the various scumbags they encountered. He had to
wonder what would happen if he could delve into Medb’s mind.
He immediately shuddered and dismissed the thought. No way in HELL did he want to enter
that woman’s head. He was fearless but not a complete idiot. Frankly, he would rather bind
himself to that damn rock again with his own entrails than go into her head.
“You’re not very good at this, are you?”
In a split second, the Gae Bolg was in Cú’s hand as it shot up, barely missing the person who
backed off, laughing. Cú turned to look, his grip tight on the Gae Bolg. Standing nearby
smirking at him was a girl about the Masters’ age, wearing a beige suit. The glint in her eyes
definitely sent shivers up his spine. All his instincts were telling him she was bad news. And
worst of all: She was a Servant.
“Oh, you must be a new arrival, huh?” Cú asked casually. Despite the light tone of his voice,
however, he still kept the Gae Bolg out in the open, nor did his eyes ever leave the new
Servant. “Takes a lot of skill – and guts – to sneak up on me. I’m guessing you’re an Assassin
class?”
The Servant chuckled once more. “Not an Assassin, I’m afraid,” she replied, still grinning
despite the clear menace Cú was exuding. “Just a Servant whose combat capabilities are quite
low, especially compared to yours. I was merely curious about the facilities and wished to
explore. Feel free to ignore me and continue about your business.”

The Lancer raised his eyebrows at that comment. She said low combat capabilities, yet she
managed to sneak up on him without so much as a whisper of her presence. If this Servant
was trying to get him to lower his guard, she was doing an extraordinarily poor job of it – and
he had a feeling she was doing so intentionally. “Aren’t the Masters supposed to give you a
tour of the place?” he asked warily. “What are you doing wandering off and about then?”
The young woman sighed, donning an expression of woe. “Oh, I seem to have made a very
poor impression on them,” she lamented. “I’ll have to find some way to apologize. In the
meantime, I’m grateful they have left me to my own devices so that I may peruse the
facilities at my own leisure. Knowing where everything is surely going to be handy.”
“Is that right?” Cú muttered before setting down his fishing rod. He turned to fully face the
new Servant. “So, what’s your game?” he asked, slouching over the rock as he rested the Gae
Bolg on his shoulder. “I doubt you’re here for friendly chit-chat, and frankly, you reek of
bullshit even from here. The hell do you want?”
The Servant’s smile widened further, dropping what little pretense of innocence remained.
“Ah, now is the question now, isn’t it?” she replied softly. “I do wish for quite a few things. A
ring that could duplicate itself, for instance. A cloak of feathers that would allow me to fly at
any time. A trough filled with all the meat I could possibly eat for the next week or three. To
see the world freeze then burn, and then watch what is born from the ashes.”
She glanced over as the Lancer’s grip on the Gae Bolg tightened. “But what I wish most of
all,” she murmured. “A desire that gods, monsters, and humanity share no matter what:
Entertainment. Chaos and order are boring concepts by themselves, but what would happen if
order were brought to chaos, or chaos brought to order? Do you not find that a most
interesting prospect?”
“Can’t say I do,” Cú growled as he stood up, towering over the Servant. “I warn you though –
if you try to cause any bullshit here, we’ll all be on you before you can even blink, even with
your fancy trick of sneaking up on people.”
He stepped forward and pointed his spear right at the Servant’s throat. “So what’s it gonna
be?” Cú asked.
The Servant looked down almost disinterestedly at the Gae Bolg, then at the Lancer
himself… then chuckled. She reached up and gently pushed the spear away with two fingers
– making sure not to touch the blade itself and only the shaft.
“Good to see you are so loyal, hound,” she commented snidely with a wide sardonic grin.
“You need not worry. This mission to save the world and humanity seems ripe with
entertainment. It’d be beyond pointless to ruin it when it’s still ripening.” With that, she
turned away, uncaring that the spear was pointed at her once more. “It was a pleasure to meet
you nevertheless,” she said, raising a hand to carelessly wave goodbye as she vanished in a
shower of golden light.
Cú watched as the Servant disappeared, holding up his spear for a second longer, before it
vanished in his hands. He let out a breath he didn’t even realize he was holding. He glanced

over to the side at seemingly thin air. “Took you long enough,” he called out. “Were you
supposed to keep an eye on her?”
A flash of golden light later and Siegfried appeared. “My apologies, Lancer,” he replied
contritely. “I do not know how, but they seemingly escaped my notice with ease. I had only
just found them and was observing them. If you’ll excuse me, I need to-“
The Lancer immediately waved his hand in dismissal. “Don’t bother,” he muttered. “If they
can escape you that easily, then there’s not gonna be anybody here who can keep track of
them.” He would probably run himself ragged trying to follow the damn Servant despite his
ludicrous speed. Perhaps that Rider would be able to follow them.
“So our Masters summoned an Assassin?” he asked rhetorically. “I figured it was about time
we got one, given how they are. Wish they weren’t such a loose cannon though.”
Siegfried blinked, then shook his head. “That is no Assassin, Lancer-“
“Call me Cú.”
“Cú,” the dragonslayer amended himself. “That was an Avenger class Servant – Loki.”
Cú Chulainn immediately whipped around to stare at Siegfried in shock. “Y-you said an
Avenger Servant?!” he spluttered. “And it’s Loki?!”
Siegfried nodded grimly. “Indeed,” he replied. “It certainly seemed unlikely Loki would be
summoned here, yet they are.”
The Lancer clicked his tongue as he scratched the back of his head. The Trickster God and
bringer of Ragnarok, the cataclysm that ended the Age of Gods for the Norse divine spirits
here? That definitely wasn’t good news. “Any clue why that might be the case then?” he
asked, glaring at the spot where Loki had vanished. “Gods like that may show up on a whim,
but something’s gotta catch it first.”
The dragonslayer frowned. “It is a guess,” he said slowly. “But I believe that their appearance
has something to do with our Masters, particularly Ren Amamiya. He called Loki by another
name – ‘Akechi’. There is no doubt there is some familiarity there.”
“Is that right…?” Cú mused. Akechi… he heard that name before. During the debriefing,
when their Master shared with them his adventures. Apparently he was a one-time enemy of
theirs and a traitor. He sighed, irritated. Just as he thought he figured out one thing about his
Masters, another damn thing popped up. Screw it.
If his Master wasn’t going to be forthcoming with answers – and it could be answers that
could easily get them all killed – he was gonna ask for them himself.
—------Ren was in his element and more. He was moving about the kitchen with practiced and
routine ease as he moved from the coffee brewers to the pot of curry that was cooking on a
nearby stove top. Normally his cooking routine wouldn’t be so… monotonous – he had been

getting cooking lessons from Archer, after all – but after what he had just been through, he
needed something to fall back on. The ever-classic LeBlanc curry and coffee combo suited
that purpose just fine.
Aside from Archer, who was silently helping in the kitchen, everyone else had piled into the
counters outside of the kitchen. All of them were quiet, even the normally garrulous Ritsu.
Having an Avenger in their midst didn’t sit well with anyone, especially one that could give
Ren and Morgana such a drastic reaction. Morgana himself was sitting on the edge of the
group, silent. As many questions as they all had, it was better to give the two some space for
now.
There wasn’t any other staff in the cafeteria at the moment. They had been called away by
Roman and Da Vinci for an emergency discussion on how they could tighten down their
systems and prevent Loki from tampering with their systems. They weren’t about to leave it
to chance that Loki wouldn’t screw around one way or another.
That Siegfried lost track of Loki so easily only exacerbated everyone’s worries and was the
reason the two left to call the meeting in the first place.
Finally, the curry was ready. Ren ladled out the curry on prepped dishes of rice before turning
around and pouring out cups of the carefully crafted brew. Archer swooped in and took the
dishes out to everyone at the counters while Ren followed up with cups. He flashed his usual
smile towards everyone as he did so. “Let me know what you guys think,” he said.
Martha and Tamamo glanced at their plates, judging the sight of it. Picking up their spoons,
they took a spoonful of the curry and rice and bit into it. Martha’s eyes immediately lit up.
“Oh wow,” she gasped. “This is fantastic! I didn’t realize food this rich existed! These flavors
are marvelously complex, and the meat is so tender! And these spices!” With that, she began
wolfing down the curry, her eyes practically gleaming in bliss.
The Caster, on the other hand, ate in a more reserved manner. “It is quite delicious,” she
commented with a smile. “However, the flavors are not, shall we say, ‘my cup of tea’. I
usually prefer more traditional Japanese dishes. That said though, I certainly would like the
recipe if you’re willing to give it. I would love to make more of this if possible.” Ren grinned
at the opinion of the two women. Well, that was as good as it gets when it came to Servants.
Tamamo reached over for the coffee and daintily took a sip – and her eyes lit up in turn.
“Mikooon~!” she exclaimed, her ears perking up as her tail swished fiercely. “What a
marvelous flavor! Bitter, yes, but many notes interweaved within! A faint, soft sweetness,
and a surprisingly clean finish! I’ve heard many tales of this ‘coffee’ and have even tried it
once, but compared to the swill I have tried before, this is excellent beyond measure!”
Ren chuckled, joined by Morgana, their hearts lightened a bit from the laughter. “You
definitely have a good palate,” Ren complimented with a grin. “That blend is made from
Brazilian Bourbon. They don’t have high quantities so I’m honestly surprised Chaldea even
had any on hand to begin with. Since you’re more used to traditional Japanese tea, I thought I
would find something that was most like it. Glad to see you like it.”

“My, what an attentive Master you are,” Tamamo commented, smiling over the edge of her
cup. “It seems I did not make a mistake offering my services to you. I thank you greatly for
your hospitality and will be sure to repay it a hundredfold when the situation allows.” So
saying, she took another sip of the coffee, her elegant expression of enjoyment marred only
by the happy twitch of her ears and tail.
Martha glanced over at Tamamo enjoying her coffee, then took her cup and tried a sip for
herself – and her face immediately twisted into one of disgust for a split second before
forcing her features back to a neutral expression. That being said, for Ren and Morgana who
were used to watching the reactions of LeBlanc’s patrons both new and old, such an
expression didn’t easily pass by their observation.
“It is, ah, a very… bracing beverage,” Martha commented with difficulty. It was obvious she
was trying to find words to properly compliment it.
Morgana chuckled again. “Not a fan, huh?” he teased, grinning over at her. “It’s fine – it’s not
everyone’s thing, after all. We’ve had a friend or two that just couldn’t understand why the
rest of us enjoyed coffee so much. Hey Ren, we still got creamers and sugars, right?”
Ren nodded with a smirk, walking over to grab some for Martha’s coffee – and blinked in
surprise as he came upon Ritsu’s and Mash’s place at the counter. He had served everyone
some curry and coffee. The Servants still had some food on their plates and were enjoying (or
trying to enjoy) their coffees. In contrast, the girls’ plates and cups were already empty.
Ritsu grinned up at Ren. “Think you got enough for seconds?” she asked. “Maybe thirds?”
Mash, meanwhile, looked abashed and fidgeted in her seat – a motion that didn’t go
unnoticed by the redhead, who wrapped an arm around Mash and pulled her close. “And
another for our favorite Mashumallow here!” she called out cheerily for her.
“R-Ritsu-senpai?!” Mash gasped, her face turning a bright hue of red.
The former barista shook his head with a smile. “Two more plates of curry and more coffee,
coming up!” he called out.
“Oi, make that three, kid!”
Ren blinked as he peered over. Cú Chulainn was coming in with a smirk and a wave before
sitting down at the counter himself. Ritsu looked at him up and down, and for obvious
reasons – the Lancer’s skintight outfit left little to the imagination. Cu quickly noticed the
attention he was getting and grinned. “What, never seen a Servant before?” he asked
teasingly, leaning up against the counter.
“Seeing is believing, as they say,” Ritsu replied, still ogling unashamedly. “And I believe
what I see is very fine indeed.” The comment caused the Lancer to burst out in laughter. After
Medb and most other Celtic women, what Ritsu did was honestly refreshingly innocent and
straightforward. It was a breath of fresh air, all things considered.
“You’re alright, kid, you’re alright,” he replied with a wide grin. Difficulties aside, he was
certainly happy that his Masters this time were far more understanding and easier to deal with

than some other ones he could think of. It was a nice change of pace overall. He grinned
appreciatively as Ren served out even more plates and coffees before finally getting the
creamer and sugar for Martha, and happily tucked in.
Before long, everyone was sitting back contentedly with empty plates and cups. Ren grinned
as he collected the plates from everyone. “So, how was it, everyone?” he asked rhetorically,
glancing back at the group as he placed them all inside the sink.
Martha smiled and nodded. “It was quite lovely, thank you,” she replied with a small nod of
gratitude. “My time didn’t have such foods – they were often far plainer – so to taste
something like that was quite exquisite. The coffee… I’m afraid it agreed with me less than
I’d like. The creamer and sugar made it more tolerable, but it’s not something I will get used
to anytime soon, I should think.”
Morgana shrugged. “That’s alright,” he replied casually. “Honestly, coffee is definitely more
of an acquired taste for some than others. Jeanne couldn’t handle it either. She’s got a
surprising sweet tooth here, did you know that?”
The Rider perked up. “Jeanne d’Arc is here?” she gasped, her eyes glimmering eagerly. Then
she blinked and settled back down, clearing her throat, and smiled gracefully once more. “It
is good to hear a fellow saint is here,” she continued more calmly. “I shall have to find her
once we are done here. I’m sure she and I have much to speak about.” Both Ren and
Morgana just nodded smiling, while Ritsu barely held her mirth with a small chuckle. That
lapse in her composure wasn’t missed by them.
Tamamo sipped her coffee – her third cup now. “Indeed, I must thank you for introducing me
to this new realm of beverages,” she commented. “It is quite delicious with very subtle notes
that are quite enjoyable. Might I trouble you to perhaps teach me how to brew this? I think it
would compliment very well with certain snacks.”
Ren grinned. “Always happy to teach,” he replied. Teaching how to make coffee… It
definitely reminded him of his time with Sojiro back at LeBlanc. One of the couple times he
was undoubtedly happy. The old man was rather gruff with his teachings and stern with his
judgement, but never unfairly and he learned swiftly under him. The memory of Sojiro’s eyes
lit up when he created a cup of coffee that met his standards was still something he held on
to.
Cú Chulainn stretched, satisfied with his meal. “Good stuff as always, kid,” he complimented
Ren. Then he glanced up at him. “Wish that was all I was here for though,” he added.
Once more, the air changed, tension immediately rocketing. Mash glanced back and forth
nervously between Ren and Cú, Ritsu raised an eyebrow but kept quiet, Martha and Archer
straightened up – obviously and subtly respectively – while Tamamo continued to calmly sip
her coffee, though the twitch of her ears showed she was attentive, nevertheless.
Ren and Morgana looked at each other. This was definitely a repeat of that time in the
cafeteria. However, this time Cú most likely wasn’t going to leave without some answers.

That being said, this time was different as well. He had already divulged a large amount of
information to Mash, Da Vinci, and Roman, as well as the Servants. They had taken all that
information in good faith and had kept it secret as he requested, nor had they shown any
inclination of abusing that knowledge as both he and Morgana feared. They needed to bring
Ritsu into the loop as well beyond the basics, but there hadn’t been a good opportunity to.
Perhaps it was time to trust them again, if only to prevent them from getting stabbed in the
back.
The Master sighed. “Look, this isn’t a good time to talk about it,” he murmured. “Someone
might still be listening in on us. I would do it telepathically but…” He glanced over at Ritsu
and Mash and nodded to them. “I owe you guys some answers as well.”
“That will not be a problem, Master,” Tamamo stated. With a flick of her wrist, multiple
paper talismans appeared in the air before shooting off, pasting themselves on the walls in a
perimeter around the room. A few covered the security cameras as well. “All sight and sound
from this room has been sealed off,” she explained. “No one outside will hear us unless I
wish for it. Will that suffice, Masters?”
Ritsu blinked as she observed the glowing talismans. “So, uh, is it premature to tell you that
you’re freaking awesome, Tamamo?” she asked, looking about in awe.
The Caster raised a hand to cover her mouth as she gently giggled. “It never is, my Master,”
she cooed. “Please, feel free to compliment me more when timing permits. But not now.”
With that, everyone’s attention was on Ren and Morgana again, the latter having hopped up
onto the counter to stand beside Ren. They looked at each once more, then nodded. Ren
contacted the other Servants via telepathy so that he could relay the story to them as well.
With that, Ren decided to tell them what he knew.
—------Goro Akechi.
An enigmatic young man who was a rising celebrity alongside the Phantom Thieves. He was
heralded as the Second Coming of the Detective Prince, behind Naoto Shirogane.
Prominently featured on TV and other media, he had been spearheading the psychotic
breakdown cases that had been plaguing the city. Handsome, charming and affable,
intelligent and cunning, he stole the hearts of countless people, young and old.
With his rising stardom, it was inevitable that he was set into conflict with the Phantom
Thieves in the eyes of the public. The stalwart Detective Prince against the enigmatic
Phantom Thieves – what better competition would there be? The Thieves continued to take
hearts and made their targets confessed as Akechi hunted them down, trying to discern their
identities and showing what bits of information he could share on national TV.
Rather, it had been played that way.

The truth had ultimately been far more complicated. Akechi could enter the Metaverse like
the Phantom Thieves, and just like them had the power of persona as well. He blackmailed
the Phantom Thieves into working with him to alter the heart of Sae Niijima, which was in
their interest as well – the prosecutor was pressured to find any reason to arrest them, and for
her career, was more than inclined to.
And that’s when everything went straight to hell. Akechi was a traitor, working with Shido,
and got Ren arrested and interrogated. He would be killed in an interrogation cell, far from
any prying eyes, made to look like a suicide, and that would be that.
Except… they had figured him out long ago. Before everything that happened in Chaldea,
only those who entered the Metaverse with Morgana could understand him. Otherwise, he
was nothing more than a cat. And Akechi had inadvertently revealed long ago he could hear
Morgana. Thus, they planned against him.
And then, the final confrontation with him in Shido’s Ark. There, they learned the truth about
Akechi: An illegitimate orphan of Masayoshi Shido, made into his personal assassin. He had
been working with his biological father in secret, in the hopes of getting close enough to kill
him himself. His charming façade fell away into vengeful hatred and rage, which he turned
on the Thieves for getting in his way.
Dispensing with his false Robin Hood persona, he pulled out his true persona: Loki. A
struggle ensued, taking all of the Phantom Thieves to finally defeat him. Just as they were
about to convince him to truly join them, however, they were ambushed by more shadows and
Shido’s cognitive Akechi.
Then he shot a bulkhead door. It closed, locking him with his doppelganger and the shadows.
A gunshot rang out from behind the door. And Oracle sensed nothing more from him.
Goro Akechi was no more.
—------Everyone considered in silence. Ren himself was stone-faced, though he was gripping the
countertop so hard his knuckles had turned white. Morgana walked over to place a
comforting hand on his arm, earning Ren’s smile of gratitude.
The debriefing had only glanced over some details of Akechi, particularly where it had been
relevant to the Phantom Thieves but laying it out like this was… painful. Ever since their
adventures, Ren and Morgana hadn’t spoken of Akechi at all. And frankly, neither did the
public. After they restored the world to the way it was from Maruki’s false paradise, it was
like he never existed at all. One or two murmurs at best, but everyone moved on. Life moved
on.
They hadn’t moved on, and before the Incineration, hadn’t been given a chance to.
“Huh,” Cú huffed as he sat back in his chair. “Not the worst I heard, but that still fucking
sucks. Still, glad you told us. At least we know why that Akechi kid is the host to a trickster
god like that.” He heaved an irritated sigh. “Sorry. I’m not the best with reassurances or

sympathies. Still, that doesn’t make them any less annoying to deal with. Frankly, they’re as
easy to figure out as a tangle of matted wool, and they just send shivers down my spine.”
“Oh, come now, I can’t be all that bad.”
At the sound of their voice, everyone started as Ren and Morgana whirled around. Leaning
up against the kitchen counters next to the brewers was Loki, who had filled a cup for himself
and was sipping daintily at the liquid.
“Please, don’t mind me,” they called out with a sardonic smile. “I have heard tales of your
coffee and curry, and while I’m not immediately hungry, I must say this brew is superb. My
compliments to the chef.” For emphasis, he took another sip, smiling happily.
“How long have you been there?” Ren asked, his tone sharp.
Loki shrugged. “Long enough to hear the story about my host,” they replied. “A most
marvelous tale, however. I must commend you for it. It certainly explains quite a bit, like
why I was summoned in the first place, and as an Avenger, no less.”
They took another sip of the coffee. “It seems I was correct,” they mused. “This place was
quite interesting after all. If that story was merely the tip of the iceberg, I find myself deeply
curious as to what is next. Here’s to your future adventures and stories, my dear Masters.” So
saying, they raised their cup in a small mocking toast.
“And where would that leave you?” Archer asked. “Unfortunately, we’re not in the business
of storytelling or running a show. We do have a world and humanity to save, and would
appreciate it if you weren’t just a freeloader. Where do you stand with us, Loki? Or should
we send you back to the Throne right now and save us all the trouble?”
The trickster god glanced up and shook their head. “Temper, temper, tut, tut,” they chided. “I
have not even done anything and you are already treating me with such hostility. Ah, it
wounds my heart. Though…” They dropped the sadness on their face and replaced it with
their smirk once more. “It would seem my reputation quite obviously precedes me. No doubt
my… former associates have spread my tale far and wide.”
They leaned back against the counter, taking yet another sip. “Still, for what it’s worth,” they
added casually. “I find all of you more pleasant company – far quieter and certainly far less
drunk than they are, I shall say that much. Them and their constant feasts and festivities.”
Growling out the last part, they returned to their coffee.
Ritsu stared at Loki, then hopped off her seat, marched into the cafeteria, standing face to
face with Loki. The trickster god raised an eyebrow at the audacity of the girl. “And how can
I help you?” they asked out of curiosity.
“Put down your coffee cup first,” she ordered, her tone oddly neutral – one that so far no one
had heard from her. Loki, curious to see where this would go, did so. When they did and fully
faced Ritsu once more, they received a solid punch to the face before anyone could stop her.
“That’s for your host, Goro Akechi,” she growled. Then she raised her other fist and socked

them another. “Sorry,” she added. “That’s for reminding me of a creep I don’t particularly
like.”
Ritsu’s actions caught all of them by surprise, Loki most of all. There was a moment of
silence… then the Avenger began to laugh, hard. “Oh, oh you are a treat!” they declared.
Their smirk had transformed into a near-psychotic grin as they peered down at the girl, their
auburn eyes now a bright red. “You, Ritsuka Fujimaru, are VERY interesting. Just you alone
are worth the summoning. Tell me – are there other crimes you wish to punish me for?”
The girl gulped and took a step back, but nevertheless raised her hands and cracked her
knuckles. “Oh, I’m sure I’ll have a lot more to punch you for before everything’s said and
done,” she replied, forcing down the slight quiver in her voice.
Loki’s grin widened even further. “Oh, is that so~?” they replied. “Well now, you have me
looking quite forward to it. What can I do to provoke such a reaction, hm? I do hope you’ll
tell me. Or should I prod around and find out for myself?” They stepped forward – and were
stopped by a Bakuya and their throat and Ren moving in front of Ritsu. Behind them, all the
Servants had summoned their weapons as well.
The trickster looked about at Archer and Ren, and the collection of Servants ready to spring
into action. They chuckled once more, relaxing their body as their eyes dimmed back to their
normal auburn color. “Oh, do relax,” they admonished. “If you are this easy to rile up, I can
hardly imagine you’d manage stress on the battlefield well. I do stand by what I said – I will
fight with you. It certainly does seem the most interesting thing to do – and perhaps I shall
find more entertainment that way.”
They smirked again, shifting their head slightly so the blade cut their throat lightly, leading to
a tiny trickle of blood running down their neck. “I do look forward to working with you all,”
they finished.
There was a silence as they all considered what to do. Suddenly, Tamamo glanced at the
cafeteria door. “The doctor is banging against the door,” she reported. “Shall I let him in?”
Ren blinked, then nodded. “Put away your blades, Archer,” he commanded. “Loki, behave
yourself.”
There was a moment of hesitation from Archer as the talismans vanished, before his blades
disappeared, though not without a sharp glare from the Servant at Loki. Loki, for their part,
simply stretched their neck, smiling without a care, despite his wound. Ritsu matched his
glare. Creep.
Roman rushed, panting. “Finally, I could get in,” he gasped, holding his nose. “Ran straight
into the door – didn’t expect it to be locked.”
“What’s the rush, doctor?” Morgana called out from the counter. “What’s happening?”
The doctor held up a finger so he could catch his breath, then he stood back up, staring at
them all with all seriousness.

“The next singularity has been located.”

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/pGJ9p7RT

Chapter 43: Septem
Chapter Summary

A new mission, a new time, and new people.

Chapter Notes

Sorry for the delay in the upload. Respiratory infections aren't fun. Who knew?
Once more, TATGO has a TV Tropes Page. Please contribute!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There was a strange air of tension within the command center, considerably more so than
when they were setting off for Orleans. After all, expectations were now set, and with the
debriefing, Ren and Morgana would be more closely scrutinized than before, by both
Servants and the staff at Chaldea. Anything could still happen, but Ren and Morgana had
proven themselves, so the pressure was even greater now.
Not to mention, it was Ritsu’s first foray into a singularity. There was some discussion on
whether she should set off with them – especially considering she didn’t have nearly the
combat skills of either Ren or Morgana, nor did she have their experience or strategic
acumen. Some training perhaps would be needed. However, the more veteran Servants –
particularly Artoria, Cu Chulainn, and Jeanne – argued that no amount of training would
prepare her properly for the battlefield. It was better to send her in now.
So Ritsu, dressed in her Chaldean Master uniform, which functioned as a mystic code, stood
beside Ren and Morgana, bouncing excitedly. The uniform had useful functions that included
strengthening Servants, granting them brief clairvoyance to dodge incoming attacks, and
even healing them. Ren could do the same as well, but with his personas, the mystic code was
made redundant overall.
Formations were also shifted as well. While Mash was to protect the Masters to the best of
her ability, her priority was given to Ritsu as opposed to Ren or Morgana. The latter two had
the means to protect themselves far more than she did, after all. Her defensive capabilities
would be far more necessary for Ritsu than they were with the Phantom Thieves. However,
given Ren’s capabilities, additional protection would be required besides Servants. And it
turned out, they had the perfect answer.

Joan stood nearby, crossing her arms as she stared up at the globe that was CHALDEAS. As
an incarnated Servant, she could be treated much the same as one of the Masters without
straining the power supply from Chaldea. She wouldn’t strain the supplies overall for
Chaldea either. Amazingly enough, the Lancer Servant required almost no persuasion. As
soon as she was told her role, she immediately agreed without even a hint of grumbling.
“We’ll be counting on you, Joan,” Ren called out. “Glad you’re coming with us.”
She glanced over at the Master before turning her eyes back to the globe. “I’m just doing my
job,” she muttered. “I have to make sure you all survive so this won’t all be for nothing.”
That all the people she killed in France wouldn’t have died for absolutely nothing. Their lives
were wasted to a heretic and sinner like her – all she could do at this point was make up for it.
Now and in the future.
“Oh, ragazzo and gatto~!” came Da Vinci’s sing-song voice over the intercom. “Please see
me at my workshop~! Your universal genius has presents for you~!”
Ren and Morgana looked at each other in surprise. Come to think of it, they never received
their weapons back from her. Ritsu grinned. “Gifts from Da Vinci?” she asked. “Well of
course – the Phantom Thieves only use the most awesome stuff, after all. Go on! I wanna see
it when you guys come back!” With a small (not so small) encouraging push from Ritsu, they
set off down the hallway towards the Caster’s workshop.
“Do you think we should tell her that most of the stuff we used were just replicas?” Morgana
pondered as he walked beside Ren in his Metaverse form.
The leader of the Phantom Thieves chuckled in turn. “I think we can keep that a secret for a
bit longer,” Ren replied with a grin. He still remembered all the weapons and gear he bought
from Iwai, or the stuff he collected in Mementos and had to wash at the laundry machine.
They all turned out extremely useful – and surprisingly sold for a decent amount too once the
team no longer had any use for them.
Honestly, it was a blessing that he could do his laundry in the coin-based laundromat right
across from LeBlanc which also neighbored a bath. Explaining to Sojiro where he got all the
dirty clothes from would definitely have been awkward overall. Stashing away weapons,
however, was another story. Thankfully he used knives and pistols, while Morgana used
scaled down swords and slingshots. Easy to conceal in his bag.
Thankfully, Haru had come in as a godsend, renting out a storage unit for most of their gear.
It got harder and harder to hide things like Ryuji’s clubs, Yusuke’s katanas, and most of all,
Haru’s battleaxes and grenade launchers. How they weren’t caught by the cops with those, he
would honestly never figure out…
Coming to a stop at Da Vinci’s workshop, they once more tapped the door panel. The door
hissed open almost immediately, allowing the two in. Entering the room, they found Da Vinci
wearing magnifier glasses, closely looking over Ren’s knife. “Hey, Da Vinci,” Ren called out,
loud enough to be heard but not so much as to disturb her. “I hear you’ve got something for
us.”

The Caster looked up and grinned, pushing up her glasses. “Indeed I do, my ragazzo!” She
handed back their weapons which now looked a bit different – a streak of white across the
blades of their respective weapons. Switching forms, the top part of the gun retained the
white streak while the prongs of Morgana’s slingshot held the same coloration.
“Please, do try them out,” Da Vinci chirped with a grin. “I had particular fun customizing
them this time around – improving upon one’s own works is the sigh of a true genius, after
all~” She looked at them expectantly. “How do they feel, ragazzo? Gatto?”
Ren stared at the streak in his knife approvingly before twirling it in his hand. He switched to
its gun form and aimed it carefully, making sure to keep his finger off the trigger. It was no
slouch before, but it just felt better in his hand now than it did before. He had a similar
feeling with some of the weapons he picked up back in the Metaverse – despite their
progressively outlandish designs, they somehow still felt easier to wield and use than more
‘practical’ knives and guns in turn.
He grinned at the self-proclaimed genius. “And once more, you’ve outdone yourself,” he
complimented earnestly. “This certainly feels better than before. What kind of modifications
did you do this time?”
As he asked, he aimed carefully through the sights of his pistol while activating his Third
Eye. It was a technique that came in handy when he was fighting Servants in the real world.
He would have to practice more with it. Meanwhile, Morgana was giving his own cutlass
experimental swings, and judging from his grin, was just as happy.
Da Vinci’s smile became mischievous. “Do you remember when you sent back Fafnir’s fangs
back to Chaldea~?” she asked innocently.
Both Ren and Morgana froze, their mind immediately putting the pieces together. Both of
them stared at their weapons in shock. “Whoa,” Morgana gasped. “No way. You… you
actually incorporated Fafnir’s fangs into our weapons?! That’s… that’s ridiculous! Did you
just make us Noble Phantasms, Da Vinci?!”
The Caster immediately burst out laughing gleefully. “Oh, my, how flattering, my dear
gatto!” she cried. “No, no. These aren’t Noble Phantasms. While they’re powerful on their
own right now, they still lack the mystery and legend behind them to truly make them Noble
Phantasms. No, my ragazzo and gatto, these are still just mystic codes. But as you can tell,
they are far more powerful than most. At the Clock Tower, you would be offered enough
money for a hundred lifetimes for them.”
Ren gulped as he stared at the weapon in his grasp. It wasn’t like he was unused to holding
legendary weapons in his hands – after all, few could match the Paradise Lost knife he had
formed from executing Satananel and the Tyrant Pistol he had created by doing the same to
Lucifer. However, those were weapons bound and utilized within the Metaverse. In the real
world, while they still held a great amount of power, it was locked away until they were
brought once more into the cognitive world.
But this… this was different. The Chaldean weapons were made by Da Vinci with real world
materials, with materials that were beyond fantastical. Noble Phantasm or not, what they held

in their hand would be considered by anyone to be mythological weapons, worthy of a lot
more respect than just a weapon. And it was power that they were honestly wary of. It may
be just barely enough against Servants or mythological beings, but just what would it do to a
regular person…?
Suppressing the thought, Ren forced his usual carefree grin on his face. “Heh, well, it’s gonna
be useful regardless,” he commented lightly as he switched it back to its knife form and
began swinging it around to test it. He could practically feel the blade cutting through the air
with unnatural sharpness. It may be just his imagination, but with how mystery seemingly
combined both cognitive and reality together, it was extremely hard to say for certain. “Any
particular changes we should be aware of?”
Da Vinci sighed in disappointment. “Not as much as I’d like, sadly,” she lamented. “The
edges of your blades are sharper and keener, they’re more durable, and the shots – both the
normal and special shots – are more powerful overall. However, I couldn’t go too far. I
needed to leave good portions of it unmodified so that if there were other interesting
materials, I could do further work on them.”
Both Ren and Morgana whirled to Da Vinci. “More work?” Morgana echoed. “Hold up, you
mean to tell me you plan to do more?!”
The genius grinned broadly. “Si!” she answered, beaming. “The singularities are a crisis, but
they are also a treasure trove of mysteries and materials that even I, the Uomo Universale,
would be hard-pressed to find in the real world! It would be remiss of us not to exploit them
so that we may work towards fixing the problem overall! Geniuses always find solutions
within problems!”
The two Masters blinked at her, then could only shake their heads while smiling. “Can’t
argue on that front, Da Vinci,” Morgana replied. “Did you make something for Ritsu as
well?”
Da Vinci’s smile diminished a bit at the question. “Ah, no, I haven’t,” she replied. “Ritsu
hasn’t had any weapons or firearms training, fantastical or mundane, unlike the two of you. It
would not do for her to have a weapon where she might end up harming herself. She has been
given a standard issue knife for self-defense and security usage, but no more until further
notice.”
Ren considered, then nodded. Weapons were extremely dangerous in the wrong hands. The
Metaverse had given the Phantom Thieves prerequisite knowledge of how to utilize their
weapons, somehow, and before long, they had used the weapons so much it had become
muscle memory. Unfortunately, no such shortcuts existed for Ritsu. He agreed with Da
Vinci’s decision.
“Alright, if that’s all, we should probably get going,” Ren decided, sheathing the knife as
Morgana turned it into his slingshot form and put it away. He smiled gratefully and gave a
low bow. “Thank you so much, Da Vinci,” he said. “We’ll make good use of them. We
promise.”

Da Vinci grinned and waved. “Please do~! I wish to see the data for further improvements!”
she chirped. “But until then, ciao~!”
After the two left, the Caster sighed tiredly. Incorporating Fafnir’s fangs into their weapons
was hardly beyond her ability. If anything, she was amazed at how easy it was. But she didn’t
miss the expressions of pure shock from Ren and Morgana – and the signs of trepidation as
opposed to wonder or joy. Were they wary of the power they wielded? The two had briefed
her, Roman, and Mash about the Metaverse, but was fighting shadows truly that different
than fighting in the singularities?
Well, that was obviously the case, or they wouldn’t be having so many problems right now.
She remembered the two’s insistence on not killing. Da Vinci was many things – an idealist
and a dreamer, an inventor and a scholar, an artist and a mathematician, all beyond peer. But
even she kept her feet on reality.
And she knew what the two wished simply wasn’t possible. But unfortunately, some things
were beyond even her ken. And that included explaining such things to such admirably
strong-willed individuals. They would have to experience the reality for themselves – and
they could only hope they could keep them together when that happened.
They had to.
—------With that, they all gathered back in the command center once more. Roman had been waiting
for them with a smile. “Welcome back, you two!” he greeted them. “I take it Da Vinci
furnished your weapons?”
Morgana grinned and nodded. Ritsu’s eyes gleamed as she spun towards them. “Weapons?
From Da Vinci?!” she gasped. “Lemme see lemme see lemme SEEEE!”
Mash gave an exasperated sigh as she reached over to gently pull her back. “I don’t think
now is a good time, Ritsu-senpai,” she murmured. Ritsu blinked, then coughed into her hand
in embarrassment before giving an apologetic smile to the others and backing off. Ren
flashed a grateful smile to Mash, who returned a bashful one in turn.
Roman, meanwhile, was waiting for the fuss to die down. “Right, so now that we’re all here,”
he began, raising his voice so it carried easily to everyone in the room. “The next Singularity
is located once more in Europe – specifically, the Roman Empire.” He tapped out a few keys
on his work console and once more CHALDEAS whirled and became blue once more,
showing the continents before slowing down. A beeping dot on Italy indicated the location.
“The time period is the first century, in 60 AD under the reign of emperor Nero,” he
explained. “This was during the Roman Empire’s heyday where Rome was prospering – well,
more or less. You’ll be rayshifted close to Rome. Given its proximity, expect little to no
conflict near the rayshift coordinates. Though given our track record with both Fuyuki and
Orleans, take that forecast with a heavy grain of salt. Be ready for anything.”
He glanced over and saw Mash had her hand up. “Yes, Mash?” he asked.

“Are Servants present within the Singularity?” she asked. Roman nodded in confirmation. “Is
there perhaps a method we could use to distinguish friend or hostile Servants within our area?
It would certainly be good to have advance notification.”
Ren and Morgana nodded. Indeed, having Futaba scanning Mementos and revealing both the
layout of the floors and what kind of enemies were there had always been helpful. If they
could have something similar, it would save them a massive headache. A hope that was
quickly dashed by Roman sadly shaking his head.
“Unfortunately, Servants are too complex to identify off the cuff as friend or foe,” he replied
sympathetically. “Still, at least we can track incoming Servants, bar any with higher rank
Presence Concealment, and mark them down on Chaldea’s IFF as necessary. It’s not much
but it’s much better than nothing.”
“IFF?” Ritsu asked curiously.
“Identity Friend-or-Foe system,” Da Vinci supplied. “A fancy military term and system that
basically tracks whether someone is an ally or enemy. Quick categorization makes for quick
decisions in the heat of battle, after all, though of course it has its own caveats. Still, leave it
to Da Vinci-chan here to make sure it’s nice and accurate at all times~!”
Ren nodded in understanding before looking over at the gathered Servants. His gaze lingered
on Loki in particular, who was watching the happenings with a faintly amused expression on
their face. “Hey, Roman?” he asked, turning back. “I don’t suppose we can summon more
Servants before we go? We could definitely use the extra firepower and more options, just in
case.”
That request took Roman by surprise as Ren never really asked to do a summoning outright,
though he quickly recovered. “Unfortunately, it takes some time to gather the necessary
energy and stabilize it before we can summon yet more Servants,” he replied apologetically.
“If we do it too soon or too often, the summoning process becomes unstable and we end up
summoning all sorts of random things – most often mapo tofu, for some reason.”
“Mapo what now,” Morgana echoed flatly.
“Mapo tofu,” Ritsu jumped in. “It’s tofu made in this spicy sauce that-“
“I know what it is!” Morgana interjected irritably. “But – just – how do you summon mapo
tofu?! That makes no sense at all!”
Ritsu shrugged. “I gave up asking how anything worked here, honestly,” she replied casually.
“Less of a headache that way.” She then looked over at Roman. “I don’t suppose we can run
the summoning process then?” she asked hopefully. “I could use a snack before we go.”
“Ritsu-senpai…” Mash sighed exasperatedly.
Ren didn’t respond to the others as he looked back at CHALDEAS, his mind buzzing with
thoughts. An idea had formed in his mind. Akechi was here, after all, wasn’t he? It may be
Loki, but he could still see signs of Akechi there. It wasn’t precisely the same, but he could

see hints of him underneath Loki. It was an anomaly if what everyone says was true, but it
still happened.
So if Akechi was there… Why couldn’t the others as well? They had Personas that could
probably qualify for it. Seiten Taisei – or Son Goku – for Ryuji, Hecate for Ann, Susano’o for
Yusuke, and more. They were all powerful beings and would definitely contribute greatly to
their fighting force and utility if they were ever summoned, giving them a bit of an easier
time restoring humanity.
And he and Morgana could see their friends once more.
He shoved down his emotions. No. When they got to summoning, then he would consider it.
For now, it was better to focus on the mission at hand. He just needed to be patient. They had
Loki. The others will show up in due time. That was how it worked last time – no reason it
wouldn’t work this time.
“We’ve managed to get our generators running more efficiently,” Da Vinci called out. “And
with the new efficiency, we can now send four Servants out on the field! So please do pick
carefully who you’ll be going with!”
All three looked over at the collection of Servants. Eleven total, not including Mash and Joan.
All of them with their own talents, strengths, and weaknesses. They were entering an era of
relative peace. But then, that was what Orleans was supposed to be, and that was basically a
disaster with wyverns, monsters, zombies, and Servants all over the place butchering people.
They needed to make their choices carefully.
“Right, we’re gonna need someone for recon,” Morgana said. “Archer, Medusa, you guys are
up! The grassy fields should be really good for both scouting and mobility so we’ll be
counting on both of you!”
Archer smirked and Medusa barely nodded her head in acknowledgement. “As you will, my
Masters,” the latter murmured, her eyes concealed once more by the metallic blindfold. They
both stepped forward, ready for their orders.
Ritsu looked about, narrowing her eyes as she focused on which Servant she wanted to bring.
There were so many good choices here. But in the end, she nodded. “Tamamo – Caster,” she
called out. “What little I saw of your magecraft was amazing already. You got way too much
utility and probably a heck of a punch! Come on down!”
Tamamo giggled once more behind her sleeve. “Always nice to have an enthusiastic Master
who appreciates my abilities,” she chirped. She stepped forward and bowed. “Then as you
have called, so I shall perform,” she declared. “Caster Tamamo-no-Mae, at your service.
Let’s put these ruffians in their place.”
Morgana nodded in approval of Ritsu’s choice. “Good call,” he said. “Now, we need to have
a front liner. We got plenty to choose from, thankfully, so we should-“
“Loki.”

Everyone immediately looked at Ren at the immediate answer, including Loki, who raised
their eyebrow. “Master, I must disagree,” Artoria replied, frowning. “Loki is a loose variable.
We cannot predict their actions, nor would they be fitting for the front lines. They would be
nothing more than a liability. I ask you to reconsider.”
Loki gave an exaggerated wince. “Ouch, harsh words,” they remarked before settling back
into their sardonic grin.. “Not untrue though.”
“We already know what you, Siegfried, and Cu Chulainn are capable of,” Ren retorted. “We
don’t know what Loki is capable of. I have some ideas thanks to knowing their… host.” He
had to ground out the word. “It’s better to take them to the field and see what they can do.
With Tamamo, Medusa, and Archer keeping track of them, I doubt Loki can make much
mischief. It’s better we know now what Loki can do than have it cripple us at the last
moment.”
Artoria looked bemused by the argument and opened her mouth to retort before she was
interrupted by Loki herself laughing. “Well, I didn’t realize my company was quite so
wanted,” they said cheerfully. “If that’s the case, I’m happy to come along. I want to see for
myself what the deal with these Singularities are in the first place.”
Sauntering forward, they gave a low bow before standing back up, winking to Ren. “I’ll be in
your care, Master~” they murmured.
Girl or not, Akechi or not, it took Ren a considerable amount of restraint not to punch Loki.
A sound caught his attention and he glanced over to see Archer holding back Ritsu’s fist.
“Don’t,” he muttered, glaring at the Pseudo-Servant. “It’s not worth it.”
“Ren, are you sure about this?” Roman asked concernedly. A skepticism that was shared by
literally everyone in the room, staff and Servants included.
The Wild Card nodded confidently. “Yeah, I’m sure,” he replied.
There was a moment of silence, then Roman sighed. “Alright then,” he replied. “We’ll trust
your judgement. Everyone, to your stations!”
Ren nodded as everyone moved to their workstations and the group moved towards the
Coffins. They opened up and were awaiting to transport them to the new singularity.
Everyone stepped in and the doors closed… with the exception of Ritsu, who shivered and
hesitated as she stared at her open Coffin.
Mash, who was just about to enter, looked over. “Ritsu-senpai?” she asked worriedly.
“What’s wrong?”
Ritsu blinked in surprise before chuckling abashedly. “Oh, nothing,” she replied, trying to
shrug it off. “Just cold feet, I guess.” Her smile faded as she looked at the Coffin once more.
“It’s hard to believe I have to go in one of these again,” she murmured. “The last time I went
in, it was gonna be my literal coffin. I hyped myself up for it to try and get over being afraid
but… heh, no such luck.”

She chuckled again, this time a bit more bitterly. “Heh, here I am wussing out in front of my
idols and in front of you, Mash,” she muttered. “God, I’m definitely a sadsack right now.”
“That’s not true, Ritsu-senpai,” Mash quickly denied, walking forward and gently taking her
hand in both of her own. Mash had read that physical contact could help soothe a person’s
nerves, and decided to try it now. It seemed the right time for it. Roman and Da Vinci noticed
there was a hold-up, but decided not to rush them, instead quickly moving to the PA system
to notify the others within the Coffins.
Ritsu’s hand was warm to Mash’s touch, almost like her sheer vitality and energy converted
into heat. The redheaded girl blinked in surprise and turned a slight shade of red, but she
didn’t move her hand. “Ren-senpai and Mr. Morgana are scared too,” she reassured her. “But
they both trust you and have faith in you. If there were any doubts, they would’ve spoken up.
But they haven’t. I’m absolutely sure they will need you.”
The Master blinked again, her mouth hanging open slightly speechless. Then she giggled.
“My, when did you become such a smooth talker, Mash~?” she commented with a wry grin.
Mash immediately spluttered, her face becoming a deep shade of crimson at the compliment.
“I see Ren is being a good influence on you, and so is Morgana. As expected of the Phantom
Thieves, after all.
She looked back at her Coffin. “But you’re right,” she continued. “If they’re trusting me to
watch their back, then I better not disappoint them. Time to earn my keep here.” Then
deciding to see Mash flustered one more time, she quickly leaned in and gave a quick kiss on
the cheek. “Thanks for the pep talk, Mash. See you on the other side~!” she chirped out
before hopping into the Coffin and the doors closed.
Mash could only stare at the Coffin, holding her cheek in shock as her face turned even
redder. Suddenly, Roman’s voice came over the PA, causing the girl to jump in surprise.
“Ahem, um, whenever you’re ready, Mash,” he called over. Mash hurriedly nodded before
jumping into her own Coffin, the doors sealing. With that, the process began.

Unsummon Program start.
Spiritron Conversion start.
Rayshift starting in 3, 2, 1…
All procedures cleared.
Grand Order, commencing operation.
And with that, they knew no more.
—-----Second Singularity – AD 60, Eternal Madness Empire: Septem

Ren blinked as they came to once more. It was a bright, verdant meadow field they were
standing in once more, with the sun beaming down on them. It felt much like Orleans, but it
was also considerably warmer as well. Honestly, it was tempting to take off his Chaldean
uniform jacket, but that definitely wouldn’t be a good idea right now. He could, however,
hear distant crashing and roaring.
“Well, I wouldn't mind this for a vacation spot,” Ritsu remarked, looking around and
stretching. “Sun feels good, there’s a faint whiff of a sea breeze. Ah, this place is practically
paradise. Well, besides the noise – I could certainly file a complaint about that.”
Loki chuckled darkly. “You guys really are green, you know that?” they remarked, a bitter
smirk spread across their face. “You really think that’s just some common noise?”
Morgana turned to Loki with a glare. “You gonna be this irritatingly cryptic all the time,
Loki?” he snapped. “Why don’t you just tell us what the hell it is?”
“It is a battle.”
Everyone turned to Medusa, who was standing as still as a statue facing the source of the
noise. “The scent of blood is in the air, with the clash of swords and shields. Only a small
distance to the northwest.”
Ren’s eyes widened. The mood immediately shifted. “All Servants, get over there and help
out who you can!” he barked out. “Morgana, Ritsu, Mash, with me! Let’s go!” The Servants
nodded and bolted off towards the battle as Ren, Ritsu, and Morgana ran as fast as they were
able to after them. Before long, the Servants disappeared over a hill and out of sight, leaving
the others besides Mash huffing as they struggled to keep up.
“Masters, we have a problem,” came Archer’s voice through their mutual telepathic link.
Ren blinked in surprise as he continued running. He was fit thanks to his exercising – a
practice that came both from necessity as a Phantom Thief and simply spending time training
with Ryuji – though it seemed Ritsu could keep pace with them as well. One less worry for
them.
“What is it, Archer?” he asked over the link.
“There are two Roman legions fighting against each other,” the Servant responded. “One side
is utterly outnumbered, though they have a rather… flashy figure fighting with them. It is
difficult to tell who to support.”
Morgana blinked. “Well, that’s an issue,” he admitted. “Ren, can you get Roman on the line?”
Ren nodded and brought up his communicator and tapped it. The holographic Roman quickly
appeared. “Hey Roman,” he panted out. “We’re coming up on a nearby battle, but there are
two legions fighting each other – we don’t know who’s who.”

Through the holographic image, Roman blinked in surprise. “That shouldn’t be possible,” he
said. “According to our records, this era of Roman history should be peaceful. No civil wars
or anything should be going on.” He checked off screen for a second. “And according to the
coordinates, you’re far too close to Rome for any foreign invaders. Just who-“
“Didn’t you say the same thing about Orleans, doctor?!” Morgana snapped as he continued
running. Unlike in the Metaverse, running did drain stamina, and as fit as they all were, even
he was starting to run out of breath.
“Senpai, Mr. Morgana, we’re almost to the destination,” Mash pointed out. Unlike the others,
she wasn’t even tired despite hauling her huge shield. “We will be able to get a visual of the
battle. Roman, we’ll need identification once we’re on site.”
Roman blinked. “Er, right,” he stammered. “Leave it to me.”
As they crested over the hill, their eyes widened at the sight. As Archer said, two Roman
legions were clashing against one another, and as he said, one side was clearly outnumbering
the other and pushing them back. The Servants were watching impassively (or other means of
observation in Medusa’s case), reading the flow of battle before rushing in.
The Masters and Mash all took in the details. One side, bearing purple banners emblazoned
with a gold tree and wreath, had five divisions of troops, two out in force while three were
maneuvering around to flank their enemy. The other, carrying banners of red and gold,
marked ‘SPQR’ and adorned with a rose ringed by a wreath, only had two divisions, both of
them fighting hard against the enemy.
However, there was one more marked difference between the two factions. The smaller
faction had a figure in golden armor racing to and fro, as opposed to the more static Roman
armies remaining clashing with one another. Their red sword danced and spun like a flame,
cleaving through the front lines of the opposing soldiers before dashing away to some other
point.
Roman stared through the screen, slack-jawed. “What the- this shouldn’t-“ he stammered.
Then he cleared his throat. “Right, I’ll pull what information I can and see which side to
support. Banners would be a good place to go with. The red banners are more proper Roman
flags but purple is the color of Roman emperors so it could be the Praetorian Guard. But
then-“
As Roman mumbled on trying to figure out solutions, Ren could only watch as the battle
happened before him. He thought he was used to death after seeing all those bodies in
Orleans, but seeing people getting cut down in front of him was another thing entirely.
Swords flashing out and crashing against shields as soldiers pushed and struggled against
each other, blades seeking their marks and piercing their sides or necks, resulting in blood
cascading onto the grass below.
He didn’t want to see such a sight anymore. This needed to end. Now.
His eyes became blood red once more as he activated his Third Eye. Immediately his
surroundings became darker as they lost their relevance in his perspective. Immediately,

everyone became highlighted in a colored aura. Morgana, Ritsu, Mash, and the Servants all
around them began glowing a bright blue.
Ren focused on the conflicting armies, blinking once or twice to adjust to the overwhelming
brightness of the massed auras. As his eyes adjusted, however, it quickly became clear which
side were allies and which side were enemies. He blinked again as his eyes went back to
normal. “The ones with the red banners!” he barked out. “They’re our allies! Everyone, go!”
His orders caught everyone by surprise. Roman could only splutter a response and barely got
a confirmation out before Ren shut off his communicator. Archer had already summoned his
bow and was drawing back a spiral sword arrow, taking a moment before firing. It raced
across the air like a comet before impacting the middle of the enemy formation, erupting in a
gigantic explosion that consumed a great portion of soldiers.
Screams of fear and pain rang through the air, causing the Masters’ stomachs to plummet.
But they couldn’t stop. Not here, not now.
“All forces, pull back!” came a new voice. Ren looked over to see the figure with golden
armor waving her sword, dashing and roaring. “Withdraw and regroup! We have
reinforcements! Pull back!” The figure turned to look at them. For a second, the gazes of Ren
and the figure in golden armor met. A mutual understanding seemed to pass between the both
of them before the latter turned away, continuing their commands.
A hail of arrows came in retaliation, threatening to skewer them. Mash immediately raced
forward as Ren pulled Ritsu towards him, Morgana quickly joining Ren as they all took
shelter underneath the shielder’s protection. Medusa’s blades whipped in the air in a flurry of
steel as their chains rattled, shattering a great amount of the arrows while the remainder
clanked harmlessly against the shield.
Archer had deflected his own barrage with Kanshou and Byakuya before resuming raining
down arrows while Tamamo summoned a floating round mirror and deflected the arrows with
a barrier from said mirror, before throwing talismans among the army. The front line was
immediately blasted away by hurricane winds, scattering screaming soldiers everywhere.
Joan had charged in, sword and banner in hand, and collided into the lines of legionnaires.
And Loki…
Loki was missing.
Suddenly, the enemy army began screaming in fear and confusion. As Mash lowered her
shield, Ren narrowed his eyes as he tried to see why – and his eyes widened when he found
the reason. Loki was among the enemy forces, changed into that black outfit they initially
wore – Akechi’s Metaverse outfit. But that wasn’t what caught their attention.
Their serrated blade was buried in the chest of what appeared to be a commander. Laughing
madly, Loki withdrew their sword, the commander’s blood spraying out everywhere as they
leaped among the soldiers, hacking away in a frenzy.
Morgana could only watch with wide, shocked eyes. “What… what is Loki doing?!” he
gasped.

“Sowing discord and confusion into the enemy ranks, it seems,” Archer commented. He had
withheld his fire as he observed Loki. “Fitting for a being like them. At least they’re useful.”
Drawing his bow once more, he fired another volley of arrows into the further wing of the
enemy forces, well away from Loki to prevent friendly fire.
Ren could only watch as Loki tore into the enemy soldiers. Their vicious fighting style
reminded him so much of when Akechi fought alongside the Phantom Thieves in Maruki’s
Palace… and when he was facing that very same blade when they fought back on Shido’s
Ark. It was a harrowing battle as he struggled to match the insane swings of the fallen
Detective Prince.
“Ren-Senpai!”
The Master blinked in surprise as Mash charged in front of him, swinging her shield and
smashing back several soldiers that had charged up the hill towards them. “Thanks Mash!” he
called out gratefully. This wasn’t the time to lose track of things. He needed his head in the
game. He pulled out his gun and pointed at the fray… and hesitated. Beside him, Morgana
already had his slingshot out as well but had yet to fire a shot.
These weren’t monsters they were aiming at. These were…
“Masters, please stand back,” Medusa murmured, standing beside Mash with her chains
bladed chains out. “We shall keep you safe.”
Ren and Morgana couldn’t respond as they processed their realization. Luckily, Ritsu filled
their silence. “Thanks, Rider,” she replied with a sigh of relief. “Though going back into
history is cool and all, getting skewered on a gladius is not on my to-do list.” She looked
around at the Servants tearing through the enemy Roman army. “But jeez, you guys really are
going to town on them,” she muttered.
It wasn’t long before the enemy forces were in a complete rout. Bombarded by Archer’s
arrows and Caster’s spells, their front lines crumpling under Joan’s wrath, and with Loki
constantly disappearing and reappearing murdering their commanders and causing chaos,
there was no chance they could continue their assault or even mount a counterattack. The
disciplined Roman army broke ranks and fled, screaming, swarmed by more arrows from
Archer to keep them running.
“The enemy will not return,” Medusa commented quietly as she stood back up from her
stance, the blades and chains vanishing from her hands.
“Yeah,” Ren nodded, trying to regain his composure. “Thanks, Rider.” There was a barely
perceptible nod of acknowledgement back. He had to wonder – was Medusa trying to prevent
them from killing if they didn’t have to? Ritsu didn’t notice, but she had stood in the way of
their weapons so they couldn’t open fire. He doubted that was a coincidence.
Before he could ask, their Servants returned, looking none the worse for wear. Loki shifted
back to their regular suit, stretching. “That was a nice warmup,” they said casually with their
usual sardonic smirk. Nobody deigned to give them a response, not that they seemed to mind.

Their attention was drawn as three figures came up towards them – the person in golden
armor flanked by two Roman soldiers. The Servants didn’t summon their weapons but all of
them straightened up as they approached, ready for anything. Mash in particular drew closer
to Ren as she gripped her shield more tightly while Joan drew La Pucelle once more in
preparation. If the three noticed the tension among Chaldea, it didn’t cause them to hesitate.
Standing a small distance away, the one in golden armor reached up and took off their
helmet, revealing a young woman with her blonde hair in a bun and striking green eyes.
“Umu, well met!” she cried, smiling brightly at the group. “We didn’t call for reinforcements
but your assistance is most welcome. Please, speak – I would hear the identity of our
saviors.”
Everyone blinked in surprise, but Ren decided to speak up. “We are from the Chaldea
Security Organization, here to help restore the timeline to its proper order. I’m Ren
Amamiya, a Master. These are my fellow Masters, Morgana and Ritsuka.” He indicated to
each of them. “It’s an honor to meet you. I didn’t expect such a powerful warrior to be a
beautiful woman like yourself.”
The young woman laughed. “Ah, so you recognize my beauty upon first glance!” she replied
cheerfully. “I thank you for your praise. It means all the more coming from one who seems as
capable as you are! Your tale seems a bit wild, I must admit, but I will allow it! It would
certainly help explain your extraordinary abilities and odd attire. Ah, but I forget my
manners.”
She smiled brightly as she drew herself up. “I am Emperor Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus
Germanicus!” she declared. “You may call me Emperor Nero!”
There was a moment of silence as Chaldea digested the information. Then“Nero’s a girl?!?” Ritsu yelled. Morgana buried his face in his paws and Ren pinched the
bridge of his nose.
It was going to be one of those days.

Chapter End Notes

Once more, Discord here:
https://discord.gg/HEdWHfzv

Chapter 44: Nero
Chapter Summary

Not all that glitters is gold.

Chapter Notes

TATGO a TV Tropes page. Contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The girl – Emperor Nero – blinked at Ritsu’s exclamation. “Ah, it must surprise you, to see a
woman as an emperor. Never fear – I am more than beautiful and grand enough for the title! I
understand your admiration!” So saying, she puffed out her chest, the sunlight catching on
her armor and glinting off in a dazzling shine that was honestly bewildering. Ren and
Morgana winced. They never met anyone so… self-focused before. Even Shido seemed
humble in comparison.
“Imperator, isn’t more caution warranted?” asked one of her bodyguards, eyeing the others
wearily. “There is a considerable possibility they were spies planted with the invasion force,
especially considering their proximity to Rome.” A fair assessment from the soldier, but
before anyone could speak, Nero once more replied.
“Spies? What nonsense,” she scoffed. “No spy would fight so ardently for our side. And with
the powers they wield, why would they be spies? They would’ve been far better served
fighting alongside their legions rather than acting as spies. No, they are not spies, and I have
decreed it!” The guard’s mouth struggled to work, then simply turned towards facing them
once more, resigned.
Ren, however, had noticed something. Nero seemed to be a person that was much larger than
life based on first impressions and easy to trust. However, her expression when explaining
herself to the guard was something other than confidence. Perhaps it was his imagination, but
it certainly seemed off with her expression. He couldn’t put his finger on it though.
His ruminations were interrupted as Nero whirled about, facing them once more with her
hands on her hips. “Umu! We welcome you to our ranks, friends from Chaldea!” she cried.
“By my decree, all of you are auxiliaries under my banner! Please, come! I must see to my
men and make introductions! With me, auxiliaries!”

With that, she turned away, strutting off as the two soldiers followed her, leaving the
nonplussed group behind. Ren turned his communicator back on. “Auxiliaries?” he asked
curiously.
“The Roman legions didn’t rely solely on their own troops – their territory was far too vast
for that,” Da Vinci supplied, her head popping into frame beside the surprised doctor. “Hence
auxiliaries! Typically made up of non-Roman citizens, they volunteered into the armies for
citizenship and employment and eventually grew to match proper Roman legions! In short, as
you can tell, you’re basically officially part of Nero’s forces~!”
Ren blinked in surprise. “You know a surprising amount about Roman history,” he
commented.
The inventor giggled in response. “I do make it a point to research, especially for
Singularities~” she chirped. “A genius like me should always be learning, after all. Especially
in such dangerous environments.”
“So does that mean you can take over for me for a bit?” Roman asked, smiling weakly.
“Is this because you need rest, doctor, or because Magi☆Mari is on?” Da Vinci asked in turn,
her smile turning from as cheerful as sunshine to past Antarctic in frigidity. Roman could
only laugh weakly in turn as he leaned away from the annoyed Caster.
Ren couldn’t help but feel a bit sorry for the doctor as he withered under Da Vinci’s glare and
decided to intervene. “I mean, watching Magi☆Mari can count as a form of rest, Da Vinci,”
he cut in. “Cut Roman some slack here. He’s been doing a good job.” Besides, it was rare for
someone who appreciated his coffee to be truly a bad person – Akechi notwithstanding.
The Caster blinked, then sighed wearily. “True, he has been working far more than is actually
good for him,” she admitted, running a hand through her immaculate, brown hair. “Roman,
take some time off and rest. I can handle mission control for a bit. You certainly deserve it
with all the all-nighters you’ve been pulling.”
Roman blinked in surprise, then began crying tears of joy. “Ren! You truly understand me!”
he exclaimed as he turned back to the screen. “Thank you for your kindness! Thank you
thank you thank you!” Then he froze as he suddenly got a finger pointed right at his forehead,
forcing his eyes to go cross-eyed to keep it in view.
“How-e-ver-“ Da Vinci continued, emphasizing each syllable. “While watching Magi☆Mari
is fine, if I hear you sacrificed what precious little sleep you get to watch her, I will
personally block her from all of Chaldea’s systems, as well as induce sleep until you are
reasonably rested. Am I clear on this, Doctor Romani Archaman?” Roman could only nod
fearfully, unable to say a word.
Da Vinci’s smile softened. “Good,” she replied, withdrawing her finger. “Now get some rest,
Roman. You have more than earned it.” Roman relaxed, sighed once more, and nodded. He
got up and shuffled off, leaving Da Vinci to take the seat – before she turned around. “And no
more coffee!” she called out. An off-screen groan could be heard through the speakers.

She faced her audience once more. “Well, I’ll be keeping an eye out from here,” she
reassured them. “Nero IS the rightful emperor of this time period, so it’s probably a good idea
to help her out. But if you need anything else, I’ll be right here. Til then, ciao~!” With that,
the communication ended.
Ren just stared at where the screen disappeared before slowly lowering his communicator.
“You alright there, Joker?” Morgana asked worriedly.
He shook his head. “Just… wondering for the millionth time just what is my life,” he
admitted.
“Really, you ought to be used to that by now. Or better yet, roll with it. It worked out
relatively well for me.”
And the sound of the voice, Ren turned – and recoiled at the sight of Loki casually standing
there. Their helmet was off, revealing their feminine yet eerily familiar features, and they
were splattered all over with blood as they casually inspected their claws. “Honestly, given
everything that’s been going on, strangeness is the new normal from what I can tell,” they
commented casually.
“Do you have to show up covered head-to-toe in blood?!” Morgana snapped, glaring at Loki
in equal parts anger and horror. “You look and act like some sort of serial killer! At least
clean yourself up!”
Loki rolled their eyes. Their figure blurred as they changed back to their regular suit with all
trace of bloodstains gone. “Leave it to a cat to be concerned about hygiene,” they muttered.
“Should I slap a talisman over their mouth?” Caster asked, walking up and glaring at the
Avenger. “It would silence them for a good, long while. Perhaps permanently, if you allow
me.” Her glare carried no small amount of venom towards Loki, who merely resumed
inspecting their (gloved) hand.
“I had my mouth sewn shut by dwarves who had forged weapons for the gods,” they replied,
unfazed as they fixed an amused glance at Tamamo. “What is that little piece of paper you
have going to do to stop me?”
As Morgana and Tamamo continued to spit venom at Loki, Ren looked over to see Ritsu
looking dazed. “Hey, Ritsu,” he called over, concerned. “You okay? Did you get hit?”
Ritsu blinked as Ren’s words caught her attention. She smiled – but Ren could immediately
tell it was a forced one. “Oh yeah, just fine,” she replied cheerily. “Just, uh, wasn’t expecting
things to be so… hectic, especially now that the adrenaline’s wearing off. I mean, whew, we,
uh, almost died, didn’t we? Swords and arrows are a lot scarier and less cool when they’re
aimed right at you. Aha… haha… ha…”
She took a shaky breath as the tremors in her body stilled. Then she faced Ren once more
with a bright smile. “Come on, the emperor’s waiting for us! It’s not every day we get to be
introduced by one!” Before Ren could respond, she ran off after Nero, Medusa and Joan
silently following her like wraiths in the bright sun as Archer maintained a silent vigil.

Ren could only watch Ritsu leave and heard Morgana and Tamamo bicker even more with
Loki. Mash looked between everyone worriedly, unable to figure out where to turn her
attention to first. He sighed deeply.
The Singularity was off to a great start already.
—------Introductions could’ve gone more smoothly. Nero had paraded them out in front and
announced who they were and they were new auxiliaries. The soldiers grumbled and stared at
them suspiciously but otherwise said nothing to object. It was hard to defy their own emperor
after all, and especially someone with the bluster of Nero.
Once that was done, however, multiple soldiers marched up, reporting. Nero’s bright smile
melted away, her expression growing serious as she listened to their report. Ren and Morgana
stayed close to eavesdrop while Ritsu ogled over the Roman armor and Mash stayed close,
trying to rein her in (unsuccessfully).
“Casualties?” Nero asked shortly.
“About two hundred dead, Imperator,” one of the soldiers replied. “Another hundred injured.
We’re still uncertain as to how many will live through their injuries.”
“What of our medical supplies?” Nero asked in turn.
“Barely enough,” another soldier answered, grimacing. “The stores of herbs are running low,
and we still have been unable to reestablish trade routes.”
“Scouts are also reporting in, Imperator,” a commander reported – or what looked like a
commander, given the fancier designs on his armor. “Rome was not the only place they
struck. They secured the southern docks as well as the city of Florence. It seems the enemy
forces have secured control of the sea.”
The Emperor scowled as she rubbed the bridge of her nose. “Scavenge what you can from the
enemy forces,” she ordered. “After that, regroup and we’ll fall back to Rome.” The soldiers
and commander saluted, standing to attention with fists over their hearts, before marching off
to carry out Nero’s commands.
Ren could only blink in surprise. The young woman in front of him was far different from the
girl who had greeted them so cheerfully earlier. The stress in her face was clearly evident
now as opposed to the hints he saw before. Her green eyes stared out at the blood-soaked
battlefield before sighing. “Everything okay, Emperor Nero?”
Nero blinked in surprise before spinning back to Ren, a bright smile once more on her face.
“Not to worry, Auxiliary Ren!” she declared. “It’s only a small setback! We will recover
quickly in time for the next confrontation! And together, we shall restore the glory that is the
Roman Empire!” Past Nero, Ren could see some of the soldiers look over at Nero at the end
of that sentence. On their faces was some hope, some sadness, but mostly resignation.

“Now come!” she cried. “We return to the glorious city of Rome! Its beauty is hampered only
by one aspect – it’s absence of me, the Emperor of Roses! Let us go!” With that, she strutted
off, her soldiers once more flanking her as she marched through. The working soldiers
immediately parted to allow the boastful emperor through, though Ren couldn’t help but
notice her glancing to either side with some sadness.
“Jeez, she seems awfully full of herself,” Morgana murmured, loud enough only for those
around him to hear.
“Yeah, I didn’t expect Nero to be like… well, that,” Ritsu agreed, raising an eyebrow at the
retreating figure, her golden armor still gleaming visibly.
“I don’t think I was half as irritating as her back in Orleans,” Joan grumbled. She shot a glare
at some nervous soldiers who immediately broke eye contact and scurried off to hurry to their
tasks before she looked back with a huff.
Mash smiled nervously to the Lancer. “Well, you did disturb us in some other ways,” she
stuttered. “But, um, Nero isn’t all that irritating. Perhaps she’s a little… much?”
“If that’s ‘much’, then everyone else must be as empty as this field,” the Lancer grumbled
before stalking off. The Masters all looked at each other and shrugged. At least she didn’t
seem intent on doing harm – she was just grumpy overall.
“Still,” Loki commented casually from right behind them, causing the small group to jump.
“She does have a familiar expression on her face when she was talking to us.”
“What do you mean by that?” Ritsu asked, narrowing her eyes with trepidation.
The trickster god gave their signature sardonic grin. “Is it not obvious?” they asked, looking
at Ren. “It’s the same smile you plaster on day in, day out. A rather brilliant smile in its
complexity and purpose, don’t you think, Master?”
Ren froze as everyone turned to look towards him, their expressions questioning. He
swallowed hard. “We should follow the Emperor,” he said, his throat feeling utterly dry. “We
have a lot to talk about.” Before anyone could respond, he marched after Nero, ignoring the
looks from soldiers as he passed by.
All he was aware of was Loki’s amused red eyes staring at Ren’s back.
—-------Rome was surprisingly a short distance away – a few hours trek on foot. The sun had only
started to set when they reached the city. Ritsu had been bouncing, obviously eager to see the
glory of Rome, but as they approached, it was clear the city had seen better days. Around the
city was a makeshift wall made of dirt, stakes, and rubble. There were buildings that were
clearly dismantled, with the streets empty aside from marching soldiers and occasional
citizens scurried about.

The Chaldean group (aside from Loki) looked at each other, wondering how to broach the
topic. Even the least observant person could tell that Rome wasn’t nearly as glorious as
history – or Nero – was making it out to be. Nero, however, glanced behind her and noticed
their reactions. “Ah, I see Rome hasn’t captured your hearts and minds,” she quickly deduced
with a smile. “It is but a temporary lapse. Once we are victorious, Rome shall quickly be
restored to its former glory!”
The soldiers who were marching with them – an escort company, with the majority still
scavenging and reorganizing on the field – all had mixed reactions. Some of them nodded
confidently, some of them kept stoic expressions, others couldn’t help but sigh tiredly. Ren
glanced about at the buildings once more.
Questions after questions formed. How long had Nero and her forces been fighting? What
they had been fighting?
“Er, Emperor Nero?” Morgana piped up. “How long have you and your forces been fighting?
And… who ARE you fighting anyway? Is it a civil war?”
Nero froze for a second, as did the soldiers around them. Then she recovered her usual
bluster, grinning. “Nothing more nor less than the enemies of Rome itself!” she declared
proudly. “They may carry Roman symbols and wear Roman armor and use similar tactics,
but they are not part of the empire in the slightest! They are nothing more than lackluster
vagabonds that we shall throw off and show they are nothing but mere pretenders!”
Ren and Morgana both frowned. That told them absolutely nothing whatsoever. “And how
long have you guys been fighting?” Ren asked carefully. “How strong are they?”
The emperor huffed. “Considerably powerful but nothing beyond our ability to handle,” she
replied. “We have been fighting for the better part of a year now, but each and every time we
have shrugged off their forces! It is simply a matter of regaining our momentum and striking
back!”
That still didn’t convince him for a second. “But-“ Ren was about to ask again.
Nero whirled on Ren and stopped with a serious expression, one he had only seen when she
had been talking to her troops earlier. “I will answer what questions you have, Ren Amamiya,
but not here,” she murmured. “The truths of a war should not be spoken in a place of relative
peace for everyone to hear. Come. Once you have rested for the evening, I shall answer all
your questions and we can plan in earnest what we must do.”
Ren closed his mouth in surprise, more from Nero’s change in expression and tone than her
words. Though he had his suspicions, that confirmed it – the smile and confidence she wore
was like the golden armor she wore, to show off strength, confidence, and reassurance to
herself and her allies. But just for a bit, her mask slipped. It was an all-too-familiar act that he
himself had to perform, for the sake of himself and everyone around him.
Once more, he could feel Loki’s smirk and eyes burning into him. He didn’t dare turn to face
them.

As they moved through the streets, Nero looked over to Morgana and smiled. She nodded
towards him to indicate she wanted to talk with him. Morgana approached apprehensively.
“What is it?” he asked warily.
“You don’t happen to be a magnificent creation of a fan of mine are you?” she murmured, her
eyes glittering with excitement.
That question caught Morgana flat-footed. “I- what?!” he cried, blinking in surprise. “What
kind of question is that?!”
The emperor grinned. “Your voice resembles mind flawlessly!” she replied brightly. “Either
that or you were gifted by the gods to carry my voice as well! Either way, you are truly a
creature of magnificence and it must not be understated!”
Morgana blinked rapidly in surprise before catching Ren and Ritsu – and both of them were
looking between him and Nero. “You know, I can hear it too now that she mentions it,” Ritsu
slowly commented.
Ren nodded, a grin slowly spreading on his face. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Really, Morgana, to
have the same voice as an emperor. It must be a huge compliment to you.”
“Er, no – I mean yes!” he spluttered when Nero turned her gaze back on him. “But I’m, er,
it’s gotta be a coincidence, I mean, there’s no way that’s, uh- Help me out here!”
Nero grinned as she scooped up Morgana. “Such a magnificent creature bearing my voice has
come as my ally!” she declared. “Surely it’s a good omen! Come! We must celebrate this
joyous occasion!” With that, she marched off with Morgana in her arms as the catlike being
roared in protest.
Ren and Ritsu looked at each other. “Does she know black cats are normally bad luck?” Ritsu
asked curiously.
The Phantom Thief shrugged. “I won’t tell her if you won’t,” he replied casually.
—------The Emperor’s palace was quite decadent – a gigantic building sitting in the heart of Rome,
with soaring columns and architecture. Much of it was intricately carved, lined with exotic
marble with statues lining the halls. It was ‘only’ two stories, but it covered such a vast
swathe of land in Rome that honestly, that didn’t matter much. Plus the ceilings were
ponderously high, giving a further feel to the vastness and size of the place. Their footsteps
even echoed throughout the halls and rooms, to the Masters’ and Mash’s amazement.
However, Ren and Morgana quickly noticed that despite the sheer decadence of the palace, it
was in worse condition than they had expected. There were only a few soldiers guarding the
place, and they worked with what few staff remaining to maintain the place, seemingly,
cleaning to tidying or helping with some other small chores. Indeed, many of the braziers and
torches remained unlit despite the setting sun, lending a surprisingly forsaken air to the
residence of someone like Nero.

They were shown to their guest rooms. As expected of an Emperor of Rome, there were more
than enough rooms to accommodate all of them - save the Servants, but all of them, even
Loki, denied any accommodations. Joan was about to deny them as well but was overridden
by Ritsu.
“Nuh uh, you’re an incarnated Servant,” she snapped, her finger right between Joan’s eyes.
“You eat, sleep, and breathe like a person at this point, not a ghost liner. You get a room, end
of story!”
“Umu!” Nero affirmed with a nod of agreement. “The others may not require my hospitality,
but I must ask you do not insult me further when you do need a place of relaxation! This
place shall be your home until you set out, and I insist you use it!”
The Lancer Servant looked helplessly between the two girls before glancing over at Ren.
“Can you give me even a bit of help here?!” she snapped.
Ren gave a resigned smile as Morgana chuckled. “Do you really think I can do anything
about them?” he asked helplessly as he crossed his arms. “Honestly, you might as well just
accept it, Joan – you’re getting some of the best rooms in ancient Rome and they’re not
taking no for an answer.”
Joan’s eyes widened in rage before turning back to the two girls – and saw their intense eyes
boring into her, matching her rage with their insistence. Finally, she groaned in frustration.
“Damnit!” she roared before sulkily following the others, both Nero and Ritsu smirking.
The bedrooms themselves were decadent as well – large rooms with balconies facing outside
so they could see the Italian countryside without issue. A single queen sized bed lined with
pure, embroidered white fabrics and covers. Carefully carved furniture with bowls of fresh
fruits laid out. Couches set up for anyone to lay down and recline. It was indeed the height of
luxury.
The Masters’ jaws dropped once more. “Um… th-thank you for your kindness, Emperor,”
Ritsu stammered, taken aback. “Er, pardon my – or our shock,” she added after glancing at
Ren and Morgana. “This is our first time in such, uh, comfort.”
Nero grinned and stood straighter. “Ha, were we not at war, I would’ve shown you true
imperial hospitality,” she cried. “Nevertheless, I thank you for your praise! If there is
anything you require from me, name it! I shall do my utmost to fulfill it, auxiliaries!”
Ren thought about it for a second. Then he remembered one small thing about Roman
culture. “Do you have baths?” he asked. Romans had bathhouses and honestly, it sounded
like a luxury he needed right about now. Chaldea’s showers were fine but compared to the
bathhouse that used to be in front of LeBlanc, it just didn’t feel quite as relaxing.
The emperor blinked in surprise, then grinned. “Of course!” she declared. “As a lover of
baths myself, I even had one installed in the Palace! Do you wish to go now? I shall show
you!”

The Master shook his head. “Maybe later tonight,” he replied with a relieved grin. “But I’ll
definitely take advantage of it. My greatest thanks, emperor Nero.” At the gratitude, Nero
could only puff herself even greater in pride.
Mash blinked at the mention of a bath. Public baths were a common thing in history but
experiencing one was a different story. She wondered if she could take one… then she
glanced over at Ren who looked enthusiastic at the idea and immediately shook her head,
turning as red as a cherry. No. No! There was no way she could join him in a bath! It
wouldn’t be proper! Perhaps another time would be ideal!
Behind her, however, Caster looked between the two, a smile curling the corners of her lips.
Oh? This was certainly interesting. She had only been recently summoned but aside from
Loki, she had been keeping tabs on her Masters. They were good children. Ren in particular.
In another life, she might have considered him a husband. However, even she could see that
on his shoulders rested weights that even Servants would find too heavy to bear.
The blush on Mash’s cheeks, however… she was meant to protect the Masters. However,
perhaps she could help shoulder that weight. All she needed was a little push.
Loki in the meantime was perched up on one of the ledges, sitting up against a pillar and
observing everything with an amused smirk. Well, things are certainly far more interesting
than they ever expected even at first glance.
“I hope you are not planning on causing trouble, Loki.”
They casually glanced over at Archer who stood nearby. Though he seemed relatively
relaxed, they knew that he would summon his twin blades within a split second should they
so much as blink wrong. A fate Loki was honestly unconcerned with as they languidly turned
their gaze back on their Masters. “Now why would I do something like that?” they remarked.
“They seem in plenty of trouble as is. I hardly need to contribute.”
Archer narrowed his eyes at the Avenger. “What are you planning, Loki?” he asked bluntly.
Loki let out a bark of laughter, quickly putting a fist in front of his mouth to mute themself.
“Of course, Archer, I’ll gladly tell you all my plans,” they replied, their tone laden with
amused sarcasm. “All you had to do was ask nicely. Wasn’t so hard, was it?” Loki noted
Archer’s hands tightening, ready to summon his blades any second. Really, he was easier to
provoke than they expected.
They relaxed more against the pillar. “I believe I made myself already clear, Archer,” they
replied. “I only wish to be entertained. A few prods here and there are the most you’ll expect
from me. Otherwise, I’m content to play my role as an obedient little Servant – go there, fight
that, butcher those enemies, you get the picture.”
“And why should I believe you?” Archer asked sharply. “You haven’t exactly proven
yourself trustworthy.”
The Avenger once more laughed, looking back up at Archer. “Well, that’s the stickler now,
isn’t it?” they asked rhetorically before turning his gaze back once more.

The red-mantled hero glared down at the smirking Avenger, then sighed. “Do as you wish
then,” he growled. “Our Master trusts you. Do not betray that trust.”
Once more, Loki chuckled as Archer vanished into spirit form with a shower of golden dust.
Oh, their Masters were many things. Trustful, cunning, intelligent, brave, afraid, kind, and
many more. And they were foolish. Oh, so very foolish.
Ah, what a boundless fount of entertainment Chaldea was already.
—------Dinner had been a surprisingly low-key affair – some bread and cheese with some fruits.
Nero had profusely apologized for the rather meagre fare. Much of the food stores had been
rationed out to the soldiers and remaining citizens of Rome. Even their beloved emperor had
been eating no better than them at this point. However, Nero didn’t seem to be too down
about it, more worried about Chaldea than her own diet.
“While an emperor normally dines on the rarest of delicacies and the finest cuisines, they
must also be more than prepared for lean times,” Nero declared. “Not to worry! Even with
these paltry dishes, I will still be glorious as always!” Ren could only shake his head at that.
Honestly, he couldn’t tell if Nero was confident, arrogant, or just outright delusional.
Probably some combination thereof.
Later on, Ren decided to take Nero’s offer of a bath. Asking the guard standing outside his
door, he was led down multiple halls and upstairs to the bath on the third floor. Ren stepped
into the bath chamber and blinked. It was huge and spacious – about the size of Shujin’s gym.
The floors were marble, with statues on each side of the bath itself. A wide-open balcony
facing the countryside made up an entire wall of the chamber with furniture for relaxation
and reclining.
The bath itself was no slouch either. It was the size of a swimming pool with a statue right in
the middle, fountaining steaming hot water into the bath. It was lined with carefully carved
stone, with steps that gradually got deeper, with the deepest level being at the fountain itself
where one could submerge their head if they were standing.
However, that wasn’t what caught his attention. Partitions were erected within the bath itself.
They looked incredibly makeshift, clashing horribly with the lavish décor of literally
everything else. The statue had holes that looked like they were supposed to all pour water,
but only a quarter of the bath was filled. The rest was bone-dry.
Ren frowned. Definitely an odd design choice. Was this part of the singularity’s
consequences? Discarding the thought, he decided to just focus on the bath for now. He
looked about. There didn’t look to be anything where he could rinse off his body first before
he entered. He was uncomfortable with the thought of not rinsing before entering the bath,
but it couldn’t be helped.
Sighing, he took off his clothes, putting them on a nearby table beside the bath. He shivered
slightly as his skin met the open air. Though it was a warm evening, a cool breeze from the
balcony still raised goosebumps on his exposed skin. He stepped into the water and winced.

Ryuji would definitely be cursing at the temperature. The water was hotter than he expected.
He lowered himself slowly and carefully into the water, bearing with the temperature as best
as he could. Finally, he submerged up to his shoulders and sighed in relaxation, feeling all his
muscles loosening up.
This feeling was nostalgic. He hadn’t had a bath like this in a while now. The last time was
over at LeBlanc before he made his way back to his hometown. He washed up for the
morning before taking the train back. That was… a bit more than a month ago now.
He blinked as he thought about it. Had it really been only that short a time since he came
home from Tokyo? It felt like a lifetime ago now. Even before he came to Chaldea, he had
trouble believing everything that happened over the past year. Sure, he still had his friends
and Morgana always proving it happened, but… it felt like something from a dream. Or a
nightmare. It was hard to tell which was which.
And now he was at Chaldea, trapped in a situation that honestly made last year’s adventures
look like a child’s playground in comparison. It certainly boggled his imagination. Once
everything was resolved, would his friends ever believe him? Would he even believe it once
he left Chaldea? That was going to be a hard question to answer. No doubt the others would
want to know about Chaldea too. What would he tell them? What could he tell them?
Ren sighed, relaxing further into the water. As he ruminated over countless thoughts, he
didn’t notice a second presence entering his vicinity. The water cascading down from the
fountain concealed the sound of them entering the water as well. “Are you enjoying the bath,
my guest?”
He nodded absentmindedly. “Yeah, it’s wonderful,” he sighed. “Haven’t had one in a while so
this feels like absolute heaven.” Then he froze. Who else would be in the bath with him? And
that was definitely a girl’s voice. “Er, and, uh, it’s usually good manners to let someone know
you’re entering a bath, at least where I’m from” he quickly added. It was a bit of a lie but he
needed an out for this scenario.
A soft giggle met his ears. “Really now?” they replied, amused. “Why would an emperor
need to announce her presence in her own bath?”
Ren gulped and chanced a glance. Soft, smooth, supple skin, tantalizing curves barely
concealed by long, golden hair cascading down her back, amused green eyes with a soft
smile, unlike the bold grins she had when she dealt with them earlier. She was standing closer
to the fountain, wiping her long, slender arm with a cloth. It was unmistakable who was in
the bath with him.
Emperor Nero.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:

https://discord.gg/zy2QyKKU

Chapter 45: Rulership
Chapter Summary

There's a lot to being an emperor. Or a monster.

Chapter Notes

Not one of my better chapters admittedly. Still, hope you guys enjoy it!
TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Contribute!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder#mobil
e-actions-toggle

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Olga sighed as she relaxed in the Velvet Room, leaning up against a wall. It had been a hard
day (or was it night? Time was an odd concept in here) for her. Her magic circuits burned in
her body – the telltale sign that she had used magecraft. When Ren saved the portion of her
mind and memories, he also managed to save a bit of her soul as well. The soul was where
magic circuits were engraved, so thankfully she managed to retain use of her magecraft. As
for her crest, they were able to restore that too.
That part she was slightly miffed about. Crests were supposed to be a specialized, dedicated
secret. They certainly couldn’t be replicated easily without some unsavory acts in the Moonlit
World. But frankly, she wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. She could continue
utilizing her Animusphere magecraft as needed. And now she was using it to work on a
personal project with Igor’s permission.
“My, you certainly have been busy,” came a high-pitched masculine voice.
The new attendant glanced over blinking as Igor and Lavenza stepped forward. The former
has his perpetual grin as he gracefully strode across the floor with his arms behind his back.
Lavenza followed close behind, the sizeable Compendium tucked under her arm. It was clear
the two had come to check in on her out of curiosity.
The section of the Velvet Room was much like the main room – a smaller panopticon prison,
with empty cells lining the circular room. However, it was missing the carpet as well as
Igor’s desk in the middle, leaving the room looking incredibly barren. But that worked for
Olga – she had asked for an empty room to work with. If she needed furnishings, she had no

doubt Igor would’ve supplied them. And more importantly, the two of them was staring
curiously up at the new addition to the room:
Instead of a ceiling, the chamber opened up into an infinite night sky, with orbiting planets
and glimmering stars.
Olga nodded wearily as she got up from the wall. “I thought I could use some of the
Animusphere magecraft and combine it with the power of the Velvet Room,” she explained
as her gaze turned above. “It seems that shifting the planets and constellations here can also
shift cognition – which in turn affects personas. At least, that’s the theory.” She frowned as
she crossed her arms, still looking toward the artificial stars.
“An intriguing concept,” Lavenza marveled. “Humanity has long used the stars and planets to
chart out paths – be it of travel, time, or of fate itself. Their effect on cognition cannot be
overstated.” The girl glanced back down at Olga with a smile. “Truly an ingenious idea,” she
complimented. “I had not expected your studies to bear fruit so quickly. I commend you,
Olga. We had not considered such an opportunity ourselves.”
The mage waved off the compliment. “It’s the least I can do,” she dismissed. “Nor is it
complete yet. I still have to add various constellations and other stars, figure out their
movements and how to manipulate them, and most importantly, just what kind of effects they
would have on personas.”
She sighed as she ran a hand through her silver hair. “I’ll have to do more studying and
research,” she grumbled. “As well as run some experiments as well. If you’ve any star charts
I can utilize, it would be greatly appreciated. Perhaps any documentation about constellations
and navigational charts throughout history as well. I believe a few civilizations had-“
“Peace, my dear,” Igor cut in, raising a hand to quiet her. “You have done much in a short
span of time. You deserve to rest a bit. Perhaps we can take some time to admire the stars?”
Olga blinked in surprise, then glared. “There’s no time for that!” she snapped. “Every minute,
every second I waste is another that could go towards saving humanity! There’s more that I
can do here, whatever it takes to help Amamiya succeed no matter what! Or perhaps
something that would give not just him, but all of us an edge if necessary! I may have
discarded my role as the director of Chaldea, but that does not mean my responsibility is any
less-“
“Is this responsibility, my dear?” Igor asked, his soft tone freezing her rant cold. “Or is it
guilt?”
“G-guilt?” the former director stammered. “What do you mean by guilt?”
Lavenza stepped forward, an expression of concern. “We are aware of many things,” she
murmured. “Including your past, Olga Marie Animusphere.” Olga shuddered. Lavenza the
last time called her by her full name was when she first woke up panicking in the Velvet
Room.

“You were neglected in the past by your father, then had a tremendous burden placed on your
shoulders by his passing,” she continued. “You did your absolute best despite all the ridicule
and scorn heaped on you, then betrayed by who you thought was your beloved mentor and
saved by a man you had initially scorned.”
Olga winced. They weren’t wrong, which was the worst part. The leader of Team A,
Kirchtaria Wodime, was favored to be the heir of the Animusphere family instead of her. No
matter how hard she studied or tried to prove herself, she was always in his shadow, to the
point where her father treated her as nonexistent.
Then when he died, she became director by default. She puffed herself up and did her due
diligence as much as she could, but she wasn’t deaf. She heard the words spoken behind her
back as she struggled: her position gained only by nepotism, her utter incompatibility and
failure to be a Master, her incompetence compared to Wodime. During that time, she relied
on Lev Lainur for comfort and support. Ever since she was young, he had guided her and
taught her. She regarded him more as a father than her own father ever had been.
And in the end, the man – the demon - only laughed madly as he tried to cast her into the
flaming orb of CHALDEAS, bound to suffer forevermore. Her last pillar of support was gone
just like that. It was only by a desperate attempt by Ren Amamiya, a person she had initially
dismissed – and even slapped – that saved her from damnation.
Her life had been one cruel irony after another, with no chance to step out of anyone’s
shadows, without a chance to prove herself and her own qualities. Here was her second
chance. Was she about to falter here once more?
Her rumination was interrupted as Lavenza walked forward, placing her tiny hand on her
own. The coolness of her touch brought her back to her senses. “You have worked so hard
and undergone so many cruel trials,” Lavenza murmured. “Comparable to many of our guests
– even the Trickster. But you need not push yourself so hard here. So please, do not torment
yourself by believing what you are doing isn’t enough.”
“We do require your strength in days to come,” Igor gently added in. “And reasonably
pushing your limits is greatly encouraged. However, you have done plenty already. To
continue further like this will only harm yourself. Neither our dear guest nor we wish that to
come to pass.”
Olga blinked in surprise. Their reassurances and words, trying to dissuade her from pushing
herself to such an insane degree, were warm and worried. It was a contrast compared to the
cold demeanor her father and fellow mages had given her, or the sickly-sweet compliments
her peers used to butter her up or ingratiate into her good graces – that was, until rumors
circulated that Wodime was to be the Animusphere heir as opposed to her. After that, it had
been nothing but jeers.
Thus, the ever sharp-tongued girl was at a loss for words. Her lips moved but weren’t able to
form the words to properly speak. She didn’t know whether to retort or argue or even to thank
them. She didn’t know what to do.

Lavenza smiled sympathetically. “You are without a doubt a diligent worker and will make a
fine attendant,” she said confidently. “More than worthy of the Trickster’s attentions.”
Ignoring the now spluttering Olga, she turned to an empty corner of the room. “No doubt
right now he is doing all he can to fix the singularities,” she continued. “Let us witness his
progress, shall we? Perhaps it might relax you.” With a wave of her hand, the air in front of
her shimmered, revealing…
“Oh,” Lavenza gasped, her hands raising to her mouth. “Oh my.”
Olga on the other hand was far less reserved. “AMAMIYA, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?”
she screeched, her eyes almost bulging out of her sockets as she somehow grabbed the
incorporeal window and was trying to shake it. “YOU’RE FLIRTING WITH YET
ANOTHER WOMAN?! IN THE BATH?!? AND IT’S THE EMPEROR OF ROME
NOW?!? FIRST MASH THEN FUJIMARU THEN THE QUEEN OF FRANCE?!?!? DOES
YOUR DEPRAVITY KNOW NO LIMTS?!? ANSWER ME, AMAMIYA!”
Igor meanwhile took one look through the window, turned around, and proceeded to stroll out
with Olga’s outraged screams echoing behind him. The guest’s brew was quite delightful
when he brought back a sample to the Velvet Room. Perhaps another cup was in order.
Ren gulped as he tried not to stare at Nero who was calmly washing herself in the bath,
wiping her body of the dirt and grim of the day’s labors. He looked about desperately, trying
to find an escape or leave. Nero glanced over and giggled slightly. “Are you shy about seeing
me?” she asked rhetorically. “Don’t be. My body is a gift granted to me by the divine Venus,
after all. Do gaze upon its beauty – it is perfection, after all.”
The Phantom Thief cleared his throat as he forced his panic – and even more alarmingly, his
arousal – down as he continued to look everywhere but her direction. “Er, in my country, it is
considered extraordinarily rude to stare at someone of the opposite gender in a bath,” he
quickly made the excuse. “Or just staring in general. So please don’t take it as an insult if I’m
trying extremely hard not to look.”
Nero huffed. “How prudish of your country,” she grumbled before shrugging. She moved to a
wall – a distance away from Ren, much to his relief – and sat down, sighing in relaxation as
she submerged up to her shoulders, eyes closed. Ren chanced a glance. Thankfully, with the
opaqueness of the water and the steam, he couldn’t see anything underneath the surface.
He considered his options. He considered leaving the bath, but with Nero there she would
definitely see his more… important parts, which he really didn’t feel like exposing at the
moment even if she was okay. Not to mention, it would be rather rude of him to bail when
she had just joined him in the bath so willingly. She might take it as an insult, and he’d rather
not have to deal with that at the moment.
Ren mentally cursed. No matter how he thought about it, he was basically stuck here at the
pleasure of Nero.
Deciding to keep his mind off things, he decided to broach a topic. “So, what’s with these
partitions?” Ren asked out of curiosity, nodding towards the walled-off sections of the bath.

“Seems a bit… out of place in such a luxurious environment.”
Nero opened an eye and looked toward the indicated makeshift walls. She sighed. “Most of
the water that has been normally pumped for my baths has been directed back towards Rome
instead,” she explained, closing her eye once more. “I kept this little section for my own use.
Considering the water shortages, it would not do for me to continue hoarding vast amounts of
it for mere luxury, emperor or no.”
That took Ren by surprise. He remembered from his history lessons that Nero was known for
his (her?) decadence and waste, like commissioning luxurious, expensive baths, using them
once, then tearing them down. There were other things he learned about Nero, but they were
quickly already melting away. “Is the situation that bad?” he asked earnestly, looking over at
Nero in concern.
The emperor opened her eyes. Her playful green eyes had turned serious and the smile she
wore was gone. “How much do you know about statecraft, auxiliary Amamiya?” she asked.
The tone was calm and without a hint of condescension.
The Phantom Thief blinked and shook his head. “A little bit but honestly not much,” he
admitted. While he was leader of the Phantom Thieves, that didn’t exactly give him a lot of
experience in running a country. Even social studies and history lessons didn’t exactly delve
into the greatest detail – and that was assuming he remembered any of it once the subject
matter passed by.
Nero nodded, relaxing back into the bath. “An empire requires many things to run,” she
explained, closing her eyes once more. “Much of it comes down to fundamentals: Food,
water, shelter. However, from there it always branches out into myriad questions and trials,
and that branches out even further, and so on and so forth.”
Ren blinked. “What do you mean?” he asked.
Sighing, the emperor opened her eyes again, staring at the ceiling. “Where would our food
come from?” she asked rhetorically. “Who would collect and maintain it? Supervise it? Who
would transport the food? How would they get paid? How would we deal with land, seasons,
and drought? Where can we grow our food? How would we defend the farmlands from
wolves, bandits, and enemy soldiers? Is there a possibility of higher yield farmland we could
seize? What about tools? Is metal readily available for smithing tools as necessary? Could
inventions be made to produce higher yields?”
She glanced over at Ren. “That is but one facet of what an emperor must handle,” she
explained. “There are many other questions dealing with other resources as well. Some
considerably more complex yet are nevertheless essential to making sure Rome and the
Empire remain prosperous and beautiful. And these questions become even harder to answer
when it is wartime.”
Ren could only nod slowly. Even just that line of questioning had his mind swimming a bit.
This wasn’t his forte and his mind was tripping over finding answers to such questions. He
had no doubt Makoto would be far better about it, but it required no small amount of

knowledge to answer. He was definitely out of his depth here – running an empire was
definitely not part of his studies, either in school or in the Metaverse.
“It definitely sounds like an issue,” Ren replied carefully. What else could he say at the
moment?
Nero hummed. “Umu, that it is,” she agreed. There was a moment’s pause as they both
simply soaked in the bath. Then Nero spoke up again. “Tell me, what do you think of
Rome?” she asked.
The question caught him off guard. He considered heavily. Nero seemed to be extraordinarily
proud of Rome and the empire, and all that it entailed. Why would she ask him such a
question though? Did she want his opinion of it or was she looking for perhaps more praise?
Or was there another reason? Nero was considered a mad tyrant by history – what if the
wrong answer meant his death? He had to be careful here.
“It’s a beautiful city,” Ren replied earnestly. “I’d love to explore it if I could. The architecture
is quite magnificent and-“
He was stopped by Nero waving a hand in dismissal. “You need not assume such
pretentions,” she sighed. “Although I love Rome with all my heart and Rome reciprocates
fully, I’m not blind either. Speak candidly.”
That caught him off guard. Okay, maybe he could’ve done a better job of selling his point.
Still, he had to be cautious in case Nero took any offense to his words. “It… definitely has
seen better days,” he answered cautiously, keeping a careful eye on Nero to gauge her
reaction. “It was probably glorious in its heyday, but that’s certainly not the case right now. It
seems a lot more… ruined than I expected, to be honest.”
Nero nodded sadly. “Yes, that’s about the right of it,” she murmured, running a hand through
her golden hair tiredly. “This war has been sapping our resources – what little we can spare at
this point anyway. Many things, from quarries to mines to farmlands, are currently occupied
by the enemy. Even the ones we currently have access to, the roads that would carry supplies
are harried by enemy forces, bandits, and some other manner of beasts.”
Ren remembered the time back in Japan when the psychotic breakdowns were always on the
news, particularly the news stories where the subway trains were constantly crashing, leading
to massive traffic jams. Sojiro especially grumbled about it when he tried to drive him back
from Shujin after introducing Ren to the teachers and principal.
“So even traffic delays are a thing in ancient Rome, huh?” he murmured to himself, slightly
amused despite it all.
“Did you say something, auxiliary?” Nero asked curiously, looking over.
Ren shook his head with a smile. “No, it’s nothing,” he replied honestly. “I can certainly see
how that would be an issue though.”

Nero gave Ren an odd look, then dismissed it with a shrug. She stood up from the bath,
forcing Ren to look away once more while again suppressing his desire. Without giving a
second glance at him, she stepped out of the bath and walked toward the balcony, taking a
towel nearby and wiping herself off. After a few minutes, Ren chanced a glance back at Nero
to see if she was dressed. And indeed, she was.
If ‘dressed’ meant essentially a strip of transparent red cloth, edged with gold, that draped
over her shoulders loosely and covered only her chest and between her legs – and nothing
else. Her golden hair cascaded down her back, thankfully covering a great deal of her form,
but it was still a tantalizing figure nevertheless that forced Ren to once more look away.
“So, what are the forces we’re fighting against then?” Ren asked as he struggled to keep his
bodily functions under control.
Nero poured herself a cup of wine from a pitcher and a goblet that sat nearby. “Is it not
obvious?” she asked. “We fight against Romans. An enemy that knows the empire inside and
out, knows how we function, how we structure our troops, the lands we have, and more.” She
took a sip of the wine as she stepped closer to the balcony and stared out, seemingly not
caring about the cool breeze. “It is truly a vexing problem; one we need to resolve one way or
another.”
Ren blinked. “A civil war?” he asked. Those weren’t exactly uncommon for a lot of nations.
Japan itself went through quite a few of them throughout its history, like the Warring States
period. What he recalled about the Roman Empire was that it often had to deal with the same
thing, coupled with a lot of backstabbing from various senators or the Praetorian Guard.
Caesar’s assassination was the most infamous but there were plenty of others as well.
The emperor laughed – a bitter sound unlike her clearer, mirthful laughter from earlier in the
day. “If only it were that simple,” she replied. Ren awaited an answer but it didn’t seem
forthcoming. “Come here, auxiliary.”
The command caught Ren by surprise yet again. He stepped out of the water and grabbed a
towel to wrap around his waist, wondering if he had time to put on his clothes as well. Just as
he was about to walk over for the clothes, Nero turned her head slightly in his direction. He
gulped – she was expecting him, and he had a sinking feeling she didn’t wish to wait.
Making his way carefully over so he didn’t slip, shivering at the feel of the cold marble
against his feet, he joined Nero on the balcony. The balcony opened to the rest of the palace
below them, then the city of Rome, stretching on for as far as he could see – at least, as far as
he could in the darkness. “Tell me, what do you see?” the emperor asked.
Ren squinted as he tried to make out some details. “I see some soldiers marching in the
streets,” he murmured, picking out as many details as he could. His eyes slowly adjusted to
the dark and allowed him to pick out some more details. “A good number of buildings and
architecture. Um… that’s really all I can see.” He had no choice but to admit defeat there. It
was simply too dark to see more details. He turned back to see Nero scrutinizing him closely,
her green eyes staring hard at him.

Then Nero once again gave a bitter laugh. “It is exactly as you say, auxiliary,” she replied.
“At this time of night, the streets would still be bustling – you would see the flow of people
going to taverns or brothels, visiting markets. Many of these buildings would be lit up as
people lived in them, for good or ill. It was a place of warmth and of life. That was Rome –
for all its achievements, for all its splendor and beauty, the crown jewel of the city and of the
empire, were its people.”
She leaned against the railing. “The sounds of life and jubilation would often reach my ears,”
she murmured, her eyes misty in recollection. “And of course, the theater. Ah, the acts and
drama, the cheers and tears of the audience. To be able to move the feelings of an audience –
be they rich or poor, young or old, from all different walks of life – is truly a marvel of its
own.”
The emperor smiled, then grimaced, holding her head. Ren looked over in surprise,
immediately ignoring her lightly clothed state. “Nero? You okay?” he asked worriedly.
She smiled, though it still looked more like a grimace. “It’s a bout of headache,” she replied,
her tone a bit faint. “It shall pass. I thank you for your concern though, auxiliary.” She turned
back to stare out over the city. “Better to focus on what can be done than what cannot,” she
murmured.
Despite her pain, she smiled as she swept a hand over the city. “Once we have won this war,
life shall come back to the empire and the city,” she declared. “I will pen a fine epic to
commemorate the whole war, and I myself shall perform it in theaters! Umu! It shall be the
most fitting way to celebrate our victory and triumph! I trust only myself to convey the
emotions and extraordinary actions in our tale!”
Ren blinked in surprise and smiled. “You’re a huge fan of the theater, I take it?” he asked
rhetorically.
Nero turned to him fully now with a broad grin. “Not merely a huge fan,” she correctly
brightly. “Aside from my duties as an emperor, it is my one true love throughout my life! A
singer, a director, a writer, I am all that and more, as befit the Emperor of Roses! Auxiliary
Ren Amamiya, for indulging in my conversations and being a most splendid and welcome
guest, you shall have firsthand experience of my talents right now!”
The Phantom Thief smiled – when he remembered another historical fact: That when Nero
performed, he(she?) was so bad that people were leaving throughout the performance,
enough that the emperor ordered the exits barred so they couldn’t exit – or rather, escape.
And here he was, point blank, about to experience that historical fact in full force as Nero
took a deep breath. “Er, emperor Nero, I really don’t think it’s necessary-“ Ren hurriedly
interjected.
Too late. Nero sang, and the only thing Ren knew after was pain.
As the sun set, the light gave way to a void glistening with stars in the void above, shrouding
the world in darkness. The city itself barely illuminated by what few lights remaining from

patrols or people in their homes. A full moon hovered in the night sky, illuminating
everything in a dim, mystical light. The shadows stretched long under the moonlight, lending
an air of mystery to the locale. It was a scenic sight.
One that Joan took in for a bit before going back to her book. She sat on the windowsill,
using the moonlight to see better. The braziers had been put out – they were harder to
extinguish than regular lights and reading by candlelight would have been difficult. The
moonlight worked well enough for her purposes here, and she didn’t exactly feel like reading
in bed anyway.
She had taken a book about Roman society before leaving for the excursion (with Medusa
and Da Vinci’s permission) and was reading up on it. Compared to the time she lived, the
Roman Empire was both more and less… developed than she expected. The more organized
structures and military as well as architectural innovations and wonders compared to the
rather rough formations of soldiers and knights she ‘remembered’ as a saint as well as the
rougher castles of her time.
But even then, there was no small amount of backstabbing and politics between all the noble
factions, infighting, alliances for ones’ own benefit, and more. That, she was more than
familiar with. She had to smile bitterly as she remembered the whole bit of Hundred Years’
War and what she studied from the books in Chaldea’s library. The more things changed, the
more they stayed the same, it seemed.
The conversation between her and the original Jeanne had been… enlightening. Since Joan’s
memories were artificial and only comprised of her trial and subsequent execution, the most
she had to go on were her either faint impressions (such as the food she normally ate) or from
those books as well as her experiences from her brief time in Orleans. Speaking with Jeanne
filled in no small number of gaps as the saint related her experiences when she had been
alive.
Details about the soldiers she fought alongside and ate with, generals she strategized with as
well as her impressions, the various nobles and kings she met… those were the experiences
Joan had been missing. True, hearing Jeanne talking about them warmly only got the Lancer
more annoyed, but she suppressed it. Jeanne was who she was and had accepted that. Joan
was still trying to figure everything out. Who was she to judge at this point?
“Do you really need to keep an eye on me?” Joan muttered, not lifting her eyes from her
book.
There was a moment pause before Tamamo appeared in a golden shower. “Oh please, you are
hardly worth the personal attention,” she huffed, not even facing Joan as she scanned a wall.
“I’m merely making sure my talismans were doing their job.”
“And what would that be?” Joan asked skeptically, glancing up from her book.
“Keeping out assassins and warding off spies,” Tamamo replied easily. “And Loki.”
Joan paused, then nodded. Fair enough on that front. Nobody liked that smirking imp in the
slightest. Why their Master thought it would be a good idea to bring them was frankly

beyond any of the group. All they could do was make sure the Avenger didn’t do too much
damage.
Tamamo glanced back at Joan. “I don’t believe we have been introduced yet,” she
commented. She gave a respectful bow to the Lancer, her tail moving to the side. “I am
Tamamo-no-Mae, a Caster Servant, contracted under Chaldea. And you are?”
The false saint narrowed her eyes at Tamamo, then sighed heavily. Much as she wanted to get
back to reading, knowing who she was fighting alongside was the least she could do. Not
really knowing or attempting to get along with her Servants led to a whole host of
complications back in Orleans, after all. “Lancer, Jeanne d’Arc Alter,” she grumbled out,
knowing the inevitable slew of questions incoming. “Just call me Joan.”
The Caster blinked in surprise as her fox ears twitched. “You’re a Servant? And an Alter at
that?” she asked skeptically. “I can’t sense you are one, yet you do not seem to be lying. An
Alter of Jeanne d’Arc… How is that possible?”
Joan sighed. “It’s a damn long story that I really don’t want to recount tonight,” she growled,
waving off the question. “If you want the long version, ask Amamiya, the cat, or the shield
girl. The short version: I was created to be the destroyer of France as some cocked-up
revenge scheme based on the Maid of Orleans, then was incarnated. Damn if I know why it
happened, but here I am making amends. Satisfied?”
Tamamo’s eyes widened. Then she sighed. “You don’t seem to be the type to lie,” she
murmured in response, her agitated tail waving a clear sign of her turmoil. “Though such a
tale begets many questions. I will not pry, though I must admit I’m quite curious. It is an
uncommon situation, to be sure.”
The Lancer rolled her eyes. “Get in line,” she grumbled. “If anything, our Masters are far
weirder than I am. And before you ask, no, I’m not about to get into detail about them. Ask
them – I can barely understand it myself.”
Ears perking up, she stared curiously over at Joan. “What gives you that opinion?” she asked
curiously. She already had a feeling that the Masters she had been summoned to weren’t
ordinary, even by magi standards. However, her intuition told her that Joan wasn’t
understating it in the slightest. So what made them so unique after all?
Joan blinked in surprise, then clicked her tongue while running a hand through her white hair.
“Not my place to tell,” she replied flatly. “Ask them or don’t – not my business at this point.”
The Caster’s tail swished in annoyance at the dismissal, but she got the point. The Lancer
wasn’t about to tell her because either she didn’t know or she couldn’t answer. She sighed as
she went back to checking the talismans and making sure they were intact. “Still, to be
incarnated is quite a turn of fortune,” she commented.
The Lancer sighed and closed her book. It was obvious she wasn’t getting any more reading
done tonight. “Yeah, heard the same from yet another person,” Joan grumbled, recalling the
reassurance she received from the original Jeanne. “Can’t help but think there’s some sort of
string attached or three but honestly, I’ll take what I can get.”

Tamamo nodded sympathetically. “True, it is rare for good fortune to not be met with
misfortune further down the line,” she sighed as she turned around. “I’ve learned a long time
ago to hold onto that good fortune while you can, so that when it turns around, you can at
least weather the storm – for better or worse.”
The former doppelganger raised an eyebrow. “Speaking from experience?” she asked
sardonically.
Sighing, Tamamo nodded once more. “A tale for another time,” she replied, waving a hand.
“Still, what do you plan with this life of yours now?”
Joan was getting annoyed. What the hell was this, an interrogation? “Got a lot of shit to make
up for,” she growled. “Hurt and killed a lot of people and was an existence that was only
supposed to cause suffering in the first place. Figured working with Chaldea would be the
best way to go about it. Now, we done with this?”
As the Lancer looked over, however, her irritation was superseded by confusion. Tamamo
had frozen, staring at her with wide eyes. Even her tail and ears had stopped moving. Then
she cleared her throat. “Ah, yes, I see,” she murmured as she turned away to hide her face. “It
is good to make amends when… when you can. If you can.”
The Lancer frowned. “Lemme guess, you have some personal baggage as well?” Joan asked
rhetorically, leaning against the windowsill. “Since I’ve been answering so many of your
questions, how about you return the favor – what’s your story?”
Tamamo blinked in surprise. “Oya?” she purred, a forced smile on her face. “It is rude to ask
a lady directly for her story, don’t you know, even if you are a lady yourself. Still, you are
correct – I do owe you for my rudeness for all my questions earlier. It is a best story told over
tea, however, not here. Do forgive my rudeness.”
She turned to leave, then paused. “Though if you are curious,” the Caster added. “You have a
habit of reading, yes? Then please, find my legend. As well as ‘Daji’. I believe that shall
satiate some of your curiosity in the meantime.” With that, she vanished into a shower of
golden dust.
Joan scowled as the Caster left. Nothing but cryptic hints. She was getting really tired of that.
Still…
“Tamamo and Daji, huh?” she muttered to herself as she opened her book once more. She
committed them to memory. But for now, it was back to reading.
And throughout it all, the moon shone uncaring over the fractured Roman Empire.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:

https://discord.gg/NWAsjkQH

Chapter 46: On the March
Chapter Summary

Plans are made and underway.

Chapter Notes

Hey guys. Sorry for poofing - life matters. But I'll try to keep up my updates from now
on.
TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Please contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The morning came, cloudy and grey. There was no threat of imminent rain, but the dampened
sunlight filtered through, giving the barely lit palace an even further desolate air. The staff
focused on cleaning what they could and attending to the emperor and guests, with the guards
once more helping them. Footsteps sounded in the hallways, their ghostly echoes bouncing
off the walls and eventually released into the world through a window or opened balcony.
The Chaldean group had gathered in the dining hall once more and served more bread and
cheese, as well as a few fresh fruits – again one of the few luxuries Nero retained for herself.
At the table were Ren, Morgana, Ritsu, Mash, and Joan. Tamamo stood guard nearby as Loki
lazed about on an alcove above. Archer and Medusa had taken off into the city itself to scout
and explore.
Ritsu looked around as she ate, her eyebrows furrowing. Swallowing a bite of bread, she
looked at one of the soldiers nearby. “Hey, where’s the emperor?” she called over. “It doesn’t
seem like her to just leave her guests to have breakfast by themselves.”
The soldier huffed, narrowing his eyes at Ritsu. “The Imperator has more important matters
to attend to during the mornings than dealing with foreign… ‘guests’,” he replied. “Consider
it a miracle you were even recruited as auxiliaries, let alone be able to stay and dine here.”
The female Master blinked in surprise and was about to angrily retort when Mash pulled at
her arm. “Please, Ritsu-senpai, not here,” she hurriedly whispered. “We don’t want to cause
more trouble for the emperor.” That being said, even she shot a glare towards the soldier that
had so rudely spoken to Ritsu. The soldier for his part didn’t deign to notice.

The redhead blinked over at Mash, then huffed as she returned to her food. “That’s a rude
way to say ‘she’s busy’ though,” she grumbled as she tore into a piece of cheese.
“Yeah, what’s the big idea here?” Morgana snapped, glaring at the soldier. “We’re guests of
their beloved emperor and their reinforcements besides. Shouldn’t they be treating us a bit
better? A bit of respect isn’t exactly asking for much!”
“You’re barking up the wrong tree,” Joan grumbled, popping a grape into her mouth as her
words drew everyone’s attention. “Romans weren’t exactly known for their love of
foreigners, especially in the capital here. As far as they saw it, you were either Roman or you
weren’t. And women especially weren’t exactly highly thought of either. Guess the emperor
is an exception.”
There was a moment of silence from the group. “Where did you learn all that?” Ren asked
curiously. He certainly hadn’t expected Joan of all people to start pulling out Rome trivia.
The incarnated Servant shrugged. “Did some reading last night about the Roman Empire,”
she replied. “Thought it would be a good idea to come in at least a bit prepared instead of
charging in half-assed. It certainly didn’t do me any favors before.” The events of Orleans
never left her mind, be it her own actions or crimes.
Behind her, Tamamo raised a sleeved hand to her mouth and giggled surreptitiously in
response. She could certainly vouch for her studies.
“Huh,” Ren said, blinking in surprise. “Well, good call, Joan.” He took a sip of water as he
considered. He really should’ve thought of that himself, but he had been occupied with
everything else. Already, the Lancer Servant in front of him was very much a far cry from the
incompetent doppelganger they had to deal with back in Orleans. He hadn’t expected her to
learn so much and keep going.
She would definitely be a valuable ally.
One of the staff stepped forward, dressed in white robes. He bowed low towards them.
“Honored guests,” he murmured. “When you are finished with your repast, I shall show you
to the Imperator.”
By then, they had all finished their breakfasts and stood up. Ritsu shot one last glare at the
soldier as Tamamo joined them, her fox tail swishing elegantly behind her. They all turned to
leave – then heard a blast of wind and a surprised yelp from behind them, followed by a
painful crash. The guard had been apparently blasted into the air and landed on his back,
groaning in pain.
Morgana blinked in surprise, then grinned over at Tamamo. “Neat trick, Caster.”
“What ever do you mean~?” Tamamo feigned innocently, though the mischievous glint in her
eye spoke a different tale.
In the alcove above, Loki’s mocking laughter echoed through the hall as they left.

As they walked down the hallways, Archer and Medusa had rejoined them at a notification
from Morgana. For Ren, last night’s events hadn’t left his mind. The emperor had been rather
forward last night and he wondered exactly what that meant for him. How should he act or
react around her now? It wasn’t exactly his first time dealing with girls, sure, but this was an
utterly unique situation. It was a small blessing that none of the others seem to have noticed it
at least.
They entered the last room, guarded by grand doors. It opened up into a large room, with a
balcony overseeing the city of Rome. In the center was a large square table with a massive
map of the Roman Empire and its territories, with various carved wooden effigies standing on
various areas and territories of the map. Unlike most other rooms in the palace, all the torches
and braziers were lit, allowing full illumination of the room whether there was sunlight or
not.
At the table were three people. Two of them seemed to be commanders, judging by their gear.
The third was Nero herself. Her golden hair was once more done up in a proper bun.
However, as opposed to her golden armor, she wore a resplendent red dress that accentuated
her form and beauty. The front part of her skirt was transparent, allowing one to see her bare
legs.
Nero looked up at their entrance and beamed. “Ah, welcome, auxiliaries!” she crowed as they
stepped in. “I once more apologize for your meager fare but it seems it hasn’t dampened your
spirits in the slightest! Wonderful! Allow me to introduce my two generals – Legate Lanius
Felix Evander and Legate Gaius Marcus Acisculus!”
The two men looked over, narrowing their eyes at the new arrivals, but simply saluted. Ren
had a feeling the only reason they were receiving any better treatment at all was because of
the emperor, a conclusion that was shared by everyone else by Chaldea as they returned their
salute with either formal nods at best (Archer and Tamamo) or suspicious glares at worst
(Ritsu and Morgana).
Nero simply beamed at all of them. Under normal circumstances, Ren would believe that the
emperor was oblivious to the tension between the two groups. However, after last night’s
talk, he had to re-evaluate. There’s no way someone who was this savvy and concerned with
her empire would miss all this. In fact, her cheerfulness from the very beginning was most
likely a façade.
As they approached the table, everyone could quickly see what was going on. The first
location one would check was Rome, which was occupied by lighter colored wood figures.
Once that was figured out, it was a sobering tale of just how much the darker representations
of the enemy outweighed their own just from a quick glance at the map.
“Scouts have reported that the enemy has taken the southern docks,” Legate Acisculus
reported, getting back to his own briefing as he moved several darker pieces to the

appropriate positions while discarding the lighter colored ones. “Which explains their
presence on the Appian Road. In order to do that though, it is safe to assume that the
surrounding islands, including Corsica, Sardinia, and Sicily have also been taken over.” He
moved the darker pieces in place, further illustrating their plight.
“And if we count Florence as well, the enemy forces have Rome surrounded,” Legate
Evander growled as he crossed his arms. Indeed, the stated city, just north of Rome, was
covered in more dark effigies. “I’m uncertain our forces here will be enough to break through
at this point. They’re exhausted and weary as is.”
Nero nodded contemplatively. “Indeed, my legates, you speak true,” she agreed. “However,
we have new factors to consider!” She pointed out the Chaldean group with a broad grin.
“Our new auxiliaries! I have seen a bit of their power in the skirmish at the Appian Road! It
is a force the enemy will not expect!”
The two legates turned again to look suspiciously at Chaldea. “Imperator, permission to
speak candidly,” Acisculus said tersely.
“I welcome it!” Nero cried.
“I’ve heard a few tales of what happened with the skirmish at Appia Road,” the legate
commented. “For them to show up right when the enemy forces have been able to reach so
easily to the heart of the empire, within striking distance of Rome itself, is all too suspicious.
How can you be so certain these aren’t spies or saboteurs, who will be our ultimate downfall
and humiliation?”
Legate Evander nodded in agreement. “He speaks true,” he agreed. “As well, their story
seems far too fantastical for us to believe. Imperator, I must ask you to reconsider and place
them under interrogation, or at least under probation so that we may verify their intent.”
Ritsu rolled her eyes in irritation as Morgana scowled in turn. Mash looked around worriedly
between the legates and the group, trying to gauge everyone’s reaction. The Servants didn’t
move, but the air around them subtly shifted into a razor’s edge. Should there be any
hostilities, it was clear they were ready to kill everyone in the room and make their escape.
As for Ren…
His and Nero’s eyes met. For a second, he saw the emperor’s eyes flick almost with
annoyance at her two commanders as she considered what to do. Then she began laughing.
“You two legates are far too distrustful!” she boomed out, smiling brightly. “What traitors
would fight with such valor like we had seen in the skirmish at the Appia Road? No, I’m not
mistaken in my judgement! They are our valued allies and I’m proud to welcome them as
auxiliaries!”
The two legates ground their teeth but saluted to Nero. “By your will,” they intoned in sync.
Nero nodded, apparently happy the matter was settled as the Chaldeans settled down.
However, once more, that smile had those cracks that he caught a further glimpse of the night
before. He glanced back to the map, seeing the large number of darker figures surrounding
Rome.

Nero’s situation was definitely desperate.
“Um, excuse me,” Mash spoke up quietly, raising her hand and garnering the attention of
everyone else. “Permission to speak?”
“Please, auxiliary Mash!” Nero approved.
Mash blinked at being addressed as such but nodded. “We never received a briefing on who
exactly our enemy is. Perhaps we may be able to contribute more if we had more of an
explanation?”
The three Romans blinked in surprise, then Nero nodded. “Very well,” she agreed. “It is true
that throwing you to the enemy blind will not avail anybody.” Her smile faded as she faced
the Chaldeans with a serious gaze. “They are also Romans, like us,” she explained. “From
tactics to equipment to men to loyalty, they are without a doubt Roman as well. They have
declared themselves the United Roman Empire, and their goal is to take over the true empire
utterly.”
“Well, seems like business as usual,” Loki commented, checking their nails disinterestedly.
“Romans are known for backstabbing on top of everything else they’ve done. From senators
to generals to the imperial family, it’s all turn and turn about.” They glanced over
sardonically at the map then at the legates. “Looks to me it’s a standard civil war. All that’s
needed is some general – or legate – burying some blade in the leader’s body and it'd be a
picture-perfect story, wouldn’t you agree?”
“You dare-?!” snarled Acisculus, reaching for his gladius.
“Legate, stand down,” Nero barked, glaring at the officer. The legate blinked and hesitantly
withdrew his grip, though still glaring at Loki who only responded with a sardonic smile.
“That is true,” she continued, keeping a neutral tone as she turned back towards Loki.
“However, this isn’t just a regular civil war. Our scouts have managed sightings of key
figures that shouldn’t be possible – my predecessor Julius Caesar and the legendary Spartan
king Leonidas among them.”
Ritsu’s eyes widened. “Wait, wait, Julius Caesar?” she gasped. “As in the Julius Caesar?!
And Leonidas too?!”
The emperor nodded. “Judging by your tone you already know of them,” she answered.
“Though they have not taken the field, their tactics are far too similar to what they deployed
in their days to be a coincidence. And while I would like to believe we are simply dealing
with impersonators, they simply have gained far too much momentum and strength for that to
be the case.”
The Chaldeans all had to resist the urge to look over at Joan, who simply narrowed her eyes
and scowled at the news. The last thing she wanted to hear or deal with was more
doppelgangers. Frankly, that simply seemed like a cruel joke or twist of fate than anything at
this point. Then again, fate often had a cruel sense of humor – at this point, it wouldn’t
surprise her.

“Hm, so at minimum we have the legendary emperor Julius Caesar and the infamous Spartan
king Leonidas standing against us,” Loki mused, once more drawing everyone’s attention
before anyone could stop them from speaking. “It would be tricky to have such opponents.
Ah, no doubt your people would be conflicted in fighting against them. Perhaps they might
even defect and join them. Oh, but what am I saying – people wouldn’t so easily defect from
their emperor, would they?”
There was a pointed silence as neither Nero nor the legates answered, instead staring stonily
at the map. Loki’s broadening smile only confirmed that was the exact reaction they
expected.
“Knock it off, Loki,” Ren snapped, glaring at the Avenger. “We’re here to help them, not
poke and prod at them. If you have something useful to say, then say it. Otherwise, cut it
out.” Loki’s smile widened yet again as they raised their hands easily in surrender, instead
choosing to keep his silence.
The Master turned back to the map. “Right, so we’re facing other Romans,” Ren commented,
wrenching the conversation back to the topic at hand. “That’s good to know. So, what’s the
plan? You guys know the terrain and enemy better than we do. We’ll help out how we can.”
Nero nodded gratefully. “That’s heartening to hear,” she replied. She pointed out Florence.
“Right now, recapturing Florence will be key before they fortify. If they manage to secure the
city completely, they’ll be simply a short march to Rome and can easily resupply from the sea
while we’re too pinned to do anything about it. I will join Legate Asisculus in retaking the
city. Auxiliaries, you shall come with me as well.”
Legate Asisculus saluted at the orders as Nero turned to her other general. “Legate Evander,
take your forces and recapture the southern docks,” she ordered. “We shall need a staging
point to recapture the islands as necessary, and to stop further incursions. Once that is done,
prepare what you can for a naval campaign so we can secure the seas once more.” Evander
saluted in acknowledgement.
“Now, are there any questions?” Nero asked, looking at the group. The Chaldeans looked at
each other, but no one seemed to have anything to add. The emperor nodded. “Make any
preparations necessary,” she said. “We march after noon. For Rome.”
“For Rome,” the two generals saluted before marching out of the room, not bothering to give
the Chaldeans another glance.
Nero sighed as she rubbed her temples. “I apologize for the harshness of my legates,” the
emperor murmured. “They do mean well – for me and the safety of the empire.”
Morgana sighed and hopped up onto the map table. “Eh, not something we need to worry
about for now,” he replied, waving off the excuse. “So anyway, do we have any allies of our
own or is it just us?”
The emperor shook her head. “No,” she replied. “They might have Caesar and Leonidas, but
I’ve had some allies as well. They are currently stationed here in Gaul and Mediolanum.” She
pointed out two cities – one where the European continent met the Italian peninsula, and the

other far to the north in Europe. “That’s the other reason why we need to secure Florence.
Otherwise, any communications with them will be cut off and we won’t be able to recall
them in time.”
Ritsu raised an eyebrow as she looked over. “Er, aren’t they kinda far to call back anyway?”
she asked skeptically. Indeed, while Europe and Italy weren’t as big as the States, that was
still several hundred miles for them to cross on foot, or horse if they were lucky.
Nero nodded grimly. “They are, yes – which is why it falls on us to defend Rome,” she
replied with a sigh. “I had not expected the enemy forces to attack us so quickly and suddenly
here. It was my lack of foresight that allowed them to reach this close in the first place.”
“And it would appear you’re stretched thin,” Archer noted, glancing critically over at the
map. “It seems every force of yours is currently occupied – do you not have any other forces
to distribute or send?”
The emperor shook her head miserably. “This is all I have left,” she replied softly. “All other
forces have either been dispatched or… or left.” Everyone besides Nero looked over at Loki,
who merely smirked before looking disinterestedly back at their nails once more. Ren had to
sigh as Ritsu ground her teeth. It seemed Loki was right – though no one wanted to say a
word.
“Well, now there’s one variable that the enemy hasn’t counted on,” Morgana stated, nodding
confidently. “And that’s us. It won’t last for too long once we hit the field but if we hit fast
enough, we might be able to make a good amount of headway before they can retaliate. Once
we open up with Florence, we can go from there. Until then, we should get ready. It’s gonna
be a long day today.”
All of them nodded and began filing out to make whatever preparations they needed before
the march. Ren was the last to leave, and he turned to look back and saw Nero still grimly
looking at the map and all the different pieces on it. “Nero?” he asked gently.
The emperor blinked and looked up before placing a smile on her face once more. “Ah, it is
nothing, auxiliary. Come, let us make ready. The United Roman Empire may be Romans, but
they are not Romans of this time – and we shall show them!” With that, she easily sauntered
out of the war room. Ren watched her leave before glancing back at the map with a light
frown.
What did she see that they all missed?

The legions were quickly assembled: Several hundred men clad in iron armor, wielding large
square shields and spears as well as bows. A few were mounted on horses, though not nearly
enough for a cavalry regiment. It was clear the mounted ones were officers of some regard.

They were carrying the red banners once more, their red and gold cloth gleaming despite the
shrouded sunlight. It was an impressive display – at first glance, anyway.
Once Ren got over his awe at watching an ancient army move out, he began noticing details:
the exhaustion on the soldiers’ faces, the oddly lackluster tempo of their marching, and the
angry commands from various officers. The Chaldean group were close to the front, allowing
Ren to glance over at Nero, who was in discussion with legate Asisculus and didn’t seem to
notice. No, that wasn’t the right term. Someone like Nero would’ve noticed her troops’
discontent very quickly.
Perhaps they were simply used to it?
“Have you done anything like this before, Ren-senpai?”
Ren blinked as he looked over at Mash, who had come up beside him. She didn’t have her
shield out so she could move more easily with everyone else. He chuckled. “Can’t say I
have,” he answered easily. “My high school could be strict at times, but I certainly didn’t
have a time where they dressed us up in armor and marched us down the roads. Honestly, it
would’ve been way more fun than sitting through boring lessons.”
Mash blinked in surprise before letting out a chuckle. “Japanese high schools certainly aren’t
that harsh, are they, Ren-senpai?” she asked curiously. “What was your school like, then?”
The Phantom Thief shrugged, easily tuning out the sounds of the marching behind him. It got
monotonous after a while. “If you meant Shujin, it was much like any other school,” Ren
replied. “Well, aside from the suspicious glances I got from my classmates and teachers. The
rumors especially went crazy – saying I killed someone or was carrying a knife or that I even
smuggled ivory.” Ren had to chuckle. “I got a laugh out of that one.”
Mash’s eyes widened. “Did you?” she gasped.
That caused Ren to guffaw in laughter. “Oh, it’s true, all of it,” he replied with a broad grin.
“I even drove around without a license too if you can believe it! I did everything and more!”
The shielder’s eyes widened even further before her shock was broken by Morgana and Ritsu
chuckling beside Ren. “Come on, Joker, it’s not nice to lead Mash around like that,” Morgana
admonished, grinning. “You got her going the entire time.”
Ritsu giggled and smirked at Ren. “But still, a legendary Phantom Thief is bound to have a
lot of deeds under his name, hm?” she pointed out. “Maybe there’s a hint of truth to them.”
Ren grinned back. “My lips are sealed,” he replied cheekily.
Mash in the meantime looked between all of them before finally pouting at Ren. “That was
mean, Ren-senpai,” she grumbled. “I had genuine questions about your school.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “Sorry, sorry,” he apologized earnestly. “But yeah, Shujin
wasn’t all that different aside from that. It… holds a lot of memories, both good and bad
nowadays. I’m still glad I don’t have to go back though.”

Nodding, Mash lowered her head in thought. She researched a bit about high schools and got
all sorts of conflicting information – from different facts to opinions, some opining it at the
best time of one’s life or some crucible of puberty and social structure on the way to
adulthood. The debriefing gave a small window into Ren’s time at Shujin, but from what she
could tell, it wasn’t exactly under ordinary circumstances whatsoever.
Was Ren truly just that extraordinary?
“If you don’t mind me asking,” she continued slowly. “What about your old school? What
was that like?”
At the question, Ren froze. Even Morgana was intrigued by the question. Ren rarely spoke
about his time before coming to Tokyo. He mentioned that was where he was falsely accused
by Shido and arrested. Even when they went back, it had only been a month or so. Morgana
had some hints here and there of his home life but not a huge amount – or at least, none that
Ren had been particularly willing to divulge. He had to just observe all on his own.
“It was… ordinary,” Ren murmured finally, staring ahead of him. “I wasn’t anyone special –
my grades were average, friends were average. Didn’t really go to any clubs either – just the
‘go-home’ club.” Indeed, it was ordinary. His parents treated him… well, not coldly but they
were a bit distant. They were always busy with their jobs. He hung out with his friends, but
once the school day was over, that was about it. And grades… well, he got by.
After the arrest, that all changed. His parents shipped him off to Tokyo after yelling at him
for sticking his nose somewhere that it didn’t belong. They didn’t contact him except for
some cursory texts. His friends all evaporated after the incident – none of them responded
when he tried to text them, and quite a few even blocked his number.
And just as he had forgotten all about that with his adventures in Tokyo, with all the friends
and found family he made, he was back. A home that didn’t feel like home. A family that
didn’t feel like family. No one to greet him when he got back home, with only suspicious
looks from neighbors and former classmates alike when he saw them.
Faced with that, everything from the past year almost felt like a dream. Even now, he had
trouble reconciling that, despite having his persona powers back as well as Morgana by his
side. And now here he was on an even grander adventure. How would he feel after
everything? Would he even be able to ever feel like he actually went back home in the end?
Could he?
“Well, even the most extraordinary people come from normal circumstances, I guess,” Ritsu
remarked, her hands behind her head and relaxing as she walked. “Never know when or
where the next badass or hero’s gonna show up, right? We just make do with what life throws
at us – even if life throws us a curveball.”
She stopped, then considered. “Actually, this is well beyond a curveball,” she mused. “This is
a baseball that’s gone a full rollercoaster, swirled around a black hole, shot out at light speed,
then did a full reverse.” She glanced over to see everyone else staring at her and blinked. “…
I totally forgot where I was going with that,” she muttered abashedly, scratching her cheek.

Morgana chuckled. “You’ve got a point regardless, Ritsu,” he agreed. “The circumstances he
was in and came from may not have been the best, but he rose to the challenge magnificently
– with my expert guidance, after all. That’s why he’s the leader of the Phantom Thieves.”
Ren blinked and forced himself to smile. “Heh, you’re giving me far too much credit, Mona,”
he replied easily. “But if that’s the case, then all I’ve gotta is to do it again.”
Both Morgana and Ritsu nodded confidently. “Spoken like a true Phantom Thief!” Ritsu
crowed.
However, Mash frowned as she stared at Ren. Despite everything and what Ren had told
them, despite his air of confidence, Loki’s words from yesterday hadn’t left her mind.
“It’s the same smile you plaster on day in, day out. A rather brilliant smile in its complexity
and purpose, don’t you think?”
Mash has been observing the emperor closely after that. She couldn’t help but notice how
Nero look so aggrieved yet kept pretending otherwise. She had never met an emperor before.
The closest would be Artoria, and she hadn’t had a decent chance for a conversation about
her kingship. And now that she was back with her senpai, she observed him closely too. So
that she could learn from him and become stronger, a greater shield. So that she could stand
by his side.
And she could see the meaning of Loki’s words. Was that the burden that came with being a
leader? That came with being ‘extraordinary’?
What could she do to shoulder the burden with him?

As they marched, the sun moved in the sky. Afternoon turned to evening as it began setting
on the horizon, bathing the Italian landscape in a fiery glow. At an order from Asisculus, the
soldier stopped and brought out shovels and various other tools. Immediately setting to work,
they dug a perimeter ditch in a large rectangular area while using the excavated earth to form
impromptu walls. Meanwhile, various soldiers took axes and marched into the nearby forest
for lumber.
In the meantime, other soldiers began setting up tents, keeping everything in tight formation.
Yet more brought out other supplies from the wagons they were carting. Any offer of help
died in the mouths of the Masters as they watched with astonishment at the sheer efficiency
of everything being built.
“Right, Romans were really good at making encampments,” Joan remarked, scratching the
back of her head casually. “The book said something about that.”

Before long, as the sun dipped over the horizon, campfires were set up as various soldiers
were assigned patrols and watches. The Chaldean group stuck together as they ate, having
their rations so they wouldn’t dig into the Romans’ already precarious food reserves. It was a
quick dinner and nobody felt much like talking, with the Romans constantly staring at them
and the exhaustion from the march catching up with them.
Frankly, for Ren and Morgana, it felt like being back in Shujin all over again – a sensation
neither of them relished or wished.
The Chaldeans were given their own set of tents – one for Ren and Morgana, and one for
Ritsu and Mash. They were situated right next to the emperor’s grander tent, at her orders.
Other than that, they weren’t given much else in terms of amenities, which was just fine –
they still had their sleeping bags from their various supplies, after all.
Ren relaxed inside his tent, lit only by the campfire burning outside. It was quickly getting
dark but his eyes easily adjusted to it all. Morgana had decided to wander around the camp
and keep eyes and ears out in his cat form, leaving him alone. The conversation with Mash
had him thinking once more of… home? Was it really home now that he thought about it?
The month he had been back felt far less like home than it ever did. Not even his bed – softer
as it was – felt as comfortable.
No matter how he thought of it, Tokyo had become his home in the end. The dusty attic in
LeBlanc with the permanent smell of coffee. All the friends he had made there. A family that
consisted of Sojiro and Futaba. All the different spots they would hang out in, including their
hangouts. Over and over again, he thought if he truly wanted to go ‘home’, but that
conversation had solidified things for him.
Of course, that was a decision for when everything had been resolved. For now, there was
much to do.
“You are still awake, Master?”
The Phantom Thief blinked as Medusa appeared before him in a shower of golden light. He
smiled up at her and waved. “A bit too early for me to get to bed just yet,” he replied. “It’s
kinda hard to tell the time though. Guess I’m more used to modern lighting than I thought.”
Medusa nodded. “Modern society seems to have very little need for sleep,” she agreed. “But
rest is necessary with trying times ahead. Would you like me to assist with that?”
Ren blinked in surprise, then grinned. “Well, if you’re offering, I’m certainly not refusing,”
he answered easily. Standing up, he slipped off his white coat, revealing the black t-shirt
underneath, and laid down on his stomach on the sleeping bag. Medusa stepped forward,
knelt, and began kneading Ren’s muscles, easily controlling the strength in her fingers as she
found out the knots and began working them out.
“You are under considerable stress,” the Servant murmured as she continued working on him.
“There is no small amount of stiffness in your muscles.”

Chuckling, Ren waved it off. “Yeah, got that all the time,” he replied easily, grunting and
sighing in relaxation as she worked on certain points of his back. “But trust me, what you’re
doing right now is helping immensely. I’ve been meaning to ask you to do this more but I’ve
been kinda preoccupied lately.”
“That is understandable,” Medusa murmured. “But do not hesitate to call upon my services,
Master. I will do what is needed.”
“Noted,” Ren grunted out.
They were silent for a while as the Rider kept massaging her Master, illuminated only by the
crackling campfire outside the tent. “Master,” Medusa murmured. “Permission to speak about
something privately?”
The Master again blinked in surprise, trepidation quickly mounting. “Um, sure?” he asked
hesitatingly. “What’s on your mind.
The Servant spoke again, this time with her mind. “Why did you reject a possible paradise?”
she asked.
She immediately felt her Master’s body stiffen at the question. “… You eavesdropped on me
and Morgana after the debriefing, didn’t you?” he asked, his tone carefully neutral as he
responded with his own thoughts.
Medusa hesitated, then reluctantly nodded as she continued massaging Ren. Despite the fact
that Ren hadn’t moved from her grasp, she knew that he was more than ready to spring into
action despite everything. “Forgive me, Master,” she murmured. “I simply sensed there was
more to your story than what you told during the debriefing and wished to know. There is no
one talking here except the two of us. It is simply my curiosity.”
There was a moment of silence before Ren sighed, both mentally and physically – and not in
relaxation, despite the massage. “There’s really not much to tell,” he replied. “There was
someone who was just at the right place and the right time – or wrong place and wrong time,
depending on how you interpret it – and he was given the power to do anything he wanted.
He used it to grant everyone’s dreams and desires. Even… even impossible ones.”
“Impossible ones?” Medusa asked.
Ren hesitated. “He could bring back people that had passed away,” he reluctantly admitted.
“They weren’t real, just… copies made from memories. But they were real enough.”
He felt Medusa’s hands stop moving. Glancing over, he noticed that her body was stiff and
tense. He couldn’t see her eyes thanks to her blindfold, but what he felt and saw were clues
enough to her reaction. This was why he didn’t want to tell anyone about it. “And why did
you reject it?” she asked again. Her tone carried a note of agitation despite very obviously
trying to control it.
“Because in the end, it wasn’t our world,” Ren replied. “We may struggle, we may trip and
fall, but that’s how we grow and develop. My best friends came from the struggles and battles

we had together. It may have been a ‘perfect’ world but… it wasn’t our world. No one could
reach true happiness that way.”
“And what of the impossible dreams and desires?” the Rider pressed. “How did the ones with
those react?”
Ren gulped. All his friends had ‘impossible’ dreams, come to think of it. Ryuji’s leg was
perfectly fine and he was still in track. Ann had Shiho back and they were both perfectly
happy. Makoto had her dad and was a happy family with her and Sae. Yusuke had Madarame
as a perfect mentor figure as opposed to the con artist that killed his mother. Futaba had her
mother back after all her trauma, with Sojiro as a dad. Haru’s dad had become a considerate
businessman that Haru was happy to learn and support as opposed to a corrupt, sacrificing
scumbag. Morgana even had a human form like he had always wanted.
But Sumire and Akechi… Sumire would’ve become Kasumi permanently. She even wanted
it. And Akechi wanted absolutely nothing to do with the paradise, for good or ill. Two
opposite extremes. Maruki’s words rang out in his mind.

—--

“In all honesty, it’s best for a person’s growth when they tackle their own hardships,” Maruki
ground out. “But reality doesn’t always make that so feasible! No matter how much you try or
work for so long, the smallest injustice can wipe it all out, leave you with nothing!”

The doctor stared at Joker pleadingly, begging him to see his truth. “Don’t you, of all people,
understand that?!” he demanded.

—--

Ren could only sigh. “They… accepted it and moved on how they could,” he replied quietly.
“If you’re asking me if I did the right thing or not, I can’t tell you. We thought we did. But I
know there’s a lot of people who will probably disagree with us. We made our choice though,
and we won’t – and can’t – take it back.”
Medusa was silent as she considered his words. “And what about you, Master?” she asked.
“What would your ideal world be like?”
That question caught him off guard. His ideal world? He thought about it. When Maruki drew
him into his world, he was the only one who really noticed that the world was off-kilter and
quickly pieced together what was going on. The only real difference in Maruki’s world

compared to the real world was the presence of Akechi – who, true to form, demanded that
Ren fight.
If there was one thing he knew about Akechi, it was that he refused to be tied down by
anyone else. Ironic that now he was the host of a trickster god.
“I don’t know,” Ren admitted. “The closest I have is a world where I have my friends and
family with me, no matter what comes my way. It’s… certainly more achievable than many
others, admittedly, but there’s not much else I want. The only thing I knew was that world
wasn’t the right thing to do in the end, even if – IF – it could grant everyone happiness, no
matter how true or false it seemed. It was just our decision in the end.”
The Rider was silent as she considered his words. “You are more selfish than I had expected,
Master,” she murmured, her tone quiet and neutral.
Ren said nothing as the Servant stood up and left, vanishing as she stepped out of the tent,
leaving the Phantom Thief to the darkness and his thoughts.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more. Come join the fun!
https://discord.gg/JTPYEwXv

Chapter 47: United Roman Empire
Chapter Summary

Everything goes according to plan - until it doesn't.

Chapter Notes

Happy Memorial Day, fellow Muricans! Have a chapter! If you're not Murican... have a
chapter anyway!
TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Please contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Trips to the Velvet Room never caught Ren off-guard anymore, with how frequently he had
been called to it. The duration between the times he had been called varied, but it always
came sooner or later. Frankly, whenever he went to bed, he always expected a Velvet Room
visit. Each and every time, he heard the Velvet Room before he saw it – the music reached his
ears before he even opened his eyes once more.
And it was the case once again. Ren opened his eyes, the soft blue fabric of the walls and the
music greeting him once more. Getting up, he easily stepped out of the jail cell and as usual,
Igor, Lavenza, and Olga were awaiting him. The Master of the Velvet Room looked up at Ren
as his perpetual grin widened. “Welcome back, my dear guest,” he greeted cordially once
more. “Your adventures have certainly taken you to some far-flung locales – from medieval
France during the Hundred Years War to the reign of Emperor Nero in Ancient Rome. But the
Velvet Room as always is at your disposal.”
Lavenza stepped forward, smiling. “And with this new singularity, there are new personas
you can now summon, my Trickster,” she supplied. Opening up the Compendium, there were
more glowing transparent pages amidst the solid pages and the burnt ones. “And because of
their stronger bond these personas have with the time period,” she continued. “They shall
also be stronger here as well. Please, utilize this strength as you will.”
Ren blinked in surprise and nodded in understanding. Indeed, leafing through the
Compendium, he could see some familiar names like Cerberus, Dionysus, and Narcissus.
Right. As he recalled, the Roman Empire basically ripped from Greek mythology almost
wholesale, with some changes and additions here and there. That was probably enough of a

connection for them to be summoned once more. He could still see the other personas from
the France singularity – Angel, Metatron, Satan, and others. It was reassuring to see he was
regaining his powers bit by bit.
He glanced over and saw Olga with her arms crossed, very determinedly NOT looking at
him. “Something the matter, Olga?” he asked out of curiosity.
The Attendant-in-training turned even more resolutely away from Ren. “Nothing you need to
concern yourself about, Amamiya,” she replied curtly. “Summon what personas you need and
leave so I can attend to my personal learning and projects.”
The Phantom Thief could only blink in surprise as Lavenza frowned at Olga. “Come now, it
is unbecoming to be so rude to the Trickster,” the smaller Velvet Room attendant
admonished. “I recognize that you are not getting nearly as much attention from him as he
cannot access the Velvet Room freely, but that does not mean he deserves such treatment-“
Olga immediately turned as red as an apple. “Wh-wh-wh-I have no idea what you speak of!”
she yelled, glaring down at Lavenza. “I do NOT require his attention! You may be my senior
and I truly respect you but that does NOT give you the right to slander me so! I am simply
impatient to continue with this mission and believe he should be continuing his missions as
opposed to wasting so much time, therefore-“
As the two Attendants continued to argue, Ren could only look confusedly between the two
before looking questioningly at Igor. The Master of the Velvet Room simply shrugged. “It
would appear that Olga has seen your more… recent actions, particularly that with emperor
Nero,” he explained. “And as a result, she is rather beside herself now. It is nothing to worry
about, my dear guest. It will subside in time. Though for her sake, it may be advisable to visit
her more often.”
The aforementioned girl immediately whipped about, her eyes wide in betrayal. “Master?!”
she squeaked as her face somehow turned an even redder hue. Igor simply let out a chuckle
as Olga struggled to form words Ren had to admit it was kind of hilarious and adorable to
see.
Ren raised his hands in surrender. “Alright, alright,” he acceded, quickly drawing Olga’s
attention once more. “I’ll visit more often just to hang out. It’s the Velvet Room so time’s not
exactly like it is outside anyway. Will that work out?”
Olga blinked in surprise and immediately turned away to avoid meeting Ren’s gaze. “Ththat’s quite unnecessary,” she stammered, gripping her arms as she crossed them again. “Bbut if you wish to meet more regularly so that I may give you more guidance, th-then I’m not
opposed to it. You’ll need all the help you can get, after all, be it in magecraft or dealing with
the Moonlit World.”
The Phantom Thief grinned in relief. “Thanks, Olga,” he replied earnestly. That knowledge
honestly would prove extremely handy when dealing with the other Chaldean staff. Though
he was on good terms with the Servants, as well as Roman and Da Vinci, he wasn’t blind to
the glares he had been getting from the others. Frankly, the more he can minimize the conflict

back at Chaldea, the better. And unlike with Shujin, he had a chance to possibly nip things in
the bud with support. Such an opportunity was invaluable.
Lavenza smiled and nodded in approval – then blinked in surprise as Ren reached over to
gently pat her on the head. “And of course, I’ll come see you too, Lavenza,” he added,
smiling down at her. “We really haven’t had much of a chance to talk all that much, with
everything that’s been happening. Sorry about that, Lavenza.”
The girl blinked again, before smiling, gently taking Ren’s hand in both of her own. “Please,
do not apologize, my Trickster,” she replied softly. “You have been beset by trials far beyond
the ‘rehabilitation’ you had undergone. I marvel at your strength and determination to see it
through, no matter the circumstances. Nevertheless, I am glad you shall visit more often. I
look forward to it, my dear Trickster.”
Lavenza smiled gladly up at Ren, who responded in kind. Out of the corner of his eye, he
could see Olga also smiling fondly too, which surprised him. It seemed her and Lavenza got
along without too much trouble, thankfully. Lavenza gently let go of Ren’s hand as he
nodded. “Right, enough standing around,” he declared. “Let’s get to summoning.”
Olga simply shook her head – though she was smiling – as Lavenza’s smile widened. “Of
course, my Trickster,” she said.
The morning had not yet arrived, the orange rays of the sun peeking over the horizon. The air
was cool from the night, though not uncomfortably so. Soldiers marched throughout the
camp, either on patrols or getting out of bed to get ready for the day’s march. They would
reach Florence by mid afternoon if they left early enough, and so they were all getting ready.
It would be some time before they got to marching, but it was just a matter of time.
Ritsu rubbed her arms as she yawned. Thanks to going to bed earlier than usual, she had
gotten up earlier than usual as well. Rubbing her eyes, she blinked as she strode through the
camp. She had been sharing a tent with Mash, but the shielder was absent when she woke up.
When she asked a nearby soldier, he told her that she went outside with their red-coated ally,
who could only be Archer.
Walking by a campfire, she flinched as she heard a whetstone against the blade of a gladius.
Although she had disguised it well enough, the events of the day before had gotten to her.
Seeing soldiers like that spill blood so wantonly, and even charge at her with the intent to
kill… it unnerved her. The sound of metal nearby caused her to lick her lips nervously.
She slapped her own cheeks several times. No, no, she couldn’t be afraid NOW, not when
this was her first mission! She was fighting alongside the Phantom Thieves! She had to show
her stuff, literally and figuratively!
As she walked outside the impromptu fortifications, she heard the sound of metal crashing.
Immediately, shivers went down her spine as she was involuntarily reminded of the other day.
Still, she forced down her fear and did what she could to listen carefully. On closer listening,
it sounded like singular bits of metal – though they were impacting very, very fast.

Well, if that wasn’t the indication of Servants, she didn’t know what was.
Walking down, she came across a pond where the soldiers had been drawing water. On the
nearby shore, Archer and Mash were clashing. Honestly, in a way it was comical – the shy,
surprisingly scantily clad Mash (who rocked that outfit, by the way) wielding a shield much
larger and heavier than she was, clashing against a lean, muscular man easily a head taller
than she was with short swords.
However, the speed and harshness they clashed against each other was more hilarious in the
sense of ‘utterly inhuman’. Both of them darted in and out, sword meeting shield in a blaze of
sparks, backing off for some distance, then reengaging again. It was honestly hypnotizing to
watch.
“You’re still focused too much on your shield,” Archer admonished as they backed off. “It’s a
valuable weapon but it leaves you oblivious to your surroundings. Keep light on your feet
and maintain awareness as you fight.”
“Yes Archer,” Mash dutifully called back before charging in again. Ritsu honestly didn’t
know how Archer could constantly navigate around Mash’s huge shield, but he kept
maneuvering around her and striking whenever she was exposed as she attacked. Then again,
that was probably why she was training with Archer: So she could learn.
Honestly, seeing her train so dutifully put a proud smile on her face. She remembered when
Mash was so… emotionless at worst and painfully shy at best. Both Roman and her tried
their best to coax more out of Mash but it was slow going. It seemed that being around Ren,
Morgana, and the Servants were the best thing to have happened to her, circumstances
notwithstanding.
She stretched and yawned – and saw something in the distance in the nearby forest. It didn’t
seem to be hostile but she couldn’t get the image out of her mind. Curious, she decided to
head towards it. As the sight got clearer and clearer, her eyes widened as she began walking
faster toward it. Well, she certainly wasn’t expecting this so early in the morning.
Ren huffed as he lifted himself up and down the tree branch. Push-ups were good and all, but
frankly he needed more routine with his exercises. He went for a jog around the encampment
multiple times (he had to thank Ryuji for all the tricks and training in running), went outside,
and began doing his tried-and-true workout: Pull-ups.
It certainly reminded him of those times he did them back in LeBlanc. Sojiro caught him
once or twice, but aside from grumbling about how he was going to make the café smell like
sweat, he never stopped him. Morgana was nearby, dozing on the grass. They had discussed
last night and Morgana thought it would be a good idea to not leave him alone for at least a
bit. That was fine with Ren – he could use the company.
“Twenty-three,” he grunted out. “Twenty-four… twenty-five…” Then he felt eyes on him,
staring intensely. At first, he thought an enemy had snuck up on him, but then realized it
didn’t feel like an enemy. It wasn’t even mild hostility like it was in Shujin. It was just a
ridiculous amount of intensity. It was coming from the direction of the camp, which he was
facing away from. Now he was curious what it was.

Deciding to confront it, he let go of the tree branch and landed easily on the ground. He
rolled his shoulders to try and get rid of the soreness. He turned around and… immediately
saw who it was. “Oh, hey Ritsu,” he greeted cordially. “Didn’t expect to see you up and about
so early. Did you sleep well…” Ren’s words trailed off when he realized that she wasn’t
meeting his eyes – for a very specific reason. Instead, she was looking a bit further down.
At his body.
Which was bare and glistening with sweat from his workout.
Ren cleared his throat, blushing a bit. “My eyes are up here,” he pointed out.
“I have made my decision,” Ritsu replied solemnly, not taking her eyes off him whatsoever.
He heard Morgana chuckling nearby. He had to sigh. Well, it seemed like this would be an
interesting morning already.
The morning swiftly passed as the army quickly packed up everything – tents, blankets, food,
and more. The pack animals had been able to graze around them as well, allowing for a rested
army to keep marching. Once more, the Chaldeans were in the front, marching close to
emperor Nero as they walked down the stone pathways toward Florence. It had been late
morning when they finally hit the road again.
Morgana yawned as he walked beside Ren and the others in his Metaverse form. He had
stayed in the form as much as he could to further get acclimatized to it and to train his
circuits. He would rather be in cat form, but given how dangerous the singularities were, he
couldn’t afford to. Honestly, it felt more and more like being in his Metaverse form was
becoming the default nowadays. It was certainly an odd feeling.
He could still remember whenever he took this form, it usually meant running through the
fantastical halls of Palaces or the dark tunnels of Mementos. Now he was in the real world in
this form. Sure, Chaldea, medieval France, and ancient Rome were fantastical places in of
themselves, but they were mundane in comparison.
Admittedly, he felt out of place, all things considered.
“Hey, Nero?”
His friend’s voice shook him out of his ruminations as he glanced up in curiosity. The
emperor turned back, beaming at Ren. “What is on your mind, auxiliary?” she asked
cheerfully. Ritsu and Mash were on the other side of the marching column chatting away, and
therefore couldn’t hear them. He noticed her glancing off to the side though.
Following her gaze, Morgana saw Archer. He had been keeping watch and doing
reconnaissance for the army. The fact that he was still scanning the horizon as opposed to
focusing on any certain points was probably enough for Nero to know there weren’t any
enemies approaching.

“Did you sleep well?” Ren asked, frowning in concern.
Morgana blinked in surprise at the question before looking closer at her. Underneath Nero’s
eyes were dark shadows that he hadn’t noticed before. His instinct almost caused him to
admonish her, but he held his tongue. He doubted the emperor would appreciate being
lectured by him, no matter how much ‘respect’ she showed him the other day.
Why oh why did they have to sound like each other?!
Nero blinked in surprise, her smile dimming a bit before renewing. “Ah, you are truly
perceptive, auxiliary,” she noted. “I’ll admit, I haven’t had as much sleep as I would like. The
demands of an emperor take from before dawn to well past dusk. However!” She turned back
to her army. Turning around, Morgana quickly noticed that her army was paying attention to
her.
“Such a tiny sacrifice is but a trifle to the Emperor of Roses!” Nero declared. “Just as my
citizens, my men, and my generals have given your all, so shall I in turn! Together, we shall
be victorious and restore the glory of Rome once more! This is but the first step! My soldiers,
oh proud citizens of Rome, I ask of you: Will you fight for Rome and your emperor for a
brighter future?”
The soldiers roared in assent, almost deafening them as Nero’s grin became even wider. “As
expected!” she cried in approval. “Now, let us march!” Nero looked back at Ren and smiled.
“And you need not worry about my rest,” she added. “While everyone requires their beauty
sleep, my sleep is always beautiful, as much as I! Never fear!”
The Masters could only blink as the emperor turned back around and began marching once
more with everyone else. Morgana was surprised. He liked to think he had an eye for talented
individuals – indeed, many of Ren’s confidants came from his observation and advice – but
frankly, Servants were in another league altogether, both good and bad. And Nero… well, she
was certainly something.
He had to wonder – how would she compare to Artoria?
The catlike being hopped up on Ren’s shoulder. “She knows how to hype a crowd up, at
least,” he muttered. Ren nodded mutely with agreement. “I wonder if she’s like this all the
time,” he muttered so only Ren could hear. “I’m kinda surprised she hasn’t driven everyone
around her insane if she’s this exuberant all the time.”
“She isn’t,” Ren immediately answered, catching his attention. “Nero’s an emperor so she
can’t show weakness or weariness, especially not to her own people.” He glanced back at the
soldiers marching with them. “That’s why they still follow her, I think,” he murmured.
“When they’re with her, these soldiers probably feel like they could no matter what. I’m not
so sure about the legates but they’re still here despite everything. That’s gotta count for
something.”
Morgana could only blink at Ren’s rapid defense of the emperor. “Um, how did you guess all
that, Joker?” he asked. “Did you, like, talk to her or something? But I’ve been with you all
night except when you went to take a bath and we didn’t even see Ner… o….”

The realization dripped into his head at the same rate as his eyes slowly widening. “Wait a
second,” he said slowly. “Are you saying that… in the bath? Nero…. She… Joker?”
Ren was silent for a second. And then – “Oh, I need to check in with Archer about
something,” he rapidly said. “I’ll be right back, don’t wait for me, be back later.” Before
Morgana said anything, Ren grabbed him and put him down on the ground and dashed off.
“Wha –“ Morgana stammered. “No, we are NOT done talking! Get back here and explain
yourself, Ren Amamiya! COME BACK HERE!”
“Um, Mr. Morgana, what’s going on?” Mash asked as Ritsu and her came over after hearing
the commotion. An explanation and a couple seconds later….
“REEEEEN,” Ritsu screamed. “GET BACK HERE AND SHARE THE DEETS!
REEEEEEN!”
Ren could not be found for the rest of the march, to the exasperation and amusement of the
Servants.
The city of Florence lay beyond the horizon. It was smaller and less majestic than Rome, but
it held a certain beauty that the Chaldeans couldn’t deny. The buildings were a bit more
rustic, but they had an air of warmth and comfort to them, with surprisingly detailed designs
on the architecture. Unlike Rome, none of the buildings had been torn down nor were there
any makeshift barricades around the city. All in all, it lent an air of comfortable decadence
that they didn’t experience in Rome.
However, marring the beauty of the city were soldiers of the United Roman Empire arrayed
against them. They had taken positions outside of the city proper, arraying themselves into
columns of soldiers, bristling with spears and shields with archers in the back. It was clear
that they had been waiting for them out on the field. They also considerably outnumbered the
Roman forces.
Same situation as before, it seemed.
Asisculus scanned the field. “Hm, at least they’re Roman enough to not fight within the city,”
he huffed. “Less risk to citizens and less damage we’ll have to repair.”
Ren could’ve sworn that he saw Nero scowl for a split second as she observed the situation
before she grinned broadly once more. “Quite right, legate!” she cried. “Credit where credit is
due! Our forces are indeed Romans – perhaps not true Romans, but enough to know their
pride! I salute such honorable souls! And as such, it would be an insult to not meet them on
the field with honor!”
She wheeled about and faced her army. “Men, get into formation!” she declared “We shall
meet these interlopers in battle and show the might of the true Rome!”
As the legate began barking orders and the soldiers began organizing themselves into similar
columns, Nero turned towards the Chaldean group, who had congregated from their positions

together. “And auxiliaries, I have no direct orders to give you,” she stated. “I do not know
your full capabilities, so I do not know how to best utilize your strengths. Act as you see fit
and secure our victory.”
Ren nodded. “Thank you for your confidence in us, emperor Nero,” he replied. “Don’t worry,
we’ll do all we can to win.”
Nero grinned and nodded before walking off to attend to her troops. Meanwhile, the
Chaldeans gathered. “This will be an easy matter,” Archer observed. “I do not see any
Servants or monsters among them. It will be much like the first skirmish when we first
entered the singularity – trained and disciplined as the Roman legions are, they are no match
for a Servant, let alone four of them.”
Ritsu nodded. “In that case, let’s just win this thing and go home,” she responded
enthusiastically.
“Wait,” Morgana interrupted. “This seems straightforward enough, but I can’t shake the
feeling there’s something else going on here.” Frowning, he looked over at Nero’s forces as
their red banners began coming up, the cloth flapping in the air. He glanced over at the
United Roman Empire forces and at their purple banners in turn and made his judgement.
“We gotta hold back a bit,” he declared.
That caught everyone off-guard. “Wouldn’t it be more prudent to defeat the opponent as
quickly as possible?” Mash asked, her eyebrows frowning in confusion. “It would bring the
battle to a decisive end and minimize casualties.”
“Cat’s got a point,” Joan grumbled, stepping forward and crossing her arms. “It’s not about
just winning or losing – it’s a matter of pride. If we came in and wiped them out like
leftovers, it’s gonna stick in the soldiers’ craws. No doubt the emperor would be pleased as
hell but honestly, I’d be watching our backs if we went all out and took them all out.”
The shielder gawked. “But we are here as their allies,” she protested. “Why would they turn
against us, especially if we gave them such a victory?”
Loki, who up to that point had been silent, snorted. “Because pride and idiocy are always
constants among people,” they derisively replied. “They’d sooner bury a blade in our backs
than feel like they have to bend their pride – either literally or figuratively. Still, they’ll
probably grumble that we’re not fighting as hard as we could and caused them to take more
casualties than they have to.”
They shrugged and grinned sardonically. “What’s the old saying?” he finished. “’Damned if
you do, damned if you don’t.’ We’re not gonna score a lot of popularity points either way
with the Romans besides the emperor.”
They all considered it. Medusa almost imperceptibly turned toward Ren. “What are your
orders, Master?” he murmured.
All eyes turned toward the Phantom Thief. It was a feeling Ren knew all too well, when his
friends were relying on him to make the final call for their plans and decisions. It was a lot of

pressure, but in a way, it still felt as nostalgic as ever. Now it was time.
He thought for a second, then nodded. “We can’t afford to have our allies distrust us so early,
even if we have to cater to their pride,” he decided. “Caster, Archer, focus on suppressive fire
and deal with their archers. Avenger, take out the officers and commanders like you were
doing before. Rider, head around and slam into their flanks.”
Ren turned to the others. “Me, Mona, and Ritsu will stay back and keep a weather eye on the
situation,” he added. “Mash, Joan, you guys cover us in case someone decides we’re easy
pickings. With any luck, they’ll either ignore us or be drawn so much towards us that they’ll
leave themselves wide open. Either way works.”
He looked over at the group. “Alright, guys,” he finished. “Nero wants to see what we can
do, and we’re gonna give it to her.” The Phantom Thief felt a grin spread across his face – the
same smirk he always wore when it was time for a mission.
“It’s showtime.”
The battle had gone as quickly as everyone expected, even with the Servants holding back.
The considerable firepower of Archer and Caster spooked the enemy forces, which quickly
fell into disarray, accelerated by Loki butchering core members of the army while laughing
madly. Panicked shouts of a purple-haired wraith with chains slaughtering the flanks quickly
ran up and down the ranks, sowing further disarray within the soldiers.
On top of that, Nero, dressed in her resplendent golden armor once more, took the front lines.
Her beautiful greatsword cleaved through armor and shields like they weren’t even there.
Seeing their emperor fighting so hard, as well as the outsider auxiliaries giving them ample
support, only inspired the soldiers to fight harder as they crashed against the enemy forces.
However, as they fought, Ren frowned as he began picking up certain details. There weren’t
any fortifications he could see. A quick scan with the Third Eye didn’t show any
reinforcements or reserves waiting within the city, nor any ambushes awaiting them.
Something felt off, but he wasn’t sure what was going on.
Before long, the United Roman Empire was in a complete rout as they ran for the fields. Nero
gave strict orders to not give chase, as they were Romans still. The Masters relayed the same
orders to their own Servants. Thus, many of the enemy forces panicked and ran, dropping
their armor and gear to make themselves lighter as they made their escape.
The Phantom Thief watched them run, with only a few stray arrows falling to make sure they
kept running. For all of Nero’s talk of Roman pride, they certainly broke ranks and retreated
easily. Were they simply that effective? Or was something else happening? He had a lot of
questions, but he wasn’t sure where to get answers for them.
Remember, Ren – in a game, you don’t focus on the pieces. You focus on the player. Their
strategies, their moves. If you can predict those, then victory is all but certain.

The lesson came unbidden to his mind. Suddenly, he was sitting in the small church again,
with a prim and proper girl sitting across a shogi board from him. Then he blinked, and it was
gone.
He had to smile to himself. Even now, Hifumi’s lessons on strategy bore fruit, as they always
did. He saw recordings of her matches back on YouTube once she honed her skills properly
instead of her mother setting up her matches. She had come far indeed. He had to wonder
how she would’ve handled this battle in turn. Maybe even better than him.
But regardless, he knew the route he had to take next.
With victory secured, the Roman troops marched in to secure Florence. Casualties had been
extremely light thanks to the Chaldeans, allowing for enough manpower to take the city.
There hadn’t been any soldiers garrisoning, thankfully, nor did the lookouts spot any
reinforcements approaching. Aside from being barred from exiting their homes, the citizens
were unharmed. If any of them needed supplies the United Roman Empire apparently did
what they could to get it to them.
Once done, patrols and sentries were set, but otherwise the soldiers stayed at a barracks
nearby while Nero and her guard holed up in a deserted governor’s house nearby. Said
governor had been one of the first casualties of the resulting civil war and there hadn’t been
any time to instate anyone to his office so it hadn’t seen much use. At Nero’s insistence, the
Chaldeans were also set up at the estate – an easy feat, given the large number of bedrooms
and guest rooms available.
“Well, gotta admit, that went quicker than I thought,” Ritsu commented as they walked
through the courtyard to the house. Indeed, the battle had only taken a few minutes and had
been an overwhelming victory. None of the enemy soldiers had even tried to go after the
Masters – they couldn’t figure out which way was which to organize such a thing. While
Mash and Joan had been vigilant, there ultimately hadn’t been any threats to them.
Ren and Morgana nodded. “The faster the better,” Morgana said. “And at least there weren’t
any unnecessary casualties on either side – the enemy bailed pretty quickly when they got the
hint they weren’t gonna win.” Truth be told, seeing the United Roman Empire forces
slaughtered wholesale by their Servants and by Nero and her soldiers was not an experience
they wanted to experience again. The sight and sound of people dying, their lifeless corpses
falling to the ground or flung into the air…
As they had entered the city, the Masters made a wide berth around the battlefield, trying
hard not to look at the bodies as the Romans looted them for what supplies they could. It was
naïve, perhaps, and even foolish, given that the fights they were encountering would sooner
or later involve taking more lives. But just for a bit longer, they wanted to stave it off.
“Well, at least we’ve taken Florence back,” Ren replied lightly. “We should probably rest up
though. We’ve been on the march for a while and I dunno about you guys, but I’m sore as all
get out. What about you guys?”
“Um, I’m fine for now, Ren-senpai,” Mash spoke up. “Demi-Servants have better physical
capabilities than normal humans. I’m still ready to fight at any time if necessary.”

“Same with incarnated Servants, I guess,” Joan added, looking about disinterestedly.
“Well, la-dee-da for you two,” Ritsu grumbled as she massaged her own thighs. “I’m
exhausted and my legs are killing me. Guess the adrenaline of the fight’s wearing off.
Maaaash, can you give me a massage please~?”
Mash blinked in surprise, utterly flustered. “Wha-senpai, I don’t think I-I can-!” she
stammered.
Ren chuckled. “Come on, Ritsu, don’t put Mash on the spot like that,” he admonished gently.
Ritsu pouted as the shielder shot Ren a very grateful glance. “That being said, Rider’s pretty
good at massages. Maybe she’ll give you one if you ask really nicely.”
The redhead’s eyes widened in excitement. In moments, she quickly walked off, very
obviously calling Medusa mentally for a massage. Ren had to shake his head. That girl
certainly moved at the beat of her own drum, didn’t she? He turned to see both Mash and
Morgana staring at her, Mash in utter surprise and Morgana with a very deadpan gaze.
“What?” he asked.
Morgana just sighed. “Keep your philandery in moderation, Joker,” he sighed.
The Phantom Thief just blinked in surprise, then chuckled. “Right, I’m gonna report to Nero
and see if she needs anything else from us,” Ren said. “You guys rest up. We probably have
another busy day tomorrow.”
The two blinked in surprise. “You don’t want us to come with?” Morgana asked.
Ren looked around for a second to make sure there wasn’t anyone nearby before drawing
close. “I don’t know why but the emperor seems to let her guard down around me a bit more
than others,” he murmured to them. “Nothing too bad but I think I can get more information
out of her if I head over alone. I’ll let you guys know what she says though.”
Mash’s eyes widened in surprise. “Do you not trust her, senpai?” she asked nervously.
He immediately shook his head. “It’s not that,” he corrected. “Just… I don’t think she can
afford to be open overall. Being an emperor and a leader means putting your best face on at
all times. Because of that, she can’t easily share a lot of stuff she needs to. At least, that’s
how it seemed to me when we conversed in the bath.”
Ren glanced in the direction of Nero’s room. “Or maybe I’m just overthinking things,” he
admitted, shrugging a bit lamely. He gave a reassuring smile to the two of them. “I’ll be fine
guys. Worst case, I get nothing. Best case, I get some more info we can work with.”
Morgana frowned in concern. “… Alright,” he said after a moment of hesitation. “But the
minute it gets dangerous, I’m coming to help. I don’t care if we share the same voice or
whatever, I’m not letting you get hurt again if I can help it.”
“Same here, Ren-senpai,” Mash also declared. “I will immediately rush to your side if
necessary. But please, stay safe.”

The Phantom Thief looked between the two, smiling in gratitude. “Thanks guys,” he replied.
“I’ll see you in a few.”
With that, he went up the stairs to the second floor. Walking down the hall, he quickly found
Nero’s room – the one with the guards posted in front of it. The soldier glanced at Ren. “You
have business, auxiliary?” he asked.
“Just reporting to the emperor and seeing if she needs anything from us,” Ren answered
honestly.
The guard nodded and knocked on the door. “Auxiliary Ren Amamiya requests an audience,”
he stated.
There was a moment of silence. Then Nero answered, “Send him in. And you two guards are
dismissed for the evening.”
That caused all three to blink in surprise. “Imperator, is that wise?” the other guard asked,
turning in concern at the door.
“I trust the auxiliary,” came the muffled reply. “Send him in and leave us.”
The guards could only look between the two of them, then marched off, giving Ren last
glances. Before long, the Phantom Thief was left alone at the door. Gulping, he remembered
his lessons with Yoshida and the time he had with Nero in the bath. Worst case scenario, he
could use his personas and get himself out of there if necessary. “I’m coming in,” he called
out before entering the room.
The bedchamber was elaborately decorated with art on walls and ceilings, with a plush bed
against the wall in the middle. A mirror made of silver was mounted on the wall, as well as
expertly carved furniture and dressers. The room had the faint scent of perfume, despite not
having anything giving off the aroma. An open balcony with a view of the countryside was
connected as well, giving a lovely view. It was truly a decadent room.
Thus, the maps and the reports that sat on the table nearby were thrown into sharper contrasts
compared to the luxurious room. Spread and strewn about, it was clear that Nero had been
poring over them for quite some time. A plate of half-eaten food sat nearby as well. She had
certainly been occupied.
Speaking of the emperor, she was in her red dress once more, having taken off her golden
armor after the battle had been over. She was leaning over the railing of the balcony, a goblet
in hand, which she then took another swig of. Ren suddenly had flashbacks of Ohya at the
Crossroads and internally sighed in exasperation. Great. The more things change…
“Nero,” he called out quietly.
The emperor turned around. Her cheeks were flushed from the alcohol as she beamed. “Ah,
auxiliary,” she called out cheerfully. “You and your allies have fought well today! I commend
your valor and your strength!” She chuckled as she took another gulp of the wine. “Ah, if our
battles were always this easy, we’d win in no time!”

Ren forced a smile. He hated dealing with drunkards. “That’s a lot of praise, emperor,” he
responded. “We’ll do what we can. I’m guessing you’re just celebrating the victory of
recapturing Florence?”
Nero glanced up at him with a wry smile. “Does it look like I’m celebrating?” she asked
genuinely, then she let out a chuckle, this one sounded a lot more bitter than her tone just a
few seconds ago. “No, of course it does to you,” she grumbled as she took another sip of the
wine. “You only recently got here. How would you have known or realized?”
That caught the Master off-guard as he furrowed his eyebrows. “Realized… what?” he asked
slowly.
She beckoned him over as she walked toward the table with the maps. Taking out wooden
pieces from a cloth bag nearby, she set them up. Ren quickly realized what it was: A map of
Florence, with the wooden pieces representing their battle from today.
“The soldiers there met us in open combat,” Nero explained, pointing them out. “They had
set up no fortifications, no ambushes, or even harried us. Instead, it was a smooth march right
to them. There weren’t even any incoming reinforcements or defensive maneuvers into the
city itself. No, they simply fought us, then retreated when the battle wasn’t going their way.”
Ren stilled at her words. Coming to the emperor was the right call - like Hifumi said, focus
on the player, not the board. And the emperor had the view of the entire game
“They probably weren’t expecting us to counterattack so quickly, I guess,” he suggested
optimistically. “So we caught them off guard. That’s a good thing, right? We simply hit them
when they weren’t ready.” He might be missing something, but perhaps it was better to
remain optimistic for now.
A glare from her shot that down. “Don’t be a fool, auxiliary,” she muttered. “The Roman
legions have been disciplined and trained from sunrise to sunset for strict military maneuvers.
This also includes engineering and hard labor so that they can create makeshift fortifications
at any time. And honorable or not, no competent or sane commander would give up the
protection of the city itself when they could use it to funnel their enemies in and butcher
them.”
Considering how quickly the Romans built their camp the night before as well as all the
makeshift walls that surrounded Rome itself, Ren couldn’t exactly deny that. “Then maybe
their commander was incompetent then?” he said. “They got cocky and made mistakes that
led to them losing. A lot of battles are lost because of that.”
Nero nodded. “Well noted,” she complimented as she picked up a sheath of papers and
handed it over to him. “Now read these,” she ordered as she took another drink of the wine.
Blinking in surprise, Ren quickly skimmed the reports. They were similar situations: Poor
planning or strategizing on the United Roman Empire’s part, reckless mistakes or sitting
around and letting key opportunities to attack pass by. It was an embarrassing cavalcade of all
their military errors.

“Huh,” Ren mused as he flipped through them. “They don’t seem to be well led at best. And
aren’t these guys supposed to be led by Julius Caesar and Leonidas? Maybe those two
weren’t as bad as we thought they were and history played them up?”
Scoffing, the emperor waved the notion off. “Were that the case, they would not be nearly the
well-known legends they are now,” Nero replied, taking yet another drink before going to the
jug and refilling her goblet.
“You see their campaign – mistake after mistake after mistake,” she snapped. “And yet,
we’ve had to recapture Florence and fight an incursion to Rome itself! One that has all the
makings of a follow-up once they send the manpower or reinforcements to do so! And here
we are, all my men fighting with all their heart and soul, and my legates, coming up with any
strategy or tactics to fend them off for just one more day? And for what?!” She took a hearty
swig.
The realization began setting in, and it felt like someone splashed ice-cold water against
Ren’s back. “What… what are you saying?” he asked, wanting to know for certain.
Nero turned to Ren. As drunk as she was, her green eyes were crystal clear as she met his
shocked grey ones.
“I mean that the United Roman Empire isn’t even trying,” she growled. “And yet, they are
still winning.”

Chapter End Notes

Once more, Discord here:
https://discord.gg/58SUYtEJ

Chapter 48: Counter
Chapter Summary

Circumstances can change - and they often do.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Update when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Mash walked along the halls of the governor’s house, her eyebrows furrowed in concern. She
had just received a telepathic communication from Ren-senpai to gather in Ritsu-senpai’s
room. He wouldn’t be calling if it wasn’t something serious. And he did promise to inform
them of what him and Nero talked about. But serious enough to summon the other Servants
as well? That was a different case altogether. Even Loki was summoned to the gathering,
despite everyone else’s clear reservations.
She wasn’t sure what to make of the Avenger. Absolutely no one liked Loki, not even Ritsu
who normally seemed to like everyone, especially the Servants. It was made more
complicated by the fact that the trickster god took the body of Goro Akechi, whom Rensenpai held a complicated relationship with. She was confused how it could come about.
How would she even define it? They had fought together and spent time together, so they
were friends? But Akechi betrayed him so they were enemies? Yet Ren-senpai wanted to save
him regardless?
Humanity was more complicated than she expected. She thought she learned quite a bit
already from Roman’s lessons and conversing with Ren, but obviously there was a lot more
she had to learn.
The shielder glanced in the direction of Nero’s room. She wondered what Ren-senpai and the
emperor were talking about. Ever since she heard that the two shared a bath together (a
complete accident by Ren-senpai’s account), she felt uneasy. She wasn’t precisely sure why,
overall. Just a tight feeling in her chest whenever she thought about it, and an overwhelming
desire to stand by her senpai’s side.
Was it because she wanted to protect him? Well, that was part of it, but that didn’t make sense
– he was in no danger, and even if he was, he was more than capable. No, she simply wanted

to stand by him and learn from him. And perhaps, like before, being able to stand equally
beside him. She wasn’t there yet, and frankly, she wasn’t sure if she would. Every tale, every
deed of his seems to widen the gap between them.
To that end, she did what she could to improve herself. Sparring with various Servants.
Learning about strategy and tactics from Artoria and Archer. She even tried to get Roman to
teach her more medical knowledge so that she could act as a field medic if need be. Sure, she
had healing scrolls made from other magi but they were of limited supply, and who knows if
they would be readily available. Unfortunately, the doctor had simply been too busy to do so,
which at least she can accept.
Thus, she plunged back into her studies. Pulling up the archives on her computer, she had
pored over ‘personas’ and ‘shadows’ and other terms. She quickly immersed herself in the
works of Carl Jung in order to understand more. But the more she learned, the more she had
questions. How did Ren-senpai and Mr. Morgana’s powers ultimately work? How could they
match that of a Servant?
The charisma to charm everyone around him, even queens and emperors. The knowledge to
keep up with their thoughts and stratagems. The bravery to plunge into danger despite being a
‘mere’ human who possessed extraordinary capabilities. The skill to keep up with Servants in
combat and technique. How did Ren-senpai learn all of that? Was he some sort of prodigy?
Maybe even a heroic spirit in the making?
The shielder shook her head. No, she couldn’t focus on those thoughts. They weren’t relevant
or pertinent. Right now, there was a meeting she needed to attend. If Ren-senpai was calling
it after meeting with the emperor, then it must be something serious.
“Oh? Fancy seeing you here.”
Mash whirled around in surprise to see Loki leaning up against a pillar. As usual, a smirk was
on their face as their mischievous auburn eyes lazily gazed at her. She gulped, trying to
steady her nerves. Aside from being surprised, she couldn’t deny there was an air of menace
around Loki – one she found rather uncomfortably familiar, forcing her to suppress her
revulsion.
“Ren-senpai called for a meeting,” she explained, keeping her gaze steady as she prepared to
summon her shield at any time. “Are you not joining us, Avenger?”
Loki smirked. “Your worship of our Master is honestly adorable to watch,” they commented.
“It’s rather amusing. But to answer your question, not quite yet. I’m keeping a lookout.”
That caught the shielder by surprise. “A lookout?” she inquired.
The Avenger rolled their eyes. “You think someone won’t notice all the ‘foreigners’ heading
into one room, especially after their leader met with the emperor?” they asked in an
exasperated tone. “Just making sure no one sees what they don’t need to.”
“And… what do you do if someone does come around?” she asked with trepidation.

The trickster god’s smile widened. “Why, ask them politely to turn around of course!” they
replied simply. “You would be quite surprised how persuasive I can be when I wish to be.”
Mash blinked again. As much as she didn’t want to believe Loki’s words, she couldn’t find
proof to the contrary. Her eyes darted about. Indeed, there was no sight or sound of soldiers
patrolling or keeping a lookout in the vicinity. She looked back at Loki, who was watching
her movements closely. The intenseness of their gaze made her even more uncomfortable.
“Um… is there something the matter, Avenger?” she innocently asked.
Loki didn’t answer her for a moment. For a moment, their smile was gone, replaced with a
small frown. “… no, it’s nothing,” they replied before turning away. “You should head to the
meeting. I will be joining you shortly after making sure no one else is watching.”
The shielder was caught off guard by the dismissal, but there was nothing more she could
say. She bowed a bit before walking off toward Ritsu-senpai’s room. She wasn’t sure what to
make of Loki at all. Perhaps she could talk to them more? Ren-senpai would advise against it.
Actually, everyone would, and she couldn’t find any reasonable arguments against it. But…
perhaps she might be able to approach one step closer to Ren-senpai that way.
Meanwhile, the trickster god watched the demi-Servant walked off. They blinked, and for a
second, Mash’s figure was replaced with a girl with long red hair, running off to meet her
senpai like a puppy dog. Then they blinked, and all they saw now was the shielder’s
silhouette fading away. They looked back up at the gleaming moon as they slowly morphed
into a more masculine form. A young man’s voice echoed in the air.
“I wonder what stories you could’ve told me.”
When Mash entered the room, she noticed several things at once. Ren-senpai was sitting in a
nearby chair, hunched over with a grim expression on his face. Morgana was perched up on
the armrest beside him, looking concerned for him. Tamamo was checking her talismans on
the walls to make sure their seals were properly implemented. To Mash’s side as she came in
was Archer, leaning on the wall beside the door.
what got her attention the most was the fact that Ritsu-senpai was currently laying down on
her belly on the bed, with Rider above her currently massaging her back. “Erm, Ritsusenpai?” she asked timidly. “Is this the right time for that?”
“Normally, I would agree with you, my dear Mashumallow,” Ritsu groaned out. “But Rider’s
massages are beyond divine. You should experience it for yourself – this is beyond heavily.”
She let out a groan as Rider worked on a particular part of that. “Agh – more of that if you
could,” Ritsu pointed out. “I’ve been feeling really sore and tense there.”
The shielder looked about in concern. Was it wise to utilize a Servant in such a manner? She
tried to see Rider’s reactions but as usual, her expressions were impossible to read, neither
showing pleasure nor displeasure at the matter. “Are you okay with this, Miss Rider?” Mash
asked, unsure of the Servant.

The taller woman faced the before focusing back on her task. “It is of no consequence,” she
murmured, her quiet voice somehow still easily carrying in the room. “It is a Servant’s duty
to attend to their Master’s commands. No more, no less. Our wills and wishes are irrelevant.”
That caused the redheaded Master to look up in concern. “Er, if you don’t want to do this,
you really don’t have to,” she worriedly replied. “I was just kinda whining about sore
muscles from the march. If it’s too much trouble, then you can just knock it off and I won’t
ask again.”
“Do not worry yourself overmuch, Masters,” Rider replied. “As I said, it is a Servant’s duty
to obey their Masters, even if the orders were to lead to certain death.” Ren, Ritsu, and
Morgana all looked up, outraged, and were opening their mouths to speak when Rider
continued. “That being said, I do not mind massaging you,” she said “It is a decent change of
pace. I am simply glad my Masters enjoy it.”
There was a moment’s pause as Ritsu flopped back onto the bed. “Well, just let us know if
you’re up for i-i-i-oooooh god yes that’s the spot,” she groaned out as Medusa worked on her
lower back.
Mash could only blink as the Servant continued with a faint smile on her face. Glancing over,
Ren-senpai and Mr. Morgana had relaxed and were smiling as well, alleviating the mood of
the room a bit. It soon grew heavy again as Loki stepped in. Immediately, Ren and Morgana
stiffened at the sight of the Avenger. The shielder noticed that the trickster god had taken a
male form this time.
Loki smirked at the two Phantom Thieves. “You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” they said in
mock concern. “What ever is the matter? You should be used to this by now – you’re
surrounded by them, after all.”
“Cut the chatter, Loki,” Archer cut in, glaring at the Avenger. “We don’t have the time or
patience to deal with you right now. If the Masters have called us here, then it must be
serious.”
Waving his hand dismissively, Loki rolled their eyes. “Yes, yes, I know,” he drawled. “Such a
stick in the mud. If you must know, no one knows we’ve gathered here. I’ve already sent
away any soldiers that were in the vicinity. That should give us some time to work with.”
Morgana blinked in surprise. “What’d you do, Loki?” he asked sharply.
The Avenger raised his hands disarmingly. “I merely convinced them to leave,” they replied,
the smirk still never leaving their face. “Grab a snack, relieve themselves, check in with their
superior officer, what have you. They’re fairly lax when in their own territory, I found. It was
surprisingly easy work.”
The catlike being glared at him suspiciously as Ren glanced at Loki. “Thanks,” he said
shortly before turning to Tamamo. “Caster, are the seals up?” he asked.
The miko’s ear twitched as she finished looking over the talismans. “They’ve been in place
for a while, Master,” she confirmed. “And I’ve double checked – not a peep or glimpse will

escape this room. As you’ve requested, if they try listening in, they’ll only hear muffled
noises. If they look in, they’ll only see Master Ritsu here getting a massage.”
Ritsu looked up frowning. “Hey, is my dignity so cheeee-gah gah gah…” The redheaded
Master flopped back down in ecstasy as Rider worked out yet another knot of muscles. Ren
had to smirk for a bit. It was certainly a testament to his experience and will that he could
resist Medusa’s skilled fingers. Though frankly, seeing how Ritsu was enjoying it that much,
he was tempted to ask for one yet again.
But first, to business. Ren’s smile faded as he looked at the gathered Servants and Masters.
He reached over and turned on the communicator. Roman’s face appeared in a holographic
display. “Ren?” he asked. “I thought you’d be resting. What’s up?”
“The situation’s worse than we expected,” Ren stated grimly.
Everyone listened as Ren gave the briefing. It was short and to the point: Nero showing Ren
the various military failings of the United Roman Empire, the battle from earlier in the day
and how utterly unprepared they were… and the damning fact that the United Roman Empire
had spectacular leaders and therefore weren’t even trying, and yet Nero has been pushed to
the brink. It was a grim situation, to put it simply.
They all listened attentively, with Ritsu even sitting up partway through, her massage
completely forgotten as she frowned and digested the information. No one said anything as
Ren finished. Then…
“Does it ultimately matter?”
Everyone turned in surprise to Archer, who hadn’t expressed any shock whatsoever. “We
knew from the beginning that the emperor and her empire were in dire straits,” he explained.
“The fact that they were this lackadaisical about it only gives us more information and
leeway to work with. Frankly, whether they’re trying or not doesn’t matter in the end.”
Roman gawped. “Um, Archer? Weren’t you listening to Ren?” she asked incredulously. “The
fact that they aren’t trying means they CAN try, and if they DO try, then the empire is kaput!
We basically have our backs to the wall here because it’s only a matter of time before they
get serious!”
“True, it IS only a matter of time,” Archer agreed with a nod. “Therefore, we simply utilize
that time to our advantage. The only real difference between the situation before and now is
simply a faster timetable. Other than that, what we do now and what we must do hasn’t
changed.”
“And what would that be, Archer?” Tamamo asked, raising her eyebrow. Despite looking
relatively neutral, a swish of her tail revealed her annoyance at the red-mantled hero’s words.
The man smirked. “That would be a question for our Masters,” he replied simply. “And
judging from Ren over here, it seems that he already has something in mind.”

Everyone glanced over at Ren who was hunched over in thought. Under normal
circumstances, he would indeed be panicking. If he had been anyone else, he would agree
with Ritsu – that the situation was infinitely more dangerous than they had hoped, and as
soon as the United Roman Empire turned up the heat, they would be dead in the water.
However, a familiar smirk started spreading across Ren’s face. Morgana immediately saw it
and grinned enthusiastically. “I know that look anywhere, Joker,” he noted. “I’m guessing
you’ve got a plan?”
Ren glanced over and chuckled. “Not quite a plan yet,” he admitted. “But I will admit it’s
familiar territory for me – and for you too Morgana.” At Morgana’s questioning glance, he
smirked. “An enemy far too great and big for us to defeat conventionally. We’re beneath their
notice for the most part. And we’ve a time limit before they decide to ramp things up and
crush us. Any of this sound familiar at all, Mona?”
The catlike being blinked several times as everyone looked at them confusedly before
matching Ren’s smirk with his own. “Ooooh, I get it now,” he replied before chuckling
mischievously. “We can’t hit the Metaverse, but the same concept applies. Good thinking,
Joker. For a second there I was actually getting worried.”
“Um… Ren? Morgana? What are you guys talking about?” Roman interjected, speaking for
everyone.
The two looked back at her before grinning. “Nothing much, doctor,” Ren replied casually.
“Let’s just say that we’re old hands at this kind of predicament.” With that, he stood up from
his chair as he turned off his communicator. “I’m gonna have a talk with the emperor real
quick. Mona, you coming?”
“Heh, anytime, Joker!” Morgana crowed. With that, both of them confidently walked out the
door, leaving everyone in the room blinking at what just happened. And the first one to break
the silence was Ritsu.
“That…” she said slowly. “Was… so… COOL!” She jumped up from the bed and grabbed
Mash. “Did you see that, Mash?!” she demanded. “It’s the Phantom Thieves in action right
there! Oh gods I wish I could join them but maybe I should join them now but I don’t think I
should oh god Mash what do I do WHAT DO I DO”
“C-calm down, senpai!” she stammered as she tried to extricate herself from her manic
friend. “I-I’m sure Ren-senpai would be glad to tell you what’s going on once he’s done-“
There was the sound of an opening door, catching everyone’s attention. Ren poked his head
in. “Oh yeah, almost forgot,” he added. “Ritsu? Mash? Wanna join us?”
The sound of Ritsu squealing like a boiling tea kettle was all the answer they needed.
As the two girls left, the Servants watched the door close. “You seem to have a lot of faith in
them, Archer,” Medusa commented, barely moving.

The red-mantled hero smirked. “They’re rough and inexperienced overall, but they learn
quick,” he explained. “And despite everything, it seems Ren has been keeping a cool head
overall. Guess he wasn’t the leader of the Phantom Thieves for nothing. They’ll figure it out
from here. Like you said, Rider – our job is to do what our Masters wish. I’m just giving a
helpful nudge.”
The Rider was silent. “And if they make a choice you do not approve of…?” she asked
quietly.
Tamamo huffed. “Well then we’ll have to admonish the Masters now, don’t we?” she
explained like it’s the most obvious thing in the world. Then her frowned softened into a
smile. “But it is best to have faith in them – a child constantly babysat will make no mistakes,
and therefore learn no lessons. If they do, we chastise them, but ultimately serve their will if
it cannot be swayed. That is our duty as Servants, is it not?”
“I hate how you’re phrasing it,” Joan grumbled. She had been silent, mulling over the words
but having nothing to contribute. “But frankly, it seems they have a habit of pulling victory
out of their ass – I mean, look at what happened to me, for fuck’s sake.” The Archer’s smirk
grew in response. Indeed, the victory at Orleans had been nothing short of a miracle, with a
thousand different circumstances and variables pulling together to come away with perhaps
the best outcome possible.
And as the Servants spoke, Loki for the first time kept quiet, listened, and observed.
And their eyes were on Rider.
“WAGH!”
A soft thunk was all the sound that echoed through the director’s office. Roman groaned in
pain and exhaustion, untangling himself from his blankets and he struggled up from the floor.
He had been sleeping on the couch but rolled right off onto the floor. He picked up his watch
on the table and turned it on, blinking a bit as his eyes adjusted to the fluorescent lighting. He
slept for about two hours.
He sighed as he tossed his blankets back on the couch before reaching for some aspirin sitting
on the desk to deal with the headache. Da Vinci had once more kicked him out of the
command center so he could get some rest. He had been working far too long and far too hard
– it was either rest or he would collapse on the spot.
As a medical professional, he agreed with her. As the interim director of Chaldea, frankly, he
just couldn’t sit well with everyone else risking their lives. He had to do something, anything.
Honestly, he really wished he could’ve given Mash some medical lessons when she asked for
it but he had been halfway to collapsing when she did. He had to refuse her.
That pained expression on Mash’s face wasn’t something he wanted to see, even if she
understood.

He stretched to work out the stiffness in his body and yawned before grabbing his long-empty
mug from the desk. With that, he shuffled out the door, blinking as his eyes adjusting to the
bright light. The hallways were deserted save for a robot quietly wheeling by. It was quiet
overall. With the Masters and their selection of Servants on a mission, most of the staff were
in the command center or doing other tasks.
Walking through the polished floors of Chaldea, he eventually came to the cafeteria. It was
deserted save for the one robot chef currently on standby. Ignoring it, he wandered into the
kitchen as he fished out a note from his coat pocket – one written by Ren and emailed over to
him: A coffee recipe, complete with preparation and how to use the various devices.
He had asked for it before Ren left for the singularity. Frankly, the robots here couldn’t make
a good cup of Joe to save their life, and after the Master’s brews, all the staff in Chaldea had
to admit they were spoiled. Every single wince as they took a sip from the robots’ coffees or
– gods forbid – the instant coffee spoke volumes to that. And if he had to drink that travesty
the entire time Ren was in a singularity…
No. Absolutely not. He could subject himself to a lot of cruelties, but such torture was simply
too much for anybody.
The doctor looked around the kitchen, quickly identifying where everything was before
shuffling back to the storeroom. There hadn’t really been time or place to do this beforehand,
what with Mash or Da Vinci nearby. He certainly couldn’t ask them to make him a cup, and
he had a feeling they would be judging him for further extending his caffeine addiction. Now
that it was nice and quiet, he could do it himself.
Reading the recipe, he grabbed the beans as well as a measuring cup and worked to an
exacting quantity. A habit ingrained from his training as a doctor. Ren had told him he could
follow the recipe relatively loosely as it’s more an art than a science, but frankly he decided
not to take a chance. He had never done this before – the most culinary skill he had was
either instant noodles or simple breakfasts – so it was better safe than sorry.
Heading back out to the kitchen, he found the grinder and began grinding up the beans to a
fine powder. He wondered if Ren always had premade blends ahead of time just in case.
Judging from how he worked in a café, he most likely did – but then, how was he able to
always make coffee tailored to people’s requests?
Man of talent and mystery he was, it seemed.
“Oh? I didn’t expect to find you here, doctor.”
Roman blinked as he looked up. Artoria had seated herself at the counter, looking over him in
curiosity. “And what brings you behind the counter today?” she asked. The robotic chef
meanwhile rolled over and took her order – a large beef bowl.
The doctor blinked again before smiling. “Ah, well…” He held up the crumpled recipe. “Ren
gave me a recipe for one of his coffees and I thought I’d try my hand at making it,” Roman
explained sheepishly. “Can’t rely on him all the time for a good coffee. And as well made as
these robots are, they really can’t make a good brew to save their life.”

The Saber shuddered. “A fair reason,” she admitted. She had also been one of the people
engrossed with Ren’s coffee making skills herself. Not even Archer could brew something as
good despite his best efforts and culinary skill. He was certainly better at making tea though,
and that worked just as well for her.
She watched as the doctor fumbled about with the machines and the beans with all the
inexperience of one of her knights in the kitchen. It was honestly endearing to see him act
like this. Every time she had seen the doctor, he was always keeping his eyes on data with the
fervor of a man possessed. What few rest periods he had were spent online with an… online
idol, as they were called?
Well, she wasn’t one to judge another’s hobbies overall. Besides, her knights were far more
problematic than Roman ever was.
“Make me a cup as well,” she requested. “I wish to judge for myself whether you are able to
make a decent cup of coffee.”
Roman blinked in surprise and laughed nervously. “Those are some high stakes, your
highness,” he replied shakily as he continued his work, now with a telltale tremor in his
hands as he carefully and painstakingly worked through each step.
Artoria smiled – a smile that was equal parts gentle and mischievous. “I will assure you I will
be generous,” she reassured him. “It wouldn’t do for me to be a harsh critic for a first ever
attempt at something. Please, proceed at your own pace.”
The doctor slowly nodded, only slightly reassured all things considered. Still, there was
nothing else to consider. He began working again, gradually narrowing his focus until there
were only the machines and the steps he had to do. It felt like he was operating again, albeit
with less drastic consequences. The right amount of water, brewing it at the right
temperature, carefully straining and filtering it…
Before too long, Roman had two cups brewed. As promised, he passed one over to the Saber,
who nodded in thanks. They both took slow sips of the coffee – and both of them winced.
“Bitter,” Artoria judged. “Without many of the notes that are present in Ren’s coffee. My
apologies, doctor, but I hesitate to even call this passable at my most generous.”
“Ugh, can’t fault you for that,” Roman grimaced. It was a far cry indeed from Ren’s coffee.
No way could he serve this to anybody, and he certainly wouldn’t be able to stomach it for
long. Frankly, for all the effort he went through for this mess, he would’ve gone for the
instant stuff instead. Tasted only slightly worse with not even half the effort.
They both took their time sipping their coffees, trading thoughts on what could’ve went
wrong but ultimately getting nowhere. “I must ask, doctor,” Artoria inquired. “Why did you
wish to make coffee? While the robots are not on the level of our Master, their brew should
be passable enough. You have been running ragged with your duties as of late.”
The interim director blinked in surprise. “Does it really seem that bad?” he asked, chuckling
sheepishly as he ran a hand through his orange hair. “Yeah, it’s been pretty bad overall. But I

can’t easily take a break. I just hate the feeling of not being able to do anything except just…
sit back and watch.”
He stared into his cup of coffee, the dark liquid barely reflecting him in a tinted light. “I don’t
know how you handle it personally, Saber,” he murmured. “I just feel like there’s always
something more to do, more I could help with. But no matter how I think about it, logically,
I’m doing everything I can. There really isn’t that much more I can do at this point, especially
with this… Metaverse and personas appearing.”
The doctor sighed in exasperation and exhaustion. “I definitely haven’t seen such things in a
really long time now,” he mumbled. “Not since I’ve had to oversee people like this.”
Roman glanced up at Artoria, who had been patiently listening and not responding. He gave
another sheepish chuckle. “Heh, sorry, guess I’m rambling,” he apologized. “You’ve
probably dealt with far worse than this. I’m just whining at this point. Don’t mind me.”
“You are,” Artoria admitted, causing Roman to wince at her frank answer. “But your
problems in of themselves aren’t an issue. Rather, I can understand quite well.” She gave a
wry smile. “When I sent my men out to war or my knights to quests, did you not believe I felt
the same way? Sitting at my throne, listening to the concerns of my people and pushing
papers, while my trusted men fought and died in my name? I would love nothing more than
to rush to their aid.”
“But you didn’t,” Roman finished for her.
“I didn’t,” the Saber agreed. “There were tasks only I could do from my position and
location, just as they were the only ones who could fulfill their duties. I believed in my men
to the very end, no matter how much the urge struck me. As for me, I made sure I did what I
could so they could focus in front of them.”
She gave a reassuring smile. “The fact that you are so concerned with what you can do for
them is a mark of a good leader,” she said. “But at the end of the day, you must be able to
trust in your men to be victorious, just as I trusted in mine and my knights. We must have
faith in our Masters and fellow Servants, which I’m sure you do.”
The doctor blinked in surprise, then chuckled once more. “Yeah, I do,” he agreed. “Ren and
Morgana have plenty of experience and can keep their cool, push comes to shove. Ritsu’s a
bit rough around the edges, but she’s got the energy needed to bulldoze through anything.
Seriously, give me some of that energy – I need it.” They both chuckled at Roman’s joke.
“And Mash…”
Roman fell silent. Saber observed him. “Are you concerned for her?” she asked.
“I am,” he answered frankly. “For a whole bunch of reasons. We still don’t know what Heroic
Spirit has taken possession of her and because of that, her potential as a demi-Servant is
considerably limited. She’s inexperienced – she hasn’t been anywhere outside of Chaldea. I
tried remedying that with education but that really only go so far. And…”

His words began taking a more frantic tone and cadence before hearing an odd sound –
coming from Artoria. He glanced up and realized she was chuckling. “Hey, it’s not that
funny!” he complained. “This is serious!”
“My apologies,” she replied earnestly as she did her best to stifle her laughter. “You remind
me of a father fretting about a child who’s leaving the nest. It is amusing to witness as much
as it is reassuring.”
Saber smiled at Roman. “From what I’ve seen of Mash, she is intelligent, learns quickly, and
takes the initiative to learn more,” she told him. “Without a doubt, these are traits that will
carry her far by themselves. It helps that she has multiple role models to work from. I assume
you know of whom I speak?”
Glancing up, Roman frowned in thought. “The other Servants? Like you?” he guessed.
“Partially correct,” she replied. “But her fellow Masters as well. Ren Amamiya, Morgana,
and Ritsuka Fujimaru. They shall set an example for her to learn from, and become all the
stronger for it.” Artoria smiled reassuringly. “She has powerful figures to learn from in front
of her, allies at her sides, and above all, supporting influences from you and Da Vinci behind
her. I assure you, before long, Mash Kyrielight will be a force to be reckoned with.”
Roman blinked at the analysis before chuckling one more time. “Well, if the legendary King
Arthur says so, then I just have to listen,” he admitted, his misgivings melting away. He
raised his mug. “Here’s to growth, then. For her and for everyone else.”
Artoria raised hers as well. “To growth,” she echoed. They both drank once more – and
simultaneously winced once more. “Though growth to your coffee making skills perhaps
should be added to that,” she added, looking into her mug with consternation. They both
laughed once more.
It was a quiet day in Chaldea.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/cnxsFY8f

Chapter 49: Departure
Chapter Summary

Absence makes the heart grow fonder, as they say.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV tropes page! Contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The night swiftly passed, opening up into a new day. The sun shone brightly as it rose up
over the horizon, with only signs of a few clouds in the bright blue sky. Golden rays
illuminated the lush Italian countryside, giving it the appearance of a morning paradise as it
reflected off the carefully crafted walls of the town of Florence. Citizens and soldiers began
stirring, going about their days. It would’ve been a normal day had it not been for the patrols
of soldiers marching in and around the town.
After a discussion with the Emperor, who had been more than excited to receive them and
hear them out, she had sent them to rest while she deliberated the next course of action based
on this new info. Ritsu had been practically bouncing nonstop and pretty much had to be
dragged away from Mash while she was busy squealing excitedly. The Phantom Thieves
could only chuckle as they left.
The next morning, they ate in the dining room before heading to the conference room where
Nero was hotly debating with Legate Asisculus. The Chaldean group entering the room
grabbed their attention. The emperor certainly looked worse for wear, with shadows under
her eyes and looking pale – most likely a combination of both sleep deprivation and a
hangover – but she flashed them a bright smile as usual.
“Welcome, auxiliaries!” she greeted cordially. “You are just in time! Come, I was figuring out
plans with legate Asisculus here though we are at a standstill-“
“Imperator, as I stated in the beginning,” the legate sighed. “This plan of yours will not work.
We are stretched far too thin as is and barely have enough resources to maintain such a
campaign. What you are suggesting is tantamount to suicide-“

“And I did not promote you because you were a coward, legate,” Nero shot back, glaring at
her general. “If we do not proceed with this now then when will we have the opportunity? It
has major risks, yes, but at the very least, it-“
“Um…”
Both of them stopped and whirled about, startling Mash who had interjected. “M-may we ask
what the argument is about?” she asked timidly. She felt a hand on her shoulder and looked
up – and blinked as she saw Ren smiling reassuringly at her. She felt the head rush to her face
as she looked away, placing her hands on her cheeks. Why oh why did she feel so warm
now? And why did it have to be now?
She heard Ritsu chuckling nearby, and her face only got hotter.
Nero blinked at Mash’s question and her reaction before chuckling to herself. “Umu, my
apologies, auxiliaries,” she said. “It is better if we started at the beginning.”
Beckoning the Chaldeans over, she pointed at the map. “As it is now, we are stationed in
Florence,” she explained. “The front lines are over in Gaul and Masilia.” She pointed to the
cities further up the European continent. “However, now we have a new threat.” She took
some dark pieces and placed them on various islands in the Mediterranean.
“With the attack on the Appian Road, it is clear that the United Roman Empire has control of
the seas,” she explained. “Thus, they have an avenue directly to Rome at their convenience.
We cannot neglect neither land or sea, or they will easily use either method to counterattack
for a swift victory.”
“Thus, with the counsel from the auxiliaries, I propose we attack first,” Nero declared. She
held up two fingers for emphasis. “We will lead a two-pronged campaign. One legion shall
march to the north and reinforce the front line. Another will head to the south and proceed
with a naval force to recapture the islands. Once done, we will reconvene back in Masilia and
strike at the United Roman Capital.” She pointed at the largest dark piece, standing proudly
in the middle of Spain.
“And once more, Imperator, I say that this is beyond reckless and foolhardy,” the legate
growled out, massaging the bridge of his nose. “It is far better to regroup at Rome, gather our
men, and secure our surroundings first: Florence and the southern docks. Once done, we can
dispatch troops as necessary and secure key resources: Farmland, forests, quarries, mines,
and more. We will not run the risk of losing our men when we are already at such low
manpower as it is and can regain our strength.”
“This argument’s pointless.”
Everyone turned to Joan who stepped forward with a scowl on her face. “If it’s the same
pattern as what happened last time, then they’re gonna be holding on to a Grail,” she
explained. “And if that’s the case, it’s not gonna matter just how much resources and
manpower you can collect – no matter what you have, they can easily either dwarf yours or
burn all of it down. Probably both. Taking it slow and steady isn’t gonna work – you’re just
asking for death by a thousand cuts at that point.”

Archer frowned at Joan’s advice, then looked at the two Romans. “What have your scouts
said about the enemy’s supply lines?”
Asisculus opened his mouth to retort angrily, then stopped. He reached over to grab some
reports and read through them, a frown deepening on his face. “There’s… not much to tell
about them,” he slowly replied. “I specifically asked the scouts to look for their supply lines
so that we may sabotage them or find which territories need to be recaptured first and starve
them out. But they have found next to nothing.”
Nero blinked with surprise. “Wha- how is that possible?” she demanded. “Any army needs
supply lines! They can’t simply just… procuring supplies out of nowhere! Unless…”
The emperor immediately whirled about to Joan. “Is this the Grail you were mentioning?”
she inquired.
The Lancer sighed, irritated. “Can’t think of any other reason,” she grumbled, running a hand
through her pale hair. “If you’re gonna ask me for info about it, then sorry, but I have nothing
to say. The only thing I can tell you about it is this: Whatever you guys have, they have a lot
more. If you wanna play it safe, then you’re only asking for defeat sooner or later.”
Ren and Morgana could only stare at Joan. They had forgotten – when she had been Jeanne’s
doppelganger back in Orleans, she had used the Grail for her conquest of France. Small
wonder she would know about the capabilities of it and what to expect. It was a bit
reaffirming, at least, that their decision to change her heart was constantly paying dividends.
Both the emperor and the legate were silent, turning back to the map in consideration of
Joan’s words. Finally, Asisculus stood up and bowed his head, saluting. “Imperator, I defer to
your plan,” he said solemnly.
Nero blinked in surprise. “A rather sudden change in your stance, legate,” she remarked,
observing her general.
The man frowned. “I had assumed that this was a normal war with regular opponents,” he
admitted. “And even assumed we would hold an advantage as they would utilize much of the
same tactics and equipment we do. However, against an enemy with such an overwhelming
advantage, we cannot afford to ‘play it safe’, as she says.” He nodded over to Joan at the last
part, who simply huffed.
“Therefore, speed is imperative, even if it is incredibly risky,” he concluded, turning back to
Nero. “We need to work on the details, especially with our remaining supplies and men. But
right now, Imperator, your plan is the best we have.”
The emperor blinked, then nodded with a smile. “I’m glad to hear you say that, legate,” she
replied gratefully. “Now, the first order of business is who shall be heading to the seas and
who will go on land.”
“Well, you got us with you,” Ritsu suggested as she crossed her arms. “Maybe send a large
part of your army to retake the islands and while we march over to their capital?”

Asisculus shook his head. “We would only have a limited number of ships,” he said, pointing
to the southern docks and the islands. “And most likely the United Roman Empire would be
entrenched by then. Sending larger numbers is simply wasting lives and ships.”
Ren could only blink in surprise. He had fought ON a ship once, but never from a ship to
land. Was it really that hard? Then he remembered some history lessons of when Japan
fought against the United States and the high casualties on both sides. A shiver ran down his
spine. No, it would be better to avoid that if they could.
“Then there’s only one solution,” Nero stated, looking up at the Chaldean group. “Just as we
must split our forces, you must split yours. The might you would grant our forces would
ensure their victories on both fronts.”
Ren, Morgana, Ritsu, and Mash all blinked in surprise. They hadn’t expected this kind of
plan, but none of them could argue against it – it made sense, and they couldn’t afford to get
bogged down on either front. But as he turned to look at them, a fear began building up in his
heart. There was never this problem back in Tokyo – they always split up to meet again later.
The closest he felt to this was back in the interrogation room, when he finally regained his
senses.
But this was a military campaign against trained soldiers and in unfamiliar territory. Frankly,
there was no guarantee that he wouldn’t see them again. However, Ren forced his protests
down. “Alright, guess we have to decide who’s going,” he said to start it off. He looked over
at the Servants. “Is it possible to just send you guys? Keeping us together is probably the
safer option in this case.”
“Unfortunately not, Master,” Caster replied, stepping forward as her tail swished behind her.
“The further a Servant travels, the harder it is for a Master to supply prana. While we can go
some distance – even outside this city – the distance you are asking for is simply not possible
without some intricate setup – and even then, it would be reliant on you keeping to one place.
We will need at least one Master to accompany us no matter what.”
The group fell silent as they deliberated. There was no choice but to separate the group it
seemed, much as they didn’t want to. None of them could speak as they thought of perhaps
another method where they could all stick together. But frankly, they couldn’t.
Finally, Morgana sighed. “Welp, guess I’m taking to the seas then,” he announced.
That caused everyone to look at him in surprise. Morgana glared at them as he hopped up
onto the table to better look at everyone. “I mean, think about it,” he explained. “As the
emperor and the legate said, it’s gonna be quality over quantity. Joker here is needed to work
on the ground – that’s where it’s gonna be the most dangerous and the thick of the fighting is.
Ritsu is too inexperienced to take on such a mission herself – no offense.”
“None taken.”
“So that only leaves me,” he concluded. “Of course, I’m not going alone. Joker, mind if I
choose the Servant to come with?”

Ren blinked in surprise, then nodded hesitantly. “Yeah, that’s fine,” he replied. “In fact, take
two with you. Better safe than sorry.”
The catlike being was about to protest, but then saw the worry reflected in Ren’s normally
confident grey eyes and reluctantly nodded. “Alright,” he acceded. “Two then.” He looked
over at the Servants clustered about. It was going to be a naval battle, trying to broach the
shore. Considering how Joker and the others would have to fight a land-based campaign, he
would need to choose Servants that would function the best for either of them.
He had his decision.
“Archer, Rider,” he called, nodding to each Servant. “Can you come with?”
Archer smirked and nodded. “Of course, Master,” he replied easily.
“By your will,” Rider murmured, giving the most imperceptible of nods.
“Umu!” Nero exclaimed with a bright smile. “As expected of one who shares my voice!
Truly a valiant and cunning soul!”
“How long are you gonna go on about that?” Morgana groaned in frustration.
And so, plans and details were made – which did nothing to ease Ren’s worries.
—------With further discussion, the plan was hashed out – Morgana, along with Archer and Rider,
would be leaving with a contingent and heading south back to Rome to resupply first before
meeting up with legate Evander at the southern docks. With him was a missive to be given to
the legate, briefing him about the new campaign to retake the Mediterranean islands and
making sure the United Roman Empire would not have a direct path straight to Rome.
In the meantime, the others would be making their way north and stopping at Mediolanum
first and acquiring the garrison before marching west. Currently, there were two Servants of
hers holding the line there as it was easiest to move and reinforce from that location. Once
that was done, they would march west toward Massilia.
However, it was decided that they would have to split their forces even further: Ritsu, along
with Mash and Caster would move further up north and reinforce Gaul. They were currently
at a standstill, and if the United Roman Empire decided to stop playing around, they could
flank and pinch the expedition and crush it then and there.
At the end of it all, Ren was left sitting on the balcony of his room, staring out into the
countryside. He idly took his phone out to get a picture, trying to distract his thoughts. This
wasn’t the first time he sent the Phantom Thieves off on solo missions or excursions – often
when he had to take the heat and distract shadows while his friends worked on other
objectives.
But an entire war campaign? Far from home in both space and time, with forces they barely
even comprehend, let alone could fight against? Where once they left could very well be the

last time they ever saw each other?
He sighed as he turned off the camera app. He wasn’t in the mood to take photos. They all
looked unsatisfactory to him no matter what he tried. Instead, he stared at his phone between
two icons: The Metaverse app and the texting app. The former had always been one of the
best solutions back in Tokyo, but here? Extremely situational at best. The chill of the
doppelganger’s Palace, the horrific demons, the Satan cognition… he couldn’t forget any of
it.
As for the texting app… His thumb hovered over it before he finally put his phone to sleep
and shoved it into his pocket. It wouldn’t help here at all. He loved his friends dearly and
they were all capable, but this was considerably beyond their depth. Makoto would try to
form some sort of plan but even she would rapidly flounder in this situation. Ren himself
could barely keep his head from spinning at everything happening.
“Hey.”
Ren blinked as Morgana walked over and sat down beside him, joining him on the balcony.
“It’s a nice view, isn’t it?” he asked rhetorically.
The Master blinked, then nodded. “Yeah,” he agreed. “It is.”
They both sat in silence with their own thoughts, simply taking in the other’s company while
they could. “You guys gonna hold up without me?” the catlike being asked, a mischievous
smile pulling at his mouth once more. “You’re rather hopeless when I’m not around, you
know.”
The Phantom Thief scoffed. “Pft, we’ll be just fine,” he replied, matching his friend’s grin.
“And what about you? You’re hitting the seas, aren’t you? You sure you won’t be distracted
by the first tuna you’ll see on the ship? There’s literally plenty of fish in the sea, after all.”
Morgana spluttered. “Wha – what kind of slander is that?!” he demanded. “I can keep my
head on task, Joker! Without me, you guys would be wandering off, yelling like headless
chickens! My love for sushi is completely irrelevant! You think you can claim the same?!”
The two bickered and bantered back and forth, trading insults and jokes with each other, yet
none of them could remove the smiles from their faces. It was just a good time between the
two of them. Eventually, the arguments dwindled and the two were left watching the
countryside in comfortable silence together, unwilling to break it.
But they had to.
“Tomorrow, huh?” Ren asked rhetorically.
The catlike being nodded. “Yeah,” he answered. “The emperor and the legate are ironing out
the finer details with logistics, as well as getting the army set up. After that, well… I’m off.”
Ren nodded silently. Morgana glanced over at his longest friend. “You’re worried, aren’t
you?” he asked, already knowing the answer.

The Phantom Thief chuckled bitterly in response. “That easy to figure out, huh?” he replied.
His smile faded into contemplation. “This will be the first time we’ll be apart on something
like this,” he murmured. “This won’t be like our time in Tokyo, or even in Orleans. We won’t
be able to help each other if someone gets into trouble. And if something happens to one of
us, well… the other will be left alone.”
He ran a hand through his hair. “Sorry, I’m repeating myself,” he apologized with a rueful
smile. “Already complained about something like this back in Orleans and here I am
complaining about it again. We just have to make sure we win, right? And you’re going with
Archer and Rider. They’re probably the two most reliable Servants we have with us.”
Morgana nodded. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Caster and Joan are pretty good too. So is Mash.
Loki…” He paused, then shook his head. “I’m sure you can wrangle them in due time,” he
continued, brushing it off.
Then he sighed. “Still, can’t exactly blame you for being wary,” he murmured. “A full-on
military campaign… this is a lot bigger than I expected. What am I expected to do? I’m a
Phantom Thief, not a soldier! And this isn’t some sort of heist, it’s a war! I mean, as much as
we want to, we’ve studied wars enough to know that… that…”
He didn’t finish that sentence. Ren didn’t need him to – he had been having the same
thoughts. He quietly took out his Chaldean Arms, drawing Morgana’s attention. He
transformed it into his gun form, laid it on his lap, and stared at it. Dream Akechi’s words
echoed once more in his memories.
If you were forced to kill, would you? he asked. Are you able to weigh the lives of others
against your own goals?
Will the world be worth the blood you’ll have on your hands?
Ren took a quiet breath. “We’ll cross that bridge when it comes to it,” he murmured, trying to
steel his will. “If… if we fail here, then it’s not just our lives in jeopardy, but everyone’s. Like
you told me before, we can’t afford to fail, no matter what.” He gulped as he picked up his
gun. He tried to imagine pulling the trigger at a living human being – and the closest he could
think of was the Gun About game he and Shinya used to play and train at all the time.
The very thought of it terrified him.
They both sat in heavy silence. “Think the Servants will be able to help out?” Morgana asked
quietly.
“Maybe,” Ren admitted. “But we’re already putting a lot on their shoulders. Again, we’ll
cross that bridge when we come to it. Let’s just enjoy this last day of peace while we can.”
The catlike being nodded. “Yeah, sounds good,” he accepted easily, turning back to watch the
countryside with his best friend.
Tamamo, in spiritual form and guarding the Masters, could only sigh sadly. Such responsible
children, yet with such heavy burdens. Could she do nothing to help them…?

—------Under the darkness of the night, Medusa silently moved from rooftop to rooftop of Florence.
Always in balance, it was quite easy to maintain her agility despite the sloped, smooth tiles of
the roofs. Though she had her blindfold on to prevent her gaze from petrifying people, she
had plenty of other senses left: Her ears picked up the footsteps of marching soldiers and
whispered words from officers. Her nose breathed in the scent of sweating men and cooking
food. Her skin could feel the disturbances in the air. Taste… Well, that was a different matter.
Stopping at a watchtower at the town square, she observed the soldiers as they flitted about.
They were all preparing for separate excursions, organizing ranks and supplies. She could
hear their discussions as they made plans and gossiped, wondering what the new plan was
and opined about the Chaldeans. The soldiers in general seemed favorable towards the
Chaldeans, though no small number also looked down on them.
However, she didn’t hear anything she needed to be wary of: Any plans against the Masters,
be it sabotage or assassination. They would have to be eliminated or silenced if that was the
case.
Then she felt a shiver across her back. Another presence was here – one all too familiar. “Do
you have business with me, Avenger?” she murmured without turning.
Loki leaned against the handrail behind her, smirking. “Oh, I just thought I’d help you with
the patrol, is all,” they replied in a friendly tone – one that positively dripped with barely
concealed amusement or self-interest. “Never know when these Romans might decide to
backstab our Masters or us – they’re fairly good at that.”
Medusa barely turned her head to face them. “Are you speaking as one yourself?” she asked.
“Or merely from your experience as one?”
The Avenger gasped loudly, dramatically holding a hand to their heart before breaking into
chuckles. “A fair point,” they freely admitted. “Either way makes my experience rather
invaluable, don’t you think?” They stepped forward and leaned against the handrail beside
Rider, casually ignoring how the blindfolded Servant stiffened as they approached. “I always
find that people have rather loose lips when they’re not being watched.”
The Rider didn’t answer for a second. “That is true,” she admitted carefully.
Her guard was only raised higher as Loki’s eyes turned towards her. “Of course, the same
could be said for Servants as well,” they continued. “Honestly, they seem to let their guard
down all the more since they can enter spiritual form and escape the notice of most others
besides other Servants. Whether it’s you or Archer or Caster, it makes little difference.”
She felt cold tendrils seeping through her spine but kept her expression carefully neutral. “Is
there a point you wished to speak about, Avenger?” she asked, an edge creeping into her
voice. She was getting tired of the trickster god. No surprise that almost everyone wanted to
throttle them almost as soon as they met.
Loki smirked. “So, what did you and Ren discuss about the other night?” they asked.

Medusa frowned. “What are you talking about?” she asked.
“Since that night you gave Ren that massage back at the camp, you’ve been disturbed,” the
Avenger noted, casually pulling at their glove to tighten it without a care. “Still, it’s hard to
imagine what, though – was our Master really that bad in bed to the point it’d disturb you?”
They chuckled. “Oh, what a treat that’d be to tell the others. I’m sure Mash and Ritsu would
be more than happy to hear about that-“
“Our Master did no such thing,” Rider interjected, a bit of venom seeping into her voice. “So
still your tongue, unless you wish for me to rip it out for you.”
The trickster god didn’t turn, simply shrugging and looking back over the city. “I mean, that’s
the only thing I can really think of,” they replied. “Unless they did something extremely
heinous. What, did they do something you disapproved of? What’s the recent appellation…
‘hit too close to home,’ as they say?“
They stopped as they noticed Rider twitch – a fact she immediately cursed herself for. “Oh?
How interesting,” they replied, a smirk slowly spreading across their face.
Within a second, Rider’s spikes appeared in her hands, flashing as they sped towards the
Avenger. Only for them to miss entirely as they rolled backwards, laughing as they fell off the
handrail and down the tower. Medusa immediately leaped up to the handrail, ready to pursue
them down – only to see nothing but empty air.
“Concerned for me? I’m touched!”
Spinning around, a spike flew towards Loki, who was perched on the opposite side of the
tower. A shot from a… raygun? And the spike was deflected, clattering to the ground. Rider
prepared for the worst, only to see that Loki wasn’t bothering to aim at her, instead their
weapon vanishing in their hand. “What game are you playing, Avenger?” she growled. “What
do you want?”
The Avenger laughed again, grinning madly. “Did I not say?” they asked rhetorically as they
spread their hands. “I seek entertainment! A girl growing into a pure-hearted warrior in her
own right, another having the temerity to bulldoze a path forward, timelines completely and
utterly amiss with all sorts of characters, something the Phantom Thieves have done you
disapproved of. Now what was your legend again?”
They made a fake thinking pose as their red eyes glowed maliciously. “Was it all the ‘heroes’
you had petrified?” they asked. “Was it your death by the hands of Perseus? Or was it your
sisters-“
Rider interjected by throwing both of her spikes this time, the attached chains clattering –
only to be deflected by their red serrated sword.
Loki chuckled again, running a hand over their face. “As I told Archer, you are all too easily
agitated for your own good,” they commented easily.

Medusa was worried when Loki acted madly, but now the fact they were so calm only made
it worse. “Being on your guard is reasonable,” they explained. “But that can be taken
advantage of: it makes one easier to agitate. And a person who’s agitated tends to have a
looser tongue than they realize.” They smirked. “Something to keep in mind for next time.”
The Rider could only blink underneath her blindfold, nonplussed. “What is your goal,
Avenger?” she asked again.
The trickster god chuckled once more. “I meant what I said,” they replied simply. With that,
they casually vaulted off the tower and vanished once more.
This time, she didn’t follow them.
—------Another day had swiftly come. Despite the sun shining in the sky, the air was cooler than
before, though not uncomfortably so. It certainly relieved all the soldiers who had been
cooking in their armor up to that point. They had taken the opportunity to stock up on
supplies as necessary. The United Roman Empire hadn’t plundered Florence, making it easy
to resupply and proceed to march.
And more importantly, there was enough supplies for two expeditions to get underway.
Formations and troop distributions had been figured out, as well as various logistical plans.
The expedition heading south towards the sea would be stopping by Rome to gather more
supplies and any possible reinforcements before reaching the southern docks.
Thus, they stood at the southern entrance of Florence in the morning, ready to embark. The
troops were lined in formation, listening to a heartfelt speech from Nero to ignite their spirits.
All of this was for Rome and for victory. She made it clear it was a risky plan, but she had
faith in her soldiers, the sentinels and guardians of Rome, would seize the day.
However, that wasn’t what the Chaldean group was focused on.
“So, this is it, then.”
Morgana nodded in response to Ren’s question. An impromptu backpack was slung over
Morgana’s shoulder, courtesy of Ren’s crafting skills (“How did he make one that quickly?”
Ritsu whispered to Mash. The shielder could only shrug). It was filled with various supplies,
such as rations and bottles of water, as well as first aid kits. Archer and Rider carried packs as
well, though they were acting more as pack mules as Servants didn’t require any of said
supplies. They had agreed to do so anyway – if Morgana was down, then it mattered little
what the Servants could do.
“It should be fine, though,” Morgana said casually, holding up his wrist. Strapped around his
paw was his communicator. “We can still contact each other through Chaldea, assuming the
signal isn’t terrible as always in singularities. And even then, I doubt I’m gonna call you that
often. After all, I’m awesome enough to deal with this myself.”

Ritsu grinned. “Heh, spoken like a true Phantom Thief,” she agreed. “You’re awesome,
Morgana! I can’t wait to hear your stories when you get back!”
The catlike being puffed out his chest and put his paws on his hips. “Ha! Finally, someone
understands!” he cried out happily.
Ren simply grinned down at his best friend. “You’ve always been capable, Mona,” he said
genuinely. “Just like that time after Sae’s Palace, we’ll see each other on the other side. Just
like old times.”
Morgana nodded confidently. “Just like old times,” he echoed. “You be sure to listen to Mash
– she has a good head on her shoulders! As well as Caster! And… uh…” He looked at the
others in Ren’s group: Ritsu, Loki, and Joan. He paused. “Listen to Mash and Caster!” he
repeated.
“Hey!” Ritsu and Joan both yelled angrily.
The Chaldean group laughed in response to the joke. Their attention was grabbed as Nero
walked towards them, smiling. “Auxiliaries, it is time to set off!” she declared. “Let us march
forth and seize victory!”
The group looked at each other. Ren and Morgana nodded. “See you on the other side?” the
former asked.
The catlike Master nodded. “See you on the other side,” he agreed. “You better be doing your
best or I’m gonna come in and steal your thunder!” With that, Morgana turned and marched
off, waving as he did so. Archer and Rider nodded to the others in farewell before following
their Master. Before long, the southern contingent was marching, gradually shrinking into the
distance.
“Come!” the emperor cried. “There is much distance that needs to be covered today! This
shall be the start of Rome’s triumphant return!” With that, she strutted off, with legate
Asisculus in tow. Slowly, everyone began turning northward and began marching. Ren was
the last to do so, watching the sunlight glinting off the southern contingent. Already, he
couldn’t even see Morgana, Archer, or Rider anymore.
He turned and moved with the others. This wasn’t goodbye. They were going to see each
other again after winning their respective campaigns.
They had to.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/BtH7mdKG

Chapter 50: Morning
Chapter Summary

A peaceful night, a peaceful morning.

Chapter Notes

And I'm back, with a lot of Nero simping. Enjoy!
Reminder that TATGO has a TV Tropes page. Please add to it when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It had been a day or two since they parted. Ren sat on a hill nearby as he watched the Roman
army set up another base camp for the evening. Ritsu and Mash were currently out patrolling.
Joan was keeping guard nearby some distance away. Loki was… well, they were off doing
their own thing after everyone managed to extract a promise that they wouldn’t get into any
trouble. It was a flimsy promise at best but given the base camp wasn’t on fire and the
soldiers weren’t rioting, Loki seemed to be keeping their promise.
Despite everything, Ren couldn’t stop fretting quietly about Morgana. They had separated at
times, yes. For missions, the time when Morgana left after the argument with the other
Thieves, and of course, when they split up in the doppelganger’s Palace. In most
circumstances, he wouldn’t be worried whatsoever. He knew better than almost anyone how
capable Morgana was, and he trusted Archer and Medusa. They would be just fine.
And yet, things were different. Gone for this far a distance where they couldn’t help each
other if things went wrong, on a war campaign filled with enemies that they knew little about.
All he could do was have faith in him that they would all come out in the very end safe and
sound.
There were still other things to consider, however. Medusa knew about Maruki’s dream
world. How was he going to deal with that? The Thieves opposed and eventually dispelled it,
but even they had to admit that world was perhaps fitting for some people. The conflict had
been the Phantom Thief’s principles going against Maruki’s. No more and certainly no less.
But they made their choice.

But in a way, they weren’t better than Maruki. Just as he made the choice for others, so they
did for those same people.
He sighed as he relaxed back on the grass. There was little that could be done at this point.
Medusa didn’t seem like she was going to betray them anytime soon, but he certainly
couldn’t ignore how disturbed she seemed to be. How would he reconcile with her? Or at
least have her understand? They probably needed to converse and clear the air between them.
It may not be enough, but it was a start.
Ren had to chuckle to himself. It was these kinds of solutions that often outed him out as a
Phantom Thief to his confidants to begin with. Well, that and stealing the hearts of the ones
who were troubling them. That was basically a foghorn for anyone with half a brain cell. For
all the crap the others gave Ryuji about his loud mouth, he wasn’t any better in the end.
He considered seeking out some company, but he shook his head. That wasn’t what he
needed right now. Besides, who could he talk to? Ritsu and Mash were inexperienced and
looked up to him for guidance. Joan wasn’t exactly the conversational type. Loki was… well,
Loki. He considered Nero as well, but then he remembered the bags under her eyes in their
last strategy meeting. No. He couldn’t burden her even further right now.
No. He needed to be with his own thoughts. He drew his phone out and tapped the Metaverse
app. The map was still blank and many of the buttons were greyed out, including the option
he was looking for. He sighed as he slipped his phone back into his pocket. Well, he figured it
wouldn’t be that easy.
Suddenly, he heard one of the soldiers yelling that dinner was ready. Oh right – it was about
time to eat anyway. He got up and began walking to his tent, where his rations waited for
him. Maybe a full stomach and a good night’s sleep would help settle his nerves…
---------Soft music echoed through the large hall, bouncing off the gently curving walls. Still exhibits
were showcased and exhibited, connected by floating, colored staircases. Over it all, a giant
figure towered over it all, yet it was just as still. Beyond was a night sky. It was devoid of
people, yet it never felt too empty or deserted. Rather, it was just as it should be. Ren walked
along the gallery’s second floor, hands in his pockets before leaning over the handrail,
looking over everything. Despite everything, he wasn’t worried about his location.
After all, it’s the Thieves’ Den – his own mind. Why would he worry?
It was certainly a surprise when he went to sleep that he ended up here. It had been a while
since he visited. During the third semester, he had come across this place through the
Metaverse app. It had just brought him here and he simply… knew. He knew it was his own
Palace and mind. And yet, he wasn’t worried. Unlike the Palaces of his targets, it gave off a
clean, comfortable feeling. It felt like LeBlanc, but… cleaner.
The irony of that feeling didn’t escape him as he glanced down at an exhibit of LeBlanc
down on the ground floor. Normally, his friends – or rather, his cognitions of them – would
be touring the gallery, commenting on the various exhibits. Though they were his own

cognitions, he had shared weal and woe with them and learned who they were, to the point
where they were almost the same as reality. He truly wondered how some of his friends and
confidants would’ve felt about their Metaverse adventures.
But now, there weren’t any. He should’ve felt distressed about it, but instead he just felt
resigned. It was fine. He could use a bit of quiet for now with only a few close companions.
And speaking of a few close companions…
“It’s been a while since we’ve had a chat like this, huh?” Ren asked casually as he turned
around and beheld the figure that floated behind him. A bright red ensemble with high heels
and a white cravat, with black wings like that of a raven’s. It was topped off with a black top
hat with a pair of horns. The face was a black mask, yet flames danced and burned in the
shape of a malevolent grin. His body burned with a blue flame, yet oddly gentle.
His other self: Arsene.
“Indeed, it has been some time,” Arsene agreed. His voice boomed out, sounding like a
deeper, more confident version of Ren’s own. “You have been through many trials and with
many more to come. Already they are leaving their mark on you.”
Ren looked back at the Thieves’ Den. Instead of the red and white dynamic color scheme that
pervaded the gallery, the architecture looked far more reminiscent of Chaldea now. Most of
the furniture and other furnishings hadn’t changed, but Ren had a feeling it would only be a
matter of time. “Gotta say, I prefer the old décor better,” he commented casually. “I should
switch it back when I get the chance.
Arsene didn’t laugh at Ren’s remark. “Your Phantom Thief regalia too is reflecting your
change as well,” he added gravely.
He didn’t say anything for a second, then with a flash of blue flames, donned on his Thief
gear once more. He checked his gloves. They were still splotchy from blood. It had been
some time since Orleans, when that black knight grabbed his head until it began bleeding. He
thought his gloves would’ve returned to normal, but if anything, it seemed like the spots had
grown only darker and uglier. “I don’t suppose there’s a laundry service in the Metaverse?”
he asked as he switched back to his Chaldean uniform.
“As these trials continue,” Arsene continued without acknowledging Ren’s humor. “More
will change. You must brace yourself for it.”
The Phantom Thief sighed as he ran a hand through his hair. “Yeah, I know,” he murmured as
he turned back to the exhibits and leaned against the handrail once more. He glanced up at
the tower being above them: A gold titan with turquoise circuit-like veins running through its
body. Adam Kadmon, the true form of Maruki’s persona. He idly wondered how any of the
Servants would’ve handled him.
A shiver ran down his back as he realized that any one of them would’ve dealt with it with
ease.

“So if things are going to be so difficult, how come you’re not Satanael?” he asked curiously,
glancing over at his persona.
There was a moment of silence from Arsene. “Because your will has wavered,” he answered
gently. “Though it is of no fault of your own, your mind and heart have become disturbed
from your loss, grief, and unacceptance of what needs to be done. Thus, it is why your self as
Satanael is currently unavailable to you.”
Ren looked. Indeed, the chains that floated around Arsene looked as thick and solid as when
the persona first appeared. If anything, they seemed even thicker and more solid. They
reminded him of the chains that wrapped around his cell door back in the Velvet Room –
chains that most likely would’ve shut him back in had the Velvet Room been any stronger.
He sighed again. “Yeah, thought that might be the cause,” he muttered. He couldn’t deny
Arsene’s words. Ever since he got to Chaldea, things have become far different than he had
ever expected. It wasn’t surprising he wasn’t able to hold on to the power of Satanael, the
ultimate symbol of rebellion. He had been rebelling against cruel authorities who had been
abusing their power as well as the apathy of society. He had built up his bonds and strength to
do so.
But this? This was far beyond him. And he definitely had trouble accepting that.
“Is it just you here?” Ren asked as he began walking around the balcony. Arsene floated after
him easily as they reached the exhibits and began walking down the floating steps. Despite
having no handrails or the nature of said steps, Ren had no trouble at all walking them as
necessary.
Arsene shook his head at the question. “No,” he answered. “Your other selves can appear
here at any time. Although the Velvet Room may draw their presence out further for your use,
they are always here regardless. After all, ‘I am thou, thou art I’.”
The Phantom Thief blinked and for a second, he was facing all the personas he had gathered
and cultivated throughout his time in Tokyo. He blinked again and they were gone. Shaking
his head, he walked down to the bottom floor, past an exhibit of Morgana as a bus to the
replication of LeBlanc. “Well, it will be good to have some company around here later on,”
he commented.
As he stepped behind the counter of the LeBlanc exhibit, his clothes shifted from his
Chaldean uniform to his casual clothes, with a dark green apron over everything. He recalled
when he had some spare time, Sojiro would sometimes call upon him to help with the café,
whether brewing for customers or cleaning up. He was always happy to – he was living there,
after all, and it was good to learn regardless.
Stepping into the kitchen, he glanced over at Arsene who had remained outside. “You want
anything?” he called out.
The persona paused, then chuckled. “The house blend,” he requested, pulling out a chair and
sitting on it. Ren had to admit, the sight of his persona just sitting there waiting for a coffee

looked both hilariously out of place yet exceptionally fitting at the same time. It was an odd
contrast.
Before long, Ren got to work. Although it was just an exhibit, the appliances and plumbing
worked regardless. It probably helped that it was all just a cognition anyway. Even the
containers were filled with genuine coffee beans. All of them labeled by both himself and by
Sojiro in their time in LeBlanc. For a moment, he indulged himself in nostalgia and
familiarity. The layout of the kitchen, the feel of the machines, the ever-present warm
smell… it all washed over him and made him smile.
A couple minutes later, Ren had brewed two cups. Passing one to Arsene, he leaned up
against the counter on his side and took a careful sip, being careful not to let the temperature
scald him. Glancing over, he watched as Arsene drank too. He seemed to do so just fine,
despite his ‘face’ being his mask, but he wasn’t about to question that front. They didn’t
speak, simply spending time in companionable silence and enjoying the coffee.
After a couple minutes, their cups were empty and laid out on the counter. Ren sighed. As
much as he was enjoying himself, he was never one to push off things for too long. “Well, I
should probably get going,” he said, getting up and stretching. “We’ve a long march ahead of
us, and much to do.”
“Indeed,” Arsene agreed as he stood up as well. Their cups were gone from the counter like
they never existed to begin with. “Before you leave, I would emphasize one last thing.”
Ren blinked in surprise. “And what would that be?” he asked curiously.
The persona floated closer, his flaming eyes gentle. “Know that no matter what trials you
undergo, no matter who you fight or the bonds you forge,” he reassured. “I shall be with you.
I have been with you from the beginning, and I shall be there with you until the very end.
Know that my power shall always be there for you to use as you see fit. Take heart in that, my
other self.”
The Phantom Thief blinked again, then chuckled once more, a tear slipping from his eye.
“Heh, thanks Arsene,” he murmured gratefully, smiling up at him. “Alright. I’ll see you when
I see you,” he said as his vision began going white. It was a good thing to know – even if he
was by himself, he was never truly alone.
Then darkness came, and he knew no more.
--------It had been another day in Rome. Soft perfume suffused the air with a sweet smell as incense
burned in the braziers and wafted from the flowers around her. Her servants fanned her as
she lounged on the sofa, casually plucking another grape to eat. The summer had been rather
warm as of late, but that mattered little as the white cloth that barely covered her beautiful
body easily allowed even a faint breeze to cool her off.
Nero stretched languidly. There wasn’t much to be done today. She could rest. After all, aside
from some border conflicts, everything was working just fine. Her people loved her, her

soldiers loved her, her officials loved her, her guards loved her. And she loved them in turn.
And then there was the aristocracy and senators…
She had to sigh to herself just at the thought of them. Talks with them have never been less
than arduous to the umpteenth degree, no matter what the issue. While she may love Rome’s
citizens, they certainly made it challenging. Well, it mattered little. Love always came with its
own challenges, after all. Regardless, she had some leisure time. Perhaps the company of a
handsome young man or a nubile girl would be good way to pass the day.
Suddenly, she heard a commotion. Glancing over, she saw a soldier marching, almost
running into her quarters. That caught her by surprise. Normally, these soldiers would be
waiting on her pleasure, but the fact that one marched in so brazenly… the audacity had her
curiosity.
The soldier saluted, panting. “Imperator, forgive the intrusion but I bring urgent news,” he
gasped out.
“Speak,” Nero commanded, reclining on her sofa as she focused her full attention on the
man.
“There are massive revolts occurring throughout the empire,” he reported. “A hostile legion
is marching from Spain as we speak and will be here within two weeks. The citizens are
divided whether to support them or the empire. And…”
The soldier faltered, causing the emperor to furrow her eyebrows. “Why do you hesitate?”
she demanded. “Come, the rest of the news.”
“There have been reports of… doppelgangers,” the soldier continued hesitantly. “They
portray themselves as Emperor Julius Caesar and Leonidas, among others.”
That caught Nero’s attention. “They have no small amount of audacity to take such names
and titles for themselves,” she mused. Then she grinned and stood up, barely caring as her
loose cloth slipped off her body, leaving her nude. The soldier, still standing at attention,
immediately focused extremely hard on a point past Nero to avoid looking at her – not that
she noticed.
“This is deeply amusing!” Nero declared. “If they are so brazen as to take up arms against
my empire while donning such names, we shall have to see to their mettle! Soldier, find the
legates and have them meet in the war room! Servants, dress me! We shall meet their might
and show them the true glory of Rome!”
The soldier saluted and dashed out of the bedroom as her attendants retrieved a suitable
wardrobe for the mission briefing. All the while, a beautiful, excited smile graced Nero’s
features. This would be a fine battle! She would have to make a play of it, and of course she
would take the leading act! It would be truly and utterly glorious!
--------“Imperator? Imperator!”

Nero blinked in surprise at being called, she shook her head and looked back up at her
concerned legate, who was across the table from her. They had a map and multiple reports
scattered about. She smiled apologetically as she blinked off her drowsiness. “Forgive me,
legate,” she apologized. “That was unsightly of me.”
Asisculus frowned. “Are you ill, Imperator?” he asked. “Perhaps we should continue this
later?”
The emperor shook her head in response. “No,” she replied. “I thank you for your concern,
legate, but we have much we need to do. I shall rest after this.”
The legate frowned in concern before nodding reluctantly. With that, they both resumed
discussions about logistics, seeing what routes they could get to easily resupply while on the
march. It was a discussion she had to undertake many times, and while they were almost as
tedious as her meetings with the Senate and aristocrats, she took these ones far more
seriously.
The first engagement with the United Roman Empire had been nothing short of an absolute
disaster. A casualty rate of at least 40% with an all-out rout. The enemy forces took over
towns and fortified camps, securing them. And slowly but surely, the United Roman Empire
either caused large portions of Nero’s army and citizens to either defect or defeated them
before moving on.
When Nero first read the reports, her mind had failed to comprehend the news. Her own
citizens defecting? But shouldn’t they love her? And her army betraying her on top of that?
She had to be vigilant, worried that she would end up with a dagger between her ribs - and it
nearly happened once or twice. She kept a very close watch on her men after one too many
incidents.
Everything after that happened in a flash. Further defeats and defections, lack of resources
and manpower, and far, far more. She found herself implementing more and more policies in
order to keep the empire afloat, eventually even reaching into her own luxuries so her own
people could survive. The senate had been abolished as Nero took on emergency powers,
executing or assassinating anyone among the aristocracy who protested. Manpower was
supplemented with drafts, with the emperor even abolishing slavery and drafting in the now
former slaves with the promise of pay and land.
And throughout it all, she read the reports, watched the faces of her people, and witnessed the
state of her empire. They were all despondent and beyond hope. She labored for the empire
and for her people – for if they loved her, how could she love them any less in return? And
yet for all she did, for all they did, they barely held on. And after the initial assault, the
United Roman Empire barely tried, content to just pick off the glorious Roman Empire like
how an eagle would peck at a corpse.
It had been sobering, to say the least.
Throughout it all, she had contemplated. Her people didn’t love her. They defected, after all,
and betrayed her. She was the Emperor of Roses! Why did they all turn their back on her?

She poured herself yet another drink that night, wishing to drink herself into a stupor, and
walked out to the balcony facing Rome. She raised her goblet to toast the empty city…
Only to see the small lights still burning within houses. The calls of soldiers as they
organized and trained. People still trying to go about their day to day lives, wondering what
they could do yet didn’t seem to contemplate leaving. Some couldn’t. But many wouldn’t.
From that high balcony, she could hear their whispers and murmurs – all signs of life and
loyalty.
Nero put down the goblet that day. She may not have been loved by all. But she was still
loved by some, as fiercely as she did them. And that would be enough.
After the discussion, Asisculus departed to organize the troops for the morning, leaving the
exhausted emperor to slump in her chair, sighing. She stared miserably at the map, the darker
pieces vastly outnumbering the lighter pieces. The sight wasn’t all too uncommon to her
nowadays. Frankly, the idea that the Chaldeans had landed upon was pure insanity overall. If
it hadn’t been for their support, she wouldn’t have even considered it. Even now, she held
heavy doubts.
But she was their emperor, and the Emperor of Roses didn’t show weakness to her own
people, no matter what. No matter how much she didn’t believe her own words. She could
only hope that in victory or defeat, her tale – their tale – would be as grand as the epics she
had seen in the theater.
A splitting pain tore through her skull, causing her to grimace and clutch her head once more.
Nero scowled. Her damned mother. Even now she continued to curse her and cause her
misery. After Nero’s assassination attempt on her failed, cutting that woman down in public
was the only way she could think of to put a stop to her machinations. It came with
consequences that she nevertheless bore.
Throughout it all, she gripped the joys of life and being an emperor with both hands, clinging
on like a lost sailor on driftwood: The luxuries her position afforded, the pleasures of the
body, the love of the theater, the adoration of her people. Some might call it madness. For her,
it was her right, her love, her duty, and her passion.
She stared once more at her map. What did she have left now? Frankly, if it was all
committed to a character in a play, she would’ve called the writer a hack who relied far too
much on misery at this point. If she wasn’t in so much pain and if she wasn’t in such a dire
situation, she’d laugh.
Through the pain, she heard a gentle knock on the tent post. She glanced up. Was it one of the
soldiers making a report? “Speak,” she called out.
“Good morning, emperor!” came a cheerful voice from outside. “One of the soldiers was
gonna bring you breakfast, but I thought I should come and say hi myself!”
Nero blinked in surprise as her addled mind struggled to put name to voice. They only
exchanged a few words, but she knew her… then she remembered. “Auxiliary Fujimaru,” she
called out in recognition. The pain in her head was starting to abate, albeit slightly. Though

she loathed to show weakness, it would be rude to turn away such an important guest.
“Please, come in!” she cried, straightening herself so she at least looked presentable.
The redhead bounced in, grinning cheerfully while holding two plates of food – cheese and
bread, standard fare for soldiers. Instead of any tankards for wine, however, she held
underneath her arms two bottles of water, the bottles themselves seeming soft and translucent
yet certainly doing their job. How peculiar.
“How are you doing, emperor?” Ritsu asked cheerfully as she set the plates down on the table
(Nero noted she made sure not to put them down on the map or disturb the pieces). “Sorry if
I’m barging in. We didn’t get much of a chance to talk so I thought I’d bring you breakfast!”
The emperor blinked in surprise, then smiled. “Not at all!” she replied cheerfully, ignoring
the throbbing in her head. “I always welcome an opportunity to chat with new people! Please,
do sit! Tell me about yourself, Auxiliary Fujimaru!”
Ritsu grinned as she pulled the chair from the opposite side of the table towards Nero. The
emperor observed the excitable girl. The zest for life she had was unmistakable, as was her
energy. Frankly, she regretted not being able to speak to her in private sooner. She didn’t
carry herself with the calm, confident air of Ren, nor the boastfulness yet carefulness of
Morgana, yet she was intriguing, nevertheless.
Suddenly, the redhead was in front of her face, her hazel eyes meeting her green ones in
concern. Her cool hand was suddenly on her forehead, which soothed her a bit more than she
expected. “Are you sick?” Ritsu asked bluntly. “You’re pale as heck and I can see the bags
under your eyes. Have you been getting enough sleep?”
Nero’s mouth could only fall open a bit at the invasion of personal space and the lack of
decorum from the auxiliary. Ritsu didn’t wait for an answer, instead getting one of the bottles
of water. “Jeez, I guess being an emperor is not all that it’s cracked up to be, huh?” she
muttered. She passed one over to her. “Can’t exactly relate, but overwork is still overwork.”
The emperor blinked before taking the water bottle from the excitable auxiliary. That done,
Ritsu sat down in the other chair with a sigh. “Well, hopefully you can take it easy before we
get marching again,” she murmured, running a hand through her hair. Then she came to a
realization and pointed to the opening in the tent. “Er, should I leave?” she asked hurriedly,
looking sheepish. “I know it’s not exactly restful with me around so if you wanna be by
yourself then-“
“Oh, no, that is quite unnecessary, auxiliary,” Nero hastily replied, gathering her senses.
When was the last time she had the touch of someone affectionate without her bidding or
command? There was her mother, but those touches were… tainted. She dare not think of
them. Even the company of the young men and women she indulged in the past hadn’t felt
quite so pure.
The pain abated slightly, but she mentally scoffzed. Perhaps these migraines had truly addled
her senses after all. She tried to pull open the cap of the water bottle, frowning as it resisted.
A bit more pulling later, Ritsu leaned in to twist the cap off for her. Nero could only smile
abashedly in thanks before taking a drink.

“I always welcome the chance to speak to foreign guests, especially ones as distinguished as
yourself,” she continued, a genuine smile donning her features. “I am quite fine despite how I
seem – for what emperor would not be fine and proud marching among their soldiers?
Nevertheless, I thank you for your kindness and concern.”
Ritsu blinked in surprise before scratching her cheek, abashed. “A distinguished guest?” she
repeated. “Come on, I’m not nearly qualified for that. Maybe Ren and Morgana or the
Servants – oh, and definitely Mash, of course. They’re amazing. I’m just… me, y’know?”
Nero tilted her head in curiosity as she grabbed her plate. “And why would that be any less
amazing?” she asked genuinely as she bit into some cheese.
That caught the redhead off guard. “Oh, uh, well,” she stammered. “I’m not anything too
special – I’m not the smartest or strongest or anything. Most I can do is try to keep my chin
up and take it.” Ritsu grinned. “But hey, if something needs to be done, I’ll do my best! It’s
really all I can do but hey, it’s better than nothing!”
The emperor was left blinking before bursting out laughing. “That is true indeed!” she
declared. “Doing what you can is indeed better than nothing! But I think you grossly
underestimate yourself!”
Ritsu glanced up in surprise with a mouthful of bread in her mouth. “Beg your pardon?” she
mumbled through the bread.
Beaming, Nero glanced around at her tent. “Tell me, what do you think is most important for
an army?” she asked.
The Master blinked again and thought, swallowing her bread. She didn’t expect a pop quiz
this early in the day. Ugh, what did Artoria and Archer say again? The most important thing
for an army wasn’t exactly strategy or tactics, or even the soldiers and commanders. It was….
It was…
“Logistics?” Ritsu tentatively answered.
It was met but another peal of delighted laughter from Nero. “Indeed! Logistics is important
for an army!” she agreed enthusiastically. “It is a lesson I had to learn myself for this entire
war! One impressed to me by citizens, soldiers, and generals alike! But it is nothing a
glorious emperor like myself couldn’t learn!”
Her smile almost faltered. In truth, it was certainly the harshest lesson she had to learn,
poring over countless reports of supplies not being funneled properly and dealing with the
massive influx of complaints from all the provinces still loyal to her. Some had even defected
or fell as she couldn’t properly support them. Again, Nero had more of her inadequacies
shoved in her face that she struggled to recover from.
Nero shook her head. “But there is one thing that is almost as important as logistics,” she
answered. “Even if you are able to procure all the supplies needed for your men, what good is
it if they do not wish to fight? When they have been burdened by blood and conflict for so
long and yearn for peace, how do you get them to press forward?”

She stood up and looked outside the tent with a bright smile. “The passionate energy of a
leader, the one who is able to stir their hopes and dreams and show them victory lies right
beyond the horizon!” she cried. “Someone who will be there to pick them up when they fall
and spur them forward no matter what! A glorious figure people would follow and help, no
matter what! It is a prerequisite of any emperor if they wish to lead this marvelous empire!”
Ritsu blinked again in surprise and chuckled nervously. “Er, I think it’s more complicated
than that,” she pointed out.
The emperor nodded, turning back. “Indeed, it’s far more complicated than that,” she agreed
as she came back over and sat down. “But it is nevertheless a prerequisite. With your energy,
you charge forward and draw people into your efforts. When your allies wish to fall, you will
be their rallying banner so they can stand back up. Auxiliary Amamiya leads by cunning and
will, with boundless confidence. Auxiliary Morgana leads by skill and tactics.”
She grinned at Ritsu. “And you, Auxiliary Fujimaru, shall stand separate yet just as
prominent.,” she finished. “The tale of all of you shall make for fine fare for a theatre once
we all stand victorious. I shall be the one to pen it – all of you alongside the magnificent
Emperor of Roses, securing the future of Rome for the years to come! It shall be my magnum
opus!”
Ritsu gawked, then laughed. “Jeez, you’re presuming a lot,” she giggled out.
Nero chuckled. “As an emperor, that is one of my prerogatives,” she replied simply.
Thus, a Master of Chaldea spent a delightful morning with the Emperor of Roses.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/pnJWXtM9

Chapter 51: Self
Chapter Summary

Some questions are hard to answer. Especially if they have to do with one's self.

Chapter Notes

Sorry for taking so long. This chapter was a bit trickier to write than I expected and my
muse is still taking a downturn. Hope you guys enjoy!
TATGO has a wiki! Please update when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Loki sighed as they relaxed in the forest. The sun filtered through the leaves, allowing for a
soft illumination for the ground below. A small breeze gently slid through, giving a lovely bit
of relief from the warmth of the day. A distant bird chirped its song before fluttering off. It
was fairly quiet overall – a peaceful day before the march would continue. Yes, it looked to
be the beginning of a peaceful day…
Barring the bandits that were below them who were hurriedly making plans. Loki looked
down from his perch in the tree casually as they muttered their plans to assault the Roman
camp only a small distance away. Their plan boiled down to… charge like mad before they
could fully wake up, kill the emperor, then bolt the hell out. Even for Loki, that plan sounded
so idiotic that it was utterly boring.
They sighed. Well, might as well step in, if only to prevent things from being any more
asinine.
“I could think of less stupid ways of dying, to be honest, and more entertaining ones.”
The bandits immediately whirled about as Loki landed easily among their midst, brandishing
their weapons: worn out gladii and farming implements. How adorable. “Storming a Roman
army encampment, even in the dead of night, is already a hilariously terrible idea at the best
of times,” they commented casually, not giving a damn about being threatened. “But now as
they’re waking up? There’s less painful methods of suicide, I’ll have you know, like hanging
upside down while being stabbed with a spear.”

“Who the hell are you?!” one of them barked, stepping forward while brandishing a crude
spear. “Some damn foreigner?
Loki raised an eyebrow, straightening the collar of their detective prince outfit. “My, your
deductive abilities are most impressive for one such as yourself,” they commented, their clear
sarcasm dripping from their voice. “Bravo! And here I thought I would be dealing with
cavemen, but it seems I will have to upgrade that to mere idiots. Well done!”
The bandit clicked their tongue, irritated, and motioned to his three other comrades. They all
spread out, surrounding the trickster god who couldn’t look any less concerned. “Well, now
that you’ve seen us here, we can’t easily leave you now, can we?” the bandit asked, a
malicious grin forming revealing rotten teeth. “Tell you what – drop your cloths and
surrender, we’ll spare you – a pretty thing like you oughta fetch us a nice price when all’s
said and done.”
The rest of the bandits chuckled at the remark. “It’ll be a nice bonus when we bring them the
emperor’s head, eh?” another commented, eliciting another round of eager chuckles.
The Avenger could only sigh in disappointment. How annoying. They had expected them to
at least be a bit more creative and ambitious with what they were going to do but frankly, it
was the same humdrum stuff as always. Well, they’d have to find their own entertainment in
another way. “Well, I had come to see what was going on but frankly, all of you simply bore
me,” they replied frankly.
They shot a deadpan look at the group of bandits. “So instead, I will counter you with another
offer,” they continued. “If you leave right now, I promise I will only hamstring you and leave
you crawling. Otherwise, well… who’s your underworld deity? Hades?” Loki immediately
shook their head. “No, no, that’s Greek,” they muttered, snapping their fingers. “Pluto! Yes,
that’s it! I will personally grant you a one-way pass to see him. Generous of me, don’t you
think?”
Loki smiled again, their auburn eyes flashing red. “I shall give you ten seconds. Do start
running.”
The bandits’ jaws fell apart, then they all began guffawing. “Ha, look at the mouth of this
one!” the lead commented to his fellows. “Hey, shut them up for us, will ya? It’s gonna be
great breaking her in!”
A bandit stepped forward and raised a fist to punch Loki from behind – and missed as Loki
dodged without a care. “Eh?” he muttered, blinking, before raising a fist and lunging again.
The trickster god once more dodged while glancing at their fingernails without a care.
“And by my count, that is… fifteen seconds,” they remarked, lowering their hand while
gazing with disappointment. “I was even more generous than I planned in hopes for a bit of
entertainment, but you all simply disappointed me on all levels. Well, I suppose I should
bring this farce to a close.” Their red, serrated blade appeared in their hand, immediately
causing the bandits to shift from their smug demeanor into shock.
“Farewell. It was not a pleasure.”

The results were less of a battle and more of a massacre. Loki simply moved among them
with incredible ease, cutting down the bandits before they had a chance to raise their
weapons. They shouted in fear and terror for a split second before they were silenced. They
didn’t even bother to change clothes, and their expression never deviated from dispassionate
disinterest.
Thus, within seconds, they stood among the dismembered corpses of the bandits and utterly
soaked in blood, yet they weren’t any more entertained. “Well, I shouldn’t have expected so
much,” Loki sighed as their blade vanished in their hand.
“What the hell happened, Avenger?!”
Loki glanced over casually as Joan stomped forward, giving a horrified stare at the remains
of the bandits. “A minor annoyance that I dealt with,” they replied casually as their figure
blurred for a second before solidifying, all traces of blood on them gone. “They wanted to kill
the emperor and bring her head to the United Roman Empire, thinking they would get a vast
reward for it. I tried to warn them, but they simply did not listen.”
They gave an exaggerated sigh and raised their hands helplessly. “Really now, they should be
thanking me,” they added, gazing in disappointment at the bodies. “I gave them quick deaths.
Their idea would’ve ensured their suffering for far longer. Fools to the very end, it seems.”
The Lancer glared at Loki. “That wasn’t necessary,” she snarled. “You’re a goddamn Servant
– it would’ve been piss-easy to just scare them off! Why the hell did you tear through them
like some goddamn animal?!”
Loki raised an eyebrow. “And leave them to terrorize some poor countryside?” they
remarked. “No, I think not. Our Masters may not enjoy killing but some blood has to be shed
every now and then. All to make sure things progress swimmingly.”
They nudged a dismembered arm with a foot. “They do not cause a disturbance in the camp,
ergo we are free to continue our march,” they continued. “They died here, ergo they do not
threaten some innocent civilian. All at the cost of a few measly lives.” The Avenger shook
their head despondently. “A shame our Masters refuse to comprehend that,” they lamented.
The trickster god glanced over Joan and noticed how horrified she seemed as she stared at the
corpses. “Is something the matter?” they asked. “If I recall from what our Masters said, you
had caused similar amounts of butchery during your tenure at Orleans. This shouldn’t be
anything you’re unfamiliar with.”
Joan scowled and turned away, forcing herself to look at the corpses. Loki wasn’t wrong –
she had regularly committed such atrocities back in Orleans. She reveled in the bloodshed
and death, genuinely believing every single person deserved to burn in hell for all they did to
condemn her. Or rather, the actual Jeanne.
Loki observed her with a mild curiosity. From what he heard and noticed from mission
reports about the first singularity, Joan, who was originally a Jeanne d’Arc doppelganger
created by Gilles de Rais, had basically butchered as much of France with darkened Servants,

wyverns, and other monstrosities. Frankly, even to them, seeing someone who committed
such acts balk at these corpses was an interesting difference.
“It wasn’t necessary,” Joan repeated through ground out teeth. “Just… clean up or something,
I don’t know. Just get this shit out of here.”
The Avenger watched as she turned and began stomping away. “What did our Masters do to
you, I wonder,” they wondered out loud, causing the Lancer to freeze. “Such a change in
personality is uncommon, especially in Servants – even in artificially created ones. What they
have accomplished is quite remarkable – it’s something I truly should explore more.”
Their eyes lazily glanced over at Joan. “But then, what would that make you?” they
pondered. “Are you still you, or simply yet another personality someone foisted upon you?
First Gilles, now Ren and Morgana. It’s just that you now are more palatable to most
common people than that of the legendarily depraved Bluebeard.”
Loki could only shrug as they turned away. “Ah, but you are right – I’m sure the Masters
would object to this,” they concluded. “Even if they never find out about this in the first
place. I hardly want to deal with their lectures so early in the morning – breakfast is always a
terrible time for lectures after all.”
There was a moment of silence from Joan. “Just do your fucking job,” she snarled, then
stomped off.
The trickster listened to her armored greaves crunching against the undergrowth, the sound
eventually fading away. They could only smile to themselves. Well, it would certainly be an
interesting conversation between the Masters and Joan. Perhaps they would be around to hear
it – they had some questions themselves about the whole affair, and they had a feeling that
neither Ren nor Morgana would ever answer willingly.
Ah, it will be a most delectable time. But in the meantime…
How to get rid of all this carrion?
---------Joan was silent as she stomped back towards the Roman camp. A few soldiers tried to greet
her but she ignored them all – or rather, she didn’t even notice them. The shielder came out of
the corner of her eye, but her demeanor became worried as she saw Joan’s stormy expression.
The Lancer had no end to her troubles, but what the Avenger said settled in her thoughts like
a thorny burr within her mind.
They weren’t wrong. Back when they were merely a doppelganger, she relished in sending
out her Servants, wyverns, and other monsters to butcher the people of France. The people
who had condemned her – no, not her. The actual Jeanne. – to burn at the stake. Their terror,
their despair, their blood; they were all things she craved and demanded, all to satiate her
bottomless rage. Even if she had known at the time it was Gilles who forced that upon her,
she couldn’t give any less of a shit. No matter what, France deserved to burn.

That was until the Chaldeans showed up. Through some sort of… witchcraft, they had
changed her. Before she would’ve either been indifferent at best about the killing, but now
she was genuinely horrified and revulsed by it. Even after hearing the debriefing from her
Masters, she genuinely had a hard time comprehending it. They changed her heart? What did
they change exactly? What did they do?
She had to ponder now – if these changes were forced upon her by the two, was she still…
well, her? Or did they simply shape her into something they wanted from her in the end? If
that was the case, who was she in the end? As much as she wanted to get pissed about it, she
couldn’t deny that Ren and Morgana had made her… well, as odd as it sounded, a better
person. No one could’ve done what she did. No one with even an ounce of humanity in them,
anyway.
But then, was it still acceptable just because it was more palatable to everyone else? Was that
how it worked? Was she to be dangled like a puppet from her creation to the rest of her
existence, her thoughts dictated by whatever manipulated or changed her from within at the
time?
This was getting nowhere. She needed answers.
Trudging through the tents, she eventually came upon her destination and pounded on the tent
frame. “Masters,” she called out. “Ren. Morgana. I need to speak with you immediately.”
There was a rustle of movement and the tent entrance flapped open, revealing Ren’s
concerned face. “Joan? What’s happening?” he asked immediately, ready for action. “Has the
United Roman Empire been spotted? Or is something else going on?”
Joan shook her head, her expression grim. “Nothing of the sort, Master,” she replied curtly. “I
wish to talk to you about Orleans. Specifically, what you did to me.”
The statement caught Ren by surprise, but his face quickly matched Joan’s in seriousness.
“It’s a long topic and even I’m not sure about everything, but I’ll explain the best I can.
Would you like to step inside?” So saying, he stepped aside to allow her in. Joan hesitated for
a second before walking into Ren’s tent.
Ren's tent itself was relatively bare, with just a bunk standing on the side. Given how Romans
could both camp and leave within the night, it made sense for everything to be so spartan
overall. Ren looked around for a chair for her to sit on but Joan shook her head. “I’ll stay
standing,” she said simply.
That took the Phantom Thief by surprise, but he nodded in response and sat down on the
bunk. “So, what did you want to talk about?” he asked, trepidation clear in his voice.
Joan stared down at her defenseless Master. Although she was angry, seeing the worried eyes
of Ren tempered her rage somewhat. Her Master was many things and far beyond ordinary,
but at his core, he was a good person. At least, that was what she believed. Or led to believe?
She was just making things even more complicated for herself now.

At the very least, the cat wasn’t around. Trying to get answers from both of them at the same
time would just leave her even more lost than before. She needed clear answers. “Explain
clearly,” she demanded, her yellow eyes boring into Ren. “What did you do to me then?”
The Phantom Thief frowned as he considered how to answer her. “We removed the Treasure
from your Palace to remove the distortion of your heart,” he explained. “A person develops a
Palace when they have distorted desires. A Treasure is at the core of it and is the source of the
distorted desires. In this case, your Treasure was a Holy Grail – a copy of the one we found in
Orleans.”
Joan’s eye twitched as she tried to hold on to her patience. “And what the hell counts as
‘distorted desires’?” she asked.
Ren paused. That was something the Thieves never truly discussed the details of overall. He
cast his mind back to their targets and tried to find all the common trends that led to them
having Palaces. “It’s hard to define precisely,” Ren admitted truthfully. “But they are desires
that are so overwhelming and twisted that they trample over all others, even yourself, to
achieve them.”
That caused Joan’s eyes to narrow as she considered. True, what she had done could certainly
qualify as that. By anyone’s standards, she needed to be stopped. Even now, the weight of her
guilt from all she had done pressed down on her. But then…
She glared at Ren. “And what makes your desires so pure?” she growled. “In order to restore
humanity or do what you have done, you would also need to trample over others, do you
not?”
That gave the Phantom Thief pause. “We don’t trample over others if we can help it,” he
answered carefully. “Our targets were people that needed to be taken down when normal
methods wouldn’t work at all. We do what we have to – no more and no less.”
Joan scoffed. “Is that right,” she grumbled.
Ren quietly watched Joan. “What’s going on, Joan?” he asked. “Did something happen?”
The Lancer whirled on him. “I’ll tell you what the hell’s going on,” she snapped. “You
fucking changed me. I don’t give a damn whether it was for the better – Palace, Treasure,
distortion, whatever the fuck you said, they were still all me. And you changed all that,
changed me, because that’s not what you wanted.”
The Phantom Thief’s mouth dropped in shock. “Wha- no, that’s not what we wanted to do at
all!” he immediately spluttered. “For one thing we couldn’t reach you – or rather, who you
were before – and had to go for your Palace! Also, that’s not how that works – distorted
desires aren’t supposed to be there in the first place! By removing them, the closest thing I
can compare it to is resetting everything!”
His grey eyes met Joan’s gaze without wavering. “Everything you feel right now is all you,
Joan,” Ren emphasized. “Not Gilles or even ours – it’s all you.”

“And what the fuck am I?!” she roared as the dam finally broke. “All I know is that I was
some fucking mockery Gilles created to take revenge against France, and I did so happily. I
tortured and burned people, butchering them and making them suffer like I thought they all
deserved. Is it wrong? Sure, but at least I knew what the fuck was going on and what to do!”
Her yellow eyes burned into Ren. “Then you all came,” she snarled. “After that, I have no
idea what I should do or who I even fucking am! You guys call me Joan instead of ‘Jeanne’
or ‘doppelganger’, but who or what the fuck is ‘Joan’?! Can your illustrious powers answer
that?! Huh?! Can you tell me that?!”
Ren could only sit in silence as Joan unleashed her tirade against him. He had forgotten –
Joan was not a normal person, even by Servant standards. She had been created for a purpose,
with a distortion practically built into her. Their targets were still people with lives before
their Palaces ever formed and even after their hearts got stolen.
He remembered when they delved into the depths of Mementos and found their targets in the
prison cells with the rest of the public. Kamoshida still hit on Ann and tried to dismiss it as a
bad joke, and Shido still rambled about how the public needed to be controlled even if it
wasn’t him. Who they ultimately were didn’t change – they just lost the will to continue
forward with their more heinous actions.
“We… we can’t,” Ren admitted lamely. “Our powers can disperse Palaces and steal hearts,
but they can’t put things there.” He remembered Maruki’s cognition manipulation abilities
and how they gave Sumire an overlay of Kasumi as a patch job. It would’ve broken down
sooner or later, so it was fortunate she came across Ren when she did. There was also Futaba.
Once they removed her Palace, it was a matter of helping her through her issues, but the
problem was that Futaba had still been a person that existed before and after the Palace.
Where did that leave Joan?
The Lancer scoffed once more at the answer. “Of fucking course you can’t,” she muttered.
“It’s not enough for all of you to take that away from me, but you can’t even give me
something to fucking work off of?! What, am I just to be tossed around like some goddamn
fucking puppet to whoever encounters me next and is able to do so!? Then what the hell is
the point of me doing anything?!”
As she ranted, something began happening that caught Ren’s attention – and his eyes
immediately widened. Blue scales were growing in a pattern all over her body. But moreover,
Joan was still ranting and rambling, not even noticing what was happening to her. She didn’t
seem to be in any sign of (physical) distress or pain but still, what the hell was happening.
Joan whirled on Ren to rant some more when she noticed he was staring with eyes as round
as saucers. “What?!” she demanded.
“Y-you’re…” he stammered, pointing. Joan blinked, looked… and barely held back her own
shock as she saw the blue scales on her arm. Feeling something odd, she reached up and felt
the blue scales growing out of her headpiece as well. They weren’t attached to her, yet they
felt as much a part of her as any other part of her body. But these blue scales. Why did they
appear…?

The answer slammed into her mind like a wyvern. She glared at Ren once more. “Summon
Satan,” she growled.
The demand caught the Phantom Thief by surprise. He was about to protest, but seeing the
sheer rage, desperation, and most importantly, the fear in her eyes forestalled any arguments.
With a sigh, he stood up. Even though he switched out his other personas, Satan was one of
the ones he kept as a trump card just in case.
He was about to suggest that they head out so the persona’s aura didn’t disturb the camp
when he caught sight of one of Tamamo’s talismans floating outside the entrance. No doubt
they were ready to interfere at any time, and the Caster most likely blocked off any sounds or
sensations out of Ren’s tent. It certainly would explain why no soldier or even Nero came to
check up on them given how loud Joan had been.
Well, that was nothing else for it. He reached up to his face and brought Satan to the forefront
of his mind, steeling himself for the strain of summoning him as his circuits began warming
up once more. “Satan,” he called out. In a flash of blue flame, the monstrous persona
appeared once more in all its glory.
Joan inadvertently took a step back in fear before willing herself to stand strong, meeting the
persona’s gaze with her own glare. The being in front of her was monstrous beyond
imagination, with multiple arms and breasts, a demonic visage, and serpentine body.
However, it was no beast. Satan’s eyes and demeanor was calm yet stern, weighing her sins.
It was an existence that she fundamentally feared still, and for good reason.
But the most important aspect was its scales. Both the coloration and the pattern it had been
growing on her were eerily similar to the persona’s.
The Lancer’s hands slowly balled up into fists. “So,” she ground out. “Another fucking thing
you engraved into me. Is that all that I am? A fucking… blank stone to carve into, wipe away,
then carve again until there’s nothing left for any of you lot to use?!” So saying, she took a
deep breath and willed the scales to vanish. Slowly but surely, they vanished off her body.
Both of them released the breaths they had been holding as Joan stared at her hands,
especially where her scales had been. Satan faded away as Ren released his power. A moment
of uncomfortable silence passed between the two. “Joan-“ he began.
“Don’t,” she snarled dangerously, glaring daggers at her Master. “I don’t want any
explanations or reassurances or apologies. Just shut. The fuck. Up. You’ve done enough. I
don’t want to talk about this anymore right now. I need to think. I’ll still fight if I have to, but
don’t expect much more than that. However, let me get one thing straight to you right here
and now.”
She moved forward until she towered over the sitting Phantom Thief, who was ready to once
more ready to draw a persona if necessary. “If I find any of you lot screwing around in my
head ever again,” she whispered, each word burning in icy rage. “Make absolutely no
mistake, I will end you.”

With that, she stomped out of the tent – almost walking headfirst into Mash. She stopped,
walked around the flabbergasted shielder, then continued on, soon disappearing among the
crowd. The shielder looked between the tent and the Lancer before turning to the former,
approaching it and knocking on the tent pole gently. Tamamo appeared beside her, her
expression grim. “Senpai?” she asked gently. “May we come in?”
Ren looked up for a second then sighed. “Yeah, yeah, come in,” he murmured, running a
hand through his hair. He noticed as the two girls stepped in that the talismans Tamamo had
set up were still active. He nodded in thanks to the Caster. “Thanks for the quick thinking,”
he noted gratefully.
Tamamo smiled coyly – though it looked a bit strained given the situation. “Well, reading the
situation isn’t quite as different as you’d expect from reading the moods of gods – but you’re
welcome nevertheless,” she replied with a slight bow. “That being said, Master, may we ask
what happened? As short-tempered as Joan is, that is perhaps the foulest mood I have seen
from her yet.”
The Phantom Thief sighed once more. He was already beyond tired. “It’s… nothing I can
really tell you,” he replied. “It’s a deeply personal matter for Joan. Not my place to tell you
guys, unfortunately. I’ll tell you guys when I can, but for now… I’m sorry, guys.”
Mash blinked in surprise and shook her head. “Not at all, senpai,” she quickly reassured him.
“If there is a reason you aren’t telling us, then we believe there is a good reason for it.” Ren
smiled apologetically and appreciatively; an expression that was matched by Mash’s unsure
one in turn.
Tamamo looked less than pleased with the answer herself, but only sighed as well. She knew
there was little to be gained from pushing the matter. With a wave of her hand, the talismans
that surrounded the tent vanished. “Shall I keep an eye on her?” she asked, the only sign of
her annoyance once more being a telltale twitch of her ears and tail.
Ren nodded. “If you could,” he said. “I don’t think Joan’s going to really do anything, but
just keep tabs on where she’s going so she doesn’t get into any trouble.” Tamamo nodded and
exited the tent, vanishing as she did so into a shower of golden dust.
The shielder looked nervously at Ren, then put on a reassuring smile. “Sh-should I grab
breakfast for us, senpai?” she asked, trying to break the silence between them. “Ritsu-senpai
has done the same for the emperor and nutrition is important, after all!”
That caught him by surprise. Then again, he should’ve known Ritsu would’ve done so. Her
energy levels and enthusiasm to do things was beyond the pale. The girl practically bulldozed
through every single problem she came across.
He had to wonder how she would be if she had been part of the Phantom Thieves – and
laughed to himself. He doubted even Ryuji or Sumire would’ve been able to keep up with her
endless font of stamina.
“Yeah, that sounds good, Mash,” he replied with a small smile. “I’ll wait here for you to
come back.”

Mash nodded enthusiastically and bounced out of the tent as well. As soon as Ren was alone,
he buried his face in his hands. He had miscalculated what to do with Joan. He honestly
should’ve talked with her earlier about what had happened. She was a special case where
dealing with her Palace and removing her Treasure possibly had more problems on her
psyche than expected. Not even Futaba’s Palace had such repercussions.
Ren rubbed his eyes with his fingers. Of all the times for Morgana to be gone… and he
worried for him once more. Was Morgana doing alright? Was he safe? His hand toyed with
the communicator on his wrist to contact him but decided against it. It had only been a day or
so. No doubt Morgana would be safe with his capabilities, especially having both Archer and
Medusa at his side.
Taking a bottle of water, he down a large gulp, feeling it cool and soothe his throat. No matter
what he told himself he could only hope that Morgana was okay.
Loki simply smirked from behind the tent. They had been within the protective cordon of the
talismans (and even if they weren’t, there were ways to get around that) and heard
everything. This power his Masters wielded was quite… flexible. And given his host body
had quite an association with them and their powers, most likely they did too. Hell, they had
already been using it quite a bit, but perhaps not to their full potential.
The trickster god raised a hand in front of them, and at a whim, sent a surge of malice
through. Dark energy crackled and sparked from his fingers – power he was both familiar and
unfamiliar with. All they needed now was a plaything and a situation where he could test it
out and see how it went.
Their smirk broadened in excitement. It seemed their plans bore fruit after all. How exciting.
—------The cloudless, warm day was blanketed by clouds of soot that flung into the air. Small fires
still crackled and blazed, lighting the ashes in small embers. The smell of charred cloth,
wood, and flesh hung heavy in the air. Fresh corpses lay alongside charred bodies, spilling
their lifeblood to the dirt below. A burnt piece of a palisade cracked and toppled into the
ashes, sending it flying upward in an explosive report.
Among it all stood a single, small, solitary figure. The ash covered his fur, staining it grey.
Tears streaked from his eyes, clearing a path as they washed away the grime. He could only
stare in horror at the desolation that was all about him. Surrounding him were Roman
soldiers, cheering his bravery and resourcefulness for an easy victory. However, the cheers
rang hollow, his much-coveted praise falling on deaf ears. He could only see the carnage in
front of him.
They had secured victory. They had established a beachhead. But what did it cost? What
would the future be like? Morgana only had one thought through his mind as he witnessed
the ruin in front of him.
‘What… have I…?’

Chapter End Notes

Discord here:
https://discord.gg/D4c7fRPx

Chapter 52: Solo
Chapter Summary

It had been a while since Morgana ventured by himself.

Chapter Notes

It's TATGO's 1-year anniversary! Huh. Didn't think that much time passed. I definitely
didn't expect to be with this for so long. I hope you guys enjoy reading it for a hopefully
long time to come!
Once more, TATGO has a TV Tropes page!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It had been a few days since they parted ways. The march south from Florence had proven
uneventful overall – the most they had done was stop by Rome to resupply before continuing
on towards the southern docks. Though a force was left to defend the capitol, it was merely a
few hundred Roman soldiers, most of them unfit to serve for one reason or another: The
injured and infirm, the inexperienced and in-training, the brash and the stupid.
All of it served to remind everyone that Nero had bet just about everything on this campaign.
If it failed, then that was that. There would be no more Roman Empire – or human history,
for that matter.
Such facts the soldiers were seemingly trying to ignore as Morgana stalked through the camp,
listening. He had transformed into his cat form once more as he performed his own
reconnaissance, his footsteps silent as he moved between shadows and hopped on tents. It
was easier than he thought – no one really looked up at the tops of tents, nor looked down. If
it weren’t for circumstances, he would’ve laughed at their lax vigilance.
Both Rider and Archer were performing reconnaissance on his orders – Archer acting as a
sentry thanks to his supernatural eyesight, with Rider supplementing him as she patrolled
beyond the bounds of the camp. Morgana rarely left things to chance, especially when they
certainly weren’t surrounded by friends. It was better safe than sorry in such a scenario, even
more so without Joker around.
“So, what do you think about those auxiliaries?”

Morgana froze. Tracking down the source, he stayed close to the tent to conceal himself
before coming across three soldiers sitting on the ground, playing dice. This was a corner of
the camp where there were few patrols and limited sightlines. No doubt that whatever they
were doing most likely wasn’t widely accepted by the army.
A second soldier scoffed as he rolled. “What, those freaks?” he asked scornfully (Morgana’s
fur raised in indignation). “They’re strong but I trust them as far as I can throw them. You
watch, they’ll backstab us as soon as the other guys pay them more, you mark my words.”
“But we haven’t seen any signs of them getting paid,” a third one mused. “And they don’t
talk about money – at all. They seemed more curious about us and the emperor.”
“And that’s the point!” he exclaimed, slapping his knee. “They’re here getting information
about us, then trade them in for even more pay from the enemy! Them fighting with us is just
to lull us into a false sense of security, then right when we need them most, they’ll turn! You
mark my words-!”
“Three sixes,” the first one commented as he raised the cup, revealing the dice.
There was a round of cursing – loudly from the second soldier and quietly from the third one
– as coins exchanged hands. “Look, if the emperor and legates trust them, then so should
we,” the third soldier murmured. “This is the best we’ve done in a while now. Before we
were all just twiddling our thumbs in Rome, waiting for inevitable defeat and death. And now
we’re on this campaign that might actually win.”
Morgana saw the third one open his mouth to retort when the first one scoffed. “The emperor
says a lot,” he grumbled. “I’m not even sure if she knows the ass end of an ass if it’s not
attached to some pretty boy or girl.” The comment elicited quiet chuckles from the third
soldier and almost raucous laughter from the second. “But so long as we get paid and fed, I
don’t care.”
The second soldier scoffed. “You’re almost as mercenary as those auxiliaries,” he muttered,
giving his compatriot a stink-eye.
“So long as I’m still breathing in the end,” he replied with a shrug. “I still got a farm to run so
it’s already been too long, if you ask me.” He tossed the dice back into the cup and began
shaking. “Call it,” he commanded.
The Phantom Thief quietly walked away as the three resumed their game. It had been a
similar story all around from what he had been hearing – a mix of faith in the emperor and
them, skepticism, and criticism. Many of them didn’t care and just wanted to head home. At
least none of them were making plans to spring an ambush when they least expected, but it
was still concerning.
After a bit more wandering, he sauntered back to his tent before accessing his circuits and
transformed back into his Metaverse form. He had more or less been sticking to this form as a
way of practicing his circuits as well as getting more used to his form. Although both the cat
form and his Metaverse form felt natural, he couldn’t deny that he had less practice with the

latter than the former. And with how everything had been shaking down, even a bit more
familiarity with both forms could mean the difference between life and death.
Thinking back, this form would’ve been nice at Ren’s departure, when the van broke down
and he had to repair it. Would it have killed the others to help out a little bit, or at least give
him an extra pair of human hands to work with? Fixing things in cat form wasn’t easy,
especially with tools not meant for cats! Sure, he could do it because he was awesome that
way but that didn’t mean it couldn’t have been easier!
He sat down with a sigh on the bedroll, his eyes easily adjusting to the oncoming darkness of
the evening. With a thought, he quickly reached out to both Archer and Rider.
“Anything out of the ordinary?” he asked.
“A few refugees and wanderers, some beasts, patrols,” Archer drawled from his perch –
wherever it was. “Nothing out of the ordinary, Master.”
“Much the same on my end, Master,” came Medusa’s quiet report. “There appears to be no
external threats for the time being, as before. What of internal? Is there anything to be
concerned about?”
Morgana sighed. “Same as always,” he replied tiredly. “Just the usual small talk between all
the soldiers. The legate seems to be too busy making plans to say anything about us at all. As
far as I know, they’re not planning on either backstabbing us or just leaving us high and
dry.”
Outside, he could hear traces of sergeants shouting orders as the soldiers trained or continued
with their chores as commanded, as well as the occasional stomps of patrols as they weaved
their way around the tents. It was a typical night for a Roman camp all in all.
“Well, if there isn’t anything else, you two get some rest,” he said as he transformed back into
his cat form. “I’m going to catch some shuteye. We’ll need all the energy we can get for
tomorrow.”
“Of course, Master,” Rider replied.
Nodding silently as everyone withdrew their mental links, he curled up in the middle of the
bedroll that was the sole furnishing of the tent. He had to adjust himself and knead the bedroll
several times and even then, it was barely serviceable. As he settled down to sleep, he looked
around the tent and sighed once more before closing his eyes.
It felt overwhelmingly big without Ren.
----------Archer casually kept watch on top of a small hill nearby. Even though it was getting dark, his
eyesight was still able to pick out even the smallest details from miles away. It was a simple
matter for him, especially with reinforcement magecraft. He could’ve done with a bit higher
ground, but this would be serviceable enough regardless.

The camp was quiet, as well as its surroundings, giving him time to think. He had seen much
as a counter guardian, to put it mildly, both supernatural and natural. As much as he racked
his memories though, he couldn’t seem to remember dealing with anything like Ren and
Morgana’s powers and enemies. Granted, it wasn’t as if he was dispatched on every single
counter guardian job, but he had been sent on many regardless.
Persona, Palaces, a cognitive god… frankly, it was almost as unbelievable as these
singularities and Chaldea itself. But then, when it came to the Moonlit World, it was almost
expected to encounter impossibilities on some regular basis at this point.
“Did you notice anything?” Archer asked casually to seemingly nobody.
Rider, who was behind him, answered. “Nothing that requires reporting, Archer,” she
murmured. “It would seem our Master is quite vigilant, especially compared to Ren
Amamiya.”
Archer snorted in agreement. Indeed, Morgana may be the louder mouthed of the two, but he
was far more cautious than his best friend. They hadn’t expected him to call for regular
patrols while he did his own homework, but for the two cautious Servants, they were
pleasantly surprised. So far, their vigils had proven unwarranted as they had been safe, but
that wasn’t something to be left to chance.
The red-mantled hero glanced over. “You could’ve simply told me telepathically there was
nothing to report,” he noted. Rider almost imperceptibly nodded. The Archer was no fool –
he would’ve easily divined her intentions for a conversation. Even though he turned back to
gaze at their surroundings, she could tell he was listening. “So, what do you want to talk
about, Rider?” he asked. “Unless I’m mistaken, I wasn’t aware we were close enough for a
casual conversation.”
Rider was silent and still. Archer had to admit, it was hard to get a good read on Medusa
compared to other Servants. Even Artoria was easier to read than her, despite being a king.
The blindfold certainly didn’t help either – eyes were often the first giveaway to a person’s
thoughts. Regardless, though they weren’t on the best terms, they at least trusted each other
enough to do their jobs.
“Do you trust our Masters?” she asked.
Archer glanced over in mild surprise. “They are naïve,” he admitted. “But they are committed
to doing what good they can. At the very least, I don’t mind helping them out.” He observed
the purple-haired Servant, frowning slightly. “Is there a reason not to?” he asked cautiously.
Medusa didn’t reply. They shared an uncomfortable silence as Archer turned back to keep
watch over the landscape. He waited for her reply – whether for her to actually speak or her
to simply leave, either is likely with her – when she spoke again. “There are some… aspects
about our Masters,” she said, a tint of uncertainty to her normally blank voice. “That I am
unsure about.”
That caught the red-mantled hero’s attention. Medusa was many things, and perceptive was
certainly one of them. Laconic was another; she wouldn’t have spoken about this if she didn’t

believe it was worth talking about. Unlike certain Servants like Marie and Mozart, she wasn’t
the type to indulge in casual gossip. “What do you mean?” Archer asked warily.
The Rider hesitated once more, trying to figure out how best to word this or whether to even
tell him in the first place. “If there was a possibility of having a world where all your dreams
are fulfilled,” she said slowly. “And a chance to see your loved ones again… would you take
such a world, Archer?”
Emiya blinked in surprise at the question, unable to answer the question. Then he gave a
quiet, humorless chuckle. “I didn’t realize you learned how to tell jokes, Rider,” he
commented as he shot her a mirthless smile.
Medusa turned sharply at him, a frown creasing the corners of her lips – the most emotion
she had shown towards him thus far. “And precisely what makes you think I joke, Archer?”
she asked with an edge to her tone.
The red-mantled hero raised two fingers. “First, it is impossible for such a world to exist,” he
explained. “If everyone has dreams or desires, sooner or later, they’ll conflict with one
another. Fulfilling one dream would mean denying another’s dream in turn. Thus, a world
like that is impossible to achieve.” If such a world existed, then that would mean he would no
longer need to be a hero of justice… and thus it would guarantee both his salvation and
damnation. How truly ironic for him in turn.
“The second and most likely reason is that such a world will cause humanity to stagnate,” he
continued. “Alaya won’t allow that. If there is a timeline where such a thing happens, it will
prune the timeline. Conflicting desires and goals are what Alaya wants, to spur on human
development toward one end or another. Therefore, even if such a paradise can be created and
can be made to work, it is ultimately an impossibility.”
Archer glanced back at Medusa, who had gone utterly still, her mouth hanging slightly open
in shock. “I take it our Masters had encountered a way to attain such a world, yet didn’t?” he
asked.
Rider didn’t answer. She didn’t need to.
Emiya only sighed again as he turned back to the landscape. “Why did you even come to me
about this anyway?” he asked wearily. “You should know better as well as I that I don’t have
any answers to this. If anything, I would say this simply causes friction and trouble. I take it
you have a reason, Rider?”
Medusa once more hesitated before answering. “I heard information from our Masters that I
couldn’t rid my thoughts of,” she murmured. “There was no point where I believed it would
be prudent to do so; we were either busy with other matters or it would’ve drawn unwelcome
attention. Specifically from Avenger.”
Okay, Archer had to admit that was a fair point – Loki was the last person who needed to
hear that info, and the trickster god always seemed to be where they weren’t supposed to be.
Or they were. Frankly, predicting their movements was next to impossible if they didn’t wish

to be predicted. Or were they simply just acting randomly so they couldn’t be tracked? Either
way was a possibility.
“And I believe you would be sensible about the information as well,” she added. “You would
not take such a matter lightly, nor dismiss it out of hand. I wished to know and hear your
opinions of it, Archer.”
He glanced over at her and sighed. “There’s little we can do about it at this point,” he
muttered. “They didn’t bring the world to fruition and even if they did, it would have been
pruned regardless. All we can do is see our Masters’ decisions through.”
Once more, Rider was silent. Then she nodded. “You speak sense, Archer,” she murmured
quietly. However, the telltale tremor in her voice notified him that she wasn’t fully convinced
overall. Not that he could blame her. “I will resume my patrol. I don’t believe I need to
mention this, but I do ask for your discretion about this topic.”
Archer sighed aridly. “I would suggest you take that advice yourself first,” he pointed out,
earning him a sharp glare that he could feel despite the blindfold covering Medusa’s eyes.
One that he ignored as he continued scanning the landscape, feeling the Rider’s presence
vanishing behind him. Once she was gone, he could only sigh once again while massaging
his eyes.
Reality Marbles that could be Palaces, which he had. A paradise of a world where everyone’s
desires were fulfilled. Abilities to enter cognitions and change a person from within. The
more he knew about his Masters, the greater the headache he had. Frankly, it was shocking
that the Counter Force hadn’t stepped in at any point of their adventures – especially when
the world was at risk of stagnating.
He glanced back down at the camp, his eyes easily picking out where Morgana was currently
sleeping. Whether here or in a more normal Holy Grail War, things never really got any
easier for him, did they?
---------The day came without much trouble. Once packed up, it was only a short journey south to the
town of Orbetello, reaching there by mid-afternoon. It was a quiet town overall, with one key
disturbance: The huge number of Roman soldiers that were marching through the town,
working on various logistics or engineering works and directing the few citizens left to assist
with that. It ended up being lively, though there was a palpable air of tension throughout.
Morgana followed the soldiers down to the docks below. There were a small number of ships
there of varying sizes. He expected some large warships meant for ferrying all these troops
along, maybe even an entire fleet. What he saw, however, were a number of smaller boats and
a couple larger ships – absolutely none of them looked all that fit for combat. He decided to
send a mental communication to Archer and Rider, who stood beside him.
‘Uh, Nero’s navy looks a bit… sparse,’ he commented.

‘That’s because it is,’ Archer muttered in turn as he looked over the boats with crossed arms
and critical eyes. ‘Those are merely fishing boats and trade barges, not warships. Chances
are good that the legions commandeered them and are refitting them to serve at least as
functional troop transports. They’ll get us to where we need to go, but if we have to fight on
them, we’ll be at a disadvantage.’
‘It would seem even on the naval front, the emperor’s forces are stretched thin,’ Rider
observed drily. ‘I wonder how she expected to pull off this plan.’
The catlike being considered, frowning. Before he could make any further comment, a soldier
ran up. “Auxiliaries,” he panted out. “Legate Evander wishes to speak with you. He is
holding council by the docks.”
Morgana blinked in surprise, then nodded. He turned to the two Servants. “We better meet
with the legate and see what the plan is,” he said. Both Servants nodded in turn. With their
plan made, they traveled down the paved streets of the town towards the docks, led by the
soldier. Before long, they were shown a larger building that seemed to be some sort of office.
Walking through, they came upon the impromptu war room, set up in a meeting room. A map
was hung up on the wall, though another kind of map was laid on the table.
Legate Evander and his officers looked up as they walked in. The former frowned a bit in
displeasure but nodded. “Good, you’re here,” he said curtly. “We’ve much to discuss.”
Morgana nodded without answer and hopped up on the table as the two Servants took their
positions as well. They had no communication with the legate himself during the entire
march, with any messages coming from runners. Granted, there was nothing important he had
to address them directly about, but judging from gossip around the camp, he wasn’t exactly
thrilled at relying on foreigners to save the empire. Still, it couldn’t be helped. So long as he
didn’t get in the way, it should be fine.
“Our scouts have located the enemy encampments on Sicily,” the legate briefed, pointing to
the darker pieces on the southern island. “There are two of them: One closest to the peninsula
and one to the west, most likely to receive supplies and reinforcements. Currently, there are
no naval forces at the encampments that we could see – most likely they are awaiting further
forces and had already dispatched who they could on their earlier invasion.”
“But looking at the geography and the state of the ships, I’m guessing a frontal assault isn’t
gonna be an option?” Morgana asked, stepping forward with his paws crossed.
The legate shot a sharp glance at Morgana but nevertheless nodded. “Quite correct,” he
replied. “They have a good number of vantage points all around, and scouts have spotted
scorpions and onagers along the cliffs. Our ships would be picked off if we approached them
openly.”
The catlike being blinked, wondering if the translation bugged or something. He glanced over
at his Servants in question. “A scorpion is the predecessor of a ballista,” Rider supplied
quietly. “And an onager is a large catapult.”

Morgana nodded in gratitude and understanding before turning back to the others. “Is there
another place where we can land and maybe we could hit them there?” he asked, looking
around.
One of the officers pointed out a spot on the island. “There’s a small cove over here a small
distance from the camp,” he pointed out. “It’s the only viable point of entry that has some
cover from approach. However, as you can see, the various ways out would be in full view of
the encampment. They’ll see us no matter what we do.”
Archer frowned. “And we couldn’t just leave them be?” he asked. “You said yourself that
they don’t have any ships. We could easily set up another base and then continue on without
them the wiser if need be. Even if they attack, we could easily retreat and regroup.”
Evander shook his head. “Not that easy, auxiliary,” he muttered. “The distance from the
island to the mainland is miniscule, even from where they’re located. There’s no shortage of
trees around, and if they’re Romans, they’ll have the know-how to make boats. Even if we
cut them off, they’ll head for the mainland anyway. We’d set up a welcoming party for them
if we had the forces – but we don’t.”
Morgana huffed. “Well, that’s why you’ve got us,” he declared as a plan rapidly formed in his
mind. “I’ll head in by night, scout out the area, and see what I can find out. I’ll relay the
information to Archer and Rider here so that we can see what we can do – maybe I can even
cause a ruckus and give us an opening.”
“Oi, wait,” one officer spoke up. “Why don’t you lot just clear the encampment? We’ve seen
what you can do at this point! The three of you can wipe out the camp easily!”
The Master felt a cold shiver down his spine as the answer popped up in his mind. He turned
to face the questioner grimly. “Because at this point, the enemy forces can easily retreat or
hide if necessary,” he lied. “If they get away, they can provide the enemy with info about us
and make things much harder – worst case, they’ll just go around us and try to hit Rome
again before we can do anything.”
The real reason was that he would rather not have any unnecessary deaths if he can help it.
Was it a stupid decision? Sure. But they could at least come up with some way to either
minimize casualties or drive off the enemy forces without resorting to wholesale killing.
Granted, it was a bit late to think of that when Ren had given orders to ‘drive off’ the
attacking soldiers back in the Appia Road and at Florence…
No. It wasn’t something to think about for now.
The legate considered, rubbing his chin. He frowned at Morgana. “Are you sure about this,
auxiliary?” he questioned. “You’ll be by yourself. If you get caught, your companions will
have to bail you out and things will become extremely messy.”
Morgana huffed. “Who do you think you’re talking to?” he snapped with a glare at the legate.
“I’ll get this done with no problem! Before you know it, we’ll have the encampment and be
well on our way to the next step, you got it!”

Evander narrowed his eyes. “Watch your words, cat,” he growled. “You may have the
emperor’s favor but the empire shall be won back by Roman hands. If you screw this up, you
will have me to answer to, not her. Am I understood on this front?”
The Phantom Thief met his glare without giving an inch. “When I say I can do it, I can,” he
retorted. “Now is there anything else we need to talk about?”
The discussion got back into swing, planning on how to fit the ships so they would be more
serviceable for naval combat as well as how to move troops from island to island, as well as
setting up probable resupply points and bases of operation. The emphasis was having as few
casualties as possible as they didn’t have the manpower or resources to gather more soldiers
or build more ships, which thankfully lined up with Morgana’s thinking.
As he left the meeting after it adjourned, he huffed. They were to set sail tomorrow, after
gathering all the needed supplies and finishing up the refits. “Rider, can you keep an eye on
the legate and officers?” he asked, sending the mental request to the Servant.
“Of course,” she replied simply. Morgana and Archer felt her presence vanish as she left to
shadow them.
“You don’t leave anything to chance,” Archer observed.
Morgana huffed. “We don’t have the option,” he grumbled. “This operation needs to succeed,
and frankly I’m just as worried about the enemies we have here as we have in front of us. I
need to do whatever we can to make sure.”
“And what of Ren and Ritsu?” he asked.
“Joker has a lot of allies and a good head on his shoulders, as well as the emperor’s good
graces over there,” Morgana replied without hesitation. “I don’t need to worry so much
about him. But here, it’s just us. The Romans here don’t like us and we’re gonna be stuck on a
sea campaign which is honestly unfamiliar territory for me.”
He sighed. “This isn’t ideal, but it’s what we got,” he concluded. “It’s why I’ll be trusting you
and Rider for this – can I count on your help to see this through?”
The Archer blinked in surprise, then chuckled. “Next you’ll be asking me to handle your
landings after making some sort of huge jump,” he snarked. “But then, seeing as you’re a cat,
I suppose you’ll be handling your own landings just fine.”
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?!” the Phantom Thief exclaimed angrily. All he got back
was amused chuckles from both Archer and Rider.
It was going to be a busy day.
---------The soft piano music once more reached his ears, comforting and soothing to his senses.
Although he wasn’t frequently here, he could never forget it. Nor could he ever forget the

atmosphere – the air of anticipation, of dread, of hope, and of so many other emotions that
composed that of humanity. It washed over his fur like nothing else in the world.
After all, how could he ever forget the feeling of home?
He walked down the hallway that led to the center of the Velvet Room. The outer edges were
lined with small hallways with their own cells, but like the ones within, they were all empty.
Unlike the time with the imposter Igor, this place was strictly only for invited guests. While it
looked like a prison, it wasn’t supposed to function as one until it was abused.
Really, how Yaldabaoth made such a mockery of this place made his blood boil on end. At
least the whole matter was cleaned up now.
As he approached the center, he looked up at the three figures that were always here. Two of
them were smiling warmly at him, while the third was looking at him with bemused curiosity.
“It has been some time, Morgana,” Lavenza noted. “I do hope your travels have been treating
you well.”
“They have been, lady Lavenza,” he replied respectfully. As much as he played himself up,
even he knew that Lavenza and Igor deserved nothing but respect. “It’s definitely a lot
different than back in Tokyo, but I’ll see it through. Can’t disappoint Joker, after all.”
“I doubt you will, but that is reassuring to hear, nevertheless,” she replied with a gentle smile.
“You are facing your own trials and tribulations that are equal to what the Trickster now faces
– perhaps even more so. Though we cannot help you as we help the Trickster, we will support
you how we can.”
Morgana bowed. “That already means a lot to me, thank you,” he replied gratefully. Then a
thought entered his mind. “How IS Joker doing, by the way?” he asked. “He’s not already
getting into trouble without me, is he?
“Our dear guest is encountering some troubles,” Igor admitted from his table, drawing
Morgana’s attention coupled with surprise and worry. “However, it is nothing he cannot
ultimately handle. We will counsel him if he believes it necessary but is well within his
limits. You need not worry, Magician.”
The catlike being only blinked several times before groaning in exasperation. “I was only
gone a few days and he’s already getting in trouble,” he grumbled. “Well, it wouldn’t be
Joker if that wasn’t the case. I’m sure you guys are right anyway. He’s come out of stickier
situations.” That certainly wouldn’t mean he wouldn’t worry though. How could he not?
He looked over at Olga. “Don’t think we really had a chance to talk all that much,” he noted.
“How’s the Velvet Room treating you?”
Olga nodded in respect. “It has treated me just fine,” she replied. “There is much I need to
study and more that needs to be done, but it’s nothing I can’t handle. But more importantly,
something I needed to address immediately.” With that, Olga bowed. “I’m sorry.”

That caught Morgana by surprise. Glancing over and seeing Lavenza blinking in surprise, she
wasn’t expecting that either. Igor, however, seemed the same as always. He had a knack for
expecting this kind of stuff, didn’t he? Well, that was Master Igor for them. “Er, for what?”
he stammered out, looking back at Olga.
“I had shown you a rather disgraceful attitude back in Fuyuki, even labelling you a
Monstrous Beast,” she replied in a contrite tone. “I have been discourteous and ungrateful.
Both you and Ren have gone out of your way to help me and even save my life. Perhaps it is
late to do so, but I still wish to apologize and make amends.”
Morgana blinked again in surprise, then rubbed the back of his head, abashed. “Ah, it’s fine,”
he reassured her. “Water under the bridge at this point. Ren’s already told me you’ve been
doing everything you can to help him, so we’ll call it even! We’re just glad we have you on
our side!”
The attendant-in-training stood back up, blinking in surprise. Nearby, Igor chuckled. “As you
can see, neither our dear guest nor the Magician bear any grudges against you,” he explained,
his ever-present smile widening a bit. “They are far different than the magi you are more
accustomed to dealing with – a breath of fresh air for you, I should think.”
Olga sighed before nodding in resigned acceptance. Morgana tilted his head in curiosity.
“Were the magi you had to deal with not as forgiving?” he asked.
The former director scoffed, running a hand through her hair. “If they did forgive me, it’s
only so I would be in their pocket for some future favor,” she muttered. “Honestly, I would
say you and Ren are incredibly naïve, dealing with people so easily and in such a
straightforward method. Magi would run circles around the two of you and manipulate you
both for their own ends constantly until you either exhausted your use or you died.”
The catlike being bristled and was about to retort when Olga looked back down at Morgana.
“But clearly, your method is working far better than mine,” she admitted. “And there’s a
reason why you’re alive and are the Masters of Chaldea instead of me. It seems I’ve still
much to learn despite everything. I thank you and apologize once more for placing the burden
of Chaldea and the world on your and Ren’s shoulders.”
With the apology, Morgana deflated a bit. He hadn’t expected the sharp-tongued former
director to be so… contrite. It took the wind right out of his sails. He sighed. “Look, apology
accepted,” he replied earnestly. “Now can you cut it out? I’m not good at dealing with this
kind of thing and honestly, you’re better when you’re your usual self. We’ll be counting on
you from here on out, so I hope you’re ready for that.”
Olga blinked, then chuckled – a sound that Morgana honestly hadn’t heard before. “Amamiya
said much the same thing,” she replied. “Very well. I will be at your service whenever you
require me. For now, it seems that day is breaking. You should probably head back.”
Morgana nodded. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Lots to do today. Olga. Lady Lavenza. Master. I’ll see
you guys when I see you!” With that, he waved as he walked down the hallway leading out of
the Velvet Room, soon vanishing into the shadows.

Lavenza glanced over at Olga. “Did you not wish to show them your project?”
She shook her head in response. “Not until it’s ready,” she replied firmly. “I should get back
to it. They’ll most likely need it before long.” With that, she turned on her heel and walked,
soon vanishing into another pocket of the Velvet Room.
Igor chuckled. “What a remarkable group we have this time, don’t we, Lavenza?” he asked,
looking over at the senior attendant.
Lavenza smiled in agreement. Remarkable indeed.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/D4c7fRPx

Chapter 53: Attack
Chapter Summary

It's a covert operation. So of course everything goes wrong.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV tropes page! Please contribute!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The day started early. The legion got their supplies and ship refitting done overnight as they
worked and rested in shifts. Morgana had an uneasy rest as they moved about, both feeling
wary yet guilty of being unable to help. Plus, he did need to rest – he had emphasized to Ren
how a good night’s sleep is always important, and he wasn’t about to back away from his
own advice. Archer and Rider were keeping an eye on things, and despite everything, neither
of them had anything to report.
Before long, they were setting sail. A reserve force was left at Orbetello to serve as
reinforcements and a rear guard as necessary while the first expedition set forth. The flagship
was a trade barge that, like the others, had been converted into an impromptu warship, with
scorpions and bundles of arrows lining up on the sides of the ship for use. All around them,
various other converted ships followed them, their sails filled with the sea wind. And all of
them were laden with soldiers, about two hundred total.
Morgana watched from the prow. The sun glimmered off the sea in a fantastic filigree of light
as the ship cleaved through the waves. It rocked steadily up and down and, while it took a bit
of getting accustomed to, he eventually found his sea legs and was able to keep his balance.
To his left, he could see in the distance the ardent landscape of the Italian peninsula as they
sailed by, following along the coastline.
Despite the danger of the mission and the scale of the expedition they had to undertake,
Morgana couldn’t help but be drawn by it all. This was really like an adventure from the old
times! What he wouldn’t give to have the other guys with him, particularly Ren or Lady Ann.
Come to think of it, he hadn’t been on a ship before. His adventures with the other Phantom
Thieves didn’t need a boat for the most part. Shido’s Palace didn’t count either – not only was
it a cruise liner, but it was also a cognitive background which meant it probably wasn’t

realistic. Plus, having it sail through the ruins of Tokyo as a representative of an ark didn’t
make for a pleasant time on sea. This was far nicer.
“Does the sea entrance you so, Master?”
The catlike being blinked in surprise as he turned and saw Rider standing there. Instead of
her usual blank expression, she bore a hint of a smile. Morgana laughed abashedly. “It’s my
first time really seeing it like this,” he admitted, looking back out with a wide smile. “Just
seeing the sea stretch beyond forever and ever, watching the shore go by, it just feels like you
can go anywhere, wherever you want.”
He turned back to Rider with glimmering eyes. “And the fish!” he exclaimed. “How many
fish do you think we can catch here? Albacore? Sea Bream? Maybe even tuna! Do you know
how long it has been since I’ve had fatty tuna?! The sea’s great!”
Rider could only blink in surprise underneath her blindfold before chuckling in amusement.
For all the carefulness and planning her Master did while on the march, she didn’t expect him
to act so… childish. Frankly, it was kind of refreshing, all things considered. “The sea does
hold many wonders,” she murmured in agreement, stepping closer to the prow. Though
Medusa couldn’t see, she could hear the crashing of the ocean and feel the spray against her
skin.
It reminded her of past times. Both good and bad.
“You’ve been on the sea a lot, Rider?” Morgana asked out of curiosity.
She shook her head. “Not especially,” she answered. “But my homes were often located close
to the sea. For Greeks, it was one of the key methods of travel, after all, so we became
accustomed to it quickly. Many wonders were found across the seas – and many dangers as
well.”
The two were silent for a moment, drinking in the landscape, before Morgana’s curiosity got
the better of him. “What kind of dangers?” he asked.
Medusa turned to the catlike being, her small smile widening just a bit. “There are two I can
immediately think of,” she murmured. “The Charybdis and the Scylla. The former creates a
giant whirlpool to drag ships to the deep and feast on their corpses. The latter has nine heads,
each one able to grab a man whole. They are right next to each other, so ships have no choice
but to navigate between the two.”
Her smile steadily widened at the same time as Morgana’s eyes. “Sailors passing through had
no choice,” she continued. “They could either chance the Charybdis and risk the entire ship…
or pass by Scylla and inevitably lose nine men. Some chose Charybdis, yet they always failed
and fell to the depths. With Scylla, they could pass so long as they paid their toll. Its heads
would stretch out and snatch the men from the ships, screaming and flailing, and pull them to
its cave to be devoured, one after another as the ship now sailed safely forward-“
“You realize this is a terrible time and place for nautical horror stories, right?” Archer
drawled casually nearby, raising an eyebrow. Morgana turned to look and several soldiers

who were nearby had been listening in and had turned pale, gazing with wide-eyed horror.
Morgana turned back to Rider with a glare. “You did that on purpose, didn’t you?” he asked
accusingly.
Rider smirked. “I merely answered your question, Master,” she replied, a hint of amusement
betraying her usual stoic demeanor.
The catlike being could only sigh, shooting a disgruntled glare as the red-mantled hero also
chuckled at Morgana’s expense. Still, turning back to the sea, he did feel a bit more relaxed.
Now it was just watching the landscape and the sea roll by as they moved to their destination
as the officers behind them barked orders to keep them sailing. This may be war, but at least
there were moments to relax overall. And despite everything, those were still important. For
now, they could only rest and wait.
…
He wondered if there was a fishing rod around here.
----------The sun was dipping below the horizon as the island of Sicily came into view. They had
sailed almost in a straight line, but had to disembark multiple times to resupply at various
ports or forage for more supplies – such was the dire situation the army was in. Thankfully
they had accumulated enough that further resupply runs wouldn’t be necessary. Now it was
simply a matter of recapturing the islands and making their way westward.
They were some ways out, enough that Morgana standing at the prow of the ship had to strain
his eyes to look. He thought he saw a glimmer of torches being lit, but other than a brown
line indicating where the erected palisades of the encampment were, he couldn’t see much.
“Archer, got anything?” he asked.
The red-mantled hero narrowed his eyes as he observed the encampment. “They have
soldiers patrolling the walls as well as watchtowers,” he noted. “And it seems they also built
some gates as well. Other than that, I can’t see into the camp from this angle.”
That was about what Morgana expected. He hopped off the prow as legate Evander stepped
up. “Dusk will soon be upon us,” he said. “There will be no better time to approach. I will
have my men transport you to the cove so you may commence-”
“That will be unnecessary,” Rider murmured, catching everyone by surprise. “I will ship our
Master over.”
Morgana blinked. “You know how to steer a ship?” he asked, astonished.
Another faint smirk from Rider. “I believe I shall manage,” she replied.
The legate was surprised by the Rider’s offer but sighed. “Very well,” he grumbled. “We’ll
leave the approach to you, auxiliaries. I’ll emphasize once more both the dangerousness of
this mission and the need for results. Do not be careless.”

The catlike being scoffed. “Please, I can be reckless, yes, but not careless,” he grumbled.
“Archer, stay behind and relay what information I find to the others. Rider, let’s get going.”
“Sounds good, Master,” Archer replied.
“Of course, Master,” Rider acceded.
A fishing boat was brought over for Morgana and Rider to board. With a deft hand, Rider
pulled on the ropes and trimmed the sails, allowing them to catch the slightest breeze and set
in motion. The boat bobbed thanks to the lighter weight it had with only two occupants
aboard, but aside from that, it was relatively stable.
As Medusa adjusted the rudder to maintain their bearing towards the cove, she glanced over
at Morgana who once more was at the prow. Both him and Ren were the ones who had
denied paradise – and a possible method for her to go back to how things used to be for her
and her sisters. Would Morgana give the same answer he did? Did he have a different
perspective on it? There would be no better time to ask, after all.
Then she remembered what Archer said and internally sighed. Even if she asked now, what
did she hope to accomplish? The chance was gone – no, it never existed for her in the first
place - and all the questioning in the world wouldn’t make a difference. She had regrets –
many of them – and this was merely one more. She would rather not compound them if she
could help it. All she could do now was act as a Servant should: serving as her Masters’ hand
and will.
“Everything alright, Rider?”
She blinked and looked up to see Morgana staring at her. “You looked like you were lost in
thought,” he pointed out, looking concerned. “Is something the matter?”
Rider hesitated for a second, then shook her head. “It is nothing, Master,” she lied easily.
“Merely thinking about what needed to be done.”
Morgana frowned slightly but nodded regardless. She could tell he didn’t believe her, but he
wasn’t going to press the topic. Not right now, anyway. The cove approached closer and
closer with the cliffs looming above as sun continued to set, shadows lengthening.
They had a mission to complete.
----------For most people, sneaking into a Roman encampment would be a fool’s errand. Sentries and
patrols monitored the camp and its surroundings, always vigilant. The tents provided poor
cover overall, with a stray shadow or movement giving away a person’s position. Torches
fought back against the oncoming darkness, allowing little concealment. Even the best
assassins or spies would be hard-pressed to infiltrate such a location.
For a catlike Phantom Thief, however? There was nothing to it.

Once they reached the cove, Rider beached the boat to allow Morgana to disembark. She
would remain on standby in case he needed reinforcements. Archer was still watching the
encampment carefully for any strange movements he could see. With that, he transformed
back into his cat form and approached the camp. With his dark fur, it was easy to flit from
shadow to shadow. Combined with his skills and experience, even the most sharp-eyed sentry
would be hard-pressed to find him.
Infiltrating the encampment had been a simple method of slipping by the guards around
corners and walking in. After that, he weaved through makeshift paths within and hopped on
top of tents. His experience keeping an eye on legate Evander’s forces paid off dividends as
he easily maneuvered through watchful patrols and sentries. With the organized, standardized
structure of Roman encampments, he had the place mentally mapped out in no time.
However, he noticed something odd. It was oddly… quiet. No conversations or arguments
among the soldiers. The officers were still barking orders but rather than the usual
grumblings, the soldiers seemed to just do as they were ordered. Did they all have orders to
stay silent? Considering how close they were to Rome, it wouldn’t surprise him if discipline
was ordered to be stricter than usual. But still, something didn’t sit right with him.
“Doesn’t seem like anything’s too weird here, but everyone’s too quiet,” he shared to both
Rider and Archer. “I don’t like it. Be ready for anything.” Both Archer and Rider mentally
acknowledged the information as Morgana continued making his way through the camp. The
command tent should at least have some information he could work with.
He noted the front gate which opened to the beach proper as he passed by. Nothing too
special – doors that opened outward with a wooden bar blocking it. It would be a simple
matter to use Zorro to cut that open and open it for everyone else. Another bit of information
he relayed to Archer, who then relayed it to the legate in turn.
The command tent, as he expected, was the largest one in the middle of the camp. There
weren’t any soldiers at the entrance, however, which was odd. Frowning, he considered his
approach. It neighbored multiple tents and the entrance was open. He could quietly stalk in
from the front but if there was anyone inside, they would be keeping their attention on the
entrance.
Deciding to scope it out a bit more, he nimbly jumped up a neighboring tent before leaping to
the top of the command tent. His ears twitched as he tried to catch any conversation or
arguments within. Again, to his surprise, there was nothing. Did they already finish their
meetings and debates, or just broke for dinner? And yet, he couldn’t shake the feeling of a
presence within. A hunch and instinct from being a Phantom Thief.
Still, there was nothing for it. They might have a plan or directions written down that he
could read. Jumping back down the ground, he decided to risk it. Moving to the neighboring
tents so no one could easily see him, he used his head to push past the fabric of the tent from
the ground to slip in. Inside was surprisingly dark, with the only illumination coming from
outside. There wasn’t even anything in the tent – except for one thing.
A rather ornate chair, sitting in the middle. Sitting in it was a large man, seemingly asleep. He
was dressed in more ornate Roman armor, with tanned skin and short-cropped blue hair.

There was an aura about him even when asleep that set his fur on edge. He quietly backed out
of the tent, careful to make as little sound as possible. He immediately contacted the two.
‘There’s someone in the command tent, asleep,’ Morgana relayed. ‘There weren't any plans or
maps or anything, just him. And… I don’t know, something about him creeps me out.’
‘What does he look like?’ Archer asked.
‘Big guy, short blue hair, Roman armor,’ the catlike being listed as he prowled between tents
to avoid the patrols. ‘I dunno if he already planned things out or he’s one of the incompetent
generals that Nero had been talking about before, but he didn’t have anything on him.’
The sense of alarm from both Archer and Rider immediately set Morgana on edge. ‘What,
what is it?´ he hurriedly asked. ‘Do you guys know who he is?’
‘That man may be a Servant,’ Archer reported grimly, freezing Morgana on the spot. ‘Were
you able to get away?’
Morgana nodded despite no one being able to see him. ‘Yeah, I got out of there when I saw
there was nothing in the tent,’ he responded. ‘But a Servant… the legate and his forces will
be slaughtered if we just go about this normally.’
‘They would,’ Rider agreed. ‘Do you have a plan, Master?’
He thought for a second, hopping up to another tent to get a better view of what was going
on. ‘We need to take this encampment,’ he muttered. ‘So we can’t avoid this fight. But we can
at least minimize the damage. I’m going to get the gate open. Archer, tell the legate to get in
position and start sailing in. Let me know when you guys get close enough and I’ll open the
gate.’
‘Risky,' Archer noted. ‘The soldiers, including the Servant, will be on you if you do so.’
‘No, they won’t,’ Morgana replied confidently. ‘Rider, I need you to be a distraction. Don’t
take out too many – enough so that they’ll think you’re enough of a threat and will chase you
down all over the other side of the camp. It’ll be dangerous, but can you handle it?’
‘The danger is irrelevant,’ Rider responded simply. ‘It will be done.’
Morgana frowned at her response but decided against saying something about it. Not the
time. ‘Alright. Archer, when you’re halfway to the camp, let us know – that’ll be Rider’s
signal. Once you guys have hit the shore, I’ll get the gate open. Everyone ready?’
Both Rider and Archer acknowledged it. Morgana took a deep breath. ‘Then begin,’ he
commanded.
They both waited as Archer relayed Morgana’s plan to the legate. Though he couldn’t see
what was going on, he knew that the legate wouldn’t pass up the opportunity to secure a
clean victory. There was nothing but silence for a while as the legate’s forces began
approaching the island. Morgana listened carefully to see if they were detected but so far,
nothing. Seems the legate knew how to do a stealthy naval landing too.

“Rider,” Archer signaled.
The only indication was a whisper of wind before Rider landed on the other side of the camp.
Her chain spikes rattled in the air as they found their marks in two patrolling soldiers. There
were immediate shouts as the others began trying to fight or chase her, to no avail. Often, she
stayed in one place just long enough for the soldiers to start catching up, getting even within
blade’s reach, before quickly dashing away right out of their reach to their frustration and
anger. Before long, she had a good portion of the camp chasing her all over.
Morgana was about to remind Rider to also catch the attention of the potential Servant when
her chains shot out once more, tearing apart the command tent. The man stirred and opened
his eyes. The catlike being couldn’t see too well from where he stationed himself, but he
could’ve sworn the man’s eyes were black. Maybe it was just the poor lighting?
Any further thoughts were blown away as the man roared in rage and charged at Rider. He
was far, far faster than any of the other soldiers, cementing his status as a Servant – and more
importantly, he quickly caught up to her. She barely dodged the flurry of barehanded punches
from the enemy Servant and jumped back, trying to get some distance.
The Phantom Thief’s eyes widened in shock as he immediately mentally reached out to
Archer. ‘The Servant has Rider on the ropes! We need backup no-‘ Morgana’s message was
interrupted as he heard explosions on the beach. ‘Archer, what the heck is going on over
there?!?’ he demanded.
‘It seems the enemy forces have decided to stop playing around,’ Archer groused. ‘There are
golems forming on the beach over here. They’ll slaughter the Roman forces if not dealt with.
My apologies, Master, but I won’t be able to reinforce Rider right now.’
Morgana clicked his tongue in frustration as he looked back. The pursuing soldiers which
normally wouldn’t be a problem for Rider were hemming her in. It would take only a split
second for her to deal with or dodge them, but that same split second was also necessary to
avoid the next punch from the furious Servant. As much as he wanted to trust Rider to handle
herself, it was getting far too close for his comfort.
‘Archer, I’m opening the gate!’ he yelled. ‘I’m trusting you to get the soldiers in here!’
Without waiting for a reply, he transformed into his Metaverse form and stood in front of the
gate as his circuits flared to life.
“Zorro!” he cried.
The persona burst into existence with a flash of blue flame once more, its audacious grin
unchanged as always. Tracing a pattern with his rapier, a gust of wind sliced the door bar to
pieces. Another gust blasted it open. Morgana’s eyes widened at the sight past the gates: large
bipedal beings made of earth and stone standing on the beach, hauling boulders and lobbing
them at the incoming ships. Faint glimmers of light shone in the air before the rocks
exploded, followed by the golems shortly after.
The sound of stomping sandals caught Morgana’s attention. Multiple soldiers had drawn their
gladii and were charging him. Zorro blasted them away with more wind, causing them to

crash among the tents. He raced among the tents, weaving past the other soldiers as he tried
to catch up to Rider and the other Servant (probably a Berserker given his incomprehensible
rage).
As he did, he witnessed the Servant landing a punch to Rider’s gut. Morgana’s eyes widened
in horror as she was blasted back through several tents and into the palisade, shattering it into
splinters. Already, the Servant was about to follow up when Morgana interfered, summoning
Zorro once more and sending a gust of wind to slice the Servant. “Hey!” he cried. “Over
here, you big lug!”
The Servant froze and slowly turned towards him “Ne...ro…?” he gasped out, his voice
guttural and pained.
Morgana blinked then groaned in frustration. “Oh, for crying out loud, I DO NOT SOUND
LIKE NERO!” he roared.
“Nero!” he growled as he stomped forward. Now that he was fully facing him, Morgana
could see that his eyes were definitely black, coupled with red irises. The sheer intensity of
his glare caused him to involuntarily take a step back, almost stumbling off the tent. “Nero
Nero Nero Nero NERO!!!!” he roared as he charged.
“Uh – OH CRAP!” Morgana exclaimed before he jumped, barely dodging the Servant who
bowled through the tents.
“NERO!!!” the Servant roared once more, frothing at the mouth as he caught himself and
charged again, knocking over soldiers, tents, torches, and basically everything in his mad
charge. Morgana barely dodged again in time and began making a mad dash to escape,
leaping past tents, crates, and other supplies in an effort to slow the madman down – and
having about as much effect as stopping a landslide as the man charged past everything with
ease. His only advantage was his maneuverability thanks to his small size – an advantage that
was rapidly diminishing.
“Zorro!” Morgana desperately called out. The persona flashed into being once more and fired
another gust of wind, aiming at the Servant’s leg. The Servant roared and charged headlong –
right into the wind, causing him to stumble to his knees with a cut up leg. Panting, Morgana
prepared another attack as a boxing glove on a spring appeared in the air above the Servant,
when suddenly he roared and charged Morgana, fist raised.
His eyes widened as time slowed. He was fast, but this was way too fast. He couldn’t dodge.
He couldn’t block. If he took that head on, he would die. No, he would take it head on. And
with that, he would die. Still, he wasn’t about to give up. There had to be something he could
do. Anything! The fist got closer and closer as the sound of chains faintly rattled in the airA pair of spikes on chains impaled themselves in the Servant’s arm and fiercely yanked it
away, barely missing Morgana. The catlike Master looked over to see Rider gritting her teeth,
blood oozing from her mouth as she barely held her ground. The maddened Servant roared as
he pulled his arm back, nearly yanking her off her feet. With a quick flick, the spikes popped
out of his arms and back to her hands.

Quickly regaining her senses, Morgana quickly summoned Zorro again. A trace of the
persona’s rapier later and a green glow surrounded Rider, healing her wounds. “Rider, get
him away from here!” he shouted. “He’ll slaughter everyone if we don’t!”
At the sound of his voice, the Servant whirled around on Morgana again. “NERO-!” he
roared again before being tackled by Rider and dragged away once more with her chains.
Before long, the only signs of their battle were the maddened Servant’s roars and the crashes
as the two battled. Good – with that Servant occupied, that means the normal Roman soldiers
wouldn’t have to deal with him.
He turned towards the gate and saw that the Roman soldiers had breached the opened gate
and were fighting the United Roman Empire forces. With how disorganized the enemy
soldiers were, they rapidly fell beneath Evander’s forces. Their pilum and gladii flashed out,
cutting down them down left and right as they pushed further into the camp, their bodies
piling on the groundMorgana slowly looked around him. The camp was in flames. Some of the United Roman
Empire forces rushed about the camp with buckets of water, trying to put out the numerous
fires. Others were trying to rally a desperate defense against the incoming attack, the officers
barking orders before getting cut down. The distant crashes and explosions rattled the air as
both Rider and Archer dealt with their respective challenges.
Then suddenly, there was an explosion as Rider and the Servant crashed nearby, sending
debris flying everywhere. A stray rock struck Morgana in his head – and he knew no more.
--------A pulsing headache was what greeted Morgana as he blearily opened his eyes. All he saw
was the canvas of a tent. Faint sunlight was shining through the fabric. Was it morning or
evening? He was lying on something soft, with something wrapped around his head. He
gingerly reached up with his paw and felt a bandage. He could hear the waves from the sea
nearby, each crash sending fresh waves of pain through his skull. Where… was he? He tried
to speak but his throat felt dusty.
“Wait, keep still.”
Morgana blinked in surprise as a soldier appeared in his vision, gently pushing him back
down. “Where am…?” he rasped.
“A base camp on the beach,” the soldier explained gently. “You were struck by some debris
from those… people fighting. We brought you here to recover.” He stood up and walked to a
nearby table, rapidly grinding up some herbs in a mortar and pestle and adding water to it
before pouring the mixture into a wooden bowl.
With that, he brought it over to Morgana. “Here, drink this,” he murmured, supporting the
catlike being’s head.
He didn’t drink just yet, looking around the tent. “Wh-where are… the others…?” he croaked
out. He sent a weak mental link out to check where they are – and found immediate

responses.
‘Master, are you alright?’ Rider asked.
‘Barely. Can hardly think. Are you guys…?’
‘We’re fine,’ came Archer’s reply. ‘We left you in the care of the legion’s field medics so we
can take care of the second encampment. We were skeptical at first but it seems the army’s
opinions of us have changed. You’re in safe hands.’
‘If you say so,’ Morgana groaned. ‘And the enemy Servant…?’
‘He was tossed off a cliff,’ Rider replied. ‘Unfortunately, I was unable to confirm his death.
My apologies, Master.’
The Master blinked and sighed. ‘Can’t be helped,’ he dismissed. ‘Are you alright, though?
That seemed tough.’
‘Nothing to be concerned about,’ she replied. ‘Now rest. We shall brief you later.’
Morgana nodded even though neither of them were there – and noticed the field medic
looking at him with a raised eyebrow. “Are you done?” he asked with a note of impatience.
The catlike being sighed and nodded, allowing him to help him take the medicine. It was an
odd, bittersweet taste to it. He could only hope it wasn’t poison. After he finished, the medic
laid him back down on the bed. “Now rest,” he ordered. “Your injury wasn’t severe, but you
need to take it easy.”
He only nodded as the medic left the tent, leaving him staring up at the top of the tent. He
wondered how the battle went overall. He wanted to summon Zorro and patch himself up but
when he tried, all he got was a spike of pain through his head. He sighed. His eyelids started
to close. He wondered how Ren was doing…?
---------The cloudless, warm day was blanketed by clouds of soot that flung into the air. Small fires
still crackled and blazed, lighting the ashes in small embers. The smell of charred cloth,
wood, and flesh hung heavy in the air. Fresh corpses lay alongside charred bodies, spilling
their lifeblood to the dirt below. A burnt piece of a palisade cracked and toppled into the
ashes, sending it flying upward in an explosive report.
Soldiers patrolled around, grabbing what supplies were burnt or ruined from the fighting the
night prior. There wasn’t left that was usable aside from the fringes where the fire hadn’t
reached them. It wasn’t a great loss overall, however – their supplies were still surprisingly
decent as they didn’t have to use much for the battle. Multiple soldiers were currently fishing
off the ships to restock some of their food supplies as more gathered lumber from the nearby
forest.
Among it all stood a single, small, solitary figure. The ash covered his fur, staining it grey.
Tears streaked from his eyes, clearing a path as they washed away the grime. He could only

stare in horror at the desolation that was all about him. Surrounding him were Roman
soldiers, cheering his bravery and resourcefulness for an easy victory. However, the cheers
rang hollow, his much-coveted praise falling on deaf ears. He could only see the carnage in
front of him.
Hearing approaching footsteps, he turned to see Legate Evander. “I must admit, I had my
reservations about all of you,” he admitted. “I had expected this mission to have a high
casualty rate and our supplies to be stretched thin. At worst, perhaps you would be traitors
and our emperor would be mistaken in her judgment.”
His face broke into a wide grin – the first time Morgana saw such an expression. “But you
have succeeded with distinction and because of that, many lives and supplies were spared.”
He saluted Morgana. “I’m proud and glad to have you all on our side.” With that, he walked
off to continue monitoring the soldiers as well as keeping stock of what they had found and
gathered, leaving the Master standing there.
And yet, Morgana barely heard him as he stared at everything. The medicine from the field
medic worked wonders – his mind had recovered enough to summon Zorro and fully heal
him, allowing him to fully take in the aftermath. They had secured victory and had
established a beachhead. But what did it cost? What would the future be like? Morgana only
had one thought through his mind as he witnessed the ruin in front of him.
‘What… have I…?’
A squawk of dismay immediately caught Morgana’s attention. Whirling about, he saw a
soldier had stumbled backwards, crawling away from a corpse with eyes wide in terror.
“What-what kind of abomination-!” he stammered.
Needing a distraction and wasting no time, Morgana jogged over to where the soldier was.
His cry had attracted the legate, who had been nearby as well. “Is this your first time seeing a
corpse, soldier?” the legate asked sternly. “On your feet. We’ll be seeing plenty more before
long.”
The soldier fervently shook his head. “I-I’m a veteran of no small number of b-battles, sir,”
he argued. “I’ve s-seen my fair sh-share of corpses.” He pointed to the corpse of the United
Roman Empire soldier he had been stripping supplies off of. “Th-that is not a c-corpse of a hhuman!” he cried.
Morgana narrowed his eyes as he stepped toward the corpse – and reeled backwards with a
shout. The soldier looked almost every inch a human, except for some very distinct features:
The soldier was missing eyes completely. Where the eyes were supposed to be, there was just
skin. And while there were numerous gashes and wounds, they were all oozing some sort of
clear liquid as opposed to blood. With these two facts, the corpse looked distinctly inhuman.
The legate scowled and marched forward. Taking out a knife, he stabbed it into the corpse’s
belly and cut horizontally – and more transparent ichor spilled out as the legate jumped back
to avoid getting any on his skin. “No organs, no blood,” he growled as he shook his knife,

getting the stuff off. “Just this… mess. This isn’t even a Roman – it’s some damned
mockery.”
There were more shouts of terror all around them. It seemed that many of the corpses were
much the same as this one. The only exceptions were the officers, who were still very much
human. But the destruction of the camp had been far too thorough, and dead men did not
speak. The catlike being could only look about in dazed horror.
The campaign had just begun.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/BfyDraNy

Chapter 54: Storm Clouds
Chapter Summary

An end of one fight, and the start of another.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The sun was setting. After cleaning up the camp, they marched along the shoreline towards
the western point of the island. Aside from some animals prowling about, there were hardly
any disturbances. There weren’t even any straggler United Roman Empire forces, despite the
legate’s forces and the two Servants searching and surveying the area. Were they all centered
on the camps? It was hard to say overall, but there certainly weren’t any complaints.
The next evening, they arrived at the other United Roman Camp. This one was in far better
condition since it wasn’t lit on fire. However, the casualties were more contained and total –
all the soldiers, from the inhuman rank-and-file to the fully human officers were cut down
within the camp. Multiple holes littered the outside of the palisades: evidence of Archer’s
handiwork preventing any escapes. There were even some boats left adrift just off the shore –
actual Roman warships as opposed to the jury-rigged boats the Roman Empire currently had.
Evander was more than pleased with their work and set the troops to get to work with cleanup – disposing of corpses and getting the blood off the ground and tents, leaving the field
medics to dissect the inhuman soldiers, inventorying supplies, and of course, securing the
ships. All in all, morale was incredibly high as they worked. Casualties had basically been
zero aside from one or two injured and they secured more supplies. The soldiers cheered that
it was an auspicious start to the campaign, inhuman soldiers aside, and cheered the auxiliaries
and their efforts.
And yet despite everything, Morgana wasn’t happy. Sitting on top of a nearby hill, he
watched the soldiers within the captured camp work. Moreover, he stared at the corpses as
they were being moved. Sure, they weren’t human and sure, he didn’t kill them directly,
but…
He stared down at his paws. Regardless of everything, the intent was there. In their
adventures, the Phantom Thieves had been fairly ruthless overall, dispatching shadows and
dealing with Palace rulers without issue. But that didn’t matter too much - after all, shadows
were nothing more than just duplications from the Sea of Souls. Even when Ren contracted
with them, it was essentially securing a ‘link’ to them in the Sea proper. In a way, the
shadows they fought were kind of a similar concept to Servants.

Morgana laid back, trying to wrestle with his thoughts. If that’s the case, where did they draw
the line? Where could they draw the line? The Phantom Thieves agreed to no killing, but how
much could they stretch that for Servants? Would killing those inhuman soldiers be fine?
Could they strike with killing intent in the real world as opposed to just the Metaverse?
And that was the other point: this was the real world, not the Metaverse. In the Metaverse,
things were ironically easy – there were cognitions, shadows, and Palace rulers. Everything
was one or the other. Cognitions could be shadows and vice versa, but Palace rulers were
Palace rulers. It drew a clear line on who to deal with and who to spare. But the real world
had no such easy labels. If they became as ruthless as they were in the Metaverse, there was a
high possibility of making a critical mistake they couldn’t easily fix.
He sighed. This was complicated.
“You seem troubled.”
The catlike being blinked and looked up to see Archer approaching him. He crossed his arms
as he watched the Roman soldiers in the camp work. “We have a decent start to this
campaign, Master, do not worry about that,” he reassured him. “It’s better if we conserve as
many of the Roman forces as we can before the final push. We’ll need to be cautious but it
shouldn’t be anything we can’t handle.”
“Oh, er, yeah,” Morgana muttered. “Yeah, that’s true. We can’t let our guard down even
though we’ve won – that’s bitten us in the rear too many times already. But hey, a win is a
win! I’ll take what we can get!”
Archer nodded before glancing down at his Master. “Were you concerned about the death you
witnessed at the camps?” he asked. A flinch from him answered his question. “Witnessing
deaths is never easy at the beginning unless you’re some sort of monster,” he admitted,
looking back at the soldiers disposing of the bodies – in this case, immolating them as
nobody wanted whatever they were to taint the ground.
“’At the beginning’?” Morgana echoed, staring at Archer as the implication immediately hit.
The red-mantled hero was silent for a second. “I’ve seen much death, Master,” he explained
quietly. “Both by my hands and by the hands of others. It is irrevocable and some might
consider unforgivable, yet sometimes, to achieve what you wish, you will tread upon
countless bodies just for a chance to reach them. Eventually, you simply accept it as normal.”
A small, bitter smile twisted his lips. “It is something many heroic spirits are familiar with,”
he added.
Morgana gulped as he stared back down at the camp, his mind racing. “Do… do you think
we’re naïve?” he questioned. “That we think we can do this without killing or… or being
killed in turn?”
“I do,” Archer replied without a hint of hesitation. “The course the two of you have chosen –
three if we count in Ritsu – is undoubtedly naïve, and is a mindset that our enemies won’t
hesitate to take advantage of if they discover it. Often, a war is won by those who are willing

to sacrifice and remove whoever or whatever needs to be removed, one way or another.
Elimination is usually the fastest, neatest method.”
The catlike being’s ears drooped sadly in consideration. “That being said,” he continued,
once more catching Morgana’s attention. “Both you and Ren are extremely irregular, even by
magi or Servant standards. Your methods have secured us a new ally – Joan – and made
killing her to be an outright detriment. And you have also saved the life of another: the
former director, even if she is currently unavailable.”
Morgana blinked in surprise at Archer’s calm analysis, at a loss for words. The ren-mantled
hero smirked at him. “Whatever your methods or tactics, they are currently working,” he
concluded. “So right now, any protests I have are merely personal in nature. Just as before,
you have my support, Master. And if harsher actions need to be taken, then rely on us to do
so. At the very least, there will be no need to stain your hands directly.”
Directly, he said. Morgana twiddled his paws. “And… what if we already spilled blood?” he
asked, almost whispering. “We did order you to deal with those United Roman Empire
soldiers before, and I’m pretty sure those were… were humans.”
Archer silently gazed at Morgana, watching him. “Do you regret it?” he asked.
The question caught Morgana by surprise. Did he regret it? It was in the heat of the moment
and those soldiers needed to be dealt with back in Appia Road, but there was no such excuse
in Florence. Perhaps they could’ve been terrified away or at least dealt with, like being put to
sleep, but that would have cost them time that he frankly wasn’t sure they had. It also secured
the good graces of emperor Nero. All in all, the battles and resulting victories had been quite
advantageous for Chaldea overall.
But on the other hand, there were no small number of bodies and casualties from the battles.
How many people were dead on their orders? Servants or not, they did give the order. They
were just as responsible. “I… I don’t know,” he murmured. “Maybe in that moment there was
nothing else we could’ve done but… there… there had to be another way….”
The red mantled hero stared hard at Morgana before he finally sighed, his expression
softening. “In a war, things very rarely go to plan,” he stated. “Especially when it comes to
casualties. We were certainly fortunate in this scenario for everything to go so well, but it’s a
rarity and luxury we can’t afford.”
“Heh, even after nearly getting my head punched off?” Morgana joked humorlessly.
Archer matched his smile, just as humorless. “Even after that, we were fortunate,” he replied
bluntly.
Morgana sighed and twiddled with his paws. As much as he wanted to argue against what
Archer said, he really couldn’t. He sighed. There really wasn’t much he could do at this point
besides ruminate some more. He glanced over at his wrist where the communicator was
strapped on. At least he could distract himself as he stood up. “I’m gonna contact Chaldea
and see if I can talk with Ren,” he decided. “Archer, can you keep a lookout just in case
something happens?”

The Servant nodded. “Of course, Master,” he replied calmly. He watched as Morgana walked
off back towards his tent. He had contemplated asking him about the world that he and Ren
denied, but frankly it would’ve been pointless. Besides, the Master seemed to have enough
troubles already.
He thought back to Artoria’s words. If his heart was changed, would he also end up desiring a
perfect world too? A world where his now-mundane dreams and desires would be fulfilled?
Would that ultimately satisfy him?
Would he truly be happy?
Archer only sighed and shook his head before moving to a better vantage point. This was
becoming a bad habit now. Probably better to focus on the present. And right after thinking
that, he could already imagine a certain twin-tailed girl laughing at him. He could only smile
to himself.
---------“Can you describe what you mean by ‘inhuman’?”
Da Vinci sat at the control console, looking at the monitors where both Ren and Morgana
were displayed, each in their own window. Though her ever-present smile was on her face,
her mind was as always moving a thousand miles a second, moving through evidence and
coming to countless conclusions and solutions. She had relieved Roman for a bit as he went
to get some coffee. It was almost evening for the singularity so closer monitoring wouldn’t be
too necessary. The staff on shift should be able to handle it and knew to call them if
something happened.
That being said, it seemed every day brought some new complications.
“There’s really no better way to describe it,” Morgana’s voice echoed through. “These…
soldiers don’t have eyes here, and they don’t even bleed blood. Just some sort of…
transparent gunk. The legate’s medics are trying to figure out what they are but so far, they
can’t make heads or tails of it. The only thing we can tell is that it’s not immediately
dangerous but we’re still trying not to touch it as much as we can.”
“Do either Archer or Rider have any ideas?” Da Vinci asked.
She watched as the catlike being shook his head. “They have a few guesses,” he replied.
“They both believe that they’re some sort of… constructs, I guess? We’re not exactly sure if
it’s from the Grail or from something else though. At the very least, they seem to need orders
to function properly – all the officers we’ve found here have been fully human. We haven’t
been able to capture any though for more information.”
The Caster mulled over the information, then turned to the other window. “What about you,
ragazzo?” she inquired. “Have you come across these kinds of soldiers yourself?”
Ren shook his head as well. “So far, we haven’t encountered anybody,” he replied, his voice
crackling over the speakers. “No enemy soldiers or anything – it’s been a relatively smooth

march overall. The only issues have been internal but it’s no big deal.”
“Wait, internal?” Morgana interjected. “Joker, what happened? Is everything alright?”
The Phantom Thief sighed tiredly. “Just something I REALLY should’ve dealt with earlier
regarding Joan,” he admitted. “It’s nothing too serious but I have some work to do on my end.
It’s nothing that’ll get in the way. Other than that, we should be at Mediolanum by tomorrow
or so. What about you, Morgana?”
Morgana frowned in concern but answered anyway. “They’re getting the captured ships ready
to go,” he replied. “Some of the soldiers are also checking in with some nearby villages to get
information. We’ll probably set sail the day after tomorrow unless the legate had other plans.
For now, we’re just holding down the fort here.”
Da Vinci nodded. “Very well,” she stated conclusively. “We shall look into these soldiers on
our end and see what we can find. Until then, both of you are to rest as much as you can. This
will be a long campaign and keeping your energy up is important. Do you understand,
ragazzo? Gatto?” She looked at the two with each term.
Both of them blinked in surprise before almost simultaneously sighing and nodding. “Got it,
Da Vinci,” Ren replied with a rueful smile. Morgana just looked tired.
The inventor nodded with satisfaction. “Good,” she said. “Now until our next meeting, ciao!”
With that, she shut off the communications so the two could get some rest, leaving her to sit
back against her seat with a sigh of her own. Even for a genius of her caliber, acting as some
form of military commander was rather taxing. It was a wonder that Romani was able to
handle this.
“So far, so good?”
Speak of the devil. The Caster blinked as she glanced over to see the doctor approaching,
holding two steaming mugs of coffee. She gratefully accepted one. “Ah, some
complications,” she explained. “Apparently the gatto has come across some… inhuman
Roman soldiers. Archer and Rider believe them to be constructs but aren’t sure yet. The
ragazzo has some trouble with Lancer. Other than that, everything is going smoothly.”
Roman raised an eyebrow. “This is going smoothly?” he asked incredulously.
Da Vinci giggled. “Do remember I lived in the Renaissance, Romani,” she reminded him.
“What you would consider chaos or a mess is quite normal for me. Besides, I have full faith
in the ragazzo and gatto to navigate their respective troubles.” The doctor gave her a
skeptical stare before sighing with a shrug, accepting her judgement.
She took a sip of the coffee – and winced at the acrid, bitter taste. “More of your handiwork, I
presume?” she asked, glancing up at him.
The doctor laughed sheepishly in answer. “I’m still learning,” he admitted. “I should
probably hold off until Ren gets back. At least I didn’t use any of the good beans for roasting

or he’d probably get angry.” He took a sip of his own and also winced. “Ugh, didn’t think it’d
be this difficult to do,” he lamented quietly.
The Caster nodded thoughtfully. “Have you had dinner yet?” she asked, glancing over at him.
The question caught him off guard. “Um, I haven’t yet,” he replied. “I’ve been a bit busy. I’ll
monitor them for a bit longer, then grab a bite to eat.”
“It’s almost night over in the singularity,” Da Vinci pointed out. “They’ll most likely be
asleep soon and won’t require monitoring. You, on the other hand, have been taking care of
yourself less and less, even with all the amenities here and especially compared to the
Masters who are on the field.” Roman winced at the rebuke, only proving her words correct –
as they always were.
She could only sigh as she stood up. “Come now, we have time,” she stated. “Leave it to Da
Vinci to make us something for a repast. And I won’t take ‘no’ for an answer.” Indeed, before
the doctor could counter or make some sort of argument, Da Vinci had already grabbed him
by the collar and was dragging him towards the cafeteria.
“D-don’t I get a say in this?!” he spluttered.
“No,” she responded simply, her ever-present smile widening further.
---------“I didn’t know you knew how to cook,” Roman marveled.
“An artist must be gifted in many fields, especially a genius like me,” Da Vinci giggled.
After shooing away the robotic chefs, Da Vinci had gotten to work cooking. It was a simple
matter of popping into the back, grabbing the needed ingredients, and getting to work.
Though she hadn’t tried her hand in a kitchen, she had seen dishes done before and
memorized their recipes. Once she got to work, it honestly didn’t feel any more difficult than
painting on a canvas or tinkering with a new project.
In the end, the result was two plates of spaghetti cacio e pepe. Pasta with just cheese and
pepper, using starchy water from boiling the pasta as an emulsifier. A simple dish, but
simpleness often had high emphasis on the fundamentals in turn. That and she also didn’t
have much time to work with. Working on commissions certainly taught her how to budget
her time as necessary.
As she laid the dishes out, she also pulled out a bottle of wine. “Er, should we be drinking on
the job?” Roman asked nervously.
The Caster raised an eyebrow. “You know better than anyone a glass isn’t going to affect us,
Romani,” she admonished before pouring out two glasses. As she looked up, she saw Marie
quietly usher everyone else out of the room – especially the onlookers who were watching in
curiosity what the two were doing.

Before Marie left herself, she glanced up. The eyes of the two Servants met. The Rider
simply smiled, raised a finger to her lips and winked, then stepped out. Da Vinci’s smile
turned into one of exasperation. Oh, she wasn’t hearing the end of this one anytime soon, was
she? Romani didn’t seem to notice anyone leaving, instead focusing on the food and wine.
She pulled up a seat and sat down across the counter of Roman. “Well, shall we?” she asked.
The doctor blinked in surprise then nodded. Picking up a fork, he took a bite of the pasta –
and his eyes immediately lit up. “Wow, this is great!” he exclaimed. “I’m kicking myself for
not trying your cooking sooner!”
The Caster’s smile widened as she picked up her glass of wine and took a sip, enjoying the
mellow flavor of the liquor. “Oh? Is it to your tastes that much?” she asked.
Roman nodded enthusiastically. “Heh, I might ask for you to cook for me every day at this
rate!” he added. Then he immediately froze at the implication as he immediately, fearfully
looked back up at Da Vinci, who now had a smile akin to the Cheshire cat. “E-er, I m-mean,
your c-cooking is great and I certainly wouldn’t m-mind eating it every day,” he stammered
as his face got redder and redder. “I don’t mean m-much else b-besides that-“
His excuses were interrupted by Da Vinci’s clear, amused laughter. “You talk and think far
too much, Romani,” she replied, her mirth still dancing in her eyes. “But then, with your new
duties, that’s all you have been doing, isn’t it?”
The interim director blinked, then sighed in exhaustion, his shoulders sagging. “That’s
putting it lightly,” he grumbled. “Trying to understand Ren and Morgana’s experience and
abilities, dealing with the staff, managing supplies, looking for singularities and any strange
readings…” He rubbed the bridge of his nose. “And not to mention all the paperwork,” he
added. “I’ll be buried alive at this rate.”
He stopped and sighed again. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t be complaining so much,” he apologized
sheepishly. “Not after you made such a great meal. We should just-“ He was interrupted by a
flick in the forehead by the Caster. “Ow!” he yelped, holding his forehead. “Was that really
necessary, Da Vinci?”
“Yes,” she stated bluntly. “Just because you have a lot to do or complain about it doesn’t
mean I don’t wish to hear about it. And besides, you are working on solving them, are you?”
Roman blinked in surprise. “Well, as much as I can,” he admitted.
Da Vinci nodded with satisfaction. “Then no excuses,” she admonished. “I want to hear all
about it. After all, I’m the Uomo Universale. There are very few problems I can’t help with
or at least listen to and consider. However, it doesn’t exactly help if you clam up and don’t
talk about them, Romani Archaman. Besides, I’m sure you’ve already talked about all your
problems with Magi*Mari, did you not?”
The doctor froze. “Uh…”

His hesitance was rewarded with another flick to the forehead from an unamused Da Vinci.
This time, Roman didn’t protest, just rubbing his sore forehead. “How about, whatever you
ramble about to Magi*Mari, you ramble to me,” she suggested. “After all, a universal genius
should be better than a vtuber who verbally abuses you, no?”
Roman stared at Da Vinci. “Uh… y-you sure about that?” he stammered, already cringing
deep within as he tried to collect himself.
The Caster thought about teasing Roman some more but thought better of it. Fun as it was, it
wouldn’t do to go too far. Instead, she reached over and placed her hand on Roman’s own,
causing the doctor to blink again in surprise. “You hide almost as many secrets as the ragazzo
and the gatto,” she murmured almost to herself, causing the doctor to gulp nervously.
Instead, she smiled at him. “I am also responsible for Chaldea too, no?” she pointed out.
“Please, do not hesitate to talk to me about its various problems – or its various triumphs,
however small. Or yours for that matter. Even my smaller projects succeeding is a reason for
celebration, and every fault or disaster a lesson to learn. So please, although you carry a hefty
responsibility, allow me to help you.”
The doctor’s mouth dropped open slightly before he sighed, rubbing the back of his neck.
“Alright, alright, you got me,” he admitted, raising his hands in surrender. “I’ll try to talk
with you more about what’s going on from now on. And… uh… less Magi*Mari.
Although…” Da Vinci blinked in surprise at his sudden hesitance but waited regardless.
“Maybe we could do this a bit more often?” he suggested sheepishly. “Just, y’know, grabbing
some food and wine or something while we talk? Or even some coffee once Ren gets back?”
Da Vinci could only blink several times before breaking into giggles again – a far happier
sound than just a moment ago. “Why, my dear Romani,” she cooed. “I thought that was a
given~ But just to make sure, of course. I look forward to when we do this next.”
She raised her glass. “To the future?” she asked.
Roman took his own and clinked it. “To the future,” he toasted before taking a sip himself.
Even he was surprised at how good the wine was. Da Vinci certainly wasn’t the type to skimp
out. Then a question snuck into his mind that he hadn’t had a chance to ask. “Actually, Da
Vinci,” he asked slowly. “How DID you find out those two were the Phantom Thieves in the
first place?”
The Uomo Universale blinked at the question, then grinned. “Well, you see, speaking as one,
geniuses aren’t known to be subtle…” she began.
---------Mediolanum was a much larger town, comparable to Rome than Florence. Sitting right at the
entrance of the Italian peninsula, it was the hub of trade and military alike. As such, wealth
had flowed into the city and expanded it greatly. It had been a prosperous city, sprawling over
a great amount of land and richly adorned. In times of peace, it would’ve made a great place
for merchants and tourists alike.

However, now the situation was much like it was in Rome: Very deserted, with parts of the
beautiful architecture disassembled and made into impromptu fortifications as necessary, with
soldiers either acting as sentries or patrolling the streets as officers barked orders to soldiers
as they worked and trained. Citizens scurried about, either doing their jobs or trying to get
home as soon as they could.
All around, it was about as depressing as Rome was.
The soldiers had situated themselves in empty houses scattered around the entire city while
the Chaldeans as well as Nero had taken the governor’s house. He had defected, recaptured,
and executed and thus currently, it was under Roman military jurisdiction. Thus, there was no
issue for them to take over the residence. And besides, it already served as the headquarters.
That being said, two particular characters were there to greet them. One was a somewhat
short Asian woman with long, tied-up black hair wearing white robes and slippers. The robe
was especially loose below, allowing her surprisingly powerful legs to be shown. She also
held an earthenware jug that she was drinking liberally out of – and judging by how flushed
she was, it was clear that it was alcohol.
Ren could only sigh to himself when he saw that. Again, like with Nero, he could only hope
she wasn’t at Ohya’s level. Actually, watching the woman chug down the liquor like it was
water, she wasn’t at Ohya’s level – the reporter would’ve died of alcohol poisoning long ago
if she even tried to match her.
The other was a massive man towering over all of them. He was adorned in garish armor, the
most particular feature were two long red feather-like decorations out of the tiny hat he wore.
The man’s skin was a dead grey color, and he wore face paint which emphasized his oddly
blank white eyes. In his hand, he wielded a mighty halberd. However, there was an aura of
malevolent strength and power that put Ren on his guard. All his instincts screamed at him to
not trust the man and frankly, he was inclined to agree.
“Er, are you… nervous, Caster?”
At Ritsu’s question, the Phantom Thief blinked as he looked over and saw that Caster had
retreated a bit and was almost hiding behind the girl. “What? A p-preposterous notion,” she
dismissed, though the nervous flick of her tail belied her words.
He decided to push the topic. “You know him?” Ren asked.
The Caster looked over at Ren and, seeing she wasn’t fooling anybody, sighed. “A few faint
memories,” she admitted. “And none of them good.”
She immediately shot them warning glares. “Whatever you do,” she warned. “Do not trust
the man. Even if he seems to have taken leave of his senses, he is perhaps almost as
untrustworthy as our Avenger here.”
Loki faked a mortal blow. “Such harsh criticism!” they gasped dramatically. “What have I
ever done to deserve such words?” Then they dropped the act and gave a sardonic grin. “Still,
Caster speaks truth. Best watch your steps, Masters.”

Ren glanced over at Joan. Ever since that night, the Lancer had been avoiding pretty much
everyone. Any responses from her were either terse, monosyllabic words or death glares.
Even the ever-bubbly Ritsu and the shy but polite and gentle Mash were more or less shooed
away. Ren had informed them of what was going on and Tamamo had been keeping a closer
eye on her but so far, she wasn’t causing trouble. She just preferred to be left alone.
He sighed. Ever since the start of these missions he hadn’t been his usual self. He couldn’t
exactly be blamed, as his world literally burned to ash, with all his friends and family now
gone. He should’ve addressed this far earlier and now he was suffering the consequences of
his hesitation. He needed to do better.
Nero whirled around to face them. “Welcome to Mediolanum, my auxiliaries!” she cried.
“Here are two people that have been called to assist Rome in this time of need! Please step
forward and introduce yourselves!”
The young woman sauntered forward with an easy grin. “Good afternoon,” she greeted
cordially, despite her obvious state of drunkenness. “I am Jing Ke – Assassin class. Although
I am a failure of an assassin, I hope we get along.” She grinned broadly. “It’s not often I get
another chance at another assassination of an emperor,” she added. “I hope to remove that
stain from my record.”
Ren and Ritsu blinked in surprise, with the latter unsubtly looking towards Nero. Jing Ke
caught her glance and chuckled. “No, no, not her, though I understand the confusion,” she
clarified, amused. “I believe one of the enemy leaders is Julius Caesar, correct? That would
be my target.”
Loki grinned and was about to say something before Ren shot him a warning glare. The
Avenger immediately raised his hands in surrender with a sardonic smile. Ren could only
sigh to himself – the less trouble the better. And frankly, he knew the trickster god was going
to point out assassins with Roman politics or something – not what they needed right now.
Jing Ke then pointed behind her at the bigger man. Her friendly demeanor dropped with a
scowl. “And the big guy there is Lu Bu,” she explained. “Thankfully he’s a Berserker class so
we don’t have to worry too much about his tendencies. Just point him in a direction and let
him loose.” The sudden hostility from Jing Ke caught Ren off-guard as he glanced over that
the Berserker. The name sounded very familiar, but it was just at the tip of his tongue…
A gasp from Ritsu immediately caught his attention as he turned towards the rapidly paling
girl. “W-wait, Lu Bu?” she squeaked. “Th-THAT Lu Bu?”
The Assassin nodded grimly. Ren was about to ask when he felt the baleful eyes of the
Berserker rest on him and the group. They were some distance away but even he felt the
power of the Servant that sent him on edge. Tamamo let out an inadvertent squeak as Loki’s
grin grew even wider. Joan already had her hand at her sword, ready to draw at a moment’s
notice.
Then Ren remembered his history lesson: Lu Bu was the infamous warrior from China’s
Warring States period. Though he didn’t know too much about the man, there were really two
major points about him he recalled – his martial prowess and his penchant for backstabbing.

Suddenly, Jing Ke’s displeasure as well as Ritsu and Tamamo’s fears fell into place. No
wonder they were so cautious.
He looked back at Nero who was still smiling, but he could see it was a very strained smile –
for good reason too. Two of her strongest allies were an assassin aiming for emperors (who
thankfully wasn’t aiming for her) and one of the most traitorous warriors in known history.
He didn’t know how loyal they were but judging by how Nero was acting, it wasn’t anywhere
close to enough.
Things got a lot more complicated.
Suddenly a soldier came running up towards them. “I-Imperator!” he panted.
“Speak,” Nero demanded.
“We have an enemy force incoming,” he gasped out. “A few days march away. They’re
advancing on Mediolanum.”
Nero frowned. “How many?” she asked as the Chaldeans listened closely. Even Lu Bu was
paying more attention to the news now than the group.
The soldier shook his head. “We lost count at around a few thousands,” he replied. “And we
saw great beings of stone marching with them. And… and we might have had a sighting of
King Leonidas.”
That caused everyone’s faces to fall. “Are you certain of this?” Nero demanded. “Were you
not able to verify all of this? Where are the other scouts?”
“They were found and k-killed, Imperator,” the soldier stammered. “Our d-deepest
apologies.”
The emperor blinked, nonplussed, then sighed in frustration. “It’s fine,” she assured him.
“Well done, soldier. Find legate Asisculus and have him meet us in the governor’s house.”
The soldier saluted and ran off as she turned to the Chaldeans. “I have asked much of you,
and unfortunately, I have to ask yet more,” she murmured. “Will you still stand by my side?”
There wasn’t even a hint of hesitation with Ren’s reply. “Of course,” he stated. “Now, let’s go
– we have a lot to do and very little time to do it.”
Nero blinked in surprise before grinning – this time in genuine happiness. “Well said,
auxiliary! Actually, no,” she added, stopping herself. “Centurion! Ren Amamiya, I hereby
grant you the rank of centurion! Bear the rank with pride, for you have earned it with your
command! Now, let us go!”
With that, Nero marched off towards the house, her expression turning into one of grim
determination out of eyeshot as she heard her allies congratulating Ren on his promotion. It
seemed the United Roman Empire had finally stopped screwing around and was getting
serious. She was at a serious disadvantage in manpower and resources. The situation was
dire.

Yet she had her allies. She had her people. And most of all, she had herself.
Regardless of everything, Nero smiled. They would win. Rome would win. She would make
sure of it.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/8yVekYQ4

Chapter 55: Rain
Chapter Summary

Preparations are made.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Things moved at a rapid pace after news had arrived. Nero and Chaldea set themselves up in
a meeting room as soldiers quickly laid out a map of the surrounding region and routes on the
table. They were soon joined by legate Asisculus and several commanders of the emperor’s
forces. Lu Bu was currently standing outside standing guard. As a Berserker, having him
within the war council wasn’t going to help.
Plans were discussed and made. With the location marked for the United Roman Empire’s
forces, they quickly figured out plans for defense. Confronting them in head-to-head combat
was impossible – Nero’s forces were about a thousand at absolute best, and her forces were in
shaky condition. After all, the whole campaign was designed with speed in mind and not
power, with dwindling supplies and questionable morale. The invading force easily
outnumbered them several times over and had the reinforcement of golems as well. Even
with the power of the Servants, it would be nothing but suicide.
Mediolanum was also indefensible. A large, sprawling city with impromptu defenses would
be impossible to hold with so few forces. They would be stretched incredibly thin. Not to
mention, with such numbers, the United Roman Empire could simply surround the city and
lay siege, pinning them down. Even if they could break out, the surrounding soldiers could
charge in and invade. No matter what, they would lose the city.
Thus, the defensive line would lay in the route where the United Roman Empire would
march. There were two roads: The coastal road and the mountain road through the Alps. The
coastal road was the more obvious option – easier traversal, with possible naval support from
the United Roman Empire forces who were most likely holding the island of Corsica. From
there they could easily strike at Mediolanum and march on the way through Florence and
then to Rome.
Jing Ke, however, had a different idea. “I mean, consider my opinion with skepticism,” she
pointed out. “But honestly, if it’s something that big, they’ll want momentum. Stopping by
the city to conquer it before marching on will halt that momentum, plus they’ll have to secure
it. No, most likely they’ll come down from the mountains, crash against the city and take it
like an ocean tide, then just move right on past.”

The legate narrowed his eyes. “And what makes you so certain of this?” he asked, wrinkling
his nose with slight distaste at the scent of alcohol drifting from her.
The Chinese woman shrugged. “Call it a failed assassin’s hunch,” she replied calmly before
taking another swig of the jug.
Ren frowned as he looked over the map and frowned in thought. “If we took the idea of
reinforcements from Corsica,” he said slowly. “Then they could easily move behind us and
take Mediolanum, or even Rome. And if we’re at the coastline, we might be able to spot them
doing so and intercept them.”
“Would that even matter?” one of the commanders grumbled. “With a force like that, we
won’t be able to do much anyway.”
“One of the Servants can still intercept an invasion force,” the Master pointed out. “There’s a
lot of variables, sure, but honestly, I’m with Jing Ke – it seems a bit more likely they’ll take
the mountain path. More momentum and gives their naval forces a better ambushing point.”
“But they can just send a naval force anyway, no matter what path they take!” another
commander bemoaned.
Here, Nero smirked. “I have already sent capable men to deal with them,” she responded
confidently. “After all, a being that bears my voice can only succeed. Am I correct on this
front, Centurion?”
Ren matched her smirk. “When it comes to things like this, Morgana can’t be matched,” he
agreed. “He’ll come through for us, no doubt about it.”
The emperor nodded happily. “That settles it then,” she concluded.
That being said, after the meeting concluded, Jing Ke was sent to verify the enemy position.
With her speed as a Servant, it would be a trivial matter for her to make sure of which
direction they were marching. While she was gone, all the soldiers began mobilizing and
mustering, ready to set out toward the mountains. Civilians were getting inducted as well to
help operate with logistics. There was an atmosphere of grim tension as everyone went about
their duties accordingly.
So it was a surprise for both Ren and Ritsu when they were summoned to dine with Nero in
the evening. “I thought she’d be too busy to eat with us,” she commented to Ren as they
walked through the streets towards the governor’s house, stepping aside for soldiers rushing
by. “Think something’s up?”
“No idea,” he admitted with a shrug. “Nero’s not typical in a lot of ways. She might’ve called
us just to relax for a bit though, unless there’s some other plans she wished to share.” Indeed,
the messenger had made it clear that it was a dinner, not another war council. But given how
flighty the emperor was, Ren was honestly prepared for anything.
Ritsu nodded pensively, then spun around to grin at Mash who was quietly walking behind
them. “Still, didn’t expect you to immediately pipe up to come with us,” she commented

mischievously. “You’re certainly getting gutsy nowadays, Mashmallow!”
The shielder in turn blushed. “Um, I j-just thought I should b-be doing my d-duty as your
Servant and protecting you!” she spluttered. “We ARE in a war so anything could happen at
any time, so I simply thought that…”
Ren glanced over and smiled. “And we’re very glad for it, Mash,” he replied genuinely.
“Thanks for always watching out for us.”
Mash blinked and blushed even redder as she cast her eyes down. Ritsu elbowed Ren with a
broad grin. “Come on, don’t toast the Mashmallow yet,” she jokingly admonished.
The Phantom Thief in question chuckled in response, holding up his hands in surrender. “Just
telling the truth here and thanking her for it,” he replied, feigning innocence, leading to more
laughs from the red-headed Master. Mash, meanwhile, said nothing – and missed a concerned
glance from Ren in turn.
Reaching the governor’s house, they were shown by the guards into the dining room, where
Nero sat at the head of the table. She beamed as the three stepped in. “Come in, come in,
centurion! Auxiliaries!” she called out. “I tire of my lonely repasts and constant staring at
maps and reports! Please, join me!”
The three glanced at each other before taking seats at the table, with Ren and Ritsu on either
side of her. That left Mash whipping her head indecisively at each spot. Nero, seeing how
Mash was acting, laughed heartily. “Ah, forgive me, I didn’t mean to divide your loyalty and
affection in such a manner,” she apologized, her grin widening as the shielder began
spluttering again. She glanced over at the nearby servants. “Come, move my plates!” she
called over.
With that, she moved and sat right beside Ren, leaving Mash to sit beside Ritsu in turn as the
staff moved the plates for both girls. With that, the food began being served: Slices of roast
pork topped with mushrooms and asparagus, with olives on the side, as well as the usual
complement of bread and cheese. “I reserved some food for exclusive imperial use,” Nero
explained with a grin. “Only for the emperor’s pleasure! Please, enjoy some fine Roman
cuisine!”
And they ate. The pork was indeed good (though Ren wasn’t very used to the extreme
sourness of the olives) but for the most part, it was definitely a modest meal – hardly the
extravagance he expected from an emperor like Nero. He noticed out of the corner of her eye
that while she chatted and boasted about her empire and its cuisines, she was also observing
them closely for their reactions.
“If you are still discontent with the cuisine, however, I must apologize,” Nero also added.
“This is the most that can be procured for my personal use. Everything else has and must be
distributed to my people.”
“You really put your people first, huh?” Ritsu commented, taking a bite of bread between
slices of pork.

Nero nodded. “Umu!” she agreed. “For what is an empire without its people? They have
shown me loyalty and their love, so it’s only fitting that I love and support them in turn!”
She glanced at the three. “So, that being said,” she continued. “Tell me – why do you see it fit
to fight for me and Rome?” she asked as she poured herself some wine (Ren, Ritsu, and
Mash had bottles of water as usual).
All three could only blink in surprise at the unexpected question. “Well, because it’s the right
thing to do,” Ritsu replied earnestly. “The United Roman Empire isn't supposed to be here,
after all. We’re here to fix that and help who we can on the way. I mean, that’s all I can really
do so hopefully that’s enough.”
The emperor nodded pensively. “Indeed,” she agreed thoughtfully. “It is a straightforward yet
surprisingly elegant motive. And you are not wrong that the United Roman Empire is, quite
frankly, unnatural in many senses. I approve.” It wasn’t the most complex answer, but that
wasn’t what she was looking for anyway. Earnestness was what she wanted here, and Ritsu
was nothing but. She reminded her of herself in many ways.
“Um, I’m their Servant,” Mash explained quietly. “I’m here to support them and their goals,
whatever they may be. I’m their shield and I wish to protect them, after all.”
Her shy answer was capped off by Ritsu launching herself at Mash and cuddling her. “Aw,
Mash, you are so cute!” the redhead squealed. “You’re the best demi-Servant one could ever
wish for!”
“R-Ritsu-senpai!” Mash stammered out as she blushed madly once more, half-heartedly
trying to escape the overly affectionate girl.
Nero, on the other hand, looked mildly displeased by the answer but didn’t comment on it.
She had a response but with how Ritsu was acting as well as Mash’s abashed attitude, the
moment had passed. She glanced finally at Ren. “And you, Centurion?” she asked. Ritsu and
Mash stopped and returned properly to their seats, also intrigued by what he would say.
Ren was quiet as he thought. Under normal circumstances, he honestly would never fight for
Rome or Nero. In history, Nero had been known as a tyrant to his (her?) people, and the
Roman Empire, while a beacon of western civilization, had also been extremely cruel and
callous towards many of its people. It reeked of the same society that had falsely accused him
of assault and tried to gun for him and his friends for trying to solve it.
Yet here, Nero had taken him under her confidence. She was a thoughtful, capable leader – a
far cry from the tyrant he was taught about in history. The Roman Empire was a civilization
with people just trying to make their way through life; no more, no less. It reminded him of
his time in Tokyo, where everyone struggled with the flow of society. But even then, that
wasn’t enough. So why did he fight?
He thought of his friends – the Phantom Thieves. He thought of his confidants. Even just the
regular people he chatted with whether he worked or shopped.

“To get back what I’ve lost,” he answered quietly. “And to make sure there’s a tomorrow for
everyone.”
The quiet that followed his answer was thick. Both Ritsu and Mash looked speechless at the
answer and even slightly ashamed that their replies had been so shallow. Nero in the
meantime nodded sympathetically. “A goal with no small number of obstacles, Centurion,”
she said solemnly. “I have no doubt your path will lead past Rome and beyond. But as you’ve
aided me, so I shall aid you. Call upon me when you have need, and I will assist you as befits
an emperor.”
The Phantom Thief gave a small, sad smile of gratitude to the normally boisterous emperor.
“I appreciate that,” he replied genuinely.
Once they were done (and they ate everything – despite the modest meal it was still very
good), the servants took away the plates. “And now, I have a gift for you, Centurion Ren, and
you, Auxiliary Ritsuka,” Nero announced, nodding at both Ren and Ritsu. She signaled to the
staff who came and brought in two mannequins, dressed in a cuirass of scale mail armor –
Roman armor.
“The coming battles will be challenging affairs,” Nero explained, her usual mirth gone from
her voice. “Capable as you might be, I’ve lost many men already to a stray blow or arrow.
I’ve had my finest blacksmiths craft these for you. Please accept them.”
The two Masters looked at each other in shock. Ren’s first thought was to deny the gift, but
there was no way to do so without being rude to the emperor. Not to mention, she had a point
– even back in the Metaverse, they had been ambushed once or twice before. Each time it
was a harrowing affair, even when normally he and his friends would deal with the shadows
with ease.
Ritsu evidently had the same idea as she bowed in gratitude to Nero. “Thank you so much for
the gift,” she said earnestly. “I didn’t expect such a high honor.”
Nero smiled once more. “Think nothing of it,” she said easily. “Now please, try them on. If
there is anything wrong with the fit, inform me and I will have my smiths amend it.”
Ren and Ritsu glanced at each other once more before standing from the table and walking
over to the mannequin. The Phantom Thief gently lifted the cuirass off the mannequin. It felt
weighty and dense in his grip, but not overly so. Although he was a novice at analyzing
armor, it seemed to be of fine make. It probably took a lot of time and good material to make
this. From the corner of his eye, he could see Ritsu similarly admiring and weighing the
armor.
He slipped on the armor much like he would wear a shirt. It was a bit tricky at first, with how
stiff the metal plates were, but the loose connections allowed him to slide it on without much
trouble in the end. Once on, he tied and tightened the leather straps on the sides to enclose the
armor.
Once he was done, he looked at himself. It felt… strong and sturdy, despite how thin it
seemed. It was also a lot lighter than he expected as well, with his arms and legs still free so

he could maneuver as necessary. He gently flicked the metal plate and heard the small tink
that came with the impact. This was a new experience, one that normally would be extremely
cool but, in this circumstance, served only as a sobering reminder of the stakes. He wondered
what Morgana would think of it.
The Phantom Thief glanced over to see how Ritsu was doing – only to see her struggling
with the leather straps. “Here, I can help with that,” he offered, walking towards her.
Ritsu blinked and sighed in relief. “Really? Please and thank you,” she breathed.
Ren approached her to tie the straps. Unfortunately, she had made a slight mess of the knots
that he needed to untangle. “Lift your arm, please?” he requested. The redhead immediately
complied, allowing him easier access to properly tie and tighten the straps – with the close
proximity causing the girl to turn a bright shade of red as her idol worked. It almost was like
he was adjusting the straps on a dress, only it was armor. Wait, was that better or worse? She
couldn’t decide, and it only made her turn even redder in response.
Nero, meanwhile, observed with a grin. She wanted to say something, but sometimes flowers
left on their own tended to bloom more brightly than if interfered with. Mash, on the other
hand, was watching with a mixture of surprise and curiosity. She had only read about Roman
armor before and certainly hadn’t expected it to be used on Chaldea’s Masters. It wouldn’t
protect them against a Servant at all, but against more standard soldiers…
Once they were done, the emperor looked at the two. “Well?” she asked. “How is the armor?”
Ren had to grin. “No complaints here,” he said as he stretched his torso about, testing the
flexibility of it and finding to his delight that he still had a great range of motion still.
“Yep, this is great!” Ritsu cheered as she jumped, testing the weight on her body. “I honestly
thought armor was a lot heavier, but it just feels like another set of clothing! I could get used
to this!”
“That’s because armor was designed to spread the weight,” Mash interjected, immediately
remembering what she read. “While they could be quite heavy, the weight is distributed along
the body to allow for mobility and speed. Even heavier armor followed similar concepts,
allowing for a surprising amount of speed. Armors especially fitted for their wearers were
even better about it as they could take their physiology into account-“
Suddenly, she was aware of the three staring at her and immediately shut her mouth,
blushing. “Er, s-my apologies,” she stammered. “It w-was something I r-read.”
“No need to be sorry,” Ren answered, smiling genuinely. “It’s good to know. No wonder why
this armor feels good to wear.”
“Yeah, tell me about it,” Ritsu agreed with a grin. “I thought it’d be like a stage costume or
something but no, this actually doesn’t feel all too bad! And strong too, like I can take on the
world!”

“I do understand your grievance with stage costumes,” Nero agreed sympathetically. “I’d like
to talk to you more about that, but first…”
She turned to Mash, catching the shielder by surprise. “Auxiliary Mash, I would’ve offered
you arms and armor,” she said. “However, there is nothing in my armory, nor is there
anything my smiths could make, that could compare to what you wield or adorns you now.”
Indeed, despite her armor design – or even lack thereof – neither Ren nor Ritsu could really
remember the armor breaking on her. And the areas it did cover did an admirable job of
protecting her in turn. The shield itself was a given. Even after the fight with the blackened
Artoria back in Fuyuki and bearing the full brunt of her Excalibur, he didn’t think he saw a
single scratch on the shield. It was rather remarkable.
“If there is a boon you would wish for, name it,” Nero continued. “If it is within my power, I
shall grant it.”
Mash could only blink in surprise before shaking her head fervently. “I thank you for your
generosity, but there’s no need!” she rapidly replied. “I’m merely glad to be able to fight and
contribute to your cause! I do not require a boon, but again, I thank you.”
Nero frowned, then sighed. “You are all too modest for your own good,” she grumbled.
“Then I shall consider the boon on hold, auxiliary. If there is something you wish for, do not
hesitate to ask it of me! The favor of an emperor is not so easily given, nor will I allow it to
be easily shrugged off! Until then, can I count on your continued assistance?”
The shielder blinked before nodding confidently. “Of course,” she answered.
The emperor smiled. She hadn’t been able to hope for months but now… Now, she could
hope once more. Rome would weather this storm, just as it always did.
—-------Mash sat on her bed with a sigh. The dinner had been decent enough and it was nice to
personally talk with one of the most well-known emperors of Rome - even if that fame came
from him (her?) being a tyrant. She also got to spend a bit more casual time with both her
senpais as well. With the whole march and campaign going on, there hadn’t really been a
decent time to talk overall.
But still, she couldn’t take her mind off what had happened. She felt out of place at that
dinner, no matter what they talked about or what they did. The frown of disapproval from
Nero when she had given her answer of why she fought was something she didn’t miss, even
with Ritsu-senpai cuddling her like that. And there was also the armor Nero had gifted them
as well.
She looked over her own armor. While it didn’t cover as much as she wanted – leaving her
shoulders and her thigh bare for instance – hers was still very protective. Not to mention, she
honestly forgot she was wearing it most of the time as it moved like it was regular clothing
regardless. She could even sleep in it, no problem. Even with the finest armor Nero could
provide, she doubted their armor could do the same. And yet…

A gentle knock on her door caught her attention. “Who is it?” she called out.
“It’s me,” came Ren’s voice from the other side.
The shielder blinked in surprise before walking over to open the door. Ren’s smile gave her
heart a jolt, an unexpected yet not unpleasant feeling. “Is something the matter, senpai?” she
asked, looking curiously up at the Master.
Ren shook his head. “No, not at all,” he replied easily. “Just wanted to see how you were
doing. We haven’t had much of a chance to talk recently. Am I interrupting you?”
Mash blinked in surprise at the suddenness but shook her head. “Oh, not at all, senpai!” she
hurriedly assured him. Then she realized they were still standing at the doorway. “Er, would
you like to come in?” she asked, hesitating a bit as she stepped aside. Ren blinked with
surprise but after a moment’s pause, walked in as she closed the door behind him.
“So, what do you make of the Roman Empire so far?” he asked out of curiosity, glancing at
her.
The girl blinked again before smiling. “It’s really fantastic, senpai!” she breathed. “I didn’t
expect to see Rome as it was before except in books and simulations! Much of the
architecture has survived as well, but even seeing them used as temporary defenses is
fascinating to look at! Roman discipline as well is intriguing – I always thought of them as a
rather unified empire but hadn’t expected so many different perspectives. I realize the books
and documentaries aren’t always accurate, but still, seeing them like this is quite a shock!”
She froze as she realized she was rambling and turned to Ren, who had pulled up a chair and
was sitting down, listening to her. “I-I’m terribly sorry, senpai,” she quickly apologized with
a bow. “I didn’t mean to talk so much.”
Ren chuckled. “No, trust me, I get it,” he agreed. “It IS rather fantastical to go to all these
places. I certainly never thought I’d go to such places.” Ren paused in thought for a second.
“Though I did go to a castle once, even if it was a Palace,” he pointed out. “Does that count?”
Mash giggled. “I guess it does,” she admitted. “Though, what was that castle like, senpai?”
The Phantom Thief’s face twisted into one of disgust. “If I could describe it in one word, it
would be ‘gross’,” he grumbled. “The guy had busts and pictures of himself everywhere, and
I do mean everywhere. There was even a book puzzle with books of himself! Not to mention,
everything had this pink ambient light around it that just made it uncomfortable to stand it.”
The shielder shuddered at the rather lurid depiction. “It must’ve been quite a harrowing
experience,” she commented.
Ren scoffed. “That’s putting it lightly,” he replied with a grin. “Honestly, I think I preferred
the one in Orleans. It’s actually less disgusting in comparison.”
The girl thought for a second. “Wait, did you mean the doppelganger’s Palace’s castle?” she
asked. “We didn’t really see the castle of Orleans that much after we came out from the heist.

And her Palace had Gilles de Rais’s creatures populating it…”
“I know what I said,” Ren solemnly confirmed. They both paused, then just chuckled at the
absurdity of it all.
Then Mash noticed another detail. “You’re wearing the armor that the emperor gave you,”
she noticed.
Ren blinked and looked. “Oh, yeah,” he confirmed. “It’s probably better for me to get used to
this sooner rather than later. Besides, not every day you get to wear Roman armor.”
The shielder blinked, then nodded in agreement. “Oh,” she replied quietly. “Yes. Of course,
senpai.”
The Phantom Thief glanced over at Mash. “Is something the matter, Mash?” he asked quietly
as he moved to sit beside her on the bed, catching the girl by surprise.
Mash’s face turned red at the close proximity of her Master as her mouth worked up and
down, trying to find a decent answer, before finally sighing. “Am I really a good Servant?”
she asked quietly.
That caught Ren by surprise. “Why do you ask?” he asked, frowning slightly.
Twiddling her thumbs, she stared at the floor. “There’s not really much for me to do, senpai,”
she murmured. “You and Mr. Morgana are more than capable of fighting with all your
knowledge and experience. I’m happy to be able to fight alongside you of course, but I don’t
know if I’m required to be here.”
She pointed at his armor. “It’s even to the point where you were given armor for protection,”
she added. “I know that logically, more protection is always useful but I can’t help but feel
that…well, I’ve become redundant, senpai. It’s…it is foolish of me to think and ramble on
about this, I know. I simply can’t help it.”
The lilac-haired girl drew her knees in. “I’m sorry, senpai,” she finished quietly.
Ren thought about his response. He could just reassure her that she was doing just fine, but
he had a feeling that wouldn’t exactly do much right now. Thinking about it, what did he
know about her? He knew that she hadn’t stepped outside Chaldea at all and any social
interactions she had would’ve been fairly limited. Not enough to make a good identity for
herself or build a foundation for her confidence.
No, just the usual reassurances wouldn’t do.
“I know the feeling well.”
A sad smile twisted Ren’s lips as Mash turned to him in surprise. “The feeling of being
powerless, like you’ve let everyone else down isn’t unfamiliar,” he muttered. “After all, when
I was first arrested, all my past friends immediately cut contact with me, and my parents
treated me as nothing more than a nuisance afterward. They were pretty happy to ship me off
to Tokyo. Hell, they didn’t even bother contacting me the entire year I was there.”

“That’s… that’s horrible, senpai!” she gasped. “Aren’t families supposed to care and support
you? Why would they do such a thing?”
Ren could only give a humorless chuckle. “Guess I rocked the boat too much,” he replied,
shrugging casually. “Where I’m from, law enforcement and order are taken extremely
seriously. Anybody who disturbs it is to be shunned. I think there’s a saying, ‘the nail that
sticks up gets hammered down’ or something. The hammer just hit a bit harder on me than
normal.”
He turned to her with a smile. “I was lucky a lot of the time,” he admitted. “With my powers,
yes, but I also found new groups of friends all around me. They all helped and taught me, and
I helped them all I could in turn. If it wasn’t for them…well, I doubt I’d even be here right
now, let alone as capable. So…”
This time, his smile turned into a more confident smirk. “I’d like to make a deal with you,”
he stated.
Mash blinked in surprise. “A deal?” she echoed in confusion.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “I can talk to you more about what me and my pals – the
Phantom Thieves – did, and help teach you in terms of our tactics, combat skills, what have
you,” he explained. “In return, I’ll be counting on you to watch our backs no matter where we
go. Sound like a fair trade?”
The shielder could only blink in surprise, then a wry smile spread across her lips. “But I
already am doing that, senpai,” she pointed out. “It won’t be an equal deal to you.”
The answer caught him by surprise. He certainly didn’t expect such a near-mischievous
answer from Mash - one that only left him chuckling in a bit of surprise and amusement.
“Touche,” he agreed with a grin. “In that case, how about letting me know more about you?
What you’re worried about, what you like or don’t like, anything you’re thinking or
contemplating about. I just wanna know more about my cute kouhai, Mash.”
The shielder blushed deeply at his suggestion. “Y-Yes, senpai,” she stammered. She took a
second to recollect herself then nodded confidently. “I look forward to your guidance then,”
she said. “Please teach me well.”
Ren nodded confidently – and then his grin faltered slightly as a powerful, familiar feeling
flowed through him. Pushing the thought out of his mind for now, he glanced outside. “It’s
getting late,” he noted, observing the night sky. “We should probably get some rest. We’re
gonna be busy tomorrow.”
Mash blinked in surprise, then nodded in agreement. “Yes, of course, senpai,” she agreed.
Then she beamed at him and bowed. “Thank you so much, senpai,” she added. “For
everything.”
A genuine smile once more crossed his lips. “Not at all, Mash,” he replied honestly. “Thank
you. I’ll see you tomorrow.” With that, he walked out, closing the door behind him – and his
smile vanished as he gripped his heart. Honestly, he thought that with the Velvet Room as

crippled as it was, wouldn’t be able to grant him the ability. However, it did. It was a heady
feeling, but it was familiar. And it was… comforting.
It felt like old times.
He walked back to his room, feeling lighter than before. He wished he could talk to Morgana
about this, but that would have to wait until his return. For now, he simply accepted what had
happened. He needed every advantage he could get, and the strength granted to him from his
bonds were just what he needed. This was a new one for him, but he could still utilize it, and
all in all, he felt confident.
After all, the Aeon Arcana probably had a lot of surprises for him. He couldn’t wait.
---------Morning had come, with the weather being spotty at best – the blue sky peering through
increasing cloud cover. It was still warm, though occasionally a chill breeze blew through
that made everyone shiver. Officers barked commands as soldiers and citizens loaded
supplies onto supply wagons in preparation – including warm coats and boots. Jing Ke had
returned in the middle of the night and confirmed the United Roman Empire’s plans: They
were taking the mountain road.
Ren did some stretches as he watched the soldiers move about. Despite his wishes, there was
no visit to the Velvet Room. It would probably be the next night when he could make
whatever preparations were necessary. Still, Igor, Lavenza, and Olga hadn’t let him down yet,
and he would trust them.
Trust…come to think of it, when did he become so distrustful? It was probably the new
environment and their warnings, coupled with the incineration of humanity setting him on
edge. That needed to change, and he had already taken his first steps. For the first time in a
while, he actually felt hopeful. It was just another day for him now, dangers and all.
“Good morning, senpai.”
Ren glanced over to see Mash running up to join him. “Morning, Mash,” he greeted. “Did
you sleep well?”
Mash beamed and nodded. “Yes, thank you, senpai,” she chirped. “I slept better than I had in
a while after our conversation. Once again, I look forward to working with you from here on
out.”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “Same to you,” he acknowledged. “I’m counting on you.”
“Oh? Did I miss something?”
Both Ren and Mash jumped at the presence of Ritsu, who had somehow sneaked up on them
and was now eyeing them like how a cat eyes a particularly interesting mouse. The little
mischievous smile she wore wasn’t reassuring either. “Did you two have some sort of tryst
here?” she asked as her smirk widened. “Come on, give me all the juicy deets here.”

“Wha- it wasn’t anything like that, Ritsu-senpai!” she spluttered. “We just had a conversation
where we were discussing some arrangements. It wasn’t anything in particular!”
Ritsu eyed the shielder skeptically. “Uh huh,” she deadpanned. “Welp, in that case, you two
are gonna talk to me over breakfast about it! It’ll be a while before we have some better food
so we better make this count!” With that, her hands shot out and snagged both Ren and
Mash’s wrists. “To the mess hall!” she declared before dragging them with her. Mash gave a
panicked look at Ren who could only give an exasperated, resigned shrug in return.
What a day.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/ZQ7jBN5M

Chapter 56: Cracks in the Dam
Chapter Summary

They've done all they can.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“I’m guessing there’s a lot on the horizon then?”
Ren stood in the Velvet Room once more. They had been on the march and were almost in
the pass where they would set up their defenses. This was probably going to be the last truly
restful night they would all have before the United Roman Empire would be upon them. He
thought it would be a good idea to visit the Velvet Room to take care of some last
preparations before all hell broke loose. While he was already decently prepared, it certainly
wouldn’t hurt to make sure.
Thus, Igor, Lavenza, and Olga were there to greet him. The girls’ expressions were grim, and
even Igor’s perpetual smile wasn’t as wide as it usually was. The last time he had seen them
so serious was when they had been trapped in Maruki’s paradise. “You are facing a
considerable foe, my Trickster,” Lavenza murmured. “This foe is not bound by conventional
resources, nor do you have the advantage of the Metaverse to avail you. I have faith in you,
of course, but even then the odds are…”
“Not favorable,” Olga completed bluntly with a frown. “Amamiya, you are already aware by
now that your persona magecraft has its limits. You have plenty of capable Servants by your
side, as well as Mash and Fujimaru, but this battle will stretch your resources thin. I assume
you have a plan?”
The Phantom Thief sighed. “When it comes to huge battles like this, I’m as green as they
come,” he admitted with a shrug. “I’ll most likely be consulting the emperor and the legates
and seeing what they come up with. For now, it’s just getting there and set up, then seeing
what we can do from there.”
“Speaking of which,” he continued, looking over at Igor. “Thanks for starting up with the
Arcana again,” Ren said with a smile. “I was honestly surprised it took so long for them to
form again – though they may have all been filled up with… with everyone from before.”
Again, not the time. He had to remain focused. And they were only gone temporarily. He
would make sure of that.
Igor shook his head. “Your gratitude is misplaced, my dear guest,” he corrected. “The Arcana
are merely something the Velvet Room enables for its guests, but the establishing of them is
solely their responsibility. You have been closed off from those around you, and thus it was

difficult to establish new Arcana. Even when you trusted, it was out of necessity, not out of
your own wishes.”
Ren winced slightly. Igor wasn’t wrong there. And because of his mistakes, everything had
started to brew over, especially with Joan. There was no easy way to fix things with her, but
at the very least, he could do better. He needed to do better.
The Master of the Velvet Room glanced up at Ren, his eternal smile widening. “However,
you have once more demonstrated resolve and fortitude to continue on your journey,” he
praised. “Re-opening your heart is no small feat, my dear guest, especially on such a perilous
path and after suffering so greatly. And especially learning where you have failed and
standing once more. It is truly commendable.”
Ren nodded solemnly. Praise from Igor wasn’t uncommon, but it was never done lightly
either. And it also came with blunt but truthful analysis of what he had been doing. He could
count on Igor and Lavenza to never mince words with him one way or another. It meant at
least he was on the right path. He just needed to continue what he was doing and work things
out as he went along.
Olga cleared her throat, catching Ren’s attention. “There are four Personas I want for you to
summon again,” she stated. “Cerberus, Clotho, Lachesis, and Atropos. Can you dispel them,
then summon them once more?”
The Phantom Thief blinked at the request, then nodded. Without hesitation, he dismissed the
four Personas from his mind and glanced over to Lavenza. The little girl gave a happy smile
over at Olga before opening her book, the pages flipping to the four personas once more
before waving her hand. The four personas once more appeared: Three beautiful women –
one bearing a spindle, one holding a thread, and the last holding a pair of scissors – and the
white lion-like persona with a scorpion tail.
However, he noticed something odd about them and peered into their information – and
blinked in surprise. Not only did their stats increase a good amount, but so were their powers
as well. The skills were a bit more costly to use but paled in comparison to the increase in
potency. He glanced up at Olga in surprise as he quickly put two and two together. “Uh,
thanks, Olga,” he stammered. “What exactly did you do, though? I thought the Velvet
Room’s abilities were down?”
“They are,” Olga confirmed. “What happened here was a project of mine. I connected some
of your personas to my Animusphere magecraft and aligned them with various celestial
bodies and constellations. I only experimented with these four for now and it took some time
for me to work out the various nuances. It’s very much an experiment though, so I will
require you to inform me of how they perform.”
Ren nodded slowly. As he looked over the personas however, he felt an odd sensation coming
from Cerberus. Olga followed his gaze and nodded. “I managed to connect Cerberus to the
Leo constellation, utilizing the concept of a ‘lion’,” she explained. “It took a bit of work
considering that in many cases, even here, ‘lion’ isn’t typically applied to the guard dog of
the Greek Underworld, but I worked with Lavenza and worked it out. I’ve also connected

him with the Canis Major and Minor constellations. With that, the connection and strength of
Cerberus would be even stronger than the Fates.”
“Yeah, tell me about it,” Ren mulled. While his personas always felt like part of him – I am
thou, thou art I, after all – this time Cerberus felt like a full-on extension of him in turn. With
Olga’s improvements, coupled with the fact that they were in a Roman singularity and
therefore easier to utilize, these personas were going to be extraordinarily useful. He smiled
broadly to Olga. “These are going to be handy,” he declared. “Thank you so much, Olga.”
OIga flushed a bit but retained her decorum. “Think nothing of it, Amamiya,” she replied,
dismissing his gratitude. “For this situation, you’ll need every advantage you can get. Again,
be sure to report back to me about how they handle and I will operate from there.”
Igor chuckled as Lavenza smiled, shaking her head. “Olga worked tirelessly on her project so
that she may share her strength with you, my Trickster,” she commented (drawing a shocked
and betrayed look from her junior). “We are always doing what we can to support you on
your path. Please, have faith and trust, not just in us, but those around you. We will always
lend you our strength.”
Ren blinked, then gently smiled to all three. “Yeah, I know,” he replied. “Or I should know
anyway at this point, but a reminder is nice. Thanks so much, all of you.” He glanced behind
him into his cell. “I should get back. It’s going to be a long day and there’ll be a lot to do.”
“Of course,” Lavenza accepted. “May luck be on your side.”
And with that, darkness swallowed him up, and he knew no more.
---------Ritsu breathed out, watching her breath turn into fog in the cool air before curling away. She
shivered slightly as she walked past several tents on her way back to her tent. The sun had
barely even begun to set yet it was obscured by the mountains above them, casting a deep
shadow over the camp. The cold air of the mountain pass whistled by – not enough that it
was freezing, but still enough to get her teeth chattering.
Nero’s forces were in the middle of setting up what fortifications they could in preparation
for the battle, sharpening wooden stakes and implanting them in the ground, hauling massive
amounts of gravel for makeshift walls, constructing siege engines such as onagers and
scorpions, and more. As speed was paramount, the entire camp would be sleeping and resting
in shifts as they worked around the clock, making what preparations they could. Scouts were
even sent back to Mediolanum to try and establish a supply line in case it would turn into a
siege – something that the commanders hoped weren’t going to happen.
As for the Chaldeans, they were each doing their own thing. Joan was busy studying within
her tent, learning what she could about Roman military to try and gain some sort of
advantage. Loki was nowhere to be found, though given the lack of anything being
disruptive, it could be assumed he was at least behaving himself. Tamamo was currently
outside the camp, setting her talismans as traps to help soften up the invasion.

And for Nero’s allies, Lu Bu was currently marching back and forth outside the front, his
eyes staring unblinkingly into the pass for the enemy force to arrive. And Jing Ke was right
in front of her, sitting in front of a fire with a bunch of off-duty troops, laughing and drinking.
Seriously, was there a time where the woman wasn’t drinking?
Then she blinked. Wait, are Servants even supposed to get drunk? The Assassin was certainly
proving that could be the case. Jing Ke noticed someone staring at her and glanced over,
beaming as she laid eyes on the redheaded Master. “If it isn’t one of the Auxiliaries!” she
greeted cheerfully. “It’s… Fujimaru, right? Come, sit, sit! I’ll pour you a cup!”
“Yeah, come on! The more lovely company the better!” one roared.
“Less of a dreary march when there’s more women than just the emperor!” another one
shouted.
They all laughed uproariously with Jing Ke joining in. Ritsu smiled uncomfortably. Though
she was happy to meet new people, especially ancient Romans, she had a prickling in the
back of her mind about the whole situation. “Er, maybe next time,” she began making her
excuse. “I’m kinda tired right-“
“Oi, what are you louts doing!?”
The soldiers immediately began panicking as an officer marched towards them, his rage
extremely clear through his helmet. “You’re on duty and you’re here drinking?!” he roared.
“This ain’t a romp through some vineyard with maidens! Now get moving before I have you
flogged and thrown into the front lines as meat shields! Move it, move it, move it!”
They immediately began scrambling, grabbing their helmets and running as the officer
continued marching after them, yelling threats and reprimands. Both girls just watched until
they disappeared behind a corner of tents, their shouts echoing into the air.
“Huh,” Jing Ke huffed as she poured herself another cup. “A shame. They were giving me
some good information too.”
Ritsu blinked in surprise. “Information?” she asked.
The Assassin nodded casually. “Drunk men often have loose lips,” she explained. “And
collecting every scrap of info you can is essential when you’re carrying out assassinations.
Coupled with my appearance and attitude and, well, many end up dropping their guard
around me.” With that, she took another drink and sighed. “A shame they don’t have
anything better than this watered-down wine,” she grumbled.
The Master could only stare flabbergasted as she moved to sit beside the woman. “So, what
did you find out?” she asked, her curiosity now brimming over.
Jing Ke shrugged. “About what you’d expect, really,” she replied. “Some gossip here and
there, some health issues like foot rot or chafing, oh, and a bunch of soldiers that were
planning on deserting to the United Roman Empire while giving them our plans for defense.
That’s always entertaining.”

Ritsu, who had poured himself a bit of wine and was sipping it, proceeded to spit it out into
the fire, causing the burning wood to hiss in protest. “I-I’m sorry?” she spluttered in shock as
she wiped drips off her chin with her sleeve. “Deserters with plans? Isn’t that serious? Aren’t
you gonna do something?!”
The woman shrugged. “Oh, that’s not my specialty,” she replied casually. “I just happened to
let the officer know. From what I could tell, he was gonna keep them over in the front, well
away from any plans. Even if they defected, they wouldn’t have anything good to give them
anyway and will probably be cut down.”
The redhead’s mouth dropped open slightly, then her mind started putting pieces together. “YYou mean those soldiers-“ she stuttered.
“Indeed.”
“And that officer-“
“The same.”
“So they’re-“
“Either going to help us fight or they’ll be harmless, yes,” the Assassin finished as she poured
another cup (how did she drain them that fast?). “I’m aware Roman armies typically have
much harsher punishment for treason, but morale is shaky enough as is. Best not to make
public displays of killing. Punishment, yes, but killing? Not so much.”
The Master could only blink, dumbfounded. “Wow, uh, I… didn’t expect that,” she muttered.
“Did you think I’m sort of drunkard who probably wouldn’t be good for much?” she asked,
raising an eyebrow over her cup – and burst out laughing as Ritsu’s eyes immediately
widened in panic. “I joke, I joke!” she chuckled. “I do love my drink, yes, and many would
not recommend it. However, there are quite a few advantages to it. For me, at any rate.”
Jing Ke smiled as she reclined, her muscular legs showing through her light white robes
(which Ritsu was doing all in her power not to ogle at). “As I said earlier, a drunkard is often
underestimated, and for good reason – their reasoning and coordination are compromised,
and under any normal circumstance would be an easy target. Thus, they drop their guard and
allow you to get the drop on them. Whether for information or for killing, it’s one and the
same.”
She stared up at the darkening sky. “And also, it’s a surprising social skill,” she added.
“Many frequent taverns, and parties often have good booze. If you know your way around
alcohol, you’d be surprised at how many doors you’d find, and what words you’d catch.
Quite handy indeed.”
Ritsu blinked in surprise and pondered as she took a sip of the wine – and her face scrunched
up in disgust. “Ugh, gods, good to know,” she croaked out. “But I don’t think that kind of
method works for me. This stuff tastes awful!”

The Assassin laughed again as Ritsu set down her cup. “It is certainly an acquired taste,” she
admitted. “Perhaps you’ll get used to it in time.”
“Yeah, not happening,” the Master grumbled before looking curiously at Jing Ke. “So out of
curiosity, what’s your legend?” she asked. “I know the big guy is Lu Bu and he’s honestly
nothing but trouble from what I know about him. But I haven’t heard of you.”
Jing Ke laughed once again. “Then I’m doing my job at least somewhat right or I’d be a
terrible Assassin!” she pointed out. Ritsu chuckled with her in turn, agreeing to the point. The
laughter eventually faded and they sat in silence for a little bit.
Just when the redhead thought she wouldn’t answer, she spoke. “You know Qin Shi
Huangdi?” she asked quietly.
Ritsu blinked. “Er, the very first emperor of China, I think?” she guessed as she racked her
brain for whatever history knowledge she had in there. “Was known as an absolute tyrant,
threw a lot of scholars into puts to be buried alive, burned a lot of books, and all around was a
pretty nasty guy. Why?”
The Assassin smiled, though there was little humor in it. More a mixture of sadness and
wistfulness. “I was an assassin signed on to kill him,” she murmured. “It was a suicide
mission, but I agreed regardless with a smile. It was for a great cause, and I might as well go
out on a poetic note. I made what preparations were needed and had an assistant with me to
help facilitate the assassination. We came close. So very, very close.”
She sighed. “The assistant, however, was inexperienced,” she continued. “So many soldiers
and guards all around us, so many walls, and the gaze of the emperor himself left the boy
petrified. I had to continue on alone. I approached the emperor, a present in hand – and within
was a knife, coated in a poison that would have killed him with a single scratch.”
The woman fell silent. “What happened next?” Ritsu pushed, her eyes wide in rapt attention.
A bitter smile spread on her face. “Ten steps,” she stated. “Ten steps were all that I needed in
the end to kill him. But he saw the knife and dodged my strike just in time. He ran, yelling
for the guards as I pursued him.”
Then she broke into laughter – a laughter that was partially bitterness and partially genuine
amusement. “In the end, we both ended up running circles around one of the huge pillars in
the Imperial Palace!” she chuckled. “Because of the size of it, I could not get to him, and he
could easily elude me! We must’ve looked like a right pair of fools! But it did its job – it
bought the emperor enough time for his guards to arrive.”
“And that was the end?” Ritsu guessed quietly.
Jing Ke shrugged as she poured herself another cup – and frowned in consternation as the
flow slowed to a drop. She stared at the partially filled cup before shrugging and downed it
regardless. “Well, almost,” she admitted. “The emperor wanted to make an example of me, as
the one closest to killing him. To that end, he marched me out into an open field and had the

capital watch as an entire battalion of archers served as my executioners. My bonds were
even cut so I could’ve attempted to run – not that it would’ve made much of a difference.”
The Master blinked in surprise. “And did you?” she asked.
The woman shook her head. “I told you before, didn’t I? I knew it was a suicide mission from
the moment I signed on,” she pointed out. “I simply smiled as I watched the cloud of arrows
descend on me like a storm – and that was that. The emperor made his example of me in the
end – he survived until old age with only one more assassination attempt. The Throne was
nice enough to even tell me he tried to seek out the elixir of immortality but guess that didn’t
work out.”
Ritsu could only stare, utterly transfixed. “Wow,” she murmured. “You are so….
AWESOME!”
That caught the Assassin by surprise as her mouth fell open. “I… perhaps you misheard my
story,” she replied, confused. “I failed as an assassin – my target lived, and I’m known
because of my failure. I doubt that qualifies as ‘awesome’ in any regard.”
“Yeah, but you came close to someone who should’ve been unkillable!” Ritsu retorted. “Sure,
your plans didn’t go through because of stuff you didn’t expect, that didn’t change that you
came within feet of succeeding! What you did took a lot of nerve and again, you were so
close! That makes you awesome in my book!”
Jing Ke could only blink several times, trying to process what she said. Then she began
laughing. A quiet chuckle at first, then uproarious laughter that had her collapsing on her
back laughing, causing everyone – from Ritsu to the surrounding soldiers – to stare in
concern and/or consternation. “Wh-what a refreshing perspective on it!” she laughed. “Many
would focus on the results – especially magi – yet you focused on the work and preparation
behind it! How spectacular!”
“It’s not that funny,” Ritsu pouted.
“Ah, forgive me, forgive me,” the Assassin apologized as she tried to rein in her mirth. “I
confess I have not heard of such a response before. Normally, a failed assassin deserves
nothing more than mockery, so hearing praise like that is rather surprising.”
She stared up at the darkening sky, a content smile on her face. “Still, I thank you for your
kind words,” she murmured. “You are correct – while results are important, it would be
foolish to discard what follows up to that point. I can take some solace in that, at least. And I
even have an opportunity to make up for it and give better results as well.”
Suddenly, Jing Ke began beaming as she sprang up. “This calls for a drink!” she cheerfully
stated. Looking around, there was another jug the soldiers had left behind. Snatching it, she
filled her own cup as well as Ritsu’s, almost up to the brim before passing the cup back. She
raised her cup. “To the path we treaded, and to a redeemed future,” she toasted.
Ritsu blinked, then grinned. “I’ll drink to that!” she cheerily agreed as the two clanked their
cups together, a bit of wine spilling out. With a grin, Jing Ke immediately downed the drink

as Ritsu brought the cup to her lips and slowly, agonizingly drained it. She gasped for breath
as she finally got the last drop down her throat. “Oh gods, maybe next time, we celebrate
with something a bit… nicer?” she pleaded, reaching for her water bottle.
The Assassin only laughed in response.
--------The next day came. The overhead skies were dark and heavy, pregnant with rain. The soldiers
had worked throughout the night, creating more fortifications as supply carts rolled up with
more building materials. There was a tension gathering in the air that couldn’t be missed.
There was more work to be done but there was absolutely no doubt that it was simply the
calm before the storm.
The Chaldeans had already met in the command tent with Nero and Asisculus as they
discussed and debated plans, whether they wanted to hole up in the impromptu fort or meet
them in the field, the positioning of the Servants, troop formations, and where would the
Masters be placed. Mash, of course, would be situated near the Masters to protect them.
There was some argument whether having her there to protect two seemingly innocuous
people might draw attention, but it was eventually agreed that the protection would be
needed.
And of course, there was one more debate that became rather heated: Whether Nero should
be in the front lines or not. The emperor believed that as befits her office, of course she’d be
in the front lines. The legate believed that as befits her office, of course she’d be in the back
away from the heat of the battle, especially in such cramped quarters. That was when the
Chaldeans dismissed themselves before Nero could ask for their opinion on the matter.
Ren glanced over at Ritsu who had her arms crossed, her finger tapping impatiently on her
arm as the two of them as well as Mash stood on the battlements of the makeshift palisade
wall. All around them, soldiers were reinforcing the wall or dropping off baskets of building
materials and arrows. “You nervous?” Ren asked.
Ritsu blinked as he spoke then sighed. “Yeah, a bit,” she admitted. “But more just…
impatient. All this waiting around here is driving me nuts. I mean, sure, more time means
more preparations can be done but it’s kinda like waiting for your exam results, you know?”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “It does feel a bit like that, doesn’t it,” he commented. He
looked over at Mash. “What about you, Mash?” he asked. “You feel the same?”
Mash bit her lip. “A bit,” she confessed. “It reminds me of Lyon, when we were waiting for
the doppelganger and her entire army of dragons and Servants. Only… well, the wait is
longer. And against a larger number of foes. It should be familiar yet despite everything, I
still feel nervous.”
Ren smiled gently. “That’s only natural,” he reassured her. “The days leading up to a heist –
our do-or-die moments – were much like this too. At the end of the day, the best thing we can
do now is just prepare and when it hits, we’re ready for it in every way.” He stretched,
loosening his muscles and joints.

“Do you have any advice on what to do then, Ren-senpai?” Mash asked.
He thought about it. “Some light exercises,” he suggested. “Or reading. Whatever helps you
relax but you can easily get into action when you need to. We typically did that whenever we
found a safe room in Palaces.”
Ritsu nodded. “Yeah, you’re right, that sounds like a good idea,” she agreed. She glanced
over at Ren and Mash. “Wanna join me in some exercises, you two?” she asked, smirking.
Ren could only shake his head at just how unsubtle Ritsu was being, but Mash being Mash
nodded eagerly. “Of course, Ritsu-senpai!” she said cheerfully.
The Phantom Thief could only chuckle as he shrugged. “Sure, sounds like a good idea to
me,” he easily agreed.
The redheaded girl grinned. “Sweet!” she cheered. “Race you guys to the training grounds!
Last one there’s a rotten egg!” With that, she quickly dashed off, leaving the two blinking.
“R-Ritsu-senpai!” Mash cried after her before quickly running off after her. Ren once more
could only chuckle as he followed at a more leisurely pace.
All the while the clouds above were darkening.
--------The march had been proving to be a surprisingly easy affair overall. The soldiers didn’t
require much in terms of necessities – they were constructs, after all, and quite sturdy. They
could be easily supplied in the thousands while also proving to be as resilient and effective as
an actual Roman legion – provided they were given proper commands. Thus, peppered into
the expedition were a number of human officers that issued orders to their units, who would
obey them without question. Without having to feed much of the rank and file, as well as
their food supplies also provided for, logistics were hardly an issue either.
Leonidas could only sigh. This hardly felt like a proper expedition whatsoever. The soldiers
around him were soulless, they were fighting for goals that just about nobody except the
officers really believed in, and to top it off, they were marching through a mountain pass
where it was almost guaranteed their opposition would’ve set up forces waiting for them.
Coupled with the fact that they were ten thousand strong and they were perhaps a thousand at
absolute most…
The irony was so thick he could practically thrust into it with his spear.
Frankly, he didn’t even want to fight in this battle or war. They had all been summoned by
that magician, Lev, and commanded to fight against the Roman Empire. Honestly, it had been
so easy that he had been utterly dissatisfied the entire war. Battle after battle, the Roman
armies collapsed or defected easily to their superior forces. Even after the Roman emperor
had summoned some Servants, they were either holding places too far into the empire or
were occupied otherwise.

And the point was, absolutely none of them wanted to fight this war. They only did because
they were commanded to. Thus, they all took their time and made careless mistakes
intentionally. But even then, victory was inevitable eventually, given their resources… until
now.
He stepped out of the tent, his powerful body easily weathering the cold wind that blew
through the pass. His stern gaze turned skyward as he looked at the weather. It would rain
soon. That would certainly make the attack more difficult, given they were fighting upward.
Visibility would also be heavily reduced as well.
The Spartan king turned his eyes towards the cliff sides. Would there also be a chance of
mudslides? If so, would it fall on his forces or the Romans’? Or both? Frankly, under normal
circumstances, he would wait for the attack until weather conditions were more favorable
overall, while having his men keep careful watch in case the Romans were idiotic enough to
sally forth. Fighting here would mean considerable losses for his forces.
But frankly? He didn’t give a damn. The soldiers here were just constructs and the officers
with him were greedy fools. It could be a damn trap for all he cared. He recently had gotten
reports from survivors and deserters that apparently, the Roman Empire had some new
mercenary force with them, one with powers equaling that of Servants (which meant they
probably were Servants).
Now the Roman Empire was on the offensive, and frankly he was giddy. Did the Roman
Empire have the tenacity and the determination to survive and truly determine human
history? He couldn’t wait to see for himself. This battle would determine it. The whole
situation might be a reverse of Thermopylae, but he had the same, familiar sensation run
down his back:
He wouldn’t survive this battle. And he wouldn’t regret it for an instant.
Suddenly, a construct soldier ran up, holding a rolled-up parchment in its hand. The Spartan
king took it, frowning. Along with having no eyes, the soldiers weren’t capable of speech
either. They could still hear, read, and write, but that was about it. They were truly
automatons, made to execute orders and nothing else. If they had life to them – families and
lives to get back to, hobbies they enjoyed, a past they had come from, a present they lived in,
and a future they would carve for themselves, he would certainly not be so reckless in this
attack. But they weren’t.
He unrolled the parchment and read the report. A few of the officers had seen to ask the
locals about the lay of the land, and now this was the result. As he read it, the irony became
even thicker and thicker. Leonidas had to smile. It had looped around from eliciting
consternation back into being rather amusing. It would even be a fun little diversion for him.
The king looked back up the mountain pass, towards where he knew the Roman camp
awaited him as an eager grin spread on his face. How would proper human history weather
his challenge? He couldn’t wait to find out.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/ZQ7jBN5M

Chapter 57: Defense
Chapter Summary

Holding the line is a lot more difficult than one would expect.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

From a spot on the cliffs, a flag was waved high above the Roman camp.
The mood changed instantly. Instead of an industrious, watchful calm, everyone within began
moving quickly – soldiers that had been previously resting quickly donned their gear as those
that had been laboring put down their tools and grabbed their weapons. They took up
positions on the battlements of the palisade as they quickly double checked all their supplies
were in place: Arrows, rocks, and even burning pitch that they just managed to procure from
Mediolanum. A crew of engineers stood at the ready with wood and stone, ready to reinforce
and repair the walls as necessary.
Throughout it all, Ren, Ritsu, Mash, and Nero stood on the battlements, looking out into the
mountain pass. Both Masters were wearing the armor Nero had gifted them, while Nero
herself had put on her golden armor, the helmet gleaming despite the cloudy skies. They had
decided to keep the army within the reinforced camp, as it would be foolhardy to neglect
defensive fortifications and advantages, especially with their numbers so few. Thus, Nero
wouldn’t be heading out herself either, much to her annoyance – though dealing with the
invaders that climbed up the wall was a decent compromise.
There had been a quick discussion on where the Servants would be stationed. The legate had
been about to order them to position when Nero surprisingly enough countermanded him. “I
have promoted Amamiya to Centurion,” she had declared. “He would know best where to
distribute his own forces and where they can best contribute to the battle.” Asisculus wasn’t
happy about the decision but acquiesced regardless.
Before Ren sent them out, however, he gathered all the Servants. Loki had a casual smirk on
his face, Tamamo looked determined, and while Joan looked surly, he had her full attention.
“So, about what we said about holding back before,” he said. “Forget that. They outnumber
us by ten to one or so and we can’t afford to retreat. Just limit what collateral damage you
can, but otherwise, I’ll leave it to you guys on how you wanna handle this.”
With that came positioning. Outside the palisade stood two Servants: Lu Bu and Joan. Both
of them were far more adept on the front lines than the others and so would meet the army
directly. They were positioned on the left and right of the pass, funneling the United Roman
Empire into the middle – right into the waiting Roman archers. There was also a ditch lined

with stakes as well in front of the palisade, with more rows in the center compared to the
sides.
On the battlements were Mash and Tamamo. The former would help knock soldiers off
battlements as well as provide protection for the Masters, prioritizing the latter. Tamamo
would serve as cover fire and artillery with her spells and talismans – indeed, a good portion
of the pass was already littered with her talismans, to be set off at her leisure. They were
dialed back so they didn’t bring down the entire mountain pass on everyone within, however
– they were looking for a victory, not a mutually devastating loss.
Finally, both Loki and Jing Ke were out of sight. They were going to handle their usual
matter of taking out the enemy officers and thinning out stragglers where they could.
Between the two of them, they would easily be able to cut off the head of the enemy, making
them far easier to manage. However, there was still the unknown factor of the inhuman
soldiers. If they were part (or all) of the invasion force, did they require orders? Would the
lack of orders even matter to them? Scouts had reported that there were officers among their
number, but exactly how much influence did they have?
They were about to find out through trial by fire – in this case, almost literally.
Ren glanced beside him. Ritsu was squirming uncomfortably, tapping a finger against the
edge of the wall of the palisade. Her stare at the other side of the pass was so intense he
could’ve sworn she would shoot lasers out of them. Mash looked steadier, though she was
keeping a tight grip on her shield. Nero had her arms crossed, calmly yet also impatiently
awaiting the approach of the enemy army.
For himself… he could feel all his muscles coiled like springs, ready to leap into action.
Frankly, he couldn’t blame any of them for feeling so tense – even right before heists, he
always felt the same way. Him and Morgana usually went to bed extra early because they
knew it would take a while for them to actually fall asleep. It was a wonder they were wellrested in the end.
He looked over at Joan and Lu Bu standing in front of the fortifications and defenses. They
were stock still, with Joan’s banner fluttering in the wind. He had to wonder what they were
thinking – were they just as nervous? Were Servants so used to battle that this was nothing to
them? What about Joan? Was she used to these kinds of battles? Maybe he could ask
Tamamo later, as well as Archer and Medusa when he saw them again. Joan probably
wouldn’t talk to him unless she had to and Loki… talking to them was headache inducing.
A drop on his face caught his attention. Then another. Then yet another. As expected, it was
starting to rain. He had been so preoccupied that he didn’t think about what to wear to block
it off. Well, he’ll have to manage“Oh, Ritsu-senpai, Ren-senpai, here!”
Ren blinked as he looked over to see Mash holding a pair of dark-grey rain ponchos with
hoods. The Masters grabbed it and slipped it on, pulling the hoods over. “Dang, Mash, you
thought of everything!” Ritsu marveled with a grin.

The shielder smiled bashfully. “I thought it would be a good idea to bring them along, just in
case,” she explained.
The Phantom Thief simply grinned. Not only were they blocking out the rain, but the darkgrey coloration was handy for camouflage in the mountain pass. He could see the white
Chaldea logo on the front of it. These must be standard issue for excursions. “Good thinking,
Mash,” he complimented. “Thanks for looking out for us.”
Mash blinked as her face turned a shade of red, but she smiled regardless. “We did make a
deal, Ren-senpai,” she pointed out. Ren could only chuckle as Ritsu cheekily grinned. The
redhead had gotten the details of the deal before they left Mediolanum and honestly, she had
been grinning ear to ear once she heard about it. Things were going wonderfully.
“Someone is approaching!”
At the sentry’s warning, everyone’s attention immediately snapped over to the mountain pass
once more. Marching through the rain were three people. Two of them were Roman soldiers,
marching in perfect sync and holding their pilum at the ready. They were flanking the third
person, who cut a much more impressive figure: Taller than both soldiers, broad-chested and
muscular, dressed in a bronze cuirass that left his powerful arms exposed. In his right hand,
he wielded a spear. In his left, a massive round shield. His features were hidden underneath
the helmet he wore, but they could feel the heat of his gaze through the T-shaped opening in
front.
Even from this distance, Ren felt a chill down his back. He didn’t need anyone to tell him
what the man was: A Servant.
As they marched through, the Servant glanced over at Joan and Lu Bu. The latter began
stirring, almost raising his halberd before a quick glare from Nero stopped him. Joan didn’t
move, but her pale-yellow eyes warily watched him for any moves. The two soldiers that
guarded him didn’t seem to take notice whatsoever, still marching in step as they acted as
their commander’s escort.
About thirty feet from the palisade, he stopped, planting his spear in the ground as he stood
tall. “I come forth to demand terms!” he boomed. “Who speaks for you?”
“’Demand terms?’” Nero cried back. “You are impertinent and ungracious for an envoy.
Name yourself and your terms at once!”
The Servant stood taller. “I am King Leonidas of Sparta!” he declared. “We of the United
Roman Empire do not wish to spill any more Roman blood! Surrender and we promise mercy
and clemency to you and your men! Fight, and we will wipe out every single one of you!
Those are our terms!”
Ren’s eyes widened. A glance at Ritsu and Mash showed similar reactions. All of them had
heard of Leonidas. The legendary Spartan king who defended with three hundred of his
countrymen against an army of a hundred thousand Persians at the pass of Thermopylae.
Even though they were briefed that Leonidas was one of the men leading the United Roman
Empire, to encounter him so soon was unexpected.

Meanwhile, Nero scowled. “Well, King Leonidas of Sparta,” she snarled. “Allow me,
Emperor Nero Claudis Caesar Augustus Germanicus, to respond. You dare look down on the
Roman Empire, the greatest civilization to ever exist? Do you truly believe I will allow you
to trample roughshod over my people? I had thought you were a wise, brave kind, not an
utter fool!”
She glared down at the Spartan king. “Here are my terms in turn,” she continued. “We will be
open to peace talks in the future, but for this insult, we demand restitution: Kneel and show
proper repentance. After that, take your forces and retreat so they no longer menace my cities
and my people. If you do not, then we shall regard you and your men as hostile. You and your
forces shall crash against this place like waves against a sheer cliff: As hard as you may fight,
we will never yield and will drive you back! Do you agree to this?”
Leonidas shifted. “Apologies, your grace,” he called out. “I would kneel, but the ground is
rather muddy from the rain, and I would rather not soil my armor. I would rather stand, with
spear and shield in hand.” Ren couldn’t see his expression, but he had the feeling the king
was smirking. “It takes a while to get mud stains out of good bronze, after all. Are you
perhaps aware of this?”
“When was Leonidas such a dandy?” Ren heard Ritsu muttering in disbelief.
Nero nodded, however, stone-faced. “Indeed, it is difficult to get rid of stains in one’s arms
and armor,” she replied stiffly. “If that is the case, then we have nothing more to discuss.”
“No, we do not,” Leonidas agreed. “I hear Romans know how to show hospitality. I expect a
fine welcome from you and yours, Emperor Nero.”
“As emperor, I shall make sure even uninvited guests receive a grand reception,” Nero
retorted. “Do not dally.”
With that, the three turned around and marched off, heading back towards their own army
who were most likely waiting only some distance away out of sight. They all watched in
silence as he left. “So,” Ritsu commented nervously, breaking it. “I didn’t expect Leonidas to
be such a dandy about his stuff. Though he’d be more… I dunno, rough and tumble?”
The emperor frowned at Leonidas’s retreating figure. “It was a metaphor,” she corrected the
Master. “He wouldn’t dare stain his pride by kneeling or showing deference to the enemy. A
fine stance and honestly one that is expected. However, that only means this battle will be
more difficult for us from here on out.”
She turned towards the camp. Ren, Ritsu, and Mash noticed that the entire camp was looking
towards her. “Romans!” she cried. “Today, we stand at the very precipice! If we secure our
victory here, we shall be one step closer to our ultimate glory! If we fail, then all we know
shall fall!”
Then Nero grinned. “But that matters naught!” she declared, much to her soldiers’ confusion.
“We stand against the Spartan king Leonidas! There is hardly a worthier foe for us! Thus, we
shall fight with all our might, so that victory or defeat, our names will resound until the end

of time! Today, the name of Rome shall ring loud and clear, not just for us, but for the world!
For Rome!”
“For Rome!” the soldiers cheered.
Ren had to smile at Nero’s confidence as he turned back to the pass. The battleground may be
different, but still, this was all still familiar: The moment right before they commenced the
heist. Sure, it was going to be brutal, but he couldn’t help but feel excited.
They would be marching on them soon. It was time.
---------Meanwhile, as Leonidas marched back, he glanced down at his armor and sighed. Metaphor
or not, it was annoying to clean mud off bronze.
----------The rainfall became heavier, making it harder to see. The gravel path beneath became brown,
slick mud as the ground became soaked. Roman soldiers lined the battlements, bows at the
ready with fresh supplies of arrows in quivers and baskets right beside them. Master, Servant,
and human waited with bated breath for the approach of the United Roman Empire forces.
Then the first column appeared, bristling with pilum spears as they marched forward. They
had their great rectangular shields raised to deflect arrows from above, in front, and on the
sides. Then two more columns appeared, marching on either side of the first column. The
pass was wide enough to accommodate three columns, though no more. And more appeared
behind them. And more. And even more.
Ren felt a cold chill down his spine. He thought he was prepared. He had faced many foes
before, from the figures of mythology, religion, and fairy tales back in Tokyo to Servants and
monsters in the singularities. They had even faced these soldiers before. However, the sheer
number of men marching towards them was truly staggering. It was a sight he had only seen
in shows and movies. To witness it in reality, and coupled with the fact they were all
marching on them caused a lump of dread to form in the pit of his stomach.
“This… This is really something.” Ritsu noted faintly, gulping nervously.
“I have read of such scenarios,” Mash murmured as her grip around her shield tightened.
“But I didn’t think I would witness it. Please stay close to me, Ren-senpai and Ritsu-senpai.”
The redhead practically scurried to Mash’s side as Ren meandered over, still watching the
approaching columns in equal parts awe and dread. He glanced over at Nero and Asisculus,
who were also watching. And waiting. There was a plan set for their approach. All they
needed was for them to get closer.
“First line!” an officer roared. “Loose!”
The Roman archers fired off a hail of arrows before falling back at letting a fresh line of
archers fire off another volley, repeating the process. The arrows descended like a cloud of

death onto the United Roman Empire army. Most of them were deflected by or embedded in
the large scutum shields, though a few managed to make their way into the gaps and took out
precious few men.
However, despite the storm of arrows, the United Roman Empire columns still marched
relentlessly, their sandals splattering against the mud as they approached the walls. Joan and
Lu Bu stirred as they got closer, the Lancer raising her blade as spears of dark energy
appeared in the air above her while the Berserker hefted his great halberd. Scorpion bolts
flew above their heads and crashed into the approaching columns, tearing through their
shields and into the soldiers behind. Yet all they did was close ranks and continued marching,
barely even slowing. They marched closer… closer…
“Now!” Nero roared.
Suddenly, multiple tornadoes of fire burst into existence amidst the columns of United
Roman Empire soldiers, incinerating the ones caught within while blasting away the ones
who were nearby. They were talisman traps, courtesy of Tamamo. Meanwhile, the onagers
within the camp were loaded with pots filled with pitch, set aflame, and launched right into
the enemy lines. They shattered and splashed all the soldiers in burning, sticky resin, setting
them ablaze. It was a scene that could be described as something straight from hell.
And yet the soldiers marched. They made no sound – no screams of agony, no panicked
shouts. They didn’t even break formation. If they were knocked over, they simply picked
themselves back up, rejoined a column, and kept marching. Some officers were barking
commands to move around the flames but were rapidly silenced either by Loki or Jing Ke. It
mattered little, however, as the soldiers already had their orders.
A volley of arrows sprang up from the back lines of the United Roman Empire’s forces. The
soldiers on shield duty immediately raised their shields, blocking out the majority as a few
found their marks regardless. Mash had done the same, easily blocking the arrows as both
Ren and Ritsu took cover underneath. From the shouts of pain and alarm, a few arrows had
found their mark. As the wounded and dead were carried off, the arrows were recovered by
runners and restocked for their own archers to use.
Finally, they had gotten close enough. With war cries that reverberated off the cliff walls,
they charged in. With each cleave, they cut through the soldiers like hot butter, their
transparent liquid splashing everywhere as they fell over soundlessly - only to be replaced by
yet more soldiers, thrusting with their pilum spears. Regardless of everything, they still
marched forward, only some diverting towards the middle as planned.
Ren watched as they fought. Lu Bu’s moves were extremely rough, more just swinging his
halberd around than any actual technique, with the soldiers getting incidentally caught by
them. Joan in comparison fought with more finesse, swinging and stabbing with her banner
and slashing with La Pucelle. Spears of dark energy darted forward and impaled more of the
soldiers, immolating them in blue fire.
Looking past the Servants, he could see that some of the enemy soldiers were carrying
ladders to scale the walls as well as constructing their own scorpions and onagers. He
immediately sent a mental communication to his Servants. ‘Caster, deal with those ladders!’

he commanded. ‘Avenger, take out the siege weapons! ’ Seconds later, blasts of wind and
flame destroyed the ladders as the onagers and scorpions were smashed to pieces.
“Wh-why do they not flee?” one soldier whimpered as he loosed yet another arrow into the
mass. “They don’t cry or scream, they just march like… like soulless husks! What are these
monstrosities?!” Similar cries of fear and panic began spreading contagiously throughout the
battlements and lines, causing Ren, Ritsu, and Mash to look around in alarm. This wasn’t
good. They needed to calm everyone down“Do not panic, my soldiers!” Nero cried, standing tall on the battlements with her eyes
towards the chaos in the pass. Her greatsword lashed out and sliced down several arrows that
sought to harm her. Thankfully, the Chaldeans had briefed her and Asisculus on the inhuman
soldiers Morgana had encountered. “These are nothing more than facsimiles. They may bear
the shape of Roman soldiers but are no Romans! Look! They do not even bleed red – the
color of the empire! Truly, the enemy’s mockery knows no bounds!”
She pointed her sword forward. “Any true-blooded Roman is worth more than ten – no, a
hundred of these forgeries!” Nero roared. “Will the people of Rome capitulate to forgeries?
Show them, men! Show them why Rome stands as the apex! We will not be bested by these
insults!” The soldiers roared and redoubled their fire, their rage kindled by the insult on
themselves and the empire.
“Jeez, this is just crazy,” Ritsu commented as she kept her head down underneath Mash’s
shield. “Have you ever been through something like this, Ren?”
The Phantom Thief blinked and shook his head. “We’ve been through some pretty crazy
adventures,” he admitted as the sounds of arrows hitting the shield echoed above him. “But
this is the first time facing an army. It’s a lot louder and chaotic than I expected though.”
He poked his head above the wall to see how things were going. The pass was an inferno
thanks to the magical flame tornados as well as the burning pitch. Joan and Lu Bu were still
mowing through the soldiers without an issue. The ditches were already filled with skewered
soldiers as they continued to march. They were getting close to the wall, but there weren’t
any ladders or siege weapons nearby, meaning they were shut out regardless. Everything
seemed to be going well so far.
“ How are we holding up, guys? ” he called out as he ducked back down. “ Caster? ”
“ They aren’t any match for a miko’s skills, ” Tamamo reassured him. “ But there are still a lot
of them. Covering all this ground is tricky even for someone of my talents. But otherwise,
there hasn’t been any trouble on my end. ”
Ren nodded. Both Ritsu and Mash were listening in as well. “ Lancer? How about you?” he
asked.
He half expected the incarnated Servant to ignore him, but to his surprise the reply was
prompt. “ Nothing going on here, ” she stated. “ These idiots just keep marching right into
both me and Berserker. They’re even worse than the wyverns I summoned in Orleans! Guess
they’re just constructs that can’t do shit without instructions, after all.”

He blinked. It certainly did seem that way, and it was certainly making the army more
manageable in a sense. They needed every advantage they could get with just how utterly
outnumbered they were. However, their lack of self-preservation instincts meant they still
advanced despite the almost literal hell that was being thrown at them.
A chill ran down his spine. It reminded him far too much of the robots in Okumura’s Palace –
especially when they were given the executive orders to self-destruct. The greatest
consolation here at least was that these… things… weren’t people. Hopefully.
“ Avenger? ” he called out.
“ Frankly, I’m almost disappointed,” came Loki’s drawl. “ I expected this to be boring but
honestly, it was even worse than I expected.”
“ Loki… ” Ren called out warningly.
An annoyed sigh came in response. “ Everything’s going well, ” was the trickster god’s
exasperated reply.
Ren nodded as Ritsu giggled at the conversation between the two. Even Mash couldn’t help
but smile, helped by the fact that she didn’t have to do much beyond holding up her shield to
ward off arrows. Still, something was off as he once more peered over the wall. Everything
seemed to be going well so far. The soldiers were going down without too much trouble and
thanks to Loki dealing with the siege weapons, their walls hadn’t even been scratched. There
were the arrows, but everyone’s shields seemed to be holding up well enough. Though a lot
of it could be attributed to the ServantsHis thoughts froze immediately as a realization hit him like a ton of bricks, his eyes
widening. “Er, something wrong, Ren?” Ritsu asked, confused. Mash shot Ren a worried
glance at the question.
He didn’t immediately respond as he immediately shot out another mental message. “ Have
any of you guys seen Leonidas anywhere? ” he questioned. Both Ritsu and Mash’s eyes
widened at the question as they waited for the answer.
“ Not seeing him here in the front lines, ” Joan noted.
“ My talismans aren’t picking up anything, ” Tamamo mused.
“ I wouldn’t be so bored if he was here in the first place, ” Loki groused.
His worry quickly escalated. “Emperor!” he called over, catching Nero’s attention. “No one’s
seen any sign of Leonidas!”
Nero’s eyes widened as she immediately turned to Asisculus to consult with him. Meanwhile,
Ren’s eyes became red as he turned back towards the pass – which didn’t help out too much
as all of the enemy soldiers were highlighted in red, leaving him only seeing a solid smear of
color and light that completely covered the pass. He had to turn away blinking to get rid of

the dots in his eyes – and almost jumped at Ritsu’s cry of surprise. “Wha-wha-wha,” she
stammered. “What’s with your eyes?!”
Ren blinked, then chuckled despite the tense situation. That’s right, he never told her about
his Third Eye. The topic really never came up – not that it was easy to explain anyway. “I’ll
tell you later,” he quickly said before looking around. Then he caught a hint of something
from the back in the mountains: A flash of red. His throat immediately went dry. “They
circled around,” he murmured in realization.
Ritsu frowned. “What?” she called. “I didn’t hear you!”
“They circled around!” Ren repeated louder. “They’re gonna hit from the other side!”
He rapidly turned to the emperor again. “Nero!” he called out to her. “They’re taking another
path and circling around. They’re gonna hit the other side!”
Nero paled as she spun to Asisculus. “Get your men to guard the eastern walls!” she quickly
barked.
Asisculus scowled in turn. “All our forces are barely holding the main force at bay,
Imperator!” he growled in frustration. “We can’t spare anyone!”
Ren meanwhile started contacting the Servants again. “ They’re taking another way and are
gonna hit us from behind!” he relayed to them. “ Can any of you intercept them?”
“ I can’t move from here, Master, ” Tamamo replied. “ I need to stay in closer proximity to
maintain these fire tornados! ”
“ Bit busy here!” Joan grunted.
Loki sighed. “ While this is boring, unfortunately there’s still a lot of officers and siege
engines, ” he grumbled.
The Phantom Thief paled. They were pinned down. Absolutely nobody was available to
intercept them, meaning that the flanking force, including a Servant – King Leonidas of
Sparta at that – had a huge opening to strike back. The defense would crumble like a
sandcastle in a rising tide. And there was no way to stop him. Unless…
It was damn risky, but then, he wasn’t a stranger to risks.
He turned back to Ritsu. “Keep an eye on this battle and send backup as soon as you can,” he
ordered. “I’m gonna delay them as long as I can.”
Ritsu blinked. “Wh-what?” she spluttered in confusion. She didn’t get an answer as Ren took
off and ran down the wall into the camp.
“R-Ren-senpai?!” Mash called out worriedly. Still shielding the redhead, the two of them
quickly followed Ren, their shoes splashing against the mud. They caught up at the opposite
side of the camp where there weren’t any soldiers as he looked around, seemingly seeing if
anyone was nearby. “R-Ren-senpai, I’ll come with you!”

“No,” Ren replied immediately. “I need you here to protect Ritsu and the emperor, as well as
act as both backup and the last line of defense here. Just do what you can and keep yourselves
safe.” With that, he took a breath and raised a hand to his face, once more envisioning
himself tearing off his mask.
“Cerberus!”
With a flash of blue flame, the white lion burst into being with a mighty roar. Ritsu yelped in
surprise, falling on her rear and splashing mud everywhere as she stared in shock at the
persona. “That’s… that’s your magecraft?!” she spouted, utterly bewildered. “Wait – you
mean that’s a persona?! That’s Cerberus?! But… why the hell is it a lion?!”
Ren paused for a second. “You know, I never really asked why,” he admitted. “But I just kind
of went with it.” He reached out to the persona… and touched it, feeling the lion’s
surprisingly soft fur. It was corporeal. Honestly, he had never done something like this, but
that was what he willed his persona to be, and here it was.
He nodded. This was what he needed.
With that, he mounted Cerberus. Both girls were still staring in pure shock until Mash
regained her senses first. “Ren-senpai, please!” she pleaded desperately. “Let me come with
you, or at least wait until someone else can go! You don’t have to take this risk!”
“Sorry, Mash, but I don’t think we can afford to wait,” Ren commented grimly. Indeed,
checking with the Third Eye again, the detachment force had advanced a good deal further.
He didn’t know how long their route would take but frankly, he wasn’t about to take any
chances. Turning back to them, he smirked – as much as his confidence would allow,
anyway. “I’ll be counting on you guys,” he stated. “Catch you in a bit!”
With that, Cerberus took off with the speed of the Underworld, with Ren clutching at his
mane so he wouldn’t be flung off. Above the rain, he heard the two girls screaming his name
as they faded away. His grip tightened as his lips pressed into a grim line.
This wouldn’t be easy.
----------The detachment force marched silently, the quiet broken only by the occasional barking of an
officer amending his orders. Their sandals trod easily on the winding muddy paths uphill. It
had been the hardest starting out on this mountain side path, where it had only been wide
enough to march two men abreast. Thankfully, as the path crested, it widened so they could
once more form a decent column. No doubt the path would once more narrow on the way
downhill but it would matter little at that point.
In front of the detachment force was Leonidas. The report he had received from the soldier
was information about a side path that shepherds sometimes used when the main route was
too clogged up from trade or military patrols. A scout went and verified the path, including
its ending point: Right behind the entrenched enemy fortifications.

With the information, he took a force of approximately two hundred soldiers with him. Any
more and they would be hopelessly snarled up in the narrow pathways, not to mention they
would lose the element of surprise. It was less than the soldiers holding the camp, sure, but
just as one could defend with a lower number than the opponent, so too could one ambush
with a lower number in turn.
Besides, he always had his own loyal men to call upon as well. Warriors vastly greater and
more capable than these soulless constructs or the glory-hungry, greedy officers with him.
While he didn’t care too greatly about winning, if the Roman Empire couldn’t best him, then
what chance did they have against those that stood behind him? No. He needed to make sure
they were strong enough to fight, with enough cunning and forethought to deal with
unexpected attacks like what he planned.
Underneath his helmet, he broke into a small, amused smile. This was almost exactly the
same as his infamous battle at Thermopylae, down to the side path. The same kind of path
brought about his defeat then. Would it bring about the Roman Empire’s defeat in turn? He
would be disappointed if it did, but not altogether unexpected.
As they reached the crest of the mountain where it was widest, Leonidas blinked in surprise.
One person stood before him. A young man barely into adulthood, he wore merely the
cuirass of a Roman soldier, but it was of surprisingly fine make. He also wore some sort of
dark-grey cloak designed to ward off the rain. His countenance was hardly Roman or of any
peoples he knew of nearby. All in all, he looked to be a foreigner who had been given grace
by the Roman Empire.
Under normal circumstances, he thought the man was deserting – in which case, he’d cut
down the man on the spot – but he could feel a certain tension in the air about them. No, this
wasn’t a deserter. This man was a soldier, who had seen them coming and had taken upon
himself to hold them off by himself. Even then, he thought that perhaps it was arrogance
coming from youth…
Until the young man lifted his face, his red eyes glimmering almost malevolently in the
clouded sun as he smirked. Oh, it wasn’t arrogance. The young man was confident that he
would be able to hold them here. How interesting.
Leonidas raised his spear, and the entire army stopped behind him. “You are a long way from
your camp and fortifications,” he called out. “What is your business here?”
The young man’s smirk widened. “I think you already heard from the emperor,” he replied.
“Even unwelcome guests are given a grand welcome by us. It wouldn’t look great if we
allowed them to slip by us without granting them a bit of hospitality, would it?”
The Spartan couldn’t help but chuckle. “No, it wouldn’t,” he agreed easily. “However, it
wouldn’t do for the host of this reception to remain unknown. Name yourself.”
“Names have a lot of power, you know,” the young man replied casually as he took off his
hood, revealing a mess of black hair. He murmured something underneath his breath and an
instant later, a beautiful young woman appeared behind him in a blaze of blue fire. She was
kneeling, gently holding an outstretched thread in her hands, her gaze observant and serene.

Despite only having a vague impression of her, Leonidas somehow immediately knew who
she was: One of the Moirae Sisters – Lachesis, the Measurer of the Thread. Already, he could
feel his fate being spun in the thread she held. He barely heard his officers crying out in
shock behind him as they registered her presence as well. This was utterly unexpected – and
that only had him more excited. This was turning out to be a far more interesting expedition
than he expected.
“But for you, King Leonidas of Sparta?” the young man continued as he grinned. He brought
out a knife which transformed into a pistol – and trained directly on him.
“You can call me Joker.”

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more: https://discord.gg/dK2fmtqF

Chapter 58: Downpour
Chapter Summary

Fighting by himself isn't something new for Ren. Doesn't make it any less harrowing.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“REN!!”
The joint screams of the girls echoed into the rain as they watched him take off on Cerberus,
soon turning into a white shimmer before disappearing entirely. Ritsu gulped, trying to catch
her thoughts. Her idol had raced off into the mountain pass to deal with the detachment by
himself – and as much as she thought the world of him, even she knew that going up against
a Servant was nothing more than a suicide mission.
Her breathing quickened as her thoughts raced. She needed to do something but what? What
could she possibly do? All she could think about were the boxes and boxes of items of the
deceased back in the storage room – of people that she had met and gotten to know even a bit
yet would never be able to see or talk to them again. Images of going through the boxes and
seeing Ren’s stuff there immediately began flashing in her mind as she felt bile clawing up
her stomach to her throat“Senpai!”
Ritsu blinked, and suddenly she was standing in the camp, the rain pelting down around them
as the roar of the battle echoed from behind. In front of her was Mash, looking concerned.
She had gripped her arm and had shaken her to bring her back to her senses. “Senpai, please,”
the shielder pleaded. “Ren-senpai needs help – he can’t do this alone. What are your orders?”
The redhead blinked again, then reached up and slapped her own cheeks, splashing rainwater
all over her face and catching Mash by surprise. The stinging pain and the cold water brought
her back to her senses. Mash was right – he needed help, and like hell was she going to let
him die like some heroic idiot! If she couldn’t stand up to her idol now, then when the hell
would she, damnit!?
“Let Nero and the legate know where Ren ran off to!” she barked out as she marched over to
a nearby supply rack and hauled up a shield. It was surprisingly light all things considered.
All the better for her. “I’ll contact Chaldea and the other Servants and try to get backup! I’ll
meet you back up on the battlements!”
Mash blinked as she watched Ritsu lift the shield, then nodded. “Yes, Master!” she
acknowledged before dashing off, far faster than any human ever could.

Meanwhile, Ritsu lifted the shield above her head – right as an arrow thudded right into it.
She blinked in shock at the tip of the arrowhead poking through the other side, then growled
as she raised her other hand, turning on the communicator. “Roman, we got trouble!” she
barked as the holographic image popped up. “Ren’s run off by himself to intercept a URE
detachment – one that has Leonidas in it!”
Roman, who had been eating a bun, immediately started choking before grabbing the mug of
coffee nearby and chugging it down to clear his mouth. “ He did WHAT?! ” he screeched. “
I’ll hail him and monitor his progress! He’ll probably ignore me, but I’ll keep tabs and relay
as much as I can!”
“Appreciate it,” Ritsu replied gratefully, grunting slightly as another arrow hit her shield, this
time bouncing off and plopping into the mud beside her. “Also, see if you can find any
leylines or something nearby! We can try to bring someone from Chaldea in to back him up!”
The doctor blinked, then nodded. “ I don’t think there’s any nearby and I’m not sure if
Chaldea’s energy supplies can handle it,” he growled. “ But I’ll do what I can to make it
work on my end. I’ll be counting on you, Ritsu!”
“Leave it to me, doc,” she reassured him before cutting off communication. With that, she
began running back towards the battlements, scowling as more arrows hit her shield.
Stepping back up, she quickly made her way to where Nero and Mash were standing. She
glanced over at the battlefield. It didn’t seem much has changed at all, with the soldiers still
blindly marching through the flames and Servants. The piles of charred and sliced up bodies
had gotten bigger, but that was about it.
“Auxiliary Fujimaru!” Nero called over, her face grim. “Auxiliary Kyrielight has informed
me of the situation. While I applaud his initiative in dealing with such a threat, we cannot
send him in alone! However, as you can see…” She glanced over at the battlefield and sighed
in frustration. “We still do not have the capability to send any forces as backup.”
Ritsu thought hard – and despite the seriousness of the situation, a smile started appearing on
her face. “And what if we free them up?” she asked.
“Master?” Mash asked questioningly.
“Leonidas isn’t among the forces here, so we don’t have to worry about him crashing the
party,” she explained. “And as many as they are, they’re no match for our Servants. So
instead of waiting here, why don’t we take the fight to them and get this done sooner? Once
we have some breathing room, we can send someone over to Ren!”
Nero blinked in surprise, then nodded with a grin. “An excellent idea, Auxiliary!” she
commended her. “Let us relay the change in plans promptly! I will notify the legate as well as
Lu Bu and Jing Ke!”
Ritsu nodded before turning to Mash. “I’ll be safe here,” she assured her. “Get out there and
cause some havoc!”

The shielder blinked in surprise before her expression hardened into determination. “Yes,
Master!” she cried before vaulting over the battlements into the ground, charging with a wild
war cry before smashing into the first soldier with her shield. Its armor and body crumpled up
into a mess before being launched back by the sheer force with the blow.
As Mash joined the battle, Ritsu immediately contacted all their Servants. “ Heads up, all ,”
she quickly stated. “ Ren left to take care of a detachment that has Leonidas in it. So-“
She was immediately interrupted as expected by all three Servants. “ He did WHAT?! ” they
screamed.
Ritsu didn’t think Loki would have that kind of reaction either but frankly, she wasn’t going
to ask about it now. “ Yes, I know, my hero is apparently a brave dumbass, ” she agreed
quickly. “ So, change of plans! I already have Mash joining you on the front lines. Joan, Loki,
push forward and start carving your way through them! Work with Lu Bu and Jing Ke to
clear them out! Tamamo, stay here just in case!”
With that, the momentum of the battle started changing as Joan, Mash, and Lu Bu began
advancing, cutting down the horde in front of them. The few soldiers that slipped past them
were incinerated by Tamamo’s spells. Before long, the front line was getting further and
further as the three carved their way through the United Roman Empire forces. In the
meantime, Asisculus went to organize a relief force to dispatch as soon as he could.
The redheaded Master watched as they all worked. Soon, they would be freed up enough to
rescue Ren and knowing him, he would most likely be able to survive by then. They would
rescue him. And she was absolutely going to let him have it.
“I’m idolizing the most heroic idiot that currently walks the Earth,” she muttered in
exasperation. “What is my life.”
---------Ren was terrified.
Although he put on his ‘Joker’ persona (figuratively), seeing an entire line of Roman soldiers
in front of him, spearheaded by the Spartan King himself was frankly utterly intimidating.
They had their full attention on him, which was precisely what he wanted – and it made
things even more terrifying for him. This wasn’t the Metaverse, with all the benefits that it
came with. This was the real world, which limited his options.
He blinked, and suddenly, he was facing the massive horde of policemen right outside Sae’s
Palace. The regular policemen coupled with the armored Special Assault Team officers, also
wielding shields and armed with batons. The phantom pain of one of the latter ramming his
head with the butt of his gun still resonated with him, albeit not as bad as getting his leg
stomped on in the interrogation room.
Then he blinked again, and once more, he was on top of the mountain, the rain falling all
around him as he faced down the soldiers. Not good. He needed to concentrate.

“You would name yourself a jester and stand before us?” Leonidas asked, the disbelief and
even faint amusement clear in his voice. “Well, I must admit, it would seem to be a laughable
act you are putting on were you simply a mere fool-” The Phantom Thief had to snicker
privately at that descriptor. “-But you are no mere fool, are you?”
Ren smirked again and shrugged, raising his hands. “Who can say?” he asked lightly. “Maybe
I’m a fool, maybe I’m not. Maybe I’m graced by the gods, maybe it’s all just an illusion.” So
saying, Lachesis vanished and was replaced with yet another burst of blue flames – a similar
looking young woman in grey garb, except holding a spindle high in her hand with a thread
stretched out: Clotho, the Weaver of the Thread. There were more cries of shock from the
sentient men among the force, though Leonidas seemed undaunted still. “And maybe I have
only one trick up my sleeve… or a thousand,” he finished. “So, your majesty, would you and
your men care for a performance?”
This display had a twofold purpose – aside from intimidation, he had also been checking on
his personas. The Moirae Sisters felt a lot less tiring to summon than most of his personas,
barring Arsene. He already tested Cerberus earlier on the way over. Olga had done good work
with her astrology in the Velvet Room, but the real test was yet to come. Right now, he was
playing for time, but if he knew anything about Leonidas, talking would only forestall him
and his men for so long. Still, every second counted.
There was a moment of silence from Leonidas. Then there was a low chuckle before he burst
out into full, hearty laughter, the sound booming over the rain. “I must admit, when I was
summoned for this campaign, I had expected it to be a rather dull affair!” he admitted. “But
now you have my interest! Very well, Joker! We shall partake in your performance!"
The Spartan King raised his spear and pointed towards Ren. “Legionnaires!” he roared out.
“Push through the enemy!”
The Roman soldiers silently fell into formation, shields forward with pilum spears poking
out, and they marched past Leonidas towards the Master. “And here we go…” Ren
murmured. He felt his circuits warming up as Clotho waved a hand over at the soldiers, a
wave of energy washing over and surrounding the soldiers as well as Leonidas. The Servant
blinked in surprise and shook his head as if clearing his mind, but then…
“Wh-what the- why are we here? What’s going- Company HALT!”
Leonidas turned in genuine surprise as a column of soldiers halted – and another plowed right
into them, knocking all of them down. Similar remarks of confusion rang from the officers as
the march was quickly thrown into chaos. Hearing the sound of wet footsteps, he whirled
about to see Ren repositioning.
“Atropos!” Ren called out.
Another of the Fates burst forth, wearing darker clothing with an odd headdress. She held a
pair of shears in her hand – Atropos, the Cutter of the Thread. Pointing with her shears, bursts
of lightning sparked among the collapsed soldiers. Conducted by their metallic armor, they
were electrocuted on the spot and left as cinders on the mud-soaked battlefield, taking out a
good twenty or so soldiers, perhaps more.

And yet more marched forward, silently trampling over their fallen brethren with spears
bristling through their shielded formation. Leonidas slammed his spear against his shield.
“Rally to me!” he roared, immediately garnering his officers’ attention. “Where is your
discipline?! We have our objective: The enemy camp! One man stands in our way! Eliminate
him and continue our march!” The officers quickly moved in a panic, trying to rally their
forces to push forward.
And yet, despite his disappointment in his own men, Leonidas grinned with eager
anticipation underneath his helmet. This young man, this jester, this trickster, had powers he
hadn’t seen before. He was cunning and clever. He was strong. This was easily the most
interesting thing he had seen throughout this entire campaign.
This Joker had better not disappoint him.
---------Soldier after soldier. Column after column. The tide seemed endless.
He pulled out every trick he could. Lachesis froze the soldiers in place as an impromptu
barrier, only to be smashed to pieces by their cohorts without any hesitation. Atropos
electrified the soldiers while Cerberus incinerated them – and they marched right over the
charred corpses. Clotho kept causing the officers to forget their mission and sowed confusion
among their ranks, which became less and less effective as Leonidas simply took command
and, in the end, dismissed the officers.
Ren thought he saw Leonidas literally kick an officer off the cliff for ‘gross incompetence
and cowardice that would never be tolerated in Sparta,’ complete with shouting the last word,
but at this point it might have been exhaustion.
The Phantom Thief grunted as he plucked out an arrow that had pierced his armor – though
not through his Chaldean Master uniform – and tossed it on the ground as he loaded another
cartridge into his gun. He had retreated with Cerberus a fair distance from where they started
– to the point he could see the cliff ahead of him – and hid behind an outcropping of rocks.
There wouldn’t be anywhere to retreat to at this rate.
His circuits were burning from the strain he had put on them and his vision swam from
exhaustion. Even with his boosted personas, there had been so many of them and so
relentless that he still used far more energy than he expected. He even tried to end things
quickly by having Atropos electrify the boulders above them to cause a rockslide. It
succeeded – until Leonidas literally jumped up and swatted the rocks aside.
Taking out a water bottle, he took a quick swig to soothe his parched mouth and throat. How
many did he take out? Maybe fifty or sixty? It was hard to count when he was in the middle
of fighting like this. And it still felt like there were a lot of them left. A shame this wasn’t the
Metaverse – a quick drink and a snack later, he’d be back up and running on full steam, no
problem.
Already, he could hear the marching of the soldiers against the mud getting louder and louder.
His only reprieve had been the fact that they had been taking their time and simply marching

as opposed to rushing him. That and the fact that Leonidas had been quietly observing him
this whole time. Honestly, he expected the king to step out and immediately take him out, but
he seemed content to just watch.
‘ Seriously? ’ Ren thought, flabbergasted. ‘ This is a full-on war and you’re testing me? ’
Taking one last breath to steady himself, he ran out from behind the boulder. “Lachesis!” he
roared out. The Measurer of the Thread once more appeared in a blaze of blue fire. With a
stroke of the thread, the muddy ground underneath the soldiers immediately froze solid,
causing the soldiers to start slipping on the unexpected slick terrain. Some managed to retain
their footing and keep marching but others fell, causing the ranks behind them to trip and fall
as well, starting yet another domino effect.
Ren winced as he felt his energy drop and his circuits blaze again like someone was pressing
a branding iron to his skin. Despite that, he had to grin. The grouped up Roman formations
may be intimidating at first glance, but they were quickly becoming a weakness for his
powers, given the area they could cover. Plus, thanks to how narrow the place was combined
with the speed of Cerberus meant they couldn’t hem him in either.
His eyes widened as another volley of arrows were fired. “Cerberus!” he cried out. The sister
of Fate vanished to be replaced with the white lion once more, which Ren quickly mounted.
Racing away, the arrows fell into the mud below well away from Ren. Halting some distance
away, Cerberus roared as fountains of flames sprouted from the ground, incinerating more
soldiers – which did nothing to even slow down the march of the soldiers as always.
The Phantom Thief gritted his teeth as he dismounted, his muscles screaming in protest. He
raised his gun and fired at their legs, punching holes that wept transparent liquid as more
soldiers buckled, once more slowing those behind them. Just regular bullets worked fine – the
special bullets could pierce through several at once but frankly, that did basically nothing. It
didn’t even slow them down. Headshots apparently had no effect on them, though shots to
their hearts did. The problem was their shields and armor blocked both his bullets and his
aim, making it tremendously hard to get a good shot.
“Atropos!” he roared. The Cutter appeared once more and electrocuted yet another batch of
soldiers – to be replaced by yet more. He gritted his teeth. While he was thankful for how
slow the soldiers were moving, the pace of the entire battle frustrated him. It wasn’t like back
in the Metaverse where the fights were usually quick deals or tense moments, or even back in
the other singularities. Here, it was just a slog where it seemed the goal was closer to
completely exhaust him rather than kill him.
A shiver ran down his spine as he glanced past the soldiers to Leonidas, who was still
watching impassively. Was that his goal? To exhaust him so much that he’d be easy to
capture after getting a good look at his capabilities? A second later, he dismissed the thought.
If Leonidas wanted to capture him, then he would have many, many better ways of doing so,
whether it was getting the soldiers to swarm him and capture him like the cops once did, or
simply doing it himself.
He snapped out of it in time to notice a line of soldiers moving on the far side, trying to move
around and past him. A pair stopped and nocked their bows in full view. The first arrow he

dodged by jumping aside. The second arrow, however, thudded through his armor right into
his shoulder, sending a shock of pain through his tired body.
Ren glanced down at the arrow sticking out of him. It thankfully didn’t burrow all too deeply
thanks to the armor, but it was apparently enough to penetrate his clothes and cut into his
flesh. He reached up to yank the arrow out – and barely dodged a soldier that had marched up
and nearly stabbed him. Rolling out of the way, he winced as the arrow dug into his shoulder
from his contracting muscles.
“Arsene!” he roared.
His other self burst forth, his red coat and wings fluttering in the air with a malevolent laugh.
Fountains of pure darkness erupted underneath multiple soldiers as the persona flew forward,
cutting more of them down. While the soldiers were distracted, he reached up and plucked
the arrow out of his shoulder with a grunt. He did a quick check. The arrowhead was wet
with his blood. He scowled as he tossed it aside. At least it didn’t get stuck in his shoulder
like how arrows were designed to be.
Still, with Arsene out, he wouldn’t be able to summon Pixie to fix himself. Well, it should be
alright – it wasn’t exactly hurting all that much aside from some stinging. He should be able
to handle it. But until then, there were more soldiers to deal with.
‘ How many more are there…? ’ Ren thought sluggishly. ‘ How many more do I have to…?’
---------He kept fighting, giving ground bit by bit as the soldiers relentlessly marched on despite his
best efforts. He kept switching between Lachesis, Clotho, Arsene, and Cerberus, using the
latter to give himself some distance to recover and regain what little energy he could. More
injuries accumulated – a scratch from a spear on his leg, a rock falling on his head causing it
to bleed, and other small cuts and bruises. The adrenaline was pumping in full force as he
raced about, making sure no soldiers got past him but even then, his stamina was heavily
flagging.
Before too long, Ren was surrounded by frozen or charred bodies of the soldiers all around as
he knelt against a rock, struggling to breathe. He wasn’t sure if his vision was blurry or he
was literally steaming right now. Given how hot his body felt and his circuits felt like red-hot
metal seared onto his bones, the latter wouldn’t even surprise him anymore.
He lifted his head up, feeling like he was carrying the weight of the entire world on his
shoulders. There were approximately ten soldiers left, still marching towards him. Leonidas
hadn’t participated at all in the fight and still stood there, watching. Any words he had for the
Spartan king, be they questions, snarky remarks, or boasts, he almost literally had no breath
for.
‘ My other self ,’ a voice growled within, impatient and worried.
‘ Yeah, I know,’ Ren sighed back. Arsene could sense his exhaustion, and frankly he couldn’t
blame him. He was running on fumes at this point.

Gritting his teeth, he clawed the rock as he brought himself back up to his feet and stumbled
forward. His gun felt so heavy in his hand. No way would he be able to aim properly with it.
With a flick of his hand, the gun transformed back into a knife. “Arsene,” he panted out. The
red-coated persona once more appeared. Normally, it wasn’t that much of a burden to
summon even at the beginning, but with his flagging stamina, even this felt far too much.
Instead of rushing forward like before, Arsene waited for the soldiers to march up to him.
Ren didn’t have much energy for anything else at this point. He needed to conserve what
energy he could. He watched as the soldiers came closer… and closer… and closer…
Arsene kicked out with his bladed legs, slicing up a soldier as they began surrounding the
Persona. A few continued marching towards Ren instead, who gripped his blade tighter. He
could barely manipulate Arsene as he was right now and if he disappeared, all the soldiers
would turn their attention towards him. He needed to limit how many he personally had to
deal with.
As the soldiers approached, he could see that their expressions were utterly unchanging but
most terrifying of all, they had no eyes whatsoever. While he believed Morgana, seeing them
personally was a far different matter entirely. It certainly made it easier for what he needed to
do next.
Shambling forward, he made a wide slice to the first soldier. The knife, made by one of the
greatest geniuses that walked the planet and infused with the fang of the legendary Fafnir,
sliced right through the shield like it was made of paper before closing the distance. Ren
stepped in before the soldier could react, and thrust into the chest, the blade easily piercing
through armor, clothing, and bone. That done, he shoved the soldier away, causing
transparent liquid to spurt out as it fell to the ground, motionless.
Arsene cut down another. Eight left.
A soldier thrust forward with his spear. Ren stumbled to the side, the spear deflecting off his
armor as he closed the distance. Grabbing hold of the spear to keep the soldier still, he
rammed the knife right into the soldier’s chest, causing it to spurt out more transparent liquid
before it was shoved away. Arsene had lashed out with its claws, slicing apart two more
soldiers.
Five left.
Turning around, Ren’s eyes widened and he ducked – barely dodging a pilum spear that
sailed right where his head had been and landing well past him. The soldier drew his gladius
and marched forward, shield in hand once more.
Despite his exhaustion, he had to smirk. These soldiers may be well trained, but they
certainly weren’t all that adaptable. He shambled forward once more, his knife raised to slice
apart the shield once more – and was rebuffed with a shield shove that sent him stumbling to
the ground. Ren had to catch his breath and bearings in surprise from the counter, his head
spinning in circles – and barely rolled out of the way of the soldier stabbing down at him.

He scrambled to his feet, his heart hammering in his chest as fresh adrenaline flowed through
his body. That was far, FAR too close. He really should stop getting complacent about
enemies. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Arsene cutting down another soldier and
engulfing another with another fountain of darkness. Three left.
This time, Ren waited for the soldier to approach. Approaching carelessly like before almost
got him killed and frankly, he couldn’t afford the energy at this point. He could barely even
lift his knife as he struggled to keep his vision on the soldier. Shield in hand, gladius ready,
the soldier approached carefully. Suddenly, he moved his shield and thrusted at his belly. Ren
stumbled again to the side, grabbing hold of his outstretched arm. Pulling him close, he cut
apart the shield and finally stabbed the soldier’s chest, kicking it away from him once more.
This time, the motion caused him to stumble backwards, landing on his rear in the rough mud
and rock, his hands scraping against the gravel. Arsene had dispatched the last two soldiers
and vanished in a flash of blue flame. Ren struggled to breathe, doing everything he could to
retain consciousness. His body ached from both his circuits searing into his flesh and his
sinew and bones protesting even the slightest motion. All he could really see at this point
were corpses.
Approaching footsteps caught his attention. He forced his gaze up and saw Leonidas standing
above him, still holding his spear and shield. The king’s gaze was unreadable yet calculating.
The Phantom Thief gritted his teeth and pushed himself up before collapsing back on his
knees again. Everything of his burned and ached. He had absolutely no energy left. He
couldn’t even summon Pixie to fix what few wounds he had left. All he could do was glare
defiantly at the Spartan king.
If this was the way he was going out, he could at least look the man in the eye.
Neither of them moved or spoke as the rain continued to fall around them, the water flowing
around the scars of the battle and on the solitary two figures. Leonidas stepped forward… and
his spear and shield disappeared in his hands as he reached down and pulled up Ren by the
arm. “Can you stand?” he asked quietly.
Ren blinked in surprise, then let out an extremely weak chuckle. “Heh, I c-can… go all
day…” he panted out. Despite his boast, he could barely stand properly. It took all he had to
even keep upright like this, let alone even move.
The Spartan king blinked in surprise, then laughed loudly. Leaning down, he took a fallen
spear and handed it over to the Master. “You won’t fight well without proper arms,” he noted
with a grin. Ren again blinked in surprise, then took the spear and used it to prop himself up
– again, barely. Leonidas nodded in satisfaction before walking off to where he came from.
The Phantom Thief only watched in surprise as the man kept walking until he reached the
cliff edge. He looked down pensively, then shook his head. “It would seem you’re the victor
this day, Joker!” he declared.
That caused Ren to look up in surprise as the king turned back around. “Your forces have
pushed my own much further than is acceptable,” he explained as he walked back towards
him. “My flanking maneuver was thwarted by you. Even if I go down by myself now, there

would be little point. You would’ve bought them enough time to simply rally and turn right
around to fight me off. Whether you are killed here or not is irrelevant at this point.”
Leonidas smiled broadly. “You may be no Spartan, but you are without doubt one of the
finest warriors I’ve met,” he finished. “Take heart – this is your victory indeed.”
Ren blinked again, then chuckled weakly. “Thanks for being so agreeable,” he muttered out,
nearly tipping over on his spear. “So… what now…? Are you going to retreat and regroup?”
The king shook his head. “I have no desire to,” he admitted bluntly. “No – my only wish
today was to see if the Roman Empire was worthy of standing up to us. Indeed, it is, but I
wished to test my strength personally. After all, if you cannot best me, then how can you best
those that stand behind me?”
The Master’s mouth fell slightly open. “Wait,” he grunted out. “You’re not calling the shots
here?”
Leonidas shook his head. “Not I,” he confirmed. “My cohort, Julius Caesar, is not the one in
command either, and neither is Romulus. No, the one who summoned and commands us is a
strange magician in a green suit. Looked like a vicious fool overall, but he’s undoubtedly our
Master.”
The Phantom Thief’s jaw dropped open. “Lev?” he growled out in sheer disbelief and
exasperation. “Lev of all people is the one behind all of this? Why am I both extremely
surprised and unsurprised at the same time?” Then Ren stopped as he processed Leonidas’s
words more. “Wait,” he continued. “You mentioned one more name – Romulus?”
The Spartan king nodded. “Indeed,” he confirmed. “The progenitor of Rome himself stands
against you. This information was meant to be kept secret at all costs, but for your valor, you
deserved to know. I’m unsure if you’re aware, but we do not wish to be victors in this war.
After all, our purpose is to defend humanity, not annihilate it. We only go with our Master’s
plans because we must, but no more.”
Ren could only stare at Leonidas, then chuckled weakly once more. “Lev really isn’t good at
this, is he?” he noted with a smirk.
Leonidas laughed with him in turn. “Indeed not,” he agreed heartily. “Now then, Joker, let us
head to your camp. I still wish for a worthy fight and I will not find it here, not with you
utterly exhausted. You still say you’re our host, correct? Then you must invite me to your
home.”
Shaking his head, Ren only breathed out another chuckle. Right – Greeks were sticklers
about hospitality, though at least Leonidas was being nice about it. “Right this way, your
majesty,” he mumbled as he began limping along, using the spear as a walking stick.
Leonidas easily stayed beside him, seemingly enjoying the walk despite the slow pace.
Despite the wounds, his pain, and the exhaustion, Ren felt a bit lighter than he had in a while.
Then up ahead, he saw a contingent force of Roman soldiers appearing over the cliff face,
spearheaded by a desperate emperor Nero, Mash, and Ritsu – who all stopped as they

witnessed Ren shambling towards them on a spear while Leonidas walked casually beside
him. The Phantom Thief gave a tired little smile and waved. Nero could only deflate, Mash
sighed in relief, and Ritsu buried her face in her hand as the Spartan king laughed loudly. Ren
in turn could only chuckle.
He had won.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/64YvhA3U

Chapter 59: Reflection
Chapter Summary

The battle is over, but only more storm clouds lurk.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Roman Empire had won. All that were left of the soldiers were just scattered packs,
unable to even organize and could only march straight ahead. The officers had either all died
or ran off, leaving them easy pickings. It was a simple matter for even the formerly vastly
outnumbered Roman soldiers to simply move in and clean up. Thus, the enemy forces were
eradicated with minimal casualties.
After that came stripping them for supplies. They had great amounts of weaponry, shields,
and armor. Even the ruined gear could be melted down and reused. They only had scant
amounts of food and medicine, which was to be expected. These things didn’t seem to need
sustenance and healing them wasn’t a large concern.
And as for the one who made sure this victory didn’t get blindsided by Leonidas…
Ren sat on the cot in his tent. His head had been bandaged up to prevent more blood from
getting into his eyes and help the thankfully shallow wound heal. He was shirtless, with
poultices applied by the Roman medics on his wounds. They still stung but they weren’t what
was bothering him. What hurt more than anything were his overworked circuits, like a
throbbing in his very bones, and his strained muscles from running everywhere like a
madman.
Standing in front of him with crossed arms was Ritsuka Fujimaru, her normally sunny
expression stormy. Joan was standing nearby, looking more irritated than she usually was.
Mash was also there, looking like a cross between exasperated and disappointed. The
communicator was active, showing Roman who was frowning in consternation and, of
course, Morgana, whose large eyes looked about ready to pop out of his skull.
The Phantom Thief rubbed the back of his neck. “Would it make it better if I told you guys I
had a plan?” he offered with a rueful grin.
Ritsu scowled. “And what plan, oh dear hero of mine,” she growled. “Involved going up
against over two hundred soldiers AND a Servant by yourself!?”
“ And you’re not even in the Metaverse, Joker! ” Morgana added. “ You were doing it as a
regular person! Do you have any idea how dangerous that was?! You could’ve gotten

seriously hurt or-or died from exhaustion from using all the personas! Couldn’t you have just
waited?!?”
Ren chuckled sheepishly as he rubbed the back of his neck. “Well, I mean,” he stammered as
he tried to craft his excuses. “I knew Leonidas wasn’t just gonna push right past me. If it was
an entire force, he’d just do his usual thing. I thought by just me being there, he’d stop long
enough for me to talk to him. It would buy us a bit more time so you guys could finish up-“
“If that’s all you did then we wouldn’t be having this conversation in the first place,” Joan
growled, glaring down at Ren. The intensity of her glare actually made Ren shrink back a bit.
He knew she still hadn’t forgiven him for all he had done earlier, which honestly surprised
him that she was still concerned for his welfare. “Instead, you charged in like some sort of
bull and fought a full battalion of soldiers – and nearly killed yourself from the effort of
doing so. It was insanely reckless of you, especially when you’re supposed to be the lynchpin
of all our forces here.”
The Phantom Thief gulped. “I mean, that’s probably a small exaggeration,” he meekly
defended himself. “I wasn’t nearly killed. I barely even got hurt. Just really tired and-“
“ No, you were in near-critical condition, Ren, ” Roman responded flatly. “ I’ve been
monitoring your readings the whole time you were fighting. If you bothered turning your
communicator on I’d be screaming at you to get out of there the whole time but no. You just
kept fighting.”
“Speaking of which,” Ritsu added, turning a gentler gaze to the doctor. “No luck on finding a
leyline for summoning or anything?”
The doctor sighed. “ No ,” he admitted. “ Any decent leylines are a good distance away from
you guys. I don’t think we can hack the power supplies to send in another Servant either, even
ones who wouldn’t take up a lot of energy like Marie. Sorry about that, Ritsu. ”
Ritsu just shrugged. “Eh, it’s about what I expected, or you or Da Vinci would’ve already
done it anyway,” she easily accepted. “Thanks anyway, for trying though.” Then she turned
back to glaring at Ren, who winced at the renewed attention. “And you couldn’t have waited
just five minutes for Roman to check on something like this?” she snapped. “Or at least one
of the Servants to free up?”
Ren sighed in exasperation. “I didn’t know if we could wait that long,” he shot back. While
he’ll fully agree he had been reckless, he wasn’t about to take all of this lying down. “They
were moving quickly, and with Leonidas at the head, they could’ve been on us at any time. If
they DID reach us or even had gotten close to us, it would’ve been a problem on our side. I
moved in to make sure they didn’t get any closer. Yeah, it became a fight in the end, but it
was kind of inevitable.”
The redhead spluttered as she tried to come up with a counterargument before finally letting
off a groan of sheer frustration, grabbing her hair. Mash sighed as she walked up, kneeling to
inspect Ren’s body. “How are you feeling, Ren-senpai?” she asked gently as she checked on
his wound dressings.

He blinked at the shielder’s question, then chuckled quietly. “They don’t hurt all that much,
to be honest,” he replied. “It’s more just the strain overall from using my circuits and muscles
so much. I’ll definitely be out of commission for a bit so I won’t be running off anytime
soon.”
Mash nodded, relieved. “That’s good to hear,” she murmured. She looked up into Ren’s eyes.
“Why did you not want me with you, senpai?” she asked, almost plaintively. “It is my duty to
protect you, yet you told me to stay behind. Did you believe I was a burden to you?”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise before furiously shaking his head. “No, definitely
not,” he adamantly responded. “I have my personas to fight with, but Ritsu doesn’t have
them. And honestly, in a pitched battle like what it just was, she needed the protection far
more.” He reached over to gently grasp Mash’s shoulder. “I trust, and still do,” he murmured,
smiling in reassurance.
The shielder blinked in surprise, then she reached up to gently grab Ren’s hand. “Then… I
have a request, Ren-senpai,” she murmured. She looked back up at him, her eyes steely in
determination. “When you fight Leonidas, please allow me to stand by you!”
Ren’s mouth dropped slightly in surprise. Honestly, he had been about to ask Joan or perhaps
borrow Lu Bu for the fight, given how skilled and powerful the Spartan king was. However,
seeing the blazing determination in Mash’s eyes, his protests died within his throat. He had
seen that determination before in each and every one of his friends as they awakened their
personas, and as they stood by him when they faced down Shido, Yaldabaoth, or Maruki.
It wasn’t in his plans, but he couldn’t say no to her. Not with that level of determination.
“Heh, alright,” he agreed. “It’ll just be like that time with Caster Cu. Wow, that feels like
forever ago, doesn’t it?”
The lilac-haired girl blinked and thought about it. “It was approximately a month or so ago,”
she supplied. “Much has happened since then, with the Orleans singularity and all the
different Servants. I think… I think I’ve grown stronger from it all, senpai. But I’m not sure.”
The Phantom Thief smirked. “Well, then, it’ll be the perfect test for us, won’t it?” he pointed
out. “I’ll be counting on you, Mash.” The shielder smiled brightly and nodded once more.
Then he suddenly remembered and turned back to the others. “Er, s-sorry about that,” he
apologized sheepishly. “But uh… all’s well that ends well, I guess?”
Ritsu massaged the bridge of her nose. “I swear if you weren’t in such a crappy state I’d
suplex you right now,” she growled.
Ren blinked. “You’d what now?” he asked incredulously.
The girl shot an irritated look at Ren. “You heard me,” she replied flatly. “I’ll let the emperor
know that you’re gonna be fine after some rest.” She marched forward and pointed, her finger
almost touching the very tip of his nose. “And you ARE going to rest,” she added. “Or I’ll
suplex you anyway. Capiche?”

He nodded fervently. “Capiche,” he agreed.
With a nod of satisfaction, Ritsu stomped out of the tent. Roman just sighed. “ What she said
,” he added tiredly. “ And when you come back, we really need to talk to you about not
scaring everyone to death. ”
“ We all know that’s not gonna do anything, doctor,” Morgana commented despondently.
Ren raised his free hand up in surrender. “I promise I’ll do everything I can to not do
anything stupid or reckless,” he swore. “And if I have to, I’ll run it by you guys first before
dashing off. Will that work?”
“ Which means if you think it’s necessary, you’ll do it anyway no matter what we say, right? ”
Morgana asked accusingly.
“Um…“
“ Let’s not talk about this anymore,” Roman interjected, exhausted. “ Ren, you’re forbidden
from leaving the tent unless it’s an emergency. I’ll leave it to Mash to decide if it counts as an
emergency. Get some rest however you can.”
“Roger that,” Ren agreed. Honestly, the restriction wasn’t necessary – he was too tired and
sore to set foot outside anyway. As for Leonidas, he had refused to come in as it was
technically still an enemy encampment, so Nero took it upon herself to erect a tent outside so
they might dine and converse properly, ruler to ruler. No doubt she was also taking the time
to glean what information she could about the United Roman Empire. Though judging by her
expression when she had shown up, Ren knew he was going to get an earful from her as well.
Speaking of which, he noticed Joan was still standing there. “Er, I’m guessing you got more
you wanna shout at me?” he asked ruefully. Mash blinked in surprise and moved slightly
closer to Ren, keeping in front of him a bit just in case as she looked over at the Lancer
curiously.
Joan glared at him, frowning. “I don’t understand you,” she growled. “First you decide to
screw with my head when killing me would be easier, then you take on an entire battalion and
a Servant by yourself, and God only knows what else you’ve done at this point. If I didn’t
know better, I swear you’re trying to find the stupidest ways to commit suicide.”
Her eyes narrowed. “Even if you explained a thousand times over, I’m not sure I could
understand,” she said. “For now, like everyone said, you’re the key to making sure we
actually succeed on this entire mission. Just don’t do anything else for now – or at least don’t
screw with anyone else. Just me is already more than enough here.” With that, she stalked
off, leaving just Ren and Mash in the tent.
The shielder looked back at Ren with wide eyes. “What was that about, senpai?” she asked
with trepidation.
Ren ran a hand through his hair with a sigh. “Joan’s mad at me for the whole change of heart
deal,” he explained. “Can’t say I blame her – even with my friends we were wondering if it’s

the right thing to do. What it does though is that it gets rid of distortions in one’s cognitions –
it’s more of a fresh start than anything. What we did in her Palace got rid of… whatever
Gilles de Rais did and made her her own person.”
He smiled remorsefully. “I didn’t do a great job of explaining myself, though,” he admitted.
“And now she thinks I screwed with her head which, technically, isn’t wrong. I doubt she’d
listen to me right now, so I decided to let her cool off a bit before I try again.”
Mash blinked in surprise. “Would you like me to speak with her, senpai?” she asked eagerly.
“I can try to convince her to give you a second chance to explain. She’ll definitely
understand!”
The Phantom Thief laughed. “I think everyone’s annoyed by the stunt I just pulled right
now,” he pointed out. “Probably better to wait for everyone else to calm down first. Thanks
though, Mash.” Then he had an idea. “Since I’m stuck here, did you want to see more
pictures of my home?”
The girl blinked in surprise, then nodded eagerly. “Yes, please, senpai!” she said. She quickly
sat beside Ren on the cot and the both of them browsed pictures of Ren’s time in Tokyo.
The moon shone impassively over the resting Roman army.
---------Loki was many things – a trickster god, evil, mischievous, a troublemaker, a problem-solver.
They delighted in causing chaos and confusion, either to move things forward or to entertain
themselves. Since the day he had broken out of his shackles and brought about the end of a
world, he had seized hold of his destiny and life, intent to live it however the hell he wanted,
consequences be damned and attachments even more so.
And yet, being confused themselves? That was a new one entirely.
The Avenger sat on a ledge above the pass, glowering at the tent set up some distance away
from the main encampment. The rain had long since stopped at least, though the rock was
still soaked. Within were Nero and her officers talking and feasting (or whatever their food
supplies allowed anyway) with Leonidas. They had considered interfering with the meeting
with their usual aplomb and cause some mayhem, but they found themselves reluctant to.
Even more so when they saw Leonidas. This was the king who Ren had faced down and by
all rights should have killed him… yet he didn’t. Instead, he let the Phantom Thief be, agreed
to an honorable match, and was now happily supplying them with information about their
enemy.
They were worried when Ren had raced off by himself to confront the king and his army.
They were relieved when he was safe and sound. They were grateful that Leonidas was
honorable enough to spare Ren so that he might recover. But why? Why were they this
concerned?

Loki’s hands clenched. They knew the types – reckless idiots weren’t exactly new to them.
After all, Thor had been much the same way and they gleefully laughed whenever he was in
over his head or did something stupid. Their Master had been more of a heroic sort than the
punch-drunk idiot that hammer-head was, but what he did was still well within his
expectations. So why was he surprised? Why had he been so worried? This made no sense.
“I trust you aren’t about to cause any trouble, Avenger?”
Loki didn’t even bother glancing behind them as they waved off the accusation. “Am I not
allowed to sit around in peace without being accused of some malicious plot or plan?” they
grumbled.
Tamamo raised an eyebrow, an ear twitching in annoyance. “And can you fault me for my
caution?” she asked rhetorically. “You are a trickster god, are you not? You may fight
alongside us, but you yourself have stated that you do so because it is entertaining to you –
no more and certainly no less.”
“Point,” Loki acquiesced easily. They weren’t in the mood to argue or joke about the matter.
If anything, their mood was quite sour for some unknown reason. Besides, she wasn’t exactly
wrong either. “Now are we done here, Caster?”
The miko frowned at the dismissal, but her normally fiery temper was mitigated by curiosity.
“You showed a surprising degree of concern for our Master during his excursion,” she
pointed out. “Which is surprising – I had thought you’d have found the situation amusing and
would want to witness it for yourself.”
Loki sighed in frustration. “Short-term entertainment may be amusing and all,” they
grumbled. “But not at the risk of long-term amusement! Frankly, our Masters have so much
potential for entertainment overall. It’d be like an epic cut short because some hack of a
writer decided to kill off the protagonist early for the shock value! Of course I would be
frustrated!”
Another twitch of her ears as the Caster’s frown deepened slightly. “Is that all?” she probed.
The Avenger final turned, their auburn eyes narrowing at her. “What the hell do you mean by
that?” they growled.
“If it was merely entertainment you sought, there are myriad of other ways to seek it,”
Tamamo pointed out. “Even if our Master suffered a most untimely end, I do not believe one
of your caliber would be that overly concerned about him. At least, not to such a degree.” She
tilted her head slightly as she observed the Avenger stiffen a bit at her analysis. “Or am I
perhaps mistaken?”
The trickster god scowled. “Oh, look who’s so omniscient that she thinks she can just dissect
me like a frog on a table,” they mockingly snarled. “My business is my goddamn own and
not for nosy foxes like you. If you have all this time to take me apart like this, why don’t you
do something productive like set up some ways to channel more prana into Ren and help him
with recovery, or do some scouting? Otherwise, you can just piss off.”

With that, Loki stood up and stalked off, vanishing right before they reached the end of the
ledge once more, leaving a nonplussed Tamamo. She had certainly never seen Loki lose their
temper to such a degree before. And something about their diction felt… off to her. She
wasn’t precisely sure what, though. In the meantime, she took up watch over the camp and
the little tent right outside to make sure nothing was happening. With a wave of her hand,
several talismans shot out and took their places as sentries.
Her tail swished as she considered the day’s events. Their Master had charged in like a
madman against enemy forces that by all accounts he should’ve had no chance against, as
prodigious as his powers were. While she had a few choice words for him, the others had
greater precedence. She could wait until her own anger simmered down a bit. And besides,
though reckless, it was still a noble thing he did overall, and it secured them a very unlikely
victory.
Taking the Avenger’s suggestion, she sent one more talisman to Ren’s tent to help draw more
mana to the area and allow him to recover faster. A Master who can use magecraft that
summons divine beings, monsters, and Servants. A demi-Servant housing an unknown heroic
spirit. A trickster god pseudo-Servant that nobody could make heads or tails of. And far more
besides. It was more certainly a rather motley crew she was working with. All she could do
was help see things through.
Then she sneezed, irritated at the cold wetness of her poor, normally luxuriously furry tail. A
cup of hot tea certainly wouldn’t go amiss though.
---------Ren had expected a trip to the Velvet Room trip that night when he went to bed. He knew
quite well that Olga and Lavenza would have words for his recklessness today. The former
would also have been expecting a report about the personas she tuned so she could take notes
and improve them as necessary. She definitely was the studious type. She and Makoto
would’ve probably ended up best friends.
So it was a surprise when instead, he was back in the Thieves’ Den. There hadn’t been any
new changes to the place – so far as he could see, the only change had been the walls
changing to Chaldea’s design. Otherwise, the place was the same as always, with gentle
music playing and the serene, soothing atmosphere. That being said, out of the corner of his
eye, he noticed one of the exhibits glitching a bit.
Curious, he walked around to the steps and approached the exhibit. It was a proud display of
Morgana as a bus. He regularly changed the exhibits here as he wished and enjoyed listening
to his cognitions chat about them overall. However, this was certainly new. As he stepped
closer, the exhibit blurred and shifted, and it became now a still of Mash mid-charge,
wielding her enormous shield with a war cry on her lips.
He blinked. That was surprising. He honestly thought he’d see her in the Den as a cognition
first rather than an exhibit, but he was happy to see her here nevertheless. With as much
eagerness and respect she showed, he hoped he was doing right by her.
‘ She treadeth on her path, contractor. As it should be. ’

Ren glanced over to see a towering figure floating beside him. Grey-skinned with three pairs
of demonic wings, loosely wrapped in a white fabric. His blond hair was framed by two
jutting from his forehead as his powerful red eyes impassively observed the exhibit. An aura
of dark strength emanated from the being, yet it was one Ren was familiar enough with all
things considered.
Enough that the Wild Card merely shrugged as he looked back at the exhibit. “I didn’t expect
you to take an interest in her, Lucifer,” he commented casually. “I’m guessing there’s
something special about her?”
The persona’s stern face was unchanging and unmoving as he spoke. ‘ She hath stood at the
beginning of a new path, ’ he explained. ‘And she walketh forward. She is not bound by
anything save what she chooses to be bound to and thus exercises her freedom as she wishes.
Her path intrigues me, and thou shall be her shepherd.’
Ren frowned slightly. “I gathered you’re a big proponent of freedom,” he noted. “But I’m not
shepherding towards anything. She’s doing what she believes is right, no more or less than
that. Honestly, she’s pretty awesome because of it. She’s already come a long way.”
Lucifer turned more towards Ren. Though his face still didn’t move, a hint of amusement
crept into his voice. ‘ As I have stated, contractor, ’ he pointed out.
The Phantom Thief sighed in exasperation. “Yeah, yeah,” he replied, waving off the Morning
Star’s amusement. “Anyway, while you’re here, you want a cup of coffee?”
The fallen angel was quiet for a moment. ‘ Dost thou still have those red bean buns? ’ he
inquired.
Ren chuckled as he already started stepping down towards the LeBlanc exhibit. “Honestly,”
he commented. “No matter how many times I see it, I still can’t get over the fact you have
that big a sweet tooth. I wonder if that’s Hifumi’s influence.”
‘ The Star may have been an influence, ’ Lucifer admitted as he floated after him. ‘ But if I
am the originator of sin, then I see no reason not to indulge in a touch of gluttony in turn. ’
“I’m not sure if Beelzebub would be happy to hear that,” Ren noted with a grin as he stepped
behind the counter.
‘ Thou believeth he ever is? ’ Lucifer asked skeptically. Both of them paused for a moment,
then broke out laughing.
A few moments later, the both of them had a cup of coffee set out in front of them while the
fallen angel happily snacked on a red bean bun. It was honestly a sight to see but Ren had
gotten used to it – this was hardly the first time the Morning Star asked for sweets while he
was here. He simply sipped at his coffee, enjoying the mellow, earthy tones in turn. “So,
seems like you’re not exactly popular with Servants,” Ren commented as he took another sip.
Lucifer popped the bun into his mouth before answering. ‘ It is to be expected, ’ he replied. ‘
To many, I indeed bring nothing but torment and evil, as mistaken as they may be.’

Ren blinked. “Mistaken?” he echoed.
‘ Verily ,’ the Morning Star said. ‘ Many would believeth that order is the way things must be
and sacrifice much for it. To disrupt that, to be bound by such constructs is to be proper and
safe. There is no other way of living, for to disrupt it would cause great discomfort at
minimum, perhaps a disaster at worst. Thou art familiar with this, art thou not?’
The Phantom Thief said nothing as he took another sip of the coffee. Even now, he could still
feel the pain of being stomped on the head in the interrogation room as he could barely even
think.
With a small nod, the persona continued. ‘ Thus, I simply offer alternative solutions for their
problems,’ he said. ‘ Thou might consider them unusual, perhaps even cruel or evil. But they
are merely solutions. Whether or not they are chosen lies at the feet of those who choose.’
Ren glanced up at the fallen angel. “Spoken like a true devil,” he commented wryly.
Lucifer chuckled as he finished off another bun. ‘ Thou may thinketh as thou wishes, ’ he
replied.
There was a small moment as they both sipped their coffees in silence. ‘ Thou art limiting thy
self, ’ Lucifer commented.
That caught Ren’s attention as he blinked and looked up. “Sorry?” he asked in confusion.
The fallen angel didn’t look over at Ren. ‘ Thou art surrounded by beings vastly greater in
stature than thine own, ’ he explained. ‘ With their powers, they can reach and grasp for
freedoms and choices far beyond most mortal ken. Even if they choose to be bound to their
obligations, that is their choice – no more, no less .’
Ren frowned. “What, you mean Servants like Artoria and Marie?” he asked for clarification.
“I understand what you’re saying but that’s kinda dangerous overall.”
‘ No amount of power is not without risks, contractor, ’ Lucifer admonished. ‘ But the power
to seize hold of the future is the greatest one of all. Two of whom thou should knoweth of –
Elizabeth Bathory and the incarnated Servant, Joan .’
That left Ren blinking. “Those two?”
Lucifer nodded. ‘ The power gained from pushing forward from the past is a heavy burden,
but a worthy one, ’ he said. ’ The Star learned and knew of this, and through her, I was
awakened to you. Yet thou dost not leverage this ability from others. No – thou hath grown
weakened. ’
The shocked Phantom Thief watched as the persona drew himself up. ‘ Shed thy bounds,
contractor, ’ he rumbled. ‘ Else thou shalt continue to grow weaker – and ruin shall come for
thou at last. ’
With that, the persona vanished, darkness fell, and Ren knew no more.

----------The day started off far better than before. The sun was peeking through the thinning clouds
above, shining into the mountain pass. The entire area was still soaked with rain, the
transparent fluid of the false soldiers, and the blood of the few casualties that had suffered
from the battle. Nero’s soldiers were currently in the midst of disassembling the camp while
trying to organize their supplies and spoils – the former to go with and the vast amount of the
latter to be sent back to Mediolanum for processing.
Nero looked over the reports. The force that had been organized to relieve Ren had stayed
behind to see if there was anything particular they could gain, but it supplies, gear, or further
information – and in all regards, it had proven surprisingly fruitless. They had carried no
supplies as it would’ve been a simple trip to take the side pass and ambush them from behind.
The gear had been rendered surprisingly useless – either melted into slag or frozen and
shattered to pieces. Compared to the main army, there was surprisingly little they could
forage. As for information…
Well, dead men couldn’t exactly talk – either from Ren’s skills or Leonidas’s dismissal of
them, either figurative or very literal.
However, now there was a far more complicated matter: Their opposition. Leonidas had been
very forthcoming with any and all information when they spoke the other night over their
paltry feast. The one behind everything was a particular foreign magician named Lev. It
didn’t sound like anyone she was familiar with. She would need to speak to the Chaldeans
and see if they knew anything about such a figure. It was good to at least have a name to
whoever was conducting this farce.
But speaking of farce…
When Leonidas dropped the statement that one of their enemies was the very progenitor of
Rome himself – Romulus – she had been inches away from immediately executing him
herself for speaking such heresy. However, the Spartan king had been forthright and honest
with them and would have had no reason to lie. And given that the Spartan king himself as
well as her predecessor Julius Caesar were also here…
Denial and anger had given way to cold, empty realization. She had ordered immediately that
every single officer, from legate on down, to not even breathe a word about what had been
discussed in the tent that night. However, even with that done, she could already sense the
discontentment and unease that rippled through them. She had no doubt they had their own
weighty opinions on the matter.
And frankly, how could she blame them? It was one thing to stand up to Leonidas or Julius
Caesar, but the holy progenitor of Rome and the Empire itself? Despite standing strong in her
office through this storm, even she was having her doubts now. The Chaldeans had
emphasized that her Empire was the correct one in proper human history, which she had used
to bolster her wavering resolve, but now…
Her head throbbed as she sat down at the table, holding her temples. A literal headache to a
figurative one. There would be no doubt this information would leak sooner or later. She had

to at the very least figure out some way to rally and bolster her troops so they wouldn’t desert
en masse – or worse, rebel against her. The Empire would not survive either if they came to
pass – and frankly, neither would she, as divided as she was.
She sighed as she took another bite of cheese before sipping the watered-down wine, hoping
to quell her headache even slightly. What could she do? What should she do?
“Imperator.”
Nero glanced up to see a soldier at the front of the tent, saluting. “King Leonidas has taken to
the field,” he reported. “The Chaldeans will be there shortly to engage him.”
The emperor nodded. “Thank you,” she acknowledged. “I will be there momentarily.” The
soldier saluted once more and left. With a heavy sigh, she stood up, then held her head up
high before striding out of the tent. Leonidas, Caesar, and Romulus may stand against her
here.
But in the end, she was the emperor.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/wZ5GKfcF

Chapter 60: Duel
Chapter Summary

Leonidas stands tall and strong. Defeating him will be a tall order.

Chapter Notes

Quick reminder that TATGO has a TV Tropes page. Please contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Very little passed the experienced gaze of Leonidas as he stood a distance behind the camp.
He had forgone his helmet for now, allowing everyone a good view of his stern features and
short-cropped red hair barely moving in the wind. By reflex, he had immediately pinpointed a
plan of attack for the camp. Much like he had expected, the fortified encampment had
absolutely no defenses from behind, not even a palisade. His forces would’ve had a far, far
easier time attacking from behind than from the front.
Quite frankly, he would’ve criticized such sloppiness, but given the sparse amount of
resources and manpower at their disposal, to be able to front such a considerable defense in
the first place was impressive in of itself. That was to be commended.
He glanced over to the Roman soldiers dismantling the tent where he had resided last night.
The emperor and her officers plumbed him for information – not as a war prisoner,
surprisingly, but as a guest at the emperor’s insistence. The fare had been meager – some
porridge with cheese and grapes, as well as watered-down wine – but given what Nero was
like, he knew she would’ve thrown something far more extravagant if she could.
And speaking of the emperor… she wasn’t what he expected in the slightest. The Throne of
Heroes had informed him that Nero was a ruler who lived in decadence and hedonism,
having all her needs and wants provided for her and indulging in every whim. She was
astoundingly intelligent and astute, but otherwise her rule was just one of many. Eventually
decried as a tyrant, she ended her life by suicide. She wasn’t a warrior and barely a ruler –
she had been merely a grandiose child from beginning to end.
Or so he thought.

During the dinner and talks last night, she had been listening intently to any and all
information he had been giving. He could see her thoughts moving behind her eyes despite
her forward demeanor, trying to detect any sign of falsehood or figuring out how best to
utilize the information. It had been the same with her officers, who had been similarly
considering their position in the war. It was a delightful surprise to witness.
The real test had been when he revealed that the holy progenitor of Rome, Romulus, stood
against them. Her blade had been aimed at his throat before he even had time to blink. The
visage of fury on the emperor’s face was something to behold, as well as the shock on her
officers’ countenance. He wondered if they would break, but instead Nero simply issued
orders to not even breathe a word of this outside of the tent before departing for the evening.
He expected her rage and perhaps even violence (though she couldn’t have really done
anything against him as a Servant), but looking at her now, she simply seemed grimmer and
trying to put on a brave face. It seemed the war had tempered her into something else, though
she still had a long way to go. Then again, he couldn’t really say anything – he doubted his
reaction would’ve been any better had he been facing a similar situation.
Observing the other officers, they were just as shocked and immediately began muttering
among themselves what it meant. He wondered how the emperor was to keep their loyalty or,
if she did, how she could keep their morale up. After all, he had seen many armies break
under far less stressors than what the Roman Empire was going through. If they couldn’t
resolve the issue now, then they would be extinguished like a campfire before the rising tide.
After they had left for the evening, lacking any books to read, Leonidas had engaged in his
other time-honored hobby: Taking out a small kit, he began polishing his armor with a cloth
and oil, getting any mud off while checking for dents and scratches. He also made sure all the
buckles and fastenings are tight and secure, pulling on a few knots to ascertain their tightness
or looseness, and cleaned out his helmet. Taking out a whetstone, he worked to true up the tip
of his spear and the edges of his shield, making sure they were sharp yet durable.
Overall, the entire practice was pointless – as a Servant, his armor never lost its luster, nor his
weapons their sharpness. Nor would it be much of an improvement no matter how much he
worked on them. However, well-maintained gear often meant the difference between victory
and death and thus, even if it was useless, there was no reason not to take some extra
precautions with his equipment. It was also calming and prepared him mentally. He didn’t
wish to put forth anything besides his best on the battlefield, after all.
Thus he stood, his bronze cuirass gleaming despite the lackluster light, his spear and shield in
hand, ready for combat. It had already been discussed that he would face whoever they
decided to bring out against him, and he would match them. They could even bring their
entire army to bear if they so wished, and they would be faced with the wrath of the three
hundred Spartans who stood alongside him against the horde of Persians. His only condition
was that Joker would be among them – a request that was granted by the young man
personally (much to the consternation of his comrades).
Then he noticed an entourage approaching: the emperor Nero with her officers, looking
pensive or grim, the various Servants, and a good number of soldiers. However, he could
only sense fighting spirit from the two who marched in front: The young man Joker, of

course, and his cohort - A girl close to his age, with lilac-colored hair and protective yet
surprisingly exposed armor. Most likely for better mobility. The most interesting thing was
her weaponry: A large, round, cross-shaped shield and nothing else.
His curiosity was aroused once more. How interesting.
“Good morning, Joker!” he called out, grinning. “How do you fare from yesterday’s battle?”
Ren grinned back, albeit painfully. “Still sore!” he replied. “Those soldiers really put me
through the wringer so I’m not at a hundred percent – I’ll be taking a bit of a backseat role
here!”
The Spartan king nodded. “A warrior should be ready to fight at any time, but your
exhaustion is understandable,” he replied. “Who shall face me? It doesn’t seem you intend to
utilize everything you have or should to fight me.”
The Phantom Thief glanced at Mash and gave her a small nod and a reassuring smile. The
shielder took a deep breath and stepped forward. “I am Mash Kyrielight!” she declared.
“Demi-Servant of Chaldea! Class designation: Shielder! King Leonidas, I challenge you!”
Leonidas blinked in surprise. He had expected a seasoned warrior to be facing him – he had
seen Lu Bu among their ranks, at the very least, and though a few of them he drew blanks on,
he knew they would be worthy opponents. However, the girl that stood in front of him –
Mash Kyrielight – was green. Everything, from how she held herself to her words, spoke of
inexperience. This was who they sent to fight against him? If he himself were any less
experienced, this would’ve felt like an insult.
However, the determination in the shielder’s gaze couldn’t be mistaken. Inexperienced she
may be, but she wasn’t a coward. Nor, his instincts told him, a fool. She stepped forward with
a will for victory. That earned his respect at the very least. However, he could see Joker
behind Mash. His gaze met his, steely and confident. It was just like the other day. He did
admonish the young man that he should be ready to fight at any time, but the warning was
unnecessary.
He could barely hide his grin as his helmet appeared on his head. Truly interesting indeed.
“I admire your heart, Mash Kyrielight,” Leonidas replied. “But do you have the mettle? If
you do not fight at your absolute best, you and Joker will die here today. Are you resolute for
this battle?”
Mash blinked, then frowned. “I’m more than prepared to fight, your majesty,” she replied, an
edge to her tone. “However, I must ask that you refrain from implying harm to my senpai. I
will protect him, no matter what!” Ren grinned happily in response behind her while among
the audience, Ritsu swooned, much to the amusement of Tamamo who caught her.
Leonidas, on the other hand, grinned. “Well spoken!” he roared as he lifted his shield and
spear. “In that case, face me, Mash Kyrielight!”

Ren grinned before switching to another persona. Once more tearing off the mask he cried
out the persona’s name.
“Attis!”
A blue man wrapped head to toe in bandages appeared in a flash of blue flame. In his hand
was a dagger as his surprisingly calm, serene eyes rested on Leonidas. With a wave of the
dagger, red, purple, and green lights appeared, orbiting around Ren and Mash for a second
before vanishing. Mash blinked in surprise. She felt… lighter, stronger, more solid. Even her
armor felt more resilient. She glanced back at Ren who simply grinned back.
The Spartan king witnessed the light show and shook his head with a grin. Unlike with the
Fates or Cerberus, the being wasn’t immediately recognizable, though he felt oddly familiar.
“You never run out of tricks to amaze your audience, do you, Joker?” he called over. “What
particular feat is this now?”
The Phantom Thief returned the grin. Although this particular ability was not as draining as it
could be thanks to some tweaks he made to Attis some time ago in his original adventures, in
his condition he had to resist the urge to sit right down from exhaustion. “This one’s a
favorite of mine,” he replied. “It basically enhances the abilities of whoever it targets.”
His grin widened. “The name of it is Thermopylae,” he finished.
Everyone looked in shock at Ren before looking back at Leonidas, who seemed to have
frozen at the name. The king made no reaction at first. Then he slowly started chuckling,
gradually rising into a full-bellied laughter full of mirth and amusement. One that Ren
couldn’t help but grin at, so infectious was the sheer joy from Leonidas.
“I must thank you, Joker,” he finally declared as his laughs diminished. “I had believed this
summoning to be truly boring, with weak enemies and unworthy allies.” Nero snorted at that.
“But in the course of these two days, you have proven that my time here has been well
rewarded. For the challenge, and for the amusement, I truly do thank you.”
Then he raised his shield. “Now, enough words!” he roared. “Show me your mettle and
power! COME!”
“Let’s do this, Mash!” Ren shouted.
“Of course, senpai!” the shielder cried out. “Mash Kyrielight, engaging!”
With that, she charged, much faster than she had ever been, and her shield crashed against
Leonidas’s own, creating a shock wave that blasted away the puddles underneath. Through it
all, the Spartan king was grinning, matching Mash’s elation. This was their fight. And they
would take full advantage of it.
Leonidas then pushed Mash’s shield aside before thrusting with his spear at her now-exposed
body. The shielder in turn twisted away to place herself behind her own shield once more and
shoved hard, driving him back. With a tilt of his own shield, the Spartan king slid away,
causing Mash to shoot past him thanks to her momentum, her side now wide open –

That was, until a lightning bolt flashed down, forcing him to jump back before he could take
advantage of the opening. Glancing over, he saw Joker standing there with one of the Fates
once more. Well, that was to be expected. He was fighting the two of them after all, not just
the girl in front of him. The girl may be green, but Joker would prove to be invaluable in
turning the tide if he was left unchecked. So the strategy was simple:
Deal with Joker first.
His thoughts were interrupted as Mash once more began charging with her shield raised. The
Spartan king frowned before raising his own shield – and suddenly punching out with the
edge of it. Catching the shielder by surprise, she barely raised her own in time as the sharp
edge collided hard, sending her flying back thanks to poor footing. “If you must charge in,
vary your tactics!” he barked. “Using only one method will render you predictable and thus,
easy to read and counter!”
So saying, he flipped his spear in an alternate grip and instead threw it – right at Ren. Mash’s
eyes widened as she witnessed the flight of the spear but was too slow to block or deflect it.
“Senpai!” she screamed as she could only watch helplessly as it darted forward towards her
Master…
Only for the Phantom Thief to twist to the side, narrowly dodging the spear as it thudded into
the ground past him. Despite the very narrow brush with death, Ren didn’t take his eyes off
Leonidas as the Spartan king summoned his spear back to his hand. “Keep pressuring him,
Mash!” he yelled. “Don’t give him even a second to breathe! I’ll cover you!”
The shielder blinked again, then turned back to Leonidas with an expression of
determination. “Yes, senpai!” she acknowledged once more. Her mistake nearly got senpai
hurt. She needed to be better. With that, she charged once more. Leonidas saw her coming
and once more raised his shield to slam her with its edge, but this time she was ready.
She tilted her shield upwards to force Leonidas’s own to shoot past her as she baseball slid
towards his legs. Caught off guard, Leonidas stumbled, forcing him to use his spear to catch
himself before he fell over. Now behind him, she spun around and brought her shield up to
slam down on him, with the Spartan king barely raising his own in time. The sound of the
shields crashing once more reverberated throughout the pass as Leonidas struggled to regain
his footing in time to push Mash back.
“Good!” he barked out as he braced his back foot and thrust his spear forward once more past
his shield – only for Mash to dodge barely to the side once more and instead push forward
even harder, locking the shield against his arm as she started forcing him back. She had taken
the order from her Master to heart, it seemed, meaning he couldn’t focus on Joker like he
planned.
Leonidas was impressed. So much power, intelligence, and spirit packed into a tiny frame!
All this girl needed was more training, lessons, and experience and she would truly be a
splendid warrior! After all, the foundations were there. It was simply a matter of honing her
like one would hone a sword to a bright, sharp edge.

A pity. He would’ve delighted in being the one to do so. But for now, he would do what he
could. And he certainly wasn’t about to make it easy for them – that would be an insult on
both fronts.
Suddenly, he felt his back foot slip as the ground underneath turned to ice and he stumbled
backward, yielding to Mash’s strength. This time, he turned his shield up, using her
momentum to essentially throw her past him as he fell backwards, this time rolling on his
shoulder. A split second later, he was on his feet again as he checked on how Mash reacted –
and found himself pleasantly surprised when the girl dug the prongs of the shield into the
muddy ground to halt her flight. Using that as her grounding, she pulled herself forward with
just her arm strength and launched herself right at him once more, their shields crashing
before the Spartan king could react.
“You learn quickly!” he complimented as he stabbed with his spear again – a move that was
quickly blocked as Mash twisted her shield, forcing his own to push aside the spear in turn.
“However, you rely far too much on your shield!” he continued with an admonishment as the
king twisted his own shield in turn to redirect hers. Mash’s eyes flicked toward his spear –
and thus was caught by surprise by Leonidas instead stepping in and headbutting her. The
king’s helmet collided hard with her skull, sending stars sparkling in her vision as she
stumbled back with a cry of pain. She could feel the warmth of her blood dripping down her
face.
“Pixie!”
A glowing green light surrounded her as the pain receded. However, her brain still rattled in
her skull from the impact, disorienting her as she tried to train her eyes back on Leonidas
once more. Surprisingly, he didn’t press his advantage, instead staring critically at the
shielder. “When dazed, orient yourself as quickly as possible!” he barked. “Your first priority
is to note your situation and react accordingly! The second is to regain your footing so you
can reinforce your stance and be prepared to defend and counter!”
Mash shook her head to clear the stars from her eyes. “Y-Yes!” she cried as she solidified her
stance once more, immediately following his teachings. He hadn’t gone after senpai once
more, nor was Ren relaying any information that indicated either of them were in particular
danger. The only conclusion she could draw was that she was free to focus once more on
Leonidas – or rather, it was the only conclusion she could come up with before the Spartan
king took the offensive this time, charging with his shield raised.
This time, the shielder took the opportunity to spin around, using her shield to redirect
Leonidas’s spear to catch him off balance. The man recovered by jumping backward then
pouncing with his shield, ready to slam the edge into her. This time, Mash deflected the edge.
Leonidas expected a follow-up with her own shield – only for Mash to ram herself into him,
knocking him almost off his feet. He regained his footing as he saw the shielder lift her shield
for a strike. But it was too slow and clumsy. He could easily block that in timeThen the three lights once more flashed around her, and suddenly her strike came far faster
and far more viciously than he anticipated. Mash’s shield caved in his cuirass and crushed his
sternum, causing him to cough up blood. A powerful kick sent him flying away and before he

could regain his senses, a bolt of lightning lit him up. He roared in pain before getting bashed
in the head by Mash, sending him crashing to his knees as his helmet flew off, crumpled.
The Spartan king looked up to see the panting shielder standing over him, her shield at the
ready. Past her was Joker, with Cerberus at the ready. The audience was watching intently for
their next moves. He was battered and hurt, but hardly out of commission. He still had his
spear and shield tightly in his grip. The foes in front of him were formidable – one with a
seemingly endless bag of tricks and the other a novice warrior who one day would shine as
brightly as a war god.
With all that standing before him, he couldn’t help but laugh. He easily forgot his pain as he
stood back up, laughing heartily once more. “Well done, truly well done!” he cried. “My
expectations were high and you have already exceeded them!” He grinned happily, despite
his bloody mouth. “However, this fight is far from over! I do hope you’re ready, Mash
Kyrielight! Joker!”
Before either of them could respond, Leonidas charged in, far faster than he had before. Mash
only had enough time to widen her eyes before he bashed her with a swing of his shield,
sending her flying into the nearby cliff with enough force to crack it. Before Ren could heal
or even call out to her, the Spartan king was already on him, spear and shield at hand. The
Phantom Thief barely dodged out of the way of the first strike – though it was still close
enough to scratch his cheek.
Leonidas reared up to continue his strikes before suddenly turning and raising his shield –
and barely defending in time from Mash who had launched herself from the cliff like a
ballistic missile. The force of her flight forced Leonidas back, his sandaled feet leaving
furrows in the mud below. Eventually regaining his footing, he launched into a flurry of
attacks with both his shield and spear, which Mash defended before counterattacking in turn.
Each time their weapons clashed created a shower of sparks that leaped into the air, with the
warriors trading both blows and ground.
Soon, however, it was clear that Mash was beginning to give. Blood was seeping through the
hole in Leonidas’s cuirass but he hadn’t slowed down whatsoever. In fact, the shielder was
yielding more ground and accumulated multiple injuries: a shield bash directly to her gut, a
scratch to her thigh and a very close one on her neck, and numerous bruises besides.
Anything worse was healed up by Ren. She landed some good hits on the king but it was
clear he had gained the momentum and she hadn’t landed any remarkable blows since.
Meanwhile, Ren watched their fight carefully, his eyes long since turned red thanks to the
Third Eye. The fight had escalated to the point where it was getting far harder to properly
support Mash beyond bolstering her abilities or healing her. It didn’t help that he was still
recovering from yesterday – his muscles almost screamed in pain whenever he moved, and
his circuits still felt much duller than usual. Even if he could more freely use his abilities, it
would be difficult to help more directly given their speed and power.
Taking out his knife, it shifted once more into a gun. He held the gun up carefully with both
hands. His arms felt weak from fatigue and his grip was shaky. It would be extraordinarily
hard to pull off a decent shot with his current condition. With a sigh of frustration, he put it

away. He couldn’t risk attracting attention with a missed shot – or worse, accidentally hit
Mash.
Then an idea came to him. In a flash of blue flame, Cerberus appeared once more. He
reached over and once again felt his soft fur. The drain on him from the persona was
considerable, but still far, far lighter than most others. And given how speed was
imperative… he only had one shot. He needed to make it count. “Think your claws and fangs
are sharp enough, boy?” he asked the persona with a smirk.
Cerberus huffed in response.
—------Mash panted for breath as she used her shield to prop herself up. She had far more stamina
than normal humans thanks to her status as a demi-Servant, but even that had its limits. She
had been pushing herself considerably, maneuvering around Leonidas as she attacked,
defended, and counterattacked the Spartan king – but ended up making little headway. While
Leonidas fought seriously, it felt more like she was being tested than in a true fight to the
death – though the injuries she had been accumulating may argue otherwise.
She rapidly raised her shield once more as Leonidas pounced in, his spear lashing out in
tandem with his shield. With her exhaustion, it was getting harder and harder to find any
decent openings to exploit properly. While her capabilities were still boosted thanks to Rensenpai’s powers, they could only go so far in warding off exhaustion. Thus she was stuck
deflecting and blocking as best she could, trying to conserve her energy.
“You used up far too much stamina in your attacks and movements,” Leonidas once more
admonished as he drew his spear back for another strike. “While the shield can and should be
used as a weapon, it is first and foremost a method of defense, not attack. And now you are
unable to strike back, giving me impunity to do this.” With a wild swing, the Spartan king
bashed aside Mash’s shield. The sheer force of it caught her off-guard and almost knocked
her off her feet – leaving herself wide open as the king stabbed forward with a clear opening
to her gutSuddenly, there was a roar and a blur of white – and Leonidas roared with pain as a white
lion pounced in out of nowhere and clamped its jaws down on his spear arm. The sheer
momentum and weight of the lion dragged his spear off course before pulling the king along
with it before he could mount up any decent resistance.
Mash quickly regrouped, her heart almost leaping out of her chest from the near-death
experience as she glanced over in surprise at Ren. The Phantom Thief was clearly straining to
maintain Cerberus’s existence but showed no sign of yielding to exhaustion. Turning back,
she watched as Leonidas started regaining his footing and struggling against the lion, which
was when the lion stopped and its eyes flashed. A second later, the area around it – with
Leonidas in the middle – was engulfed in a pillar of fire. The king screamed in pain and
frustration as he was immolated before the flames vanished, and Cerberus with it.
“Mash, get him!”

The shielder glanced back to see Ren collapsed on his knees, panting for breath. Her eyes
widened in concern, but his red eyes were trained on Leonidas, who was struggling to get up,
his flesh burnt and his armor and weaponry partially melted. Mash gulped, tore her eyes off
her senpai, and charged Leonidas once more. She had her command from Ren-senpai, and
she wasn’t about to fail him.
The wounded Spartan looked up, scowling at the girl rushing towards him as he struggled
back to his feet. He held out his shield once more to block the attack – and Mash swung her
shield the same way Leonidas had, smashing the king’s shield out of the way. With a wild
cry, she reared her head and headbutted him hard, causing him to stumble back, dazed.
Knowing she couldn’t give him any chance to recover, the shielder reared her shield back and
smashed his shoulder, forcing him to drop his spear – which Mash retrieved and with one
motion, lunged forward. The spearhead pierced armor and flesh alike, burrowing deep into
his gut. Leonidas’s eyes widened in surprise and pain and grasped at the spear to try and pull
it out, only for Mash to plunge it deeper into him with a wild cry. The spear sank all the way
up to her hand, covering it in his blood.
They both stopped, panting for breath. Leonidas exhaled slowly, then smiled. “Well done,
young warrior,” he murmured. “You have won.”
Mash blinked in surprise as she looked up at the king’s eyes. The joy sparkling in his eyes
was something she hadn’t expected at all. She took a step back, then immediately turned
around to Ren, who was shambling towards them. “R-Ren-senpai!” she called over. “Are you
able to heal-!”
“No!”
The girl turned in shock at the Spartan king, who was frowning once more. “Do not disgrace
my loss by attempting to heal me,” he growled. “This is your hard-earned victory, and I
accept both my defeat and death by your hands. You learned quickly as we fought, and while
you showed undue mercy, you did not hesitate when the time came. These traits will carry
you far on the battlefield, Mash Kyrielight. Take heart in that.”
“Heh, Mash has never been anything but awesome,” Ren agreed with a tired grin. Though he
looked pale and shaky, he still looked miles better than he did the other day after fighting off
the entire contingent of soldiers. “You sure you don’t wanna stick around though, your
majesty?” he asked, looking at the Spartan who was starting to dissipate. “We got a lot of
battles coming up – we could really use your help.”
Leonidas shook his head. “I cannot,” he declined. “As much as I wish to, I am still a Servant
bound to the mage Lev. He could easily command me to attack or strike from behind, causing
me to wreak havoc among your forces. And as I said, this is a worthy death. It is rare for one
to find such an honorable way to perish, especially for the goals I have been forced to fight
for. Joker. Mash Kyrielight. Once more, I thank you.”
Ren smiled sadly. He didn’t think he’d convince the king, but he had to try. “Call me Ren,”
he corrected gently. “Ren Amamiya.”

The Spartan king blinked in surprise, then chuckled. “Good, I would rather not call you a
form of jester with how you fought,” he mused, getting a small laugh from Ren in turn. “Ren
Amamiya, Mash Kyrielight. If we ever meet again, my shield and my spear shall be at your
call. May good fortune and victory favor both of you.” With a final smile, Leonidas vanished
into a shower of golden dust, and he was gone.
“Holy SHIT!”
They both blinked in surprise to see Ritsu running towards them while the others followed at
a more sedate pace. The redhead dashed up to Mash and held both her hands, almost
bouncing in place. “You were so freaking AMAZING, Mash!” she gushed. “That was THE
Leonidas, the Spartan king that faced off a hundred thousand Persians, and you beat him! You
beat a Spartan king, Mash! How awesome is that?!?”
“Er, uh,” Mash stammered, blushing heavily from the bombardment of praise. “I-it wasn’t jjust me, Ritsu-senpaI! Um, h-his majesty w-was h-holding back a bit and, um, t-teaching me.
Also, R-Ren-senpai was p-providing a lot of support, s-so it wasn’t j-just me. I w-wasn’t that
impressive c-compared to the t-two of them.”
“Knock it off, will you, Mashumallow?” Ritsu groaned in frustration. “Facts are facts: You
faced Leonidas, head-to-head, in a straight up duel – and you freaking won. Yeah, he may
have been holding back on you a bit, but he still faced you seriously. Yeah, Ren was backing
you up, but you were going toe-to-toe with him. It was you out here, on the field, being
freaking badass and amazing. So accept the compliment, damnit.”
“Ritsu’s got a point,” Ren added with a grin.
Mash just glanced at her two senpais, then blushed further as she clasped her hands, looking
downward. “Th-thank you, both of you,” she murmured. A smile bloomed on her face before
she even realized it. She had fought alongside Ren-senpai – and she won! It was another step
towards her goal of being able to stand beside him.
Meanwhile, Ritsu whirled on Ren, glaring at him. “And you,” she growled as she stomped up
to him, causing Ren to back up reflexively in fear. “You pushed yourself too hard. Again.”
Ren held up his hands in surrender. “N-not that much,” he quickly excused himself. “Most of
what I did was pretty light overall. Mash did a lot of the heavier work, and I’m grateful to her
for that. I just provided some support.”
“Including that little show of pyrotechnics?” Ritsu asked rhetorically, causing the Phantom
Thief to sweat even further. “Turn around, Ren. Right now.”
The Phantom Thief could only gulp as he did so, afraid of whatever fate awaited him… and
was promptly caught off guard as Ritsu wrapped her arms around him from behind. He felt
the blood rushing unbidden to his face as Mash blinked in shock. “You need to take it easy,”
she grumbled softly. “We’re all standing here beside you, you know? You don’t need to push
yourself so hard. You got all of us.”

Blinking in surprise, Ren sagged a bit in resignation. “Sorry,” he replied softly, “Old habits
die hard. I’ll try to take it a bit easier. At the very least, we don’t have any fights any time
soon, so I’ll have plenty of rest.”
“Good,” Ritsu grumbled. Then she tightened her grip on him. “However, you still pushed
yourself after we explicitly told you not to. So I think a bit of punishment is in order so you
don’t forget anytime soon, wouldn’t you agree?”
Ren blinked and realized in growing horror what was about to happen. “Wait, Ritsu, you
don’t need to-!” he quickly shouted.
“Caster!” Ritsu cried. “Do the thing!”
A wind talisman from the fox miko raced out and coated the ground around them in
protective winds. Ritsu meanwhile tightened her grip on Ren as he unsuccessfully tried to
break free. “RAGING MAIDEN SUPLEX!” she roared as bent backward, taking the
Phantom Thief with him and suplexing him into the ground. The winds prevented any real
damage from happening but that still didn’t prevent it from being incredibly painful.
“R-Ritsu-senpai, p-please don’t injure Ren-senpai!” Mash cried in worry as she raced
forward to separate the two. Meanwhile, Ren could still hear the laughter of everyone else
through Caster’s winds, especially Loki’s. Despite the pain, he smiled.
The battle had been won.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.gg/d8JwT5FE

Chapter 61: Goddesses
Chapter Summary

Another calm before a much louder storm.

Chapter Notes

Per usual, I don't like this chapter. Hope you guys enjoy.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

A few days had passed since the razing of the first United Roman Empire camp. The Roman
army had been able to set up extraordinarily quickly at the other encampment thanks to Rider
and Archer’s work earlier. The captured ships had been sent out to scout the nearby islands as
Evander worked with his men and officers to set up proper routes for logistics and supplies.
Packs of soldiers had been sent to nearby villages to requisition more supplies as necessary,
as well as gather what information they could.
Of course, that left plenty of time for Morgana and the Servants. The Servants as usual kept a
watch out while Morgana tried to patrol the camp as they did before, but at this point the
latter was becoming increasingly unnecessary. Soldiers and officers alike were practically
singing their praises, and whatever criticism now were more muted grumbles than anything
they needed to be wary of.
Then he remembered what happened prior to trying to take Okumura’s Palace, when the
Phantom Thieves’ popularity was sky high. That had marked a turning point for them toward
the worse. They couldn’t let their guard down – praise could very easily turn to scorn and
hatred if they put a toe out of line.
Morgana could only sigh. Things were definitely complicated. While he lived for the praise
he rightfully deserved, the harsh lessons he learned back in Tokyo still stuck with him.
For now, they didn’t have much to do. In Evander’s own words, ‘I cannot command you as
easily as I do my own men. Go and do what you believe is best. Consult with me if you wish
to make greater maneuvers so we can coordinate.’ It was certainly a far cry from the rather
distant attitude he had towards them before the invasion, but they would take it.
For now, Morgana sat at the edge of a cliff with a fishing pole dangling into the waters below.
He had managed to procure one from the soldiers. Unfortunately, it had been a bit too

unwieldy to use for his diminutive figure so he had to chop it down to about half its size.
Thankfully, it still seemed relatively sturdy despite that, much to his delight.
It had only been a bit since the communication with Ren, Roman, and Ritsu. Though at this
point he was used to his best friend being absolutely reckless, seeing Ren in such a haggard,
wounded state never stopped being alarming for him. Though when he first came back from
being captured by the police had still been the most terrifying for him to witness. On the
surface, he seemed to come back only slightly worse for wear.
But during the night, Morgana could hear his quiet whimpers and cries as he slept. It took a
month for them to subside and even then, he couldn’t be sure Ren didn’t have those kinds of
nightmares. He never spoke about them, or at least not at length. The closest he did was when
they discussed the plan afterward and everyone praised him for maintaining his cool.
He had seen a lot of sides of Ren – including when he had broken down from the incineration
of humanity. Now he could only wonder: Were there even more sides that he wasn’t seeing?
Everyone did – that was the point of a shadow, after all – but would it end up being a
detriment? Not to them, of course. Ren would sooner cut his own arm off than let that
happen.
And that was what worried him.
What was surprising had been both Rider and Archer’s reactions. Rider has visibly started,
despite her usually stoic nature. Archer on the other hand looked panicked as well, but also
seemed far more exasperated than the purple-haired Servant. That was something he certainly
found curious, but he had been too busy trying to get information from Roman and Ren to
really comment on it. Regardless, it seemed he wasn’t the only one on his end who thought
his best friend was reckless as all get out.
“Mind if I join you, Master?”
Startled out of his ponderings, he glanced over to see Archer holding a fishing pole. The
catlike being grinned. “Sure!” he replied. “Fishing’s always more fun with others.” Archer
nodded in gratitude before casting his line out. Morgana glanced over at Archer. Looking
closely, his rod definitely seemed fairly modern. If anything, it definitely looked like one of
the more high quality fishing rods Ren had used before. “Where did you even get that
anyway?” he asked, slightly bemused.
“Projection,” Archer explained simply.
Morgana blinked in surprise. “Wait, you mean like the same way you can just… make swords
out of thin air?” he asked.
Archer paused before answering. “The way I utilize swords is different than how I create
fishing rods,” he replied carefully. “With fishing rods, it’s more that I create them from prana
after using the requisite blueprints from structural grasping.”
That… seemed both simple yet complex at the same time. He wasn’t precisely sure if he
comprehended that. However, how Archer differentiated his swords compared to the fishing

rods was something he quickly caught. After hesitating for a second, he decided to ask
anyway. “Would your swords have to do with your Pa- er, Reality Marble?” Morgana asked
quietly.
The red-mantled hero said nothing. For a few tense moments, the only sounds were of the
waves lapping at the rocks beneath them. After a few more, Morgana gulped and was about
to change the subject when he heard a dry chuckle from Archer. “You put two and two
together extremely quickly, Master,” he quietly remarked. “However, it is something I wish
to discuss another time. Is that alright?”
Morgana blinked in surprise then nodded with a sigh. “Sure, I get it,” he agreed. Talking
about one’s own Palaces was definitely a difficult matter to put it mildly. Futaba could talk
about hers just fine and was even curious about it, but then she was an exception in many
ways, mentally and emotionally. However, he couldn’t imagine most other people would be
comfortable talking about their Palaces, if they even believed they had one. Especially one as
all-encompassing as Archer’s.
Archer nodded in gratitude before glancing back down at the catlike being. “That being said,
Master,” he continued. “You seem troubled yourself.”
The Master blinked, then chuckled ruefully. “That obvious, huh?” he asked rhetorically. He
huffed as he sat down on a nearby small rock. “I was just thinking about what Ren pulled off.
Going off by himself and fighting off hundreds of soldiers and a Servant by himself.
Honestly, it’s so like him to do that – hell, I’d be more surprised if he didn’t do that.”
He pulled up his line to make sure his bait was still on the hook before casting it back out
again – a pitiful distance compared to Archer’s line. “This isn’t the first time he’s done
something reckless like this either,” he added. “Ren’s always been reckless about things when
he believes it’s right or only thing to do. I’ve gotten used to it but…” He sighed in frustration.
“He does this often?” Archer asked as he tugged on the line a bit to wiggle the bait.
Morgana paused to think for a second. “Not… often,” he admitted. “Ren is normally pretty
daring overall, but he doesn’t take, like, really crazy risks. I mean, sure, there was that one
time we were at gunpoint with a yakuza-“ Archer immediately swiveled to stare at Morgana
with eyes as wide as saucers. “But otherwise he doesn’t do anything too far. Except…”
Archer noticed the pause and glanced at Morgana. “Except when?” he gently prodded.
The catlike being sighed. “Remember when we told everyone in the briefing about Sae’s
Palace?” he asked quietly. “Part of the plan was… was to have Ren get arrested. Ren himself
volunteered himself for it. We were a bit worried but we immediately agreed anyway. He’s
our awesome leader, after all. He’ll be able to handle it. We still did all we could and
prepared all we could, making sure to have all our bases covered.”
His paws clenched tightly on the rod. “After that, he… he doesn’t talk about it,” he
murmured. “But from what little I heard, it was rough in the interrogation room. He was
talking a tightrope, made even worse by the fact that he was drugged. If he slipped up with

remembering something or said the wrong thing, the rest of us would’ve been caught and
he… Akechi would’ve killed him.”
The red-mantled hero was silent as Morgana rambled. “Now he’s putting himself into more
and more danger,” he muttered. “I should be used to this by now, but that doesn’t make it any
less frustrating! Make it even worse that he had to do it when I’m not there! If I was by his
side, I could’ve at least made things easier for him, put in my fair share of work, just –
something! Instead, I’m here in the middle of the Mediterranean, hundreds of kilometers
away!”
Morgana sighed as he relaxed his grip. “Ugh, yeah, yeah, I know,” he muttered. “I know that
I have to be here in order to make sure the United Roman Empire doesn’t just take the other
way and attack Rome by the sea. And even if I wanted to, there’s really no way of rushing
over there to help. So all I can do is get these islands conquered and rendezvous with him as
quickly as possible. We already got one island down, just need to move on to the next.”
Then he stopped and laughed a bit ruefully. “Sorry,” he apologized. “Didn’t mean to ramble
so much. You probably just wanted to fish.”
Archer merely chuckled. “Not at all, Master,” he reassured the catlike being. “I understand
the feeling all too well. Or rather, I understand being in Ren’s position.”
Morgana blinked up at Archer. “You do?” he asked.
The Servant nodded. “When I was younger,” he said. “I was… an impetuous fool. I always
wanted to save others, as much as I could. It mattered little what happened to me, so long as
they were saved. Whether friend or foe, close to me or strangers, great or insignificant. If I
could save a life, I would.”
“That sounds…” Morgana didn’t know what to say here. On one hand, that sounded
uncomfortably like Ren, with how willing he was to help and protect others however he
could. However, their leader also had their limits. The Phantom Thieves had realized long
ago they couldn’t help or save everyone – it was only their small group. They had made that
clear to Archer in almost their first conversation together in Chaldea.
Archer gave a humorless smile. “Idiotic to the extreme,” he finished for the Master. “But the
point was, I’m no stranger to the stunts Amamiya seems to pull. But at the very least, he is far
more sensible about it than I was in my youth.”
Morgana sighed. “Yeah, I guess,” he muttered. Then his curiosity got the best of him as he
peered up at Archer. “What’s a reckless thing you’ve done?” he asked.
The red-mantled hero didn’t answer immediately, clearly deliberating what to say. While
normally he would have an answer, given the powers of his Masters, it would lead to more
troublesome questions and inquiries than it was worth. Instead, he simply replied, “Using my
Reality Marble in Lyon.”
The catlike being groaned in frustration. “Not what I meant and you know it!” he cried.

Archer began chuckling when suddenly, his line went taut. Smirking, he easily pulled and
jerked the line until out sprang a large grouper. “This should cover our dinner tonight quite
well,” he commented, looking over the fish with approval. “If you’ll excuse me, Master.”
With that, he walked away, prize in hand and his rod vanishing.
“Wha – no, we are NOT done here!” Morgana screeched in outrage, stopping to give a quick
glare of resentment at his own fruitless rod. “Get back here and give a serious answer,
Archer! Or at least create a better fishing rod for me! ARCHER!!”
A mild sea breeze carried Archer’s chuckles away. It was a restful day for all of them.
---------Legate Evander glanced up as Morgana and the two Servants filed into his tent. He nodded in
greetings. “Good to have you here,” he stated.

Morgana hopped up on the table, crossing his paws with a nod. “So, what’s our next
destination?” he asked, glancing down at the map spread on the table.
In response, Evander pulled out a sheaf of papers – reports from the soldiers. “Normally, we
would continue northwest to Sardinia and Corsica,” he stated, pointing to the larger islands.
“However, it seems there are interesting rumors from the villagers here. Tales of goddesses
on one of the islands past them.” With that, he took a wooden piece and placed it in what
appeared to be blank ocean, just past the midway point of the two islands. “Normally, I would
dismiss such notions as complete nonsense,” he admitted. “However, in times like these,
well…. It’s hard to say what’s real and what’s not.”
The catlike being had to agree to that. With their appearance, as well as their enemies
apparently being the king Leonidas and Julius Caesar, coupled with the inhuman soldiers, it
was getting harder to remain skeptical about such things. At the very least, it wouldn’t hurt to
check it out, if only to prevent it from biting them in the rear later. “So, do we know anything
about these goddesses?” he asked.
Evander frowned as he sifted through the reports. “Not a huge amount,” he replied. “A few
sightings of supernaturally beautiful young women on this island. One of them is
considerably younger than the others and may have… purple hair? Otherwise, no further
particular details.”
At that mention, Rider stiffened for a quick second before relaxing back into a more passive
stance.
Archer frowned. “This doesn’t sound like much to go on,” he pointed out. “Did none of the
villagers try to get a closer look? Do they know for certain it’s young women there or maybe
it’s just some figment of their imaginations? It all sounds like typical sailor tales.”
The legate nodded. “Under normal circumstances, I’d agree with you,” he acknowledged.
“However, multiple villagers corroborated the story here, with the same kind of sightings.

One villager – a young man, apparently – declared he would go to this island to meet these
goddesses and set off the next day. He hasn’t been seen since.”
“Could a storm not have sunk him?” Rider asked quietly. “Or perhaps caught by pirates?”
Once more, the legate sifted through the reports and pulled a few more out. “The villagers
didn’t report any inclement weather, nor were there apparently any sightings of pirates in the
area,” he responded. “It is no guarantee, of course, but there’s enough here that at the very
least, I believe it warrants a look. The plan is that we will go ahead to scout this island while
the main body of forces secure Sardinia and Corsica.”
That caught Morgana by surprise. “Wait, shouldn’t we accompany the soldiers to secure the
islands?” he asked.
Evander shook his head. “Apparently, the enemy presence there is very light,” he replied,
placing surprisingly few figures on each island. “Most of their manpower must’ve been
funneled here. If we move quickly, our forces should be able to take these camps before they
can receive any reinforcements.”
Morgana frowned, then nodded. “Alright, less than we’d like but it’ll have to do,” he stated.
“When are we leaving?”
“We’ll be setting off in a few hours,” the legate replied. “It’ll be clear skies so we can easily
continue sailing through the night.”
Morgana nodded. They had more than enough time to prepare, then. “Alright, just let us
know when you’re setting off,” he answered. “We’ll see you in a few hours.” Evander nodded
as the three walked out of the tent.
The camp was bustling as usual. However, they could see soldiers hauling crates and rolling
barrels toward the ships as engineers double-checked the ships for any problems as well as
securing on-board weapons. Rows of soldiers marched past them so they could board as well,
receiving assignments from their officers.
The catlike being sighed. “I’m gonna go contact Chaldea and let them know what’s going on.
What about you guys?”
“I will prepare tonight’s dinner,” Archer replied. Morgana nodded. The grouper should be
pretty good.
Morgana noticed that Rider seemed distracted. “Rider?” he asked. “Everything alright?”
The woman stirred, then nodded. “Yes,” she replied, a bit too quickly. “Forgive me for my
distraction. I will resume patrolling until it is time to leave.” Before Morgana or Archer could
respond, Rider turned around and vanished in a golden light, leaving the two alone.
“You know anything about that?” Morgana confusedly asked.
Archer frowned at the spot where Rider disappeared before turning. “It’s not my place to
answer,” he replied simply. “Just know at the very least that if it was something harmful to

us, she would let us know.” With that, he walked off towards their personal campfire.
Morgana could only stand there, stupefied, as the two Servants had apparently made their
excuses and bailed as soon as they could.
The catlike being could only sigh in frustration. While he had no right to talk about keeping
secrets, he hadn’t expected either Archer or Rider to be so tight-lipped about it. He knew
better than to force the issue out of them, but it didn’t prevent it from frustrating. Just another
thing to add on top of his best friend’s recklessness.
It seemed trouble and secrets just honestly followed them wherever they went.
Deciding there was no reason to stand around any longer, he wearily went back to his tent.
Any soldiers who noticed him passing by cheerily greeted him, and he greeted them back in
turn. Suspicious or not, it was certainly a nice change from all the wary glares and glances
they had been given before. Still, he wouldn’t be truly comfortable until he could rendezvous
with the others in the end.
Finally getting back into the tent, he hopped on the smaller cot before bringing up his
communicator. It was designed by Da Vinci for both his cat and Metaverse form, which was
certainly handy. She apparently wanted to make it a collar, but it would be ultimately too
clunky to use well. Morgana was certainly thankful she didn’t make it a collar – he was rather
attached to the yellow scarf around his neck. He tapped the button to activate it and to his
surprise was greeted with…
“Bonjour, monsieur Morgana!”
The beaming visage of Marie Antoinette. “Oh, Marie,” he stammered in surprise. “I, uh, I
didn’t expect to see you there. Where’s Roman and Da Vinci?”
“The two stepped away to grab some dinner,” Marie cheerfully explained. “Da Vinci asked
me to watch the console in the meantime and to alert her if there’s anything happening. Ah,
those two are so adorable I can’t stop smiling~” At the last sentence she practically cupped
her cheeks and wriggled in happiness on the spot.
Morgana could only give an exasperated smile. Well, he wanted to talk to Da Vinci and
Roman to report in, but if Da Vinci believed Marie was fine at the console, then he might as
well put his faith in her judgement. “I’m just calling in to let you guys know we’re setting off
in a couple hours,” he reported. “Apparently there’s an island with goddesses or something?
We’ll be heading there with the legate and both Archer and Rider. The main forces are going
to secure Sardinia and Corsica while we’re gone.”
As Morgana reported the situation, he noticed that Marie was typing down what he had been
saying, all without losing the bright smile on her face. It certainly reminded him of Da Vinci
– albeit far less dangerous. Wait, she’s a full-on queen. Wouldn’t that make her more
dangerous then…? But she seemed rather innocent. But maybe it was all an act…?
He huffed a breath before dismissing all those thoughts. He was definitely overthinking it.

“You seem to be taking to this pretty well,” he commented as he watched Marie type happily
away. She seemed surprisingly fast at typing, doing so without much issue. “I didn’t expect
you to be, uh, this gung-ho about it.”
Marie glanced over in surprise. “Hm? And why wouldn’t I be?” she asked in genuine
curiosity. “Chaldea has been a unique place ever since my summoning, and this time is far
different than my own! I have been trying to explore and learn in my spare time and while at
times complicated, everything here is très bien!”
Despite everything, Morgana had to chuckle at the queen’s curiosity and enthusiasm.
“Chaldea is pretty eye-popping, no matter how you slice it,” he admitted. “Glad to see you’re
having a good time though. You gonna be at the console more often?”
The Rider nodded, beaming. “If I can help it, oui!” she happily confirmed. “It is most
fascinating to see other times and locales, even when I’m not with you! This will be a truly
novel experience!”
“Well alright then,” Morgana chuckled. As lackadaisical as the queen was, he had a good
feeling she would take whatever duties she had quite seriously. In this case, she would have
absolutely no problem calling Da Vinci or Roman over if things were going wrong. “Have
you talked to Ren or Ritsu yet?”
Marie shook her head. “Not yet,” she replied. “However, according to what is displayed here,
neither monsieur Ren nor Mademoiselle Ritsu have encountered any troubles. I’m sure they
will contact me before long. From what I hear, it would appear they had a rather arduous
battle.”
“That’s one way to put it,” the catlike being sighed. “Still, I’m sure they’ll be more than
happy to talk to you once they contact you. Or you could contact them if you wanna.”
“Non, they need their rest,” Marie refused. “There will be plenty of opportunities later on, but
for now, it is better for them to recover.”
Can’t fault that logic. “Fair enough,” he replied. Then a scent hit his nose and his mouth
almost immediately started watering. “For now though, I’m gonna hang up. It seems Archer
made dinner and frankly, I’m starving. Catch you later?”
“Oui oui,” the Rider cheerfully replied. “Have a good meal, monsieur Morgana! We shall
chat when we have the next opportunity!” With that, the communicator closed off as
Morgana hopped off the cot. With almost a dopey smile, he walked out of his tent toward
where Archer had been cooking. A good dinner before setting out on a mission. This was
surprisingly much better than he expected overall.
---------As the communication ended, Marie sat back in the cheer, stretching happily. All around her,
the staff members of Chaldea were currently working at their desks, dealing with more
specialized tasks and feeding information to her own console. She noticed that one or two
gave glances her way, each of them with a different intention – some were looking at her with

suspicion or condescension. Some were looking at her with curiosity. No small number were
looking at her with desire or admiration in their eyes, both innocent and not so innocent alike.
Ah, this felt familiar. She felt many of those same kinds of stares back at her time in court.
Still, at least this she could deal with. Many of those stares had been far more intense during
her time – unbearably so, in fact. This was honestly nothing.
“Didn’t expect to find you manning the console.”
Blinking in surprise, she turned to see Cu Chulainn, grinning casually as he walked up. Marie
smiled in return. “Ah, oui, it is not something you would expect someone like me to do,” she
admitted. “But mademoiselle Da Vinci asked me as I was nearby, and I saw no reason to
refuse. It is not too complicated a matter, thankfully – no more so than the devices in our
bedrooms.”
Cu blinked in surprise. “Oh?” he asked in curiosity. “You actually use that thing?”
The Rider nodded enthusiastically. “Oui!” she replied happily. “It is a most fascinating thing
with elaborate records! Both for books and articles to read and for videos! I even tried to find
more information about monsieur Ren and monsieur Morgana, however it would seem that is
hard going.”
“Huh, really?” Cu asked skeptically as he approached the console to look at the screens. The
Throne didn’t give a huge amount of knowledge that it didn’t consider relevant, but it didn’t
take him incredibly long to get the general gist of what he was looking at. “You’d think with
a pair like those, their names would be plastered front and centered everywhere – or at least
their aliases,” he mused.
Marie nodded in agreement. “Indeed, such dashing figures would be the talk of everyone,”
she replied as she pouted and spun in her chair. “But it seems what I can find is sparse at
most. Must be politically silenced.”
The Lancer raised an eyebrow. “Speakin’ from experience?” he asked quietly.
The French queen paused, then giggled. “It’d be unbecoming for a lady to share all her
secrets,” she replied simply.
“And speakin’ of secrets,” Cu continued as he glanced back at Marie. “You didn’t tell the cat
about Romulus.”
Marie was silent for a second. The information from Leonidas had been reported to Chaldea a
while ago, and the fact that the progenitor of Rome stood against them was of no small
concern. Already, there had been discussions on how to properly deal with him when the time
came, ranging from diplomacy to a sudden strike from Chaldea before he could properly
prepare any of the necessary defenses. The final judgement came from Artoria.
‘Until we know better what the circumstances surrounding Romulus are like, there is little we
can currently do, not without fully abandoning the Roman Empire,’ she had declared. ‘For
now, we must have faith in those that have been dispatched and offer what support we can.’

And that was that. It wasn’t the most popular decision – even Artoria seemed displeased by
her own statement – but there was little else that could be easily done.
“I did not believe it would be a good time to tell him, not with an imminent objective and
their current surroundings,” Marie justified. “Nor would I be the most fitting one to tell him.
Later, perhaps. But not now.”
Cu stared at Marie, then shrugged. “Eh, if you say so,” he accepted easily. “Seems like it’ll be
a tough fight for them though.”
“Oh, without a doubt,” Marie agreed without hesitating before glancing up in curiosity. “Did
you wish to join them?” she asked
The Lancer nodded. “Yep,” he admitted without shame. “Sounds like it was at least a bit
more interesting than waiting around here. Hell, our Master fought off two hundred Roman
soldiers and stared down a goddamn Servant. Not the smartest move ever, yeah, but you gotta
admit, that took some balls. Wish I’d been there to see it so I can clap the kid on the back –
after knocking him on the noggin, of course.”
Marie giggled. “Honestly, monsieur Cu, I do not know whether you’re proud or angry at
him,” she pointed out.
The Irish hero grinned. “A guy can be both,” he replied easily. With that, he stretched. “Welp,
doesn’t seem like anything’s going on so I’m gonna go get some grub,” he said. “You want
anything while I’m there?”
The Rider opened her mouth, then an idea hit her. “Oooh, do you believe they would have
escargot?” she asked excitedly.
A moment passed as Cu stared at Marie, trying to decide if that was a joke or not. “… Miss,
you’re as cute as you are weird,” he bluntly stated.
Marie only giggled in response.
--------Sleeping on boats was not something Morgana had gotten particularly used to. The creaking
of the timbers, the rocking of the boat, the shouts nearby of the various soldiers and officers
as they barked information and orders to one another as they sailed the seas. However, there
hadn’t been any choice – with the sheer distance from Sicily to the island with the goddesses,
the trip would have to take multiple days even in the best-case scenario.
Thus, the three traveled with the detachment of Roman soldiers in three warships. A very
small force had been left to garrison Sicily – approximately a hundred men. Even with the
reinforcements that rendezvoused with them, they were a measly three hundred and fifty.
More than when they set out for Sicily, but still a tiny number regardless. The plan for most
of the soldiers was to slam hard against any United Roman Empire presence on Sardinia first,
then sail north as quickly as they could to capture Corsica.

As for the Chaldeans, Evander would accompany them with twenty soldiers towards the
island. Smaller numbers would show they weren’t there as a threat to the goddesses, but the
Chaldeans would be doing the majority of the fighting if worse comes to worse. It was a
sensible plan, at least.
And absolutely none of that comforted Morgana as he stirred uncomfortably in his hammock.
It had been difficult trying to get some half-decent sleep with everything going on around
him. Compounded with his worries and it was a wonder he got any sleep at all. He had
already gotten up several times in the middle of the night to readjust his sleeping stance,
knead his hammock and blankets, and tried to doze back off with limited success. Times like
this, he wished he was more like a cat so he could properly sleep.
‘Master, the island is in sight.’
At Archer’s communication, Morgana groaned, shutting his eyes tighter. ‘If it’s visible to your
eyes, then I don’t care,’ he snapped. ‘Wake me up when the Romans have actually spotted it.’
‘They have spotted it,’ Archer clarified, a tone of amusement creeping into his voice. ‘We will
be in distance to head ashore within an hour. I suggest waking up. I’ll see if I can get some
coffee at least to help with it.’ With that, the red-mantled Servant withdrew to prepare the
morning’s meal.
Morgana could only groan again in frustration before reluctantly getting up. Adjusting for the
rocking of the hammock, he gently leaped off to the deck below, barely prying his eyes open
as his figure blurred and he took on his Metaverse form once more. A much better landing
than his first night where he forgot where he was and stepped off his hammock into thin air.
Rider had to help him with the resulting splinters. That was beyond annoying.
Stepping topside, he wrinkled his nose at the salty sea air. A pleasant enough scent at first,
now it was just getting monotonous. It turned out the big problem with boats was that it was
simply boring. There really wasn’t much to do at all. Morgana tried fishing again but nothing
bit, and trying to converse with Archer or Rider proved a rather futile endeavor. In the end, he
had to settle with prowling and letting his mind wander.
But now, standing on the prow, his sleepiness was immediately alleviated by the sight of the
island. It was fairly small, enough that he didn’t have to turn too much to see both ends of it.
He squinted to see the details, but beyond the peaceful sandbar and the forests beyond, he
didn’t see anything that awaited them. ‘Archer, you see anything?’ Morgana asked.
‘The coast is clear – quite literally, in this case,’ Archer reported. ‘We will most likely have to
beach and explore, though it is best to be ready for anything.’
The catlike being nodded. Through their mental link, he could feel Rider’s tension. He could
feel it the entire trip, but she had refused to speak about it whatsoever. All he could do was
hope this island explained precisely what the heck was going on. All around him,
preparations were being made to disembark. ‘I’ll eat on the boat ride,’ Morgana decided. ‘We
got no time to lose.’

‘Understood, Master,’ Archer accepted. Rider said nothing but the slight shift in her thoughts
indicated her approval as well.
Before long, the rowboat was set down on the water. Evander stayed on the ship, with four
Roman soldiers accompanying them. Morgana stood on the prow watching the beachhead
intently as Archer kept a lookout. Rider sat in the back, unmoving and not speaking. The
soldiers rowed easily, but it was also clear they were uneasy as well. A couple minutes later,
they landed on the beach and… nothing. It was just as quiet as before.
Morgana frowned as he hopped off, his paws thudding into the sand as Archer also stepped
off the rowboat, as well as Rider. The four soldiers stayed within the boat, not willing to
disembark and explore quite yet. Then –
“Incoming Servant!” Archer called out as he summoned his twin blades. Morgana cursed as
he brought out his slingshot and Rider brought out her spikes. Suddenly, something leaped
from the forest and skidded to a halt on the sand, sending particles flying everywhere. As the
sand settled, it revealed… a beautiful young woman with bright yellow eyes and voluminous
orange hair, adorned in a short red yukata. However, it was hard to say what caught one’s
attention first: Her fluffy fox tail and ears, the gigantic, adorable paws she had instead of
hands… or the fact that she looked very similar to Tamamo.
“Nya!” the woman called out before leaping up, posing with a bright grin. “Welcome,
welcome to the Shaped Island, oh visitors of Rome! I am one of the Tamamo Nine, the Wild
Fox, Tamamo Cat! Nice to meet you!”
The Chaldeans and the Romans could only stare at her before looking at each other, mildly
nonplussed. Before any of them could respond, there was the sound of flapping wings behind
them. They whirled around to see a large feathered four-legged creature landing on the beach.
Mounted on it was a girl with pink hair, wearing armor of rather fine quality. “Tama~!” she
whined as she hopped off. “I told you we were supposed to do it in sync! Why’d you go
ahead of me?”
Tamamo Cat blinked and tilted her head. “Wait, we were?” she asked innocently.
“Yeah!” the girl shouted back. “We were gonna do a synced awesome entrance and catch
them by surprise! Ugh! Oh well. No use crying over spilled milk.” With that, the girl posed
and also grinned happily at them. “Yahoo!” she cheered. “My name is Astolfo! And like
Tama here said, nice to meet you~!”
Morgana could only stare between the two characters, utterly flabbergasted, before silently
turning to Archer and Rider in question. Both Servants could only give him as flabbergasted
an expression, just as bewildered as their Master was. They didn’t seem to be hostile – or if
they were, the mood certainly wasn’t there for a fight.
“Must you two always be so noisy even when intruders step foot on this island?”
A third voice, melodious while carrying a hint of venom, rose above the others. Immediately,
the Chaldeans and Romans were on guard, turning towards the source of it. Out of the forest
stepped a young girl, her long purple hair done in twin tails. She wore a white dress, tailored

with ruffles on the lower half, and a black and white headpiece. Her purple eyes shone with
amusement and malice as she beheld them all, her bare feet stepping onto the sand.
“Why have you come here, strangers from a far away land?” the girl asked, her eyes landing
on each of them – and resting on Rider. “Oh? And who do we have here…?” Her voice
trailed off, both in shock and surprise.
Everyone turned to look at Medusa, who stepped forward, almost staggering. Only one word
issued from her mouth in response.
“Sister…”

Chapter End Notes

Blah blah Discord blah.
https://discord.gg/zPfAJDKq

Chapter 62: Stheno
Chapter Summary

Goddesses are a pain.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Once upon a time, there were three girls.
They were not born to mortal parents or even a mortal coil. Humanity desired beings they
could worship. Perfection and beauty unattainable by humanity. From such desires, they
came to be. Identical for perfection had only one form, they were ideal for idolizing and
worshipping, collecting love and tribute like flowers attracting bees. They radiated with
beauty and pride, and they collected. It was a peaceful system, and they were happy.
But one of the girls was not perfect. No one knew whether it was some sort of corrupted wish
or simply a defect of creation. Thus, she was not a subject of perfection and grew. Her form
became ungainly unlike the delicate, perfected forms of her sisters. She fretted over her
ugliness, but that mattered little, for her sisters loved her all the same. Thus, they collected
their tribute and worship, and they were happy.
Jealousy, however, always stalked closely the path of perfection. Athena saw the deformed
sister and envied her. In her envy, she cursed the sister. All respect turned to disdain, all love
to hatred. Unable to stay for fear for her life, she fled across the seas to an unknown, barren
island. The rough shape of it made it difficult if not impossible to chart, and thus it was called
the Shapeless Isle. There, the deformed sister can be away from the newfound hatred of
humanity. And despite the worship they enjoyed, the two other sisters joined her in exile. All
they needed was each other’s company, and they were happy.
Thus they resided, delighting in one another’s company. However, humanity desired to
worship, and sought out the two perfect sisters. Yet they did not forget their hatred of the
deformed sister and brought sharp blades to slay her. The sister gained great strength and
power with her deformity, with eyes that could turn any man to stone. Those who came to
harm were dealt with, and those who came solely to worship were left alone. And they were
happy.
And yet, more and more came. As association of the perfect sisters with the deformed sister
spread, adoration once more turned to hatred. Those who came to the isle no longer brought
tribute but only blades. The isle became a place of death, littered with statues. The deformed
sister kept fighting and kept killing. The perfect sisters were upset with the lack of tribute, but
they made do, and they were happy.

With each kill, the scent of blood became more and more disgusting to the deformed sister.
Eventually, the scent became so disgusting that it became alluring, then intoxicating. She
began drinking the blood and devouring the flesh, becoming even more deformed, yet
stronger. Her sisters’ love soon turned to fear, but it did not matter so long as they were safe.
Eventually, they complained to the deformed sister. In the deformed sister’s blood-drunk
mind, they had become nuisances and annoying. And so, to better protect them and silence
them, she opened her maw, and they became one.
And they were happy.
---------Medusa gulped as her sister’s eyes bore down on her. The delicate figure and purple hair, the
proud gaze in her bearing… all of them were unmistakable. “Sister,” she stammered. “I did
not expect to see you here. But I am glad to see you nevertheless.”
The sister scoffed. “Well, that should be a given, Meduseless,” she snapped with a smirk.
“You have been hopeless overall. You haven’t even explained to me the meaning of all these
intruders on my island.”
The Rider drew herself up and turned to the others, who were staring at her in askance. “This
is one of my sisters, Stheno,” she explained. “She had been with me during my time as a
goddess and as a monster. Dear sister, this is my fellow Servant, Archer.” The red-mantled
hero nodded in acknowledgement, crossing his arms. Despite his more relaxed stance, his
grey eyes were sharp and observant, glancing between the petite goddess, Tamamo Cat, and
Astolfo.
“And this is one of my Masters, Morgana,” she added, indicating the catlike being who
glared suspiciously up at Stheno.
Stheno blinked in surprise as she stared at Morgana. Then she smirked once more. “Truly a
most amusing joke you have brought me, dear sister,” she commented. “This… furball over
here is a Master? How adorably amusing! Ah, it seems you have grown a sense of humor
since we were last together. I do approve.”
The rather insulting comment caught him by surprise as he felt his irritation stir. Already,
dislike for the goddess broiled within him and left him questioning already if this detour was
worth it. At least the other two seemed less troublesome. Shoving that aside, he decided to
just get to business. “Right,” he said. “How much do you guys know of the singularity – or
just what’s happening right now?”
Stheno scoffed. “Why would I have any interest in the lowly affairs of mortals?” she asked
haughtily. Morgana had to fight off retorting with a biting remark and just nodded. His
already low opinion of Stheno sunk yet even lower. She had better be worth it.
Tamamo Cat shook her head. “I’ve been stuck here since I dunno how long, woof!” she
replied. “The salt water is gross on my ears and tail so I can’t swim. I tried running across the
water but no go. Ah, what a hard life, woof!” Morgana blinked before nodding again. Under
normal circumstances, he would’ve questioned the ‘running across water’ part but given how

Servants are and all the weird stuff he had seen, it honestly wouldn’t have been the strangest
thing at this point.
Oh great. He was actually getting used to the craziness around him. That should end well.
“Ugh, I tried,” Astolfo lamented. “But it was too far to get anywhere without completely
burning out all my prana. I wouldn’t be able to maintain Hippy here without him poofing and
me landing smack dab in the middle of the sea.”
Again, the catlike being could only blink. “’Hippy?’” he echoed incredulously.
“Yep!” Astolfo replied cheerfully. “Hippy the Hippogriff! Oh, speaking of which!” She
turned to the hippogriff and patted its feathers. “Thanks for coming out!” she said cheerfully.
The hippogriff in turn knickered in response before turning away and dissolving into golden
dust.
Morgana could only stare until he heard deep sighs from Archer, Rider, and even Stheno.
“What, what’s the big deal?” he asked.
Archer glanced back at Morgana, looking distinctly unamused. “Astolfo had essentially used
an A-rank Noble Phantasm just for a flashy entrance,” he replied bluntly. “While using a
Noble Phantasm like that at the beginning has merit in case we were intruders, to pull it out
frivolously like that is another matter entirely.”
“Hey, you’re the first guests we’ve had in literally ever here!” Astolfo snapped. “I needed to
make a good impression! It wouldn’t do for a Paladin of Charlemagne to show anything but
my best, after all!”
“Okay, knock it off, all of you,” Morgana interjected. His already frayed patience was a hair
away from snapping as is yet again – they were running out of time. “I’ll explain what’s
going on here.” With that, he launched into a quick summary of precisely what was going on:
Who they were, the singularity, the situation with the United Roman Empire, and (part of)
their counterattack. “We heard there were goddesses here so we were looking to recruit
them,” he concluded. “Or failing that, at least make sure it won’t be something that will bite
us in the butt later. So that’s why we’re here.”
Stheno looked deep in thought throughout the entire explanation. “It would appear that you
are laboring under some misunderstandings – unsurprising given the nature of the people
here,” she sighed. She held up a finger. “First of all, there is only one goddess here – myself.
The other two are not goddesses in the slightest.”
That sounded about right – Astolfo had declared herself a Paladin of Charlemagne, which
Morgana vaguely remembered from Ren’s studies. With how she treated her hippogriff, it
was more likely she was some kind of knight as opposed to a goddess. And if Tamamo Cat
was anything like Tamamo, then she was definitely something else – not human, but certainly
not a goddess either. She did declare herself as one out of nine though. He’d have to ask her
about that later on, assuming he could get a straight answer.

“Second, if you come to seek help from me, you are wasting your time,” Stheno continued.
“Despite my status as a goddess, as a martial force, I’m quite weak. So much so that being
summoned here as a Servant actually upgrades my capabilities – though not enough to be of
any assistance in fighting.” That… was a new one. Morgana certainly didn’t expect that kind
of explanation. He looked over in askance over at Archer and Rider.
“Normally, gods cannot be summoned as Servants,” Archer informed the Phantom Thief.
“And when they do, their abilities are drastically reduced to accommodate their Servant
containers. The fact that her abilities are elevated when she’s summoned as a Servant despite
being a goddess… it speaks volumes.”
Morgana blinked, but then came to a chilling realization. “Wait,” he slowly said. “Does that
mean Loki could be worse?”
Archer responded with a humorless smile. “Much,” he confirmed simply.
The catlike Master frowned in concern before glancing over at Medusa. “Rider,” he called
out, softening his tone a bit. It was rare to see her so shaken up like this. It was best he didn’t
push her too hard and just get what info he needed. “Can Stheno not really help us?”
Medusa glanced up for a second before giving the slightest of nods. “That is correct, Master,”
she murmured, a sense of her usual decorum returning. “My sisters are not capable of
combat. As such it… it fell to me to protect them.” Well, Morgana could understand that.
However, he knew there was something there she wasn’t telling them. He wasn’t going to
push her on it though – he could only hope it wasn’t something that would screw them over
in the long run.
A soft giggle once more grabbed his attention. He turned to see Stheno smirking still.
“Indeed, truly amusing that you answer to this cat as a Master,” she commented. “It seems I
will need you to put you in your proper place, Meduseless.”
That was when Morgana had all he could stomach of Stheno. He marched up and held up his
paw, where his Command Seals were embedded. “Yeah, I’m a Master,” he snarled. “And my
name is Morgana! I thought we’d be dealing with someone more reasonable, but I should’ve
known this would happen from the moment I heard the word ‘goddess’! What the hell’s your
deal anyway? You’re just on this island doing nothing!”
He pointed to Medusa. “And what was that nickname for Rider anyway?!” he demanded.
“Did you actually call her ‘Meduseless’?! She’s been nothing but beyond awesome countless
times just in this singularity alone! I don’t know where you get off calling her that and
disrespecting her but frankly, you need to learn your manners and get your eyes checked,
you-“
“Perhaps we should get to the point of why we’re here, Master,” Archer interrupted quietly
with a small smirk. “Before our Rider explodes.”
“Silence, Archer,” Medusa grumbled.

Morgana turned to look and saw that although Rider was trying to stand stoically as always,
her face had taken a surprising shade of red he hadn’t seen before. As for the other two
Servants, they were literally just looking between all of them like it was a particularly
interesting tennis match. The four Romans were right beside the boat, hands still close to
their gladii, ready to draw as necessary while warily eyeing everyone.
The catlike being let out a deep sigh, trying to rein in his temper. While he could easily
continue his tirade, it would be useless. This goddess most likely wouldn’t bother listening
anyway. Huffing a breath, he glanced over at Astolfo and Tamamo Cat. “What about you
guys?” he asked. “Can you help out?”
Tamamo Cat thought about it for a second, then grinned. “Sure! It was getting boring here
anyway, woof!” she chirped.
Astolfo beamed. “I’ve always been curious about the Roman Empire!” she remarked
cheerfully. “I’ll gladly come along! And I can even hold my own in a fight! Everyone wins!”
With that, a wave of relief surged over Morgana. Their trip hadn’t been fruitless after all.
They had recruited two more Servants including a Paladin. Morgana would have to read up
on what actual Paladins are but if they were anything like what he saw from Futaba’s games,
Astolfo was most likely going to be a very powerful ally. He wasn’t too sure about Tamamo
Cat. However, if she was anything like Tamamo, then she would be valuable too. She seemed
a touch unreliable though.
Meanwhile, Tamamo Cat sneezed. “Someone’s thinking something rude about me, woof,”
she grumbled.
Morgana blinked in surprise. Brushing off the odd coincidence, he glared at Stheno. “So, is
there anything else?” he snapped. “Otherwise, we need to get going.”
Stheno looked down at Morgana, seemingly pondering something. “Hm, well, you do seem
capable enough,” she murmured. “In that case, as my way of apology for my rudeness, allow
me to tell you something.” The girl lifted a slender arm and pointed down the coast. “There is
a cave down the shore there,” she said. “The treasure within is quite useless for a goddess like
me, but perhaps you would be able to make use of it. I give it to you freely.”
The Master blinked in surprise as he looked in the direction she pointed. However, something
about this seemed off. “Just like that?” he asked skeptically. “There’s just a treasure sitting in
a cave for the taking?”
“Just like that,” Stheno confirmed. “Do not doubt the word of a goddess, cat. It ill becomes
you.”
“I told you, my name is Morgana,” he growled. He stared down the coast again,
contemplating. While he had little reason to trust Stheno’s word, she didn’t seem to be lying
about there being a treasure. Alright, he could feel the all too familiar shivers of excitement
through his body at the mere thought of it, but he held himself in check. At the very least, he
couldn’t let this goddess see he was eager for the treasure.

He glanced back at Stheno, who was eyeing him with detached curiosity. Still, that didn’t
mean he trusted her whatsoever. And there were the four Roman soldiers standing there
around the boat, looking increasingly uncomfortable being surrounded by so many inhuman
beings. He doubted they would try to leave without the rest of them – they were being
monitored by the legate’s ship off the coast – but he wouldn’t exactly blame them if they did.
“Archer,” he called out. “Can you stay here for now and keep an eye on the boat and the
soldiers?”
The red-mantled hero nodded. “Of course, Master,” he replied easily. He stepped closer to the
boat as he fixed a sharp stare at the goddess, who didn’t seem to particularly care much. Still,
judging from how they sagged in relief, his presence lifted a weight off the soldiers’ minds.
Morgana nodded in satisfaction. Archer wouldn’t tolerate it if Stheno so much as put a toe
out of line – it was a good choice.
“Rider, Tamamo Cat, Astolfo,” he continued, glancing at each of the other Servants. “Do you
mind coming with for this treasure?”
All three nodded. “By your will,” Rider accepted once more.
“Sure! Treasure hunt time!” Astolfo cheered.
“Treasure hunt, woof!” Tamamo Cat echoed happily.
… Suddenly, Morgana felt far less sure about his choices. But he could at least talk to the
other two and gain a better measure of them, despite how weird they were. With that done, he
began walking down the beach towards the cave. “Wait,” Stheno called out, once more
attracting Morgana’s attention – and his ire once more. “One more misunderstanding you
labor under, if you hadn’t noticed already.” A smirk spread across Stheno’s face. “Astolfo is
male.”
The catlike being could only blink multiple times as he turned to look at the very pretty, very
effeminate looking Astolfo. “…. What,” he commented flatly.
Astolfo cheerfully nodded. “It’s true!” she – or rather he - confirmed. “I can even show I’m a
guy to you if you like!”
Morgana blinked multiple times again before turning to Rider and Archer. “What,” he
repeated.
“Astolfo is recorded in history as a male,” Archer pointed out. “Cases like Artoria tend to be
exceptions rather than the norm. And in this case, it is accurate – he’s indeed a man.”
“My sister normally has no love for men,” Rider noted. “However, Astolfo’s mannerisms
may have rendered him tolerable enough for her. Your confusion is understandable, Master.”
The catlike being stared at the two Servants. Then looked at Astolfo. Then looked over at
Stheno. Then looked over at the Romans, who were evidently as confused and shocked as he

was by this revelation. Then he finally looked at Astolfo again. In the end, there was only one
thing he could possibly say.
“What.”
---------The trek to the cave didn’t take all too long. It wasn’t too far down the shore nor was it hard
to find: a cave sitting at the foot of a small hill. Morgana took point as a scout, keeping a
close eye for any signs of ambushes, tracks, or anything of the sort. He also kept an eye on
the Servants that came with him. Neither Tamamo Cat and Astolfo seem to have any
particular malicious designs or plots (in fact, Morgana wasn’t sure they had enough brain
cells to do so). They were friendly and straightforward enough despite everything. All he
needed to do was see how they handled themselves on the field.
Glancing past them, he saw Rider bringing up the rear. Although he trusted Rider, she was
definitely on edge ever since meeting with Stheno. They never really asked about their
Servants’ backstories for the most part – it just felt like they were intruding. Sure, they could
read up on it in the library or in Chaldea’s databases, but just the fact that the legendary King
Arthur was female already told them not to rely too heavily on them for information. It was
clear that to get to the bottom of things, he would have to talk to Rider.
But how was he going to address it with her…?
He shook his head. It was a discussion he’d have to bring up when they were in a safer area.
For now, they needed to secure the treasure and get out of here. Frankly, being in a cramped
cave like this gave him the heebie jeebies, like a shadow was going to pop out any second.
His catlike eyes thankfully barely required any illumination to function, allowing him to see
in the dark. Judging by how the Servants were moving, they didn’t need lights either,
meaning they could easily move around without alerting anyoneA sudden crash from right behind him caused him to whirl around, drawing out his slingshot
to aim at the offending noise – only to find that it was Astolfo who had faceplanted right into
the ground. “Sorry, tripped!” he cheerfully admitted from the ground before bouncing back
up.
“It’s not a good fighting place for a knight,” Tamamo Cat cheerily observed. “But it’s no
match for the brave Tamamo Cat, woof!” So she declared before taking a step forward into a
puddle, and proceeded to faceplant herself into said puddle splashing water. The sounds of
their crashing echoed down the cavern, to Morgana’s horror. He could only look over at Rider
in pure shock as Rider looked up with a similar expression on her face.
“Could you two be quiet for one second?!” Morgana hissed as he pulled out his slingshot,
aiming it down the cave. Nobody moved an inch, waiting to see if anything was approaching.
A few seconds passed, and all they could hear was the dripping of water from the ceiling. The
catlike being breathed a sigh of relief as he lowered his slingshot.
“Either we got really lucky or there’s an ambush being set up ahead of us now,” he grumbled.
“We’re continuing forward. But this time we’re gonna do it quietly.” At the last word, he

glared at both Astolfo and Tamamo Cat who both at least had the decency to look slightly
ashamed as they nodded. With that, they proceeded onward. To the two’s credit, they could
be surprisingly quiet when they wanted to be – a boon as Morgana’s and Tamamo Cat’s ears
twitched, trying to pick up any more sound. So far, nothing.
Before long, the cave opened up into a large corridor. Stalactites and stalagmites littered
throughout the cave, some so long that they had fused together in the middle – a testament to
countless years gone by without disturbance. Even with Morgana’s catlike eyes, it was hard
to peer into farther edges and shadows. For all he knew, the cave opened up even further into
side corridors. It was impossible to see without getting closer, something Morgana wasn’t
about to do whatsoever. There was an old musty smell throughout the cave, though it was
impossible to tell where it was coming from. It must have been here some time.
And sitting innocuously in the middle was a non-descript treasure chest.
While Morgana normally would be a sucker for treasure, this kind of setup couldn’t scream
‘trap’ any louder than if it had gigantic neon signs all around it declaring such. “Keep an eye
out, guys,” he murmured. “Something doesn’t feel right.” The Servants all nodded as they
immediately spread out, weapons out (or in Tamamo Cat’s, case, claws bared). They slowly
approached the chest, looking out for any traps: any trip wires, pressure platforms, or loose
rocks that would fall on their heads.
After an agonizing amount of time, they reached the chest. Morgana didn’t take any chances
– transforming his slingshot back into a scimitar, he tapped the chest at multiple points,
listening for any signs of machinery. He checked for any extraneous hinges, any weight traps
underneath the chest, or anything that felt like it shouldn’t be. Finally, he got to opening the
chest. It was unlocked, allowing Morgana to slide the blade underneath the lid and slowly
open it, checking for strings that would trigger traps or even teeth and saliva.
The one time he played Dark Souls over at Futaba’s house would never leave his mind.
Finally, he opened it. As Morgana hopped into the chest to retrieve the treasure, the Servants
closed in to protect him, with Astolfo and Tamamo Cat taking none-too-subtle glances over
to see what it was. The catlike being looked around and found… a singular, small bag.
Frowning, he picked it up, loosening the cord that kept it closed. And inside he found no
gold, artifacts, relics, or anything that seemed remotely valuable.
Just… seeds.
Morgana frowned in consternation as he began sifting through the seeds, seeing if there was
anything buried underneath. He even shook it to try and see if there was anything else. But
no, it was just seeds. “Are… are you kidding me?” he muttered in sheer disbelief. “That’s it?
Just seeds? Nothing else?” Setting aside the little sack, he immediately began checking and
feeling around the chest, seeing if there were any hidden compartments or holes he might
have missed. However, there were none. The chest only held the small bag of seeds.
“Well, that was… anticlimactic,” Astolfo commented with a pout. “I thought it would be
heaps of gold or a weapon or something. Oh well.”

“Maybe the treasure is the friends we made along the way, woof?” Tamamo Cat suggested.
Morgana shot Tamamo Cat a glare before sighing despondently. “Well, we can give this to
some farmers or something,” he muttered in resignation, picking up the little bag of seeds
before hopping out of the chest. He glanced over at Rider. “Did you have any idea this would
happen?” he asked out of curiosity.
Rider paused for a second before sighing, looking slightly exasperated. “My sisters are
known for their pranks,” she admitted. “The treasure could’ve just as easily been something
valuable as it is useless. My apologies for not informing you sooner. My thoughts were…
preoccupied.”
The catlike being felt his anger drain away at Rider’s excuse. He waved it off. “Ah, don’t
worry about it, I get it,” he accepted easily enough. Even he could tell the normally
unflappable Rider was shaken up by seeing her sister once more and as much as he wanted
answers, it wasn’t the time for it. “Well, we got what we came for, so let’s get out of-“
Suddenly, Rider rushed forward and kicked Morgana off to the side, sending him flying. His
light body bounced roughly off the stone ground as he crashed. He looked up and was about
to yell what the big idea was when he saw what was going on – and the words died in his
throat as his indignation turned to horror.
A giant beast had lunged from the shadows, smashing the old chest to splinters. It had the
head and claws of a lion, the body of a goat with a goat head sticking out, and instead of a
tail, there was a black snake. It only took a glance for Morgana to figure out what the creature
was: A chimera, one of Greek mythology’s most infamous monsters. But that wasn’t
important right now.
What was important was the fact that the chimera’s maw had closed on Rider, one of its fangs
piercing through her arm and into body, just barely missing the belly. Rider herself
desperately held her ground and pushed hard against the creature’s jaw, preventing it from
biting any further – a feat she would’ve failed in had Astolfo and Tamamo Cat not charged in
an instant later, shoving the chimera off her with hard blows and luring it away.
“Rider!” Morgana cried in a panic as he raced forward to the Rider’s side, who struggled to
stay standing. “Zorro!” The musketeer persona burst into form once more behind him – and
distracted the other two Servants who stared wide-eyed before nearly being bowled over by
the chimera, forcing their attention back into the fight.
The persona rapidly drew a pattern with his rapier. A green glow surrounded Rider as her
wounds rapidly closed up. However, she still looked incredibly pale and haggard. “P-poison,”
Rider rasped out.
Morgana cursed quietly. Right, he recalled in Ren’s studies of mythology that the chimera
was venomous as well, combined with its fiery breath – a fact that was also proven by how it
breathed out a plume of flames, lighting up the cave. Thankfully, both Astolfo and Tamamo
Cat were doing an admirable job of keeping the chimera and its fire away from the two of
them.

With a quick mental command, Zorro drew another pattern and another green light
surrounded Rider, curing her of the chimera’s venom. Morgana took a shaky breath. Both the
healing and the curing took more out of him than he expected but he was still ready to go.
Besides, watching Rider carefully stand back up, he knew it was worth it. “You alright,
Rider?” he concernedly asked.
Rider nodded shortly. “Better, thanks to you, Master,” she replied before summoning her
spikes once more. “Orders?”
Morgana glanced back at the cave entrance as he thought furiously. They could just simply
escape that way, maybe even bring the cave down on the chimera on their way out. The
Servants would most likely be fast enough to escape with Rider carrying him on the way out.
Perhaps if they even got far enough, the chimera would simply give up and head back to its
lair so they wouldn’t have to fight altogether.
Another plume of flames, however, quickly invaded his thoughts. Right – they still had the
four Roman soldiers with them right now. They would stand absolutely no chance against
such a monster and would be killed. Its fiery breath would also burn their boat into ashes. No
doubt Evander could send another boat to get them off the island if necessary, but it would
still take time either way and it was extremely risky.
Then he thought back to Stheno and remembered something that turned his blood turn to ice.
Evander had told them that one of locals never returned. If he made it here, what had Stheno
done to him? Did she also send him here as well, where he was killed by the chimera? Or
possibly subject him to a worse fate? Did Tamamo Cat or Astolfo know about the missing
local?
One thing was for sure though: There was almost no way Stheno couldn’t have known about
the chimera. She had to have sent them here deliberately.
He gritted his teeth as rage filled his diminutive body. He was beyond done with Stheno and
frankly, he was more than happy to deprive her of such a beast. Besides, if left alone, who
knows how much more damage it would cause before someone could – if someone ever did –
bring it to heel? No, they were currently here, and they had the ability to deal with this
situation. He knew what they had to do.
“We can’t let this thing live,” Morgana ground out. “Rider, work with Astolfo and Tamamo
Cat! We’re taking this thing out!”
Rider gave a short nod before pouncing in. The chimera was just about to claw at Tamamo
Cat before Rider’s spikes shot forward, piercing its paw and dragging it off course. The fox
girl didn’t miss the opportunity – with a loud ‘Nya!’, she jumped in and bashed the chimera’s
head with her large paw, knocking it aside as it roared in pain. Astolfo ran around and swung
at the snake tail – and had to beat a hasty retreat as it lashed out, barely missing him. All the
while, Morgana observed, watching for an opening.
This wouldn’t be easy.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here again:
https://discord.gg/GkBp67mg

Chapter 63: Conflict of Interest
Chapter Summary

Things go from bad to worse.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The cavern was a surprisingly large area. It could easily fit a large house within with no
issues, with very few obstacles aside from some stalagmites and stalactites. Any side
corridors were obscured by shadows that leaped and danced with each gout of flame that
blasted by, briefly illuminating the area. Such a cave could serve multiple purposes: A place
to settle for an evening or even live, a beast’s den, a camp, and many more. Overall, it was a
rather ideal location for many things.
None of which was conducive to the fight. The large size of the chimera made even such an
enormous cavern feel claustrophobic, and its flaming breath didn’t help either. The three
Servants danced around it, trying to land decent hits on it. However, the first problem was
that the chimera didn’t have a blind spot; all three of its heads – the lion, the goat, and the
snake – moved and operated independently of each other. Each one could easily keep track of
a Servant, maneuvering or countering their attacks as necessary.
The second was that the beast was surprisingly experienced. Its movements were deliberate,
making sure that it wouldn’t be flanked easily or if it was, the Servants couldn’t take easy
advantage of it. Looking at it closely, Morgana could see a good number of scars on it. It
wasn’t some stripling they could easily take down – the creature had been through some
battles and learned through hardship.
All the while, the catlike Master had moved to the shadows, quietly observing and looking
for an opening. Even with all its advantages, the three Servants were fully occupying its
attention – someone as small and comparatively less threatening like him was utterly
disregarded. That was fine by him. Something like this didn’t require brawn and brute force
but a bit more finesse.
And luckily, he had that in spades.
Loading a special pellet into his slingshot, he hopped out of cover and fired, aiming at the
goat head. His shot struck home, blasting in the creature’s face as the broken ammo burst in a
prana explosion. It did little overall damage but it was enough to distract the goat head, which
whirled around, roaring – and allowing Rider, who had been dealing with that particular
head, to charge in and stab it with her spikes. The goat head roared again in pain and breathed
out another gout of fire, forcing her back.

Morgana cursed. That barely did anything. “We need another plan!” he called out to them as
he kept eyeing desperately for an opening or weak point he could exploit. “I’m open to
suggestions!”
Rider gritted her teeth. “All of you, back away!” she called out. Astolfo and Tamamo Cat
glanced over but decided to take her at her word and disengaged the chimera. The beast’s
heads roared in unison, each one keeping its eyes trained on its enemies as it regrouped and
got back its bearings – and therefore was standing still. With that, Rider reached up and took
off her blindfold, opening her closed eyes. Immediately, the chimera froze on the spot, its
muscles quivering as it used every bit of its bestial strength to move.
The Master watched in surprise at what was going on, then glanced down and his eyes
widened even further. From the feet up, the chimera was turning to stone. Bit by bit, its flesh
hardened and turned grey as it turned to rock. The beast could only struggle, its fierce roars
turning into panicked yowls through its locked jaws as it struggled in vain to break away.
Morgana could only watch in horrific fascination as the beast was petrified. Out of the corner
of his eye, he could see Tamamo Cat and Astolfo watching with the same expression as what
he felt.
However, it didn’t hold for long enough. The goat head forced its jaw open and breathed out
a fog of dark vapor, which bounced off the cave ceiling and descended on Rider. The purplehaired Servant glanced up and was forced to leap away, breaking eye contact with the
chimera as it began moving again, even fiercer than before. However, that didn’t mean it had
been for nothing: a good portion of its front legs were turned to stone, rendering the creature
much clumsier. Before any of them could do anything to capitalize on it, however, the
chimera turned tail and ran, vanishing down a side corridor.
Morgana blinked with surprise, listening to the creature’s footsteps become softer and softer
before vanishing. Summoning Zorro, the persona created a gust of wind that blew away the
dark fog the chimera breathed. The quiet that descended on them was eerie compared to the
din of combat just moments ago. “Everyone alright?” he called, looking over at the Servants
– and seeing Rider collapse on her knees. “Rider!” he cried in a panic as he raced over.
Rider was panting for breath, her blindfold already back on and secured. She glanced up at
Morgana as he approached worriedly. “I’m fine, Master,” she reassured him quietly as she
stood up, her legs shaky. “I thank you for your concern, and once more I thank you for the
healing. Few can treat injuries from a chimera.”
The catlike being nodded before frowning in the direction the chimera fled. “What did you do
to it?” he asked curiously as Astolfo and Tamamo Cat walked up to rejoin them. Thankfully,
the two didn’t look much worse for wear, aside from getting a bit roughed up from the fight.
“I assume you are aware of my legend, Master,” Rider quietly answered. “My gaze can
petrify those that enter it. Man or beast, it matters little, though stronger opponents can resist
it. I was unsure if it would be effective on the chimera but at the very least, it would have a
far more difficult time moving.”
Again, Morgana blinked before realization set in. Right – Rider’s true identity was the
legendary Medusa, the Greek monster infamous for petrifying whoever came to her island.

She was only defeated when Perseus snuck up on her while using a mirror-like shield so he
didn’t look directly at her and thereby avoided her gaze. Though there were a lot of variations
in her myth, one thing that always seemed to be consistent was her being able to petrify
people (though specifics vary), and apparently snakes instead of hair.
He noted Rider’s long, purple hair that cascaded down past her waist and grumbled to
himself. Again, it seemed what gets recorded and what the Servant is are two very different
things. Wasn’t there any particular consistency to this? Or some pattern he could look for?
All he could do at this point was throw up his paws and more or less deal with it as it comes.
Turning to the other two, he glanced between them for any wounds. “What about you two?”
he asked. “Anything that needs healing or curing?”
Astolfo shook his head, smiling brightly. “Nope!” he answered cheerfully. “Fit as a fiddle
here and ready to go!”
Tamamo Cat yawned and licked her paw. “Eh, nothing a good nap won’t cure~” she
remarked nonchalantly as she continued grooming herself.
Morgana nodded. Well, at least that was settled. He turned again to look down the corridor
the chimera escaped to. Now he had a decision: Should they pursue or just leave? On one
hand, they got what they came for, even if it was worthless. They could easily just head out
and continue on their mission. The chimera was on an isolated island anyway and couldn’t
cross the seas. On the other, a large monster like this shouldn’t be so easily left alone,
especially if it was to be a plaything of Stheno’s. Any sailors who arrived here would only
find death between the goddess and the monster.
He glanced back at Rider, who was starting to recover her stamina, and clicked his tongue in
irritation. His mind was made up. “No sense sticking around and risk getting hurt,” he
declared. “Not when we’ve a schedule to keep. We’re withdrawing!” All the Servants nodded
as they immediately fell into formation, making sure they weren’t ambushed by the chimera
or by anything else as they began walking back up the cave.
As they walked, Morgana felt his temper worsening. Stheno had sent them into a cave to pick
up some treasure that turned out to just be a bunch of seeds. And they were ambushed by a
chimera who also harmed Rider considerably. If it weren’t for the two new Servants, Rider
could’ve died. Still, the fact that both Astolfo and Tamamo Cat didn’t even hesitate to jump
in and fight their hardest without so much as a complaint won a lot of good will with him
overall. As ditzy as they were, they were good people and valuable allies. At least they
wouldn’t be walking away with nothing.
Nevertheless, he was still annoyed.
“Master? A word.”
The soft voice of Rider drew Morgana’s attention. The catlike being withheld his anger as he
turned toward the Servant. “What’s up, Rider?” he asked. Astolfo and Tamamo Cat and stood
off to the side, quiet. Even they knew not to interfere here.

She was quiet for a second. “What do you intend to say to my sister?” she asked quietly.
Morgana froze for a second, then laughed abashedly. Ah, right – he was rather obvious with
his emotions, wasn’t he? As much as he reprimanded Ryuji for not keeping a tighter lid on
his mouth, he was guilty of much the same. Man, he really shouldn’t throw any stones, huh?
“I’m gonna ask what the hell was that,” he replied bluntly. He saw no point in sugarcoating it.
He was beyond irritated on all fronts regarding Stheno, and Rider deserved to know the truth.
“We were led into essentially a death trap for this.” He held up the small bag of seeds for
emphasis. “And you also got hurt in the process, Rider! I’m sorry but I can’t forgive her in
the slightest for pulling this on us!”
“Master, please,” Rider pleaded (a tone Morgana never thought he would hear from her).
“My sister can be… troublesome, but she means well. She has a habit of pranking people
even when we were younger. I ask you not to be so harsh with her.”
The catlike being was silent as Rider pleaded her case. Finally, he spoke. “If that’s her
definition of ‘meaning well’, then she’s worse than I thought,” he growled out. “You got hurt.
If it was just the treasure, fine. If it was just the chimera, fine. But you got hurt because of
her. That’s not something I’m gonna let roll on by. And you shouldn’t either, Rider! You’re
far too amazing to have to deal with crap from her!”
Rider flinched at his words. She knew Morgana well enough to know that he wasn’t the type
to lie, which made it even worse. “Just… please do not be too harsh with her,” she quietly
begged. “That is all I ask, Master.”
Morgana stared up at her, then sighed. “Alright, alright,” he replied resignedly. “I’ll try to
keep my cool around her this time around. I can’t promise any more though.”
The Servant nodded gratefully. “That is all I ask,” she murmured. With that, they began
walking back up again, with both Rider and Morgana taking the lead and the other two
following close behind – who are looking between the two with some curiosity. “They are
pretty weird, aren’t they, Tama?” Astolfo noted, keeping quiet so they wouldn’t hear.
“They are, woof,” Tamamo Cat admitted. She was oddly quiet by her standard, a fact that
Astolfo picked up on with a raised eyebrow. The intense yet curious stare from her at
Morgana also didn’t escape his attention.
“Uh, Tama?” he asked uncertainly. “You alright? You’re kinda scaring me here.”
Tamamo Cat smiled widely again. “I do not know what you mean,” she commented
nonchalantly as she began walking again, leaving a rather nonplussed Astolfo gaping behind
her.
Meanwhile, Medusa, with her excellent hearing, picked up every word they had said.
Morgana, as preoccupied with his thoughts as is, didn’t. This was an odd development that
may prove to be troublesome for her Master later down the line. Perhaps she should inform
him about this new situation brewing.

A smirk formed on her lips. Or alternatively, simply sit back and watch in amusement. It was
harmless enough. Despite everything, she was still one of the Gorgon sisters – and the trio
did so enjoy their pranks.
---------Morgana blinked as the sunlight met his eyes once more, forcing him to blink several times
and squint as his pupils adjusted to the glare. Despite only spending a short time
underground, the sunlight already felt extraordinarily bright. It was a familiar sensation – it
reminded him of when he and the Phantom Thieves stepped out of Mementos. The dark
gloom of Tokyo’s collective unconsciousness always contrasted sharply with the warm sun in
the real world.
Glancing down the beach, he could see the others in the distance – the four soldiers still at the
boat, maintaining what appeared to be their vigilance, though he could see one of them yawn
loudly. Archer looked relaxed overall, though his body was coiled, ready to spring at a
moment’s notice. Stheno was the most obvious with her boredom however, casually swinging
her legs while sitting on her rock.
Seeing her looking relaxed and even bored only stirred Morgana’s ire further. For Rider’s
sake, he tried to rein in his anger, to extremely limited success. As they marched up, Stheno
glanced over and blinked in surprise. “Oh?” she remarked in mild surprise. “You’re
unscathed. Even during my time, chimeras were considered a menace to most. Well, I
suppose it matters little in the end. I was hoping my little prank bore more fruit.”
And Morgana lost it. “You sent us into a death trap… on purpose?!” he hissed, practically
shivering from sheer rage. “You knew there was a chimera in there and you sent us into its
lair without telling us anything?! All for a bag of seeds?!?”
Stheno blinked. “Oh, so that’s what was in that chest,” she remarked with mild surprise. “It
didn’t seem particularly valuable, but humans have always been peculiar about their habits
and possessions. I must say however even for me, seeds are odd things to place in a chest.”
The words fanned Morgana’s temper more. Rider looked between the two, panicked, while
Archer’s eyes narrowed in confusion and wariness. The four Romans were just watching in
confused, stunned silence, not willing to draw the attention of anyone toward them. They
weren’t fools.
“That’s it?” he snarled. “That’s it?! Your trap nearly got us killed, even if it wasn’t for Rider,
I would’ve died, and she herself almost would’ve gotten killed for it if Tamamo Cat and
Astolofo hadn’t stepped in! We risked life and limb for a non-existent treasure, fighting a
mythological beast that nearly killed all of us, and that’s all you can say?!”
At the reprimand, Stheno’s eyes flashed with anger. “What?!” she snapped. “Meduseless got
hurt?!” She immediately looked over at Medusa, who was standing nearby refusing to meet
her gaze, looking like she wanted to be anywhere but here. The girl’s eyes immediately
scanned her for any wounds, something Morgana immediately noticed.

“Oh, you’re concerned for her now?” he asked incredulously. “A little too late for that! I was
able to patch her up, even dealt with the chimera venom too! It wasn’t beyond my skill, but if
things had gone any worse, there was a possibility she would’ve died! Ever consider that?!”
“Then it would be because you were incompetent,” Stheno retorted, her eyes filled with
venom as she whirled back on Morgana. “Your greed and carelessness nearly lead to my dear
sister getting killed. She is worth more than a thousand of your insignificant kind. And you
have the nerve to lecture me? You are lucky dear Meduseless has vouched for you and she
stands here still, else I would do all I can to slay you where you stand.”
The accusation stung both Morgana’s temper and pride. “Incompetent?!” he screeched.
“What does competency have to do with any of this?! I made sure we were careful and stayed
on guard despite you not warning us about anything, but how was I supposed to expect a
chimera to drop on us?! Oh wait, we couldn’t, because you didn’t tell us!”
Stheno scoffed. “And why would it be my business to tell you anything?” she questioned.
“You were the one who greedily dropped everything to go after a treasure like a witless fool.
My dear sister had to save you and got hurt in the process. It seems Meduseless is fine now,
but regardless, the fault clearly lies with you. I should have known a furball like you would
only trouble her.”
Morgana’s mouth almost dropped as his paws clenched into fists. The other Servants and the
Romans were silent, though all of them were ready to move at a moment’s notice. She had
the nerve – the absolute nerve – to put the blame on him?! When she was the one who sent
them into a death trap with no information and no reward on a whim?! He could’ve been
more cautious, sure, but Stheno knew about the chimera and chose not to tell them!
With a wild scream of rage from Morgana, Zorro appeared in a flash of blue flame – large,
towering, and menacing, looming over the girl reeled back in surprise. The Persona still held
his perpetual grin, but there was a dark tinge to it, reflecting the sheer anger of his other self.
Medusa immediately raced forward to stop him, only to be stopped by Archer.
Before anyone else could do anything, Zorro traced a pattern with his rapier and sent a
violent gust of cutting winds… right past Stheno, slicing countless trees as it blew right by.
The persona faded away, and the next moment was nothing but sounds of trees and branches
falling onto the ground. Then the din quieted, and all that was left were the waves splashing
up against the beach.
Finally, Morgana turned away from Stheno. “We’re leaving,” he stated quietly. “The four of
you, get the boat ready to sail out. We’re heading back to the ship. Archer, Rider, Astolfo,
Tamamo Cat, let’s go.”
Everyone blinked for a second, then nodded as Morgana began marching back to the boat,
not even looking back once at the nonplussed girl still sitting in shock at what just happened.
Morgana’s tone brooked absolutely no argument. Even Archer was surprisingly quiet
afterward, only glancing at Stheno to make sure she didn’t try anything. Medusa, on the other
hand, was completely silent. Despite herself, she still moved with Morgana.

Morgana, however, simply stood on the beach watching the soldiers push the boat back into
the water. The circuits in his body burned with the usage of Zorro, both for healing Rider and
for creating the Garudyne as a way to vent. His anger slowly drained and hardened within
him, turning from a blazing inferno that possessed his body into a cold, miserable pit that
burned within his gut. He felt the presence beside him and without even turning, he knew
who it was. “I’m sorry,” he murmured. “I made a promise, and I couldn’t keep it. I let my
temper get the best of me.”
Medusa glanced in surprise, then gently shook her head. “There is nothing to apologize for,
Master,” she replied. “My sister can be… difficult at times. I thank you for your restraint and
for… for not harming her.” She had a near panic attack when Archer held her back from
interfering, but evidently the red-mantled hero knew Morgana better than she did – especially
watching the winds howl right past Stheno when he could’ve easily harmed her. Her Master
was emotional, but not normally given to passion in such a manner.
And it was on her behalf. The treasure and chimera were part of it, but he made it clear he
wouldn’t nearly be so angry if she hadn’t been hurt. She wasn’t sure what to make of it.
Morgana gave a humorless chuckle. “Nah,” he replied. “I wasn’t gonna hurt her – even if she
was irritating as all get out.” Granted, he was sorely tempted, but he decided not to voice that
opinion for Rider’s sake. He glanced over at Tamamo Cat and Astolfo standing nearby before
looking at the bag of seeds once more. In terms of material, it wasn’t overall a bad haul.
But still, something Stheno said stuck with him. Apparently, some people just dropped a
dilapidated chest with just a bunch of seeds within. It wasn’t like the chest had been looted
and reused either. Why would someone just drop off a small bag of seeds? The question
niggled at his mind, and his instincts stirred. There was something more to these seeds.
Asking Stheno was a fool’s errand – even if she knew, she probably wouldn’t tell him, and he
wouldn’t want to hear it anyway. It was probably better to ask Chaldea once they got back to
the ship.
“Ne… ro…..!”
Morgana froze, his fur standing on end. The voice was masculine and labored, but
nevertheless unmistakable. “Master!” Archer called out as he summoned his bow and a
sword , which lengthened into an arrow. Whirling about, the catlike Master saw the source of
the voice: the Berserker that had been at the camp back in Sicily. He was dripping wet,
seaweed clinging to his hair and armor as he shambled towards them. Under normal
circumstances, he would look comical.
However, the man’s eyes - burning red pupils pronounced by black sclera - were filled with
utter madness and determination. There was nothing to laugh about with this Servant; he was
there to make sure all of them were dead. “Nero…!” he rasped again, his voice growing
stronger as his gaze rove around to everyone nearby, seeking his target.
The catlike being cursed and turned to the four Romans, who were paralyzed in terror. “Get
back to the ship, NOW!” he ordered.

At the sound of his voice, the Berserker’s eyes immediately locked onto Morgana.
“NEROOOO!!!!” he roared as he immediately charged, his powerful legs churning up the
sand as he moved in at inhuman speeds. Archer loosed his arrow, but to his surprise the
Berserker tilted his head to the side, dodging it. Morgana, expecting the Berserker’s response,
barely jumped to the side in time to dodge as the mad Servant flew past him.
“GO!!!” Morgana roared. The four Romans immediately shook themselves out of their terror
and hastily got back into the rowboat. Within moments, they were rowing for their lives away
from the battle. The Berserker most likely wouldn’t go after them but it was better to make
sure. “Hey, you missed, ya big lug!” he called out tauntingly. “All that seawater drown your
brains too? Not like you had any to drown in the first place!”
“NEEEROOOOO!!!” the Berserker roared in near incomprehensible rage before charging
again. This time, however, the Servants were more than ready. Archer immediately shot
another arrow, this time aiming for the sand directly in front of the Berserker’s feet, crater it
and causing the mad Servant to trip up for just a moment – enough time for Tamamo Cat to
charge in and bat him aside while Rider’s spikes dragged him away once more. Astolfo
charged in, sword raised to stab down at the BerserkerUntil the Berserker rapidly dragged himself to his feet despite Rider pulling and grabbed the
sword, yanking it away. Astolfo’s blade cut into his hand as a result, sending rivulets of blood
flowing down, but the Berserker took no notice. Instead, he stepped in and delivered a harsh
headbutt to Astolfo, causing the Paladin to reel back in pain, dazed.
That done, he pulled hard on his arm, dragging Rider toward him. The Berserker reeled his
arm back to punch – only for two curved blades to sink into his back before being followed
by a gust of cutting wind, allowing Rider to pull her spike out and quickly retreat. The four
Servants and Morgana immediately moved around him and surrounded him on all sides.
Despite his throbbing circuits and warming body, he prepared a Heat Riser. They needed to
finish this as fast as they couldSuddenly, the area darkened, much to everyone’s surprise. Morgana looked about, alarmed,
trying to see the cause of the shadow, but found nothing. The sun was somehow gone and he
could barely see the other Servants. The Berserker panted as he held his head.
“Di….ana….” he rasped.
To Morgana’s surprise, a new light began shining: A large moon amidst a starry sky appeared
right above the Berserker, its pale glow illuminating the area. Normally, Morgana liked the
moon and under normal circumstances, he’d consider this beautiful. However, this time, he
felt nothing but dread. Archer drew his bow as Rider readied her spikes to charge in, but not
fast enough.
“G-goddess…” the Berserker groaned out. “I can s-see the g-goddess. Hear… my prayer…”
Suddenly, he roared to the sky in a mad fervor.
“FLUCTICULUS DIANA!!”

The unnatural moon began shining brighter – and suddenly, Morgana gripped his head as it
was assaulted by… something. It felt both knowable and familiar yet completely foreign and
invasive. Taking a deep breath, he calmed himself down as the pressure lessened. The
Berserker had used some sort of Noble Phantasm, that much was clear, and it attacked the
minds of whoever was hit by it. Thankfully, as he expected, having a persona shielded him
from the brunt of it. He still felt it, but he easily shook it off.
Glancing around, however, he noticed he was the only one able to ward it off. Archer, Rider,
Tamamo Cat, and Astolfo were suffering the effects of the moon. Even Stheno, for all her
haughtiness, was cradling her head as she struggled to remain upright. The four Romans
weren’t in sight – they must’ve escaped far enough either in attention or distance. Well, one
less thing to worry about.
“Zorro!” Morgana cried. The persona burst forth once more, drawing the Berserker’s
attention once more. The persona began drawing a pattern with his rapier as the Servant
lunged at Morgana with a wild howl. That was in Morgana’s expectations as he began to
dodge – and his eyes widened with horror as he realized his body wasn’t moving as well as it
should be. It felt like he was stuck in morass.
Once again, everything was in slow motion. All he could do was watch as Zorro finished the
Me Patra spell, resulting in him and his allies emanating a green glow as it took effect.
Meanwhile, the Berserker easily closed the distance with one simple leap, roaring as he
reared his fist back, aiming directly for the catlike being’s head. And all he could do was
watch as Archer leaped in front, Kanshou and Byakuya crossed, to intercept. The Berserker’s
fist flew forward. The swords were shattered to pieces.
And punctured right through Archer’s gut.
“ARCHER!” Morgana screamed as blood dribbled out of the red-mantled hero’s mouth.
Instead of responding, Archer smirked, grasped hold of the Berserker’s arm and, summoning
Kanshou, sliced down. The Servant roared in pain as the blade lodged a good deal into his
arm. Before the Berserker could retaliate, Rider, Tamamo Cat, and Astolfo charged in and
knocked him away from Archer and re-engaged him.
The catlike Master raced over as the red-mantled hero collapsed on his knees. He stared in
horror at the fist-sized weeping hole in the Servant’s gut. Archer would die if he didn’t act
immediately. “Zorro!” Morgana cried out once more. The persona once more appeared and
traced a pattern with his rapier, suffusing Archer in a green glow. Morgana watched with
relief as the hole closed. However, Archer still didn’t wasn’t in his best condition – and
already, the Master could feel the stiffness of his body return.
He scowled as he glanced over at the moon. So long as the Berserker’s noble phantasm was
there, they were in dire straits. He needed to end this quickly. And he knew just the method.
Morgana raised his paw as his command seals began glowing. “Rider, by my command seal!”
he yelled. “Use your noble phantasm and defeat the enemy Servant!”
The command seal flashed brightly before dimming again, with one part of the seal becoming
dull and lusterless. In contrast, Rider began glowing with a subtle red aura of power. She

backflipped away from the Berserker to gain some distance, allowing both Astolfo and
Tamamo Cat to jump back in and seize his attention. A purple arcane circle appeared around
her body as she bent over, focused on the Berserker. There was a flash of light… And in her
place was a creature of sublime beauty.
Pegasus was one of the most famous mythological beings of all time. Depicted as a pure
white horse with great feathered wings, it had been used long ago to kill the chimera by
shoving a lead-laden spear down its throat. It was born from the blood of Medusa after she
had been beheaded, alongside the warrior Chrysaor. Just about everyone knew of its myth
and majesty, to the point where it could be recognized on sight.
And every single depiction utterly failed to truly capture what stood in front of Morgana now.
The beast that stood there could only be described as wondrous. The white coat of Pegasus
shone brightly, but it wasn’t because of the moonlight. The ethereal glow was coming from
the magnificent being itself. Its wings moved, each flap causing what felt like a hurricane.
The creature’s eyes, normally serene, possessed a rage that mirrored that of the Berserker’s. It
reared and neighed, a sound that commanded everyone’s attention.
Morgana had never seen anything so beautiful and so deadly. Ren had a unicorn and a bicorn
persona, but neither of them came even close to the majesty he saw in front of him.
Mounted on top was Rider, with a bridle made of gold. With a pull of the reins, Pegasus took
to the skies in a blaze of light, reminiscent of a comet. In an instant, it became nothing more
than a twinkling star. Then that star began glowing brightly, more intensely – something
Astolfo and Tamamo Cat both noted and immediately dived away. Tamamo Cat noticed
Morgana staring, transfixed, and immediately grabbed him, holding her to her chest as she
ran.
That immediately shook the catlike being out of his stupor as his mind began working once
more. Normally he’d protest being picked up like this, but he wasn’t going to complain from
escaping the blast radius. Instead, he poked his head up slightly to better comprehend what
was going on.
Rider mounted on Pegasus was something he hadn’t expected or seen before, but it was
fitting for her. He recalled his myths though back from studying with Ren in Shujin how
Pegasus had only one rider in the myths. He rode Pegasus into battle to slay the chimera –
which was ironic given everything that has happened so far, come to think of it. The hero’s
name was“BELLAROPHON!!!”
Rider and Pegasus streaked out of the sky like a meteor made of pure light. The Berserker
only had time to roar in defiance at his oncoming fate. As they collided, there was a
tremendous explosion.
And then all Morgana could see was white.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here:
https://discord.gg/9WGruYSM

Chapter 64: Another Battlefield
Chapter Summary

A sprawling campaign only creates more complications.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Roman ship sat underneath the sunny afternoon of the Mediterranean. Legate Evander
was currently in the captain’s cabin with his officers, going over reports from scouts sailing
in on the retaking of Corsica and Sardinia and debating with senior officers over the next
course of action. Junior officers barked out orders to the rank and file as they busied about –
maintaining the rigging and scorpions, swabbing the decks, and more.
Under normal circumstances, there would be foraging parties sent to the nearby island, but
there had been strict orders that no soldier was to disembark there at any cost – an order the
soldiers were frankly all too happy to follow. After what they had seen and heard from the
detachment that had been sent to the island in the first place, nobody was eager to follow up
on the situation.
The large, blasted out crater on the beach, murky from being freshly filled with seawater, was
more than enough for everyone.
Meanwhile, Morgana sat at the prow of the ship, fishing rod once more in hand with the line
dipping into the waves below. They had sailed out to more open waters, though the Shaped
Isle and the resulting crater was still visible to the keen-eyed among them – at least, among
humans. Archer didn’t count. Speaking of the red-mantled hero, he was currently in spirit
form to conserve energy. He should be fine given Morgana’s powers, but it was better safe
than sorry given the damage he sustained.
And Rider… ever since the Isle, she had been more withdrawn and quieter than usual. The
most she had spoken was to reassure Morgana that she was fine before withdrawing. There
was a lot going on here, but Morgana knew he couldn’t push it. She would reveal it in due
time. And if she didn’t… well, that was her prerogative too. Ren knew better than he did
about these things. He wondered how his best friend would’ve handled it…
As for the Berserker, the battle was over just as suddenly as it started. Once the light had
dimmed down from the collision, the Pegasus was gone, leaving a very tired looking Rider –
and absolutely no sign of the Berserker. A quick check from Archer confirmed it: The
Berserker was defeated, and it was unlikely he was going to show again. Morgana could only
breathe a sigh of relief. If he had to hear the man bellow ‘NERO’ when talking about him
again, he probably would’ve lost it.

Stheno was left on the island. That was perhaps the one thing Morgana and the goddess could
both agree with. Though nobody voiced it out loud, it wasn’t a great loss in any regard, given
her haughty personality and lack of martial skills. Not even Rider voiced a disagreement with
leaving her there. But they picked up both Astolfo and Tamamo Cat in compensation in turn,
both of whom were making themselves equal parts useful and annoying on the ship.
Acting as a flying scout in Astolfo’s case and being a surprisingly damn good chef in
Tamamo Cat’s certainly won them a lot of favor, at least.
The seeds themselves were an oddity. Morgana’s hunch was right – Da Vinci apparently
couldn’t make heads or tails of them in any botanical compendium Chaldea had by visual
data alone. They would need to be sent back for further analysis, which currently wasn’t
doable as Mash was currently on the other side of the Mediterranean with Ren at the moment.
“A shame we couldn’t get our hands on the chimera,” the Uomo Universale pouted. “The
parts would’ve made excellent material for further enhancing your gear.”
“Yeah, kinda figured that,” Morgana sighed. A chimera as experienced as that probably had a
lot of valuable parts they could use. Maybe he should ask Da Vinci for some preservation
bags or something like that for next time – if there was such a next time, anyway.
But now that everything was done, there wasn’t really anything left except to debate what’s
the next immediate step. And while Evander deliberated, Morgana tried to get some sleep – a
fool’s errand as it turned out. Despite his aching, exhausted body, he had been so restless that
no matter how he kneaded his hammock or tried looking for a good position, he couldn’t
catch even a wink.
With his usual habit denied to him, there was nothing for it but to try fishing again. He
considered switching back to his regular form, but considering the superstition about black
cats on ships, he decided it was better safe than sorry. Granted, he was still in a catlike form
but this would be enough leeway, wouldn’t it? At the very least, none of the soldiers or
sailors around him were commenting on it. Besides, it was harder to fish with four legs as
opposed to his more dexterous form.
Morgana sighed as he reflected on everything. It all just felt so… surreal. Sitting here with a
fishing rod in hand on a ship, it felt like everything he just went through was a mere dream or
illusion, no more than a figment of his imagination. Then all it took was a glance down at the
command seals on his paw – and seeing one of them burnt out – that pulled him back to
reality. The seals were supposed to be restored after a full day thanks to Chaldea supplying
them with prana, but that didn’t change the fact that one had been used. And the sheer power
of Rider’s Pegasus…
He once more remembered Ren’s unicorn and bicorn personas. It wasn’t even a close match.
Despite everything, he couldn’t stop thinking about his time in Tokyo. Him and Ren had both
been through a lot and met a lot of people. He had to wonder if Lady Ann would be
impressed with all they went through. After all, they went to medieval France and were
traveling the breadth of Italy. Actually, now that he was thinking about it, they were prime

dating spots! Well, complete destruction and unnatural wars aside, anyway. Lady Ann would
definitely love these locales if he could ever bring her here…
“Well, you were easy to find, woof!”
Morgana blinked out of his reverie as he glanced over to see the grinning face of Tamamo
Cat, holding a makeshift tray of food (and by makeshift, it seemed that she had taken the lid
of a barrel someplace). “Oh hey, Tamamo Cat,” he greeted. While she was a fairly capable
combatant – maybe not on the level of Archer or Rider or even Astolfo, but capable
nevertheless – he wasn’t exactly sure how to deal with her. “What’s going on?”
“Just call me Cat or Tama,” Tamamo Cat replied easily. “But I didn’t see you at breakfast,
woof! You can’t do that – don’t you know breakfast is the most important meal of the day?”
Then she stopped to think. “Or was that some sort of farfetch'd tale to sell more cereal…? Eh,
no matter, woof! Every meal is the most important meal of the day!”
The catlike being blinked again in surprise, then chuckled ruefully. “I honestly wasn’t feeling
that hungry,” he admitted. “But yeah, you’re right – I should eat.” He carefully wedged the
rod on a nearby pile of crates before hopping down onto the deck as Tamamo Cat set down
the tray – and once more, he was caught by surprise yet again.
He had expected the usual cheese, bread, and lentil porridge. What he saw instead was a
surprisingly soft-looking bread (the entire voyage, the bread had been annoyingly hard),
topped with melted cheese with herbs seasoned in. The lentil porridge had some herbs too,
but it also had cheese mixed in.
There was a shower of golden light as Archer appeared, his curiosity piqued by the food.
“Oh? You certainly didn’t spare any expense,” he mused. “How did you get the water
necessary to steam the bread properly?”
Tamamo Cat giggled. “All around you, silly!” she replied, spreading her paws wide open.
Archer glanced over and indeed, they were surrounded by ocean. “You filter it like crazy,
then you boil it and collect the condensation and voila! Fresh water to use! The remaining sea
salt, I used to season the porridge!”
The red-mantled hero blinked with surprise. “And what did you use as a filter?” he asked,
crossing his arms.
“Some old clothes that the Romans weren’t using, woof~” she replied with a grin. “I needed
to wash them at least a dozen times before it could work as a filter, but it worked well
enough!”
Morgana could only blink in surprise. “You went through a lot of work for this, Tama,” he
could only comment. Given who he was, calling her Cat sounded rather wrong, so he opted
for the other option. “I’m sure the other soldiers appreciate it too! Thanks so much!”
The fox-like Servant blinked, tilting her head. “I wasn’t going to filter out that much sea salt
and fresh water for them,” she added. “Too much work. Way too much, woof! They got the
melted cheese and the herbs from me, and I’m happy they’re happy with it!”

For perhaps the umpteenth time, the catlike being was caught by surprise. “I… I see,” he
murmured, glancing back at the food and feeling a cold tingle down his spine. His instincts
were warning him of something incredibly dangerous though he couldn’t exactly pinpoint
what. “So, what’s with the, uh, extra effort? Did you wanna commemorate our alliance,
or…?”
Tamamo Cat stared back at Morgana with a mysterious smile on her face before giggling
again. “Yes, of course,” she replied. “That’s perhaps the best way to put it. I look forward to
working with you, my Master.”
The term caught Morgana off-guard. “Er, I’m not your Master?” he asked questioningly. “At
least, I don’t think you’re contracted to me.” Now that he thought about it, didn’t Roman or
Da Vinci say they could contract with Servants they came across if they were willing to?
There had been so much going on that honestly, they had forgotten.
The Servant shook her head. “No, we are not contracted yet, woof,” she answered. “However,
I believe with your nobility and bravery, you are more than worthy of being called my
Master. Now, please eat – the food is getting cold.”
“Um… alright,” he replied slowly. He wondered at Tamamo Cat’s behavior before shrugging
it off. She had been an odd one to be sure, almost as much as Astolfo albeit, of a different
flavor. Archer had once more vanished into a shower of golden dust as he returned to his
spirit form, leaving the two of them be. For some reason, that only made him feel more
uneasy.
Until he took a bite of the food. The mellowness of the melted cheese complimented the soft
bread amazingly well, practically melting in his mouth. The herbs added a nice hint of flavor
too. It had him almost drooling for more. He tried the porridge. Normally, the porridge was
rather plain, but now there was a delightfully salty flavor to it that complimented the texture
of the porridge and the taste of the cheese extraordinarily well. “What did you add to the
porridge?” he asked in wonder.
Tamamo Cat grinned. “Salt from the sea water I had used earlier!” she explained happily.
“When the water evaporated, it left behind the salt! It’d be a waste to not use something so
useful, so I added it in! Sea salt is a great seasoning for almost any dish, woof! I had to do it
quietly though – Romans go crazy for it, it seems.”
The catlike being opened his mouth to respond when suddenly, a shifting of the rod caught
his attention. He glanced over – and his eyes widened as it jumped out of its perch. He
immediately lunged and grabbed the rod, only to be unable to pull it back in. He would’ve
followed the rod into the sea had Tamamo Cat not also grabbed him at the same time, her
large paws easily wrapping around his diminutive body.
Morgana pulled at the line as Tamamo simultaneously pulled at his body, trying to reel it in.
Whatever was on the other end of the line, it was big. Really big. Frankly, he was surprised
the line or the rod was holding at all. He thought that they would snap like a twig, but frankly
he wasn’t about to dismiss such a blessing. “C-come on, Tama, we g-gotta pull harder!” he
growled under the strain.

“I’m pulling, I’m pulling, woof!” she grunted out. “You can do it, Master! I believe in you~!”
He was about to respond when a jerk on the line seized his attention once more. His paws
were getting sore from how hard he was gripping it, but like hell he was letting go! He only
strengthened his grip, ignoring the strain, and pulled harder. Out of his peripheral vision, he
could see the Roman soldiers gathering to watch, but he couldn’t afford them any attention
right now. His paws were extremely full with this catch – whatever it was.
“Keep pulling!” Archer called out as he appeared on the prow, looking over the ship, his gaze
as intense as if he was staring down his bow. “You almost got it!”
“Master, on the count of three, we pull together, woof! I mean, meow!” Tamamo Cat cried
out.
“Right!” Morgana shouted back. “One, two, THREE!” With that, both of them pulled with all
their might with loud war cries, and Morgana’s quarry burst into the air with a spray of sea
foam. It was a powerful, huge thing, with a broad dorsal fin and a long horn in front.
Morgana gaped at it. “Is that a-“ he gasped.
“That’s a-“ Tamamo Cat said at the same time.
“SWORDFISH!!”
--------“You guys caught a swordfish?”
Roman could only gape as he stared at the holographic image projected, as was Ren and
Ritsu through their own communicators. In the background of Morgana’s transmission, the
fish was strung up, easily dwarfing the average person standing next to it. Roman soldiers
were running to and fro yelling as everyone, even Evander, wanted to look at it. Archer and
the new Servant, Tamamo Cat, were in the midst of a serious discussion on how to cook and
serve it.
“Yeah, even I’m surprised by it,” he commented, glancing back at the swordfish while
scratching his cheek. “I was hoping to catch some tuna, but I’m not gonna complain about a
swordfish.”
“Heh, nope,” Ren commented with a chuckle. “You’ve one-upped me in catches for sure,
Mona. I’ll have to set the record straight if I can ever get to the seas here.”
“Ha! We’ll see about that, Joker!” Morgana cried challengingly before both of them laughed.
After their laughter subsided, Ren turned serious. “How’s Rider?” he asked.
Morgana’s expression furrowed in worry. “She doesn’t wanna talk to anyone right now,” he
replied. “Guess dealing with her sister wasn’t exactly a pleasant experience for her. She’s a
real piece of work, no doubt about that. That stupid cup was honestly only a bit more
frustrating to deal with.”

Ritsu flinched. “Yikes,” she winced. “That bad, huh? Well, you did say we picked up two new
Servants. How are they?”
The catlike being was about to respond when there was a sudden commotion in the
background. Turning around, everyone could see a hippogriff landed on the deck, screeching
as Astolfo was waving and yelling in front of it. “Down Hippy! DOWN!” he shouted. “This
isn’t for you! I’ll try to get you some later but DOWN!” Meanwhile, Tamamo Cat had her
claws bared and crouching, hissing at the hippogriff as she stood protectively in front of the
swordfish. Meanwhile, Archer had his face buried in his hand as the Roman soldiers
struggled to get out of the way – with one or two falling overboard.
All of them could only watch the chaos for a bit before Morgana slowly turned back,
regaining everyone’s attention. “They’re… helpful,” he hesitatingly replied. “That’s, uh, as
much as I can say about them.”
Ren blinked, then shrugged. “Well, you always did have an eye for people, Mona,” he said
with full confidence. “If you think they’ll be helpful, they’ll be helpful.”
Morgana grinned. “Spoken like our leader!” he crowed.
Roman nodded as he turned his gaze over to Ren and Ritsu. “And what about you guys?” he
asked. “What’s your status so far?”
“We’re marching west,” Ritsu reported. “So far, no issues since Leonidas’s forces. Haven’t
seen much of anyone, really. Most of the locals aren’t here – the various towns and villages
we’ve passed by are honestly ghost towns. There didn’t seem to be much fighting, though, but
no supplies either. Nero and the legates are working out how to keep the supply train running
so we’ve had to slow down a bit.”
Roman, Ren, and Morgana all blinked. “Where’d you hear all that?” the doctor asked in
surprise. “Did you manage to observe everything or something?”
Ritsu giggled. “Ren’s way better at observation than me,” she replied, brushing off the
comment. “Nah, I was talking to Jing Ke. She keeps a pretty sharp ear and eye around camp
while getting sloshed. Honestly, can’t envy her lifestyle but boy does she know how to put it to
good use.”
Ren blinked in surprise, then chuckled. “Yep, what she said,” he affirmed. “Nero’s been
struggling to put together a logistics train here. She has full confidence that Morgana would
be successful, so we’ll be counting on a sea route.” He glanced over to Morgana.
The catlike being nodded. “Yep, Evander’s already working on that, from what I hear,” he
confirmed to his friend.
The Phantom Thief nodded. “There’s other things to report, but it’s better not to say them out
loud,” he added in a more serious tone. “Da Vinci sent a system update overnight that allows
for texts so I’ll send a message. Mona, you’re gonna wanna hear about it too.”
Morgana frowned. “How bad are we talking?” he asked.

Ren shook his head. “Bad enough that we shouldn’t talk about it openly unless we have to,”
he replied gravely. Ritsu matched his expression despite her usually sunny disposition. “In
other news, though, we’re approaching the point where Ritsu is gonna head off to Gaul and
meet up with the emperor’s forces there. A supply train is being formed right now as well as a
contingent of soldiers. However, reinforcements will primarily be her, Mash, and Caster.”
Roman frowned. Although he had heard of this plan before and agreed to it, it still disquieted
him that they were spreading themselves so thin. It couldn’t be helped but that was cold
comfort. He glanced over to Ritsu once more. “It’ll probably be quite an undertaking,” he
commented seriously. “Will you be alright?”
“I’ll be alright, as sure as Magi*Mari streams,” she teased, immediately breaking the
doctor’s decorum as he began spluttering in surprise, much to Ren and Morgana’s
amusement. “After all, I got the awesome Tamamo with me, and the ever-lovely
Mashumallow too. I’m so jealous, Ren – you’ve been occupying so much of her attention. It’s
unfair. Save some for this poor girl, would you?”
Ren chuckled again. “Alright, alright, I’ll try not to catch her attention too much,” he replied
easily. “She seems to want to know more about me though, and she’s eager to learn what she
can. I can’t exactly refuse her.”
“Yeah, she IS hard to refuse,” Ritsu agreed with a sigh. Then she grinned again. “So, you’re
saying I should get some recompense from you? I’m gonna hold you to that~”
The doctor sighed as Ren turned another shade of red. “Well, seems like everyone’s doing
fine,” he concluded with a weary smile. “Get some rest, all of you, and keep us posted. For
now, good work.”
“Wait,” Morgana quickly interjected before they could end the call. “Could you forward me to
Da Vinci? Got something I wanna talk to her about.”
Roman blinked, then nodded. “She should be in her workshop, but she’ll be happy to get a
call from you,” he replied. “I’ll forward your call. Otherwise, I’ll talk to you guys soon.”
With that, the communication ended as Roman tapped a button to forward Morgana over to
Da Vinci. He stretched in his chair, curious as to what the two would be talking about it.
Well, he’d know in due time. A minute later, a text came through from Ren, shared to
everyone else – and Roman blanched as he read it. Ah. No wonder why he wanted to keep it
quiet.
“It seems you’ve encountered troubling news, doctor.”
Roman almost jumped out of his seat with a string of barely withheld curses and turned,
seeing Siegfried standing nearby. “Oh jeez, you scared me!” he gasped, holding his chest.
“You’re pretty quiet, you know that?”
Siegfried smiled ruefully. “My apologies,” he replied contritely. “Startling you was not my
intention. If it is any consolation, I have only just arrived.” His expression grew serious.
“However, you seem disconcerted. Is there something amiss with the ground team?”

The doctor sighed as he sagged in his seat. “I don’t even know where to begin at this point,”
he grumbled. “We’re spreading ourselves thin, Ren nearly killed himself – again – and on top
of it all, we have even more enemies now. Really troubling ones to boot.”
The dragon slayer frowned. “Who?” he asked.
Roman shifted to let Siegfried read the text message – and the Saber’s eyes widened in shock.
‘Romulus confirmed as leader of URE. Lev most likely culprit.’
“That is troubling indeed,” he murmured in agreement. Romulus was famed as the founder of
Rome and all that came with it – especially its empire. Such a Servant with that much
historical and mythological weight to them would be almost atrociously powerful. At least he
wasn’t situated in Rome itself, but that was poor consolation. “Do our Masters have a plan?”
The doctor rubbed his temples. “They only found out about them recently,” he replied. “And
there’s still a lot going on right now. So far, no plans. I’m sure once they have something,
they’ll let us know. We’ve been trying to get a read on the United Roman Empire capital but
so far, our scans are being interfered with. Most likely they’ll need to get closer before we
can get a decent view of what’s going on.”
Siegfried nodded, contemplating. “In that case,” he suggested. “Perhaps it would be prudent
to alert the other Servants as much as we can. The less time needed to brief them before they
are dispatched, the better.”
Roman glanced up at the Saber then sighed. “Good idea,” he agreed before reaching over to
hit the intercom button – before a gauntleted hand stopped him.
“Allow me,” the dragonslayer offered. “I shall contact the other Servants and brief them. We
will discuss what will be viable and will ask if we require more information. You, in the
meantime, must rest. Will that be suitable?”
The doctor blinked, then sighed once more. “Is everyone going to tell me I need rest?” he
grumbled. “I thought I’m resting a lot already.”
“We appreciate your efforts, doctor,” Siegfried corrected. “However, even the greatest
warriors will find their abilities lacking if they fight while exhausted. I shall find Marie as
well and ask if she can take over. I hope this is agreeable?”
Roman could only blow out a long breath before smiling weakly. “Alright, you win,
Siegfried,” he admitted. “I’ll wait til Marie shows up, then get some rest.”
The dragonslayer nodded, satisfied, and walked off, soon disappearing into a shower of
golden dust. Meanwhile, the doctor turned back to his computer and took another sip of his
coffee – yet another attempt at Ren’s recipe, even trying to tinker with it a little bit. And the
result…
The thick liquid poured down his throat as he made a face at the taste. He really should stop
wasting coffee beans until Ren came back…

---------After the battle in the mountain pass, things had been relatively straightforward. Leaving a
small garrison manning the defenses, the Roman forces along with the Chaldeans went back
to Mediolanum to restock and regroup, with officers trying to sally forth more
reinforcements. They could only scrounge up a scant hundred. Scouts reported packs of loyal
soldiers would be joining them as they marched west, but optimistic estimates were about
three hundred at the absolute most.
The grim faces from Nero and the officers as they went over the numbers and reports told
Ren all he needed to know. This offensive was the last chance they had. If they were defeated
or broken, then the Roman Empire would fall. Everyone already suspected that, but the
desperate defense in the pass followed by the stark numbers truly hammered that in for
everyone present.
“However, we are true-blooded Romans!” Nero cried after the implications were sinking in.
“You saw what those soldiers they fielded were: Nothing more than soulless puppets! How
could any Roman with any ounce of pride bear with that? Umu, we shall be victorious in the
end! Once again, I ask you to follow me, and we shall seize victory ere all is done!”
Despite the fiery words of the emperor however, Ren could still see how despondent the
officers were. And judging from the strain he could see on Nero’s face, he wasn’t sure if the
emperor herself truly believed her own words. Not surprising, given the odds stacked against
them and the news that the progenitor of Rome was also their enemy.
Once more, Loki’s words echoed in his mind. How many times did he have to don a brave
face so that the other Phantom Thieves wouldn’t lose confidence and they could all push
forward? How many times did he feel the cold grip of fear and terror around his spine when
some adult started bearing their weight down on them, or when they were fighting
desperately against some insurmountable foe? He would, without a doubt, fight tooth and nail
against those who wanted to confine him, but that didn’t mean he was immune to fear, after
all.
And once more, he was reminded of said fear as he watched a separate convoy be prepared to
head north. As they had just briefed Roman, Ritsu was going to be heading to Gaul to
reinforce Nero’s forces there. Caster would be accompanying her, with her spells being a
major boon for any battlefield. Mash would also be going as Ritsu needed the protection of
the Shielder far more. Though reluctant, the lilac-haired girl accepted without any argument.
Nero’s allies in Gaul were seasoned veterans, so Ritsu’s lack of experience wouldn’t be an
issue.
Passing by the main path, he saw the soldiers loading up carts and hitching up packhorses
and donkeys. As usual, officers barked out orders as soldiers inventoried the items being
packed. From what Nero told them, approximately four hundred men would be sent to
reinforce Gaul. Counting the garrisons they would have to leave behind as well as the
soldiers they would collect on the way, Nero’s forces would have approximately thirteen
hundred soldiers when they hit Massalia – not a reassuring number, overall. A whopping five
thousand soldiers had been dispatched to Gaul, but who knew what the situation was like
there?

Making way past a few rows of tents, he finally came to his destination: Ritsu’s tent. From
the entrance flap, he could hear sounds of muttering from Ritsu, albeit indistinct. Raising a
hand, he knocked on the tent pole.
“Come in!” Ritsu called out. Ren stepped in. Ritsu’s tent was much like his own: Barren
overall, with no furniture. A backpack sat nearby with a rolled-up bedroll easily strapped on
top. Considering how messy Ritsu’s room in Chaldea was, it was rather surprising overall the
tent was this clean – though, it wasn’t like she had a lot of items to make a mess with.
Speaking of the girl, she glanced up as Ren stepped in and beamed. “Heya, Ren!” she greeted
cheerfully. “Just double-checking what I need to bring with me for the campaign. Should be
used to traveling light, but I keep thinking I forgot something. Can’t bring the entire tent with
me though. If I get a new tent, I’m hoping I only have to share with Mash.”
Ren chuckled. “I’m sure she’d appreciate that,” he replied, leaning against the tent pole. “Are
you doing alright, Ritsu?”
Ritsu paused, then sighed. “To be honest? No, I’m not,” she admitted bluntly. She sat down
on the ground, hugging her knees to herself. “We’ve been going from battlefield to battlefield
where we’ve come too close to dying one too many times. We’re facing against… Roman
soldier terminators and Servants. Like, a few weeks ago, I was back home surfing the internet
for the newest Phantom Thieves model. And now here I am in ancient Rome, hoping to God I
don’t get splattered by…. I dunno what at this point.”
The redhead breathed out a tired sounding breath before giving a weary smile. “Sorry, this is
probably old hat to you,” she apologized ruefully. “Just gotta knuckle down and do what I
can, right? Whining about it isn’t gonna get anywhere.” She prepared to stand back up – and
blinked with surprise as Ren instead decided to sit beside her instead.
“No, I get it,” he replied quietly. “Honestly, I haven’t really done anything like this before. I
got some more experience in fighting and handling things, but even then, that doesn’t really
detract from the whole situation. It’s pretty big, after all.”
Ritsu gave a shaky grin. “What?” she jokingly cried. “The big, bad leader of the Phantom
Thieves, afraid? Oh nooo~ My image of my idol is breaking down before my very eyes~
What ever am I to do~?”
Ren laughed in response. “I’m sure you’ll manage,” he replied, grinning over at the girl, who
smiled back in return. “You’re a lot stronger and bigger than you think you are. Just keep
looking forward and putting one foot in front of the other. You’ll be surprised at how far
that’d get you, even in the worst of times.”
The girl eyed Ren. “Speaking from experience?” she asked quietly. She heard details of his
backstory from the debriefing he had given to Roman and Da Vinci. Her gut burned from the
sheer injustice of it all. At the same time, it all made sense to her why Ren became a Phantom
Thief in the first place. As much as she loved the Phantom Thieves, she only wished he never
had to go through that.

He only smiled sadly in response. “Kept me going, at least,” he admitted. “But tell you what
– if you need a bit of courage or encouragement, just let me know and I’ll give you the push
you need. Sounds good?”
The redhead blinked with surprise, then smiled wryly. “Well, look at you, being so
considerate,” she purred. “But it wouldn’t sit right with me if I’m only taking from you. What
do you need from me in return?” Then her smile widened as her gaze turned mischievous.
“You did say I’m ‘bigger’,” she commented. “Are you saying you wanna cop a fe-“
“That isn’t what I meant and you know it,” Ren grumbled, forcing down the blush in his face
as Ritsu giggled in response. At least the girl was feeling better, but what would he want from
her in return…? “Confide and tell me anything that’s on your mind without hiding it,” Ren
said. “I can’t exactly give you the needed push without that.”
Ritsu blinked. “That’s it?” she asked in surprise before pouting. “And here I thought you’d be
more daring. Why’d you have to be such a gentleman.” Then she smiled once more. “Still,
you got yourself a deal, buddy. Looking forward to your help from now on.”
Ren grinned in response before feeling a familiar warmth flow through him, then was left
blinking at which arcana that was unlocked. Before he could look into it any further, he heard
a knock on the tentpole. “Come in!” Ritsu called out once more.
Mash stepped in, blinking in surprise as she looked over at Ren. “Oh, Ren-senpai!” she
stammered. “I didn’t expect to see you here!”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “I do pop up in a lot of unexpected places,” he admitted easily,
standing up. “I’ll leave you two alone.”
The shielder shook her head. “Oh, no, that won’t be necessary,” she quickly reassured him.
“In fact, it’s better if you’re here, Ren-senpai.” That said, she looked over to Ritsu. “The
contingent is ready to leave, Ritsu-senpai,” she explained. “They’re ready to go at any time.”
Ritsu blinked. “Huh,” she muttered. “Romans never surprise me with how fast they move.”
She stood up and stretched, feeling the stress leave her bones. “Alright, first thing’s first,” she
declared. With a spin on her heel, she opened her arms towards Ren. “Hug me.”
That caught Ren by surprise. “I’m sorry?” he asked.
“You said you’re gonna give me encouragement,” Ritsu stated. “And I’m about to set off, so I
need encouragement now. Hug me.”
Ren glanced over to Mash, who looked just as surprised as he felt, then chuckled. “Alright
then,” he accepted. “A deal’s a deal.” With that, he stepped forward and took her in his
embrace, with Ritsu easily reciprocated, wrapping him into an extremely eager, tight hug.
Now that he thought about it, he couldn’t remember the last time he got a hug from… well,
almost anyone. Feeling her warmth against him was… nice.
“You get over here too, Mashumallow!” Ritsu called out after turning her head to face the
shielder. “You’re also gonna need the encouragement, and I know you’ve been dying for a

hug from Ren too!”
“R-Ritsu-senpai!” Mash stammered, a blush immediately leaping to her cheeks. She glanced
nervously at Ren, unsure what to do – who simply smiled and opened an arm towards her.
“Come here, Mash,” he reassured her.
Mash hesitated for a second in surprise, then slowly walked closer and hesitatingly wrapped
her arms around the both of them. Ritsu immediately grabbed her and pulled her into a fierce
hug with them, catching the shy girl by surprise. After a moment of surprise, with her feeling
Ritsu’s and Ren’s arms around her, she closed her eyes and returned their hug, her grip
tightening. Ren had to wonder - just how many times had Mash been hugged?
He didn’t want to think of the answer.
But for now, with the three of them hugging each other, Mash feeling especially soft despite
her armor and enhanced strength, he simply accepted it for now. It was a parting, but just like
with Morgana, it wasn’t permanent. They would all see each other again.
He would make sure of it.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:
https://discord.com/invite/DYJDGm4C

Chapter 65: Masks
Chapter Summary

What do you show to the outside world as it all falls apart?

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The melody of the Velvet Room washed over him once more as he woke up in his cot.
Although it had only been a short time, it felt far too long since he last visited the Velvet
Room. He never particularly questioned the timing, however, especially since he also
concurrently visited the Thieves Den as well. Honestly, he had regarded the Velvet Room as
something of a home beyond a home at this point – a certain sanctuary that supported him
before and would continue to support him after.
There was admittedly that time he was almost executed by that imposter Igor, but those were
extenuating circumstances to put it mildly.
Stepping out of his cell, he saw the smiling faces of Lavenza and Igor, and the stern face of
Olga, once more. “Welcome back, my dear guest,” Igor greeted cordially. “It has been some
time since your last visit. I see you have been faring well and making progress.”
Ren nodded. “Pretty much,” he agreed. “I didn’t expect another Fool arcana to pop up though
– I’m guessing multiple people can be assigned to one arcana?” At the very least, the new
Fool arcana seemed to be a lot more promising, considering it was Ritsu. He couldn’t help
but feel a touch apprehensive, however, considering the last Fool arcana was Igor, or rather,
Yaldabaoth.
That arcana was quite literal in this case, since he had been made a fool of. That was certainly
annoying.
Igor nodded. “Quite so,” he confirmed. “As you form deeper connections and bonds, you will
find that many of them embody a similar arcana. That is indeed the case with both the
imposter and with Fujimaru. Although you may be skeptical of this bond, I do not believe I
need to remind you that be it positive or negative, you can still gain power and knowledge
from it.”
Ren nodded. He hadn’t forgotten. His Third Eye ability was a gift from Yaldabaoth, and one
he kept even after his destruction. Not to mention, his bond with Maruki had a lot of benefits
– and it was why he sympathized with the doctor despite disagreeing with his ultimate goal.
To make everyone happy wasn’t a bad dream in of itself – anyone could understand that.
However, depriving people of their choices, dreams, and goals just to fit his concept of
happiness wasn’t something he could ever allow.

He remembered his conversation with Medusa back in the tent. When he had the time, he
needed to explain everything to her so she wouldn’t have the wrong idea. Perhaps she would
still disagree with him – and he wouldn’t blame her if she did. Breaking his friends out of the
illusion was one thing, but Servants were a different matter entirely. Many of their legends
came from countless tragedies, from their own flaws or from circumstances far beyond their
control.
It was a fortunate thing that Medusa was fairly tight-lipped. He wasn’t sure how other
Servants or the staff at Chaldea would take that information.
“Now then,” Igor continued, grabbing Ren’s attention once more. “I believe Olga wishes to
speak with you. She had been waiting quite patiently for your next visit.”
Ren blinked in surprise, then chuckled. “Right,” he replied, remembering. “You wanted me to
report to you how the personas handled, right?” He glanced over to Olga who was standing
nearby, her arms crossed and maintaining a stern demeanor.
The novice Velvet Room attendant nodded. “That’s correct, Amamiya,” she replied stiffly.
“We have decided to allow you to rest and recuperate. But now that you’re fully rested, I can
receive a full report from you. Please follow me, Amamiya.” Before Ren could reply, Olga
spun on her heel and marched off into one of the open cells before vanishing.
In mild confusion, Ren turned to look over at Igor and Lavenza. The latter smiled
apologetically. “While master and I have the utmost faith in you, my Trickster,” she
explained. “There is no doubt that your actions do make one nervous. All of us are glad to see
you return safe and whole, but Olga has been having difficulties adjusting her feelings.
Perhaps reassurance is in order.”
Frowning, he glanced over at the cell Olga had walked to. Right – what he pulled with
Leonidas and his solo act had everyone concerned, and for good reason. If he was on the
other side, he no doubt would be berating himself as well. He had a lot to catch up on, it
seemed.
He knelt and rested a hand gently on Lavenza’s head, the girl blinking in surprise at the
gesture. “Sorry for worrying you so much, Lavenza,” he said, smiling gently. “I’ll try to keep
myself safer from now – though I can’t exactly promise that.”
Lavenza blinked several more times before reaching up and taking his hand off her head,
grasping it in both of her own. “I knew you would succeed, my Trickster,” she replied quietly
with a faint quaver in her voice. “But… I was terrified. Your abilities are second to none, but
there were many enemies, led by a Servant like Leonidas. There were… moments I genuinely
didn’t think you would be victorious.” She squeezed her hand even more tightly, as if to
reassure herself he was solid and present.
“Forgive me, my Trickster,” she whispered. “For doubting your strength and your victory.
And also, thank you.” The girl looked up and met his surprised eyes. “Thank you for coming
back.”

The Phantom Thief was at a loss for words, then gently squeezed her hands with both of his
own. “Nothing to forgive,” he reassured her. “I always come back. That, I will promise you,
as much as I can.” He reassured her with all the confidence he could possibly muster.
Lavenza was often rather calm and even-tempered, but she wasn’t immune to outbreaks of
emotion. It was kind of adorable.
Lavenza smiled in turn. “Very well – I shall once more place my faith in you, my Trickster,”
she agreed softly, returning the squeeze before finally letting go. “Now, it is perhaps best to
see to Olga.”
Ren nodded and stood back up. He gave a nod to Igor who returned it, his grin perpetual and
hard to read as always, then stepped into the cell. For a moment, darkness shrouded his vision
as the Velvet Room vanished around him – then it lifted, revealing him facing the exit of
another cell. Olga was directly ahead of him, operating some kind of astrolabe table. He
stepped out of the cell… and his jaw dropped at what he witnessed.
Above him was the night sky, but clearer than he had ever seen before. Stars floated in the air
above him as planets, suns, and comets streaked by. With a touch or stroke from Olga on the
astrolabe, they all whirled in dizzying speeds to some other configuration, moving, vanishing,
and appearing. The planetarium back in Tokyo was the closest comparison, yet even that felt
like nothing more than a cheap knockoff compared to what he was witnessing.
As he got closer to the astrolabe, he noticed that all around it were scattered various books,
ranging from more modern ones to old tomes with drying, cracked leather and yellowing
pages, to even things such as scrolls, slips of bamboo, and unless Ren was mistaken, even
clay tablets. All of them seemed to have astrological diagrams that Olga kept consulting as
she muttered to herself and kept spinning the astrolabe, with the heavenly bodies above
whizzing by.
“You made all this?” Ren asked, his voice quiet with wonder.
Olga snapped up, blinking, then scowled. “I did,” she confirmed. “I decided to use my
family’s magecraft – the Animusphere magecraft – in conjunction with the Velvet Room’s
capabilities to try and boost the strength of your personas and powers overall. Something like
this hasn’t been done before, so I’m still working on what can and can’t be done, but there’s a
lot of potential here. I’ve no doubt you’ve seen something greater than this those so you don’t
have to say anything-“
“Breathtaking,” he simply murmured.
Her mouth snapped shut as she felt her face become heated. “C-come again, Amamiya?” she
stammered. “I wasn’t sure I quite heard you.”
Ren looked back at Olga with a smile. “I’ve seen a lot of things,” he admitted. “A lot of it
pretty fantastic. But all of this?” He opened his arms and circled around, taking in the sight of
the stars. “This is all beyond breathtaking. I’m honestly at a loss for words here. And I can
tell you’ve worked hard on all of this.” For emphasis, he reached forward and gently tapped
one of the books nearby – one among dozens.

“I know that being stuck here in the Velvet Room wasn’t your ideal situation,” he continued.
“But you’ve taken to it like no one else I could possibly think of. So once again, Olga, thank
you so much for all you’re doing. It means the world to me.”
Olga could only blink multiple times as her face steadily turned redder and redder.
Eventually, she cleared her throat and looked away, quickly regaining her composure. She
was starting to get used to Ren’s compliments – although admittedly, it was still something
she was very unused to. “Flattery is unnecessary, Amamiya,” she muttered. “But your
gratitude is accepted regardless. If it aids you in your mission, then I’m glad.”
She took a deep breath to steady herself, forcing down the heat from rushing to her face
before looking back at Ren. “So, what of the personas?” she asked in a calmer tone of voice.
“How was their performance?”
With a mental command from Ren, the three Sisters of Fate and Cerberus appeared in flashes
of blue flame within the room. The Sisters floated serenely in the air, their smiles impassive
and unchanging as always, as Cerberus yawned and laid down on the ground. “Honestly? Far
better than anything I expected,” Ren reported earnestly. “They almost felt as easy to use as
they did in the Metaverse, especially their powers.”
He walked over and gently pet Cerberus, who let out thunderous purrs at the affection.
“Especially Cerberus here,” he emphasized, running his hands through his mane. “He felt
almost solid and real – enough for me to ride him as well as directly attack Leonidas. Not
something I expected overall, to say nothing of his power.”
Olga nodded. As she listened, she was passing by each persona, scrutinizing them and jotting
down notes in a blue clipboard she held, muttering to herself. Her fierce expression and
clipboard reminded him of Justine and Caroline so much. Her analytical, intelligent
demeanor and her short temper reminded him of the twins as well.
The memories brought a faint smile. Despite being his supposed wardens and their sharp
tongues, they still did what they could to support him in turn. He was glad they reunited to
become Lavenza, but that didn’t mean he didn’t miss the two from time to time.
He certainly didn’t miss Caroline’s police baton though.
“Find anything interesting?” Ren asked, peering curiously over at Olga who was still taking
notes.
“Merely checking on the personas,” she replied without looking up, her eyebrows furrowed
in concentration. “They are all stable despite a good amount of usage from the battle. No
noticeable flaws or concerns that can be told, nor do I see any unstable fluctuations in
cognitive power. Some allowance for more experimentation that I had in mind… I’ll have to
keep it in mind.”
Ren blinked as Olga seemed to be muttering more to herself now than answering him. “So,
I’m guessing we can call this a successful field test then?” he asked, glancing once more at
his personas. While he wasn’t the most comfortable with Olga talking about

‘experimentation’ on his personas, he trusted her to know what she was doing – and that Igor
and Lavenza wouldn’t allow her to take things too far unintentionally.
The former director paused, then nodded. “It can be considered a successful field test, yes,”
she agreed. “There is a good amount of data I can work with. That being said, there’s a few
things I will need to address.” She turned around to face Ren once more. “Are you aware of
how your magecraft works?” she asked.
The Phantom Thief didn’t expect that question. “It’s much like using my personas as I always
do, isn’t it?” he asked. “Drawing out the strength of my personas and utilizing them as
necessary, switching them like I do masks.”
Olga waved the explanation off. “Not what I meant, but that answered my question anyway,”
she sighed. “Right – I suppose I should start from the basics. Your magecraft is a variation of
a particular branch of magecraft called Projection, where you use prana to create objects into
being. And before you think it sounds amazing, it isn’t – Projection has been considered a
dead-end, useless magecraft as any objects created by it tend to be either ridiculously
unstable or unsound, soon dispelling back into its constituent prana. Any ‘success’ with it
tends to be worthless overall.”
Ren raised an eyebrow as he glanced over at his personas. “Something tells me that, like
everything else, I’ve been an exception,” he commented rhetorically.
Nodding, she replied, “You would be correct. Your Projection magecraft instead delves into
your inner world – or the ‘Thieves Den’ as you colloquially call it, and the persona within
would be the blueprints of the projection. They are something you know inside and out like
they’re an extension of yourself. The crest you received allows you to manifest these
personas in reality. It’s a workaround solution, but it’s the best that can be done for now.”
The mention of the Thieves Den caught Ren off guard, but he accepted it. The Velvet Room
connected to the Thieves Den easily enough if he wished it to, and it was reasonable to
assume Igor and Lavenza had told her about it as well. It was his inner world, after all – a
Palace that also wasn’t a Palace.
“Now, as for the solid and ‘real’ feeling of Cerberus,” she continued. “That actually wasn’t
part of anything I’ve done. Your persona projections have been solid this entire time.
Granted, there has been no reason for you to check, but that has always been the case.”
That caught Ren by surprise, then he rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment as he
glanced over at the Sisters, still levitating placidly. Admittedly, they always felt ethereal so he
didn’t think he could actually touch them. And like Olga said, there hadn’t been any
particular reason to do so either.
“However,” Olga continued. “You are correct that there have been changes with Cerberus.
Ones you may not have noticed. Whether it’s because of the hectic situation that you didn’t
notice overall or some other factor of my work, I’m still unsure. I will need more data.” She
narrowed her eyes as she glanced over at Cerberus. “Do you notice it now perhaps,
Amamiya?” she asked.

Ren blinked, then glanced back at Cerberus, who was purring underneath his petting. Now
that he thought about it… “I don’t think I’ve ever seen Cerberus this… lively,” he murmured.
“Outside the Thieves’ Den, I mean.” To test his theory, he knelt and used both hands to pet
Cerberus, who proceeded to purr louder and… roll on his back, showing his belly under
Ren’s touch. That was certainly different.
Olga nodded as she took more notes at Cerberus’s reaction. “As you can see, Cerberus has
more of his original personality blended in,” she explained. “Your personas are still very
much part of you so you don’t need to worry about them rebelling, but they’ll show more of
their own personalities and initiative that you would normally witness in the Thieves’ Den.”
The Phantom Thief blinked as he stared down at Cerberus in wonder. “Is that so,” he
murmured in wonder. He slid over and began rubbing his belly, and his purrs turned into
more canine huffs. “Who’s a good boy, who’s a good boy,” he cooed as he continued petting
the persona. Cerberus wriggled even and huffed even more in response.
Meanwhile, Olga stopped taking notes for a second, then sighed as she turned away. “I have
someone who is treating the mythological Cerberus – or the cognitive representation of him –
like a house dog,” she muttered. “And Cerberus is also a lion for some reason. Just…what is
my life?”
“I’ve been hearing that a lot recently,” Ren chuckled. “Asked myself that question a thousand
times before I learned it’s better to roll with it.”
Olga shot a glare at him before sighing once more. “Considering everything you went
through, I suppose you’ve the most right to answer in that manner,” she grumbled. “Not that
it makes it any better.”
Ren chuckled again before standing up, looking over at her. “So, I hear from Lavenza that
you were worried about me?” he asked.
The former director blinked, then scowled. “Is privacy not a concept in the Velvet Room?!”
she growled. “Why did she have to tell you that?! It was utterly unnecessary! It’s something
that should not have to be addressed or spoken about by anyone else!”
Standing nearby, Ren waited until she was done with her tirade. “So, is that a yes?” he asked.
With a loud groan of frustration, Olga flung her hands up in the air. “Yes, okay, I was
worried!” she cried in frustration. “As everyone has said at this point, it was two hundred
Grail constructs and a Servant at once that you were dealing with – and not a weak Servant
either, but King Leonidas I of Sparta, who had carved his legend at the Battle of
Thermopylae! As amazing as you are, surviving should have been impossible, let alone
anything resembling a victory!”
Then she caught onto what she was ranting about and rapidly continued. “Think of your
position!” she rapidly added. “You are one of the last Masters of humanity, and perhaps the
most qualified! Morgana doesn’t have the flexibility of options you would have and Fujimaru
is too inexperienced! You are far too valuable to humanity as a whole to be throwing your life
away!”

Olga’s ranting was stopped by another chuckle from Ren. “You definitely were worried for
me,” he commented cheekily, smiling with amusement. The girl’s face flared up even further
and she was about to launch into yet another tirade when Ren continued. “But honestly, it
was touch and go for a while,” he murmured. “That was the first time I ever fought such a
battle. It was a complete slog where I completely lost track of how many soldiers I took out,
how many were left, and of course, panicking each and every time Leonidas stepped forward
or did anything at all.”
Cerberus huffed and walked over, looking up at him plaintively. Ren smiled gently as he
resumed petting the persona, feeling mildly soothed. “I don’t regret what I did,” he
continued. “If I didn’t do anything, Leonidas would’ve easily attacked from behind, and we’d
lose then and there. But even then, I wasn’t confident I’d make it out. Like you said, the
chances of me surviving were basically nothing at best, let alone actually winning.”
The feeling of the rain as he fought desperately in the pass, feeling his stamina and focus
leech with every time he called upon a persona, the arrows that landed their mark, halted only
because of his armor… he couldn’t forget any of it.
He looked back up at Olga. “If it wasn’t for you and your work,” he said seriously. “I
probably wouldn’t be here. Your work with my personas was the key part of why I came back
alive. So, thank you so much, Olga. For everything.”
Olga’s jaw dropped, then worked as she tried to respond, but no words would escape her lips.
Ren Amamiya had been without doubt an exceptional individual from everything she had
seen – from his time in Tokyo to his current tenure in Chaldea. Even she was starting to
believe he was the kind of man capable of almost anything, like what Lavenza said. But to
hear him so earnestly thank her was something she hadn’t expected in the slightest.
Before she became a Velvet Room attendant, when was the last time she had been praised and
thanked for her effort? When has been the last time she had been genuinely appreciated by…
well, anyone? Especially her own father? When was the last time she showed results, people
genuinely marveled at it and recognized precisely what went behind it, for good or ill?
To her shock and sadness, she couldn’t remember.
Her rage fizzled out, leaving a sort of hollow emptiness and a strange warmth from Ren’s
genuine gratitude. “Just… try not to do it again,” she muttered in a resigned tone.
“Recklessness has its place, I suppose, but not when so much is riding on you.”
Ren smiled. “I’ll try my best,” he replied earnestly. Then he looked back up and stared at the
night sky. Deciding to get comfortable, to Olga’s surprise, he laid down to continue watching
the stars and planets. At her questioning gaze, he grinned. “It’s a beautiful sight.”
Olga frowned, then turned her eyes upward as well. A moment’s silence passed between
them, watching the celestial bodies shine softly above.
“… it is beautiful.”
----------

Ritsu yawned as she marched with the contingent. She thought marching with an army would
be a more exciting prospect, but honestly, it was rather humdrum. Seeing similar scenery pass
by for heaven knows how many miles (though at least it was beautiful – she would’ve taken
more pictures if her phone had enough battery) gets boring after a while, and the monotonous
sound of marching on gravelly paths as well as the carts slowly wheeling was enough to send
her into a stupor. She already washed her face with cold water and pinched the back of her
hands so much that they were still sore to keep awake.
Once more, she was reminded that military affairs weren’t glorious whatsoever. It was
certainly a downgrade once she was away from both Ren and the Emperor. But on the other
hand…
“Is something the matter, senpai?”
The redhead grinned over at Mash, who was looking at her with concern beside her.
“Everything’s always okay with you around, Mash!” she replied cheerfully, her grin
broadening as Mash turned red at the compliment. She had her ever-favorite shielder with
her. She really couldn’t ask for better company than her. The only drawback was that they
couldn’t fangirl together over the Phantom Thieves – considering Ren and Morgana, that’d
just be awkward as heck – but this would more than suffice.
“I certainly envy your energy, Master.”
Turning, Ritsu grinned at Tamamo who was smiling on the other side, the Caster’s fox tail
waving gently. “Psh, nothing to it,” she replied, waving it off. “Better to face the day with a
grin than mope about! Well, for me anyway – everyone has their circumstances, after all.”
Tamamo giggled behind her sleeve. “That is certainly true,” she agreed. “But there is wisdom
in such a lifestyle regardless.” She turned to look over at the scenery as they marched on and
pouted. “Still, it is rather tiring how this interminable march seems to be going,” she
complained. “I am a brilliant miko, not a foot soldier! Oh, how tiring this is!”
“I believe the officers say we are only a day or so away from our destination,” Mash
supplied. “We only need to stop once more before arriving.”
Ritsu grinned. “Only a day, huh?” she said. “After that, it’s just a matter of crashing the party
and the two of you saving the day! Nothing to it!”
“And I certainly envy your optimism, Master,” Tamamo added with a touch more
exasperation, but she didn’t go any further than that. Ritsu merely chuckled in response.
Technically, that’s what they would be doing. None of them had any doubts the situation was
going to be far more complicated than that. They would have to confirm it for themselves
once they arrived, which thankfully shouldn’t be too much longer.
Besides, in the face of everything, what else COULD she do but be optimistic? Hordes of
Roman terminators, the infamous Julius Caesar in front of them, the progenitor of Rome
behind the scenes, and of course, Lev Lainur pulling the strings. The two didn’t talk much
back in Chaldea – he seemed like a pleasant enough man but never spared much time to talk

to her beyond mere pleasantries. Frankly, she had a niggling feeling something had been off
with him, but she dismissed it – mages were always weird.
An entire bombing, trapping her and the rest of Team A in a coma, was something she hadn’t
predicted in the slightest.
In the end, there had been only two options for her: Start shrieking like a madwoman, which
would get her a lovely, tight jacket and a very soft room as her accommodations for the
foreseeable future, or buckle up, put a smile on her face, and keep going forward, just like the
Phantom Thieves would do. When put in that way, the choice was obvious. She just hadn’t
expected the Phantom Thieves themselves to basically make the same choice too.
“So, Mash, what do you think of this whole campaign so far?” she asked out of curiosity,
glancing at the shielder.
Mash blinked in surprise before pondering the question. “It’s been quite different than I
expected,” she replied earnestly. “It isn’t like Orleans, where we traveled in a small enough
group while reaching our objectives. But this has been a fascinating experience. Far different
than anything I’ve read.”
“Right?” Ritsu agreed, looking over. “The Roman army, Nero, an entire war campaign. If I
told anyone, they’d think I’d have gone completely loony and honestly? I don’t think I can
even disagree. This is crazy. I’m not looking forward to writing the report for this entire
campaign once we get back to Chaldea.”
The shielder nodded, then shyly pressed her fingers together. “Um…” she murmured. “When
we first came back from Chaldea, I… delayed writing my report for it. I didn’t know what to
write. So much of it felt, well, unorthodox. Both the doctor and Da Vinci said it was okay,
and I got it written, but, um… I didn’t wish to delay it.”
The redhead glanced over in surprise before a mischievous grin spread across her face. “My,
my, our lovely, studious kouhai is procrastinating~?” she gasped in fake shock. “Oh, how
terrible~! How will we ever punish such slothful behavior~?”
“S-senpai!” Mash stuttered, her face once again turning red from embarrassment. Ritsu could
only laugh. Teasing her never got old.
“We’ll be making camp for the evening!” the officer in charge called out. “The hill to the
northwest there! Move it!”
Ritsu blinked, then glanced over at the hill – particularly how steep it is.
Her legs were crying in agony already. And frankly, so was she.
---------The camp was quickly set up and was done by the time the sun was setting over the horizon,
the orange rays of light vanishing into the gloom of night. Torches were lit to illuminate the
area as soldiers patrolled within and without, making sure there weren’t any enemy forces or

saboteurs in the vicinity. It was a watchful peace overall as everyone rested and recuperated
how they could.
That left Ritsu lying on the bedroll, staring up at the tent ceiling. The bedroll on the opposite
end of the tent was empty; Mash had decided to patrol the area as well to ensure that they
weren’t ambushed by some rogue Servant or monster. While the chances were unlikely, given
everything they had been through, it wasn’t exactly a 0% chance, so it was better safe than
sorry.
Once more, she was left to her own thoughts. Her legs were stiff and sore from the march,
and all around her mind never stopped buzzing. She did all she could to keep a smile on her
face as they kept going, but even she was burnt out now. Or had she been burnt out for a
while now and was just keeping a happy face on? Even she couldn’t tell. It didn’t seem to slip
quite yet, though Ren was catching on. Not surprising though – he’s the leader of the
Phantom Thieves. He probably was great at reading people on top of everything else.
Her thoughts drifted back to Team A, as it had countless times before. How would they have
handled all this? Wodime would’ve sweet-talked the emperor and the legates, probably come
up with some sort of grand strategy with them. Ophelia would probably be following like his
shadow as she always did. Ritsu knew she would have to give that girl a push to actually do
something – the Animusphere heir was as dense as the celestial bodies he utilized. At least,
that was the original plan before everything went wrong.
Hinako and Kadoc… yeah, she’d have to drag them out everywhere. Kadoc always seemed
bad-tempered, and Hinako would rather just read. And if she didn’t do it, Pepe certainly
would’ve done so. She had to chuckle to herself. According to Kadoc, she and Pepe got along
like a house on fire, and she agreed. They felt like kindred spirits, always ready to take on the
world with a smile.
The fact that Kadoc had the greatest look of dread on his face as he commented on their
friendship only cemented things for them both.
Daybit was… well, even by her standards, he was weird. The guy rarely talked and when he
did, it was curt and quick. At first, she thought he was one of those rude, arrogant types, but
he was willing to entertain what few conversations they had. He even tolerated her fangirling
over the Phantom Thieves at one point which was an achievement in of itself, so he couldn’t
be that bad a guy. Probably.
And then there was Beryl. Ritsu, had to admit, she could get along with all sorts of people,
but Beryl just gave her the creeps. Sure, he acted friendly and cheerful, but there was always
some sort of… slimy feeling that she couldn’t shake off. The only other person who gave that
feeling was Loki and frankly speaking, she’d rather deal with the Avenger than her fellow
Master.
But still, it was a grand mission they were all gonna go on. She remembered standing in front
of the coffins the first time, feeling both nervous and excited beyond measure. Team A were
all happy to see her – even Hinako and Kadoc, as anti-social as they were (and she knew
they’d rather die than admit it). They entered, then there was a loud explosion then…
nothing.

And now, only she was left. Just her.
Ritsu sighed miserably as she rested further back into her bedroll. Great. She made herself
sad yet again. She thought she already grieved plenty back in Chaldea, but it seemed things
were never that easy. At least she cried all her tears out already. It wouldn’t do to just be
randomly crying in the middle of a military campaign, as understandable as that’d be. She
needed to do something else besides ruminate.
Getting up, she walked out of the tent – and nearly walked right into Tamamo. “Oh, Caster!”
she said in surprise. “Everything alright?”
The miko blinked, then nodded. “Of course,” she replied. “I have my talismans set up in case
of something approaching and so far, they aren’t picking up anything. I believe it will be a
peaceful night. What of you, Master?”
The redhead grinned. “Getting by,” she replied easily enough. “But with the legendary
Tamamo by my side as well as Mash, I feel like I’m on top of the world.”
Tamamo didn’t respond, instead staring closely at Ritsu with a small frown on her face.
Finally, she sighed. “If there’s one thing all three of you have in common,” she murmured.
“It’s that you are all good at putting up a strong front.”
That caught Ritsu off-guard. “I’m sorry?” she asked in surprise.
The Caster glanced up at Ritsu and sighed once more. “As I said before,” she explained.
“Your optimism and energy are truly aspects to envy about you, Master, but without a doubt
you are starting to force it. Come, back inside you go. Shoo, shoo.”
“Er, wait, what-“ Ritsu stammered as Tamamo pushed her back into the tent.
“Sit,” Tamamo commanded, gently pushing the surprised Ritsu back down onto the bedroll.
“Clearly you have been stressed, and as your Servant it is my duty to serve my Master,
including relieving stress. Now, I believe you have a certain proclivity for massages so I shall
give you a shoulder massage. A miko’s touch works wonders in that regard.”
Ritsu blinked in surprise, then grinned. “Well, if you’re offering, I certainly won’t say no,”
she accepted cheerfully, sitting up into position. She watched as Tamamo nodded in
satisfaction before moving behind her, hearing her quietly sit down. Her presence felt warm
and comforting overall. It was nice. She awaited the Caster’s gentle touch to start on her
shoulders when“Master, I do not believe I can massage you properly through your armor,” Tamamo pointed
out, a hint of amusement and admonishment in her voice.
The Master blinked in surprise, then chuckled ruefully. “Heh, sorry,” she apologized. “Been
wearing this thing for so long I kinda forgot it was there to begin with.” Reaching over, she
loosened the straps of the armor before sliding it off. Immediately, she felt a bit of relief –
though the armor wasn’t exactly heavy, it had still weighed on her body nevertheless. Taking
it off was refreshing in a way she hadn’t expected overall.

Once she put aside the armor, she felt Tamamo’s slender fingers snake around her shoulders
and start kneading into the muscles. The pressure was gentle and comforting, yet at the same
time, pain lanced through her shoulders. Not unbearable, but enough to make her wince.
“There is no small amount of stress in your muscles,” Tamamo noted as she worked. “I can
certainly feel the knots without even trying.”
“Can’t be helped,” Ritsu grunted as she withstood the pain. “We’ve been marching for some
time, after all. Combined with the armor and it’s no wonder.” She winced again as Tamamo
hit a particularly stiff area. “Careful over there,” she added. “That area’s pretty bad.”
Tamamo nodded as she lessened the pressure to try and work out the knot in Ritsu’s
shoulders. “And yet is that the source of all the stress?” she prodded, working closer to her
neck and causing Ritsu to wince a bit more. The Caster’s ears flicked as she turned slightly,
catching notice of something, then resumed her work. “Or is there some other factor?”
Ritsu grunted again. As painful as the massage was, she could feel a lot of her muscles
loosening up under the fox miko’s ministrations. “It’s… nothing to worry about,” she replied
hesitantly. “At the very least, it’s not something that’s worth talking about. Hey, out of
curiosity, what kind of other spells can you do? Is it just talismans or is it something else?”
Behind her, the Caster frowned. “Avoiding the topic isn’t going to help, Master,” she
grumbled as once more, her eyes glanced in the same direction as before, her tail waving in
irritation. “But there are a number of other spells I can use, such as…”
Meanwhile, Mash had been standing outside the tent, not even daring to breathe. She knew
Tamamo had noticed she was outside and heard the conversation between the two. She
gulped as her thoughts scrambled. It wasn’t just Ren or Morgana that had issues, but Ritsu
too. Once more, she was at a loss. What could she do? How? Her shield was meant to protect
all of them, but how could she protect them from something she didn’t know how to fight?
“Ritsu-senpai…”

Chapter End Notes

Discord here as always:
https://discord.gg/duAh5DpG

Chapter 66: Gaul
Chapter Summary

Things don't look great.

Chapter Notes

Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! Have a chapter! If it's not Thanksgiving for you... have
a chapter anyway.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It was getting colder and colder. Although it was still temperate, compared to the warmer
climes they had been in, the dip in temperature was noticeable overall. Every soldier had
some extra clothing supplied to help ward off the cold, thankfully, as well as plenty of firemaking supplies, so no one was suffering too badly from lower temperatures. Overall, while
it was still warm, every breeze brought with it a chill that made people shiver – a sign of how
far they had marched.
Ritsu breathed out, almost making out the mist in the morning air. Despite the cooler
temperatures, she still wore her Chaldean Master uniform. It was surprisingly adaptable to
different temperatures – it was cool and breathed well, allowing her to stay cool back at the
Italian peninsula without issue. Now it felt comfortably warm. Granted, if it got colder, she’d
need something for her ears and hands, but for now she was doing just fine.
She made a mental note to ask Da Vinci about it when they got back what the heck these
were made of. And more importantly – could she get an entire wardrobe of it? Because
frankly, having clothes she could wear no matter the situation or circumstances would be way
too damn handy. Cosplay would be extraordinarily convenient too; the red jumpsuit in
particular had been hard to wear due to how hot and sticky it was underneath after even a bit
of moving.
Actually, now that he thought about it, she never actually saw Ren in his Phantom Thief
costume. She had to ask – how did he move around in that? It looked cool and all, but they
couldn’t be that conducive to moving well. Could they? She had to ask about that. Morgana,
she could at least understand somewhat, but everyone else? That was more difficult.
Then again, she had a sinking feeling the answer was basically ‘Metaverse’ or ‘cognitions’.
Well, she still wanted cosplays and other outfits made with the same things as her Chaldean

Master uniform anyway – that hadn’t changed. She’d have to make a list of what she wanted
though, just in case.
“You’re smiling, senpai.”
Ritus blinked in surprise as she glanced over at Mash, who was peering in curiosity beside
her. The redhead grinned at the inquiry. “Nah, just thinking about my clothes,” she replied
earnestly. “I gotta check in with Da Vinci and see if I can get more outfits like this.” Then she
glanced over and noticed how little Mash was wearing, as well as her armor. “What about
you, Mash? Aren’t you cold?” she asked.
Mash shook her head. “It seems being a demi-Servant comes with improved durability,
senpai,” she replied. “This means I’m not as sensitive to temperatures as a normal person
would. As for my armor, it is very comfortable overall. It never gets in the way, nor does it
feel intrusive. Most likely other Servants feel the same way about their own armor.”
The Master blinked. “Huh, not as sensitive to temperatures,” she mused. “So… does that
mean if I hug you, you’re not gonna feel the warmth of it? Jeez, that kinda sucks.”
“Oh, no!” the shielder quickly amended, frantically shaking her head. “I, um, I c-can feel
your w-warmth quite fine, senpai, so, um, you don’t need to worry about that.”
Ritsu gave a mischievous smile. “You sure about that~?” she asked. “You said that you aren’t
as sensitive to temperature, and it can get rather chilly or warm where we’ve been going. Ah,
but it can’t be helped, it can’t be helped~”
“Senpai!” Mash cried, her face now turning redder and redder. She held out her arms as she
continued to blush. “I-I will prove it to you right here!”
The redhead Master blinked in response, then her grin became even wider. “Oh my, you’ve
certainly gotten bold nowadays, Mashumallow,” Ritsu teased. “But I certainly wouldn’t mind
proving that to you! Bring it here!”
Before they could continue, however, Tamamo appeared beside them. “Aside from the fact
that you two are attracting a great amount of attention,” she commented. “We will be coming
up on the Roman encampment fairly shortly. As far as I can see, there shouldn’t be any issue
with the path ahead, but it might be better to have some decorum.”
Ritsu merely clicked her tongue before withdrawing her arms. Mash did the same, quickly
retreating while turning away, still blushing. Since that night, Tamamo had been cordial with
Ritsu still. However, she had been visiting Ritsu more often, offering massages or even tea at
one point as they conversed over more mundane topics. The more they conversed, the more
Ritsu was amazed with Tamamo’s tales and abilities. Mash often joined in these talks, and
she was just as impressed as Ritsu was.
It was a good way to pass the time during the evenings, at least. It certainly made things far
less dull overall.

That being said, Tamamo did keep prodding for what was going on with her. Sometimes
subtly, sometimes outright, sometimes a combination thereof. A few times, Mash would get
roped in as well, something that annoyed Ritsu. But each and every time, the Master
redirected the conversation or simply assured them that she was fine, she just hadn’t been
sleeping all too well (which she hadn’t). A bit of fawning over Mash usually was enough to
end things the inquiry.
They all had enough to worry about. Like hell she was gonna heap insignificant crap on two
incredibly awesome people, especially when there’s a war going on.
Thus, they kept marching, once more almost lulling Ritsu into a state of sleepiness thanks to
the monotonous marching of boots on the rock ground (the soldiers exchanged their sandals
for warmer, more protective footwear) and the wheels churning on the ground. There was one
more hill they needed to climb before they reached the camp proper, much to Ritsu’s despair.
But onward they climbed. They climbed until they crested the hill. The entire contingent
beheld what they saw.
Standing on a hill was a fortress. Even from where they were, they could see United Roman
Empire forces marching to and fro the walls, keeping a lookout. The keep and the walls
themselves looked like they had seen better days, but they still were solid and formidable.
Nothing short of a concentrated effort would be able to break through them. It would be
difficult to attack, but it was hardly impossible for a prepared foe.
In contrast, the Roman camp itself was in horrible condition. The camp itself looked far
bigger and more heavily fortified than any camp they had set up, even more than what they
had set up in the pass to defend against the United Roman Empire’s forces. However, the
palisade walls were breaking apart and burnt. The tents within, from what they saw, were
tattered and broken, with many on the outer edges looking more like ashes than actual tents.
The ones in better condition were more clustered in the center, but it was clear it had seen
better days.
“What the hell happened here?” Ritsu murmured.
Mash opened her mouth to speak, then saw something. “Senpai, over there!” she cried.
Ritsu looked, as well as the nearby soldiers and officers who heard Mash – and her eyes
widened. A large contingent of United Roman Empire soldiers, judging from their purple
banners and shields, were marching towards the fortress, entering from the side. “Whoa,
whoa, whoa, are they getting reinforcements?” she pointed out as muttering broke out among
the troops. “Just like that? I thought making sure they can’t do that is, like, rule number one!”
The shielder nodded. “That should be the case, senpai,” she murmured in agreement. “If they
can receive reinforcements and supplies so easily, it could mean a lot of things. Most likely
the Romans posted here aren’t in a situation to prevent them.”
The Master looked around, frowning. “There does seem to be too few people for a decent
siege,” she muttered, trying to figure things out as she crossed her arms. “But there’s
something else going on here.”

Mash blinked in surprise. “How do you know, senpai?” she asked.
Ritsu forced a smile and shrugged. “Call it a gut feeling,” she replied simply. The Master was
often a creature of instinct – why would she rely otherwise when it was rarely wrong? Her
head often followed up after, usually finding reasons to go with said gut feeling. Not the
greatest plan, but it worked more often than not anyway.
The sound of marching interrupted their conversation as the Roman forces began moving
towards the camp. “Come on,” Ritsu said. “We better find out what’s going on here.”
“Of course, senpai,” Mash responded. Caster took her place by Ritsu’s other side as they
caught up with the group. Meanwhile, inwardly, Ritsu could only wince. Her gut feeling was
rarely wrong – and she had a feeling that things weren’t going to be easy on them
whatsoever.
---------“Reinforcements my ass!”
The contingent found themselves parked outside of the gate of the camp. Above them was a
soldier who was glaring hatefully down at all of them. Judging from his face, he looked
relatively young – couldn’t be much older than Ritsu. Glancing around, the Master noticed
that there weren’t that many sentries around, and the ones that were there were eyeing them
suspiciously.
“We know you’re all saboteurs and spies!” the gatekeeper spat. “Get the hell away or we’re
opening fire!”
“Our forces have come under the direct orders of the Imperator!” the centurion of the
contingent barked sternly. “Mind your tongue or I’ll have you court-martialed! We have
supplies as well, now let us in!”
“I’m giving you to the count of three!” the sentry snarled, raising a bow and drawing an
arrow. “One! Two!-“
“Whoa, whoa, easy there!” Ritsu yelled as she stepped forward and waved her arms, to the
shock of everyone present, especially Caster and Mash. “Let’s all calm down! We really just
came from the Emperor herself! Can you tell us what’s going on here? What’s all the fuss
about?”
“Master, what are you doing?!” Tamamo hissed as she surreptitiously readied her talismans.
Mash was nearby as well, ready to pull Ritsu as well just in case. She wanted to summon her
shield but with things as tense as they were, it was better not to spook the soldiers any further.
The officer glared at the girl but with how things were, even he knew better than to raise his
voice. The last thing needed was infighting.
The sentry’s eyes narrowed. “And now we have foreigners?!” he snarled, catching sight of
the two Servants as well. “This has to be the most blatant attempt ever! So back off now
before I fill you with-“

“Stand down, soldier!”
The soldier flinched as he whirled about to see someone stomping up towards him – a woman
with fiery red hair, tied up in a bun. “Have you gotten so paranoid that you’ve taken leave of
your senses?!” she barked, holding up a scroll. “We’ve already received information that
we’ve reinforcements forces coming, complete with foreign auxiliaries! Did you verify the
numbers and details first before yelling your head off?!”
“But they could’ve been saboteurs or spy who-who intercepted that message,” he stammered.
“It would’ve been risky to-“
“The scroll was sealed when we received it,” the woman growled. “Meaning nobody but us
read it. Now let them in before- oh no…” She turned around to look anxiously within the
camp as a loud commotion could be heard from the other side of the gate, leaving the entire
contingent looking at each other in confusion and concern.
The gate opened, and in front of them stood an inhuman beast of a man. Extraordinarily tall
with powerful, rippling muscles, his skin was an ashen grey and he had matted, dirty blonde
hair. His clothing – if one could even call it that – consisted of metallic underwear with faulds
protecting his thighs, and metal ‘straps’ around his torso. On his face was a metallic mask
that highlighted his eyes spectacularly.
And said eyes were staring down at them, with a gleam of… it was hard to tell what.
Happiness, glee, anger, impatience. However, there was one word that could perhaps sum it
up: Madness. Further emphasizing that was the man’s grin. Normally a friendly expression, it
was just a bit too wide for any of them to be comfortable with.
Under normal circumstances, Ritsu would laugh at the guy’s getup and appearance. As it is,
half of her nerves wanted her to run away like a madwoman. The other half was shrieking at
her not to move and not to grab the man’s attention. As it was, she was rooted to the spot.
Mash, however, moved in front of her, quickly summoning her shield as Caster readied
herself beside Ritsu, a mirror floating around her.
The large man peered down at all of them, and his disturbing large grin grew even wider.
“Speak, you soldiers and foreigners!” he boomed. “Are you oppressors?”
The question caught everyone off guard. “Um…” Mash anxiously answered, flinching
slightly as the man immediately spun around to face her. “W-we aren’t oppressors. We’re
here as reinforcements for the Roman army here.”
Again, the man’s grin widened somehow further as his eyes lit up. Somehow, instead of
feeling reassured, Ritsu could only feel chills down her spine. “Ah, so you are here to aid in
our fight against oppression!” he roared. “Allies against oppression, you are welcome to this
camp! So long as you do not oppress, you shall be counted as friends and allies! Now enter
and be welcomed properly!”
Everyone could only glance at each other. Finally, one of the officers looked back at the
troops. “You heard the man!” he called out. “Get these supplies inside and distributed!”

The men blinked in surprise, then immediately got to work, bringing the carts in as they
marched through the gates. Absolutely none of the Romans looked at the man as he watched
them all file in, that unnerving grin never leaving his face.
However, Ritsu was peering over at the man. The shock had left her system now, leaving her
simply frowning as she tried to take it in. “Servant?” she asked out of the side of her mouth.
Caster nodded. “Servant,” she confirmed. “A Berserker, most likely. Ugh, why do we keep
running into Berserkers? They’ll ruin my tail with their brutish strength!” Ritsu had to smirk
a bit as the Caster pouted beside her. The occasional comment like that helped put the Master
at ease a bit, and she knew Caster knew too.
“Already scoping us out? Guess you guys are experienced enough with us, at least.”
All three turned in surprise at the voice. Turning, they saw the redheaded woman from before
walking towards them, smiling warmly. She wore a white outfit with a brown skirt and high
boots. The outfit had an opening in the chest area, greatly revealing her rather generous assets
(that Ritsu was doing all she could to not look at), but all in all the outfit seemed to provide
great ease of movement. And yet, despite everything, she didn’t seem out of place in a
military encampment.
“You guys are our reinforcements, I take it?” the woman asked. “I’m Boudica, a Rider
Servant. The big guy over there is Spartacus.” She nodded over to the large, grey-skinned
man who had stalked off back to the camp, with literally everyone keeping a wide berth from
him. Ritsu’s eyes widened at their names. Wait, but that can’t be“Word of warning about him,” she added. Her tone was light but there was an edge to it that
immediately caught their attention. “Do NOT give him any orders or anything that can be
misconstrued as orders. Phrase it as suggestions or requests if you can. I barely managed to
prevent him from killing some of our officers when they tried to order him around.”
“Yeah, uh, about that,” Ritsu spoke up. “You-you said your name was Boudica, right?”
Boudica nodded in response. The Master then pointed over at the Berserker. “And that’s
Spartacus, right?” The Rider nodded once more.
Ritsu, Mash, and Caster looked between the two Servants, utter bewilderment on their faces
as the information percolated into their heads. “How?” was the only word Ritsu had. Beside
her, Mash nodded enthusiastically in agreement.
Boudica’s friendly smile immediately became more strained. “I can see our reputations have
preceded us,” she noted. “Perhaps it’s better if you guys are briefed on the situation. Speaking
of which though, I don’t think I got your names and classes…?”
The Master blinked, then chuckled. “Right, that’d help,” she admitted ruefully. “I’m Ritsuka
Fujimaru, one of the Masters of Chaldea. This is Mash Kyrielight, Shielder class.” Mash
bowed respectfully at the introduction to Boudica, who nodded back with a smile in turn.
“And this is our Caster, Tamamo no Mae.” Tamamo also bowed in turn. “Both of them are
extremely awesome. We’re here to support you how we can.”

The Rider grinned. “Glad to hear!” she chirped. “But come, I should let you know what’s
going on here. The situation is… not the best, to put it mildly.”
Ritsu nodded, her mood turning grim as she thought of the condition of the camp. “Had a
feeling,” she muttered. “Lead the way.”
With that, they followed Boudica toward the command tent. As they walked, the Chaldeans
took note of the soldiers. Many of them were quiet, going about their duties as usual.
However, there was an air of despondency that they hadn’t seen among Nero’s forces. Their
movements looked either forced or slothful. It was clear that nobody’s hearts were in the
fight. That was worrying.
The command tent was a fairly nondescript thing overall. It looked to be in better condition
than most of the tents – in the sense that it was merely covered with soot and it didn’t have
any holes in it compared to many of the neighboring ones. However, there was one key
difference: There were a lot more soldiers guarding and patrolling around it compared to
what any of them had seen back with Nero’s forces.
As they stepped in, the table was curiously empty. The only thing it had was a map but even
then, there weren’t any pieces set up, nor were there the usual reports Ritsu or Mash had
usually seen accompanying the setup. “Sorry for the sparse accommodations,” Boudica said,
noting their reactions. “It’s just that things have been… troublesome as of late.” She glanced
at the side of the tent for emphasis, and Ritsu immediately understood.
The Master glanced over at Tamamo. “Caster, mind doing the honors?”
“Of course, Master,” the miko replied. One more taking out some talismans, they shot out of
her hand and surrounded the tent before vanishing. “Right,” she explained. “All they’ll see
now is us discussing – and nothing else. They will hear nothing, if they try to read our lips
it’ll be naught but gibberish, and of course, the tables are barren.”
The Rider blinked with surprise, then sighed with relief. “Thank you,” she said gratefully.
“You have no idea how much of a boon that is for a meeting like this.”
“We had a feeling,” Ritsu replied with a shrug, crossing her arms with a small frown. “So,
what’s the sitch? If I didn’t know better, I’d say you guys are about a poke away from being
routed. Or am I mistaken?”
Boudica shook her head, laughing bitterly. “Not wrong at all, Fujimaru-“ she began.
“Just call me Ritsu,” the Master interjected.
“Ritsu, then,” Boudica amended herself. “But yes, you aren’t wrong. I will be blunt - we are
on the cusp of being routed. Morale is low, supplies are dwindling, and our manpower is
draining by the day. We’re in a precarious situation.”
Mash frowned. “What would be the cause of this?” she asked. “As I recall, you and Spartacus
are very capable commanders in your own right. Is our opponent that formidable?”

The Rider sighed deeply, rubbing her temples. “You could say that,” she answered. “In fact,
you could say that he’s perhaps the worst possible matchup for us on the field, albeit not
directly. I presume you guys know who we’re fighting?”
“Julius Caesar, right?” Ritsu asked.
“Yep,” Boudica confirmed. “Everyone knows of his military prowess, but he’s equally as
proficient in another field: Oration. Frankly, we all underestimated him.”
“Oration?” Tamamo asked, confused. “So, he’s better at speaking and giving speeches? I can
see how that might be useful but hardly why it’s so crippling.”
“No,” Ritsu murmured, quickly putting together the pieces in her head as everyone looked at
her. “It’s precisely because the situation is as it is that it’s so devastating. Caesar is one of the
most infamous Roman emperors and for damn good reason. Every single Roman here
would’ve heard of him, if not at the start, then from word of mouth from more
knowledgeable peers. He wasn’t exactly known for being cruel or stingy either. Everyone
here would’ve known that.”
The Master glanced up at Boudica. “And how are you and Spartacus viewed here?” she asked
seriously.
Boudica smiled bitterly once more. “About as well as the infamous Iceni queen and the
legendary rebel gladiator would be viewed by the Roman populace,” she replied with little
humor in her voice. “Especially with Spartacus being… well, Spartacus.” She didn’t need to
explain – just the first impression was enough to explain everything.
Right. Considering Boudica and Spartacus’s reputations – as well as the latter’s instability –
their ability to command and strategize would honestly be irrelevant. The Roman soldiers, so
far away from their homes and the emperor, would be further discontented. With how the
United Roman Empire was, it was almost child’s play to lure all but the most diehard soldiers
away. Add in Caesar’s oratory skills to the mix…
Ritsu could only gulp as she looked back up at Boudica in horror. “How… how many?” she
asked, her voice hollow. Tamamo and Mash blinked in surprise and confusion, looking
between Boudica and Ritsu to get better context.
Boudica didn’t answer for a moment. Then, in a low voice, she spoke. “We first arrived here
with five thousand men,” she murmured. “We had many skirmishes at the beginning,
resulting in about seven hundred men as casualties. However, we were gaining ground. Then
Caesar showed up. He withdrew all his men into the fortress and fortified it, then regularly
began giving speeches.”
Her hands tightened into fists. “It was slow at first,” she continued. “A few defections here
and there, but nothing we couldn’t handle. Then our flank was slammed by inhuman Roman
soldiers. They never tired, they didn’t break, they didn’t fear. They simply marched forward
without care even as all their compatriots were cut down around them.”

“Then Caesar spoke again,” she growled. “Calling into doubt our loyalty to the cause and to
the emperor. Fighting for the wrong side and promising safety and reward. More people kept
defecting. We tried catching defectors and enacting the Roman punishments for such acts, but
that only made soldiers leave faster. Eventually, even those we sent to find defectors ended up
joining them. We tried assaulting the fortress again, but they always repulse us with nothing
to show for it. Whatever we do to their numbers, they simply get more of those… things to
reinforce them.”
She stared at the map miserably. “We became the besieged in the end,” she whispered. “More
defections. Morale plummeted as supplies became tenuous at best. Of the five thousand that
had been dispatched here…”
The Rider took a shaky breath. “Fifteen hundred remain,” she finished.
“Fift-” Ritsu trailed off, at a loss for words as her jaw just dropped. A quick bit of mental
math informed her that was a loss of seventy percent of the troops here. While she didn’t
have much knowledge of military matters, the fact they were still hanging on despite
everything was a miracle. All she could do was just stare slack-jawed at Boudica who simply
met her shock with a grim expression.
“Would it not have been more prudent to retreat?” Tamamo asked, piping up beside Ritsu
with a frown. “You already have lost a considerable number of soldiers. I believe it is the
prerogative of a commander to withdraw from a disadvantageous battlefield.”
“You think I don’t know that?!” Boudica snapped, glaring at the Caster. Stopping herself, she
took a deep breath as she pinched the bridge of her nose. “Unfortunately, if we retreat now,
the United Roman Empire forces can simply sally forth and crush us,” she answered in a
more even tone. “It would be child’s play to send our forces into a rout as soon as we try to
retreat where they could pick us off at their leisure.”
“Furthermore,” she added, pointing at the map. “If they continue to hold the fortress, then
they can easily march out to surround the emperor’s forces and crush them in a vice. In short,
retreat simply isn’t an option. Not unless we want to lose the entire campaign.”
Ritsu could only stare at the map at a complete loss for words. Honestly, she wasn’t sure what
she expected when she first got here, but she hadn’t expected it to be this bad whatsoever.
While she had reassured herself that with the power of Mash and Tamamo they’d win no
matter what, this seemed borderline impossible.
Then she took a deep breath. Fending literally thousands of those Roman soldier terminators
in the Alps pass should’ve been impossible too yet they did it, in no small part thanks to Ren
pulling out all the stops to make sure Leonidas didn’t crash their party from behind. Ren or
Morgana would’ve been able to pull out some miracle like a rabbit out of a hat. But here, it
was her.
Just her.
Finally, Boudica sighed and gave a very tired smile. “Sorry for dropping all of that on you,”
she murmured. “You all have had a long march and you’re probably weary. Not the best time

for making war plans and discussions. Dinner should be ready soon so why don’t you rest for
now? We’ll probably have a more productive discussion tomorrow.”
The Master opened her mouth to object when Tamamo elbowed her side. “We thank you for
your offer and gratefully accept,” Tamamo replied, bowing in gratitude, which Mash hurried
to imitate. “In that case, we shall see you in the morning. Have a good evening, Boudica.”
With that, she turned to walk out of the tent. A nonplussed Ritsu could only watch her leave,
glance back at Boudica, then followed her out of the tent as well.
“C-Caster!” Ritsu gasped once they were far enough. “Why did you say that? We need to
come up with a plan-“
“Unless the enemy is literally at our doors and immediate intervention is required, it is not
that urgent,” Tamamo interrupted curtly as she spun around to level a stern glare at Ritsu, her
tail swishing in annoyance. “While I understand you are eager to get results, Master,
impatience has been the bane of many men, great and small. And right now, charging
headlong like a bull, while it is your specialty, will only do more harm than good. So, I must
ask you to rest .”
Ritsu blinked in surprise, then glared. “Oh, come on, I’m not that tired,” she snapped. “I get
your concern, Tamamo, but you can see how bad the situation is already. The sooner we get
stuff done, the more we limit the damage and can rendezvous with the others sooner. At the
very least, we can take a look at our surroundings and brainstorm.”
The Caster and Master glared at each other, neither one backing down. Finally, Tamamo
sighed. “Mash?” she asked, looking over at the surprised shielder. “What is your take in
this?”
“Whoa, hey, don’t drag Mash into this,” Ritsu snapped, throwing out an arm to shield her.
Tamamo’s glare intensified. “She is meant to be your protector, is she not?” she retorted
curtly. “Then she has every right to voice her opinion on the matter. As much as you like to
do so, she is not meant to be coddled in such a manner.”
Ritsu floundered as she tried to find a decent retort and kept coming up short. Meanwhile, the
Caster turned a softer glance over at Mash once more. “So, Mash Kyrielight,” she continued.
“You’re aware of the situation. What do you believe is the best course of action?”
Mash blinked in surprise at being addressed and could feel a slight bit of panic as Ritsu now
also turned to her for her opinion, her eyes all but begging for her support. She gulped as she
considered. While she looked up dearly to her senpais, Tamamo was right – she had to voice
her opinion here, especially if it concerned the safety of her senpais. No, her Masters.
She thought hard as she weighed out the circumstances, pros, and cons in her mind. There
were arguments on either side so deliberating was hard. Then she could only think of one
more question: What would Ren or Morgana do? How would they react? What would they
say?
Then she had her answer.

She looked up and met Ritsu’s gaze. “I believe Caster is correct,” Mash replied, trying to
force a bit of Ren’s confidence into her voice. “Rest is imperative for warriors, and I believe I
spoke to Ren-senpai about the benefits of it before. Forcing yourself like this will most likely
lead to more mistakes which would be disastrous in our current situation. So please, senpai, I
also must ask you to rest.”
Ritsu stammered as she looked between Tamamo and Mash several times before finally
sagging. Being stonewalled by two people she thought were utterly awesome, she could only
feel all her energy leave her as she smiled wearily. “Alright, fine,” she conceded. “You guys
win. I’ll try to get some rest. My legs are killing me from the march anyway.”
Tamamo nodded as her tail swished behind her gently, satisfied. “Good!” she declared. “Now
come, if your legs are sore, I shall do my utmost to massage them and make sure you are
physically fit for tomorrow.”
The Master’s eyes widened. “A leg massage?” she whispered. “From the best fox miko
ever?! Why didn’t you just say that in the first place?!” With that, she scurried off, leaving a
very nonplussed Tamamo and Mash behind.
“I do not wish to believe our Master is that easy,” the Caster grumbled before following her
in a more sedate pace. “Mash, would you kindly grab some food from the supplies we
brought and bring it to our Master’s tent? It would be appreciated.”
The shielder blinked, then nodded. “Yes, of course!” she quickly replied. Tamamo gave her a
grateful smile before following the Master, the both of them soon disappearing from view.
Mash, meanwhile, quickly hurried to grab the food. She wondered if Ren would be happy for
her, then she nodded to herself. Yes, he absolutely would.
A small distance away, Boudica smiled. Watching the three and their concern for their Master
honestly reassured her far more than anything they could’ve done. They were steadfast and
kind yet were willing to take initiative and jump immediately into the fray. That was good to
know. Spartacus most likely had a similar opinion. It helped that he didn’t label them
oppressors either.
Yet another good reason to keep fighting this farce of a war, in her opinion.

Chapter End Notes

Discord here once more:

Chapter 67: Stuck
Chapter Summary

Plans are devised, revised, and devised again.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The sun broke over the horizon, greeting the land with a new dawn. Orange rays of sunlight
peeked through, washing over the fertile lands of Gaul and shining upon the drab walls of the
fortress. The armor of the United Roman Empire soldiers tirelessly patrolling the walls
glinted with the morning sun, an awesome display of power and strength even at a distance.
The fortress stood as a solid stone monolith against all the world, a pillar of strength that
looked like it would last forever.
In contrast, as the morning greeted the Romans, the sunlight peered through broken holes in
tents and illuminated the ruined palisade that surrounded the camp. Grumbling could be
heard from within as soldiers woke up from their bedrolls, switching with their comrades
who had gotten the night shift. The night had passed by for the Romans with a restless peace,
who didn’t have further orders save to reinforce and repair the camp how they could, train,
and prepare breakfast.
Throughout it all, a redheaded girl jogged around the outer edge of the camp. She breathed
easily as her boots met the damp dirt underneath her, the warmth of her workout easily
beating the morning chill. Being able to move like this was a blessing and honestly, she
should’ve done this sooner. Her legs felt a bit better thanks to the massage from Tamamo
yesterday, and frankly it just felt liberating being able to run.
Of course, aside from some morning exercise to wake up, the jog served another purpose.
Sweeping her gaze over the camp as she ran, she observed the condition of the camp and the
soldiers as she passed by. “Morning!” she called out cheerfully as she passed by a pack of
soldiers. “Working hard or hardly working?” The soldiers looked over at her. Some had an
expression of exasperation and exhaustion, and some had an expression of annoyance. After a
moment, they simply returned to their business. None of them bothered returning her
greeting.
Ritsu puffed as she continued running. That was about what she expected. While the soldiers
with Nero at least had a bit of cheer to them, everyone here was morose. And frankly, who
could blame them? Their conditions sucked, they were close to nothing but catastrophic
defeat and honestly, it’d take a miracle to win. A miracle they had to provide.
Sure, no pressure.

“What’s good topside?” Ritsu hollered at a sentry who was watching over the walls.
The sentry turned and glared at Ritsu. She quickly noticed that it was the same one who had
accosted them at the gate the other day. “Don’t get chummy with me,” he snarled. “I know
your plan and I’ll be keeping my eye on you. You can’t trust a damn enemy of Rome, after
all, especially when they say they’ll fight for your side. Pah, who’d ever believe such
bullcrap anyway?”
The Master blinked in surprise, stopping. “Are you talking about Boudica?” she asked.
Once more, the glare trained back on Ritsu. “What the hell do you think?!” he snapped. “You
and that damn rebel as well. Foreigners and traitors, the lot of you. The Empire should be
won back by damn Romans, not you lot. I’ll be watching all of you for when you backstab
us, mark my words.”
Ritsu merely gave a very unimpressed stare at the soldier. “Yeah, good talking to you too,”
she replied flatly. “Freaking dingleberry,” she muttered as she continued running. Still, as
much as she wanted to ignore it, she couldn’t help but admit that many of the soldiers in the
camp were taking a very similar stance towards all of them. The sentry was the most vocal,
but she knew it was a common sentiment.
She had to sigh. As if things weren’t difficult enough already.
After a few laps, she stopped, sweat dripping down her forehead. Wiping it away with a
sleeve, she looked around. Most of the soldiers were still going about their business, though
some gave a few wary glances at her. Most likely they thought she was some sort of spy –
and given she hadn’t exactly been the most subtle in observing them, she couldn’t exactly
blame them.
A cool breeze blew by, cooling her sweat and leaving her feeling refreshed. It was a nice
feeling overall. The only thing that would make it better was if there was a nice, hot shower,
but no such luxury here. Well, she’d have to content herself with a wipedown with a hot
towel later. In the meantime, she began making her way back to the tent, stretching her arms
behind her back.
“It is good to see you training! You must always be fit to fight against oppression!”
Ritsu blinked as she turned to see Spartacus grinning down at her. She suppressed a shiver
down her back. The guy was creepy as hell but he didn’t have that… feeling she got around
either Loki or Beryl. Chances were good that he was just really, really, REALY intense.
Probably. Maybe. Maybe not. She was definitely keeping Boudica’s warning in mind,
however.
“Hey, big guy,” she greeted cordially. “You know what they say: sound body, sound mind.
What about you? What kind of workouts do you do to get ripped like that?” She nodded at
his muscles in reference. Creepy or not, the guy was built like a brick house. He was a bit too
muscular for her liking – she preferred leaner types like Cuchulainn or especially Ren – but
she couldn’t argue that he was fit as all get out. Perhaps she could get a tip or two from
him…?

With a grin, the former gladiator flexed his muscles proudly. “My strength comes from my
will to destroy all oppressors and oppression!” he boomed. “The fire within builds my body
and nourishes me, allowing me to grow even stronger! For when it comes to oppression, one
can never be strong enough. But I shall match it no matter what form it takes! Do you wish to
seek strength to destroy oppression as well, my comrade-in-arms?”
The Master forced a smile as she held up her hands in surrender. “Er, maybe another time,”
she replied. Honestly, she should’ve expected that his answer would’ve been completely
inapplicable to her, but it was worth a shot, right? Still, her smile relaxed a bit as she glanced
up at the Berserker. “Your dedication to fighting against oppression is kinda ridiculously
cool, though,” she commented. “You kinda remind me of… uh… some people I deeply
respect.”
Spartacus stared down closer at Ritsu, forcing the girl to lean back slightly. “What?!” he
roared. “There exists another that seeks to fight oppression?! I must ask you to tell me! Who
are these bravest and noblest of warriors?! Any who seeks to oppose oppression must have
their name and creed roared to the very heavens for all to hear!”
Ritsu opened her mouth, closed it, then a wry smile appeared on her face. ‘ Sorry guys,’ she
thought cheekily. ‘But it’s your fault you’re both so awesome.’
“Have you heard of the Phantom Thieves?”
The halls of Chaldea were quiet. Aside from the whirr of robots passing by or the lone
footsteps of a staff member in the distance, there wasn’t much in terms of sound. Lining one
side of the hall were large windows that showed the frigid Antarctic landscape. A cold
blizzard blew fiercely, contrasting to the serene, warm environment within. It was both
calming yet desolate at the same time.
Jeanne walked through the hall, staring at the snow. She was no stranger to it – she could still
remember the cold winters she passed with her family – but this was different altogether. For
her, snow and winter were times she huddled together with her family, telling stories to her
siblings and praying as the fireplace blazed merrily. On Sundays, they would go to service
and catch up with their neighbors. She still remembered the feel of snowballs in her hands
and against her face. Though cold and inhospitable, the snow and winter seemed to have a
way of bringing people together.
This snow, however, was different. It felt less like a natural phenomenon and more His wrath.
No, she shouldn’t think of it like that – this was the natural environment of this place, after
all. It was perhaps closer to say that such harshness was His design. And even then, life could
still survive and adapt, so gifted they were by His grace. She had to admit, the penguins
Marie had shown her were quite adorable.
She had to smile. His wonders never ceased, did they?
Turning, she noticed a door open in the hallway as she walked. Stepping closer, the saint
peered in out of curiosity. Within was a conference room, with a singular rectangular table
surrounded by chairs. On the far side against a white backdrop was a projection of a map,

with drawings and shapes marked. Jeanne couldn’t immediately tell what it was a map of –
she’d have to take a closer look. But that wasn’t what drew her attention.
Instead, her eyes rested on the sole person in the room: Artoria. In her hand was a tablet and a
stylus, which she used to move the shapes or draw and erase as necessary. She had dispelled
her armor, allowing her bare hand to more easily utilize both tools, but her focus was entirely
on the map and drawings. It definitely something she hadn’t expected whatsoever.
As soon as she stepped into the room, Artoria glanced over in surprise. “Ah, Jeanne,” she
greeted. “I hadn’t expected to see you. How do you fare?”
The saint smiled in response and bowed. “Quite well, thank you, Artoria,” she replied. It was
odd addressing the mythical King Arthur on such casual terms, but she had insisted on not
using any formal means of address or titles. As far as she was concerned, it wasn’t a meeting
between a king and a saint, but rather merely two peers speaking with one another. “You
seemed preoccupied in your study,” she remarked, looking at the map.
Artoria shook her head. “It’s no study,” she clarified. “Master Fujimaru has sent us a mission
update regarding her situation.” Adjusting the stylus in her grip, she aimed the butt of it and
pressed a button, shooting off a tiny red pointer light at the map. Jeanne watched as the red
dot illuminated each area with curiosity. Although the Grail had provided her with knowledge
of modern technology, witnessing it in person was still an experience.
“The United Roman Empire’s forces are holed up in a fortress here,” the Saber explained,
circling around some drawings on what looked to be a large hill. “Current estimates are
approximately a thousand men, plus Julius Caesar. Their fortifications are strong, and they
have plenty of weaponry and supplies. Food, water, morale, and energy are no concerns of
theirs as they are once more utilizing those artificial soldiers.”
Jeanne frowned as she took a seat at the table, following Artoria’s explanation. “I still find it
incredibly hard to believe,” she murmured. “When I marched with the French army, their
appetite for food and ale was voracious. I recall many arguments and negotiations over who
would take what shift for night watches. There were also many prayer sessions to reaffirm
faith in the Lord. This almost feels… well… unfair.”
Artoria nodded. “As far as a war goes, they hold a massive advantage,” she agreed. “They’ve
also been receiving regular reinforcements as well as what few supplies needed such as
arrows, equipment, and rations for the officers.” She circled an arrow that led to the fortress.
“Theoretically, as things stand, they can hold out almost indefinitely, or at the very least
remain in a much, much better condition than any offensive forces.”
“And speaking of offensive forces,” she continued as she pointed to a cluster of shapes a
distance away. “This is where the Roman army is stationed. From what Fujimaru reported,
they are led by the queen of Iceni, Boudica, as well as the rebel gladiator Spartacus. They
number fifteen hundred, down from the five thousand that was their original force. Their
supplies are running low, with only a pitiful resupply that came with us, and morale is
incredibly low, with no small number of defections.”

The more Jeanne heard, the more her jaw dropped. “That’s… how…?” she asked
breathlessly.
“A large combination of factors,” Artoria summed up grimly. “Not least of which is Caesar’s
oration and leadership. He has apparently considerably undermined the Romans’ efforts to
take the castle with ease. Retreat isn’t viable, so in short, the Roman army is stuck between a
hammer and anvil with no easy escape.”
Jeanne blinked again, trying to process how dire the situation was. “And you are trying to
find a way?” she asked.
Artoria nodded once more. “Indeed,” she confirmed. “After hearing of the scenario, I have
been trying to devise some counterstrategy to defeat Caesar and take the fortress. I have a few
ideas but unfortunately, they are all hindered by the Romans’ lack of supplies and low
morale.” She glanced over at the saint. “Do you know much of military strategy?” she asked.
The saintess blinked, then shook her head. “Ah, no,” she responded ruefully. “I’m
unfortunately unversed when it comes to the intricacies of war. The generals were the ones
who crafted strategy and consulted with me. Many of my victories were won through a
combination of battle and luck. I don’t believe that would be a viable method here, however.”
She finished with a small laugh, scratching her cheek. She recalled that many of her plans
were basically ‘charge straight at the enemy and work from there.’ It surprisingly worked –
until it didn’t.
The Saber seemed unbothered by the answer as she nodded again. “That’s fine,” she
reassured her. “Perhaps another perspective is what is needed here. There is something here
we can utilize, I’m simply at a loss as to what it is.” She frowned as she turned back to the
map. There were quite a few pieces in play here – the forces and circumstances on both sides,
the strengths and weaknesses of the Servants, the battlefield itself…
“Consider this a theoretical scenario,” Jeanne spoke up, staring up at the map. “If the Romans
were to engage the fortress directly, what would be the result?”
“Complete and utter defeat,” Artoria immediately answered. “The URE forces could easily
respond any number of ways. To start with, they would have war machines such as onagers
and scorpions easily mounted on the walls that could wreak havoc. They are located on a
large hill with strong walls, meaning scaling them would be immensely difficult, and thus
they would be funneled towards the front gate – leaving the Roman forces easily focused and
routed.”
As Artoria spoke, she outlined each and every point on the map, either drawing it or using the
laser pointer. “Not to mention,” she continued. “They don’t have the numbers or strength to
easily surround the fortress, meaning they could also easily sally out and slam into a flank.
And this is further assuming they don’t simply dig in their heels and just defend, thus
inevitably winning by attrition. To sum it up, a headlong assault cannot be done.”
Throughout the king’s lecture, Jeanne narrowed her eyes as her frown grew deeper, studying
the map carefully. Both women knew that such a plan was beyond idiotic, but sometimes
even the worst plans could reveal some detail they had missed, or at least narrow down what

is the most troublesome factor that needed to be dealt with. “What about the strengths of the
Servants?” the saint asked.
Artoria frowned. “Therein lies the unknown factor,” she mused. Switching to a new window,
she pulled up notes she had written down in her research. “On the Romans’ side, there is
Mash Kyrielight, Tamamo-no-Mae, Boudica, and Spartacus,” she listed out. “Among the
URE forces stationed here, presumably there is only Julius Caesar. No doubt Boudica or
Spartacus would have informed Master Fujimaru if there were any other Servants.”
Jeanne blinked. “Then at least we hold the numerical advantage, no?” she asked. “And as far
as I’m aware, both Boudica and Spartacus are capable combatants, and Tamamo-no-Mae’s
magecraft is not to be underestimated. And of course, Mash’s skills are rapidly developing.
They should be able to defeat Caesar, should they not?”
“They should,” Artoria agreed. “However, there is one issue: his class.”
The saint blinked. “His class?” she echoed.
The Saber nodded as she pointed out some notes she took of the man. “As you can see here,”
she explained. “Julius Caesar was a remarkable general and administrator. Skilled in warfare
and politics alike, he was the reason Rome was no longer a republic but an empire. However,
throughout my research, there’s one key thing I noticed: He has no legends or tales of
actually fighting.”
The saint’s eyes widened in realization. “Then… what class would he qualify as?” she asked.
Artoria breathed a sigh of frustration. “That is a good question,” she muttered. “By my
estimation, without any mention of his martial prowess or some legendary mount, he is
unlikely to be one of the knight classes or a Rider. The fact that his presence is known would
exclude the possibility of an Assassin – though it would truly be ironic if he was one. He
wasn’t a mage or even a spellcaster, so we can write off Caster. And that leaves…”
“Berserker,” Jeanne finished for her. However, she didn’t seem convinced. “But he has
proven himself with his oration abilities that he still is in control of his faculties, does he not?
I find it hard to believe that he would be a Berserker.”
“Berserkers are not all utterly mad,” Artoria pointed out. “We have both met Kiyohime and
Spartacus is among our allies. And from what Morgana reported, Tamamo Cat is a Berserker
as well, yet all three were fairy lucid overall.” That said, even the Saber didn’t seem
particularly convinced by that reasoning, staring hard at her notes and considering the
scenario in her mind. Something was missing or off here, she felt, and to proceed without
resolving that would be folly.
With a sigh, she set down her tablet and stylus. “We require more information,” she
concluded. “Especially about Caesar. I will contact Fujimaru. Would you like to come,
Jeanne?”
Jeanne considered for a second, then shook her head. “No, I will remain here for now,” she
replied with a soft smile. “I wish to consider the map and the notes further. Perhaps there was

something we both missed.”
Artoria nodded in understanding. “Very well,” she accepted. “Then I shall see you later.”
With that, she turned and walked off, turning into a shower of golden light before vanishing,
leaving the Ruler sitting by herself in the conference room.
The Ruler turned back to look at the notes and the map. Taking hold of the tablet and stylus,
she began brainstorming herself. Much as she believed in Him, he wouldn’t be able to help
here. It was all up to them.
And this entire situation would definitely require a miracle.
“Welcome back. I hope you are all well rested?”
Boudica looked over at the three girls standing around the table in the command tent with
her. Ritsu Fujimaru had dark shadows under her eyes but had a bright smile regardless. Right
beside the girl was Mash, occasionally shooting worried glances over at her Master but
otherwise made no outright comment. On the other side of the table from them was the
Caster Servant, who seemed impassive if not for the fact that her tail was swishing
impatiently from side to side.
It was only the four of them in the command tent. Any officers that normally would be privy
to their plans had either died or defected, or at the very least had proven themselves to be
ultimately untrustworthy. The last thing she needed was an officer taking her plans and
immediately running to Caesar with them. After a second loss from such a defection, she
learned not to leave anything to chance.
As for Spartacus, while he was good at tactics, his madness precluded him from really
helping with some stratagem beyond ‘destroy the oppressors’. At least the Berserker was well
aware of his limitations and was off either patrolling, training the soldiers, or keeping a
surprisingly quiet vigilance around the camp. As exasperating as it was to deal with him at
times, the Rider found him a surprisingly dependable ally when push came to shove – so long
as the push came from the right place, anyway.
Ritsu grinned in response and waved. “Eh, sleeping on hard ground never gets any easier,”
she replied easily. “But other than that, I slept like a baby. If anything, I couldn’t wait to get
to planning! After all, we got a helluva all-star group here!”
“Is that so,” Boudica replied with a small chuckle. “I thank you for your confidence.” Despite
that, her sharp eyes glanced at the other two. Neither Mash nor Tamamo seemed to
particularly share her confidence. If anything, they looked more worried and annoyed than
before, respectively. She sensed it was less from disloyalty and more concern, but until it
disrupted the fragile unity they had, it wasn’t her business to interfere.
“But anyway, let’s get the show on the road,” Ritsu exclaimed, clapping her hands for
emphasis. “Out of curiosity, were you guys able to find out what class Caesar is? It’d be
easier to plan if we knew, after all.”

The Rider blinked, then sighed. “Unfortunately, no,” she admitted. “We have not seen Caesar
in the front lines and so we don’t have a particular measure of how he fights. All he has done
is make speeches – which frankly has been far more effective than any weapon or martial
skill so far.”
The Master considered. “So, suppose all four of you decide to just bumrush the fortress and
take him out,” she mused, glancing at the Servants in the room. “It’s not like those Roman
terminators would be able to really stop you guys, right? It would certainly expedite things.
Take him out, then be back before lunchtime.”
Caster’s tail swished in annoyance. “Master, you know better than most that that would be a
most foolhardy plan,” she admonished. “A Servant could have any number of abilities, and
for someone as famed as the Roman emperor Julius Caesar, he would be a formidable foe. To
go against him without knowing of his capabilities would most likely end up in our defeat,
our greater numbers notwithstanding.”
“Not to mention,” Boudica added. “Even if he’s not able to defeat all of us, he would most
likely have the capability of delaying us, while his other soldiers sally out and attack the
remaining Romans while we’re occupied. The soldiers here wouldn’t last – it would be an
immediate rout. Even if we won, it’d be at best a pyrrhic victory.”
Ritsu blew out a breath. “Right, scratch that, then,” she muttered. She knew it wouldn’t be
easy but frankly, she was throwing stuff at a wall and seeing what stuck. Ultimately, it was
like what Artoria had said when she contacted her: They needed to know what Caesar’s class
was and what he could do. Otherwise, they were stuck in a rut. If they had Jing Ke, perhaps
she would’ve been able to scout him out – or hell, maybe even eliminate him altogether. This
definitely seemed like her specialty.
Immediately, she cursed herself. Why the hell didn’t she think about bringing Jing Ke with
her?! The whole situation was practically custom-built for her! She put a mental note to
contact Ren and see if the emperor could spare the Assassin. In such a scenario, it’d be the
smart thing to do. Hell, at this rate, it might be the only thing they could do. All they needed
to do was maybe hold out a few days, and then they’d be able to“Enemy sighted!” came a shout from outside the tent. “It's Caesar!!”
Boudica scowled. “Of course he wouldn’t pass up this opportunity,” she growled. “You guys
better come with me so you have a better idea of who and what you’re dealing with.” With
that, she marched out of the tent with an expression of pure frustration and anger etched onto
her normally fair features. The Chaldeans looked at each other before quickly following.
Climbing up the palisade, they had a clear view of the walls. It was distant but there were
details one could make out. However, Ritsu had to squint her eyes to see. While her eyesight
wasn’t horrible, trying to see this far was demanding. The most he could pick out was some
sort of red dot on top of the battlements.
“Senpai? Here.”

Glancing over, the redhead noticed that Mash was holding out a pair of binoculars for her.
With a grin, she gratefully accepted them. “What would I do without you, Mashumallow?”
she remarked. The shielder turned red for a split second before nodding with a smile, then
turned back to the wall. Ritsu had to chuckle to herself. Mash never stopped being adorable
in her eyes.
Getting back on topic, she lifted the binoculars to her eyes and looked. It took a bit of
orientation and adjusting to get a clear view, but soon she could see the URE soldiers lining
the walls. She could even see their eyeless faces, which only sent shivers down her spine.
Frankly, they wouldn’t look too out of place in a horror game with how uncanny they looked.
They even acted like horror game monsters too, with how… mechanical they were. Moving
the binoculars over, she quickly found her mark.
And could only feel her jaw drop at what she saw.
Standing there was a large man, and not large in the same way Spartacus was. She would
consider him fat if it weren’t for the fact that she could also see his broad shoulders and
powerful-looking arms. In short, the man was stout in the same way a lumberjack was. In
short, not someone Ritsu would want to mess with, Servant or no.
Aside from his body figure, everything about the man radiated authority: His rich red coat
that shone brightly in the morning sun, the laurel that rested on top of his brown hair, and his
piercing eyes as he looked towards the camp. Though he had a face that looked accustomed
to smiling and laughing, his lips were pressed in a grim line as he picked up an object. Wait,
was that a microphone?
“That’s Julius Caesar?!” Ritsu squawked before she could stop herself. She had seen
portrayals of Caesar before. The statues and other records always showed him as a lean,
strong looking man. Hell, she honestly had thought he was what would happen if you took an
eagle’s appearance and translated it to human features. She hadn’t expected that the Servant
would be quite so… well, pudgy.
But everything, from his regal demeanor to his fashion to his power… there was no
mistaking any of it.
She watched as the Roman emperor lifted the microphone to his face. “ My fellow Romans,”
his voice boomed out. “ I salute all of you for fighting and lasting so valiantly to this day.
Your loyalty is what makes the pride of the Roman Empire. Without your bravery, your
dignity, and your strength, it would crumble. Any emperor would truly be blessed to have
such capable individuals fighting with and alongside them.”
“Here I stand now as your opponent,” he continued. “ And full well I know that you are all
formidable enemies. For how are you not? Once more, you are proud Romans, fighting for
your home and for the glory of the empire. Leaving your homes and all you have known
behind to fight against your countrymen, with no guarantee that you shall be victorious?
Brave soldiers, you are to be commended.”
Ritsu noticed all around them that the soldiers were shifting uncomfortably, muttering among
themselves, and felt a shiver down her spine. Even from here, the emperor’s words had a

powerful, magnetic draw to them. She certainly started feeling guilty for dragging all these
soldiers so far to fight in a distant campaign, one where they possibly would never return
from. After all, how many of these soldiers had also seen their own comrades fall or worse, in
some distant land where they were all aloneThe Master immediately shook her head and caught herself. She knew how those thoughts
could spiral, but the fact that Caesar could cause such a thing to happen so easily was
dangerous. She glanced at Mash and Tamamo. Both of them were listening as well, with the
shielder looking more and more concerned while the Caster had her arms crossed, frowning.
Looking over, she noticed that Boudica was gritting her teeth. She was trying to find some
way to refute the emperor, but there was currently no way to do so without indirectly
insulting the soldiers as well.
“ There is one more thing the empire prizes above all, however, ” Caesar continued. “ And it
is resourcefulness. Strength may be found and gained from all corners of the world – such is
the empire’s reach and is its greatest asset. Inducting foreigners as auxiliaries and learning
from them has always been a trademark of our glory, and it proves no different now! I can
see among you new recruits! They are powerful, intelligent figures that may turn the tide of
battle! No doubt they would rise high in the empire when all is resolved!”
Blinking in surprise, she was alarmed when she heard the angry grumbling among the
soldiers get even louder. She remembered the words of the sentry earlier, decrying them for
being foreigners and traitors, and gulped. They just got an even bigger target pinned on their
backs now. She’ll have to ask Tamamo for some protective bounded fields tonight. No way in
hell would she be comfortable without them now.
“ It pains me that I must fight my own brave, loyal countrymen, ” he said, the grief in his tone
clear. “ But rest assured, I have no intention of pillaging or raiding your homes and
despoiling the people. I simply wish to bring the empire back to its full might. Proud soldiers
of Rome, I know you fight for the same cause! Know that we both fight for the same reasons!
Thus, I only ask this of you: Do what gives you pride in the end! What will allow you to stand
tall and declare yourself that you are Roman! No less! Never let anyone take that from you!”
A few of the men within the Roman camp started cheering as Caesar stepped away, only to
be violently stopped. However, the damage was done as the soldiers witnessed the violence
of their disciplinary officers. Worst off, Boudica was at a loss for words, gripping the palisade
so tightly that the wood started cracking under her white-knuckled grip. After all, how could
she, the queen of Iceni of all people, retort?
“That was Julius Caesar?” Mash commented quietly to Ritsu as the army tried to restore
order. “He’s… different in appearance, but otherwise, he seems formidable.”
“That’s putting it lightly, Mash,” the Master replied grimly. She had to amend her plans –
they couldn’t wait for Jing Ke, not when betrayal and defeat were so imminent.
“We’re in seriously deep shit.”

Chapter End Notes

If you've any questions about the background lore or the story in general, hop on my
discord! You'll get more than your fill of it!
https://discord.gg/bP5aR2Fv

Chapter 68: Caesar
Chapter Summary

Emperors are always formidable.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“So that’s what you guys have been dealing with, huh?’
They were once more back in the command tent, surrounding the table once more. Tamamo’s
seals were up, but this time there were also seals to notify her if anyone with hostile intent
approached. With how discontent the soldiers seemed to be, it seemed a prudent course of
action. Romans were unaccepting of foreigners even at the best of times, and Caesar’s words
were not helping. Mash had stuck to Ritsu like glue, utterly refusing to leave her side – a
sentiment the Master was very grateful for.
Joining them in the command tent was Spartacus. Although he hadn’t been nearby during the
speech, he had heard it all in its entirety. Given how things were getting even worse than they
already were, it seemed he deemed it prudent to join in on the conversation. He stood nearby
with his perpetual grin as always, with his arms crossed. Pretty much everyone had given him
a wide berth, which he didn’t seem to mind at any rate.
Boudica sighed tiredly. “Yes, it is,” she answered. “He gives speeches like this usually two or
three times every week, or whenever he deems prudent, like us mounting an attack or as you
just saw, receiving reinforcements. It’s more than enough to ruin the momentum of whatever
we have planned. I take it you guys see now how his oration is a problem?”
“Indeed,” Tamamo agreed, frowning as her ears twitched. “I did not think such an ability
would be such a hindrance, but listening to him speak is a different matter entirely. Just his
voice alone seems to compel me to listen, let alone his words. His effect on your men is
especially notable.” So saying, she glanced outside the tent. Although the soldiers couldn’t
see precisely what was going on in the tent, no small number were glaring at whatever they
could see within as they passed by.
“Hmph, an oppressor can oppress in many different ways,” Spartacus growled. “The emperor
in this case chooses to oppress us with his truth. Though we will break through such
oppression, its chains on the common people cannot be understated.”
Ritsu blew a sigh as she thought. “I was gonna call for backup, but I don’t think we’re gonna
have time for that,” she muttered, rubbing her temples. “Honestly, I get the sinking feeling
one of us is gonna either be poisoned, stabbed in the back, or both. Probably both. The sooner
we get this dealt with, the less we’ll have to worry about it.” She didn’t bother mentioning

that frankly, she was in the most danger of said stabbing or poisoning. Such things wouldn’t
affect Servants – though it might affect demi-Servants.
Oh right. Roman did mention that apparently, thanks to Mash’s abilities, the Masters couldn’t
be poisoned. That just left being stabbed. Oh, what fun. And the fact that their opponent right
now was Caesar made that triply ironic.
“Um, actually…” Mash started, catching the attention of everyone else. “I wanted to mention
– the portrayals and recordings of Ceasar usually had him as a very lean man. His physical
appearance as a Servant is far different than what I expected. Is this a case of inaccurate
historical records, perhaps? Or is there something else…?”
“Well, Artoria was recorded in history as a boy,” Ritsu mused. “She’s a girl, obviously, but
given boy’s clothes and/or some armor and she could pass for a very pretty boy…” Everyone
was quiet as they considered the information. Servants being different than how history
recorded them wasn’t all too uncommon – after all, how the heck could Nero be recorded as a
guy when she strutted about with her chest and rear obviously showing?! – but that still
didn’t provide a lot of information overall.
And more importantly, they were still no closer to figuring out precisely what Servant class
Caesar even was. There had to be a way to suss it out, otherwise they’d just be charging
straight to their doom. Wait… charging straight in…
“I think I have an idea,” Ritsu said slowly. “I won’t lie, it’s an incredibly stupid one and it
probably won’t work, but it’s an idea.”
Boudica gave a weary yet encouraging smile. “A bad idea is better than no ideas,” she
reassured the Master. “Let’s hear it.”
With that, Ritsu described the plan. The more she talked about it, the deeper the frowns on
Tamamo and Boudica became, and the more anxious Mash seemed to get. In contrast,
Spartacus’s grin grew wider and wider which was, as always, an unnerving sight. “This is a
rather risky plan, Ritsu,” Boudica mused. “Even with your safety measures, I’m
uncomfortable with the idea.”
The Berserker, however, laughed heartily. “To show such bravery in the face of oppression is
always a commendable act! Especially if you are allied to the legendary Phantom Thieves!”
The term drew a stare of confusion from Boudica and surprise from both Mash and Tamamo.
“I approve of this plan! There is always much to risk when fighting oppression, yet such risks
must be taken so that it can be destroyed no matter where it may take root!”
Ritsu glanced over at the Caster and the shielder. “And what about you guys?” she asked
quietly. “My plan hinges on the two of you, otherwise I really got nothing.”
Tamamo sighed. “Once more, a foolhardy plan,” she replied bluntly. “But not one without
merit. If there is no orthodox approach that will not suffice, then it should follow an
unorthodox approach must be used instead. I shall assure your safety, Master.”

Mash nodded. “As will I, senpai,” she added. “I’ll protect you no matter what happens, I
swear it. And I won’t allow myself to be swayed no matter what happens.”
The redhead chuckled, feeling the extremely tight knot in her stomach loosen just a tiny bit.
“You’re always the most adorable, reliable kouhai one could ever have,” she remarked,
lunging forward and once more wrapping her arms around the shielder, causing the lilachaired girl to splutter and blush once more. “Thanks Mash,” she murmured. “You’re the
best.”
Mash could spluttered a bit more before finally breathing out, slowly and hesitatingly
returning the hug. “O-of course,” she stammered quietly. “I’ll always watch out for you,
senpai.” Then her grip tightened as a determined light crept into her eyes. “I promise.”
Tamamo watched them with a soft smile. They’re both growing up so fast. Glancing over, she
observed the other two Servants. Even Spartacus’s typical grin seemed softer as usual.
Boudica’s was warm and… wistful? She wondered at it for a bit, then shrugged. Not her
business.
After all, these two girls were going to be a handful as is.
The view from the fortress was spectacular. From here, one could see the rolling fields
stretching into the horizon, the distant mountains, and the verdant forests. And closer to view
was the gleam of polished armor and shields as soldiers patrolled the grounds and the walls,
ever vigilant for trouble and invaders both within and without. All surrounded by strong
fortress walls that, while weathered and battered, were in no way close to crumbling. Sure, it
could do with some stonemason work, but there really wasn’t much better for defense.
And all of it felt like a gigantic mockery to the emperor.
Caesar absentmindedly swirled the cup of wine as he stared out at the Roman camp directly
across the open field. He had a decorum to keep, but it was getting harder by the day. He was
a Roman, and he was proud of it. Everything he had done in life had been for the glory of
Rome, and by association his own glory. He had done it for the people, the empire. To see
them all flourishing and have them praise his name were some of the greatest joys and honor
he could receive.
And yet, here he was in this fortress, attacking the Roman empire with hollow facsimiles of
its proud soldiers, and forced to fight because of that mage Lev. Standing against him was the
empire itself, led by the infamous queen of Iceni, Boudica, who had her home and family
razed and despoiled by the Romans, and the rebel gladiator Spartacus. Frankly, all of this was
so absurd and infuriating that he couldn’t help but laugh at… well, all of it.
The fact that he was also made rather corpulent as a Servant as opposed to his normally lean
physique was undoubtedly rubbing salt in the wound.
But there was nothing for it. He couldn’t directly help the empire – directly going against his
Master would only prove to be far more troublesome in the long run – but he could at least do
his worst, allowing him to be more easily defeated. The problem was that his ‘worst’ still

wasn’t enough. Everything had been so stacked in his favor that victory was more or less
inevitable. It was like trying to keep a ball from rolling down a cone.
Frankly, he was so frustrated he wanted to roar, but it would serve little purpose. There was
no one he could speak to about this. All his fellow Servants were too far away, he trusted
none of his officers, and the soldiers… that was an excuse in futility if he ever heard one. It
was just him here, trying his damndest to lose in a non-obvious way, and failing. Ah, the
irony.
He could only sigh as he sipped his wine, thinking back to his life. What would his dear wife
say about all of this? Between the two of them, they would’ve thought of even better methods
to lose without being too incredibly obvious about it. Perhaps they could even sneak out –
France was known for its wine and countryside, after all. It wasn’t as grand as the heartland
of the empire, but it would do for a nice vacation. Cesarion would probably enjoy it too.
Children should travel when they can, and the son of an emperor and empress even more so.
His ruminations were interrupted by a small flurry of motion outside. Blinking in surprise, he
narrowed his eyes to get a better view. A white bird? Well, the sight of those were common
enough, but this one seemed to be flying awfully close. Wait, no, it was flying right towards
him. As it got closer, he noticed that it wasn’t a bird – or rather, not a real one. He reached
out with an outstretched hand, and it landed on his palm: a paper crane.
How curious. It must’ve been from one of the foreign Servants he saw entering the camp the
other day. And it was clear there was writing on it. While he was loathe to ruin such a lovely
craft, it had to be done. Gently pulling apart the crane, it unfolded into a small square of
paper and read the message.
‘Your majesty,’ it read. ‘We wish to meet with you so that we can speak. Can we meet tonight
and talk? We can meet in your fortress if that works out for you.’
Caesar blinked in surprise. This certainly wasn’t what he had been expecting. The
handwriting wasn’t elegant nor particularly neat, but it was legible. The vernacular wasn’t
incredibly formal either. Again, it must’ve been written by one of the foreigners. He had to
wonder exactly what their plan was. Were they going to kill him as soon as they met while
his guard was down, just like how he had been killed in life?
Still, the appearance of the new foreigners combined with the method of sending this
message had aroused his curiosity. Taking a quill and ink, he wrote his reply. ‘The side gates
shall be open to you tonight,’ he wrote. ‘I look forward to meeting you and yours. – Gaius
Julius Caesar.’ With that, he wondered how he was going to send the message back to the
camp when the paper suddenly folded itself back up into a crane, then easily soared back out
the window with a small flap of its wings. Before long, it was a white dot before vanishing
from view into the countryside.
For the first time since he had been summoned for this mockery of a war, he had to genuinely
chuckle. This was certainly interesting. Turning, he walked out of the bedroom in far higher
spirits than before. Preparations were needed for his guests, after all, and he would be
bringing shame to his station if he received them poorly. This would be a most amusing time
for him. And perhaps it would even lead to his downfall.

What an odd thing to be excited about.
“I honestly thought this would be a lot harder,” Ritsu remarked.
Ritsu, Mash, and Tamamo watched as the side gate opened ponderously for them. Although
there was a much smaller door cut into the gate itself to allow for a smaller quantity of
visitors, it was clear that they were getting some special treatment here. It had been a matter
of sneaking out of the camp and making sure they weren’t noticed or followed – there would
be absolute hell to pay if they were found out, after all. Thankfully, it had been a simple
matter of leaving decoys in their tents, then vaulting over the palisade when the patrols
weren’t looking.
Once more, the Master was extremely grateful she brought a Caster as versatile as Tamamo
along. Whipping up magecraft for decoys and stealth was child’s play for her.
“That is because that was the easy part, Master,” the Caster gently admonished as she
watched the gates opening impassively. “I do not think I need to remind you to keep your
wits about you – if Caesar at such an impersonal distance already had such an effect on us,
then I cannot imagine what him directing his attention at us will be like.”
“Oh, pft, all he’s got is a big mouth,” Ritsu scoffed. “We got this.”
Tamamo shot her Master a small glare, then noticed the redhead was tapping her thigh
nervously. The girl was trying to keep her nerve and only partially succeeding. Mash in turn
had moved closer to Ritsu, eyeing the URE soldiers on the walls above. None of them had
moved, but they were ‘staring’ down at them without moving so much as a muscle. To say it
was unnerving was putting it mildly.
The gate fully opened, revealing row upon row of soldiers flanking the path. All of them held
shields and gladii, standing at attention as they stared ahead. They made a clear path that led
into the main keep of the fortress.
“Well, Caesar is definitely extra,” Ritsu quipped before gulping nervously.
Mash glanced over in curiosity. “Extra?” she asked.
“It means that he just goes above and beyond in terms of aesthetics or showing off,” Ritsu
answered. “Granted, since Caesar’s a Roman emperor, it’s probably to be expected with him.
Nero probably would be ridiculously extravagant too if it weren’t for the fact that she has her
back to the wall.” She remembered Nero was known for his/her extravagance in life. But
then, given how much of it was propaganda, it was hard to say for certain.
Then she thought back to how Nero acted and huffed a breath in amusement. Yeah, she
definitely would be extra as hell.
“Would Ren be considered ‘extra’ then?” Mash asked, tilting her head in curiosity.

Ritsu barely restrained herself from laughing at Mash’s very innocent question with a very
audible snort. “Er…” she stammered, the telltale tremor in her voice extremely clear. “He can
probably qualify. I just need to see him do more stuff first.” Racing off into the pass might
qualify, but she had a feeling the guy would just love to show off if he could. It’s just the
situation they were in didn’t exactly allow for it. But yeah, only Nero would rival him in
being extra if that was the case.
“While a pleasant conversation, you two,” Tamamo interrupted. “Perhaps we should get
moving.”
The Master blinked, then chuckled ruefully. “Yeah, we should go,” she agreed. With that,
they proceeded into the fortress. Both Mash and Tamamo drew closer to her while keeping a
wary eye on the soldiers all around them. Their worries only compounded as the gate slowly
shut behind them. These soldiers were no match for two Servants, but while protecting a
Master at the same time? That was a hard ask.
Despite their caution, the soldiers didn’t react whatsoever, still staring straight ahead as the
three walked past them. They were as still as statues, adding to their eeriness. Before long,
they were at the keep, where more soldiers standing guard shepherded them through the
winding hallways and staircases. Finally, they came upon one grander door, which slowly
opened – revealing a throne room, with a red carpet leading up to the throne. The walls were
decorated with paintings, tapestries, and curtains as the evening sun filtered into the room,
giving everything a surprisingly bright, regal glow.
And sitting on a surprisingly simple throne was the Servant himself. He glanced up as they
stepped in and smiled, standing up. As they approached, Ritsu felt more and more cowed by
his presence. He wasn’t the lean figure that history portrayed him as, but he had an air of
confidence and power to him that was intimidating. And though he was on the fatter side, it
was more stocky than obese – the kind of stocky that could knock out people in one punch,
push came to shove.
All in all, despite looking different than expected, there was no doubt the person standing in
front of them was the Roman emperor, Gaius Julius Caesar.
“And here are our guests of honor!” he remarked loudly. He opened his arms in a gesture of
welcome. “Welcome to Gaul! It isn’t Rome or any of the other great cities, but it shall
suffice! Ah, but you have me at a disadvantage. You already know who I am – word of my
presence has spread far and wide, after all – but I must trouble you and ask for
introductions.”
Ritsu and Mash glanced at each other. There was nothing for it – if they wanted information
from Caesar, they needed to at least give him a bit in order to smooth things over. “I’m
Ritsuka Fujimaru,” the Master replied. “A Master affiliated with the Chaldea Security
Organization. Just call me Ritsu. It’s an honor to meet you, your majesty.”
“Oh no, my dear, the honor is mine,” Caesar replied, his smile widening. Despite his friendly
nature, Ritsu noticed that his eyes hadn’t wandered from him or the other two in the slightest.
He was taking in every bit of detail he could, both from the obvious sources and from the less
obvious ones. The scrutiny felt much like when they first talked to Nero. However, Nero had

every reason to ignore or dismiss anything that might harm her or her men’s impression of
them. Caesar most likely wouldn’t be so kind.
“I am Mash Kyrielight of Chaldea,” Mash introduced herself. “I am a demi-Servant. Class
Shielder. It is an honor to meet you as well, your majesty.”
That got Caesar’s eyebrow to rise, causing Ritsu to admonish herself in realization. Right –
demi-Servants and a Shielder class Servant weren’t exactly common. Mash was definitely
one of a kind in that regard. The emperor was eyeing her with renewed interest but it was too
late now. They had to hope that he wouldn’t or couldn’t leverage the information for his own
purposes.
The Master was already starting to regret coming here. She had brought a knife to the
proverbial gunfight – and said guns were full-on miniguns.
Tamamo gave the emperor an impassive stare. “I am Servant Caster,” she replied simply. Her
tone made it clear that that was all he would get out of her. Caesar simply nodded in response
without showing any displeasure.
“Very well then,” Caesar accepted easily. “Then, Ritsu, Mash, and Caster. Once more, I
welcome you. But…” He glanced outside the window as the orange daylight steadily dimmed
with the sun sinking below the horizon. “It is getting late and it would not do for an emperor
to be a poor host.” He grinned broadly. “Please, I implore you to stay for dinner. Discussions
are far better conducted over plentiful food and good wine than in such a room, wouldn’t you
agree?”
The invitation left the three blinking in surprise as they all glanced at each other. They had
expected talks in this very throne room, not invited to dinner. Was this some sort of trap? The
jovial face of Caesar didn’t show any such thing but given how the man was a master
statesman, his expression didn’t mean much. Noticing her hesitation, the emperor chuckled.
“You need not worry about the food being poisoned – I need to eat as well, of course,” he
reassured them. “If it settles you, you may have your Caster check for any poisons or toxins
that may or may not have been added.”
Ritsu blinked again before turning to Tamamo. “Er, can you?” she asked hesitatingly.
The miko’s face was impassive once more. However, a twitch of her ears and tail was enough
of a sign to show her irritation. “It is a trifling matter, Master,” she confirmed. “I can even
purge the poisons if necessary. If you wish to stay this course of action, then I shall perform
my duties as your Servant.”
The Master winced a bit. Her words said one thing, but her tone made it abundantly clear her
actual meaning: they were going to have a talk after this is done, and it won’t be the kind that
Ritsu would enjoy. But there was nothing for it – they were here now and needed to get this
done.
“Well, in that case, lead the way,” Ritsu replied. “Honestly, I can’t say no to a free meal.”
And it most likely wasn’t poisoned. Probably. Maybe. Well, at least Caster would be able to
handle it, just in case. She was clinging to whatever silver lining she could, with some partial

success. Mash moved a bit more closely to her – wait, Mash was with her! Why was she
worried about poisoning?! Still, it was for the best to not make any mention of that. The less
information she gave to Caesar, the better.
With a satisfied nod, Caesar walked down from the raised floor where his throne had been
situated and made his way towards a side door. Despite his large size, he somehow still made
walking look regal. Seriously, how does one do that? Maybe it just came with being an
emperor? Nero would probably be the same way too. Then she shook her head. She needed to
focus. Her thoughts had a weird way of going on tangents when she was nervous, after all.
A facsimile soldier opened the door, allowing them all to pass through. As they walked,
something slid out of Tamamo’s sleeves and drifted off. Only the Chaldeans noticed what she
had done, and it was clear the URE soldiers weren’t going to properly react. With any luck, it
would stay that way. For now, all of them continued to follow Caesar without pausing or
slowing down. Best to pretend that there was nothing else going on.
On the other side of the door was a grand hall, richly decorated with more paintings and
curtains. There were windows high above, allowing the fading light in to illuminate the
dining hall. Despite that, more soldiers were going about lighting the scones mounted on the
sides of the wall. The centerpiece was a long dining table, surrounded by chairs. The entire
table was filled with a good number of dishes, ranging from slow-cooked pork and fishes to
various salads and greens, as well as breads dipped in honey and garlic.
All in all, compared to the fare she had even when dining with Nero, it was practically a
feast. They all took their seats, with Caesar at the head of the table and the three girls on
either side – Ritsu and Mash together, and Tamamo by herself. Ritsu was truly feeling a sense
of déjà vu from all the times she had dined with Nero.
Speaking of the Caster, the fox miko had tossed out a talisman, which glowed for a moment
before fading away, quietly withdrawing back into her hand. Probably something to help deal
with any poison that may or may not have been in the food. Caesar watched the talisman
before smiling over at Tamamo. “I assume the paper crane was your handiwork as well?” he
asked. “It was quite a simple yet beautiful construction. You have my earnest compliments,
Caster.”
The Caster huffed, her ears twitching once more. “I thank you for your compliments, your
majesty,” she murmured. “Though it wouldn’t do to flatter one such as me. I have been
known to bring kingdoms to ruin, after all.” The threat wasn’t exactly very subtle, leaving
Ritsu gulping as Mash glanced between the two anxiously.
Caesar nodded sagely. “Yes, I would’ve thought as such, Tamamo-no-Mae,” he replied
understandingly. All three immediately turned to stare at the emperor in shock, who only
chuckled. “Come now, it wasn’t too hard a matter to solve,” he remarked. “A talisman is an
Eastern form of magecraft, and Caster has a fox tail and ears. Coupled with her comment
about bringing kingdoms to ruin and there are precious few who matched all points. Your
reactions were simply the last bit of confirmation I needed.”
Once he finished explaining, he took a cup of wine and happily drank. Ritsu and Mash could
only look at each other wide-eyed before turning to look at Tamamo. The Caster looked equal

parts embarrassed and infuriated she had been figured out so quickly. It was evident that
despite all her warnings, she had also underestimated the Roman emperor as well. They were
at every disadvantage now. Caesar knew far too much about them and they had learned
nothing so far except his decadence.
“So, your majesty,” Mash hesitatingly called out, drawing the emperor’s attention. “We heard
your speech the other day. It’s clear that you are loyal to the Roman empire. May we ask why
you wish to fight against the empire?”
Caesar raised an eyebrow. “Why, have I not explained the other day?” he asked. “It’s to bring
the empire back to its full glory. As it is now, the strength of the Roman Empire wanes by the
day, with its people wavering in terms of loyalty and strength. It is a simple matter of
prodding at the seams and watching it all rupture. It is a most saddening sight for me. And
thus, I fight.”
“So, what, you’re gonna do your usual shtick then?” Ritsu asked, raising an eyebrow (both
Mash and Caesar noted the Master had already piled her plate high with food to their
surprise, but that was neither here nor there). “You’re just gonna conquer whatever you see
just like you did in life? I suppose old habits die hard.”
The emperor blinked, then boomed with laughter. “Ha! Indeed!” he declared. “As I have
declared in life, ‘Veni, Vidi, Vici!’ If the Roman empire stands as my opposition, then I simply
must do the same as I always have! That is my prerogative, after all, as an emperor!”
Ritsu forced a grin on her face. While she admired the man in front of her, there was no doubt
that his words sent cold shivers down her spine. “Guess death doesn’t entirely change a
person, does it?” she asked, fighting to keep the snark out of her tone. “Especially one as
ambitious and glorious as one in your station.”
Caesar once more laughed, but as he looked back at Ritsu, his eyes had become much
sharper. Was it in anger? Was it a challenge? Or was it something else entirely? Either way,
the Master was transfixed by the man’s stare. “Death is many things, young Master,” he
answered. He was still smiling, but it was a far more complicated one than Ritsu had ever
seen on a person. “As is life. A Servant of all people should be aware of both, and what it can
teach.”
“And what did they teach?” Mash asked quietly.
The emperor didn’t answer for a moment as his smile slowly fell. “That sometimes, glory
beyond measure is not worth as much as one thinks,” he replied quietly. For a moment, the
proud former ruler of Rome looked considerably diminished. No longer was the glorious
conqueror and dominator of countless lands. In his place now was a man who looked tired,
battered by life, and filled with regrets.
A moment later, however, Caesar regained his composure as if remembering where he was
and who he was talking to. “But that matters little in the present,” he declared. “In the end,
my sword shall cleave a new path through this old empire. I shall be the sole one to sit upon
the throne at the end, regardless of those in front, beside, or behind me! Thus, I shall declare

once more – Veni, Vidi, Vici!” With that declaration, he threw his head back and loudly
laughed.
Ritsu huffed an impatient breath. The emperor had set the entire pace and tone of the
conversation. They had far too little they could go on. Still, he had his customary pride that
could only come from being a Roman emperor, and one of the most well-known ones too.
His declarations were especially boastful, saying that his sword would cleave a new path
through the old (and supposedly, his) empire. Wait… his sword…
The redhead’s eyes widened as she began thinking about what he had just said in front of
them. Did he let something slip? She glanced back up at Caesar and saw that his eyes and
smile softened into a nigh-genuinely happy, warm expression. No, he didn’t ‘let’ it slip. It
was deliberate.
With a shock, she remembered Leonidas and what he said as well as how he acted. She
immediately connected the pieces together. Both him and Caesar were in the same position.
“Now then, I believe I have regaled you with my speeches enough,” Caesar declared. “Come,
the food is getting cold, and I will not have my guests leave here hungry tonight.”
Ritsu and Mash glanced at each other once more, then decided there was nothing for it, and
tucked in. Tamamo also did the same, albeit in a far more reserved manner. The habits she
had gained throughout her life weren’t about to easily leave her, after all, excellent foreign
cuisine or not.
And if Caesar had actually noticed what the Caster had been doing the entire time he had
been talking to Ritsu and Mash, he showed no sign of it.

Chapter End Notes

If you've questions on the story or lore, come over to the Discord! You'll get more than
you can handle!
https://discord.gg/C4Csc6eW

Chapter 69: Explosion
Chapter Summary

Sometimes, subtlety isn't the right play.

Chapter Notes

Merry Christmas! Have an early present!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Night quietly set on the landscape. Torches and braziers had been lit up and down the camp,
illuminating the area. The tents cast long, odd shadows, not helped by their damaged
conditions and holes, playing at the senses and paranoia of even the most stalwart soldiers.
The rank and file took their usual shifts, trained, or did what they could to relax, typically by
gambling or drinking – albeit under strict supervision. The fortress across the field had also
lit torches. Whether the facsimiles actually required light or it was merely an elaborate act,
nobody knew for certain.
Boudica sighed. She was in the command tent, sitting down on a stool as she stared at the
map of the area. She had been doing this for months: figuring out paths and tactics for war,
how to lead her men, brushing up on Roman tactics, and more. It had been difficult to get
them to trust her and Spartacus, and she really couldn’t blame them – her last living
memories had been in a mad rage against the empire for despoiling her home and her
daughters, and Spartacus was one bad phrase away from labeling them all ‘oppressors’ and
destroying them.
And just when things seemed to be looking up and they were finally a more cohesive unit,
then came Gaul and Caesar. Circumstances at the emperor had slowly but sure dismantled
both their forces and their morale. Competent as both she and Spartacus were, it simply
wasn’t a battle they could easily win, not with so much stacked against them. The two simply
could charge in and deal with Caesar and his forces themselves, but what message would that
send to their men? War was far more than just a victory on the field – which was why this
was ultimately so difficult.
Over and over, the Rider had to ponder the sheer irony of the situation. Here she was fighting
against false Roman forces with genuine Romans. And the one who led the Roman empire
was the very emperor who oversaw the greatest tragedies of her life. When she first saw who
she was to aid, both words and thoughts utterly failed her. It was like some god had decided
to play perhaps the cruelest conceivable prank on her.

She was prepared for many things: to be marked as an enemy and mark them as an enemy in
turn, to be an object of scorn and ridicule, perhaps even to be executed immediately. What
she hadn’t expected after she had revealed herself to Nero was for the emperor’s face to
immediately pale in horror and shock. Not in fear of her own life – Boudica knew what such
an expression looked like all too well – but out of… guilt? Dread? Something else?
There in the face of the one responsible for so much of her pain and suffering, the cause of
her legend and her death, was nothing she could fully understand.
They spoke no words to each other. The emperor had dismissed the Rider from her presence
but hadn’t ordered anything else – no execution, confinement, torture, not even additional
soldiers to keep watch on her. A couple days later, she and Spartacus were dispatched to deal
with the URE forces encroaching to the north of the empire. Nero hadn’t approached to speak
with her again. As to why, the Iceni queen could only speculate. The emperor didn’t
particularly strike her as a coward nor callous, but to not speak to her once more… Well,
there could be a lot of reasons behind it.
Still, she was summoned to do what needed to be done here. The sooner it was done, the
sooner she could get away from this outright farce of a war.
Then there were these foreign reinforcements. She was told there would be three auxiliaries
coming that would help turn the tide of battle if it was necessary. The fact that there were
only three auxiliaries sent could only mean they were Servants. There was no other way three
people could turn the tide of battle so well otherwise.
But then, she was confronted with three girls. The Caster seemed to be alright, but then there
was Mash Kyrielight, the demi-Servant, and her Master, Ritsuka Fujimaru. Those two were
very green, obviously unused to combat. Her heart practically sank into her stomach as she
saw the two fresh faces, obviously trying to stay brave in the face of war.
They reminded her far too much of her daughters.
If she had her way, she would’ve shielded them from this whole conflict, maybe had them do
something more peaceful yet productive. But Ritsu had a fire in her eyes born from both the
willingness and desperation to do something about their situation, anything, and Mash would
follow her into the depths of hell if need be. How could she deny those two spirits – at least,
without them charging off to do something stupid anyway and getting themselves hurt? And
at any rate, they were still out of options.
Through the front entrance of her tent, she stared out at the unmoving fortress, the dots of the
URE soldiers’ torches moving to and fro steadily and unceasingly. There had been no odd
movements or indications the three had been caught, but given what those soldiers were like,
that meant nothing. Enough time passed for her to start being increasingly worried. She could
only hope they were safe and soundSuddenly, the entrance flaps of the tent moved despite there being no wind. A moment later,
Ritsu, Mash, and Tamamo appeared out of thin air, causing the Rider to jump slightly in
surprise before breaking out into a relieved smile. “Welcome back, you three,” she greeted
warmly.

Ritsu grinned. “We’re back!” she chirped. “Sorry we’re late - Caesar had us over for dinner.
We couldn’t bring you any leftovers, but I think we got something almost as good:
Information and preparations. Will that do?”
Despite herself, Boudica chuckled. “I think I can tide myself over with that,” she replied.
“What do you have?”
With the return of the three, the discussion began in earnest. Tamamo had once more set up
talismans as they had come in to prevent them from being eavesdropped or spied on. Caesar
figured out the true identity of the Caster and probably could make reasonable guesses
towards what Mash could do. There was nothing they could do about that – the emperor was
a perceptive, formidable foe, and the three had engaged him on his home territory in terms of
diplomacy. They could only proceed forward.
On the other hand, Ritsu elaborated on what they had learned from Caesar in turn. That the
emperor really wasn’t trying in the war and in fact was probably trying to lose was something
Boudica knew a long time ago. After all, right now it would be child’s play for him and his
army to simply sally out and route them then and there. Still, hearing that confirmation didn’t
do wonders for Boudica’s mood. Everything was simply far too lopsided in Caesar’s favor.
However, the phrase that his sword would cut the way… Boudica racked her brain and came
to the same conclusion as the others: assuming he wasn’t lying, he was most likely a Saber
class. Normally, such news would be troubling as Saber classes were known to be powerful,
but none of them knew of any legends or records of him using a sword. As a Saber, he would
most likely be relatively weak.
“Still, it’s a double-edged sword,” Boudica mused. “We don’t know his Noble Phantasm or
how good his swordsmanship is. It’s probably a good idea if we remain wary of his
capabilities.” The others nodded in agreement. Just because Caesar was theoretically in a
weaker class for him didn’t mean he wasn’t dangerous. Far from it. Most likely they would
have to figure it out on the fly.
Then there was the matter of Caster’s preparations. “I was able to do more than I expected,”
she reported. “We didn’t need to use any of our contingencies either. I’m surprised myself.”
Before the Chaldeans had departed for the fortress, they had discussed various strategies and
tactics for escaping, worst came to worst. Both Boudica and Spartacus were ready to charge
in solo if it had been necessary. Yet all those plans ended up unneeded in the end.
“Do you think Caesar didn’t notice?” Mash inquired.
Tamamo huffed. “That man was able to figure out my true identity almost immediately,” she
grumbled. “I don’t doubt he noticed immediately. Despite that, he turned a blind eye to
whatever I had been doing.”
The shielder’s eyes widened. “Then…” she whispered. “Could this be a trap…?”
A heavy silence followed Mash’s obvious question. Ritsu huffed and ran a hand through her
hair. “Welp, even if it is, we gotta spring it or we’re getting nowhere,” she declared. “But I
don’t think it is one. Not with Caesar anyway.”

The Caster raised a skeptical eyebrow. “And how are you so sure of this, Master?” she asked.
That was the million-dollar question, wasn’t it? Everything they learned about Caesar, every
preparation they made could simply be a trail of breadcrumbs right into a trap. The emperor
was certainly cunning enough for it. And yet, Ritsu thought of how wistful Caesar seemed to
be when talking about life and death, as well as the smile he had when she had noticed his
‘slip up’. That brushed away her doubts. “Call it a hunch,” the Master replied confidently
with a cheeky smile.
Boudica frowned as Tamamo sighed in sheer exasperation before giving a tired smile. “Well,
we don’t have anything else at this point,” she resignedly said. “Very well. We’ll trust your
judgement for now, Ritsu. All three of you have worked incredibly hard, and I thank you. Is
there anything else that needs to be addressed before we proceed?”
The three looked at each other, then shook their heads. With that, everything proceeded
apace. Boudica would brief Spartacus on the whole situation – the Berserker had been
patrolling outside of the fortress as part of their contingencies – and the two would organize
the Roman forces. Everything would happen before dawn, when it would have the most
effect. Every detail was discussed and handled as thoroughly as possible.
After all, this oncoming battle would decide everything. The Roman forces were simply too
exhausted in terms of supplies, manpower, and spirit to continue their current course any
further. Either they won and captured Gaul, or they lost and were utterly routed. Normally not
an ideal situation at all, but that was all they had.
Once all was said and done, everyone went their separate ways. Ritsu went to bed early,
given the early hour of the operation. Tamamo went to make sure all her preparations were
still in place, and then some. Spartacus hadn’t returned yet, but it would just be a matter of
time. Boudica would fill him in on the plan – he was to be the vanguard, after all. There was
much to be done tonight.
Boudica had been on her way to rally the troops when she glanced over and saw Mash up on
the palisade, staring at the fortress. The surrounding soldiers occasionally shot her paranoid
glances as they always did, but otherwise gave her a wide berth. The shielder looked
almost… forlorn in her eyes.
The Rider shook her head, smiling to herself. Mash wasn’t her daughter, but she reminded
her too much of them. Still, perhaps there was a little something she could do. She quietly
stepped up to the palisade and casually approached Mash. “See anything in particular?” she
remarked casually.
Mash almost jumped in surprise at the approaching Rider. “Ah, sorry, Miss Boudica,” she
apologized. “I didn’t notice you.”
Boudica raised her hands. “No, no need to apologize,” she replied. “I did kind of sneak up on
you, after all.” The Rider leaned over the palisade, staring in the same direction Mash had
been. “It’s a quiet evening, isn’t it?” she gently asked.

The shielder nodded a bit absentmindedly. “Yes, it is,” she murmured. She seemed to be
contemplating something and though Boudica was curious, she wasn’t about to intrude. They
simply stood in companionable silence. “Erm, Ms. Boudica?” Mash finally spoke up.
“Hm?”
“How are you able to keep going?” she asked quietly. “The situation is dire, and your men
don’t trust you. And… and you’re fighting for the Roman empire. Most people would give up
or leave, but… you and the people I’ve met have almost never given up. So… how are you
able to continue?” The girl paused, then flinched. “I apologize,” she added. “That was a very
strange question and I don’t mean to doubt you or-“
“No, no, it’s quite fine,” Boudica quickly reassured her. “It’s a good question, after all.” The
Rider was quiet as she thought about how to answer her. The shielder had a point - she could
have simply left and watched as the empire that took her family away from her burned. The
fact that it was from another Roman empire was simply irony on top of that. Frankly,
everyone expected her to just abandon the war. Even she had expected herself to do so.
Yet here she stayed, fighting for a war she didn’t believe in, for a side she by all rights
despised, against forces not dissimilar to the ones she butchered in her rage in life, with men
who would love nothing more than to get rid of her one way another, and alongside the
legendary rebel gladiator who was in a similar situation.
“There’s really no easy answer, Mash,” she replied softly. “Many people fight and persist for
their own reasons. For me…” Boudica paused for a second, wondering how to put this, then
softly chuckled. “I guess the long and short of it is that it’s the right thing to do,” she
murmured with a sad smile. “Even if it’s for those I hate, it’ll at least help and preserve more
lives than if I did nothing. It will guide everything back into a proper future, for better or
worse. That’s why I fight.”
The shielder blinked, pondering her words with a frown. “Is… is that really it?” Mash
ventured to ask. The lilac-haired girl flinched inwardly at such a bold question, but she had a
feeling there was more to it, and Ren-senpai probably would push to get to the bottom of
things. It was just a gut feeling, but perhaps it was better to listen to it rather than simply her
mind. But if she offended Boudica, then she would need to apologizeHer ruminations were interrupted as Boudica chuckled quietly. “You’re bolder than I give
you credit for, Mash,” she commented with an amused smile. She turned back to the fortress,
her smile slowly fading away. “You’re aware of my legend, yes?” she whispered. “I was the
queen of the Iceni. I had no grudges against the Roman empire then. If anything, I desired
peace with them and was open to any and all diplomatic talks. It may have been our way to
future prosperity.”
The Rider sighed, ages of bitterness and grief in the sound. “But then, my husband passed
away,” she continued. “And the former emperor was succeeded by Nero. With her came new
magistrates who levied heavy taxes, seized our territories, and enslaved our people. We
struggled bitterly against them and were only met with scorn and disdain. And…” Her voice
trailed off. Her daughters. They were innocent and kind, yet they only found cruelty in the
hands of the Romans.

“I’ve done much, Mash,” she whispered. “Much of it I’m not proud of. Was I justified? Many
say I was, and many say I wasn’t. But no matter what the answer was, there’s no denying that
I spilled a lot of innocent blood, even that of mothers like me and their children. I was no
better, honestly, than the Romans. Right now, I’m just pointing my sword in a direction that
hopefully ensures a better future for everyone. Or rather, ensures a future, period. Even…
even if I have to fight for those that have once ruined my people and my family.”
Mash listened with a mix of curiosity and horror. Admittedly, she hadn’t been able to look
into the history of Boudica all that much, but even she knew that the queen had gone through
and caused much tragedy. Her words failed her, and all she could feel was guilt for asking
such a personal question of Boudica. But it at least did give her an answer to why Boudica
continued to fight when she could’ve left, despite everything. It wasn’t the answer she was
looking for herself, but it was an answer, nevertheless. One she would have to contemplate
and think about once everything has settled.
Boudica smiled sadly. “Sorry, that was a pretty heavy story,” she noted apologetically. “What
about you, Mash? What keeps you going despite everything?”
The shielder blinked in surprise at the sudden question. “Um…” she stammered. That was a
fair and simple yet complicated question. What could she tell her? How could she tell her?
And more importantly, what answer did she even have?
She thought back to the bombing. Chaldea was in flames, the alarm klaxons loud yet muffled
in her ears. A gigantic chunk of cement had crushed her lower body. Surprisingly, it didn’t
hurt much – or rather, she couldn’t feel anything from the waist down. She felt faint and
weak, probably from blood loss and shock. Screams and shouts filled her ears, but none of
them directed at her. Well, that was to be expected - she was made to be expendable, after all.
It was a fate she had long since accepted.
Then suddenly, Ren-senpai showed up. Despite the hell around him, he did all he could to
save her. She remembered his grey eyes etched with worry and calculation, trying to figure
out how to get her out. She also remembered the soft fur of Mr. Morgana, believing it was
one of the last sensations she would ever feel. And she even jeopardized her senpai’s safety,
selfishly asking to hold his hand… and he agreed without hesitation.
She believed in him, and she knew he believed in her in turn. But was that enough? Had it
ever been?
“I fight for… for my Masters,” she hesitatingly replied. “My senpais. They’re risking
themselves for the world, after all. And they have shown and taught me many things. I wish
to protect them and stand by them, no matter what.”
Boudica didn’t say anything, instead staring straight at Mash. The shielder couldn’t help but
fidget a bit under the Rider’s piercing stare. She was reminded of the disappointed expression
from Nero when she told her the same thing. Was there something wrong with her answer?
“That’s a good goal and reason,” she commented. “But something tells me there’s more to it
than that.”
“There… is?” Mash asked hesitatingly, caught off guard. That, she didn’t expect.

The Rider smiled sympathetically. “Maybe you don’t notice it yet, but there’s a spirit burning
within you,” she explained. “I don’t doubt you wish to protect and stand by them, but there’s
more than that, I think. Perhaps it’s something else? Maybe it’s to prove yourself equal or
greater? Maybe it’s to take your own steps into a future you don’t know?”
She stopped, then chuckled. “Or maybe I’m just being presumptuous,” she finished ruefully.
“Whatever the case, I think there’s more to you, Mash, than you think. You’re definitely
going to grow up to be an amazing woman, I just know it.”
Mash gaped a bit. “How are you so sure?” she asked in surprise.
Boudica chuckled. “Call it a mother’s intuition,” she replied with a cheeky grin. Then she
paused, pondering. “Or I guess more of an older sister’s intuition,” she mused. “It’s hard to
say. But either way, that’s something I know for sure, Mash. Never worry about that.”
The shielder was left blinking in surprise at the smile of the Rider, then forced one of her
own. “Thank you for your confidence in me, Boudica,” she murmured with a small bow.
“And thank you for the conversation. It was enlightening.”
The Rider smiled warmly. “Anytime,” she accepted. “Now, you should probably get some
sleep as well. We’ve an early day tomorrow. But first…” Mash looked over in askance as
Boudica trailed off and blinked with surprise as she saw the Rider standing there, arms
outstretched. “I think perhaps you need something to soothe the mind,” she stated. “Come
here, Mash.”
The shielder blinked again, then hesitantly stepped forward. Before she knew it, Boudica had
wrapped her arms around the girl, gently patting her head. A moment later, Mash’s arms
slowly wrapped tightly around Boudica in turn. For some reason, the hug felt even warmer in
her arms than the hug with Ritsu-senpai and Ren-senpai.
Before she knew it, she relaxed herself in the Rider’s embrace. Yet despite everything, the
warmth didn’t soothe all her thoughts. Boudica said she would grow up to be an amazing
woman. As much as she wanted to believe the Rider, she couldn’t possibly conceive of that
happening.
She didn’t have the time.
---------The camp was abuzz. It was still dark, but soldiers were rapidly moving through, marching
and running. Very few had torches, remaining in the darkness so they would not be seen or
witnessed by the fortress. A few more keen-eyed soldiers kept a lookout within the camp,
watching for any changes in the patrols of the URE soldiers. The tension in the air was
palpable, yet they continued, officers whispering their orders as everyone got ready.
Ritsu watched from a corner with fascination as everyone moved. She had seen the Romans
act professionally and with discipline countless times while she was with the others, but it
never stopped being amazing. The sheer amount of rigorous training and discipline to be able
to work like a well-oiled machine was nothing short of admirable.

She had to fight back a yawn. Getting up this early wasn’t a forte of hers in the slightest and
she was still blinking away sleep. It certainly didn’t help that, knowing what was about to
happen, her sleep had been particularly restless. Despite the tension and adrenaline in her
system, she would easily nod off again if she wasn’t paying attention. If getting up early or
staying awake to this degree was common, then like hell could she ever be a soldier.
“Here you go, senpai.”
The Master blinked as Mash showed up with a cup of coffee, holding a thermos in her other
hand. She could only grin in wonder as she gratefully took it. “God, Mash, have I ever told
you how much I freaking love you?” she asked. The girl always seemed prepared for
anything, and it never stopped being amazing. “Where’d you even get this, anyway?
The shielder smiled shyly as she stood beside Ritsu. “I thought with how Ren-senpai always
makes coffee for us, we might need some,” she explained. “I didn’t take too much – we
shouldn’t overly rely on it, after all – but for this kind of situation, I think we might need it.”
“All too right about that, Mash,” Ritsu agreed with a grin before taking a sip of the dark
liquid – and immediately blanching at the taste. “Blech – instant stuff,” she grumbled. “I
think Ren permanently spoiled coffee for me. What about you, Mash?”
Mash had a similar expression of disgust, trying to mask it with a smile. “It seems… a bit
inadequate compared to Ren-senpai’s, yes,” she reluctantly agreed. “I’m sorry I couldn’t get
his brew. I was worried that if I kept it all this time, it would go bad before we would have a
chance to properly drink it when we needed to.”
Ritsu blinked, then chuckled. “Don’t apologize, Mashumallow,” she replied. “I’d rather at
least have some caffeine – if gross as heck - than be sick.” She reached over and gently
hugged her around her waist, being careful not to spill each other’s coffee. “I’m glad and
happy you thought of everything. Thanks so much.”
The shielder blinked in surprise, then nodded. “Y-you’re welcome, Ritsu-senpai,” she
murmured quietly in response.
Before the two could enjoy further time by themselves together, Tamamo walked up. “Good
morning, you two,” she greeted. “I hope you’re both well rested? We’ve much to do today.”
The Master shrugged, fighting off another yawn. “About as much as one could get in this
situation,” she replied honestly. In the meantime, she offered her cup of coffee – there wasn’t
any more, after all. “Want some?” she asked.
The Caster sniffed the aroma, her ears twitching as her tail swished, before she frowned in
distaste. “I thank you for the offer, but I shall pass,” she declined. “By scent alone, I can tell it
pales in comparison to Ren’s. I shall withhold from having any until I can taste his brew once
more. I will be gladly obliged if we have any tea, however.”
Ritsu shrugged. Couldn’t fault her for that – Ren’s coffee was damn good by any standard.
Mash, however, winced. “Oh, um,” she stammered. “I brought along some green tea packets

as well, but I didn’t have an opportunity to warm it up. If you could perhaps give me a
minute-“
Tamamo smiled kindly as she held up a hand to stop her. “You are a sweet girl, Mash
Kyrielight,” she replied. “But that won’t be necessary. We are, after all, about to commence
our battle. Instead, perhaps we shall have some tea together after we are finished here. It will
be a good way to relax and collect ourselves.”
The Master grinned in response. “Heh, sounds like fun,” she agreed cheerfully. “Alright then,
it’s a date!” The Caster simply smiled in response, as well as Mash. It was always nice
having something to look forward to once all was said and done.
That was when Boudica showed up. She glanced between the three of them and nodded.
“Good, you’re all together,” she noted. “That will save us some time. The soldiers are
mobilized and ready. Spartacus is in position. We’re ready whenever.”
“Are the URE doing anything?” Ritsu asked, trying to glance over the palisade at the fortress
and failing.
The Rider nodded. “It seems they’re catching wind of what we’re doing and starting to
organize their defenses,” she answered. “There’s no sign of Caesar but it’s only a matter of
time before he shows up with another speech and halts any momentum of the attack.
Honestly, there’s no better time than now to strike.”
Ritsu nodded in response. Exactly what she wanted to hear. She threw her head back and
drained every last drop of the coffee. It scalded her throat and tongue but at this point, there
wasn’t any time to spare. “Thanks Mash,” she said quickly, handing the empty cup back to
her. The shielder stowed the cup away and finished her own drink as the Master turned to
Tamamo. “Caster, you’re up.”
Tamamo ears twitched at the mention of her class name as she nodded. A moment later, a
large, round mirror appeared, floating around her as she began concentrating her prana. The
area around her began darkening as a feeling of power began emanating – not from Tamamo
herself, but the mirror itself, and all around them too.
“ God who resides in Izumo,
Aesthetically certain, breath of the soul.
Residing in the mountains and watery heavens, Amaterasu.”
As the Caster began chanting, the mirror floated high in the air as it glowed with a mystical
light. Around them, countless spectral torii gates began appearing to the shock of the Roman
soldiers. With a movement, Tamamo tossed out talismans that began glowing and
multiplying, whirling all around her. Ritsu couldn’t help but take a step back from the amount
of power she was feeling.
“ Let us freely become the proof of purification.

Thy name is Weighted Stong of Tamamo.
Become the sacred treasure, Mirror of Uka!”
The talismans flew out, each one ‘embedding’ itself in the center of each torii gate before
turning into a burst of energy, the torii gate dissolving as it did so. The energy whirled and
entered the mirror, becoming a great orb of energy, almost as bright as the sun. Jumping up,
Tamamo began levitating as the orb raced to the ground, dissolving on impact and turning the
entire ground around them into a font of power.
“ Eightfold Blessing of Amaterasu! ”
Boudica blinked in surprise before glancing toward the fortress. “Well, if we didn’t get their
attention before, we certainly have now,” she commented.
Ritsu grinned. “Exactly what we need,” she replied. She turned to look back up at Tamamo.
“Caster?” she called. “Do the thing!”
Tamamo smirked. While they were having their talks with Caesar, the fox miko had seeded
shikigami throughout the entire fortress. As they were essentially small paper fixtures, even
regular humans would barely pay them any mind, let alone the facsimile Roman soldiers in
the fortress. A surprisingly large number were currently scattered throughout the fortress,
each with a connection to Tamamo. With the regular amount of prana she had and the
distance, however, the Caster wouldn’t be able to do much with them except maneuver them
remotely. However, she would be able to do much more if she had a far greater supply of
prana.
Something her Noble Phantasm just provided.
With a mental command, each and every shikigami was overloaded with prana and erupted
with magical power. The entire fortress lit up with flashes as thunderous explosions tore
through the stone walls, blasting out great chunks and pieces. URE soldiers were flung
helplessly into the air, many of them in pieces from the sheer force. Their compatriots only
just started moving as their panicked human officers started bellowing confused orders with
barely any organization.
Before they could rally, Tamamo created gigantic balls of flame and ice that orbited around
her. With a shout, each of them darted at the fortress, their respective elements exploding and
causing even more chaos. Above the entire din, there came a roar that echoed throughout the
entire land.
“DEATH TO THE OPPRESSORS!!!”
Another (albeit considerably less mystical) explosion issued from the side gate. Between the
bombardment of Tamamo and the wrath of Spartacus, the URE forces were in dire straits.
Boudica immediately turned to the flabbergasted Roman soldiers and took command. “Form
ranks!” she barked. “We’re not gonna have a better opportunity than this! We’re taking back
Gaul today! For the homeland!”

The Roman soldiers blinked in surprise, then roared in return, “For Rome!” With that, they
quickly organized then marched out of the camp. The fortress, which had always daunted
them in how impenetrable it seemed, was crumbling into fiery ruins, giving heart to the
soldiers. They began marching with renewed vigor.
Ritsu quickly fell into step nearby, with Mash following close by. She was terrified and
worried, especially with the sheer madness of the battle. By all rights, she should be running
the opposite direction, with only escape on her mind. She wasn’t a soldier or a warrior. There
was still much that could go wrong. And yet, despite everything, the only expression on
Ritsu’s face was a wide grin of glee.
“Curtains rise.”

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story or about the lore, check out the discord! There's
more than you can ever handle!
https://discord.gg/rkjwznrY

Chapter 70: Christmas Omake
Chapter Summary

A day of festivities and reflection.

Chapter Notes

Enjoy a Christmas gift from me, everyone.
Note: Canon is very questionable here. Assume this is semi non-canon unless otherwise
stated.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Christmas. A time of magic and wonder for everyone, with different interpretations by every
culture that knows of it. It was a universal holiday, one everyone celebrated how they could.
Even Chaldea proved to be no exception. Despite numerous tragedies and the looming stress
of the end of humanity hanging above everyone’s heads, people still celebrated how they
could. Or rather, they celebrated because that was the only productive thing they could really
do about it in the end.
Thankfully, the Chaldea Security Organization had been generously funded by both the
Animusphere families and contributions from the Clock Tower, Atlas, and the United
Nations. Most were dedicated toward its cutting edge, experimental technologies, but that
still left a good amount allocated toward other resources such as recreation and
entertainment. Even things that normally were for work purposes could be repurposed for
such with a bit of tweaking and imagination.
Humanity’s quest to entertain itself and seek pleasure was endless, after all.
The simulator sitting in the heart of Chaldea was one of the state-of-the-art technologies of
the organization. Connected directly to the organization’s extensive databases, it could be
used to recreate far more variables and factors to a frighteningly accurate degree. From
landscapes with artificial weather to monsters and hostile beings that have been recorded, to
even simulations of Servants based on their battle data, almost nothing was beyond it.
Normally, it was used to run various simulations for data or for training, but such technology
had far too much potential to simply be relegated to such mundane uses.
Ren sighed as he rested his head against the stone, a towel cushioning his skull. The steaming
hot water around him was beyond soothing. He could practically feel the months’ worth of

tension just melting away. The gentle knocking of the bamboo pipe slowly filling with water,
then tipping over to empty what it accumulated before rising back up to collect more was
hypnotic, almost enough to lull him to sleep.
Honestly, he didn’t think it would be possible. He had been conversing with Mash and Ritsu
that, while showers were nice and all, they just couldn’t compare to a full-on bath. Nero’s
bath was nice, but it just wasn’t enough. Da Vinci, who had been passing by, overheard and
said that they could simply adjust the simulator to make it into a bath. Despite everything he
had seen so far, Ren had been skeptical she was actually able to do it.
He really needed to remember not to underestimate the self-proclaimed (yet actual) genius.
“Ah, this is heaven.”
Ren glanced over in amusement at Morgana, sitting in the water nearby. Despite his initial
reluctance to join Ren in the bath, he eventually persuaded his best friend. Now the catlike
being was sitting with his eyes closed beside him on a small wooden stool to keep his head
out of the water, a soaked, folded towel on his head.
“I can see why you and Ryuji go crazy for these,” he commented as he further sank. “This is
bliss.” The water around him rippled as he began purring – an amusing sight for Ren.
“Despite the fuss you were kicking up before?” Ren asked with a smirk. “Something about
‘cats aren’t supposed to go in water’?”
Morgana spluttered. “Th-that was- uh,” he stuttered. “I j-just didn’t want to get my f-fur in
the b-bath, okay? I can e-end up shedding and b-besides, cats and water don’t actually get
along – can you stop laughing?!”
Ren had been chuckling the entire time as his best friend kept trying to make excuses. “Just
glad you can enjoy the bath like the rest of us,” he replied, forestalling any more of his
excuses. “We probably can’t do this once we get back to Japan, so we might as well enjoy it
while we can.”
The catlike being relaxed and sighed. “Yeah, true,” he grumbled. “But hey, this is still pretty
nice overall.”
“Yo!”
The two glanced over and saw Cu and Siegfried walking in. “Heard there was a bath going
on here!” the Lancer called out. “Thought we’d join in!”
“I apologize for our intrusion,” Siegfried said, smiling sheepishly. “I hope you don’t mind the
company.”
The Phantom Thieves looked at each other, then grinned back up at them. “Not at all,” Ren
reassured them. “Hop on in – the water’s great.”
Cu grinned as Siegfried simply bowed a bit in gratitude. They washed themselves off before
slowly entering the bath. “Damn, this is hot as hell,” Cu groused. Before long, he was fully in

the bath. “Ah, this is good stuff,” he sighed, stretching. “Been meaning to see what the fuss
has been about for a while now.”
Siegfried nodded. His long, grey hair had been tied back to prevent it from getting into the
water. The loose strands most likely wouldn’t be an issue given how there was no problem
with Morgana’s fur but it was still an inconvenient thing to deal with overall for most people.
“It is quite comfy,” he noted. “Far better than washing in streams and rivers.”
Ren glanced over at the both of them. “Did you guys not have baths where you were from?”
he asked out of curiosity.
The Lancer shrugged. “I mean, sure, but they were a luxury,” he explained. “You gotta have a
huge tub and a lotta water, then you gotta heat it up just right with lots of wood and fire. In
short, it’s a pain in the ass and uses a lot more resources than you’d think. Most of the time, a
dip in a stream works just as well. It’s only the lords and kings who could regularly have
baths. The occasional village had bathhouses, though they became rather popular with guys,
if you get what I mean.”
The Phantom Thief nodded in consideration. As he recalled, even in Japan, bathhouses could
sometimes be fronts for seedier businesses, especially in red light districts. It didn’t
particularly surprise him. Rather, the more he talked to Servants and learned about their
cultures, the more he found in common. It seemed humanity had a habit of staying the same,
for better or worse. And also found a lot of common ground, surprisingly. “What about you?”
he asked Siegfried.
The dragonslayer frowned as he pondered. “Most of the time I washed up in streams and
rivers,” he mused. “However, we did have saunas. They weren’t large – usually just small
huts, lit within by lanterns, and filled with hot rocks that we had sitting in fires. They were
good places to sweat and relax, and good meeting spots too. It would be nice to try one again
sometime.”
Morgana chuckled. “Remember that one time you went to the sauna with the guys, Ren?” he
asked, glancing up at his best friend. Ren in turn chuckled. Him, Ryuji, and Yusuke had been
out one day when they came across a bath with a sauna and decided to check it out. The heat
from the sauna had been far greater than they had anticipated. Ryuji bailed after about ten
minutes, roaring about how hot it was. Ren stumbled out another ten minutes later. Then they
had to drag Yusuke out who had been turning red from the heat, muttering deliriously about
how he was close to reaching ‘ideal beauty’.
The fact that he resembled a boiled lobster at that point was probably a coincidence.
“Holy crap, Da Vinci went all out!”
The men, hearing Ritsu’s voice, glanced over at the bamboo barrier that stretched up to the
dark, starry sky. The simulated hot spring was divided in half by the barrier, with men on one
side, women on the other. The barrier had been a last-minute addition at Roman’s extreme
insistence. In retrospect it should’ve been surprising – according to the doctor, Da Vinci had
no problem going about naked after showering.

When asked how he knew about this, however, the good doctor stammered an excuse and
dashed off. Nobody could pin him down long enough to get an explanation.
“Yes, it is certainly impressive,” came Mash’s voice. “I wonder if Ren-senpai goes to these
kinds of baths all the time…”
“If he does, I’m jealous,” Ritsu grumbled. “The US has nothing like this. Doesn’t help that
everyone’s so prudish there or any actual bathhouses aren’t meant for, uh, good little girls like
me.”
“Er, what does that mean, senpai?” Mash asked, curious.
“Don’t ask,” was Ritsu’s disgruntled reply.
“Japan has these kinds of baths everywhere,” Ren called out. The girls’ conversation
immediately froze at his voice. “It’s actually pretty convenient for me – LeBlanc didn’t have
a shower but there was a bath literally just across the road.”
“R-Ren-senpai?!” Mash stammered. “I didn’t realize you were here! R-R-Ritsu-senpai, what
are you doing?!”
“Whaaaat?” came Ritsu’s dubiously innocent reply. “I’m not doing anything! You’re
worrying too much!” This was followed by the redhead hissing, “Shh! Don’t get me busted!”
as sounds of rattling issued from the girls’ side of the bath.
Morgana sighed and opened one eye. “Ritsu, are you trying to peek into the guys’ bath?” he
asked in a deadpan tone.
The rattling stopped at the accusation. “Noooo…” Ritsu replied in a tone that fooled pretty
much no one – not even Mash judging by her audible sigh.
Cu started howling with laughter. “Hey, gotta respect a girl for knowing what she wants,” he
cried. “I getcha. Too bad, miss – you’re missing quite the sight here!”
Ritsu groaned in frustration. “Well, who’s over there?!” she demanded. “Besides you and
Ren?!”
“Ritsu-senpai, please-!” Mash pleaded.
“There’s also Siegfried and Morgana here!” Ren called out, glancing at the others. “Not sure
if anyone else is gonna join us soon but yeah, it’s the four of us! What about you guys?”
“It’s just me and Ritsu-senpai for now, Ren-senpai!” Mash called back over before Ritsu
could say anything. “I’m really sorry for disturbing your bath! We’ll be sure to be quiet-!”
Any further conversation or reassurances on the matter was interrupted by a clattering from
their side of the bath.
“Oh my, this bath is simply tres bien ! A perfect mix of rustic charm yet elegance!”

“Umu! It is no Roman bath, certainly, but this is still splendid nevertheless! Even more so
now that I am here!”
The voices of Marie and Nero were unmistakable. As the new arrivals seized the girls’
attention, Cu stretched before getting out of the water. “This bath just ain’t right without a
drink or two,” he grumbled. “Luckily, I came prepared. Got some whiskey stashed. Yo,
Siegfried, you wanna join me?”
Siegfried blinked in surprise, then smiled. “That does sound enjoyable,” he agreed.
Cu grinned as he got out of the spring. “Alright then!” he crowed. He glanced down at the
Phantom Thieves. “Don’t worry, I didn’t forget you two. I got some green tea bottles and
water bottles. Which do you guys want?”
Ren considered for a second, then nodded. “Green tea sounds good for me,” he said.
“Same for me too,” Morgana piped up. The Lancer grinned as walked off to retrieve the
drinks, leaving the rest to simply relax in the water. Despite all the commotion, it was still a
relaxing time overall. Still, they couldn’t exactly stop themselves from overhearing the
conversation over on the girls’ baths, given how open it was.
“Holy crap, I know I’ve been calling you Mashumallow all this time, but you’re stacked !”
“ Oui, she is surprisingly curvy now that I look at it.”
“Let us compare then, Mash Kyrielight! My form, gifted by the goddess Venus herself,
against your bounty!”
“W-wait, please don’t touch-ah!”
Morgana glanced out of the side of his eye at Ren. “You holding up okay there, Ren?” he
asked knowingly. Ren, however, had already crossed his legs and closed his eyes, seemingly
unaware of anything. The catlike being could only huffed an amused breath.
Siegfried in the meantime glanced over at Ren in curiosity. “I did not realize he has mastered
the art of mediation,” he observed, impressed. “A good skill to have for more dire situations.”
The catlike being opened an eye. “So, you’d count this as a dire situation then?” he asked
with a smirk.
The dragonslayer chuckled in response. “I would certainly say so,” he agreed. Both of them
laughed as Ren simply stayed there with an empty mind and pure heart. The sounds from the
girls’ side of the bath were rowdy and suggestive, but Ren knew none of it.
---------Stretching, Ren made his way towards the cafeteria. His body still felt pleasantly warm from
the bath – albeit almost too warm thanks to the time he spent in the bath. He put himself into
a state of meditation until the girls had either finally settled down or left, then left the bath

himself. It was a shame he couldn’t enjoy the sensation of the bath a bit longer before he
forced himself to meditate, but there was always next time.
Casually, he glanced outside at the stormy weather outside the blizzard kept blowing. While
he always liked a white Christmas, this was a bit too intense. Back in his hometown, almost
without fail, snow would always fall and carpet everything. When he was younger, he used to
make snowmen or have snowball fights with his friends when he went out. In Tokyo, while
snow fell, it never stuck. Or at least, it never stuck long enough for it to really matter.
Still, the time he spent Christmas in LeBlanc was perhaps one of the best Christmases he had
in a while. Sure, it was just him, Sojiro, and Futaba, but frankly he wouldn’t have changed it
for anything. He stepped into the cafeteria and walked past the snowflakes that driftedSnowflakes?
The Phantom Thief stopped as he looked around puzzled. There was snow but… it didn’t feel
like anything. Stretching out a hand, he saw one land on his hand, then fade away. He noticed
in the corner one of Chaldea’s robots standing there with a projector light flashing from its
top. Huh. Those robots always surprised him – holograms weren’t a thing he thought they
were capable of.
“ Buon Natale, ragazzo!”
Ren glanced over to see Da Vinci prancing her way over to him. She was dressed in a
modified Santa outfit, with the top short enough to show her navel while wearing a red skirt
that reached down to the middle of her thigh. All of that was topped off by the Santa hat
perched on her head. He grinned in response. “Merry Christmas to you too, Da Vinci,” he
replied. “I take it this is your work?”
Da Vinci grinned and nodded. “ Si ,” she confirmed. “The normal décor was a bit too drab for
the festivities so I thought I could spice it up a bit! I was actually making a few last
adjustments to truly top things off.”
“Oh?” Ren asked, his curiosity piqued. “And what would that be?”
The Uomo Universale grinned. Instead of answering, she took out a remote and pressed a
button. Another robot moved to the center of the cafeteria and turned on its own projector,
and suddenly a new, incredibly bright hologram appeared: A fully adorned Christmas tree,
complete with a shining star at the top of it. It was more tall than wide so it wouldn’t disturb
the tables around it, but it was still an impressive sight nevertheless.
Ren could only let out a low whistle. “You really outdone yourself, Da Vinci,” he earnestly
complimented.
The Caster giggled. “It’s only expected of a genius, after all!”
“Holy-!”

“Night, my dear ragazza ,” Da Vinci finished for her as they both turned to look at the new
arrivals: Morgana, Mash, and Ritsu, all of them looking around the cafeteria in wonder.
Morgana had returned back to his cat form, surprisingly. “You two came just as I was putting
on the finishing touches. Buon Natale , everyone!”
“Buon-“ Ritsu was about to ask.
“It means ‘Merry Christmas’ in Italian, Ritsu-senpai,” Mash supplied. Ritsu nodded in
understanding.
“Where’s everyone else?” Ren asked, looking around.
“The other Servants hit the baths as well,” Morgana replied. “I guess we were just early about
it. They’ll probably be here soon enough or at least out and about.”
Ren pondered, then nodded. “In that case, no time like the present,” he replied. “Let’s see if I
can whip something up for us.”
“More curry?” Mash asked eagerly.
“Actually, something else,” Ren replied, smiling apologetically as the poor shielder deflated.
“I just need to check in the back and see if we have the supplies for it. I think we do, but
better safe than sorry. I’ll be right back, guys.” With that, he walked off to the storeroom to
search for his quarry.
“Looking for something in particular?”
Ren blinked as he glanced down to see Morgana had followed him. He smiled as he nodded
in confirmation. “Wanted to see if they had any turkey or cake and see what else can go with
it,” he explained.
Morgana nodded sagely. “Ah, the LeBlanc tradition, huh?” he mused.
Chuckling, Ren began walking towards the meat storage. “I’m not sure if I’d call one year a
tradition,” he commented. Last year, Sojiro gave them some money to grab some stuff and
had apparently expected a sparse Christmas overall. However, Futaba apparently won some
sort of lottery in the supermarket, and they walked back with a veritable feast of roast turkey,
cake, and other foods and snacks. The girl was apparently incredibly lucky at times.
In the end, it was just the four of them in LeBlanc celebrating Christmas. No flash, bells, or
whistles, but just good company overall. And it was perhaps the most memorable and
happiest Christmas he ever had.
Opening the storage, he moved past the racks of beef and pork, making his way to the
poultry. There were shelves of chicken wings, legs, and even whole chickens lined up. A bit
further was the turkey section, filled with legs and sliced breasts – and of course, whole
turkeys. What caught Ren slightly off guard was how large the turkeys were. He certainly
didn’t recall the turkey he had back in Tokyo to be quite so big.

“Er… you gonna be alright, Ren?” Morgana asked incredulously, staring at the poultry that
was easily larger than he was.
Ren frowned as he rubbed his chin, then nodded. “Should be alright,” he replied. “Think I got
some way to pull up a recipe here.” Worst case scenario, he could snag either Boudica or
Archer for help. However, they were busy enjoying the hot springs and he wasn’t in the mood
to drag them away. With a grunt, he hefted up the turkey and carried it out of the meat storage
to the kitchen, setting it down on the cutting board. There was a panel on the wall meant for
communications, but Ren had figured out long ago it could access the archives, which
included food recipes.
At this point, Ren had to question just how much the archives encompassed but frankly, he
wasn’t about to question it.
“Um, so do you need any help, senpai?”
Ren glanced over to see both Mash and Ritsu staring from the other side of the counter with
eyes as wide as saucers. It was clear they hadn’t expected the whole turkey either. Da Vinci
had disappeared. He was about to refuse their help when he thought better of it. The turkey
was massive, and it was also his first time cooking it. Frankly, having some extra hands
probably wouldn’t go amiss. “Some help would be good,” Ren admitted with a smile. “I
already have the recipe pulled up.”
The two girls nodded and came into the kitchen – Ritsu practically bouncing in to help
compared to Mash’s more sedate pace. “The recipe is pretty simple overall but there’s no
reason why we can’t do a bit more,” Ren explained, scrolling through the recipes. “Ritsu, can
I ask you to take care of the herb butter and work on the stuffing? Mash, chop up some
veggies. We can set it underneath the turkey. I’ll get to work prepping it.”
Ritsu grinned and nodded. “Leave it to me!” she chirped. She quickly looked over at the
recipe for her own steps before heading off to the storeroom herself.
Mash nodded. “Of course, Ren-senpai,” she replied before heading to the back herself.
Morgana, who perched nearby, watched them head off and chuckled. “They’re pretty eager to
help,” he noted. “They’re good people.”
Ren smiled. “Preaching to the choir,” he replied, going to wash his hands.
Before long, all of them had their materials and were working, with Ren prepping the turkey
as necessary and Ritsu and Mash with their own tasks. Frankly, it had been a lot easier than
Ren expected as it was a rather simple matter of taking out the giblets and drying the turkey.
Ritsu soon had the herb butter for him – it hadn’t been difficult for her either – and he
slathered it on the turkey. Now it was a matter of waiting until Ritsu and Mash were done
with the stuffing and vegetables, respectively.
Glancing over, he checked on how they were doing. Ritsu seemed to be doing just fine,
humming to herself as she worked on the stuffing while consulting the recipe at her own
station. Mash, however, seemed to be struggling with properly cutting up the vegetables.

Washing off the turkey grease and residue from his hands, he walked over to her workstation.
“You doing alright, Mash?” he asked, glancing down at her work. The vegetables were
chopped cleanly but unevenly, and while it wasn’t too bad, it was simply more inefficient
than anything.
The shielder glanced up, blinking, and nodded. “Oh, um, yes, senpai!” she replied. “I’m sorry
for taking so long. I didn’t expect it to be so difficult cutting these up. These should be done
soon.”
Ren nodded understandingly. “Not a problem,” he said earnestly. “Mind if I show you a few
pointers though? It might help things go by a bit more smoothly.”
Mash blinked again, then nodded eagerly. “Yes, senpai!” she replied enthusiastically.
The Phantom Thief grinned and moved a bit closer. “So first off, you’re gonna want to hold
the vegetables in your off hand like this,” he explained. Reaching over, he curled Mash’s
fingers inward. “Do it like this – a cat’s paw - or you’re going to cut your fingers. After that,
position your knife so you can bring it down like a lever. There. Give that a shot.”
The girl’s face had lit up like one of the Christmas ornaments outside in the cafeteria into a
bright shade of red at Ren’s touch and close proximity but listened intently to Ren’s
instructions regardless. After Ren withdrew his hands, she focused once more and began
working according to his instruction. To her delight, it went a lot more smoothly – and she
didn’t have to concern herself with cutting her fingers. “This is much better!” Mash said with
delight. “Thank you very much, senpai!”
Ren smiled and nodded. “Had a lot of practice – and cut fingers – to show for it,” he replied.
“Still, thanks a lot for helping, Mash. It means a lot.”
The shielder once more turned a shade of deep crimson, focusing once more on the
vegetables to hide her embarrassment – and the smile that spread uncontrollably on her face.
“It’s nothing, senpai,” she muttered. “I’m always happy to help.”
Smiling in response, he left Mash to continue chopping up the vegetables as he wandered
over to Ritsu – who was smirking up a storm as she watched him walk up. “… what?” he
asked.
“As expected of a Phantom Thief – and a hunk of a one at that~” the redhead commented as
her smirk widened. Morgana nearby simply chuckled in agreement with the other Master’s
assessment.
Ren raised an eyebrow, then noticed her chopping. “Hm, seems like you could do with some
lessons too,” he commented. Without prompting, he reached over and adjusted her hands,
making sure she stayed safe. Ritsu, meanwhile, began spluttering at the suddenness of it all,
but before she could react, he was already done. “And you’re set,” he finished with a grin.
Ritsu took a deep breath and smirked up at him, unable to suppress the blush in her cheeks.
“Should’ve expected you to be so daring. But aren’t you getting greedy, going for both of us
at once?”

The Phantom Thief simply smirked. “I’ve no idea what you mean – I’m just making sure two
beauties don’t hurt themselves is all,” he replied, feigning innocence – and chuckled as both
Mash and Ritsu immediately began spluttering in response.
Morgana thought back to how the girls always ended up thrown off-guard from some odd
comment of Ren’s and had to shake his head with a smile. Some things never change.
---------Before long, they were all done. The turkey was stuffed and set on a bed of vegetables in a
baking pan before being pushed into the oven. Ren also decided to make his standard curry
and rice as well to help fill in some gaps. Desserts were pulled out from the back and set on
the counter for when they were ready. With a few minutes left before the turkey was ready,
they decided to play at the counter a time-honored game: Tycoon.
“Four tens,” Ren declared with a smirk. “Revolution.”
“Wha- Oh, come on!” Ritsu roared, grasping her head in frustration.
“Dang it, Ren, how do you always pull off something like this?!” Morgana shouted. “This
was always the case back in Tokyo! Jeez, we could never get one up on you-“
“Um… four sevens,” Mash interjected, laying down her hand. “Revolution, I think?”
The Phantom Thief’s face immediately fell at the reversal. Ritsu and Morgana both stared at
what Mash did before the former began cackling in delight. “Nice going, Mashumallow!” she
cheered. “I’m gonna have to pass for now, but I think you just lost the game for your dear
senpai here.”
Ren smiled at Mash, but it was a very pained smile. “Yep, you did,” he replied. “Good job,
Mash – there’s no way I can recover from this.”
The shielder blinked then bowed. “I-I’m sorry, senpai,” she immediately stammered. “I, er,
thought it was a good hand, so I-“
“Oh, don’t apologize,” Morgana admonished. “It’s the point of the game, after all. Besides,
Ren could use some more experience losing here.”
“Wha- Morgana, you wound me!” Ren gasped in faux offense, bringing a hand over his heart.
“You make it sound like I’m a sore winner! I assure you, I’m the very spirit of
sportsmanship!”
His statement was met with a very flat look from Ritsu and Morgana as Mash attempted to
bury her face in her cards to prevent showing her own reaction. That honestly told him all he
needed to know, enough that he couldn’t help but break out into an amused grin. Fine, he did
at times rub it in a bit with a smirk or two or acted like an exaggerated rich asshole whenever
he got Tycoon, but it was all in good fun.
Suddenly, the oven dinged, letting them know the turkey was ready. Setting down the cards,
Ren got up and went back into the kitchen, followed eagerly by the three. Opening the oven

door, the kitchen was immediately suffused with a heavenly scent of a perfectly baked turkey,
mixing with the spicy aroma of the curry and leaving every almost drooling. “The turkey
needs to rest for a bit,” Ren explained as he set it on the kitchen counter. “That way the juices
will spread evenly throughout.”
Ritsu groaned in frustration. “Damnit, we are so close! ” she whined.
“Let’s defer to Ren-senpai about this,” Mash advised, even though she had her eyes trained
greedily on poultry as well. “I’m sure the wait will be worth it.”
The redhead huffed before glancing back over at Ren. “Still, I’m kinda surprised you pulled
this out,” she commented. “Did you and your family celebrate Christmas with a turkey every
year or something?”
Ren didn’t answer for a second, then gave a small, wistful smile. “Something like that,” he
replied. “When I was in Tokyo, my caretaker, Sojiro, and his daughter, Futaba, – another
Phantom Thief, by the way –“ Ritsu squealed in excitement. “- Morgana and I celebrated
Christmas together. Futaba won a lottery when we went to the grocery store to pick up some
stuff, and we got ourselves turkey, cake, and all sorts of other goodies for Christmas.”
He glanced over at the turkey resting on the counter. “It's a tradition of one year, admittedly,”
Ren continued. “But I’d like it to be a tradition every year, if possible.”
Ritsu nodded slowly. “We didn’t have much of a tradition back where I was from for
Christmas,” she murmured. “We just made a helluva feast, finishing off with bowls full of
cookies. Afterward, we’d put on some movies to watch. At first it was Christmas movies but
those got old real fast. One of the staff suggested an entire extended Lord of the Rings
marathon, and the rest was history.”
Morgana blinked. “Wait, aren’t those movies, like, a whole fifteen hours total?” he asked in
shock.
The redhead nodded. “More or less,” she confirmed. “Best fifteen hours ever.”
Ren nodded in understanding, then looked over at Mash. “What about you, Mash?” he asked,
leaning up against a counter. “Any traditions you had?”
Mash blinked in surprise and thought. “Erm… none in particular,” she murmured. “I often
just spent Christmas in my room. Roman always stopped by on Christmas day. He’d bring
some special food from the cafeteria – ham or turkey, as well as corn and gingerbread
cookies, and hot chocolate as well. We ate together as he explained Christmas to me. As
much as he could, anyway. And he’d always give me a book as a gift. The copy of Sherlock
Holmes he gave me two years ago is still my favorite.”
She looked up and saw the other three just… staring at her. Ritsu was first to break the
silence, immediately tackling her into a hug. “MASHUMALLOW!!!” she cried. “You
deserve so much better! The doctor did his best, but you deserve better! You need it! We’re
gonna make this the best Christmas for you EVER!”

The shielder could only blink in surprise at the hug and blushed. “O-oh, it’s quite alright, RRitsu-senpai!” she stammered. “You don’t need t-to go out of your way to-“
“Give it up, Mash,” Morgana sighed nearby. “You know how she gets. Once Ritsu’s set on
something, you’re better off convincing Hell to freeze over.” Ren had to chuckle in response.
“Oi, something smells good here!”
Ren glanced over and saw Cu walking in with a wave. “Hope you got enough for me AND
everyone!” he hollered. “The way this place smells, we’re gonna have a horde incoming!”
Ren blinked in surprise, then remembered Artoria’s… voracious appetite combined with
everyone else. Then he jumped as Archer appeared in a shower of golden light beside him
with a smile. “Then best we get to work,” he stated matter-of-factly before smiling at the
others. “Do you guys want to give a hand, or do you want to take a break? You guys did a
good job already.”
Ren, Ritsu, and Mash looked at each other for a second, then nodded. “Let’s get to work,
Archer,” Ren declared with a grin.
The red-mantled hero nodded with a smile, and they immediately set to work. Before long,
they were working like a well-oiled machine as more Servants and staff filed in, marveling at
the decorations and drooling over the smell. Turkeys were made, cakes were cut, and curry
and coffee were distributed. Before long, the entire cafeteria was packed with people, all of
them caroling, celebrating, and eating.
And through it all, Ren simply watched. Morgana was with Tamamo Cat as he told her of his
past escapades. Ritsu and Mash were chatting and eating. Archer was still cooking but with
Boudica’s assistance, no longer required help from him. He just stood in a corner, watching
everyone enjoying themselves. Then he blinked, and he was back at LeBlanc with familiar
faces.
“Hey, whatcha standing there in a daze for?” Ryuji called out. “Come on, there’s turkey to
demolish!”
“Ugh, Ryuji!” groaned Ann. “At least leave the cakes alone!”
Makoto could only sigh. “Could you two please behave for five minutes?” she asked,
exasperated.
“Yes, do restrain yourself,” Yusuke admonished as he rapidly drew on his sketchpad. “As
famished as I am, I must capture this scene and the spirit of the festivities.”
“Why are you always so weird, Inari?” Futaba commented, rolling her eyes.
“I do not wish to hear that from you, Futaba.”
“I must admit, I had thought of Christmas parties as rather dull affairs, meeting with
company officials and all,” Haru noted. “But this is rather fun! I must thank you for inviting
me!”

“Same here,” Sumire noted with a smile. “This all looks delicious. I’ll have to work extra
hard once we’re done, but it will be worth it.”
Then Ren felt a tug on his sleeve, and he looked over to see Morgana. “Come on, Joker,” he
said gently. “You deserve a break. Merry Christmas.”
Ren blinked, and suddenly he was back at Chaldea. Ritsu and Mash were also calling him
over with grins on their faces before being joined by Nero and Marie. Cu was nearby leading
some Irish drinking song, which Siegfried, Da Vinci, and even Roman had surprisingly
joined in on as well. Jeanne and Marie were leading some prayers among the more religious
members in a corner as Artoria was sitting among a gigantic stack of empty plates like the
throne of a conqueror.
The Phantom Thief had to smile. It all felt so different, yet it felt the same somehow. And he
wouldn’t trade it in for anything. “Yeah,” he replied. “Merry Christmas to you too, Morgana.”
With that, he joined the others. It was truly a Christmas to remember.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the fic or the lore, here's the Discord. You'll get more
than you can stomach!

Chapter 71: Siege
Chapter Summary

And all hell breaks loose.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Caesar had to admit, he was curious.
From the moment his guests had left him last night, he wondered what they would do. He
was certain he had given plenty of hints as to his strengths, weaknesses, and an inkling of his
plans. Granted, there was only so much he could give away and only so much of an opening
he could present before everything had the opposite effect. Without a doubt, his opposition
were discussing whether it was all a trap or not if they were anywhere close to competent.
And it was Boudica, Spartacus, and Tamamo-no-Mae. Just with those three, competency was
guaranteed. And then there was that Master, Ritsuka, and her demi-Servant. They were
inexperienced to be sure, but they were attentive, wary, and took the initiative where they
could. Good traits to have. Frankly, he would’ve been happy to mold them and help shape
their talents. Those two would’ve been excellent subjects in the Roman empire and would’ve
gone far.
As it stood, however, he had to content himself with seeing how his enemies planned his
downfall. After all this time staving off political machinations, foreign invasions, and finally
succumbing to a betrayal from those he called his friends, to actually look forward to how he
would be bested was actually refreshing and dare he even say, exciting. Tamamo-no-Mae had
spread her charms all over the place, which under normal circumstances he’d consider an
egregious breach of hospitality. But then, circumstances were hardly normal.
For now, he sat on his makeshift throne, sipping on a cup of wine. The officers had seen to it
that they brought barrels of the finest wine to try and curry favor with him. Frankly, he didn’t
think much of it – he was used to gulping watered down drinks when he was out on the field.
And as much as he appreciated the decadence of a good liquor, there was something simply
delightful about the rationed drinks, sharing them with competent officers and soldiers.
A soldier marched up, catching his attention. Its eyeless face met his gaze as it kneeled,
presenting a small scroll. Upon taking it, it stood, saluted, and left without a sound. Caesar
watched with consternation as it marched off. Those things were an utter mockery of the
empire he ruled and tended during his life, and of his conquests as he added to the glory of
the empire. They did their jobs, but that was it. They would never match the lives and dreams
of actual Roman legionnaires.

He unfolded the scroll and read. It was a short report – the enemy camp was mobilizing. So
far, there was no clear method of assault, but his own men were organizing defenses
regardless. A frontal charge would be suicide, and everyone knew it. Perhaps it was worth
something seeing with his own eyes. He got up and began walking out of the room. Again, he
was curious as to what he would find.
He only got halfway through the audience chamber before everything turned to fire and light.
---------“Soldiers, forward!”
With Boudica’s order, the soldier roared as they marched forward in tortoise formation –
rectangular groups with shields in front and above to protect the soldiers from arrows. The
URE soldiers had rallied themselves as best they could and were firing down, their arrows
bouncing off the sturdy shields. While the rain of arrows was still fierce, it was obvious that it
would’ve been far worse. Thus, they marched onward.
Boudica meanwhile was at the forefront, easily keeping pace with the soldiers. If an arrow
got close, her shortsword lashed out and swatted it aside, or she raised her shield and easily
deflected it. As she stood as a rallying beacon, the soldiers pushed onward, undaunted.
Despite the explosions and their crumbling fortifications, as well as the advancing enemy, the
URE soldiers kept firing, eventually a few finding their mark.
A distance away from all the action stood Ritsu and Mash, well away from even stray arrows
and keeping an eye on everything that was happening. The Master blinked each time at the
brightness of the large orbs of ice or fire as they soared above her and collided with the
fortress, courtesy of Tamamo. She wore her armor once more, though it so far hadn’t proved
necessary. “Huh,” Ritsu mused. “I wonder if real life sieges were usually this chaotic.”
“Um, probably not quite, senpai,” Mash replied, a bit stupefied. She had her shield out, ready
for any aggressors and while she was still on guard, she couldn’t help but be stupefied at the
situation. While it wasn’t quite as chaotic as the battle in the pass, it was still a rather
fantastic sight. The fortress was rapidly crumbling away under the sheer number of curses
Tamamo was flinging, not helped by many of the structures weakened due to the earlier
explosions.
Ritsu hummed, then reached out to Tamamo. “Hey Caster, I think we can cool it with the
artillery,” she noted. “Pretty sure the Romans aren’t gonna be happy with just a huge heap of
rubble – just a small to medium sized one.”
“Even for you, Master, that joke was in slightly poor taste,” Tamamo groused. However, the
orbs stopped and a moment later, the fox miko was beside Ritsu once more, her arms crossed
as she witnessed the battle. “You seem rather blasé about this,” the Caster commented,
frowning over at Ritsu as Mash blinked in surprise and turned to her senpai as well.
“Do I?” Ritsu asked, without taking her eyes off the siege. “My mind’s trying to process a
thousand things right now, so I guess I don’t have a lot of time or energy to really panic or go

crazy over stuff here. For now, it looks like we’re doing pretty fine though I still wonder
about Caesar-“
Suddenly, a movement caught the redhead’s eye. Turning, she brought her binoculars up to
her eyes and scanned the horizon – and saw telltale signs of the purple URE banners in the
distance. “And there’s incoming reinforcements,” she grumbled. “Lovely.” Lowering the
binoculars, she turned to Mash who still had a surprised expression. “Mash, can you catch up
with Boudica and let her know URE reinforcements are coming in? Both her and you are
probably gonna need to head them off.”
The shielder blinked in surprise at the sudden orders but then nodded. “Y-yes, senpai!” she
cried before darting off to find the Rider.
Ritsu turned over to Tamamo. “Caster, can you slow them down until Boudica and Mash
arrive?” she asked. “Keep collateral damage to a minimum if you can.”
Tamamo narrowed her eyes at Ritsu, trying to read her, before sighing. “You are a very
confusing Master, Ritsuka Fujimaru,” she grumbled as her tail swished in annoyance. She
turned around and vanished in a shower of golden light, leaving the redhead standing there
alone.
Once she was gone, Ritsu could only gulp as she continued to suppress her terror. So much
was relying on this harebrained scheme of hers, and frankly she could still see dozens of
ways it could go wrong. She could only hope that everything in the end would be enough.
----------Boudica oversaw the soldiers as they approached the walls. The walls had crumbled, giving
the Roman forces an opening to invade – a godsend as they had run out of resources to create
even simple ladders, let alone more complicated siege machinery. And even then, with how
rampant paranoia had been, everyone would’ve accused everyone of being saboteurs. It was
something neither her nor Spartacus wished to experience.
There was a shout from the backline, drawing the Rider’s attention – and left her blinking in
surprise as Mash quickly dashed up. She had her enormous shield up above her head, the
arrows easily clattering off the metal without leaving so much as a scratch. “Senpai spotted
reinforcements coming from the west flank,” she quickly reported. “She wants us to go and
intercept them.” Her words were low enough that only Boudica could hear them. Last thing
they all needed was more panic, after all.
The Iceni queen narrowed her eyes. Just as things were starting to go their way, another
wrench was thrown into the works. Well, it was something that could be dealt with. She
whirled around to find one of her officers nearby. “Centurion Maxiumus!” she barked.
“You’re in charge here! Push forward and secure Gaul!”
Maximus blinked in surprise before nodding. “Yes, ma’am!” he acknowledged. “What of
you?”

“I’m going to secure our flank,” she replied. “If you see Caesar, do NOT engage! Leave him
to Spartacus!” With that, she turned back to Mash. “Let’s go.”
Mash nodded. With that, the two Servants dashed away from the front lines as the centurion
started roaring orders to advance. Moving around the fortress, they deflected and evaded
what few arrows came their way as they made their way to the western side. As the walls
gave way, they were greeted with the sight of fire tornados and localized gusts that battered
the URE reinforcements. The forces numbered about seven hundred total – not huge but
more than enough to rout the Roman army easily should they reach their destination.
As they approached, Tamamo glanced over from the small hill she stood on nearby.
“Fortuitous timing,” she greeted. “Our Master has ordered me to slow them down and while
I’m doing my utmost, they are proving tenacious – as puppets too often are.” Indeed, the
URE soldiers didn’t seem to care about the various supernatural phenomena in their way and
kept marching regardless. They weren’t moving to pincer the Roman forces, surprisingly,
which was sign enough they had no officers among them to redirect their movements.
Taking a moment to consider the situation, the Rider nodded. “Then I’ll head them off,” she
replied. “Just use your spells as you see fit, Caster. Mash, with me!” With the shielder
following her, she focused on her prana. “I will protect everyone,” she intoned. A burst of
flames erupted from beneath her feet as horse-drawn wooden vehicle appeared, to Mash’s
surprise. It took a moment and a look from Boudica for her to hop on as well.
“Chariot of Boudica!” Rider cried.
Thundering forward, the chariot moved to intercept between the fortress and the oncoming
reinforcements. Although her Noble Phantasm was meant for protection and would be the
best use for it, there were plenty of other uses for the chariot. In this case, the ‘protection’
created a barrier that the URE reinforcements could not easily breach and needed to
maneuver around. A fact that was made more complicated by a resurgence of flames and
winds, courtesy of Tamamo, hemming them all in and incinerating them.
Circling around, the chariot reached the rear of the contingent. “All yours, Mash!” Boudica
yelled.
Mash blinked, then nodded. Jumping off the chariot, she hefted her shield. “Mash Kyrielight,
engaging!” she roared as she charged into the fray. The soldiers turned around and tried to cut
her down, only for her great shield to deflect their blades like they were made of tinfoil as she
smashed past their armor and shields. The soldiers unflinchingly tried to surround her and
limit her space, but a swing of her shield ensured the spacing she needed.
Tamamo, meanwhile, watched everything that was going on. With Boudica shepherding the
URE soldiers together and Mash slamming them in the rear, it was child’s play for her curses
to inflict heavy damage with her barely even trying. What was the modern phrase for this
situation? ‘Like shooting fish in a barrel.’ However, even she was not blind to her
surroundings – the Roman soldiers were fighting by themselves, and most importantly, Ritsu
was left alone.

“Mash has engaged the enemy in the rear,” the miko reported via mental contact. “Boudica is
keeping them contained as I’m dealing with them. We should be done here momentarily.”
“Great to hear,” Ritsu replied. Her tone was oddly calm and contained. It was certainly
different from the more experienced energy that Ren Amamiya gave off. She hadn’t
witnessed Morgana’s command as he often deferred to Ren, but she had a feeling he
would’ve been different as well. Was it because Ritsuka wasn’t as experienced? It was hard
to say. But she wasn’t flying off the handle, which was perhaps as good as they could expect.
“Any sign of Caesar?” Tamamo asked, glancing over at the fortress. Aside from the soldiers
on both sides fighting with one another, she could see no sign of the emperor.
“Nope, not a one,” the Master said. A tone of worry trepidation crept into her voice. “I
haven’t seen – or heard- of any sign of Spartacus either. As a fighter, I don’t think we need to
worry about him too much, but against someone like Caesar who’s a master of words…”
“You think he might be swayed?” Tamamo finished for her grimly.
There was a moment’s pause. “Finish up and reconvene with Spartacus as soon as you can,”
Ritsu stated. Tamamo nodded and cast more curses. They couldn’t leave this to chance – not
now. If Spartacus did end up turning against them thanks to Caesar, they were as good as
doomed.
-----------Caesar brushed off the dust off his waistcoat and jacket with a huff. The audience hall was in
complete ruin thanks to the explosions. They weren’t quite as violent as he expected – most
of the explosions had been focused more on the outer fortifications than the keep itself – but
it was still troubling, nevertheless. For once, he was thankful for his Saber classification; the
magic resistance warded off the worst of the damage.
He continued brushing off the dust off. It wasn’t enough to keep him completely unscathed,
however. A small annoyance but an annoyance, regardless.
The emperor glanced back at the throne itself. It had toppled over in the mess, covered in dust
and rubble. With a sigh, he walked over and stood it upright, brushing it off as well before
stepping back, staring at it. The throne was a simple matter – semi-cushioned seat, angular,
carved of a dark wood and polished to an immaculate degree, now marred by the destruction
around it.
It was no seat of Rome. It was supposedly a seat of power, yet he never felt as powerless as
he did in this campaign. Forced to fight against his beloved empire for some wretch who
knew absolutely nothing of humanity’s glories. Sitting here in Gaul, whose tribes were
tenuous allies to Rome at best and always leaped at an opportunity to oppose the empire at
worst.
His hands tightened into fists. This was all supremely frustrating. All he could do was try to
give a smooth path for his opposition and try to make sure they win. Yet everything screamed
at him to at least seize the chance for victory. It would be child’s play – all he needed to do

was speak, and he could turn this entire battle around. And yet that wasn’t what he wanted in
the slightest. In the end, what did he want?
His thoughts were interrupted when something dropped from above, destroying the throne he
had been staring at. Slowly, he looked up to see what had interrupted his ruminations: A
grey-skinned giant of a man with a haunting grin and bloodshot eyes staring down at him. He
was covered in dust as well as the transparent liquid the facsimile soldiers invariably shed. “I
have found you, oppressor,” he rasped, his face barely two feet away from his.
Caesar blinked, then smiled. “Ah, welcome, Spartacus,” he greeted warmly. The rebel
gladiator was known to him – after all, they shared the same era together. He never fought
against the gladiator himself, but there was no way he hadn’t heard of the rebel. He gently
brushed the rubble of the throne off his coat, seemingly unconcerned with the Berserker in
front of him. “You’ll have to forgive if I couldn’t give you a warmer greeting,” he added.
“With how circumstances have been, I’ve been forced to act as a very poor host.”
Spartacus’s gaze intensified. “I do not have words to bandy with an oppressor,” he growled.
“Your presence and your command have oppressed our allies for long enough, and you shall
be removed! I will defeat any and all oppressors, including you!”
The emperor raised an eyebrow. “Come now, isn’t that a bit of a stretch?” he asked. He
spread his hands wide in indication. “Where do you see me oppressing anybody? Rather, by
attacking, you are the ones oppressing me. I’ve done nothing of the sort – I merely wish to
stay in this fortress, then set out as necessary. No, I wish to eliminate oppression myself.
After all, there are many Romans who chafe under the rule of emperor Nero. I wish to bring
them greater prosperity. Even slaves shall be Romans and enjoy newfound freedom?”
He raised a hand to the gladiator. “Will you not join me, oh mighty Spartacus?” he asked with
a smile. “In my fight against oppression in turn?”
There was nothing but silence for a moment. Spartacus shifted – then Caesar found himself
barely blocking an inhumanly strong blow from the Berserker’s sword with his own golden
blade. The sheer force of it flung him into the air and sent him sliding against the ground,
braking only by stabbing the tiles beneath him.
The emperor could only look up at Spartacus in utter surprise as the grey-skinned man
grinned once more. “You speak much,” he said. “However, I am deaf to the words of
oppressors. Come! I will make sure to silence you once and for all! Never again will I allow
you to oppress anything in the end!”
Caesar could only blink, then he began chuckling, then full-on laughing. Of course! How
could he be so mistaken? A Berserker was a madman! His speech undoubtedly wouldn’t
work on him! Oh, it would’ve been far too simple a matter if his words could sway his
loyalty! But now he no longer had to worry. Now this was truly what he wanted! “Very
well!” he cried jovially. “Then we are past any recourse save of arms! I, Gaius Julius Caesar,
shall be your opponent! Show me your wrath, Spartacus!”
Their blades clashed, and the resulting shockwave ruptured the air.

---------An explosion echoed from within the castle, drawing the Servants’ attention. They still had a
good number of soldiers to go through. While they still weren’t focusing on the Servants and
were trying to get to the castle, their sheer robotic persistence continued to push against
Boudica’s protection. Thanks to Mash’s efforts and Tamamo’s curses, they were rapidly
thinning out, but nowhere close to enough. Several hundred still remained.
Mash gritted her teeth as she swung her shield, flinging soldiers away from her and gaining
some space. “I’m moving to reinforce Spartacus!” she called out in voice and mind to
communicate to both the Servants and Ritsu her intentions. With that, she prepared to
withdraw.
“Denied, Mash.”
The unexpected answer caused the shielder to jerk in surprise, her momentum almost causing
her to stumble. She barely managed to parry a soldier that charged at her, kicking him away.
“S-senpai?!” she stammered as she readied herself for the oncoming soldiers.
Ritsu watched the explosions from within the fortress through her binoculars. “Spartacus
most likely is engaging Caesar,” she explained. “If I know anything about his legend and
strength, he’ll be more than enough to beat someone like Caesar by himself. Our priority
right now is making sure the Roman forces are stable enough to capture the fortress – or
what remains of it anyway, with how they’re going.” The sounds of further explosions
echoing through the air reinforced her last point.
She checked over on the Roman forces. While it was hard to see thanks to the wall blocking
her way, they had breached the openings in the wall and had engaged the URE forces directly
in a melee. The Roman archers were returning fire, thinning out the remaining soldiers on the
wall. They were without a doubt making good headway. But it could go better.
“Once you guys are finished, Boudica will rendezvous with the Roman troops and finish
securing the rest of the fortress,” she stated. “Mash, you’ll move with Caster then to reinforce
Spartacus and bring Caesar down. For now, focus on dealing with these URE troops – last
thing we need is to be flanked and for our newfound morale to shatter.”
Mash could only blink in surprise at her orders, but hesitantly nodded. “Y-yes, senpai!” she
called out before jumping back into the soldiers, lashing out with her shield. Tamamo, who
had listened in on the entire conversation as it pertained to her too, simply frowned a bit more
deeply but accepted the orders, nevertheless. For perhaps the umpteenth time now, she could
only think her Masters were odd. Ritsu, however, continued to defy her expectations at every
turn. How vexing.
Meanwhile, the redheaded Master continued to monitor the battle from a distance, anxiety
wrapping around her heart and stomach like an icy claw. While what she said was true, there
was another reason why she kept Mash from immediately rushing to Spartacus and Caesar.
The emperor was incredibly persuasive with his words and charisma – even she felt herself
swayed during his speech and the dinner just the night before. As expected of a Roman
emperor who stood at the top of the empire’s political world.

Thus, there was no guarantee that Spartacus wouldn’t be persuaded by the emperor. As much
as she wanted to believe in the Berserker, to underestimate Caesar would be their downfall.
The emperor may be trying to lose, but like hell she was about to put her full faith in that fact
– all it would take would be a single command seal, after all, to bring his full might to bear.
And who knows what kind of leaps of logic the Berserker would jump to? With that, there
would be a high chance that Spartacus would be persuaded.
And if Mash was by herself there, then the conclusion would be obvious.
So Ritsu bided her time. She knew all too damn well that sometimes, a gamble was
necessary. But like hell was she gonna gamble Mash’s life in such a scenario. The shielder
may not put a high consideration on her own life, but she was just as valuable as anyone else
in Chaldea. No, more so. Just as high as Ren and Morgana, two of her greatest idols.
Ren…
How would the Phantom Thieves have handled this? How would Ren have handled this?
They would’ve done something spectacular and flashy, no doubt. There wouldn’t be any
casualties, Caesar would be taken out of the equation one way or another, and they’d be on
their way. And even if it wasn’t nearly as clean cut as she hoped it would be, at the very least,
he’d be fighting either alongside Mash, or with Spartacus negating whatever Caesar said with
that razor-sharp wit of his.
And yet here she was, just spitting out orders to figures way more awesome than her like a
damn novice telling pros what to do. Was that her capacity as a Master? Maybe, but it
definitely didn’t sit right with her. They were here risking their necks and probably have a lot
more knowledge and experience in this entire field. At the very least, she should be fighting
alongside them or something so she’d have something to back up her words!
Her frustration boiling over, she could only punch the tree beside her. The bark scraping
against her skin and the shock through her bones jarred her out of her anger for a bit. She
needed to focus. Bringing back up her binoculars, she continued monitoring the battle, ready
to distribute orders as necessary.
If she couldn’t make sure everyone came out of this alive, she could never face everyone else
ever again.
---------Each time their blades met, the sound of metal on metal rang through the air. The swings of
the two were so fast and fervent, that it sounded like a rain of steel and war that echoed
throughout the ruined audience hall. The air reverberated with each impact, blowing away the
dust and small pieces of rubble. There were one or two Roman soldiers who had stumbled
upon the battle, but even a fool with no sense knew not to interfere.
If they entered, only certain death awaited them.
The shining, golden blade of Caesar and the dull iron sword of Spartacus clashed again and
again. Both of them moved about, trying to gain a more favorable position on their opponent.

Caesar could move faster than Spartacus and had better martial skills, but the gladiator had
the instincts and experience to ward him off and retaliate in turn, meaning the emperor had to
stay on his toes.
Caesar and Spartacus may have shared the same period of time, but neither of them ever
fought face to face. The former had been busy trying to ascend his career while the latter
fought miles upon miles away in a different battlefield. To think this would be how they
would meet face to face: Among ruins far from Rome, surrounded by facsimiles of Roman
soldiers, with the rebel fighting for the empire as the emperor fights against it.
The sheer irony could only come from either the most horrid of plays or the most masterful.
Any further thoughts were interrupted as Caesar had to stop a swing from Spartacus, the
sheer force blasting him through a wall and out onto the outer fortifications. Using his blade
once more to stop himself, he came to a rest on the battlements as he caught his breath.
Glancing to the side, he noticed some Roman soldiers staring at him with eyes as wide as
saucers.
The emperor blinked in surprise, then out of the corner of his eye saw Spartacus leaping
towards him. He took the brief second to wave the soldiers away desperately before raising
his blade, blocking the Berserker’s sword as the battlements crumbled underneath him,
sending them crashing to the ground. “I must admit,” he panted. “Your strength and skill far
surpass my already high expectations. You have my greatest compliments, Spartacus!”
Spartacus turned toward Caesar. Though that grin of his never dropped, the bloodthirsty stare
from his eyes only intensified. “Compliments from an oppressor like you are worth less than
drivel,” he growled. Your tyranny ends now, oppressor!”
Caesar heaved an exasperated sigh. While he had been glad that the Berserker was far too
mad and set in his ways to ever listen to his speech and therefore be persuaded, it was starting
to get a bit tiresome. Well, at least one way or another, he wouldn’t have to deal with it
anymore. Still, his compliments to Spartacus were sincere: as befitting the gladiator, his
martial skill was impressive, honed by experience, and his strength had certainly been
prodigious. Every single time their blades met jarred his arms painfully, forcing him to either
deflect, yield, or outright dodge his blows.
But now, with their battlefield forced out into the fields of Gaul, it was perhaps time to end it.
The sun was peering over the horizon, bathing the land in golden-orange rays of dawn. Their
armies were too far away now to assist them. He could see in the distance reinforcements to
his own men, but the enemy Servants had hemmed them in and were systematically
eradicating them.
And then there was that Master who stood a distance away, watching the battle unfolding
with cold, impassive eyes. Such a change from the nervous yet energetic girl who sat at his
table last night. How curious. Still, it mattered little. Everything he saw only reinforced what
he wanted: One way or another, this dawn would greet his triumph.
He jumped back and began focusing his prana, his blade radiating energy. At the same time,
Spartacus began emitting power of his own, the feeling akin to a wild beast who had just

broken free from its shackles. It seemed they had both decided that this exchange would be
their last and would hold nothing back. Both barely registered the Master immediately
scrambling for cover as they focused on their opponent.
“I came, I saw, and now all that is left is to conquer,” Caesar intoned as his blade glowed
brightly. His sword was one that would guarantee victory, one that would carve the way for
his future. Now and in the future, it would mark the way for the empire, for good or ill. It was
his symbol, his strength, his power. And with it, his fate would be decided.
“Crocea Mors!!”
With that, he rushed forward, his golden sword shining brightly. Spartacus didn’t take his
eyes off him as he chanted in turn. “Rebellion is truly my life,” he rasped out. “Ah, my
oppressors in the distance… Take up your blades and try to destroy me!”
So that was his Noble Phantasm chant? Well, no matter what it was, it was far too slow.
Reaching Spartacus, the Crocea Mors swung in a wide arc. Spartacus moved to block but the
golden blade simply didn’t meet the sword, as if it was fated to hit. And it struck true: carving
a bloody furrow that sprayed blood on Spartacus’s torso as it easily sliced through flesh and
armor. Caesar swung again, and just like before, he cut Spartacus as if it was fated to happen.
And he cut again.
And again.
And again.
And again.
And yet again.
By the fourth cut, however, Caesar noticed something was wrong. The wounds inflicted by
Crocea Mors were healing at a faster and faster rate. And unless his eyes were playing tricks
on him, Spartacus seemed to be getting larger, his muscles bulging even further. The more he
cut, the further Spartacus seemed to grow, his aura of power sending a cold chill down his
spine. He realized in the end too late what he was cutting: Not a Servant, not even a rebel
gladiator, but a monster that would destroy all oppression even if he had to spill a sea of
blood.
Finally, Crocea Mors stopped, halted by the bulging flesh of Spartacus. The Berserker was
now easily twenty feet tall, utterly monstrous, and only barely held a human shape. Caesar
couldn’t even see his surroundings anymore, the presence of the gladiator utterly dwarfing
everything in the vicinity, even him. The light from his golden sword faded away, leaving the
emperor in his shadow, untouched even the rays of the oncoming dawn.
“You cannot defy the fate of all oppressors,” Spartacus growled, his voice sounding more
bestial than human. He raised his hand that held onto his sword, now looking little more than
an iron toothpick in his massive hands. “Perish.”

Caesar could only stare up at the Berserker – no, the force that stood against him. Against
such power, his brilliant mind failed him. There is no chance of victory here. Only defeat and
death. And yet, despite losing, he could only feel a profound sense of satisfaction. In the end,
this loss was also his victory. The Roman Empire would continue without and despite him.
He only wished he could be with Cleopatra and Cesarion as it bloomed once more.
Then Spartacus swung down. All his senses were obliterated, and he knew no more.

Chapter End Notes

If you guys want more information about the story or background details, join the
Discord! There's more than you can ever stomach!
https://discord.gg/468z2N3G

Chapter 72: The Calm After the Storm
Chapter Summary

Everyone takes a breath.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Gotta admit, this feels a bit surreal.”
Both Tamamo and Mash glanced up from their spots on the ground. They were currently in
Ritsu’s tent, sitting on the ground while using their bedrolls (a spare one in Tamamo’s case)
as cushions. Between them was a small pot of boiling water, helpfully lit by a talisman
emitting a small yet intense flame. After the water had been brought down to a more
reasonable temperature, the fox miko ladled the water into cups with tea bags nestled within.
“What do you mean, senpai?” the shielder asked in curiosity.
Ritsu gestured around them. “Not an hour ago, everyone was fighting like crazy,” she
explained. “It was all chaos, excitement, loud noises, et cetera, et cetera. And now we’re here
just… enjoying a nice cup of tea in peace. Like, I’m not the only one getting whiplash from
that, am I? Or am I just going crazy?”
“Observing the calm after a battle is not uncommon, however strange it may feel,” Tamamo
reassured her as she gently sipped at her tea. “If there are no tasks for us to do, then it is
imperative for us to recover our strength. It was a hard-fought victory, after all.”
“Well,” Ritsu stammered. “I mean…”
The Caster shot a stern glare over her cup. “I do hope, Master, you do not intend on rushing
out and doing more?” she asked, an edge to her tone. A twitch of her ears further belayed her
irritation at Ritsu’s impatience and fidgeting.
Ritsu stiffened, then slouched. “No, Tamamo,” she muttered. Satified, the miko nodded and
continued sipping her tea. Still, it didn’t sit well with the Master – all she did was sit in the
back, barking orders. She really didn’t do much overall. Everyone said otherwise, but how
was she supposed to believe that when everyone risked life and limb and she was all safe and
sound in the distance?
In the meantime, most of the army were back at the camp with them. They were busy either
recuperating or mending their gear and organizing. Boudica had taken a squad of fresher
troops over to the fortress to secure it, checking to make sure it was safe to hold after all it

had been through. From preliminary inspections, the outer fortifications were in decent
condition despite Tamamo’s bombardment.
The same couldn’t be said for the keep. While it had been damaged from Tamamo’s curses,
the duel between Caesar and Spartacus had been the tipping point. Their fight had been so
fierce that the structure was rendered incredibly unstable, completely unfit for habitation.
Engineers would have to be sent in later to either repair or salvage the fortress as necessary,
but for now, there were standing orders not to enter without due cause. In the meantime, what
few supplies were quickly found and carried out before they could tempt the fragility of the
structure any further.
The Master soon grinned again. “Still, you two were freaking awesome!” she cried.
“Tamamo, your spells were ridiculous. Those explosions were beyond insane and provided
every opening we needed for the attack. Mashumallow, you were kicking those URE troops’
asses up and down the field. It was awe-inspiring to watch you work. God, it was almost like
watching a movie!”
“Oh, um, th-thank you, senpai,” Mash stammered in surprise, her red quickly turning crimson
from embarrassment. “It was because o-of the directions you gave that we were able to work
s-so effectively, after all.”
Ritsu blinked and waved it off. “Bah, I didn’t do much,” she replied easily. “You guys did all
the hard work. Really, I was short a bucket of popcorn from being just an audience member
here.” She took a gulp of her tea – and recoiled. “Oh god, too hot, too hot,” she mumbled
before blowing on her tea, trying to cool it down before taking another sip.
Tamamo could only sigh. “Master, are you going to continue downplaying yourself like
this?” she asked impatiently, to both Ritsu’s and Mash’s surprise. “It was your plan that ended
up breaching Caesar’s fortress, was it not? And it was you who managed to discover his
class. Also, your handling of the battle afterward, adapting to the situation at hand. I believe
these were all your feats, no?”
The Master blinked at the straightforwardness of the Caster as she stared straight at her. “You
are our Master,” she emphasized. “Giving commands as you did is your prerogative and
making sure to see the battle through. In both aspects, you have handled yourself well. Take
some pride in that.”
Blinking in surprise, Ritsu struggled to find a decent response to Tamamo’s words.
Eventually, she could only laugh sheepishly, rubbing the back of her neck. “Heh, that has to
be the most annoyed pep talk I think I’ve ever had,” she commented ruefully. However, she
didn’t acknowledge Tamamo’s words, instead sipping her tea nervously. Honestly, while what
Tamamo said was true, she still couldn’t help but feel… inadequate in all aspects. But given
how annoyed the Caster was, she decided against speaking any further on the subject.
Mash meanwhile looked nervously between the two, not even touching a drop of her tea.
“Erm, your magecraft is quite unique, Caster!” she burst out, trying to alleviate the
awkwardness between the two. “Is that onmyoji or some other form of Eastern magecraft?
Caesar seemed to have a hard time figuring out beyond the basics.”

Tamamo blinked as the shielder spoke up, then chuckled. “It is not onmyoji, dear Mash,” she
answered. “It is simply some fox mysteries I can utilize and direct. They’re quite versatile, as
you can tell.”
“Is that something I can learn?” Ritsu immediately spoke up, her eyes burning.
The question and the intensity of the Master’s gaze caught both of them off-guard, the two of
them looking at each other in bewilderment before turning back to Ritsu. “Not easily,”
Tamamo answered quietly. “It would take years of study, as well as a proclivity for magecraft
that most of humanity no longer possess.” Let alone someone as incapable as Ritsu came the
unspoken statement that hung heavily in the air like a dark cloud.
Ritsu in turn only blinked, silent for a moment, then laughed. “Pft, of course,” she replied
easily with a grin. “If it was that easy, everyone would be doing it – though of course, not to
your level, Tamamo.” She chuckled as she shook her head, staring into her cup of tea.
“Would be nice, though,” she murmured as she took another careful sip.
Tamamo gave Ritsu a deadpan stare before sighing, relenting on whatever lecture she had for
the Master. “After you’re finished, lay on your stomach,” she gently commanded the Master,
to her surprise. “We have been through quite a bit – I believe a massage is in order to
alleviate exhaustion and stress, especially since we will be marching once more before long.”
The redhead’s eyes widened, then she immediately started chugging the tea down – and
making a muffled yelp of pain as the hot tea scalded her mouth once more. Tamamo could
only give an exasperated sigh before smiling as Mash began fretting. The eagerness of youth
and ambition. How refreshing.
----------Spartacus sat on a nearby hill, looking over the ruined fortress. His eyes tracked the path of
his battle with the oppressor, each crater or furrow left in the rubble and the ground a record
of their crossed swords. He was well out of sight of the soldiers, though still within earshot if
someone called for assistance, allowing him to sit in peace. And to ponder – for there was
much to ponder.
The Berserker was keeping his distance from the camp and the Roman soldiers for now. After
witnessing his victory over Caesar, they were terrified of him. While only oppressors needed
to fear him, he could understand their reasoning: the power needed to shatter the shackles of
oppression was great, and oftentimes ugly. He encapsulated that power, and while he had
absolutely no regrets using Crying Warmonger to destroy the oppressor, even he knew that it
was unsightly. The soldiers didn’t need to be oppressed by his presence.
“Didn’t think I’d find you here.”
Glancing up, Spartacus noticed Boudica standing nearby with a small smile. “I thought you’d
be celebrating your victory over the oppressors,” she pointed out. “Something the matter?”
Spartacus didn’t say anything for a moment, turning back to stare at the battle. “I am not sure
I killed an oppressor,” he murmured.

Boudica blinked in surprise at the statement. “And what makes you say that?” she
questioned.
Raising a finger, he pointed at the fortress. “I fought the oppressor in that fortress,” he stated.
“He told me he was not oppressing anybody, and that he simply wished to bring everyone
back into the fold of the rightful Roman empire. He spoke a truth and a lie. I did not see him
oppressing anyone – he may have oppressed back in the past, but not now – but he was not
fighting to bring the empire under his fold.”
He glanced up at the Rider. “You told me he did not wish to fight, yes?” he asked.
Boudica again blinked and slowly nodded in affirmation, wondering where this conversation
was going.
Spartacus huffed. “Then he was not fighting for that wish,” he muttered. “If that is the case,
then he was being oppressed in turn, fighting for a war he did not believe in. I have destroyed
someone who was oppressed and only realized it afterward. I do not know if that makes me
an oppressor.”
The Iceni queen was silent as she pondered the Berserker’s words. The legend of Spartacus
was well known – leading a rebellion of slaves against the tyranny of the Roman empire, he
was a well-known, skilled gladiator with both excellent fighting skills and martial prowess.
While he ultimately failed, what his rebellion stood for and his ideals still shone brightly even
until modern day. Thus, it was no surprise that such a realization would cause no small
amount of contemplation.
The Rider sat down beside Spartacus, looking out with him over at the fortress. “Hm, I can
see why you’d think that,” she mused. “However, I don’t think you are.”
The Berserker glanced over at Boudica. “And why makes you so sure?”
Boudica smiled sadly. “If what the girls told me is right, then Caesar most likely wasn’t
fighting of his own free will,” she murmured. “He is a Servant beholden to a Master, after all.
You know how the contract works - There wasn’t an easy way to break him out of his
shackles.”
Spartacus huffed as he clenched his hands. “Being a Servant is oppression,” he growled.
“Only under the wrong Master,” Boudica corrected, quickly recognizing the Berserker’s
chain of logic. “Caesar was working with a Master who would see humanity destroyed,
something he certainly didn’t want. Honestly, I think what you did was a mercy for the
emperor.”
That caused the Berserker to glance over at Rider in surprise, then furrow his eyebrows in
thought. “So, I liberated Caesar from his own oppression… by killing him,” he muttered.
“It’s very much a last resort,” Boudica sighed. “But I think he was glad you took him out.
You did stop him from being oppressed, after all.”

There was a moment of silence as the gladiator thought about the Rider’s words, following
the train of logic. “Then… we must go after the oppressor, still,” Spartacus rumbled in
conclusion. “Caesar’s Master.”
Boudica nodded. “Most likely,” she agreed. “At the end of the day, that’s all we can really do
– try to accept what we’ve done and move forward to doing better. Just like you are.”
The Berserker was quiet. “The past truly is the greatest oppressor,” he murmured. Then he
turned to Boudica and nodded. “Thank you for speaking with me about this.”
The Rider smiled again. “Anytime,” she replied. With that, she stood up. “I’m going to check
on the troops and the girls,” she explained. “If you need anything, just let me know.” She
gave Spartacus’s shoulder a gentle pat, then walked off back towards the camp, leaving the
gladiator alone once more.
Spartacus watched her leave, then turned back to the fortress. The line between oppressors
and oppressed was murky. He would have to puzzle it out, but in the end, his end goal would
be the same, one way or another.
Oppressors will be crushed. No more, no less.
---------Mash blinked as she looked around. There was nothing but darkness and emptiness all
around her. The only thing she could see was her own self, lit by some unseen, unknown light
source. She couldn’t even see the ground she was standing on. She was still in her armor as a
demi-Servant – probably for the best. She wasn’t sure if this place was hostile or not.
It was certainly odd. After having tea with Tamamo and Ritsu, she went to bed for the
evening, then found herself here. She felt oddly adrift, like she weighed half as much as she
actually did. Most likely she was asleep, and despite the logically unnerving circumstances
she found herself in, she felt… safe. A sensation that certainly had her curiosity – and her
wariness.
Turning, she saw something strange: A cell door made bars made of blue light floating in the
air. A red glow emanated from the other side, obscuring whatever lay behind the door.
Normally, everything about this screamed danger to her, yet for some reason, she didn’t feel
afraid. She slowly walked toward the door, her footsteps utterly silent in the void. Reaching
it, she raised her hand… and hesitated. This all felt too odd. Was this a trap of some sort?
Perhaps it was a form of magecraft? Tamamo had erected bounded fields to prevent such a
thing from happening, but caution was warranted here.
Could she even leave?
“Your caution is understandable and commendable, Ms. Kyrielight. But you have naught to
fear here.”
The booming voice, sounding both familiar and unfamiliar, caught the shielder by surprise.
Whirling around, she found the source: A flaming being with a red coat, wearing a top hat

with claws and blade-like feet – no, heels. Out of his legs were a large pair of crimson wings.
In lieu of a face was a metal mask, where blue flames resembling eyes and a grin burned.
It took Mash a second to recognize him, but the being was utterly mistakeable to her. After
all, her senpai summoned him countless times already. “You’re Ren-senpai’s persona,” she
gasped. “You’re… Arsene, right? Like Arsene Lupin?”
Although the face of Arsene didn’t change, Mash got a distinct feeling that his ‘grin’
widened. “That is correct,” he replied, bowing deeply. “I am Arsene. It is a pleasure to meet
at last, Ms. Kyrielight. You have made quite an impression on my other self, enough to form
an arcana with him.”
That term was unfamiliar. “An arcana?” Mash echoed.
“A bond,” Arsene explained. “Most people only have one persona. However, my other self is
a ‘Wild Card’ – one who can bear multiple personas. Such personas can be altered and
strengthened by the power of their bonds, each one corresponding to an arcana.”
Mash blinked in surprise. “So these arcanas, these bonds, are the source of Ren-senpai’s
strength?” she asked.
Arsene nodded. “One of many,” he confirmed.
The shielder pondered. Ren did talk about his powers, but never in great detail. “Is it okay for
you to tell me all this?” she asked, worried. “These are Ren-senpai’s powers, after all. Aren’t
they supposed to be secret?”
The persona chuckled, the sound echoing throughout the void. “In regard to him, ‘I am thou,
thou art I,’” he replied. “If I am explaining all this to you, then that would mean my other self
wished for you to know, if subconsciously. The realm of dreams and cognition is a place
where reality and wishes meld, after all.”
The realm of dreams...? She recalled during her studies that a Servant could witness their
Master’s memories via dreams or vice versa, but this was unprecedented. Then again,
everything revolving Ren-senpai had been unprecedented and frankly, she had been burning
with questions about him. So far, everything here only further inflamed her curiosity.
She glanced over at the cell door. “What’s through here?” she asked curiously.
Arsene followed her gaze. “That leads to my other self’s inner realm,” he stated, nodding at
the door. “His greatest treasures reside within. No one can enter without his express
permission.”
His burning eyes turned to Mash. “Permission that you have,” he finished.
That caught Mash off guard. “That I-“ she stammered, looking back at the door in shock.
Ren-senpai’s inner realm? And she had permission? It all boggled her mind as she struggled
to make sense of it all. “But… why does he… why would Ren-senpai…?”

“My other self has said he trusts you, did he not?” Arsene said. “He does not make such
statements lightly. His bonds are inviolable, as much a part of him as I am. You may think
otherwise, but he relies on you greatly, and that comes with a great degree of trust. I am
simply here to show you the way.”
The shielder could only stare at Arsene before turning back to the door. Ren-senpai trusted
her this much that he would allow her into his inner realm? What would she find within?
What would she witness? What about the secrets Ren-senpai held? Would it truly be okay for
her to witness all of them? Her curiosity burned ever brighter as she considered it all. She
wanted to know so much. Perhaps it would be a way to finally stand shoulder to shoulder
with him. Lifting her hand, she reached toward the door…
And stopped.
Arsene meanwhile stared impassively. “What’s wrong?” he asked. “Do you not wish to know
more about him?”
Mash hesitantly, then resolutely lowered her hand, shaking her head. “Senpai probably has a
lot of secrets within, things he doesn’t want to tell people about, for one reason or another,”
she replied. “Until I get permission from him directly and he has knowledge of where I’m
going, I won’t enter.”
“Even when I, as his true self, grant you permission?” the persona prodded.
The shielder nodded. “Even then,” she confirmed. Smiling, the girl bowed toward Arsene. “I
thank you for the opportunity and your permission, but this is something I must speak to Rensenpai about. I hope you understand.”
There was a moment of silence as Arsene gazed down at Mash without moving, then he
started laughing. The mirthful sound boomed and echoed throughout the empty void. “Very
well, then!” he cried. “I understand and honor your determination, Ms. Kyrielight! My other
self values you greatly, and I find now even more reasons to! This is not a privilege he shares
lightly, after all.”
With that, he bowed once more to Mash. “I thank you,” he said. “For being my other self’s
stalwart companion and ally even when all seemed lost. Speak with him, then, and strengthen
your bond. After that, I have no doubt we will meet again.”
Mash smiled. “I hope so,” she agreed. “But until then, thank you again, Mr. Arsene. It was an
honor to meet you.”
The persona’s smile seemed to widen. “I assure you, the honor was mine,” Arsene replied
earnestly. “But for now, I bid you adieu. Until next time, Ms. Kyrielight.”
With that, both persona and the cell door faded from view, leaving Mash in the void.
-----------“And that’s how we took Gaul and beat Caesar!”

Marie dutifully typed up the report as Ritsu told the entire account of their siege, not even
bothering to suppress her wonder. “Magnifique!” she exclaimed. “It must’ve been truly a
spectacular battle to behold! The others here were brainstorming plans here to assist you, but
that is truly a unique idea. The others most definitely will commend you for it!”
Ritsu chuckled sheepishly as she rubbed the back of her neck. “I just thought of a weird,
harebrained idea,” she admitted. “I’m just happy it worked. The others were the ones doing
most of the work anyway. Speaking of which, how are Ren and Morgana so far?”
The Rider pursed her lips as she took a look at their most recent reports. “Monsieur Morgana
is still sailing,” she answered. “Apparently he is working with legate Evander on securing the
resupply route by sea. Monsieur Ren is still marching towards Masilia. So far, no
complications. Are you going to rendezvous with Ren?”
“Not immediately,” Ritsu replied. “Boudica wants to have the Roman forces set up here
before we make our way back and assess the damage. We’re probably gonna be helping her
with that. But once that’s done, we’ll meet up with Ren at Masilia as planned.”
Marie nodded. “Tres bien,” she said. “I believe that should cover it. How are you faring
though, Ritsu? You seem to be rather exhausted lately.”
That caught the Master by surprise, who then sighed. “Jeez, was it that obvious?” she
grumbled. “I’m really not used to sleeping outdoors here. Maybe a short camping trip, sure,
but just constantly on the march like this? Ugh. You’ll hear it first from me: Never take a nice
bed for granted.”
The queen giggled in reply. “I do believe Messieurs Ren and Morgana had a similar opinion
back in Orleans,” she commented, remembering their own march back in the singularity. “I
take it modern standards haven’t improved soldiers’ equipment greatly, then?”
Both of them chat and gossiped for a good long while, Marie having long stopped writing the
report as their discussion hadn’t been of much mission relevance. After a while, they hung up
as Ritsu left to go get some lunch, leaving the Rider to stretch in her chair, letting out a soft
sigh. She was almost sad that she hadn’t been able to go along with the ground team, with all
their interesting adventures, but at least being here somewhat made up for it.
“Thanks for covering, Marie.”
Blinking in surprise, she turned to see Roman walking back up with a steaming cup of coffee
in hand. He looked haggard as always, though it was still an improvement compared to when
it was just him manning the console all day, every day. Marie smiled back in turn. “It is
hardly a problem, Monsieur Romani,” she gracefully replied. “But I thought Madamoiselle
Da Vinci asked you to take a longer break? She was quite insistent on that.”
Roman chuckled ruefully. “Yeah, she did,” he admitted. “But honestly, sitting still is only
making me more restless, and I’ve already walked endless loops around Chaldea to try and
relax. Plus, Magi*Mari isn’t streaming right now, so not much of a distraction for me.”

Marie pouted as she regarded the tired doctor. “Then I’m not sure if I should allow you to
man the console once more, Monsieur,” she stated. “After all, by your admittance, you are
not fully rested, non? You should be resting once more.”
The doctor sighed as he raised his free hand in surrender. “I overheard your conversation with
Ritsu,” he said. “At the very least, it seems like I won’t have to do much for now. I’ll take the
station for an hour just to settle my nerves, and then hop back off to try resting some more. Is
that a deal?”
The queen stared hard at the doctor, who was almost squirming in place, then sighed. “It
seems I shall not dissuade you,” she commented. “Very well. I will resume my station here
after an hour, and no later. I do hope you’ll keep to your word.”
Roman sighed in relief as he smiled. “I promise,” he replied gratefully.
Marie simply giggled before standing up, allowing the doctor to resume his station. Leaving
him to his work, she walked out of the command room, humming a small tune to herself.
While Servants had no need to eat, she was in the mood for something sweet. Perhaps a small
cake and a cup of tea would do. Then she would have to meet up with the more warknowledgeable Servants and tell them what had transpired in Gaul. No doubt they would
have much to say about it.
As she walked along the wall, a strange sound caught her ear. It sounded like an impact on
something soft, yet loud? Altering her course, she decided to investigate. Walking down a
couple doors, she soon found herself at the gym. It was a surprisingly expansive facility,
stocked with exercise machines and weights all around. A shelf nearby held items such as
towels and yoga mats, parked right next to a water fountain. There was a door that led to the
showers and changing rooms on the other side. There was even a fighting ring on one side of
the gym as well.
Despite how well-stocked the gym was, however, it was clear that for the most part it was
unused. Everything was far too neat and organized for it to be natural and Marie was certain
most people were either working, eating, or resting in their rooms to do a lot of working out.
Perhaps once a better equilibrium was established it would see more use but for now, it was
deserted, save for one occupant.
Martha breathed quietly as she landed another set of blows on a punching bag, switching
between hands and legs. Despite the powerful blows, the punching bag didn’t rupture or
break as one would except from a Servant’s sheer might. It simply swayed with each impact
as though the saint was a normal person. A powerful punch sent it swinging backward,
followed by a set of kicks.
Marie could only watch silently as Martha trained. Her blows were almost too fast for her
Servant senses to register, and each blow from the sound alone would most likely inflict a lot
of damage on whatever it hit. She was no expert of martial arts herself, but at the very least it
seemed impressive to her. Certainly not something she wanted to be on the receiving end of.
The saint finally stopped after a combo, grabbing the punching bag to stop it from swinging
before huffing a breath, wiping some sweat off her brow – and jumping almost literally

twenty feet into the air as she heard enthusiastic clapping behind her. Whipping around, she
was greeted by the enthusiastic face of Marie Antoinette. “That was truly magnifique,
Martha!” she exclaimed. “I know little of such things, but your blows were astounding! They
were truly wondrous to witness!”
The saint could only sweat as she desperately began racking her brain for a way out of this.
The praise was nice and Marie was kind, but she had an image to maintain! Oh, she hoped
the Lord hadn’t been looking her way – she had been too tempted by the punching bag to
restrain herself! “I-I don’t know what you mean,” she stammered, her eyes darting about as
she looked for an escape. “A s-saint is composed at all times and not given to p-punching
things.”
The queen stared at Martha curiously, then giggled. “Of course, of course,” she quickly
accepted. “How silly of moi. But I was curious – how would one of these bags withstand the
power of a Servant? As far as I’m aware, these were designed for human use, non?”
Martha blinked at the question, then nodded. “Normally, yes,” she agreed. “But apparently
there’s a little setting here that allows it to be used by Servants.” She pointed over to a tiny
monitor nearby connected to where the punching bag was hanging. “It probably uses some
form of magecraft to reinforce it? At the very least, it makes it very resilient.”
Then the saint’s eyes widened as she caught herself. “N-not that I would know anything
about that!” she hurriedly added. “It’s just something I guess is the case! Yep!”
Marie giggled at the saint’s response. “Quite, quite,” she easily responded. Martha was so
adorable when she was flustered. She wound up a fist and punched the bag – and found her
arm jarred as the bag barely moved from her blow. “Mon dieu!” she cursed as she shook her
arm, “That was far harder than I expected! How do people hit these things all day long?”
The saint glanced over. “Well, it’s a lot of training,” she immediately explained. “But
honestly, it’s all about technique. Punching isn’t just about the fist – your arm plays into it
too. In fact, it’s a whole body kind of movement.” Once more, the saint caught herself. “Erm,
speaking theoretically, of course!” she immediately added. “It’s just something I heard of a
lot, not something I’ve experienced myself!”
The Rider had to wonder just how long Martha was going to keep up at the act, but so long as
she wasn’t comfortable sharing, she wasn’t going to push it. But that didn’t mean she
couldn’t work around it – or try to push it to her advantage. “So in that case,” Marie inquired.
“How would one theoretically punch so it doesn’t hurt as much?”
Martha hesitated, then sighed, her shoulders sagging. There wasn’t any reason to deny her
and besides, the queen saw through her act anyway, as depressing as it was. “You’ll want to
keep your first and arm straight,” she advised, gently fixing Marie’s stance and technique.
“Make sure it’s all one solid line. Keep your legs spread and knees bent so you have good
grounding and footing. And now try punching like that.”
Marie followed Martha’s advice, diligently, then punched. The impact was considerably more
resounding – though very much lacking compared to the saint’s far heavier blows – much to

her delight. She clapped happily. “Tres bien!” she cheered. “You are a wonderful teacher,
Martha! Might I ask you to continue teaching me?”
Blinking in surprise, her mouth worked up and down, trying to work up an answer… and
once more could only sigh in resignation. “Sure, I can teach you some stuff,” she answered.
Might as well – some martial skill never hurt anyone. If Marie wanted to learn, then she had
no reason to deny it.
“Oh? We working on punches? Let me in on this! I want some practice!”
Both women whirled around to see Cu Chulainn walking in, rotating his arm. Well, of course
the Irish hero would be up for it. So long as he doesn’t ask for a spar, it should be fine. He
would probably know to keep a secret… until Jeanne, who had apparently been with the
Lancer, walked in as well. She smiled kindly over Martha. “Might I have some lessons as
well?” the French saint asked innocently.
Lord, please have mercy on me! Martha prayed desperately - to no avail.
It was another peaceful day in Chaldea.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/KBeEHSFF

Chapter 73: Straightforward
Chapter Summary

Sometimes, things just go well.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The march had been fairly uneventful for Ren overall. Aside from collecting some
reinforcements from scattered villages or outposts as they passed by, it had been monotonous
overall. There hadn’t been much to do except to train, observe the Romans, and report to
Chaldea. He had been worried about Ritsu, Mash, and Morgana, but from their own reports,
it seemed like everything had turned out well for them. Once the logistics were finished on
their end, they would regroup and then march onto the URE capital.
For now, they were all camped outside Masilia, around a hill and out of sight. The city was
just ahead of them, but it was clear that it was currently occupied by the URE. They needed
information first. Sieging the city was a possibility but very much a last-ditch option – they
simply didn’t have the manpower or resources to stage and maintain one. And there was
always the risk of reinforcements from the URE - Ritsu’s report of Gaul made that clear it
was all too likely a possibility.
Frankly, it made her victory all the more astounding in turn. The report of Morgana’s and
Ritsu’s respective successes greatly heartened the Roman forces. Nero herself looked far
happier than she had in a long while, giving speeches emphasizing these victories and
spurring her forces forward with renewed vigor. It had been a much-needed morale boost
overall.
As for the Servants, even Ren had to admit things could be better. Joan refused to talk more
to him than professionally necessary. He did try to broach the topic once or twice but was
shut down with a harsh glare before he could get more than a few words out. It made him all
too aware still of how badly he had been rattled before. There was much he needed to do. He
would need to talk to Rider as well whenever she came back. She needed the full story.
But that was the question: How much could he tell, and who could he tell? He had no doubt
that Medusa would keep her silence – she wasn’t the type to blab about such an important
matter – but the longer this was kept secret, the worse it would be when everything was
revealed. A ‘perfect’ world – a utopia – was always a topic of heavy debate after all, and
Chaldea couldn’t afford to fracture over such a thing.
Loki was… well, being Loki was perhaps the most generous way to put it. They were content
with spooking people by popping out of nowhere and just silently observing and listening,

but that only made Ren more wary. He knew how Akechi thought and how to handle him –
the two were more kindred spirits than they had realized – but Loki was not Akechi. Frankly,
Ren half expected them to light the camp on fire if they thought it would be entertaining.
Of the two Chinese Servants, Jing Ke was the only one anyone could really talk to. The only
thing Lu Bu could ‘say’ were grunts, growls, and roars – nothing that made for conducive
conversation. Besides, the Berserker’s glare sent alarm bells ringing in Ren’s head that had
nothing to do with how powerful he was. Ritsu had told him that Lu Bu was known two
things: His martial prowess and his backstabbing tendencies. While Akechi had been a
traitor, he could still understand the false Detective Prince and sympathize with him. Not so
for Lu Bu. Frankly, he was reminded far too much of Shido’s shadow whenever he saw the
warrior. Not someone he wished to deal with if he could help it.
Right now, however, everyone was now in the command tent with Nero and her various
officers. Jing Ke and Loki had been sent to scout Masilia and find out what they can. It took
them a few hours before they returned. Information was imperative in dealing with the city as
quickly and efficiently as possible with minimal losses.
“Report, auxiliaries,” Nero ordered. The emperor wasn’t the spitting image of health – dark
circles lurked underneath her eyes, and she seemed more haggard overall than before.
However, her emerald eyes were still clear and sharp as they scrutinized both the Assassin
and the Avenger, her posture still strong despite her shorter stature. Ren frankly wasn’t sure
how someone could seem both utterly worn down yet even stronger than ever before, yet the
emperor managed it.
She was full of surprises, that was for sure. For some reason, he felt like he had seen such a
thing before, though he couldn’t remember exactly where or what. Well, it wasn’t
immediately important anyway as he turned his attention back to the Servants.
“Nothing besides facsimiles and human officers,” Jing Ke reported. “No Servants, no beasts,
golems, or anything of the sort. There are a lot of soldiers though, and they’re pretty
entrenched. We’re probably gonna have to shake them loose before we can really push
forward with an attack.”
Ren frowned as Jing Ke made her report and glanced over to the Avenger. “Loki, any
suggestions?” he asked. Nero glanced over at the Servant as well. She had made Ren a
centurion for a reason – it would be wise to listen to what counsel he had about his own
allies.
The trickster god in the meantime glanced at their nails as if they were more interesting than
the war council. “Honestly, same as always,” they replied in a bored tone. “Take out the
officers, then pick off the soldiers. After all, a place entrenched by those soldiers is still
nothing more than a dollhouse – easy to deal with if you’re not complete idiots about it.”
“Can you map out the locations of the officers and troop placements?” one of the officers
piped up. Jing Ke smirked and walked forward, easily putting down markers like it was
second nature to her. Loki continued scanning their nails, though they occasionally glanced
up at the map as if ascertaining their positions before resuming. Ren wasn’t too surprised –
given Jing Ke was a renowned assassin, she most likely learned this as a necessity. They had

planned similarly for their heists, infiltrating and mapping out Palaces as necessary. Still, the
effortless way Jing Ke did it… he had to keep it in mind.
After that, they discussed their plans. It was fairly straightforward overall thanks to the
intelligence retrieved by the two Servants. They would take the day to allow the troops to rest
from the long march and then they would begin their invasion. If things went well, then there
would be minimal casualties for capturing the cities.
The sun was setting for the evening. The usual fortifications and structures were set for the
camp, so all that needed to be done was organize for tomorrow’s assault. It would commence
before dawn – a parallel that Ren found a bit humorous. He saw the practical applications,
but he couldn’t help but notice regardless.
Ren glanced about. The soldiers seemed more heartened and optimistic about their chances of
victory. A stark contrast from the atmosphere back in the command tent – when he left,
despite the easier chance for victory, the officers were still surly and grim, and while Nero
looked better than before, she still looked restless.
He blew a sigh. Managing an army was harder work than he expected, even just observing
them. Makoto might be able to do something about this once she stopped being flustered but
right now, all he could do was what he did best. And speaking of which…
“If you wanted to chat with me, you could’ve just said something,” Ren said out loud, despite
having seemingly no one around him.
There was a moment’s pause, then suddenly Jing Ke appeared out of thin air with a smirk.
“Didn’t expect you to notice me,” she commented. “How’d you find out?”
The Phantom Thief smiled and shrugged in reply. “Lucky guess,” he replied easily. It was
partially the truth anyway – he knew someone was watching him extremely closely, but he
couldn’t tell exactly who. He definitely didn’t see anyone or anything out of the ordinary, so
he decided to just speak. The fact that his guess was on the mark was, indeed, a lucky guess.
“So, did you need me for something?”
The Assassin raised an eyebrow. “Aren’t I supposed to ask you that?” she asked in turn. “You
were staring at me pretty hard with some kind of intention, after all. I was gonna follow you
to see what’s up, but as long as we’re here…”
Ren blinked again, then chuckled ruefully. “I’m that easy to read, huh?” he asked, rubbing the
back of his neck.
Again, the Assassin smirked. “Only on the surface level,” she reassured him. “Now out with
it, before I decide I need you as a drinking buddy tonight.”
The teen couldn’t suppress the shiver that ran down his back. His time with Ohya in the
Crossroads wasn’t something he cared to repeat anytime soon, especially with how often the
reporter got sloshed. “I noticed you were able to map out the troop and officer positions so
easily,” he explained. “I wanted to know more about it – I’ve had to do it before, but I could
use some pointers and tips myself.”

Jing Ke blinked, then began guffawing. “That?” she gasped. “Come on, you don’t need me
for that – it’s a simple matter of memorization, after all. Takes just a bit of practice to do it
right.”
Her experienced eyes rested on Ren. “Still, you’ve had to do it before, huh?” she mused.
“Interesting…” Then Jing Ke nodded with a broad smile. “That settles it then. You’re gonna
be my drinking buddy tonight!”
Another shiver went down his back. The Ohya flashbacks were certainly intensifying and
frankly, he had a sinking feeling that the Assassin was just as bad as the reporter if not worse.
“On second thought,” Ren began nervously. “Maybe we can have this conversation another
time-“
The Assassin raised her finger. “Ah, ah, ah,” she tutted. “No backing out now. You don’t have
to drink – why you guys are so prudish, I can never understand. Ah well, more for me
anyway.” The last bit got a chuckle out of Ren. Definitely something Ohya would say. The
Assassin reminded him so much of her it was almost uncanny.
They found a small corner that had just been vacated by soldiers. It was lit by a nearby torch,
bathing the area in a dim, orange light as the sun sank below the horizon. Sitting on logs
nearby, Jing Ke pulled out a jug of wine and proceeded to pour herself a cup. “You sure you
don’t want any?” the Assassin asked. “Not often you get a chance to try foreign spirits.”
Ren smiled as he held up a hand. “I’m fine, thanks,” he declined. Jing Ke shrugged and
happily filled her own cup regardless.
“So, what do you mean when you say you’ve done this kind of thing before?” the Assassin
began, staring at Ren over her cup. “Not doubting you – you’re hardly an ordinary kid – but I
want some context so I know what to tell you.”
The Phantom Thief felt himself being closely scrutinized despite Jing Ke’s inebriation. Even
though she was drunk off her mind, that sharp stare of hers wasn’t letting any details past her.
For the umpteenth time, he was reminded of Ohya. Drunk or not, that woman was amazingly
sharp and could snap to business in an instant if need be. Maybe there was some relation
between the skillsets between an assassin and a reporter?
He had to chuckle to himself. She’d laugh herself sick if she ever heard him say that.
“I’m a thief of sorts,” Ren replied. While he knew Jing Ke could keep a secret, there was no
reason to tell her about being a Phantom Thief just yet. Just enough to confirm what little she
knew and work from there. “Not exactly an assassin but similar skillsets – in this case,
tracking and memorizing soldier placements and patrol patterns, as well as intel gathering.
Things like that. I thought I’d get some advice from someone more experienced in the field.”
Jing Ke simply watched Ren, not answering for a bit, then took a large gulp of her wine. “Did
Ritsu tell you about my legend?” she asked as she contemplatively swirled her wine,
watching the dark liquid whirl within the cup.

Ren shook his head. “No,” he admitted. “But I do remember you from my studies. The
assassin that was within ten steps of killing the first emperor of China, right?”
The Assassin nodded. “Right in one,” she confirmed. “You sure you want tips from someone
like me? I think your Avenger might have better lessons than me.”
“They’re a bit… strange to work with,” Ren replied hesitantly. Frankly, he still wasn’t sure
how Loki could constantly keep disappearing and reappearing like that – although he could
hazard a guess – and it wasn’t something he could easily replicate. “Besides, you came within
a couple meters of killing him anyway – that’s still worth talking about, especially with all
you prepared to get that close to an emperor.”
Jing Ke blinked again, then began laughing uproariously, catching Ren by surprise.
“Hahahaha!” she laughed. “I thought you and Ritsu were different, but by the heavens you
two are more alike than I realized! I need to keep a closer eye on the both of you from now
on!” She continued laughing, a mirthful sound that couldn’t help but cause Ren to smile as
well.
“I’m guessing she said the same thing?” Ren inquired, already knowing the answer.
“A bit more enthusiastically, but yes,” Jing Ke replied happily before downing the rest of her
cup, then pouring yet another. “Alright, I’ll teach what I can,” she said. “Just remember, a lot
of this is gonna require more practical experience - stuff you need to learn or train yourself.
That work for you?”
Ren grinned. Considering how his adventures first started, this was hardly a new experience.
“Works for me,” he replied easily.
And with that, the lesson began.
---------“What’s the status of the United Roman Empire?”
Ren glanced over at Nero addressing the officers. It was about an hour or so before dawn
broke over the horizon. Even so, daylight was starting to break. They were fast approaching
the time for the operation to begin. If there was anything that needed to be stated or dealt
with, it would be in the command tent, where all the Servants and officers had assembled.
“Our sentries are keeping an eye on Masilia,” one of the officers reported. “So far, no
movements. I’m not even sure if they know we’re here.”
Nero nodded. “That would be the best-case scenario,” she stated. “And what of the troops?”
“Mobilized and ready,” legate Asisculus responded. “They only await the order.”
The emperor turned to Jing Ke and Loki. “Have you two made what preparations you
needed?”

Loki yawned. “Not much needs to be prepared for what we do,” they replied in a bored tone.
“Just say the word, oh illustrious emperor, and we shall paint this chapter of Roman history
red once more.”
Nero narrowed her eyes but raised her hand to forestall the outraged cries of her fellow
officers. Jing Ke in turn rolled her eyes as Ren glared at the Avenger, who once more only
seemed mildly amused by everyone’s reactions. Regardless, they had their answer. “Then
once you’re done, we will need to send soldiers in to open the gate and capture the city,”
Nero continued. “No doubt the United Roman Empire soldiers have standing orders to
defend, though.” She huffed. “Not as clean as we would like, but much better than it would
be otherwise.”
“Actually,” Ren began, drawing everyone’s attention. “I have an idea for that.”
Half an hour later, they were all standing outside the camp, still behind the hill and out of
sight. “So, what is this idea of yours, centurion?” Nero asked, glancing quizzically over at
Ren. Instead of elaborating on the plan, he suggested they send out Jing Ke and Loki first to
do their work. The emperor decided to go along with his idea, but her curiosity had been
aroused. He always had some trick up his sleeve and frankly, she was quite eager to witness
it.
Ren in turn smirked. “You’ll see,” he replied enigmatically. It was an idea he happened upon
last night after deciding to take a glance at Masilia. It was one of Jing Ke’s lessons: ‘Even if
something seems ordinary, look again,’ she said. ‘There’s always something you can use to
take advantage of, and it’ll probably be right under the enemy’s nose.’ This was a harebrained
scheme and more of a test run, but if it worked…
Joan huffed. She and Lu Bu were standing nearby as well – Ren had specifically asked for
their skills and power. It was going to be a close quarters assault, after all, and their skills
would be needed. If they were lucky, the two Servants would have to do minimal work, but it
was better safe than sorry. He certainly wasn’t about to go alone – it wasn’t necessary and he
was pretty sure everyone would tear him a new one again.
“It probably won’t,” Ren joked – and flinched as Joan glared at him in response. “The idea
shouldn’t be too much stress on me,” he replied more seriously. “If it works well, then we
won’t have any casualties getting in.”
Nero hummed. “You are promising much, centurion,” she stated. “And I have no doubt you
will fulfill it. I look forward to seeing what sort of miracles you’ll work this time.”
Ren chuckled. “Not a miracle,” he corrected. “Just a trick of mine.”
Jing Ke and Loki then appeared in front of them. “Officers are dispatched,” Jing Ke reported.
“The soldiers pretty much aren’t doing anything besides patrolling their set routes or
guarding their spots. Honestly, I thought it’d be more challenging.”
“Truly, I thought time traveling to a Roman singularity would be entertaining,” Loki groused.
“I hadn’t expected it to be quite so… well, boring.”

“It doesn’t have much flair,” Nero agreed. “But practicality takes precedence. Centurion? I
believe it’s your turn.”
The Phantom Thief nodded as he switched to the proper persona. Once more, he mentally
ripped off his mask as he summoned its power.
“Fafnir!”
In a burst of blue flames, a creature appeared: A being made entirely of metal, with elongated
limbs and tail. Instead of a dragon’s head or even a regular face was a skull. It had two winglike appendages that seemed to wrap around its neck like a cloak of sorts, and an emblem that
bore a red heart on its chest. It looked more like a hybrid of a cyborg, a dragon, and a human.
Nero gasped as she stepped back, her eyes wide as Lu Bu growled. Joan, on the other hand,
glared at the persona before turning away with a huff. Ren had spoken to her mentally about
utilizing Fafnir to get up to the city walls, as it was the only persona that could fly and could
support the weight of multiple people. The sheer apoplectic rage he felt from the Lancer
almost overwhelmed him before she dialed it back.
‘You are incredibly infuriating,’ she growled. ‘Do what you must.’
Ren glanced apologetically at Joan, who just ignored him in turn. He was happy that they
could at least work together professionally at least, but he wished he could at least resolve the
matter. Frankly, going in with just Joan and Lu Bu would probably already have Ritsu, Mash,
and Morgana screaming at him at how dangerous this was, but it should be fine here.
The emperor, however, stepped forward, her eyes wide at the mechanical dragon.
“Magnificent,” she breathed. The Fafnir persona turned to look down at Nero but otherwise
made no reaction. She looked over to Ren. “This is one of your abilities, I take it?” she
inquired. “Then I stand by my statement – it is indeed a form of miracle. Never have I seen
such a being conjured up even by the best court mages I have. Tame, perhaps, but not
conjured.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “I suppose it does seem that way,” he relented somewhat.
Thinking about it, being able to summon a legendary dragon like this into reality would
certainly seem like some form of miracle. Everyone else already told him that this form of
magecraft was rather ludicrous as well (Olga specifically). Honestly, he didn’t think much of
it – they were a part of him much like he was a part of them. After all, it wasn’t like he
thought much about his own limbs personally.
“If we’re done here, we should go,” Joan growled, turning back to glare at Fafnir once more.
“We’re not on a time limit but the sooner we get this done, the sooner we can get a move on.”
Ren blinked, then nodded. Joan was right – there was little sense in wasting time. He hopped
on the persona first, followed by the Lancer then Lu Bu. As he watched Lu Bu mount Fafnir,
he half expected the dragon to buckle, but to his surprise, the dragon didn’t even so much as
flinch. He had to wonder whether it was an aspect of personas in general, or Fafnir simply
was that strong. Probably both.

Meanwhile, Nero watched them with no small amount of awe. Three legendary heroes
boarding a dragon to attack a city? Really, once everything was resolved, she would have to
put quill to parchment and write a glorious tale about this. It would be a very long time
before she would be able to write it - rebuilding the empire would take no small amount of
time - but she must. It would be an epic talked about by her people for eons to come. She
would make sure of it.
“We will be standing by and watching for your success, centurion,” she called out. “Once
those gates are open, we shall march.”
The Phantom Thief grinned back down. “We’ll be back before breakfast!” he replied easily.
Turning back, he took a deep breath as he felt his circuits burn from maintaining Fafnir. Time
to go. With a mental command, Fafnir took a step forward… then sprung into the air. Its
wing-like appendages didn’t move, yet it still cleaved through the air like it was nothing,
easily taking to the skies.
Frankly, this was a first time for Ren, and despite the increasing pain from the circuits, there
could only be one word to describe how it all felt: Exhilarating. Feeling the howling wind
rush past his face, the lurching vertigo as the ground beneath him shrank, Nero becoming
nothing more than a red dot within seconds, the city of Masilia looking more like a model
than an actual city. And despite everything, Fafnir felt powerful and strong underneath him,
easily riding the air as though he was the master of it.
An excited grin spread across his face. He needed to tell the others about this once he got
back. Even Makoto with her motorbike persona, or Morgana who once turned into a
helicopter, would be jealous! Maybe if they could find enough of an unoccupied area, he
could take everyone for a ride“None of them are paying attention to us.”
Ren snapped back into focus at Joan’s observation. In his excitement he lost focus. He
immediately gave a critical glance at the city, his eyes turning red as he used his Third Eye
once more. It was hard to see with the glare of red, he could easily tell an empty spot they
could land in. “Yeah,” he commented loudly over the wind. “I don’t think we were that subtle
with Fafnir, but these soldiers couldn’t care less. Guess that makes it easier for us.”
He quickly dissected the soldiers’ positions and patrols and formulated the plan. Glancing
back, he nodded to Lu Bu. “We’re gonna drop you off in the streets,” he called back. “Take
out the patrols throughout the city, but try not to cause too much damage.” Lu Bu roared back
in response. Guess that was as good an agreement as he’d get.
Then he turned to Joan. “We’ll land on one side of the wall and take out the troops along the
way,” Ren continued. “Once we reach the gatehouse, you’ll keep taking out soldiers while I
get the gate open.”
Joan frowned but nodded without any argument. With the plan set, Ren smirked.
“It’s showtime.”

---------Bringing down Fafnir into a low swoop, Lu Bu jumped off the persona with a mighty roar,
halberd in hand. He crashed onto the streets with enough force to crack the tile underneath
him as he landed. The nearby patrol immediately turned around to face the Chinese warrior,
drawing their gladii and raising their shields as they silently began moving in to confront the
Berserker. With a few sweeps, Lu Bu easily cleared out the patrol before racing off to find the
next one.
Both Ren and Joan noticed that despite Lu Bu’s incredibly loud entrance, nobody raised the
alarm – not a single shout was heard nor was there the stomp of boots of soldiers
immediately moving to intercept. As expected, the soldiers simply continued their set
patterns without reacting whatsoever. It made things much easier, but Ren certainly couldn’t
help but find it… unsettling.
Images of robots in a factory appeared in his mind once more, constantly slaving away at
their jobs and barely reacting to anything else around them for fear of reprimand or a vain
hope of praise and promotion. No, these soldiers were worse. They were truly automatons
without a single thought of their own. As if this entire situation wasn’t unnatural enough.
Once Lu Bu was dropped off, they landed an empty section of the wall before Fafnir
vanished, dropping them onto the battlements. The soldiers surrounding them immediately
turned to face them drawing their own gladii without a single word. Joan scowled and with a
gesture from La Pucelle, skewered a large number of them with the blue flaming spears.
Taking point, she quickly carved through the soldiers who were marching single file to
intercept her while Ren followed from behind, easily picking off the stragglers that were
approaching from behind them – which amounted to one or two soldiers as the others further
down didn’t bother turning from their guard positions. He turned around, thinking to give
Joan some cover fire, only to see her easily slicing down the soldier one after the other. If
anything, the Lancer looked more bored than threatened, leaving Ren just following her at
leisurely pace as Lu Bu’s roars echoed in the distance, with a very occasional explosion.
He didn’t think a heist would be so easy. If anything, this was basically anticlimactic. That
being said, he had to consider once more the sheer strength of Servants. Jing Ke and Loki cut
off the head of this army in half an hour after mapping them out. Lu Bu and Joan were barely
breaking a sweat eradicating the army. And from what Ritsu and Morgana reported, their
respective Servants had been the key reasons why they won in the first place. It was both
utterly amazing and bemusing.
As they approached the gatehouse, Ren discarded the thought as Joan kicked open the door,
the timber splintering under her grieves. Inside was a small pack of soldiers which were
quickly cut down by the Lancer. After making sure the coast is clear, she glanced over at Ren,
who nodded at the door on the other side. “Keep clearing out the soldiers,” he ordered. “I’ll
get this gate open.” Joan nodded, kicked down the door, and disappeared through. Soon,
sounds of her cutting down soldiers echoed through the opening.
Ren turned back to the mechanism. It was a large lever that could open the gates. Moving
into position, he took a deep breath and cracked his knuckles, braced his legs, and pushed.

And pushed. And pushed. Despite his best efforts, it didn’t budge whatsoever. Panting, he got
up and noticed there was another lever on the other side of the gatehouse. The room wasn’t
big, but he definitely couldn’t reach the other lever at the same time, and he wasn’t strong
enough to single-handedly push this open by himself. He would have to wait until the
Servants were finished.
Or there was one other method he could use. This persona he didn’t use quite as often, but it
would be handy here. He readied the personas in his mind, then once more tore off his mask.
“Hecatoncheires!”
A giant burst into being. Despite it kneeling, it still dwarfed Ren with its size. Green and
muscular, its numerous blue eyes bulged as its three mouths screamed silently, a chain and
lock dangling from its neck like a depraved amulet. With a mental command, its countless
arms reached the levers with ease and pushed. He found he had to restrain himself however –
if he went full force, he was more likely to snap them into pieces.
He could feel his body heating up as his circuits activating, but before long, the levers had
been pushed and Hecatoncheires vanished. He breathed a sigh of relief. He felt
uncomfortably warm thanks to all he had done today, but there shouldn’t be anything else
that needed his attention. Stretching, he turned to walk out – and saw Joan staring at him with
an unreadable gaze. The two stared at each other in silence for a moment as Ren tried to
figure out something to say… then the Lancer just sighed and walked back out.
Ren rubbed the back of his neck. This was getting awkward.
Walking out, he looked around. The soldiers were slain almost in an orderly manner with
how they were positioned. Lu Bu was still going about, judging by the roars, but they seemed
rarer and rarer. He was probably finishing up. Looking in the horizon, he already saw
columns of soldiers appearing from behind the hill, marching in to capture the city.
The Phantom Thief sighed. Well, not the most exciting heist, but a successful one
nevertheless. His stomach growled. Breakfast would also be good.
It was a good day.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!

https://discord.gg/GqyRGJsh

Chapter 74: Recovery
Chapter Summary

Restful moments sometimes aren't so restful.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Before the day was out, the city of Masilia had been captured. All the URE soldiers had been
dispatched either by Lu Bu or patrolling Roman soldiers with ease, allowing them to quickly
secure the city. The bodies were hauled outside and sent on a massive bonfire as a quick and
easy means of disposal. Thankfully, it didn’t seem like they harmed the environment in any
clear manner but the cremation was done a good distance away regardless. After that was
setting up patrols, sentries, and organizing for the next march once Morgana and Ritsu had
rendezvoused with them once more.
Lu Bu had been sent patrolling the outskirts. When they met up with the Berserker once more
after capturing the city, the best word that could be used to describe him was ‘displeased’ –
enough to immediately have anyone nearby fearing for their lives. Nero immediately sent
him out to patrol, with her blessing to engage any enemy forces that might approach. Just Lu
Bu casually taking out packs of URE troops did a good amount of damage to the city; nobody
needed him rampaging in an impatient rage.
As for the city itself, aside from what Lu Bu had done, it was in pristine condition – all the
buildings and masonry were more or less untouched, the streets clear and serviceable.
However, that was all the good that could be said about the city: aside from the URE soldiers
and officers, it was completely deserted. There wasn’t a single citizen within its walls, hidden
or otherwise. And with their disappearance was the complete absence of decent supplies, only
a paltry amount for sustaining the much smaller number of officers.
All of this was something Ren picked up as he wandered the streets of Masilia for purposes
of exploring and training. While wandering a Roman city was interesting, he was more trying
to memorize their layouts while simultaneously keeping his eyes and ears open. Jing Ke had
said that her lessons were better learned if put to practical use, and while she didn’t give him
any ‘homework’, per se, it would be remiss if he neglected that aspect.
‘You’d be surprised what you’d learn just from walking around on the streets,’ she had
explained. ‘A fresh bit of gossip may lead you to where your target is residing or a habit. A
glance at your surroundings can show you more than you’d think if you know what you’re
looking for. Maybe even something indirect like a situation they have to deal with, which will
tell you where they’ll be and what they’re up to. Just always keep your awareness up and
you’ll find out a lot more than you’d think.’

The advice certainly was apt. Even back when he was in Tokyo, he often caught snatches of
conversation about current events, or even upcoming matters that quickly became relevant to
the end. At the time, he didn’t pay much attention to them. However, now he had to consider
– if he had actually been paying attention, perhaps he could’ve made sure everything went
more smoothly.
He had to sigh. A lesson learned too late, but a lesson nevertheless. At least he could practice
it now with advice from a master assassin. His Third Eye certainly helped as well, with its
knack of pinpointing whatever he needed to see, but he couldn’t rely on it all the time.
‘Still, it beats doing actual homework while working on heists at the same time any day,’ he
jokingly thought to himself with a small smirk. Balancing Shujin’s rigorous schoolwork and
his Phantom Thief duties had certainly been challenging. Chaldea’s reports were almost
nothing in comparison. Then again, he had a feeling Da Vinci and Roman were okay with
less detailed reports.
As he walked, however, he couldn’t help but notice how calm he felt. After the battle in the
pass and with the two hundred Roman soldiers back in the Alps, what he had gone through
was practically nothing. No, with everything that had happened in Chaldea so far. He had
certainly been more distinctly rattled when everything first happened both in Fuyuki and
Orleans, and even in Septem. And now… he could reflect and learn on everything that had
been going on with ease.
The sight of Chaldea’s walls in the Thieves Den was proof that the singularities were leaving
a mark on him, as well as the blood stains on his normally immaculate gloves in his Phantom
Thief regalia. He had to wonder what else would change before long.
“I wonder what the other guys would think…?” Ren wondered. Even after all they had gone
through, he personally would’ve found this hard to believe if someone told him all of this. It
was certainly quite a story, to put it mildly. He’d have taken more pictures but Olga had told
him to knock it off – it would be a major security breach. Not like anyone would ever believe
him – it was easy to fake such photos nowadays – but better safe than sorry.
He quietly climbed up the stairs of the wall to the battlements. A few Roman soldiers were
standing guard and keeping watch, with a few of them in pairs or threes quietly talking. As
Ren wandered by, the soldiers glanced up for a second before resuming whatever they were
doing. A few murmured “Centurion” in greeting, however, before continuing.
That was another change Ren hadn’t expected. After the rapid capture of the city, some
Roman soldiers greeted him by his rank as he passed by. Before, most had outright ignored
him, which he had expected – after all, he was a foreigner without any knowledge of how a
Roman army worked, let alone someone to easily trust. Nero may have declared them allies,
but the minds and hearts of people weren’t as easily swayed without some cognitive god
pulling strings. But apparently, with what he had pulled off, with a grand total of zero
casualties and without wasting their supplies, he had earned their respect.
Or maybe they just respected someone who could conjure up a dragon. Either or.
“Still beats Shujin,” he decided.

As he walked, he glanced in the direction where they needed to march, squinting at the
setting sun. They would continue marching west until they reached the United Roman
Empire capital. No scouts had been sent to approach as it was too dangerous – after all, every
scout sent never returned. They would be going in blind, which was a terrifying idea. Once
they were closer, both Jing Ke and Loki could be sent to investigate, but until then, they had
no idea what to expect.
He huffed a breath. He wasn’t a stranger to unknown situations at this point, but that didn’t
mean he wasn’t both nervous and exasperated about them.
Further down, however, he caught sight of someone he didn’t expect in his wandering. He
picked up his pace and approached. “Didn’t expect to see you here,” he commented with a
smile. “Thought you’d be buried neck deep in papers and war plans like usual.”
Nero, who had been leaning over the battlements with a cup of wine in hand, sagged as she
sighed deeply. “Please do not remind me, centurion,” she groused. “I needed some time for
fresh air, else I would be driven insane. I have heard of poets and artists driven to madness by
their work, but I do not recall that being the case for paperwork. As dramatic as being driven
to madness is, I’d rather not have it be by documents and war plans!” So saying, she took a
hearty gulp of her wine, draining the entire cup in one go.
Ren watched her quaff down the liquor and frowned slightly. He already had dealt with
drunkards like Ohya and Jing Ke (and while he wasn’t sure if he was actually a drunkard,
Shido would also be counted), and frankly he wasn’t in the mood to deal with more of them.
“Is drinking that much really healthy for you?” he questioned, leaning near her. “You
certainly have been gulping down a lot as of late.”
The emperor glanced up at Ren with a raised eyebrow. “A centurion deigns to question an
emperor what she may or may not do?” she asked. “You’ve certainly become bold as of late,
Ren Amamiya.” Despite her words, her tone was light and teasing as she set down the cup.
“Fear not,” she continued with a sigh. “Wine has not had the same… relish as of late. I most
likely will be cutting back. Plus, I will need all my focus for the days ahead.”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise, then nodded. He hadn’t expected it to be that easy but
he certainly wasn’t going to question it. “I take it everyone’s ready to go, then?” he asked.
The emperor glanced back over the city, quiet for a moment. “’Ready’ is a strong word,” she
murmured. “They have already seen what our enemy is capable of without even trying. The
battle of the pass certainly tested their mettle, and the victories of both Fujimaru and
Morgana have encouraged them, without a doubt. The overwhelming success of capturing
Massilia only further emboldened them. A string like this is what was needed for this
campaign.”
She turned back to the western horizon. “And yet, our greatest challenge still lies ahead of
us,” she continued. “Once the army knows who they stand against, I do not know how many
will stay loyal to me or choose another path. I love all my people dearly, and I know they
love me. But in the end, they may love Rome more than they do me. How can I possibly fault
them for that?”

Ren couldn’t answer that. How could he? The progenitor of Rome, Romulus, was a nearmythological figure in this time period, let alone in modern day. Even the average Roman
citizen would’ve known about him. The mere news had disturbed Nero and her officers to
this degree, and frankly he was surprised that none of the rank and file knew about it. They
must have taken considerable precautions to make sure nothing leaked.
Finally, Nero sighed in frustration. “Enough,” she grumbled. “Just for this one evening, I did
not wish to dwell overlong on this campaign. At this point, it will be counterproductive
fretting and planning further.” Ren nodded in agreement. Rest was just as important as
getting things done. He had to wonder just how much sleep Nero actually got, however – and
immediately an image of Morgana lecturing Nero to go to bed popped up in his mind. He had
to restrain himself from chuckling.
With that, she turned toward Ren beaming. “Centurion, I invite you to dine with me,” she
declared. “It seems the United Roman Empire officers have left some decent supplies behind
– not enough to make a dent for the soldiers, unfortunately, but enough for our own use. I
wish to speak with you more.”
That caught Ren by surprise. He certainly didn’t expect a dinner invitation. Frankly, he had
been planning on grabbing something from the mess hall the soldiers had set up, report in,
then head to bed. Aside from when they were in Rome, Nero herself usually had been too
busy with her officers or in her own room to really spend time with him.
Still, he could use the time to deepen his bonds. And admittedly, he had been curious about
Nero too as of late. He smiled and nodded. “That sounds like a great idea, Nero,” he replied
genuinely.
The emperor beamed brightly. Rushing over, she once more caught Ren by surprise as she
hooked an arm around his own. “Then onward, centurion!” she declared, immediately setting
the pace. A couple of the soldiers looked over and either shook their heads or chuckled –
usually both.
Ren himself had a similar reaction. Nero was certainly one of a kind, to say the least.
---------Nero had set herself up in the governor’s house in the heart of the city. It had also been the
residences of the United Roman Empire officers as well, so it had already been modified
somewhat to accommodate for their rougher lifestyle – bunks set up in multiple rooms,
supplies and crates places in odd areas, and more. Most of it had been moved: the bunks were
given to the soldiers and the crates were moved to the storage below. The resulting mess
couldn’t be helped, though thankfully it was minimal. No one could be spared for such a
small matter anyway.
The governor’s bedroom had been surprisingly untouched overall. Most likely it had been
housing the highest commanding officer and he didn’t want the room ruined. To that end, it
made up almost half the floor. On one side was a bed with red fabric. On the other were sets
of couches with a fire pit in the center. In the middle was a dining table – not as long as the

one back in Rome (which admittedly was for the dining room as opposed to being shared
with a bedroom), but still considerable.
“Huh,” Ren noted as he looked around. “This is definitely a nice place.”
The emperor nodded, though she looked uncharacteristically displeased. “Indeed,” she
replied. “From the records and reports of the city, however, it appeared the governor had been
taking more than his share from the tax revenues. I would’ve had him properly punished if I
had encountered him, but he has apparently fled to the United Roman Empire instead.”
Ren blinked in surprise, then he sighed. “Guess I shouldn’t be surprised,” he grumbled,
rubbing the back of his neck. That kind of story was all too familiar for him and if the
Phantom Thieves directly encountered someone like that back in Tokyo, no doubt said
governor would’ve been marked for a change of heart. The more things change, the more
things stayed the same it seemed – from the Roman empire all the way until modern times.
Nero meanwhile stared at Ren closely, watching him. “I see this kind of affair doesn’t sound
unfamiliar to you,” she noted. “I’ve no doubt you’ve stories to tell me about your own
homeland.”
The Phantom Thief blinked, then chuckled. “They’re pretty outlandish,” he admitted.
Raising an eyebrow, Nero replied, “Well, of course – you’re an outlander, after all.” Ren
stared at Nero, who in turn stared back at Ren. Then a snort escaped from Ren and a second
later, both of them were laughing. It was a stupid joke without a doubt, one that would elicit
groans from literally anyone else. Despite that, however, both of them could feel some of the
accumulated stress melt off their bodies, at least for a bit.
As they seated themselves at the table, a few of the soldiers came in bearing dishes – stewed
pork and beef, various marinated vegetables, fresh bread, and other dishes. It wasn’t the most
lavish spread in the world, but compared to what they had been eating on the field and even
what they had in Rome, it was positively luxurious. Ren privately was surprised the soldiers
didn’t wolf it all down themselves, given their barely controlled expressions. Their respect
for the emperor (and/or fear of harsh discipline) must be great indeed.
To Ren’s surprise, however, Nero requested something from him personally: A bottle of
water. Ren had no problem giving the emperor one, watching with curiosity as she twisted
the top off (she most likely observed how they drank whenever they ate with her), and took a
long drink. She breathed a sigh as she took the bottle away from her lips. “It has been a while
since I have tasted fresh water,” she murmured. “It has a… peculiar taste to it, but not at all
unpleasant.”
Ah. Now that he thought about it, he did recall in his studies that modern water treatment
plants, besides purifying, often added various chemicals to enhance the flavor and fortify the
water. “I take it you don’t drink all too much water, then?” Ren asked as he took another bite
of pork.
Nero shook her head. “No,” she admitted. “As glorious as Rome is, water is still an extremely
dangerous affair to drink. There have been too many cases from the more destitute citizens

who drank water and have become violently ill because of it. To be able to drink water
without fear of my own health is a rare treat, to say the least.”
“Better than the wine you always drink?” Ren prodded with a smirk.
“Know your place, centurion,” Nero retorted, matching his smirk. And both of them laughed
once more.
“So, Amamiya,” Nero began once they ate a bit more. “Tell me of entertainment in your era.
Are theatres, gladiators, and chariot races still popular in your time? Or do you all have other
past times?”
Ren blinked at the mention of the three but quickly rallied. “Yes and no,” he admitted,
frowning as he contemplated how to explain it to her. “There’s races but there are different
types – chariots aren’t used, but instead much faster vehicles, or on horseback. The latter is
especially popular for betting, unfortunately, so they’re not as well liked as you’d expect.”
The emperor nodded sagely. “Ah yes, I see vices have changed little since my time,” she
noted.
“No kidding,” Ren scoffed. He thought for a second how to phrase the next bit more
diplomatically. “Gladiators aren’t in fashion anymore in my time,” he continued. “Not as
much desire for bloodshed – but there’s plenty of sports instead to take their place, however.
And there’s also hand to hand contests, as well, for various martial arts and wrestling.” He
recalled watching an MMA match with Makoto. He thought it was alright but even he was
surprised how much she was into it.
He had to chuckle to himself. For all the times Makoto acted like a responsible, mature young
woman, there were still sides of her that he found adorable.
The emperor nodded. “I’m glad to hear our entertainment has evolved since then,” she
replied. “I don’t doubt the best competitors had much renown and riches for their skill and
prowess. I do wish I could witness them myself – although I don’t think it compared to the
time I wrestled with a lion whilst naked. Ah, the crowd roared their adulation as I subdued
the beast. It was spectacular.”
Ren nodded as he replied, “I have no doubt about-“ Then his mind caught up as he processed
what Nero just said. “W-wait, go back to that for a second,” he stammered. “Y-you wrestled
with a lion? By yourself? With your bare hands?”
“Yes, whilst naked. Why?” Nero inquired as she took another drink of water and shooting a
curious gaze at Ren.
The Phantom Thief could only blink multiple times, just staring at the emperor who
innocuously stared back in question, then he took a deep breath. This wasn’t the time to
question it, and frankly he had trouble just imagining it as is. Nero was a lot of things, but she
often looked prim and proper. To imagine her wrestling a lion was something he found
incredibly hard to believe.

Perhaps it was better not to ask questions here. He had a feeling the answer would confuse
him anyway.
“But now I have another question,” she said, drawing Ren’s curiosity once more. “I heard tell
that you’re a thief of sorts. However, you don’t strike me as the type who wantonly steals for
his own gain.” She leaned forward, her eyes sharp and curious. “Do tell me – what do you
steal?”
At the question, Ren’s gut immediately dropped. The only time he said anything of the sort
was when he talked to Jing Ke just the other night. How did Nero hear about it that quickly?
Suddenly, he realized just how the secret of Romulus’s involvement wasn’t leaked if she
could learn information this quickly. Did she have her men always watching him as well as
the others? Honestly, it wasn’t that surprising – no ruler wouldn’t keep an eye on their own
forces, especially foreign reinforcements.
Now that he thought about it, he wouldn’t be surprised if Jing Ke herself reported it to Nero.
He had gotten careless. But perhaps it was something he could work off of…
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “Jeez, I need to be more careful about that,” he commented,
running a hand through his hair.
Nero chuckled. “Be at ease,” she commented, waving off the comment. “As I said before,
you don’t strike me as the type to wantonly steal like some burglar. So, what do you steal?”
Ren thought carefully how to answer her, then smirked. “What any good thief goes for,” he
replied cheekily. “Treasure - of all different kinds. Whether it's hearts, gold, power, I steal it
all when I can, where I can.” Partially the truth – he and his friends did steal treasures which
then turned into things like gold medals, that golden briefcase filled with fake money, and
more.
His smirk grew wider as he looked over at Nero. “And what about you, emperor?” he asked.
“What’s your treasure? Maybe I’ll find it worth stealing from you.
The emperor blinked in surprise. Then a low giggle issued from her before it raised into a
booming laugh. “How bold and impertinent, Ren Amamiya!” she cried. “To ask me right to
my face what I treasure the most so that you can take it from me!” She stood up and opened
the door of the balcony, allowing a cool breeze through, fluttering her dress.
“This is my treasure!” she declared, spreading her arms wide. “The empire as it stretches
from the west coasts of Spain to the far eastern reaches of Judea! The people who reside
within, that I adore and love from the bottom of my heart! My body, gifted by Venus herself,
the crown jewel of the empire! All of them are my treasures and more!”
She spun back to Ren. “And what of you, thief?” she asked with a dangerous smile. “What
treasures do you possess? I am an emperor – it is within my prerogative to covet and have all
of it, after all. And what do you desire the most? What would you steal without a shred of
hesitation were it laid before you?”

Ren smirked back. For some reason, he felt oddly drawn to this little game they were playing.
“You’re an emperor, but I’m a thief – a Phantom Thief, in fact,” he responded. “My treasures
are the greatest things in the world, and the smallest: Freedom, Choice, the ability to move
forward, the strength to oppose those who would get in the way of all that.” He reclined in his
chair. “And as for my desires? Everything and nothing. Are your treasures enough to sate all
that?”
Nero smiled. She reached up and unclasped her dress, letting it fall to the ground and
revealing her naked body. The candles and torches reflected off her pure white skin, glowing
like she was wreathed in fire. Her emerald eyes were cool, calm, and even cunning. There
was not a hint of shyness or hesitation as she slowly stepped toward the Phantom Thief, her
footsteps quiet and gentle against the tile.
“Then, thief, will you take my treasure?” she asked quietly. “I am an emperor that covets
everything. You are a thief that steals all. Shall we see who can take the other in the end,
then?” With a hand she reached over and stroked her face, gently bringing his gaze up to
meet hers.
That left Ren blinking with surprise. He hadn’t expected things to go quite so far here and
now Nero was right in front of him, propositioning to him. This was far beyond what he
predicted, to be honest, but there was something in Nero’s eyes, something he couldn’t
ignore. There were a lot of different things he could do, without a doubt – and he quickly
decided on a course.
He stood up, easily towering over the rather short emperor who stared up at him. Her eyes
made it clear that she was more than ready for him, come what may. Grabbing the Master
uniform, he took off the jacket with a smooth movement, revealing the plain black t-shirt
underneath. Nero held her breath as Ren stepped forward…
And wrapped the jacket around her, a movement that left her blinking in surprise as Ren
stepped away after.
“An emperor shouldn’t be so ready to gamble away her treasures,” Ren gently admonished.
“Nor would a Phantom Thief seize a treasure when it is truly needed by their owner. Maybe
long in the future, perhaps, but right now? What you have is what you need, Nero. I’m not
going to take that from you – not now, not ever.”
Nero blinked again before chuckling sadly, wrapping the jacket around herself a bit more
tightly. “Yes, you are correct,” she accepted. “Forgive me, centurion. The stress of the
campaign and the state of my empire has caused me to lose myself for just a moment. That
was unbecoming of me.”
Ren smiled and shook his head. “I understand,” he replied easily. As he expected – Nero just
cracked under the strain of her burdens and let herself slip for just a second. Nobody else had
cracked or reacted like Nero had under strain, but then it wasn’t like he had met anybody who
had been fighting a losing war, where their opponents had almost literally every advantage
under the sun. At least she understood and accepted it as opposed to further pushing the issue.

The emperor dropped his jacket, forcing Ren to look away, but instead of approaching him,
she simply walked back to where she had dropped her dress and quietly slid it back on. That
done, she handed him back the Master’s jacket. “I must admit,” Nero commented. “Around
you, Ren, things have been much more… pleasant.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow as he accepted the jacket. “Oh?” he inquired. While
under normal circumstances, it sounded like flirting, something told him that wasn’t the case.
Nero nodded as she took a seat on the couch, watching the flames dance in the fire pit. “I do
not know how much of my affairs you know,” she whispered as Ren sat beside her. But my
mother had designs for the throne. She didn’t desire to be empress, nor could she anyway. I,
however, was in the line of succession. I was groomed for that purpose, taught, and raised for
it.”
She stared down at her fiddling hands. “However, my mother needed to control me,” she
continued. “So, to that end… she poisoned me.” Ren turned to her in shock but didn’t say
anything as Nero continued. “It’s a nefarious poison. Once drunk, it would stay with me for
life. She would constantly give me antidotes to halt its progress so my body could repair the
damage, but it was no cure. Simply a method of halting its onset.”
Blinking, something came to mind. “Is… is that the reason why you’ve been having so many
headaches?” Ren ventured.
The emperor blinked, then laughed once more, this time a far sadder sound than earlier. “You
are incredibly perceptive,” she noted. “But yes. This is one of the symptoms of the poison.
The headaches are incredibly painful – even one such as I can only be left whimpering when
they occur. When they do, I feel like they take a bit of my mind with them. My mother had
been executed by my hand so she no longer interfered with the empire, but she never
confided the recipe of the antidote to anyone else, nor did she write it down. I guess even in
death, she persists to be nothing more than a threat to the empire.”
She smiled at Ren. “However, ever since you have come around,” she continued. “My
headaches have been alleviated considerably. I do not know if it’s yet another miracle you
have caused or perhaps your company has been pleasant enough to forget the pain for a
while, but it has been a while since I could function so well.”
Nero chuckled as she reclined back on the couch, gazing at Ren with affection. “Perhaps I
should continue with my offer after all,” she noted with a smile.
Ren chuckled at the joke. The story of her being poisoned and leading to her headaches was
not something he had been expecting, nor that his presence had reduced them considerably.
He would take what he could get, however. That being said, for some reason he had a bad
feeling that he couldn’t get rid of. It sank all the way to the bottom of the stomach and stayed
there like a lump.
Deciding to ignore it for now, he came up with an idea. “Do you mind if I try something?” he
asked.

The emperor blinked, then nodded. “By all means, Ren,” she replied, eager to see what he
would do.
Nodding, Ren stood up and changed his persona once more. Bringing his hand up to his face,
he tore off the metaphorical mask.
“Clotho!”
The spinner of fate once more appeared in a burst of blue flame. Holding up the spindle with
the thread of fate wound around it, she was dressed in white with a detached yet elegant darkgrey patterned skirt. Her golden hair was tied up in braids with green patterning on either side
as her yellow eyes stared down dispassionately at the emperor.
Nero could only stare up at the persona, her mouth hanging open slightly. She was one of the
greatest people on the planet, there was no doubt about that. Yet in the vicinity of such a
being – of Clotho – she felt tiny. No, less than that. Her life felt almost meaningless to such a
being. It had been a very, very long time since she felt such a thing. Only her mother came
anywhere close to making her feel how she did now. “Once more, you create miracles, Ren
Amamiya,” she breathed.
Ren smiled. “Again, not a miracle, just a trick,” he corrected her. “And for my next one…”
With a mental command, Clotho waved her spindle in Nero’s direction. A soft green light
emitted around her before fading away. As the persona vanished, Ren smiled. “How do you
feel now?” he asked.
The emperor blinked, then closed her eyes. “… my headaches are nowhere near as severe,”
she commented with wonder. She grinned brightly up at Ren. “I retain what I said – you are
nothing less than one who works miracles. I’m absolutely confident now – with you and
yours by my side, this campaign will surely be a success and the empire will prosper without
a doubt!”
The Phantom Thief smiled and nodded in agreement. However, inwardly he was bemused.
Me Patra worked on most ailments back in the Metaverse, from the rage and brainwashing
inflicted by regular shadows to the forced hunger Okumura forced upon him and his friends.
The only times it had no effect was when the inflictions were caused by some incredibly
powerful being.
Suddenly, the ‘bad’ feeling he had upgraded itself to ‘terrible’.
“I’m glad it helped,” Ren replied genuinely. There wasn’t much more he could do for now
and he doubted Nero knew more about it either or she would tell him. He simply sat back
down for now, sighing in relief as his circuits started cooling down. Thankfully, utilizing
Clotho and Me Patra hadn’t been a huge drain on him compared to using either Fafnir or
Hecatoncheires. It was definitely a pleasant change for today. Then he blinked in surprise as
Nero saddled closer to him and rested her head on his shoulder. “Nero…?” he asked quietly.
“Permit me this one favor, Ren,” she murmured, closing her eyes. “It has been so long since
I’ve managed to relax even a little bit. Just… give me a moment of respite and peace.”

Ren again blinked in surprise, but slowly relaxed. Nero normally looked radiant and bold
despite her exhaustion normally as she gave speeches, worked with her officers on plans, or
commanded her army from the front lines, whether surveying her forces like the battle in the
pass or taking the field with them. But right now, she looked exhausted and fragile.
Deciding to resign himself, he reclined himself on the couch to get more comfortable. Nero
followed him without argument, once more laying herself on his shoulder. Her breathing
slowed, and eventually only faint snores could be heard from the emperor. Ren tried to move
himself so he could lay her down – only for her to wrap her arm around him like a pillow and
refuse to let go.
The Phantom Thief could only blink in surprise, then breathed out a sigh of resignation
before closing his own eyes. Well, he might as well get some sleep of his own. And he
couldn’t argue, this was comfy. He could get used to it…
----------A sudden harsh banging against a door broke through Ren’s sleep. The comfortable void
gave way to sore muscles and joints from sleeping a bit oddly as he struggled to lift his
eyelids. A weight suddenly lifted off his body and suddenly he felt far colder than before as
he sat upright, blinking blearily. He looked around and saw himself in the governors’
bedroom once more. The firepit had long since dwindled to embers, filling the room with the
faint scent of aromatic smoke. A faint light filtered into the room from the outside. It must be
almost morning.
Standing up, he shuffled over to the dining table as he grabbed his bottle of water, needing
something to wet his throat. Glancing over at the door, he saw Nero, her hair and clothes
more disheveled from sleep, as she talked to a Roman soldier. They were speaking in lower
tones so he couldn’t hear too clearly but nevertheless, he waited for them, wondering what
was happening.
The soldier soon left as Nero closed the door. She turned around, her expression grim – and
blinked in surprise at seeing Ren awake. “Ah, centurion,” she greeted. “I wish I could wish
you a better morning, but it seems we have a situation on our hands.”
“I kind of gathered,” Ren replied easily. “What’s going on?”
Nero’s lips pressed together in a grim line. “A gigantic United Roman Empire force is
marching on Masilia,” she explained. “They’ll be on us within a few days. We have much to
do.” Ren blinked in surprise, then inwardly he sighed.
It seems their break was over.

Chapter End Notes

If you want to know more about the story or lore, join the discord! We have more than
you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/n3zPTqjJ

Chapter 75: Digging In
Chapter Summary

An oncoming storm necessitates preparations - physically and mentally.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Please visit and contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The mood had changed in a heartbeat. Whereas before there was a hopeful, watchful peace,
now everyone scurried about, preparing in a near borderline panic. Soldiers ran through the
streets, carrying materials or arms to wherever they were needed as officers barked orders
and argued with their peers on what would be the optimal method to reinforce the city with
what numbers they had. Elsewhere, supplies were quickly consolidated with new rules for
rationing quickly drawn up in preparation for the inevitable siege.
Joan watched as everyone moved about in a flurry. Normally her strange appearance drew
attention from soldiers – with no few staring at her either disgust or… lust? Men were still
men, after all. However, as they all received their orders and went about, almost none of them
gave her so much as a second glance. It was curious to watch. During her time in Orleans,
most of her berserk Servants either milled about or went on a rampage. The wyverns all
roosted without orders and the various monsters she summoned milled about aimlessly.
She frowned as she thought back to those days. How many peasants, knights, and nobles did
the same thing? How many prepared with everything they had, sparing no resources and
using every extent of their knowledge and manpower, only to be swarmed aside in a cruel
tide of flame and steel - a calamity that she had been the cause of? How often had she
laughed in manic satisfaction that the people were rendered less than nothing because of her?
How easy would it have been to sweep aside this city despite all they were doing to prepare?
The Lancer sighed bitterly. She still had much to atone for. Not in His eyes, nor Chaldea’s, or
her Master’s, but her own.
“Shit – watch out! WATCH OUT!”

The panicked shouts quickly caught Joan’s attention as she saw a nearby cart filled with
barrels about to tip over thanks to a broken wheel. Moving quickly, she caught the bottom of
the cart and hoisted it up, keeping it even. The barrels within wobbled dangerously for a
second before settling. The various soldiers around her sighed in relief.
“Th-thank you, miss,” stammered one particular soldier. Joan glanced at him – and blinked.
The soldier was little more than a boy. Why was someone that young a soldier? He should be
back home, helping with his family and roughhousing with other boys in some village square.
Then her stomach dropped as the answer immediately popped up in her mind: Because there
was nobody else.
“Don’t worry about it,” she grunted as she adjusted her grip to keep the cart steady. Despite it
being fully laden, it wasn’t a problem for her to hold up whatsoever thanks to her strength as
a Servant. She nodded to the broken wheel. “Get the damn thing replaced – I’m not holding
this forever,” she growled. The soldier blinked, then nodded and immediately dashed off.
Meanwhile, the other soldiers immediately moved in and began carefully unloading the
barrels off the cart, making sure not to disturb it too much. Joan watched them work
impassively. Three soldiers total of varying ages. Two of them were of the proper ages to be
soldiers but the third one was much older – she could practically see the white hairs in the
man’s beard and the wrinkles on his face.
“Our thanks,” panted the older one as he unloaded another barrel. “It’d be a huge mess if we
spilled all this pitch.” As he spoke, the two other soldiers gently set the barrels on the side
and began rolling them off while avoiding any eye contact with her, leaving the two of them
with three more barrels standing around.
Joan watched them leave. “More preparations?” she asked.
The older soldier nodded. “Aye,” he confirmed as he patted a barrel next to him. “Set these
on the walls and dump them on anyone trying to climb the walls after lighting them. Burns
nicely and impossible to come off. Unpleasant, I’ll grant you, but eh – I don’t feel quite as
bad dumping it on those… things.”
Right. The United Roman Empire soldiers were mostly facsimiles, guided and led by human
officers. The logistics problem was even worse than what she had described back at Rome.
The wyverns and monsters she summoned back in France gorged themselves on the French
people. Did they even need to eat, or did they simply accept her orders to ravage the
countryside?
Whoever said ‘ignorance is bliss’ was all too correct – and frankly, she wanted to punch them
in the face.
Regardless, one thing caught her attention. “You’ve done this before,” Joan noted. She didn’t
bother phrasing it as a question – the man was far too certain of its effects. And unlike the
other two who practically scurried off with the barrels, the soldier didn’t seem to mind her
presence. Everything about him indicated experience matching his age.

The old soldier nodded. “Yep,” he confirmed easily. “Been in the army for some time. Saw
my share of fighting – barbarian incursions to the north, insurrections here and there. Most of
it is just marching and training though. I thought I’d be able to retire and just tend to my farm
for the rest of my days, but I guess life’s not so convenient like that, eh?” He chuckled at the
end like it was a small joke.
Joan couldn’t find it in herself to laugh; it wasn’t that funny in the first place, and it simply
brought more sobering thoughts to the forefront. “You’re a farmer too?” she asked quietly.
“Small place near the capital,” he replied. “Nothing fancy but close enough to cart over to the
city and sell to merchants. I get decent prices – which is nice as taxes have been murder. The
emperor’s lowered them for folks like me but it’s still tough. Still, we got by well enough.”
“’We?’” Joan echoed, raising an eyebrow. “You have family?”
“Some,” the old soldier confirmed. “My love passed away a few summers ago. Mors came
for her in her sleep – as blessed as one can be.” The name sounded familiar to the Lancer.
Racking her brain, she soon remembered from her studies: Mors was the Roman God of
Death. More commonly known was his Greek name, Thanatos. “My sons often helped me
with the farm. They complained at times, but well, you know how boys can be.”
Joan nodded hesitantly, not sure how to respond. “They sound like good boys,” she replied
diplomatically. That was the most she could really say. She didn’t know people or how to
deal with them – only to burn and kill them. She knew they sinned thanks to Gilles’s wishes,
but not how they lived. Families, traditions, how they met, talked, lived… she knew none of
that.
Once more she cursed. She cursed Gilles for her incomplete, facetious existence. She cursed
her original who knew all this and thus was able to properly choose the path she walked, for
better or worse. And of course, she cursed Ren for screwing with her mind to the point where
she couldn’t properly tell up from down anymore.
And most of all, she cursed herself for her ignorance and lashing out like some damned idiot.
There was far too much she didn’t know, and not nearly enough time to learn properly.
“Yeah,” the soldier replied quietly, a small sad smile on his lips. “They were.”
Joan blinked in surprise at the response. Before she could inquire further, the two soldiers
from earlier ran up, huffing as they did so. The boy from earlier came with them, hauling a
wooden wheel with a box of tools. “Took you lot long enough!” the older soldier barked.
“Come on, help me with these barrels after you catch your breaths.” The soldiers nodded
wearily, heaving breaths as they staggered over to the remaining containers of pitch.
Meanwhile, the wheel was set on the cart and quickly put in place, allowing Joan to finally
release it.
The older soldier grunted as he tipped over the barrel and gently laid it on its side. “It’s good
talking to ya,” the soldier remarked cheerfully. “Name’s Lucius, by the way. Don’t think I
caught your name.”

“It’s Joan,” the Lancer replied. Come to think of it, she was always introduced as Joan by
someone else or otherwise wasn’t asked for her name at all. The name still felt odd in her
mouth. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Lucius.”
Lucius grinned. “Pleasure’s mine,” he replied. “Time to get back to work. I’ll see you when I
see you!” With that, the soldiers rolled off the barrels, followed shortly by the boy pulling the
cart away. Soon, it was just Joan by herself in the street, the shouts of officers and soldiers
echoing in the distance.
The pale moon shone dispassionately on them all in the dark heavens above.
----------Humanity.
They were weak, foolish creatures. They did not know their own best interests. They quarreled
and shed blood, they suffered and hungered. They prayed for salvation in vain and died in
droves regardless. Time and time again, they repeated their mistakes and never learned. They
considered themselves more advanced, yet they were just as barbaric as when they wielded
clubs and stones against each other.
That was what Orobas found in his observations as they kept watch. What they saw always
disgusted and confused them. Every path had a logical course these humans could take, one
that would be far more optimal than whatever they had done. Yet they always choose the
harder path for reasons they couldn’t comprehend. But it was their duty to observe and
record data, and so they would continue their duties regardless.
Monitoring Chaldea had been one of his tasks as well. It became a trivial affair after
implanting a connection to the incarnated Lancer. Whatever she saw, they saw. Whatever she
heard, they heard. She was beneath suspicion and thus, the perfect method of monitoring the
one unplanned variable in their plans. So far, there had been no issues.
At least, none towards their ultimate goal.
The thoughts of the Lancer Servant confused them. She had been naught but a construct, yet
why did she find fault in herself for what she had done? Why did she feel empathy for these
humans despite destroying countless numbers of them? It was clear that her current mental
paradigm was not suited for her mission nor her satisfaction, yet she had no wish to return to
how she was before when she was content and had a goal.
Foolish and illogical to the extreme.
All of Chaldea’s actions were the epitome of those two aspects from what they observed.
Servants were treated as one of their own instead of tools that could be easily replaced if they
were unruly or unsuited. The male Master preferred to constantly waste energy and resources
creating superfluous sustenance as opposed to utilizing rations to conserve both.
And no matter what, be it Chaldea or humanity, they continued to fight and persist despite the
best course of action being to surrender or join the more powerful side. They would continue

to live longer or at least face a far less painful end than if they continued to struggle when
there was no chance of victory.
Illogical. Illogical. Illogical. Illogical. All of it was illogical.
Nevertheless, it was their duty to observe. No less. And in the end, it wouldn’t matter.
Humanity would meet their fate one way or another. They would be their shepherds and will
ultimately find peace – be it in life or death.
And they would observe all of it.
---------“It seems you have been beset by yet another trial.”
Ren chuckled at Igor’s words, rubbing the back of his neck. “Honestly, starting to feel like
that’s describing my entire life,” he joked. First it was his adventures in Tokyo which began
with him getting falsely arrested, then he came to Chaldea where he encountered countless
legends who both fought with and against him. Frankly, if he hadn’t gained so many friends
and allies, he was certain it was all a dream – or a nightmare.
Despite his perpetual smile, Igor nodded sympathetically. “A wild card’s journey is indeed
filled with challenges,” he noted. “Though I will fully admit few have been as thoroughly
tested as you are. However, thus far you have been succeeding beyond all expectations. It is
quite commendable. I take it you wish to prepare?”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “Better get everything prepped before we go,” he confirmed.
“Got a lot to do.”
Lavenza smiled. With a wave of her hand, one of the cell doors opened once more. “Olga is
currently in the Workshop,” she informed him. “She has anticipated your needs and is already
awaiting you.” Ren blinked. The Workshop? That’s what they’re calling it now?
Right, Da Vinci had mentioned that a mage’s home base was called their workshop. It often
functioned as where they did their research and experiments, as well as their fortress to guard
all their magecraft and information. To be invited into one required no small amount of trust
as all their research, projects, and experiments would be on display.
After learning that, the debriefing took on a whole new dimension for both Ren and Morgana.
As proud as Da Vinci was, even she would be reluctant to open the doors of her workshop.
Yet she had willingly allowed them in, both to defend against eavesdroppers and spies, and as
a show of mutual trust – her secrets for their own.
Still, a magus workshop in the Velvet Room? That was certainly a new thing. Yet neither Igor
nor Lavenza had shown even the slightest discomfort at the idea, so he decided to trust both
them and Olga. As temperamental as the former director was, she had a good heart and was
incredibly capable.

Stepping into the cell, there was a period of darkness before he was in the Workshop once
more. He quickly noticed a few changes: there were now bookshelves filled with various
tomes, scrolls, bundles of bamboo slips, and more. It didn’t detract from the sheer number
that were open at the astrolabe table, but it was clear Olga had been utilizing more resources.
A plush rug had also been set up at another section of the room, complete with cushions. Ren
could easily guess what they were for.
As for Olga herself, the Attendant-in-training was consulting the Compendium at her table.
She must have gotten her own copy so she could work with it alongside Lavenza. “Hard at
work?” Ren called out, walking towards her.
Olga blinked as Ren stepped forward, then sighed as she ran a hand through her hair. “As
stated before, Amamiya, it’s all I can really do,” she replied. “I take it you have some
personas you wish enhanced for the upcoming battle?”
Ren nodded. “Got a few, yep,” he confirmed. “Cerberus and the Fates worked wonders, so
going to need a few more.”
With that, they discussed the new personas that would be needed for the battle. Between the
Fates and Cerberus, he already had a rather versatile arsenal to work with. However, there
were two he needed. The first was Hecatoncheires – his physical might was considerable for
many different purposes – and the second he didn’t even remember until Morgana reported
what happened on his leg of his campaign. However, now seemed a good a time as any to use
it.
Once he was done deciding, he watched as Olga got to work. The astrolabe spun around with
each wave and motion of her hand, the starry skies above whirling by in a dizzying display.
However, her gaze seemed a bit less focused than usual as the Compendium glowed. It was
subtle enough and she didn’t seem overly distracted, but….
“Something on your mind, Olga?” he asked.
The former director’s head snapped up, blinking at Ren before gently rubbing her eyes with
her fingers. “I was trying to concentrate on my work, Amamiya,” she grumbled, glaring at
Ren - albeit with barely any heat.
Ren raised an eyebrow. “Somehow, I don’t think it’s just from your work,” he pushed a bit as
he leaned on the astrolabe table. “Want to talk about it, or…”
Olga continued to glare at Ren for a moment, then sighed. “Go lie down,” she growled.
The Phantom Thief blinked, then nodded. Walking over to the rug, he easily laid down on the
rug, setting a pillow underneath his head to cushion it. The plush carpet was incredibly soft,
with the stone floor underneath providing just enough hardness for it to be surprisingly
comfortable, easily conforming to his body. In his peripheral vision, he saw Olga coming
over and lying down as well.
And thus, both of them laid there in the room, staring up at the glimmering stars and planets
above them in silence.

“I saw what happened with Nero,” Olga murmured.
Ren blinked in surprise as he glanced over at Olga. Instead of embarrassment or anger, she
looked oddly pensive. Turning back, he stared back up at the stars. “Yeah, that was…
certainly an experience,” Ren commented lamely. What was he supposed to say about that?
He certainly hadn’t expected Nero to proposition him in such a manner. However, it wasn’t
from a healthy place of mind – there was absolutely no way he could accept it.
“I can understand a bit of what she’s going through,” she continued, her eyes tracing a
shooting star. “My tenure as the director of Chaldea had been… difficult, to put it mildly.
Many of my subordinates and peers distrusted me, I had very little knowledge of how to
properly run the facility, I was incompatible as a Master despite being the director of a
location that requires them…”
She sighed as she reached up to the stars with a hand. “I had thought myself prepared as best
I could under the circumstances,” she continued. “But it wasn’t enough. No matter how hard
I worked, what I studied and learned, what resources I brought to bear, it was never enough.
The entire facility felt like it was slipping from my hands like grains of sand. At the very
least, I thought I could rely on Lev. He helped smooth out a lot of the workings in the facility
and taught me so much, both before and after I took the position.”
A bitter chuckle escaped from Olga as her hand fell to cover her eyes. “I don’t believe I need
to elaborate on that front, Amamiya,” she noted.
Ren was quiet as he digested the information. “How did you become the director of Chaldea
in the first place?” he asked, glancing over at her. “Did you have to take some sort of test,
or…?”
Olga shook her head, still staring up at the sky. “It was… passed down to me,” she admitted,
her voice barely above a whisper. “My father, Marisbury Animusphere, was the director.
But… they found him dead in his office. There wasn’t anyone else who could fill in on such
short notice, s-so I had to fill in. My father’s – no, my family’s entire legacy fell on my
shoulders. I couldn’t refuse. I did everything – everything – I could, and yet…”
She took a quiet gasp to regain her breath as tears started quietly leaking, forcing her to
rapidly rub them away, hoping Ren wouldn’t notice. As for the Phantom Thief, he could only
feel an entire maelstrom of emotions – shock at learning her father died. Pity for Olga’s
situation. Sympathy for all she had to go through. But most of all, concern for the former
director. She bore the weight of the world for god knows how long. No wonder she seemed at
the end of her rope when they first met.
Reaching over, he quietly took her hand, drawing Olga’s surprised glance. “You did
everything you could, and even more,” he reassured her. “If it wasn’t for you, neither
Morgana nor I would’ve gotten nearly so far in the singularities. We owe a lot to you and
everything you’ve done. I don’t doubt your father would be proud of all you’ve done –
before, now, and in the future.”
The former director blinked in surprise, then gave a half-hearted scoff. “You know nothing,
Ren Amamiya,” she grumbled. Nevertheless, her fingers closed around his hand, sharing in

his warmth. With that, they continued to lay there quietly, the stars twinkling above them,
caring nothing about the affairs of the two people below.
Finally, with a tired sigh, Olga stood up. “I can’t be coddled forever,” she muttered. “I shall
return to work.” Ren glanced up with concern but decided to simply nod. Pushing forward
and doing what she could was probably the best way for her to recover. He’d have to check in
on her later and see how she was doing, as well as talk to both Igor and Lavenza.
She took a few steps toward the table, then stopped. “Amamiya,” Olga called out. “Might I
ask you for a favor?”
That drew Ren’s curiosity as he propped himself up on his elbows. “Sure,” he immediately
agreed. “What’s up?”
The Attendant hesitated for a moment. “When you see Mash again,” she said slowly. “Tell
her I’m…. I’m sorry. For everything.”
Ren blinked in surprise. “Er, sure,” he stammered as he sat up. He debated asking what for as
Olga stiffly nodded and returned to the astrolabe table to resume her work, then thought
better of it. While he was curious, he doubted Olga would relinquish the information easily.
She would probably reveal it when it was necessary, but no sooner. That being said, he
couldn’t help but stare at Olga as she worked. How many secrets did she ultimately hold?
How many did Chaldea?
---------“So, I’m guessing the ETA is a bit out there?”
Ren watched the faces of Roman, Ritsu, and Morgana through his communicator. All of them
were pale at the news of the incoming siege. “Er, h-how many did you say were gonna be
attacking again?” Roman stammered.
“The last scout reports counted around twenty thousand,” Ren replied, recalling the
information from the morning meeting. “From the pace they’re marching, they’ll probably be
arriving tomorrow afternoon or so. We’re still getting everything prepped. Hopefully it’ll be
enough.”
“Tomorrow?!” Morgana screeched. “I’m gonna talk to Evander right now! We gotta get over
there! At least close enough for our Servants to provide backup!”
“Even then, it’ll take several days for either of us to be in range,” Ritsu growled in
frustration. “Roman, is there anything you can do on your end?”
Roman bit his lip. “I’m already checking,” he replied anxiously. “But even if you had Mash
with you, Ren, Chaldea doesn’t have the power output for any more Servants. The best I can
do is give a more bird’s eye view of the situation and go from there. I’m really sorry.”
The Phantom Thief smiled and shrugged, trying to push down his own worry and panic.
“Well, it’ll just be like the battle at the pass again,” he commented. “Just… a lot bigger. At

least we’ve more soldiers with us this time around. Could’ve done with Archer or Tamamo
with us too but we’ll make it work. We’re funneling as many supplies as we can before the
siege happens and also taking precautions so they don’t fully surround us.”
He glanced over and nodded at Morgana. “So far, there’s no accompanying navy with the
URE army,” he added. “So you’re probably gonna have the easiest way in.”
Morgana nodded with a determined expression. “That’s what I wanna hear,” he stated.
“Leave it to me, Joker. Once I get over there, I’ll be sure to give them hell.”
“Morgana, do the ships have any sort of defenses or weapons?” Ritsu asked, her voice
surprisingly serious.
The catlike being blinked in surprise. “Erm, we’ve scorpions mounted on the ships,” he
replied. “I think the engineers are trying to install some catapults too.”
“Think you can provide cover fire from those ships?” Ritsu asked.
“Oh, I getcha,” Morgana replied in realization. “Already thinking about that, actually. We’re
gonna have to draw pretty close before we can properly use them, but once we do, we’re
raining down hell.”
Ren nodded with a grin. “Good to hear,” he replied earnestly. “I’ll keep you all updated as it
comes, but for now, I guess it’s just a waiting game. You guys stay safe and I’ll see you all
soon, alright?”
“We should be telling you that!” Morgana cried. “Don’t you dare do something like what you
did with Leonidas and all those soldiers back in the pass, alright?! We need you safe and
sound!”
“I’ll suplex you again if you do something stupid!” Ritsu snarled in turn. “Roman, you’ll
monitor him closely, won’t you?!”
“Of course,” Roman replied, already looking more tired at the sheer thought of it. “Ren,
please don’t push yourself too hard once more. That moment had been touch-and-go and
frankly, we’d rather not risk that.”
Ren made a show of thinking, then smirked. “I’ll take it under advisement,” he responded
cheekily.
“REN!!!”
“I should go attend to the other preparations,” Ren said, giving his fuming friends a grin. “I’ll
see you when I see you.”
With that, he turned off the communicator and took a deep breath. Twenty thousand soldiers.
Even with his greatest personas, such a force was beyond his reckoning. He would have to
rely on everyone here. And he certainly agreed with the three – he hoped himself he wouldn’t
have to rush out again to deal with some split contingent. Fighting off two hundred soldiers
by himself wasn’t an experience he wished to replicate.

Deciding to put his plan into action, he got up and walked down the streets towards the
western wall – where the URE army was going to show. Keeping Jing Ke’s advice in mind,
he expanded his awareness to catch snatches of details, both in people and in conversations,
as he walked by. Soldiers ran up and down, sometimes with various supplies in hand.
Impromptu pulleys were constructed to haul materials up to the battlements as soldiers and
officers barked orders to organize everything.
“Coming through, centurion!”
Ren blinked and jumped out of the way as a cart, pulled by a pair of other soldiers, rolled by.
The mood of the soldiers as he walked by seemed to be mixed, judging from their
conversations. For the most part, they seemed to focus on keeping busy with their
preparations so they didn’t have to think about it. The gate was wide open as more soldiers
streamed in and out.
As he walked, however, something caught his attention. Glancing over, he saw a pair of
soldiers talking down an alley. A small scroll was passed to another, then they quickly parted.
“Loki,” Ren mentally called out.
“The two fools who were about as subtle as I am on a bad day?” the Avenger snarked lazily.
As Ren expected - while he didn’t know where the trickster god was at all times, he knew
that they were never far away. “Can you tail them and see what’s going on?” he asked.
“Maybe I’m just being paranoid, but better safe than sorry.”
“When it comes to Romans, that’s perhaps a better attitude to have than in Tokyo,” Loki
replied with some amusement. “Though you probably wouldn’t learn that after bedding a
Roman emperor~”
Ren sighed in exasperation. “That’s not what happened, Loki,” he wearily replied. And
frankly, he’d rather not hear about such a thing from someone who looked like Akechi as a
girl. He had a sinking feeling this wouldn’t be the only time he would have to tell them to
knock it off. “Anyway, can you follow them and see what’s going on? Don’t act without
concrete evidence though – we can’t afford any discord with his upcoming siege.”
“Of course, of course,” Loki replied dismissively. Ren could only sigh to himself. Well, as
long as they took things seriously there shouldn’t be much to worry about. Probably.
Stepping out of the open gate, he looked around. The soldiers were busy digging a trench
around the walls. Digging completely around the city was impossible with the amount of
manpower and time they had, and so it was primarily focused on the western wall. That being
said, even that was hard going for the soldiers – there simply wasn’t enough manpower, time,
or even tools to do so.
Walking over to one end of the trench – a short walk, considering the small amount of
progress – he approached one of the officers. “How’s it going?” he asked.
The officer startled at Ren’s question and stared at him as if biting back a string of insults and
curses, then sighed. Ren had a feeling the man didn’t want to yell at someone who obviously

was high in the emperor’s favor – a feeling he very much didn’t enjoy. “You can see for
yourself, centurion,” he growled. “A trench that covers Masilia’s western walls before
tomorrow afternoon? If we had a full legion, we’d be able to do it for sure but right now? The
best we can hope for is some holes.”
“I can see that,” Ren commented, watching the soldiers digging with shovels and picks.
“Mind if I help out?”
Blinking, the man looked over at Ren. “What, got another weird trick of yours?” he asked
incredulously.
Ren grinned. “Can you get your men to clear the way? Also, tell them not to be too terrified
of what they see.”
The officer could only stare at Ren, then once more sighed. “You foreigners will be the death
of me, I swear,” he grumbled in exasperation before turning back to his men. “Oi! Pack it up
and move!” he roared. “We got incoming! And first person who bolts off gets triple shifts!”
The soldiers looked at each other in confusion before climbing out of the trench.
Once they were all clear, Ren jumped in, to everyone’s confusion as they all watched. Ren
took a deep breath and switched to the needed persona. It’s going to cause a disturbance no
matter what, but hopefully it would pay off.
“Hecatoncheires!”
In a burst of blue flame, the multi-armed giant appeared once more. Unlike before, instead of
kneeling, it stood up to its full height. Despite the depth of the trench, it easily towered over
everyone standing outside as the soldiers immediately cried out in shock and terror,
staggering backward. “Oi! No running, you cowardly louts!” the officer roared – albeit an
octave higher than before.
Ren breathed as he witnessed his persona. The difference from yesterday and today felt like
night and day – his personas were part of him, but compared to yesterday, Hecatoncheires felt
like a second skin, much like Cerberus was back in the pass. Not to mention, his movements
felt a lot more… organic and natural. He had to restrain the giant from roaring, though – he
didn’t need to spook the soldiers any further.
He turned toward the uncompleted trench wall and smirked. “Let’s get to work,
Hecatoncheires!” he called out.
The giant roared in agreement and elation – much to the panic of the surrounding soldiers,
causing Ren to rub the back of his neck sheepishly. He’d have to apologize afterward. But for
now, it was time to get to work. Hecatoncheires easily burrowed into the dirt, scooping up
massive quantities and setting it down with surprising dexterity and gentleness.
The soldiers could only gawk in surprise, watching the giant work under Ren’s control. Then
the officer snapped out of it. “Oi, you gonna let him do everything around here?!” he roared,
snapping the soldiers out of their reverie. “Get that dirt piled up nice and high! I don’t want to

see a single damn abomination being able to clamber out for their lives by the time we’re
done here!”
Ren glanced up in surprise at the officer, who looked back, shot him a quick grin, then
resumed his work. He could only chuckle as he felt his circuits heat up. He should get back to
it too. As the sun set, the trench was done, with the dirt piled up on the far side to make it
even harder to climb.
As Hecatoncheires faded away, Ren panted for breath, feeling his circuits burning underneath
his skin. While it was straining to maintain, it was far easier than even just the other day
when he briefly used the persona to open the gates. He was glad for Olga’s work – it certainly
made things far easier. Admittedly he hadn’t used him for any of his physical attacks yet, but
that would come in due time.
Then he staggered as he felt something slap his back. Catching himself, he whirled around to
see the officer, grinning broadly. “You got some weird tricks, centurion,” he boomed. “But
anyone who can pull that off AND pull their weight is alright in my book!”
The Phantom Thief blinked, then chuckled. “All in a day’s work,” he replied easily, if
wearily.
Laughing, the officer clapped Ren on the back, once more causing him to stumble. “Come
on, kid,” he roared. “Chow time!” The soldiers roared as they began filing off, heading back
into the city. Ren sighed and shook his head, carefully climbing the ladder out of the trench
and ignoring his stinging limbs.
And thus, the sun set – and the clouds began rolling in.

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll get
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/UQTxu5GZ

Chapter 76: Questions
Chapter Summary

Break time's over.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Thieves Den was serene as it always was. The soft, jazzy music playing in the
background, the comfortable atmosphere, the various exhibits all floating on suspended
platforms. The various TVs were off, though they could be switched on at will to display
when its owner wanted at any time. It felt both like a gallery and a home at the same time
still.
It truly was the home of a Trickster.
Lavenza stepped through the cell door into the Den. It had been quite some time since she
had visited – despite their relationship, it was rare for the Trickster to invite her into his
personal sanctum. She didn’t fault him for that; it was one of the places he sought solace and
comfort, to reflect and relax. It was always an intriguing place, and every sight always stirred
her ever-present curiosity. However, she would not intrude if he didn’t wish for company.
Even at a glance, it would seem the Den had undergone a few changes. Though it was mostly
the same, she noticed that rather than the usual pristine white walls of the Den, they were
now the faint blue-grey panels of Chaldea’s halls. In fact, she could see the Chaldean emblem
further down. The railing used to be a steel and glass affair she had often seen in museums in
the human world, but now were elaborately carved stone railings, reminiscent of those at the
Roman emperor’s palace.
Speaking of the Trickster, he was currently leaning on the railing, staring out over the
exhibits. Even though she had been the one overseeing his rehabilitation – or rather, her
selves Caroline and Justine were – and was perhaps one of the closest to him, she still had
trouble gleaning his thoughts at times. His personas were his masks, after all, and everyone
wore their own. To discern through a mask was a challenge she was still undertaking.
“It has been a while since you last invited me here, my Trickster,” she commented, quietly
walking forward. “Is there something amiss you wish to speak to me about?”
He turned around easily and smiled, not surprised in the least. He had been the one to invite
her, after all. “Not at all,” he answered easily. “I just thought it had been a while since we had
a good chance to chat, what with everything that has been going on lately.”

Lavenza blinked in surprise, then giggled. “True, though it is not something to fret over,” she
reassured him with a smile. She was one who ruled over power, and the one who oversaw the
Trickster’s conditions and trials. He didn’t have much reason to speak with her or her
counterparts any more than necessary. Yet he saw fit to approach her when she was Caroline
and Justine, and when she was made whole as Lavenza. He had been nothing short of kind
and understanding, no matter the circumstances.
Was it any surprise she loved the Trickster so deeply?
“Your trials have been strenuous indeed, my Trickster,” Lavenza commented as she stepped
closer. “If you require rest, then I do not mind awaiting until you have properly recuperated
before we meet again.” She had watched him struggle and fight, physically and mentally. He
was often pushed to the brink time and time again, and at times she feared he wouldn’t get
back up. But each and every time, he did, to her constant amazement and wonder.
Ren laughed once more, a twinkle in his grey eyes as he looked over at her. “True, but it isn’t
something to fret over,” he replied with a grin. Lavenza stared at Ren in surprise at his use of
her words, then they both shared a quiet laugh. As she laughed, she felt a small weight lift
from her diminutive shoulders. Ah, she shouldn’t have doubted him.
“Tell you what, it’s been a while,” Ren noted, getting up from the railing. “Would you like
me to whip up some curry and coffee? It should still be as good here as it was in the real
world.”
Lavenza blinked in surprise, then beamed. “I would be honored, my Trickster,” she replied
gratefully.
The Phantom Thief laughed at the courtesy. “The honor is all mine,” he easily replied in
return.
They began walking down towards the LeBlanc exhibit, easily stepping down the floating
glass stairs despite the lack of any handrails. As they passed by an exhibit, however, Lavenza
stopped, her curiosity drawn. In front of her was the young woman around the Trickster’s
age. Armored, wielding a massive shield, with an expression of fierce determination.
Mash Kyrielight – the Trickster’s Aeon arcana.
“I must admit, I did not expect an Aeon arcana to show,” she commented, her words drawing
Ren’s attention. “Once more, you are truly full of surprises.”
Ren blinked as he followed her gaze, settling on Mash’s fierce expression. “Is an Aeon arcana
that rare?” he asked.
The attendant nodded. “Most of the bonds a Wild Card forms belong to one of the major
Arcana,” she explained. “There are exceptions, of course – as you are aware from the Faith
and Consultant arcanas.” Ren nodded, following along. Those were Sumire and Maruki,
respectively. Sumire’s was even odder given how he fulfilled a bond with her Kasumi
personality first before that false identity finally shattered.

“An Aeon arcana is far different than that of most other arcana, my dear Trickster, with
challenges you may not expect,” she murmured as she glanced back at him. “Please bear that
in mind as you continue to expand your bonds.”
Instead of elaborating further, she continued walking. The other exhibits stirred her curiosity
and she wished to learn further. She hadn’t been this intrigued since she had visited the
Trickster’s room so long ago, and while she had been privy to his adventures through the
eyes of Caroline and Justine, to see them herself personally was a new, novel experience
entirely.
Meanwhile, Ren followed behind, quietly contemplating Lavenza’s words. The words of
caution had caught him by surprise. He had no doubt he would find out sooner or later what
she meant but still, perhaps for the umpteenth time when dealing with the residents of the
Velvet Room, he had to ask himself: What did they know that he didn’t? Was there something
about Mash he hadn’t realized or found out yet?
And once more, what did Olga know?
In the meantime, Lavenza wandered to another exhibit that caught her interest. On display
was a blue-skinned older man wearing high-tech black armor with a glass bubble helmet,
sitting on a hovering mechanical throne. Surrounding the man protectively were various
robots, each painted to look like they were wearing various colored business suits, with two
particular ones towering over their much smaller compatriots and the man himself.
She had recognized this one. The one whose Palace and ruler embodied the aspect of greed:
Kunikazu Okumura. She had watched with interest as the Trickster and his companions
navigated through the factory and space station, intrigued by the cognitions that had fought
against. These mechanical servitors were how the ruler had viewed his subordinates:
Plentiful, expendable, and zealously loyal. It stood in stark contrast to how the Trickster
treated his own bonds and how irreplaceable each and every one of them were.
But more importantly, recent events had reminded her of these servitors – a certain parallel
she knew the Trickster shared. “While it is deplorable what has happened to these ‘robots’,”
she murmured. “I must wonder how they compare to the Roman ‘soldiers’. Did those soldiers
ever think or dream like the ‘robots’ do? Or were they truly merely mindless automatons?”
She glanced at one of the servitors – almost her height, painted in such a way that it looked
like it wore a green suit, both lifelike yet lifeless at the same time. “But then, if they were
truly mindless, then I suppose it would be a mercy,” she concluded. What those people had
been through was deplorable, especially through the eyes of the Palace’s ruler. At least the
automatons had no minds or bodies to suffer with. They were created to be disposed of. No
more, no less.
“Yeah, pretty sure those soldiers were mindless,” Ren muttered distractedly as he stared at the
robots. He could still feel the transparent blood running down his hands when he stabbed or
cut into the soldiers. He rubbed his hand at the phantom sensation. The liquid was… thick
and unpleasant. He didn’t know if that was what actual blood felt like, and frankly he didn’t
feel like finding out. Shadows didn’t bleed and the robots simply exploded, after all.

Suddenly, he felt a soft, cool hand rest on his own, forestalling his motions and ruminating.
He glanced in surprise to see Lavenza staring up at him in concern. “Are you alright, my
Trickster?” she asked worriedly.
Ren blinked in surprise, then smiled once more as he stopped. “Sorry, it wasn’t an experience
I was used to,” he admitted, gently turning his hand to squeeze hers in turn. “I’ll be fine, but
thank you for your concern, Lavenza.”
Lavenza nodded, smiling slightly, before continuing on. The next exhibit they stopped at was
a much larger exhibit: A massive golden lion, composed entirely of figures of people. Each
figure lacked features, yet they were distinct enough that the beast was incredibly
discomforting to even look at. Sitting on top of it was a large man in a suit and red cape,
wearing an incredibly ostentatious helmet. His baleful yellow eyes stared down at two of
them, his presence still looming despite being a still figure.
Prime Minister hopeful Masayoshi Shido – or rather, the one who had almost ruined the
Trickster’s life and had been instrumental in setting him on his journey, resulting in the man’s
own downfall. She didn’t know whether to thank the man or blast him with a Megidolaon.
Well, no, she did know: the latter first, and then the former. And perhaps one more blast for
good measure.
The Trickster was a good influence on her. She didn’t think she would be quite so kind.
“You know, when I faced him down,” Ren started, drawing the Attendant’s attention. “He
was pretty intimidating. I even broke a sweat when he made things so it was just him and
me.” Staring down the overly muscular shadow of Shido as he bombarded him with powerful
attacks one after another as his teammates yelled encouragement or tried to get through the
impromptu barricade Shido made… it was a harrowing experience, to say the least.
“He was a formidable foe,” Lavenza agreed. “Still, I believe you are a far greater man than he
ever was, my Trickster. If anything, perhaps he should have feared you more.”
Ren blinked in surprise again, then laughed. “Maybe,” he admitted. “But I was gonna say,
compared to the Servants I met so far, Shido doesn’t seem even half as intimidating anymore.
Funny how things work.”
Lavenza glanced over at the exhibit again, meeting the figure’s eyes and tilting her head as
she pondered. “… yes, I do see what you mean, my Trickster,” she replied finally in
agreement. “He only has power on his side, but nothing else. Perhaps if it was a foe like
Artoria Pendragon you faced against…?”
Ren felt a cold chill down his spine as he laughed nervously at the mere thought of it. “It
would definitely be a challenging fight,” he commented. While Shido had been strong, that
was all he had. Like the thug he ultimately was, he just slung his power around, seeking to
batter down and overwhelm any and all opposition.
Artoria… She was wise, skillful, experienced, and fast. Frankly, while he faced off against
many powerful individuals, the King of Knights was someone he never wanted to make an
enemy out of. He was thankful they managed to defeat the blackened version of her in

Fuyuki and she had been summoned as an ally since. It helped that they also got along pretty
well. Frankly, he hoped to learn more from Artoria – he had a feeling she could teach him a
lot.
“Oh?” Lavenza inquired, tilting her head curiously. “A challenge even you would balk at, my
dear Trickster? Even though you so bravely challenged me when I was split apart, and once
more when I was made whole?”
The Phantom Thief winced at the comment. He remembered challenging them. They had
even conjured up cognitive copies of his friends so he could fight alongside them as he
always did. It was merely a test of his strength and nothing more – and it was still some of
the most harrowing fights he had ever experienced. They didn’t even go all out until it was
clear he could take it.
“I can challenge, but that doesn’t mean I’m not terrified,” Ren admitted. “You, Caroline and
Justine, and of course, Artoria are all in your own leagues. If I’m not a bit worried, then I’m
probably a complete idiot. Besides.” Lavenza glanced over at Ren in question as the Phantom
Thief grinned. “Isn’t bravery about doing something despite being terrified anyway?”
The Attendant blinked in surprise, then giggled once more. “That is quite true, my dear
Trickster,” she agreed. “If it sets your mind at ease, know that if I were to fight the King of
Knights myself, then most likely she would be victorious. Your assessment would be quite
accurate.”
With that, she turned on her heel and finally began to walk toward the LeBlanc exhibit,
finally feeling the pangs of hunger and tasting the spices on her tongue. Meanwhile, she
heard the Trickster behind him sigh with exasperation and her smile widened slightly.
As much as she loved the Trickster, it simply wouldn’t do to have him become complacent,
after all.
-----------The afternoon came sooner than anyone expected. The Roman army had worked through the
entire night, sleeping in shifts as they continued fortifying and preparing how they could. It
had gone far quicker than expected, thanks to Ren’s Hecatoncheires helping them out during
the day – aside from digging the trench, he also lifted supplies up to the walls, moved rubble,
and other things. Once people got past the fact that it was an inhuman giant, it became a
welcome sight to the Roman army.
Ren had gotten up early in the morning to attend the war council and planned to help them
out once more, only for Nero to immediately shut him down before he could even suggest it.
“Your abilities and skills are one of the army’s biggest assets right now, centurion,” she
declared. “I will not have you exhaust yourself before the onset of the siege. You have done
plenty for us yesterday – take as much of today as you can to rest and recover.”
To his surprise, the gathered officers nodded in agreement, one of them even clapping him on
the back. It wasn’t from them simply agreeing with their emperor – that was their genuine
thoughts. It was certainly surprising considering even after facing down Leonidas and his

forces, the Romans were ambivalent towards him, but certainly a welcome change at this
point.
Thus, Ren simply wandered about, observing and keeping an eye on things. The soldiers
greeted him as he passed by but otherwise, he kept to himself as he tried to gauge the
situation. There was definitely an air of nervousness that, while present the day before, was
only emphasized further today. Glancing up, he noticed Jing Ke lazing about on the roof.
Most likely sensing his attention, Jing Ke glanced over in turn, smirked and raised a bottle of
hers in salute before relaxing with another swig.
He had to smile and shake his head. Drunk she may be, but without a doubt reliable.
“Are you trying to get yourself killed?! Move aside!”
Blinking at the sound of familiar shouting, he turned to see Joan picking up two barrels and
hauling them off, grumbling, as a soldier tailed after her with hurried apologies. That was a
surprise. He hadn’t expected Joan to help out with the preparations either. Honestly, he had
been meaning to talk to her but with how busy things had been, it was difficult. Not to
mention, with everything going on right now, it wasn’t the right time for it.
But still, it was intriguing to watch her. Aside from Futaba, who was an odd circumstance, he
hadn’t really dealt with anyone after they had their change of heart. The shadows he met
down in the depths of Mementos where they were caged up didn’t count – they were
scumbags before and after. All removing their Palaces did was simply take away the will to
enact their depravity.
Then, as if sensing someone was staring at her (this seemed to be a common trend), Joan
turned and blinked in surprise as seeing Ren there. Ren opened his mouth to greet her, only to
be met with a scowl as she turned away and marched off even faster. He could only sigh as he
scratched his cheek. He deserved that treatment still.
Still, with Nero and the other Servants (mostly) busy, he had plenty of time to himself. In the
end, he found himself at the top of the walls, observing the distance. The clouds were rolling
in, suffusing the land with a pallid light. There was no sign that it was going to rain anytime
soon but the atmosphere was dreary, nevertheless.
He stared into the distance. Below him, the soldiers were working to widen the trench as well
as lining it with stakes and oil, as well as taking further debris and continuing to pile it at the
foot of the wall. Thanks to him, the trench was more or less ready. The soldiers were only
putting in the finishing touches to allow for better defense. Beyond them were the dusty
plains that surrounded Masilia. The region was relatively flat, allowing for easily marching
and mobility, but there was a certain austere beauty to it.
Frankly, if he had the time or luxury, he would’ve loved to explore the city and the locale.
Maybe he should consider a trip to Europe when he got back – he already visited France,
Italy, and was on his way to Spain, after all. It would certainly be an experience comparing
and contrasting the towns and cities he had seen.
“Of course you had to be here.”

Blinking, Ren glanced over as Joan dropped off baskets of arrows onto the battlements. He
shrugged apologetically. “There’s not much people would let me do at the moment so I
thought I might as well keep an eye out,” he excused. “I’m surprised you’re helping out so
much, though.”
Joan sighed aridly. “Better than sitting around doing nothing,” she muttered. “Romans are
supposed to be great engineers, but with everyone rushing around like chickens with their
heads cut off, I’m honestly surprised there hasn’t been a worse accident. Might as well help
minimize that.”
That explanation took Ren off guard. He expected her to help for a multitude of reasons –
perhaps because she was bored or was working towards her own redemption. It most likely
was still for the latter but to hear her concern for safety and the soldiers was still quite a
surprise. He still remembered back in Orleans when she was throwing wyverns and twisted
Servants at them without care, seeking to drown them out in both power and numbers.
She had come a long way already.
“Hey Joan, do you have a sec?” he asked.
The Lancer glanced up suspiciously, then sighed once more. “No, I don’t,” she growled.
“There’s far too much that needs to be done and the last thing I need is for you to screw up
my head even more.” Despite her sharp words, her tone had surprisingly little heat to it. She
sounded more tired than anything. “Just keep what you gotta say to yourself until we get back
to Chaldea, got it? We’ve a mission to complete here.”
Ren held up his hands in surrender and acceptance. “Alright,” he agreed. “I’ll respect your
wishes.” And she did have a point – there was no sense in clouding her mind with more
information, not when they had a siege bearing down on them. He was honestly glad that
despite everything, Joan was thinking clearly instead of lashing out.
Still, with that conversation, it seemed the atmosphere around the two lightened somewhat –
no longer did it feel so tense, like a taut cord about to snap any second. There was still some
tension there, but no longer was it suffocating.
Joan glanced over at him, then sighed once more. “Again, I don’t understand you,” she
grumbled.
The Phantom Thief glanced over. “Sorry?” he inquired.
“I see you pulling off all sorts of crazy stuff with your magecraft,” she growled. “You can use
them to cause almost unmitigated chaos and destruction, or you use them to help things
along. Even without those personas, I see you just chatting with Servants, emperors, and
people alike – and they often seem better for it too.”
She leaned against the battlements, running a hand through her hair. “I honestly can’t tell if
you’re suicidal, insane, some sort of demon and angel, or what,” she bluntly stated. “And I’ve
worked with madmen. Just… who or what are you, Ren Amamiya?”

Ren blinked in surprise at Joan’s rant as he thought about how to answer her. What was he? A
Phantom Thief, a falsely accused convict, a student, a barista… he was all those things and
more. “I’m just someone who’s been through… well, a lot,” he admitted a bit lamely.
Joan stared at him for a bit with a deadpan expression before sighing resignedly. “How long
of a story is it,” she asked wearily.
“Very,” Ren answered without hesitation.
“Then this can wait until after all’s said and done here,” she muttered. “But we will be talking
about-“
The abruptness of Joan stopping had Ren glancing at her questioningly, only to see her
staring into the distance with wide eyes. Ren followed her gaze – and saw the enormous dust
cloud drifting up over the horizon. “Guess the party’s here,” Ren murmured. He turned back
to Joan. “Let the emperor and the other Servants know the URE’s arrived,” he commanded.
“I’ll go get the soldiers outside back in.”
The Lancer nodded without argument and jumped down from the wall to carry out his
command. Ren took the stairs down and ran for the open gates. It seems things were only
getting started now.
----------Everyone quickly set up. The soldiers outside had withdrawn quickly, taking their supplies
back in before the gates to Masila shut. Everyone rushed to take their stations, with men
rapidly lining the walls and bringing up last minute supplies. Makeshift barricades were also
erected within the gate itself to funnel the URE army if they breached in. With the rubble at
the foot of the wall combined with the trench, scaling the walls would also be a hard matter.
Nero stood above the gate in her golden armor, alongside Ren who had donned on his gifted
Roman armor as well. Joan was stationed further down the wall while Loki and Jing Ke
remained hidden but close by. Lu Bu was the only one not in the city – he was stationed
outside on the north side to prevent the URE forces from fully surrounding the city. Joan
would intercept the forces at the south if they tried to move that way, though the current plan
was to concentrate enough firepower to make that unfeasible.
As the army approached, the sheer scale left Ren in awe. Column upon column of soldiers,
lining up with their purple banners fluttering in the breeze. All armed and armored, gleaming
despite the cloudy weather. Then remembering Jing Ke’s lesson, he looked past them – and
blinked with surprise. No ladders, no siege engines, nothing. In fact, doing a quick count and
some mental math showed there were fewer than expected. “There’s a lot fewer of them than
what was reported,” he noted.
The emperor frowned. “Most likely they are setting up a camp and preparing what they
need,” she answered.
Ren nodded. “Then I’m guessing this is just the preview to the show,” he commented, staring
back out at the army. Most likely they were there as a display of force and intimidation,

which meant someone was going to come out and demand to speak with them. And almost
on cue, he could see a shift in the army. It was hard to see, but a detachment had separated
from the main force and was moving towards them.
There were two chariots moving towards them at a steady pace. The one in front was being
driven by a redheaded boy with messy red hair, wearing an elaborate cuirass. He was
practically beaming as approached like an excited kid on a school trip. Despite his excited
demeanor, he had no trouble controlling the horses as they trotted, easily handling their reins
like he had done so his whole life.
In an absolute contrast, the other passenger in his chariot was a taller, grim-faced man. He
wore a sharp black suit with a red tie, with long black hair that flowed down to his waist.
Unlike his compatriot, his stance seemed casual, almost tired, but his eyes were scanning the
fortress walls as well as everyone standing ready. The second chariot held two URE soldiers,
loaded with a barrel and a large, full sack.
Yet, despite the disparity of the two in the front chariot, Ren found himself wary of them
both. While the man in the suit was very much the obvious threat, something told him that
the driver of the chariot was just as formidable in turn. “I get the feeling both are bad news,”
he murmured to Nero who was similarly observing the convoy moving towards them.
Nero glanced at Ren before turning her gaze back. “You know something about the boy?” she
asked quietly.
He shook his head. “Just a feeling,” he admitted.
Before Nero could respond, the convoy stopped a small distance in front of the gate.
“Greetings, emperor Nero!” the boy cried out cheerfully. “Let us not stand on ceremony! We
have with us some of the best wine that can be procured and delicacies from all over! Let’s
break bread and share a drink first!”
The emperor frowned slightly. “A most tempting offer, and a generous one,” Nero called
back. “However, I have made it a habit as of late to know the identities of those I eat with.
You already know of my illustrious name, so I must ask for yours.”
The boy grinned in turn, seemingly undaunted by the request as he puffed out his chest. “I am
Alexander!” he declared. “The king of Macedonia, and he who would conquer the whole
world until I reach Okeanos! With me is my most loyal retainer, Waver Velvet!” At the
mention of his name, the suited man – Waver – bowed respectfully before returning to
observing everyone for any and all details.
Meanwhile, as Nero frowned beside him, Ren started. Wait, Alexander? King of Macedonia?
In short, this boy was the legendary Alexander the Great? He knew Servants were probably
far different from their portrayals he had studied in class, but this was almost as big a stretch
as learning that King Arthur was a girl. However, as proud as Alexander’s boasting was, he
could tell there wasn’t a single falsehood in his declaration.
His retainer, however… As much as Ren racked his brain, he couldn’t remember anything in
history about a ‘Waver Velvet’. In some ways, that made him just as dangerous as Alexander

– unlike the young king, he had literally no knowledge of how competent he was or what he
specialized in. All he knew for certain was that if the king was bringing him and even
introduced him, he had to be remarkable in some way. And with the way he had been
observing them… perhaps he was the strategist?
Meanwhile, Ren’s shock hadn’t gone unnoticed by Nero who glanced over at him. “I
presume you have heard of their names?” she quietly asked.
Ren frowned. “Not his retainer, Waver Velvet,” he admitted. “However, Alexander himself is
pretty well known to me. He’s not going to be an easy opponent.”
The emperor frowned in consideration. “Is he trustworthy?” she asked.
That was a harder question. He stared hard at the convoy, at the still beaming king and his
more modern retainer, as well as the other chariot laden with wine and food. He took a deep
breath, then answered. “I think we should be fine,” he said. “Alexander follows a lot of Greek
customs, which include sacred hospitality. So long as we don’t try anything, there shouldn’t
be any problems.”
“If that is the case, I’ve already violated several rules of hospitality,” Nero muttered. “But we
are at war – some exceptions must be made.”
“I’m sure he understands that,” Ren reassured her quietly.
Nero frowned slightly, then raised her voice once more. “Then enter and be welcome,
Alexander!” she cried out. “Though we may be foes, let us carouse and speak our minds at
the table! I warn you, however, I have high standards for both wine and delicacies!”
Alexander laughed, the sound clear as a bell and mirthful. “I would be worried if it were
otherwise!” he replied cheerfully. “You shall not be disappointed, emperor Nero!”
The emperor nodded, then turned to the soldiers near the gatehouse. “Open the gate!” she
cried. As the soldiers rushed to follow her orders, she turned back to Ren. “Centurion, attend
me,” she commanded. “Your knowledge and observational skills will be key to this
discussion, and your powers will also ensure nothing will go awry-“ She stopped as she
noticed something. “It seems your… accessory is flashing, centurion,” she noted, pointing at
his communicator.
Ren blinked as he brought it up. He had been so busy thinking that he didn’t notice. “Yeah,
looks like I have a call to take,” he replied. “I’ll deal with this, then meet you at the
governor’s house.”
Nero nodded. “Do what you must, centurion,” she agreed. With that, she walked off, flanked
by her officers as Ren moved to a quieter corner and turned on the communicator, displaying
Roman’s holographic face. “Hey Roman,” he greeted. “I’m guessing you got news?”
“Not quite news, but definitely information,” the doctor clarified. “I’m sorry but did
Alexander introduce his retainer as ‘Waver Velvet’?’

“He did,” Ren confirmed. “I’m guessing you know the name?”
“Know the-“ Roman spluttered before he regained his composure. “Waver Velvet, also known
as El-Melloi II, is one of the lords of the Clock Tower,” he explained seriously. “While his
own magical ability is not the greatest, he specializes greatly in magical theory. Many in the
Clock Tower attribute the increase in higher quality magi to his teachings.”
Ren blinked in surprise at the information. “So… he’s an extremely well known,
knowledgeable magus,” he slowly summed up. “Is that enough for him to be a Servant?”
“It shouldn’t be!” Roman denied. “It’s a very long story but to put it simply, no modern
human should be able to reach the Throne of Heroes! If there is, there’s probably some
incredibly specific circumstance for them to get in, which I don’t think El-Melloi II has!”
---------Somewhere over the Mediterranean, Archer sneezed.
---------The Phantom Thief blinked again. “Wait, so if he can’t be a Servant,” he said. “Then what is
he?”
The doctor bit his lip. “I’m not sure,” he replied. “I’ll have to get some readings and ask
around but for now, just be careful!” With that, Roman cut off the communication, leaving
Ren to sigh. He began walking toward the governor’s house, feeling uneasy but determined
nevertheless.
The complications never seem to end.

Chapter End Notes

If you'd like more information on the story and the background lore, join the Discord!
There's far more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/Y9eTgqWK

Chapter 77: Banquet
Chapter Summary

A dinner with royalty.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Please contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It wasn’t long before everything was in full swing. The cooks took the food and wine from
the URE convoy and, after thoroughly checking they weren’t poisoned or tainted in some
manner, began cooking with gusto – under close supervision of a superior officer to make
sure they didn’t try to gorge themselves on the delicacies and liquor. While the soldiers were
normally disciplined, it was better safe than sorry.
Nero and Legate Asisculus were in the dining hall, as well as Alexander and Waver. The
lower ranked officers and soldiers were furtively given orders to continue strengthening and
preparing what they could, as well as keeping an eye on the URE forces and making sure
they didn’t push while they were all distracted. The URE soldiers that came with the convoy
were closely watched in case any of them made any sudden movements, but aside from
offloading their chariot and standing by, they didn’t do anything else.
That was about what Ren expected – there weren’t any URE officers around giving them
orders directly, so they had no reason to do anything beyond what was ordered already.
Regardless, the Roman soldiers were uneasy and thus unwilling to leave them alone. As long
as neither side caused a fuss, it shouldn’t be a problem, however.
As Ren made his way to the governor’s house, he mentally contacted Loki and explained the
situation about Waver Velvet. “Got any ideas what’s going on?” he asked.
Loki was silent for a moment as they considered. “The doctor is right,” the trickster god
agreed. “There’s no way for a modern human to become a Servant. Most likely it’s a pseudoServant like me. However… I’m not aware of any legends about a ‘Waver Velvet’. If it’s not a
pseudonym then most likely the heroic spirit within has ceded control to its host.”

Ren blinked in surprise at the answer. “They can do that?” he asked incredulously. Granted,
his only experience with pseudo-Servants was with Loki and there was still much he didn’t
know, but that bit of information caught him off guard. Still, it gave him a tiny bit more to
work with, albeit not much – it’s a heroic spirit who was willing to cede control to their host,
meaning they were either humble or lackadaisical enough to do so. There could be a few
other reasons, of course, but those were the most likely ones.
“If you’re wondering, I won’t cede control to my host,” Loki drawled, catching Ren’s
attention from his contemplation. “I have no desire to, nor do I think my host will be most
amused about the circumstances he’ll find himself in regardless.” He could practically hear
the Avenger smirking through his mocking tone. “A shame – you just found out your friend is
actually here and yet they’re still impossibly distant from you. My condolences.”
The Phantom Thief sighed aridly in irritation. “I wasn’t going to ask you to,” he snapped, his
patience for the Avenger exhausted. “You’re Loki and Akechi is Akechi. I’m not about to
interfere with something that fundamental simply because I want to. Now, meet me at the
governor’s house. I doubt things will go bad but better safe than sorry.”
Ren felt something akin to a sarcastic agreement from the trickster god before the mental
communication was cut off, leaving him to his own thoughts. He had to sigh once more. As
much as he hated to admit it, Loki was right – he had thought of Loki ceding control to
Akechi for even just a bit. They could converse, catch up, and perhaps put their regrets
behind them. Perhaps they could even fight alongside each other – Akechi’s adaptability,
intelligence, and ferocity weren’t to be underestimated, after all.
But how long would that take? Did they have the time or common ground to do so? Would
Akechi even be receptive at all? The last time they truly encountered one another was back
on Shido’s Palace, after he had sacrificed himself dealing with his cognitive self and an army
of shadows. The Akechi he fought alongside in Maruki’s world was… both him and not him.
An accurate cognitive facsimile down to his rage, formed by the doctor as a way to have Ren
agree with his ideals. But ultimately, it wasn’t Akechi.
No, Goro Akechi was gone. He thought he accepted that, but Loki unwillingly dragged that
wish back out of him again. Again, he could only sigh. It seemed he still had a long way to
go.
Still, he had to wonder: what would happen if his other friends had been summoned? Loki
took Akechi as a host because of their connection – Akechi’s true persona was Loki, after all.
What would happen if Captain Kidd or Sun Wukong were summoned with Ryuji as a host?
Or Carmen or Hecate with Ann? Would he have remained as calm then? Would he have
accepted that it wasn’t them so easily? In the end, what would he have done?
He shook his head to clear his mind. No. This wasn’t the time to get caught in ‘what-ifs’. If it
did happen, he’d deal with it, one way or another. For now, there was yet another front of the
battlefield that awaited him, and his allies needed his support. Just like old times.
And thus, he sat in the dining hall beside Nero. Loki stood guard nearby, looking rather
disinterested. Alexander and Waver sat across from them, the former almost bouncing in his
seat and the latter calm and impassive. Once introductions were finished, the former talked

garrulously with Nero about his past conquest and the lands he had seen. Waver himself
merely kept quiet. However, though he looked impassive, he certainly seemed more tired and
strained than Ren expected. Asisculus sat on the other side of Nero, also keeping quiet from
the conversation.
Although he didn’t see her, he had no doubt Jing Ke also lurked nearby as well. It would’ve
been ideal for her to move in and strike down both Alexander and Waver, well away from
their forces and isolated. However, to do so would be violating the rules of hospitality, which
would taint Nero’s name and reputation – something they couldn’t afford if they wanted both
the Roman army to remain loyal and for the URE to remain as civil as they could.
“There’s probably something else at play,” Loki noted.
Ren blinked. Without turning or showing anything on his face, he asked, “Am I that easy to
read? And what do you mean?”
Loki scoffed. “I merely followed your chain of thought and answered,” they replied without a
change in their disinterested expression. “If that Waver Velvet is such a huge deal at the
Clock Tower, then I have no doubt he has some mysteries at play to detect any oncoming
attacks, especially if he willingly entered enemy territory. Assassin’s probably also playing it
safe.”
The Phantom Thief frowned inwardly. “You think he’s a Caster, then?” he murmured.
He almost felt the mental shrug from the trickster god. “Who can say?” they replied. The
answer almost caused Ren to sigh. The observation was a lot of help and no help at all at the
same time.
“So, Alexander, for what reason do you face off against us?” Nero asked as soldiers came in
with their dishes – a spread that was definitely far more decadent than anything they had in a
while, even when Ren privately dined with Nero the other night. Alexander certainly wasn’t
lying when he said he brought forth a large amount of delicacies to share. Even he had to
prevent himself from drooling.
Then he looked back across the table at the young conqueror and his retainer, and his appetite
immediately receded. He needed to focus. Even Ryuji would know that this wouldn’t be the
right time to ogle at the food.
Alexander beamed. “Why, is it not obvious?” he asked. “I wish to conquer and push forward
to the lands beyond, until I reach Okeanos – and even then, beyond! To witness new lands,
bring in new comrades and allies, and unite them all under one banner and one dream!” His
words were said with such an innocent yet powerful conviction that Ren almost felt himself
swayed by them before coming to his senses.
Nero nodded contemplatively. “In that case, I presume my empire is another matter to
conquer for you then?” she asked, grabbing a grape and popping it into her mouth. Ren
glanced over at the emperor, noting how impassive she looked. Normally she was far more
boisterous and would easily match Alexander’s enthusiasm, but it was clear that something
had annoyed her.

The young conqueror seemed to have picked up on her displeasure as well. “Not ‘merely’
another matter!” he boomed. “The Roman Empire is known throughout the world! Its power,
its architecture, its conquests, everything! There is no more worthy opponent for my
conquest, and it is a genuine honor to fight against you and yours, emperor Nero!”
The emperor grinned broadly. “I’m glad you understand the weight of your opponent,
Alexander!” she declared. “I’ll admit, I had thought you were making light of my empire, but
it is good to hear, nevertheless.”
Alexander laughed. “Ha! Undervaluing my opponents is the last mistake I wish to make!” he
replied with a broad grin. “But come, I propose a toast!” He took the goblet and stood,
holding it aloft. Everyone else followed suit. “To conquests and ventures, new and old!” he
roared. “May the flames of our dreams ever shine brightly, and their roar reach all four
corners of the world!”
“Hear hear,” Asisculus agreed - much to Ren’s surprise – and they all drank. Ren had taken
his own goblet and stared at the dark liquid within. Frankly, he had been hoping he could go
his entire life without drinking whatsoever but it seemed like he didn’t have much of a choice
here. He pondered for a brief second if he could pantomime drinking but decided against it. If
someone noticed, it would put them in a sticky situation.
With that, he drank, letting only a trickle of the liquid past his lips. It met his tongue – and he
had to resist the urge to recoil. It tasted like some weird combination of sweet and sour,
combined with that sharp acrid taste of… alcohol. It definitely had to be the alcohol he was
tasting. If he remembered corrently, wine typically had a pretty low alcohol content, yet just
this much tasted disgusting. How the hell did Ohya and Jing Ke just knock this stuff back
without any issues?
He could only take a few sips before lowering the cup, mastering his expression as best he
could – and noticed everyone staring at him. “Is it not to your taste?” Alexander asked in
bemused curiosity. “This was the finest vintage I could find.”
“It is not an insult,” Nero immediately jumped in before Ren could say anything. “My
centurion merely has a distaste of liquor. I, however, must commend you on your selection,
Alexander – it has been a long while since my palate was so tickled.”
Alexander looked between Nero and Ren, then burst out laughing as he sat back down. “A
distaste for liquor?” he boomed. “This is the first I’ve heard of a man who doesn’t like a good
drink, but the world is a vast place! I am glad to hear that it pleases you, regardless! Please,
have more, for the night is still young!”
Ren breathed a silent sigh of relief. What she did was something Yoshida taught him some
time ago – defuse the situation, then follow it up with a relevant compliment to soothe over
any possibility of damaged egos. It didn’t entirely fix things, but it was clear Alexander was
willing to let it slide for now as everyone took their seats once more. There were more
important things on hand to deal with right now anyway.
Like the fact that Waver was staring at him. “I didn’t expect to see someone from the modern
era here,” he commented. “You aren’t a Servant, yet you are here at this table. And there is

another Servant here that is unknown to me.” So saying, he glanced at Loki, who merely shot
him a sardonic smirk but otherwise said nothing. “This leads to the obvious conclusion that
you are a Master, are you not?”
Well, that was pretty direct. He further remembered his lessons from Yoshida when it came to
speech: Tell them what was necessary, no more, no less. And remember if they wished to
play games, then play along – and once he knew the rules, see what advantage or information
he could glean and work from there. Ren smiled and opened his arms. “You caught me,” he
replied casually. “I am a Master, working with the Chaldea Security Organization. Glad to
make your acquaintance, Waver. Or should I call you Lord El-Melloi II?”
Waver narrowed his eyes at being addressed by his title. However, Ren noticed he seemed
more confused by the title of Chaldea Security Organization than recognizing it. Interesting.
Was it that secretive that he didn’t know anything about it? Or was there something else at
play? Regardless, it seemed that whatever chain of thought the man originally had was
disturbed. Most likely he was thinking Ren was some sort of magus. Not wrong, but far from
the full story.
Still, he had to be careful. No doubt the man would be trying to decipher his magecraft now
that he knew. Whether he’d be able to even make heads or tails of personas was something he
didn’t want to risk quite yet. And frankly, if what Roman told him was true, Waver was
incredibly intelligent and perceptive. He couldn’t let his guard down.
The dinner proceeded apace as they ate and discussed, with Nero describing the glories of the
Roman empire (though being careful about giving Alexander any information he could
exploit about their military), and Alexander in turn describing the lands he saw and his
conquests. They talked so much that frankly, it was difficult for Ren, Waver, or Asisculus to
really get a word in. That suited Ren just fine – as he ate, he preferred to just observe and
listen. However, he noticed Waver once more staring at him – no, not at him.
Then he glanced over at the bottle of water he had on the table in place of his wine. Wait, was
he-?
“I must admit to some curiosity, emperor Nero,” Alexander said as he chewed on some beef.
“I have heard many stories about you. Many of them rather unflattering.”
Nero nodded, her expression casual as she took yet another sip of her wine. “I would not be
surprised,” she admitted. “One of my station has no small number of enemies above and
below, all with their own grievances and criticisms, be they valid or not.” She eyed the young
conqueror over her cup. “For what reason do you bring this up, Alexander?”
Alexander chewed thoughtfully for a second, then swallowed. “I was wondering – you have
all these resources still at your fingertips, yes?” he inquired. “That is your prerogative as an
emperor. I have been briefed on what had happened with your campaign, including your
many losses and even weathering a possible attack on Rome.”
With each word or statement, Ren could only glance at Nero fearfully. Though she still
remained as neutral, even blasé about it, he could tell she was getting steadily more annoyed
at the inquiry. Both Asisculus and Waver seemed on guard too and he could hear Loki shift

slightly behind him. A lot could happen within the next few seconds depending on what
Alexander said. At least they held the advantage here but still, would it be enough?
If the young conqueror noticed the tension in the air, he didn’t show it, picking up a chicken
leg and munching on it. “So, with all your resources, why do you not focus them on
yourself?” he asked, genuinely curious. “If you are to lose regardless, then you can at least
enjoy your own decadence as you will, right? As an emperor, I would have no doubt you
would receive good treatment from the United Roman Empire. So, why didn’t you?”
Nero didn’t immediately answer the rather pointed question. The air was incredibly tense as
everyone waited for the emperor’s reaction. Ren felt his circuits warm up as he prepared a
persona as his hand reached down towards the pistol Chaldean Arms. He had one on hand
that, while it may not defeat them, would at least give them a lot of space to retreat and
regroup if necessary. He saw Waver glance over, most likely noticing him activating his
circuits, but it couldn’t be helped at this point.
Instead, the emperor nodded pensively. “What you say is true, Alexander,” she replied
slowly. “I could easily have consolidated all my resources and simply wasted it all on myself.
After all, as emperor, who would dare criticize me or tell me it was wrong? Especially when
everything I’ve done was for naught and my defeat was inevitable.”
She looked up, her green eyes strong and clear. “But this is my empire and my people,” she
declared. “These are my treasures that I value and hold dear to my heart, as glorious as I am!
To neglect all that simply because of repeated defeats, to throw all that away simply to
indulge myself would be discarding what I value the most! No, even if my possessiveness
becomes abhorrent to witness, I will still hold onto what I have with all my might! That is my
prerogative as emperor Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus!”
At the declaration, all of them were struck dumb for a second. The first to break it was
Alexander clapping his hands as he laughed delightedly. “A wonderful response!” he
declared. “No less than what I expect for the emperor of the Roman empire, with all its glory
and power! I truly commend you, Nero, and I am truly glad to have met you!”
Alexander grinned as everyone relaxed, the tension in the room fading away. Ren’s circuits
cooled off as he took his hand off the pistol, taking his bottle of water and wetting his throat.
“Then a proposal,” the young conqueror said. “What say you join me? You would be a
gallant ally to fight alongside, and together we would create an empire that would encompass
the whole world, and perhaps even beyond! Your treasures would expand a thousandfold!”
That nearly caused Ren to choke on his water as Waver rolled his eyes exasperatedly. Nero
instead smiled and shook her head. “I thank you for the offer, but I must decline,” she replied.
“This empire is my own, and I will not give it up for anyone, nor would I take any station less
than that of an emperor. I’m sure you would understand if I offered you a place as a general
in the Roman empire.”
The young conqueror blinked, then laughed again. “A fair point,” he acceded. “Then it seems
we shall be fighting in the end, then. I am happy, though, my opponent is so worthy. Come –
another toast!” He stood up once more, holding up his cup. “To victory!” he roared.

Nero grinned. “To victory!” she agreed before downing her cup.
Ren smiled, drank his wine – and once more recoiled at the taste. Yep, he’ll never understand
Ohya or Jing Ke.
----------“Ah, that was a good time!” Alexander exclaimed, stretching.
“It was quite productive,” Waver agreed as he watched his young liege beam happily. The
two of them had finished up with the banquet and returned to their army. They had set up
camp some distance away behind a ridge, far from any arrows or siege weapons the Roman
army could possibly field. With a large number of officers commanding the vast numbers of
artificial soldiers, there simply was no way for the Romans to properly retaliate.
Combined with their backs towards the United Roman Empire capital to assure a good stream
of supplies solely for the officers, and frankly conditions could hardly be more ideal for a
siege.
“What’s your take on all of them, Waver?” the young conqueror asked curiously as he started
performing stretches.
Waver rolled his eyes in exasperation and slight amusement. Alexander was never the one to
stay still, no matter what. Still, he was his king, be it young or old. Growing serious, he
thought back. “I have also heard of many tales about Nero,” Waver mused. “She was known
as a decadent tyrant who constantly squandered her empire’s resources and finances for her
own whims. Small wonder in the end she was betrayed and, in the end, committed suicide.
However, the Nero they had dined with was a far cry from the tyrant they had expected to
come across. The strength of will and personality reminded Waver heavily of that of
Alexander – no, of his older, more experienced self, Iskandar. An emperor who dearly loved
herself as much as she loved her people and vice versa, and would sooner die than yield. Was
it selfishness to the utmost? Most likely, but then so was for him and Alexander. Despite
everything, he left that banquet with a new respect for the emperor, one he hadn’t expected
whatsoever. Quite honestly, he had thought it would be an easy campaign but now, he had
doubts.
“Well, I’m sure you already have a plan or three thought up, right?” Alexander commented
easily with a shrug. “With you by my side, I’m sure victory will be assured.”
Waver sighed exasperatedly. Nevertheless, he bowed to the young conqueror. “Your will, my
hands, my liege,” he intoned. “I do have a few plans in motion right now. It won’t be long
before they bear fruit. The city will be captured by us in the end, without a doubt.”
Alexander beamed. “I have absolutely no doubt!” he stated confidently. “Now then, I believe
I will treat the officers to some of the wine. We have a spare barrel and they’ve done a
splendid job getting everything set up. Will you join me?”

The Caster smiled and shook his head. “Unfortunately, I wish to review the information we
have gleaned in the meeting, as well as from the scouts. I will brief you once I have a
concrete picture, and then we can decide where to go from there. Will that be serviceable?”
The young conqueror sighed in frustration. “You work far too hard, Waver!” he complained.
“Your skills are without a doubt indispensable, but you must learn to relax!”
Waver smiled. Alexander’s complaints brought back memories of Iskandar telling him he
needed to relax whenever he had been particularly high strung. The Rider was without a
doubt his liege. “I believe once the city has been captured, we will be at far better liberty to
relax,” he argued calmly. “Please do not worry – I simply wish to review the information. I
will formulate a strategy tomorrow. Will that suffice?”
The Rider glared at Waver, then sighed. “I give up,” he replied, grinning back up at him. “Do
whatever you feel is best, my retainer. I have nothing but the utmost confidence in you. Have
yourself a good evening, then.” With that, he strode out of the command tent.
“A good evening to you too, my liege,” Waver murmured as he watched him leave. Once he
left, he sighed to himself as he took out small wooden pieces and began lining them on the
map, focusing on what he saw as he approached and entered the city. He quietly considered
the strengths of the Roman army.
The Servants were the most obvious threat. Scouts had reported Lu Bu over to the north,
likely there to prevent them from fully surrounding the city. There was another Servant on
top of the walls. One he couldn’t identify off the top of his head, though she did look familiar
somewhat. There was also the Servant that was standing guard at the banquet. As
disinterested as she seemed about the whole affair, the Caster noted that she had been ready
to move at a moment’s notice. The Assassin he didn’t see, but he didn’t expect to.
All told, four Servants. Not quite enough to counterbalance the sheer number disparity
between the Alexander’s army and the Roman forces, but enough to make things incredibly
difficult if they didn’t take this seriously.
Not to mention, he had received news that Caesar had fallen in Gaul and the southern isles
had been retaken, with Caligula missing – presumed dead. If that was the case, at minimum
Boudica and Spartacus would likely be coming from the north to rendezvous with the Roman
army and control of the sea would quickly put the squeeze on any reinforcements and
resupply.
In short, they had a time limit. If they didn’t capture Masila in a matter of days, then they
would be pincered and the most they could hope for was a pyrrhic victory.
Then there was the Master – Ren Amamiya. Theoretically if he was dealt with, then the
Roman empire would fall like a house of cards. It was certainly reminiscent of the Grail War.
A Servant relied on their Master to root their existences to the world, after all. Without them,
the Servants that accompanied him would dissipate. How many would disappear? He wasn’t
sure, but it would most likely be devastating to the Roman forces.

But there was something at work here. Amamiya had addressed him as Lord El-Melloi II
despite his liege never introducing him by such a name. There were a number of reasons he
would know of that title. The most obvious reason was that he was a magus of the Clock
Tower. He was aware that he was well-known among the magi there, especially the younger
ones (to his consternation – apparently, he won some sort of vote of ‘teacher they would most
like to sleep with’). Ren would certainly be in the age range to know of him by reputation
and sight.
But there was that niggling feeling that something was missing. Asians weren’t common in
the Clock Tower – not surprising given the magi there see Asian countries as some sort of
backwater – so at the very least he likely would’ve heard of the name while teaching. A
foreign name like Ren Amamiya wouldn’t have escaped his notice. Hell, he would’ve
personally met him to see if he knew much about anime or video games over there. Perhaps
he would’ve known for sure if he saw Amamiya’s magecraft, but the Master had been very
careful not to utilize it throughout the entire meeting.
A cautious magus, especially in front of a Lord. Well, it was clear that Amamiya at least had
a brain on him, unlike his younger days where he absolutely would’ve flaunted something in
front of his superiors. That would make things more difficult.
Not to mention, there was the Chaldea Security Organization… he had never heard of such
an organization before. It was a given that magi kept many secrets to themselves, but as a
Lord, he had eyes and ears in many more places than most common magi. And considering
everything he had noticed and seen thus far, frankly, there was no way he wouldn’t have at
least heard of them.
He listed the facts in his mind. Just from what he saw, this Chaldea Security Organization had
the capability to 1) transport a person to a different time entirely, 2) to a pinpointed
singularity as opposed to the myriad of other branching timelines, and 3) be able to monitor
and maintain the Master, his Servants, and anchor their existences both in their actual time
and in this singularity as well. Such a feat would require a vast number of resources,
manpower, and knowledge, both technical and magical –enough that he should’ve at least
heard of it.
So that circled back to his first question: Why hadn’t he heard of them? The only conclusion
he could think of was that this Chaldea Security Organization didn’t exist in his timeline.
Most likely, it existed in some other timeline and he coincidentally was summoned here from
yet another one. It all sounded ridiculous, but he learned long ago to simply accept things as
either ‘probable’ or ‘improbable’ and work from there.
With a sigh, Waver took one last glance at the map before stepping out of the tent himself.
Taking out a cigarette holder, he opened and plucked one out before popping it in his mouth.
Reciting a small aria, a small flame emitted from his index finger, which he used to light the
cigarette. Taking a long drag, he breathed out a long stream of smoke, watching it curl into
the air before finally disappearing. A small benefit of being a Servant: his cigarettes always
seemed to refill when he wanted them to. A damn shame they weren’t his usual cigars, but
beggars couldn’t be choosers.

He stepped back slightly as some of the Grail-created Roman soldiers marched by. It was
certainly a unique circumstance he had found himself in. He knew he didn’t qualify as a
heroic spirit by any stretch of the imagination and never would. Instead, his body was used to
house an actually worthy heroic spirit. And even more peculiar, said heroic spirit was more
than happy to cede full control to Waver, allowing him full access to not only his Taoist
magecraft but also to his peerless strategic prowess as well.
What Zhuge Liang wanted or planned was honestly beyond him. However, the strategist
seemed content with letting him do as he pleased for now, so he would have to take full
advantage of it.
And speaking of strategic prowess, one of the Roman soldiers, designated as a scout, rushed
up to him. Handing Waver a small scroll, it saluted and ran off. Before they had properly
even arrived, he already had begun moving everything in place. It wouldn’t entirely be the
glorious victory Alexander precisely wanted, but the young conqueror understood and more
importantly, trusted Waver. If everything went well, then the defenses would practically
collapse in on itself with only some prodding on his part.
Roman or not, they were only human. And humans often had their limits.
Unraveling the scroll, he read the newest fruit of his plan: information about the defenders,
and in this case, the Master Ren Amamiya, including how he captured the city and helped
with the defenses. The more he read, the higher his eyebrows raised as he puffed on his
cigarette. So that was Amamiya’s magecraft.
Interesting indeed…

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/YBv9QUNN

Chapter 78: Siege
Chapter Summary

Things become complicated.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Please contribute!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“INCOMING!”
Ren glanced up at the shout as another cluster of burning jars crashed down into the city,
spreading green flames. Thankfully no soldiers had been posted there this time and all the
flames could consume were buildings. The nearby soldiers winced and made distance as Ren
raced toward the flames on Cerberus, the lion weaving and leaping past rubble and corpses in
the city. He dismounted when he got close to the fire and switched masks once more.
“Lachesis!”
The Measurer of the Thread sprang forth once more into being. With a gesture from her, ice
erupted from the surfaces, quickly suffocating and extinguishing the flames before they could
spread. The fast response meant that the buildings only suffered some scorch marks. Repairs
would be needed but they were at least still structurally sound and weren’t about to collapse
anytime soon. Ren sighed with relief, wiping away some of the sweat that accumulated on his
brow as he felt his circuits burning throughout his body.
The attack had begun early in the morning, heralded by a swarm of flaming arrows that
thudded down into the buildings in an attempt to set everything on fire. It was quickly
followed by a hail of normal arrows soaring through the night sky. Thanks to the flaming
arrows destroying the soldiers’ night vision, they landed to devastating effect, cutting down
swathes of Roman soldiers as the unlit arrows found their mark. As the Romans desperately
returned fire, the onagers began tossing projectiles, starting with large stones that devastated
people and masonry alike.
More soldiers began surging forward, many of them laden with wheelbarrows filled with
wood and debris as they were escorted by soldiers holding shields aloft to ward off return

fire. They dumped their cargo into the ditch, filling it up, before retreating to grab more. The
Roman onagers within the city fired back with their own ammo – stones made from
dismantled structures within the city – but while they slew dozens of URE soldiers, as
expected, they didn’t even so much as flinch or hesitate.
However, the soldiers were acting differently than how they were in the past. Instead of
silently marching towards them, many of the soldiers were slamming their swords or spears
against their shields if they were able to. At first, the Romans thought it was an intimidation
tactic, and it certainly daunted many of the defenders on the walls. However, Ren was the
first to realize it served another purpose: They couldn’t hear the officers shouting over the
clamor, making it more difficult for them to pinpoint their location. Not to mention, the
distinctive decorative helmets and trappings were missing, making them even harder to find.
They had their confirmation when both Jing Ke and Loki reappeared to report to the emperor
and Ren. “I can’t find the officers,” she growled, looking uncharacteristically annoyed about
the whole situation. “Their shouts seem to keep getting distorted in my ears and there’s
nothing I can see that gives them away. Seems like the work of a Caster – probably that
Waver Velvet guy – but hunting them is a lot more difficult than I expected.”
“What she said,” Loki drawled in confirmation. “It’s like finding a needle in a haystack. Well,
more like finding hay in a needlestack at the rate this is going. It doesn’t help that as soon as
we get found out, the soldiers immediately turn around to attack us. They’re pretty
coordinated this time, I’ll fully admit.”
Nero frowned at the report as she considered her options. “Focus on dismantling their siege
engines then,” she ordered. “At the very least we need to minimize their capabilities of
destroying the city.”
With their new orders, the onagers and scorpions quickly started being destroyed or
dismantled. Yet even that was counteracted as more were erected with inhuman speed. The
Roman defenders could see the lumber and various other supplies being carried to the front,
and both Jing Ke and Loki were hard-pressed to stem the flow with the sheer concentration of
soldiers all around. Thus, while there was less damage from the siege engines, they continued
their attacks regardless.
As they expected, the URE proceeded to circle to the north in an attempt to surround them,
where Lu Bu was stationed. However, even this ran into its own difficulties: The detachment
was led by Alexander himself, riding a beautiful black horse. They had expected Alexander
to charge straight at the Berserker, given his boisterous attitude. Instead, he simply circled
around the man and did passing charges, swinging his blade and making only superficial
wounds. Each and every time, Lu Bu was hemmed and harried by Alexander’s literally
fearless troops, preventing him from retaliating or reacting properly. The Berserker’s
resulting roars of frustration shook even the city’s masonry.
On top of that, it became evident that the contingent’s aim wasn’t to surround the city – the
steady flow of soldiers combined with Alexander’s hit-and-run maneuvers on top of his steed
made it clear that it was simply to pin the Berserker so he couldn’t dive right into the front
lines and wreak havoc. Alexander, Waver, and the URE officers had accounted for Lu Bu’s
sheer strength and thus were dealing with him accordingly.

As Ren leaned against a wall after extinguishing yet another burst of flames from the onagers
to rest his burning body, he watched as a gaggle of exhausted soldiers shuffled past him. Yet
another factor they had to contend with was fatigue. It was now almost noon and the attack
hadn’t lightened up in the slightest. Exhaustion was setting in, disrupting the aim of the
archers and engineers and resulting in several casualties, with the flow of supplies to the
walls also slowing down. Joan had taken it upon herself to act as relief, taking over for
squadrons as they went to rest and recover or ferrying supplies singlehandedly, but it was
only a stopgap. She couldn’t be everywhere all at once, even as a Servant – less so as an
incarnated one.
Once more, the United Roman Empire soldiers held their distinct advantages: Tireless,
inexhaustible, they did not fear nor shirk their orders no matter what kind of command was
given. Combined with their sheer numbers and a competent command, and instead of an
army, it felt far more akin to fighting the very tide of the ocean. Morale among was quickly
breaking down despite Nero’s best efforts. Despite their overwhelming might, it was clear the
URE meant to capture the city, not destroy it. Otherwise, it would’ve been child’s play to
simply sweep them aside.
From the beginning, there had been no grand strategy to hold the city of Massilia. Their
supply lines were sparse as they needed to be brought in from the east or from ships now that
the seaward route had been secured. They severely lacked in manpower compared to the
URE. The only advantage they currently held were the fortifications of the city, but no more
than that. Right now, all they could do was wait until reinforcements from Gaul and the sea.
The combined power of all the Servants would be enough to turn the tide.
Unfortunately, that wouldn’t be for a few more days – and they hardly even started the first
one.
Another shout, another cluster of flaming pots, and another outburst of flames. Ren sighed as
he switched masks, summoned Cerberus once more, and raced over. He had already
discussed with Nero and her officers about Waver – particularly how the man could very well
figure out his magecraft and enact ways to counteract that. Either from his own magecraft or
some other method, he wasn’t sure, but it was a likely possibility. Thus, he was relegated to
the backlines and helped out however he could. The less they revealed to the enemy, the
better.
Still, he didn’t expect himself to be a one-man firefighter brigade. It was just as well – these
flames were proving to be inextinguishable by water, and grabbing enough dirt to extinguish
them took too much time and manpower, neither of which they could afford as the URE kept
up the attack. Having ice on hand to suppress them seemed to work well.
Reaching the site of more flames, Ren quickly summoned Lachesis and used her ice to quell
them – and his eyes once more widened at the sight of charred corpses. With a scowl, he
forced himself to turn away, forcing down the bile and nausea that climbed up his throat. It
was a small mercy that the stench of chemicals from the flames drowned out the smell of
burning flesh. He stepped away from the site, went around a corner and sat down against a
wall, bringing out a bottle of water to drink. His circuits throbbed from how often he had
been using them at this point, causing him to scowl.

This siege had been considerably different than the previous ones, which were relatively
quick and decisive. Especially the battle at the pass – they had been trying to hold a particular
point just like they were holding out in Massilia. However, the soldiers there simply marched
up to the walls, thrown in the meat grinder that was Joan, Lu Bu, and Tamamo’s spells. The
furthest complication was when Leonidas tried to flank them and strike them from behind.
And even then, it was clear that Leonidas hadn’t been trying hard to win.
Here, it was different. The scale was far, far larger. This time, Alexander and Waver were
seeking victory, humanity’s existence be damned. Outlasting them like in the pass wasn’t an
option, they couldn’t easily assassinate the officers like they had with previous encounters,
and the battle would last far longer than any of them wanted, which played into the URE’s
strengths entirely.
He sighed. He thought he was used to war or seeing corpses, especially after Orleans, but
some things were harder than others to adjust to.
“Are you hurt, centurion?”
Ren glanced up as Nero walked up to him. She looked more exhausted and disheveled than
usual, her golden armor dented in a few places from arrows, but her green eyes still remained
clear and determined. He had to chuckle to himself at her strength. She was quite a woman.
In response, he shook his head. “No, not hurt,” he reassured her. “Just needed a moment to
catch my breath.” He slowly stood him, wincing slightly as his body protested the movement.
“What about you?” he asked. “I’m guessing things could be better?”
The emperor nodded grimly. “As well as it can be, but as you say, it could be better,” she
agreed. “I have to thank you for quelling those flames so the men can focus on the battle.”
Ren shrugged. “Just doing what I can,” he easily replied. “How many of those things do you
think they have anyway?”
Nero frowned. “Jing Ke wasn’t able to approach close enough to the camp to check on their
supplies,” she replied. “However, I have no doubt that they brought more than enough to
level the city if necessary. While I’m thankful that is not their aim, it is only cold comfort.”
Before Ren could respond, yet another cluster of flaming pots flew over the walls and
crashed within the city some distance away. “I’m guessing you prefer the cold comfort
compared to those flames though,” Ren quipped with a tired smile as he summoned Cerberus,
once more mounting the persona.
Nero reflexively recoiled from the presence of the hound (or rather a lion) of the Underworld
before collecting herself with a chuckle. “While I do enjoy the warmth, I prefer the fire to be
from a hearth,” she quipped back. “I’ll inform Jing Ke to prioritize dealing with onagers that
are launching the pots of fire.”
“That’d be great,” Ren replied gratefully. “Take care of yourself, Nero!”

“You as well, Ren,” Nero responded. She watched as the centurion ran off once more to deal
with the flames and smiled to herself. As desperate as the situation was, she was happy for
dependable allies – with Ren being perhaps the most dependable out of all of them.
“IMPERATOR, INCOMING!”
Shocked out of her reverie, Nero glanced up to see a large stone falling towards her. With a
blink, she stepped aside as it thudded beside her, raising a small dust cloud. Brushing herself
off, she glanced at the rock as she roared, “Take this stone and load it onto an onager! A gift
so thoughtfully received must be returned a thousandfold!”
As the soldiers around her chorused their acknowledgement, she marched off to survey
another area. There was much that had to be done, and much she could do. This battle was far
from over. But one thing was clear.
If reinforcements didn’t arrive in time, they were doomed.
Da Vinci walked through the halls of Chaldea, humming a soft tune to herself. The hall was
empty save for her as people either worked at their stations, rested in their rooms or another
facility, or ate at the cafeteria. Apparently there was a demand for Ren’s curry and coffee, but
given he was still in the singularity, everyone had to get by.
She couldn’t help but laugh as she saw the pile of complaints on Roman’s and her desk as a
result. That ragazzo has Chaldea wrapped around his little finger with his cooking already!
Ah, he and the gatto have already taken the place by storm in the short time they’ve been
here. It hadn’t been all smooth sailing, of course, but it would have been boring if it was.
Frankly, despite everything that had happened, she vastly preferred Chaldea now than before.
Her ever-present smile faded a bit as she thought back. Marisbury, Team A, Olga, the
countless magi that composed the majority of Chaldea’s staffing…
Mash…
She breathed a quiet sigh. As much as she hated it, she and Roman were privy to a great deal
of Chaldea’s secrets by necessity, many of which she despised. But nevertheless, she stayed
in Chaldea, partly as damage control, partly because she actually did end up liking a good
amount of people here, especially Mash and Roman. And her other reasons?
Well, a genius like herself was entitled to keep those nice and secret, no?
One of Chaldea’s robots rolled by quietly. Glancing at it, she smiled and gave it a pat as it
passed her. The robots had been added as a necessity to help deal with the facility’s logistics,
be it for cooking, janitorial work, and more. It certainly raised the quality of life for the staff.
She had even taken a few models aside to tinker with in her spare time, making them more
efficient or even able to play holograms. She hadn’t told anyone yet they could do the latter –
she preferred to leave it as a surprise. She just needed to find a good time for it…

Popping by the cafeteria, she stepped back into the kitchen, waving off the robot who tried to
request her order as she approached the coffee machines. Glancing over, she smiled at the
recipe taped up to the wall. The ragazzo had left that recipe for Roman to emulate. It was
simple enough of a recipe to follow, yet the good doctor struggled with it. Perhaps it was by
following the recipe exactly? Cooking had always been an art, not a science, and perhaps he
just didn’t have that touch? A genius herself could probably make it in a snap, and even teach
Roman to do it too.
Ah, but where was the fun in that? The discovery, the innovation, that moment when one bore
witness to one’s own efforts bear fruit? No, she would not deprive Roman of that. Her spirit
as an artist, inventor, and so much more would never allow it. If he asked for help, then
perhaps she could give him a hint or two. But until then, she would leave him to it.
Besides, she often was a taste tester, and as horrid as some of his attempts were, it was also
an excuse for them to spend time and chat together. All in all, it was a win-win situation for
her and for Roman too. Whether he’d actually admit to it, she was still awaiting the answer.
She knew what it was, but it was more satisfying to hear from him. She could wait. Geniuses
did have their patience after all.
Even if it did wear thin at times.
Once she had the coffee brewed, she took the steaming mugs and carried them through the
hallways. Now that she thought about it, there was a design she wanted to revisit. A pity her
hands were full or she could take a look at them as she walked. Oh, but what if she had a
small mechanical hand that could hold it for her? Maybe even have it attached to a small
pouch so she could carry more things? Now her brain was putting together yet another
design. It would be a very simple project, but it would be an entertaining one and practical to
boot! Well, for her at least.
Making her way through the halls, it wasn’t long before she came to the command center.
Most of the staff were at their stations taking care of various tasks such as verifying the
existences of the Masters and Servants, research, reconnaissance, and more (Da Vinci thought
she saw one person playing Galaga but considering the man’s work was getting done, she
opted not to say anything). As usual, Roman was at the command table, concentrating on the
screens and looking even more stressed than usual.
“Do I need Artoria to cover for you, Romani?” she asked exasperatedly as she placed the
mug of coffee beside him, causing the doctor to jump about five feet in the air from being
startled. “I understand it’s a tense situation right now but fretting to this degree will only slow
down your thoughts.”
She glanced over his shoulder at the screen, looked at the readings, and frowned. “Though I
will admit your tension is warranted,” she admitted with a murmur as she took a sip of her
coffee.
Roman blinked in surprise, trying to reel in his spiked heart rate from the shock Da Vinci
gave him before chuckling. “Sorry, can’t help but worry a lot at times,” he replied, smiling
weakly. “Or all the time, rather.”

He could only sigh as he ran a hand through his orange hair. “Lord El-Melloi II,” he
muttered. “How on earth is he here? I’m fairly certain he wouldn’t qualify as a Servant but
even if he’s a pseudo, who’s he a pseudo for?”
“Perhaps a strategist?” Da Vinci suggested, looking at the map and readings. “Alexander is
an excellent commander, but the subtler tactics such as disguising his officers as well as
creating noise to hide their verbal orders do not seem to be his specialty if I recall from his
campaigns. I could be mistaken though.” However, even as she said it, they knew it didn’t
narrow things down much. There were plenty of famous commanders and generals
throughout history. Trying to find out which heroic spirit was summoned through such vague
methods was an exercise in frustration, to put it mildly.
The doctor frowned. “That’s probably the case,” he agreed. “But even then it means the
Romans as well as Ren are in big trouble, since it seems unlike Leonidas or Caesar, they’re
actually trying to win here. I’ve already forwarded the data to Artoria to see if she has any
insight but even she’s struggling for ideas.”
The Caster frowned as she placed her mug on the table as well and crossed her arms. “How
far away did you say the others were?” she asked.
“About three or four days away even if they decided to forgo any rest,” Roman answered
grimly. A silence fell on the two as the information sunk in. The Roman forces were waiting
for reinforcements that were simply too far away, against the tireless soldiers of the URE
while commanded by Alexander and El-Melloi II, all while being outnumbered almost
twenty to one.
Meanwhile, the most they could do was act as a communications hub between Ren, Ritsu,
and Morgana. They couldn’t send more supplies or switch out Servants as Mash was
currently with Ritsu and while the more war-savvy Servants were trying to brainstorm a plan,
they were at a loss without taking the field themselves. As frustrating as it was, there was
little else they could do besides wait for an outcome while monitoring the situation.
Suddenly, one of the monitors flashed red, quickly grabbing Roman’s and Da Vinci’s
attention as they both turned to look at the readings. Da Vinci’s eyes scanned the screen,
showing the status of Ren’s health – and her eyes narrowed as her smile dropped. “Tropane
alkaloids?” she read out loud. “But where would he have-“ Then she recalled a few past
chemistry experiments she had done in the past. “Belladonna,” she answered herself in a
horrified whisper. “Romani-!“
Roman had already started calling Ren as well as Morgana and Ritsu. The latter two picked
up after a few dials. “Er, what’s the panic, doc?” Ritsu asked in concern as Morgana stared
quizzically.
“Ren’s been poisoned,” he replied tersely. I’m trying to get into contact with him now.”
Both Ritsu and Morgana’s eyes widened. “He’s been WHAT?!” they simultaneously shouted.
Ignoring both of them for now, Roman continued staring at the dialing screen for Ren.
“Please, Ren, pick up,” he murmured desperately. “For fuck’s sake, please pick up…”

Ren collapsed with a groan on his bed. His accommodations had been a building well away
from the western wall that used to be someone’s house. It wasn’t anything too special – two
stories with the basics for a Roman household – but the governor’s house was reserved
especially for Nero and her senior officers, while the rest of the army took over the larger
compounds and mansions to act as an impromptu barracks. The house was meant for
Chaldea, but considering that, aside from Joan, Servants didn’t require much of anything, it
was more than enough for him.
Frankly, Ren didn’t mind. With a kitchen and dining room on the first floor with a small
living room and the bedrooms upstairs, it surprisingly resembled LeBlanc, albeit smaller.
When he first saw it, it caused a pang of homesickness in his heart, then he smiled. Despite
everything, he was glad to at least have a tiny reminder of home. In fact, it was pretty cozy. If
he could adjust some things and bring certain ingredients and supplies, he could even open up
a LeBlanc here.
A LeBlanc in the Roman empire. He wasn’t sure if Sojiro would laugh his head off or just
sigh while grumbling about his ridiculousness. Knowing him, probably both. The very
thought of it made Ren chuckle to himself in amusement.
Outside, the sun had started to set. Despite the tirelessness of the URE soldiers, their supplies
weren’t as equally inexhaustible. Their attack slackened during the afternoon and now, both
sides were taking their turns sniping each other or keeping their heads down as they moved
supplies in preparation for the next wave.
The Phantom Thief rolled over, grunting in pain as he felt his exhausted circuits throbbed
within his body. He had spent most of the day racing to and fro on Cerberus, putting out fires
from the flaming pots as well as healing any wounded soldiers he came across. When the
battle had slowed, he offered to head to the warehouse that was serving as a sickbay, but
again was shooed out – he was already doing a lot and having the soldiers pop back up so
quickly would be giving their hand away too soon, they said. And so he was sent packing.
Sighing, he frowned as he stared at the ceiling. The reasons made sense but there was a
niggling feeling in the back of his mind. Something wasn’t adding up. It didn’t help that Loki
couldn’t figure out those soldiers he sent them to track the other day either. Was he
overthinking things?
A knock on the door caught his attention. “One sec,” he called out as he slowly stood up,
wincing a bit before shambling over and opening it, finding a Roman soldier holding a tray
with a bowl of porridge, cheese, and bread. “Is that for me or is something else going on?”
Ren asked in curiosity, leaning on the doorframe.
The soldier grinned. “Indeed, it is,” he confirmed. “We’re extremely thankful for putting out
the fires and also for aiding us where you could. Though with how tired you are, I thought
you might like dinner brought to you.”
Ren blinked in surprise, then grinned gratefully as he took the tray. “Heh, you didn’t have to,
but thanks,” he acknowledged gratefully. “How’s the situation out there?”

The man shook his head. “Tiresome,” he grumbled. “We’re getting more barrels of pitch up
to the walls and loading up jars for the onagers to fire back, plus bringing up arrows. All
while trying to keep our heads down. My knees are killing me but hey, a battle’s a battle,
right?”
The Phantom Thief winced. “That bad, huh?” he commiserated. “It wasn’t all me, though.
You guys are doing a great job out there. So long as this keeps up, we’ll easily hold out until
backup shows.”
Grinning, the soldier nodded. “That’s the best thing to hear,” he replied cheerfully. “But I’ll
leave you to it – don’t want your food getting cold. Have a good rest, centurion.”
“You too,” Ren responded, closing the door as the soldier left. As he recalled, the soldiers
were having their meals closer to the western wall so they could be brought up at a moment’s
notice. It certainly would’ve been a walk just to grab dinner, admittedly, so it was a nice
gesture.
Sitting down, he dug in. Honestly, he was missing the curry and coffee he made all the time,
but considering the Romans barely had any spices (and he recalled that spices were
incredibly expensive pretty much everywhere in any older time period), he had to make do.
Besides, it wasn’t like he could ask Chaldea to just send him the ingredients even if Mash
was here. That was just wasteful.
He considered maybe studying the MRE rations and seeing if he could emulate that, then
immediately tossed the plan out. As much as he liked the curry, he had standards. Subjecting
his beloved curry to such a cruel fate was beyond even his worst. Plus, he was certain Sojiro
and Futaba would spontaneously manifest themselves to smack him upside the head for even
trying – and honestly, he couldn’t blame them.
As he contemplated, he took a spoonful of the porridge… and noticed something was wrong.
It was oddly sweeter than he expected. Did they add some fruit to this? He noticed the darker
coloration in his food. But as far as he recalled, fresh fruits weren’t distributed for the
soldiers – they were still one of the things Nero reserved almost exclusively for herself. So
where did these fruits come from…?
Then his communicator went off. He opened it to see the panicked faces of Roman, Da Vinci,
Ritsu, and Morgana. He immediately turned the volume down. “Hey guys, what’s
happening?” he asked casually. At the same time, he gave a sharp look at all four of them
before glancing in the direction of the door. The message was immediately clear: There may
be someone listening.
Roman struggled before forcing himself to calm down and speak in a strained whisper.
“You’ve been poisoned, Ren,” he hissed. “Just take deep breaths and stay calm. Your Master
uniform has built-in magecraft to deal with toxins and poisons. Recite the aria while
activating your circuits and-“ He was interrupted by Da Vinci jabbing him on the shoulder
and pointing. They both looked off-screen – and their eyes widened.
Meanwhile, Ritsu and Morgana looked fit to burst. “Ren, are you alright?” Ritsu asked
desperately. “Do you feel nauseous or sick or anything? Can you induce vomiting and get it

out of your system? O-or maybe, uh, s-sweat it out or something?” With each word, she
looked more and more terrified, her face pale and her eyes bulging. Mash wasn’t with her –
she most likely hadn’t received the news yet.
Morgana, however, seemed more collected, if only slightly. “Do you have any personas with
Me Patra or Amrita Shower, Ren?” he asked worriedly. “They should work to clear out any
poisons. We probably need to ask more about this anti-poison system just in case something
like this happens again but for now- what are Roman and Da Vinci doing?!”
At the catlike being’s hissed exclamation, they looked toward Roman and Da Vinci, who
were still staring off-screen in disbelief. “Your… your tropane alkaloid levels are dropping
rapidly,” Roman explained in shock. “From what I can tell from your other readings, it didn’t
even affect anything in your body. They’re all just breaking down.” He glanced back over at
Ren. “Did you use a persona to cure yourself or something?” he asked.
Blinking in surprise, Ren slowly shook his head. “I haven’t yet,” he murmured. “Is the antipoison part of the uniform supposed to kick in automatically or something?”
“I should add that function,” Da Vinci mused. “But no, ragazzo, it is not supposed to. I do not
know what’s going on, but something seems to be rendering the poison ineffective. We were
extremely fortunate.”
“Tell me about it,” Ren muttered. “I’m going to report to Nero about this. She might have an
idea what’s happening.”
Roman blinked in surprise. “Wait, wait, you’re going to talk to the emperor?” he asked,
flabbergasted. “You don’t think she’s the one behind this? She’s the one with enough pull for
this, after all!”
The Phantom Thief immediately shook his head. “Honestly, I suspect Nero the least,” he
replied confidently. “Considering how passionate she has been about defending her empire
and how well she’s treated us, to turn around and poison us makes no sense. No, I don’t think
it was her. She might have some insights.”
The doctor frowned in concern, then nodded. “Alright,” he acceded. “I’ll trust your
judgement. Just report back as soon as you can with what’s happening.”
Ren nodded. “Thanks for your concern, all,” he murmured. “I’ll let you know what’s
happening in a bit.” With that, he closed the communicator and stood up. He couldn’t help
but admit he felt utterly terrified. Someone just tried to poison him, and it was sheer luck it
didn’t take. He didn’t know who could be gunning for him – and considering the Roman
forces, there were frankly far too many people who would.
“Loki, we have a situation here,” he called out mentally as he stepped out of his room and
went downstairs. On the first floor were two soldiers chatting to each other. They turned to
him as he stepped down. One of them was the soldier who had brought him his dinner, who
grinned broadly. “Going for seconds?” he asked, amused. “Better hurry – the boys seem to be
wolfing it down like mad. Guess battle or not, every man’s got his appetite, huh?” He
laughed loudly at his own joke.

The Phantom Thief couldn’t help but blink. That… wasn’t the tone or attitude of someone
who was trying to poison him – and most importantly, failed. The man felt too genuine to be
faking his reaction. Was he simply unaware and was just sent in to deliver a poisoned dinner?
To what end?
His train of thought was interrupted as another soldier came up to the door. “Oh, is it time to
switch shifts already?” the first soldier asked. “Guess it never ends-GHCK!” Ren whirled in
surprise and his eyes widened in horror as the second soldier had snuck up behind his
companion and slit his companion’s throat with a dagger. Then he heard the slither of a blade
being drawn and rolled aside – barely dodging a gladius that was aimed at his gut.
His heart was beating in his ears as he processed everything that was going on. The one who
just killed the first soldier drew his own gladius as the other turned towards him as well. His
mind raced as he thought about his options, everything from the Chaldean Arms to his
personas. He had numerous ways to take them down, or he could simply just run out the door
that was now behind him, but he needed to get to the bottom of this.
And he had just the way to do it.
“Dionysus!” he called out.
In a burst of blue flame, a new persona appeared: A humanoid figure completely covered in a
veritable rainbow of colors that was both hypnotic yet nauseating to witness. A red cape
draped over his shoulder as a staff hung by a string on his neck. Posing, his white gloved
hands were splayed out as, in contrast, his stern face stared down at the two offending
assassins, both of whom cried out in shock and collapsed backwards at the presence of a god
in their midst.
With a wave of Dionysus’s hand, a wave of purple energy washed over the two soldiers. They
stilled, then silently stood back up, their eyes now glowing with a faint purple light. Brain
jack – a spell that brainwashes enemies with a moderate chance of succeeding. It was
probably one of his least favorite spells – it reminded him far too much of Shido, Yaldabaoth,
and Maruki – but it was necessary here. He needed information, and they could give it.
Then his eyes rested on the soldier, gurgling on the ground, and he was shocked out of his
contemplation. With a curse, he raced forward as he placed his hands on the man’s neck,
trying to staunch the bleeding as he hurriedly switched personas as quickly as possible.
Dionysus faded away – though the brainwashing remained – as he called out another persona.
“Atropos!”
The grey-garbed Cutter of the Thread once more appeared. With a mental command, a green
glow appeared all around them – Mediarama, a more powerful healing spell that healed
multiple targets he wished for. He had long since trained himself to have her heal both
himself and his companions, but he could direct at others as well – in this case, the soldier.
The wound on the soldier’s throat began rapidly closing… then it stopped. The man was no
longer moving.

Ren could only stare, horrified, at the man’s body, then growled as he placed his bloody
hands on the man’s chest and began pushing. “Come on, come on,” he snarled desperately as
he pounded, trying to restart the man’s heart. As he kept compressing, yet the man remained
motionless, his glassy eyes staring up at the ceiling.
Finally, Ren collapsed backward. Adrenaline fading, he was only left feeling like his bones
were made of water, hearing his heartbeat gradually slowing down. He leaned himself up
against a carved chair and rested his head. Lifting his hand, he stared at the thick blood of the
soldier clinging like mud, then slowly turned to look at the brainwashed assassins still
standing there. Slowly, he let his hand drop, bouncing against the cold, hard ground, and
sagged against the chair.
The siege had only just begun.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or want to know about the background lore,
join the Discord! You'll get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/cJxtsyGF

Chapter 79: Hunt
Chapter Summary

Sometimes, answers are a hop, skip, and a jump.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Please contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Hordes and masses of mindless, faceless soldiers. Disguised officers barking orders amidst a
sea and clamor of iron. Hails of arrows being issued and received. The din of war rang loud
in one’s ears, yet the lack of war cries and pained shouts made things feel oddly surreal. A
rather gross reminder that these soldiers weren’t human. In a way, it certainly made it a lot
easier to kill them metaphorically. On the other hand, it was a lot harder to kill them literally,
and impossible to scare off no matter what show of force or brutality they enacted.
Loki had to sigh. They hadn’t expected such a battle to be so… well, boring . None of their
usual tricks worked. The soldiers wouldn’t panic no matter how much of a frenzy they went.
And every time they popped out, it wasn’t long before all the nearby soldiers sprang at them.
They couldn’t do much against a Servant, but their sheer numbers combined with their utter
lack of fear made things dicey, forcing them to vanish once more.
Thus, they relegated themselves to simply taking out siege engines like their Master ordered.
Stepping out, killing off the designated engineers and turning the catapults into so much
mulched wood, then vanishing before the surrounding soldiers could overwhelm them.
Classic guerilla tactics that they had been asked to do time and time and time again
throughout this entire singularity.
Frankly, if it was possible to die of boredom, they would’ve done so a thousand times
already.
Right now, they were sitting outside, far away from both the city and the URE forces but
close enough to at least watch them, catching their breath. As much as they pretended
otherwise, constantly stepping in and out of the Metaverse was incredibly draining for them.
They had been trying to dial it back as of late but with the demands of battle, it had been
getting harder and harder to do so.

It certainly didn’t help that the siege right now was perhaps the direst battle they had been in.
The strain couldn’t be helped, but it certainly didn’t make things less annoying.
They glanced up at the darkening sky as the sun set. They didn’t have to do as much anymore
as the attack slackened off. They weren’t building their siege engines nearly as quickly either
– they most likely needed to either procure or make the parts as necessary and go from there.
There was a forest nearby they could use but they certainly weren’t sure if that lumber was
suitable. Well, if it resulted in lower quality siege machines then all the better.
Maybe they could go torch that forest. ‘Borrow’ some tar from the Romans, bring it over, set
it alight to get a good blaze going. That would certainly put a damper on creating new siege
equipment. The more they thought about it, the broader their grin got. Standing up, they
stretched. Servants don’t need to rest like humans do and frankly, that idea only got them
excited. It was about time they livened things up. They prepared to move back to the city“ Loki, we have a situation. ”
The Avenger almost started at his Master’s mental communication. “ What is it ?” they
snapped back, annoyed at the interruption. Under normal circumstances they would’ve been
even more irritated, but there was an undercurrent of… fear in his Master’s message.
Something that was extremely unusual given his coolheaded nature. They awaited an answer,
but none came. That set off alarm bells in Loki’s head – Ren was prompt to respond, even if
he was preoccupied. Perhaps it was nothing and he was simply distracted, but something told
them otherwise.
Changing trajectory, they vanished into spirit form with a shower of golden light, quickly
traversing the distance back into the city. Passing by ruined buildings and corpses, they
quickly approached where Ren was supposed to be resting – and quickly noticed something
amiss. There were Roman soldiers around the building, steadily closing in. Their movements
weren’t that of men sent to protect, but rather to harm.
The trickster god almost laughed. Ah, now these were the Romans they were expecting:
Backstabbing, infighting idiots who couldn’t keep their shit together for more than a couple
minutes if their lives depended on it. Frankly, they were surprised it took this long – probably
thanks to Nero’s skill with politics and boosting morale – but stupidity had always been an
inevitability.
Still, it wouldn’t do for them to target their Master. Ren could take care of himself. It was
best to deal with these other idiots first. Popping out of spirit form high in the air, they
summoned their blade as they fell, plunging the sword straight into the first soldier’s head as
they landed on top of him. Pulling out their blade, they spun around and decapitated another
soldier who approached them. “Sorry,” they called out with a sardonic grin. “My Master’s not
one for surprise parties! But don’t worry – I’ll play.”
The other soldiers looked at each other, then charged. A gun appeared in Loki’s free hand.
Lifting it up, they fired twice and two soldiers fell with holes in their heads. Jumping, they
kicked behind them and caved in the skull of yet another soldier who snuck up from behind.
Three down, a good number left to go.

Charging forth, Loki dealt with the other soldiers in a similar manner, their blade easily
carving through iron and flesh as their gun punched out holes. The last three soldiers, they
whacked on the head with either the pommel of his sword or the butt of his gun. They needed
information, after all.
Finally, Loki charged into the building – and was transfixed by what they saw: a dead soldier
on the floor, with the neck bloody yet partially healed. Two more soldiers standing by, their
eyes glowing with a faint purple light. And most importantly, their Master sitting on the
ground against a carved chair, looking exhausted and out of it.
They scanned each detail, trying to glean what happened. Their eyes rested on the dead boy.
“Did you kill him?” they asked.
Ren glanced up blinking before shaking his head. “N-no, I didn’t,” he replied, his voice faint.
“He, ah, brought me dinner. It was poisoned. I don’t think he knew it was. The other soldiers
killed him. Tried to save him but I was… he was…” He let out a shaky breath without
finishing the sentence.
Loki frowned. Of course his Master would be shaken up by the whole affair. And of course
he’d try to heal the man. But it seemed like he was too late. In the meantime, they blurred for
a second, changing from their black and blue combat uniform to their regular suit-like
clothes. Reaching into their breast pocket, they tossed down a handkerchief onto Ren’s lap, to
the Phantom Thief’s surprise. “Wipe off your hands,” they curtly stated.
As Ren hesitatingly began wiping the blood off, the trickster god meanwhile leaned down
and stared at the dead soldier. Still in the prime of his life, albeit a bit older. Healthy and hale.
But whatever further signs they could’ve seen had bled out with the man’s lifeblood. Now all
that was left was a corpse, his glassy eyes staring up at the ceiling. Reaching over, they gently
closed the man’s eyes. Frankly, they couldn’t care less but if it assuaged their Master and got
things back on track, then they would do it.
They sat down in the other chair. For the moment, the only sound was that of Ren wiping the
blood off his hands. Glancing over, they nodded over to the soldiers standing nearby.
“What’d you do to these ones?” they asked casually.
Ren blinked before following Loki’s gaze. “Oh, them? I used Dionysus to brainwash them,”
he explained. “It’s not something I like to do, but we do need information. Better than
knocking them out or using something else like making them forget.”
Loki blinked in surprise, then nodded approvingly. “Smart,” they commended. They had
already been pondering how to interrogate the soldiers properly – and as trained soldiers,
they most likely would have to be rather rough on them – but with this, they didn’t have to
waste any time or effort and possibly still be given lies or false leads. What a wonderful
ability. “We should ask them for information then,” they stated. “Before whoever’s behind
this knows their plan has gone awry.”
Sighing, the Phantom Thief nodded. “Yeah, you’re right,” he agreed as he stood up, keeping
his gaze away from his corpse. He knew that it wasn’t Loki’s impatience that they’re pushing
things along, but more they knew that it was better to move onward and gain momentum than

wallow in any hopelessness or despair. They were understandable emotions, but it would not
serve them. Not when there’s much that needed to be done.
He only regretted not learning – or rather, remembering - this lesson sooner.
Ren turned to the two soldiers, their half-lidded eyes still glowing. Against shadows, the
effects of the brainwashing already lasted a considerable amount of time. Against regular
humans however, it would last even longer. It was a comfort that it was easy to remove or
overwrite – he hated this ability. “Why were you sent to attack us?” Ren asked.
“We had our orders,” one of the soldiers rasped out. Meanwhile, Loki casually stepped aside
and leaned against the doorframe leading outside. If there were to be any more assassins, they
would have to deal with the Avenger first.
“Under whose orders?” Ren asked.
“Centurion Cato,” the soldier responded.
Ren frowned. Another centurion ordering his assassination… It'd be great if that was the end
of it, but considering he was high in Nero’s favor, Cato would have to be an absolute idiot to
try something like that without repercussions. Of course that couldn’t be ruled out, but the
more likely reason was there was someone behind Cato pulling the strings. “Where is
centurion Cato posted?” he inquired.
“His quarters are to the southern side, closer to the wall,” the other soldier replied.
“And how will I know which quarters are his?” Ren asked. This back-and-forth method of
questioning was mildly annoying, but it did show the amount of mental discipline these
soldiers had. They only answered his questions directly and no more. He would have to be
thorough if he didn’t want to make some crucial mistake.
“He always hangs up a wreath of oak twigs where he is situated,” the first soldier replied.
“As a good luck charm.”
He nodded in consideration. “Were you expected to report back to him after you were
finished?” Ren continued. “And with what evidence?”
“We were,” the soldier confirmed. “The evidence we were to bring back is your weapon.”
Ren blinked with surprise and brought out the Chaldean Arms, currently in pistol form. True,
it was a unique weapon only to him, and he made sure to always keep it on his person. It
would serve as the most subtle yet most outstanding evidence of his death. If he had been any
ordinary person, if he hadn’t gone through half the hell he had been through, and if he didn’t
have his personas, there was a good chance he would’ve been cut down here with no one the
wiser except Chaldea.
“The one you killed,” he added as he finally glanced back down at the corpse. “Was he one of
you?”
The soldier slowly shook his head. “A scapegoat,” he rasped.

He could only scowl. So if the poison succeeded, the man would’ve taken the blame for it
anyway while the true culprits got away scot-free. It felt like he was back in Tokyo again, and
not in a good way. They needed to trace this back to the source. Unfortunately, he didn’t have
the information collecting of Futaba nor the analytical mind of Makoto by his side. He would
have to do this by himself.
No, not by himself. There were others as well. He couldn’t forget the advice from Igor,
Lavenza, and his personas. Not again.
“Loki,” Ren called over, catching the Avenger’s attention. “Find Joan and let her know
what’s going on. After that, let the emperor know too. Make sure she’s alone first before
telling her anything. We don’t know who to trust within the army at the moment.”
The trickster god nodded. “And what about the others I’ve knocked out or killed?” they
asked, stretching casually.
Ren blinked in surprise, then sighed. Of course there were other soldiers. At least Loki dealt
with them. “See if you can dispose of the bodies and for the ones knocked out, find a quiet
place to keep them,” he ordered. “The less of a ruckus we can manage, the better.”
“And what about you?” Loki asked, glancing over at the two soldiers.
The Phantom Thief looked back at them. “Succubus,” he called out.
The devilish persona appeared with another flash of blue flame. She pointed at one of the
soldiers, causing the soldier to immediately collapse in a heap, gently snoring, leaving the
other soldier still standing as the persona faded away. “I’m going to follow a lead,” he replied
calmly. “With any luck, it’ll give me more clues and evidence to work with.”
Loki blinked, then chuckled. “A Phantom Thief playing a detective?” they asked with a grin.
“How deliciously ironic. Very well, I’ll play along. Do stay safe – I wish to see how this little
diversion resolves.” With that, Loki turned away and vanished in a shower of golden light,
leaving Ren alone. Meanwhile, the Master turned back to the soldier, staring at his glowing,
purple eyes.
“Right – here’s what I want you to do…”
The evening was quiet. A watchful peace settled over the city of Massilia as everyone rested,
recuperated, and resupplied. The Roman soldiers huddled beneath the battlements, quietly
chatting or gnawing on some bread as they stood – or more accurately sat – for sentry duty. A
soldier occasionally peeked over the battlements to check for activity, but so far there had
been none. The URE were content to simply stand at the ready, and no one wished to risk
retaliation.
A Roman soldier marched through the streets of the city. Passing by runners or smaller
contingents of soldiers, they barely acknowledged each other as they moved. The only thing
peculiar was a small bundle he carried in his arms that no one asked about. Whether it was
more supplies or reconnaissance reports, no one knew, nor did they bother to ask. They all

had their tasks and duties, and in such a dangerous environment, it was best to complete them
as diligently and quickly as possible.
In other words, the situation couldn’t be any more ideal for espionage.
On the rooftops above, Ren followed quietly. His eyes were red as his Third Eye engaged.
The brainwashed soldier was highlighted in blue as he walked toward his quarry while other
soldiers glowed yellow, making him easy to track. The buildings were densely packed
together, allowing him to easily hop from roof to roof without any trouble. Worst case
scenario, he could use Cerberus’s agility. So far, it hadn’t proved necessary.
In the meantime, he turned on the communicator and contacted Chaldea. Roman’s exhausted
face appeared once more. “Hey Roman,” he murmured with a casual tone he didn’t feel as he
kept his eyes on the soldier.
“ Let me guess, it’s not resolved yet,” Roman groaned.
Despite everything, Ren couldn’t help but grin. “No, not yet,” he admitted as he hopped to
another rooftop. “There’s probably someone behind this whole thing so I’m currently
working towards uncovering it. Does a ‘centurion Cato’ ring any bells?”
Roman blinked in surprise, then turned to another monitor as he typed out the name as dug
through the archives of the time period. Frowning, he shook his head. “ Nothing is coming up
for a ‘Centurion Cato’ ,” he murmured. “ I’m guessing he was just one of the many officers of
the Roman army at this time. ”
“Yeah, didn’t think so,” he grumbled as he walked along the rooftop, easily tracking the
soldier still. “I can’t provide a full status report – kinda busy at the moment – but out of
curiosity, have you figured out why that poison didn’t work on me?”
The doctor blinked, then frowned. “ Da Vinci is looking into that,” he replied. “ We’re not
sure if it’s some quirk of the rayshift system or something else at play. We’ll let you know as
soon as we can what we find out.”
“Same to you,” Ren replied before noticing the soldier about to turn a corner away from him.
“Gotta run,” he hurriedly stated. “Catch you in a bit.” Roman, used to this at this point,
nodded with a sigh before ending their communication. This will be quite a thing to report to
everyone once he was finished here. Roman would probably keep Ritsu and Morgana
apprised of the situation, though he couldn’t imagine they would be happy about it.
He could only chuckle to himself. They’ll probably stick to him like glue after all this.
In the meantime, he pulled up his sleeve to reveal the grappling hook he received from Da
Vinci back in Orleans. He didn’t have an opportunity to really use it ever since he got it, but
that was about to change. Aiming carefully, the hook darted out and latched onto a small
tower on the opposite side of the street.
Giving it a quick tug to make sure it was secure, he hit the button to start reeling it in and
jumped. Using the momentum from the reeling, he easily swung to the other side before

disengaging the hook, rewinding itself back into the holder. With long time experience and
practice, he landed easily on another rooftop, rolling forward on his shoulder to lessen the
impact of the landing.
Ren had to smile as he admired the hook Da Vinci provided. It might not have been field
tested but there was no doubt about the quality and efficacy of the device. For a second, he
felt like he was back in the Metaverse again. He could even feel the phantom sensation of his
coat and mask. Then his mind quickly caught up and he quickly turned to see the soldier a bit
further ahead of him. Discarding the thoughts for now, he went back to following, once more
hopping from rooftop to rooftop.
As they got closer to the wall, Ren took off the jacket of his Master’s uniform and tied it
around his waist, leaving only the black t-shirt as he stuck to the shadows. The white jacket
would reflect too much light, and he wasn’t about to risk some sentry looking up and seeing
him prowling. Their focus may be primarily on the outside, but them looking down from the
wall was far more likely than a soldier looking up from the street. No, it was better not to
chance it.
“Master, what are you doing?”
The worried hiss in Ren’s mind startled him. “ Hey Joan ,” he greeted back. “ Loki told you
what’s been happening?”
“About you getting poisoned and nearly gutted? Yes,” she growled, sounding none too
pleased. “What I want to know now is why you’re skulking around the rooftops of the city like
some kind of thief! What the hell are you up to?!”
“ Oh, you can see me?” he asked in mild curiosity. Poking his head out, he saw most of the
soldiers weren’t paying attention – and Joan, sitting at the battlements, staring directly at him.
“ Huh, so you can,” he murmured. “ I’m following a lead right now. I want to get to the
bottom of this. If this whole thing doesn’t get resolved, chances are good we’re gonna lose
everything.”
Ren listened as Joan grumbled through their link yet not disagreeing with his argument. “
Anything you need me to do, Master?” she asked.
“ For now, no,” he replied. “ Just pretend you know nothing and go about as you normally
do. Also, if you have to grab food, be sure to grab it from a communal source. Don’t trust
anyone that brings you anything.” The image of the soldier’s body, his glassy eyes staring up
at the ceiling as Ren tried to staunch the bleeding, staining his hands, flashed before his mind
before he shook his head to clear the image. Not now. He had to focus.
“That goes without saying,” Joan scoffed. “ Just don’t do anything stupid.”
“ No promises,” Ren replied before cutting the communication off. The soldier was
approaching what appeared to be a large, two-storied building. That must be where the
officers were currently set up. The building was a large compound, with a large rectangular
open courtyard in the middle. From there, he could see soldiers hurrying to and fro, with

officers either heading out or coming back. It seemed like an ideal place for an officer’s
quarters – and more importantly, it was open enough for him to track the soldier.
The brainwashed soldier silently marched past everyone. Ren had given him specific orders
to not act in any fashion that might give him away. He wasn’t sure how much that particular
order would hold but so far, no one gave the soldier even a glance as he ascended the stairs
within the courtyard to the second level.
Now came a new challenge: How was he to get down without attracting attention? Just in
case, he switched to Clotho in his mind. Her ability to make everyone in the vicinity forget
would come in handy if he was detected. In the meantime, he shot the grappling hook directly
underneath him into the roof and quietly checked the surroundings underneath. Once he made
sure it was clear, he swung down, using the roof as a fulcrum to propel himself onto the
walkway before disengaging the hook.
Following the soldier, he quietly stayed low and to the shadows. So far, no one looked up or
otherwise noticed him. The sun had long since set over the horizon, leaving only long
shadows illuminated by torches. It certainly brought to mind the times he prowled through
the various Palaces in the past, where hiding was… a thing that existed. As long as he and his
friends were ‘hiding’, they would be undetected by shadows, even if by all counts they
should’ve been spotted.
That brought back memories of Kamoshida’s Palace as him, Ryuji, Morgana, and Ann were
pressed against a wall in full view of a shadow. They didn’t even dare breathe as it
approached within inches of them, yet it simply walked past them on its patrol route without
even so much as slowing down. They had to duck into a safe room right after to catch their
breath and discuss the situation. It was yet another odd aspect of the Metaverse they
eventually learned to accept.
The irregular hiding became a recurring theme whenever they recruited a new Thief. Yusuke
surprisingly (or perhaps unsurprisingly) had been the calmest about it, accepting it as simply
how things worked. Makoto, on the other hand, was partially panicking and partially ready to
pummel the shadow to dust if it so much as twitched in their direction. It was amusing,
though he had to restrain her from jumping the gun.
Going down a hallway, it wasn’t long before they reached a door. The brainwashed soldier
raised a fist and knocked. Ren waited breathlessly, checking behind him to make sure there
weren’t any other soldiers or officers sneaking up on them. They waited for a moment for an
answer. And…
Nothing.
The soldier pounded on the door again. They waited. And again, there was no response.
“Open the door,” Ren whispered. The soldier complied. The Phantom Thief peered inside as
it opened… and found it empty. He frowned. It seemed the centurion was out at the moment.
“If anyone tries to come in, distract them loudly,” Ren ordered the brainwashed soldier.
“Otherwise, hang around outside.” With that, he slipped into the room, closing the door
quietly behind him.

He quickly looked around the room, his Third Eye still activated. A small wreath of oak
twigs hanging on the wall glowed blue. Given what the soldier had told him, this was indeed
Cato’s room. The bedroom was austere – a rack and stand for holding weapons and armor, a
desk piled with stationery, a surprisingly neat bed. There was a window that opened into an
alleyway. Good, at least he had a method of escape.
Looking back around the room, he turned his attention to the table filled with stationery. A
few of the papers began glowing blue in his vision. Narrowing his eyes, he walked over and
plucked out the pieces of paper. As he deactivated his Third Eye, the papers stopped glowing
as his surroundings brightened back up, allowing him to read them properly. As expected,
they were missives, both to be sent out and to be received. There were ones from and to
Waver: Information and questions, exchanged back and forth. Interesting. It was clear Cato
was at least one of the traitors.
Then he glanced back at the other missives: Orders for his assassination, as suggested by
Waver in another letter. As he quickly scanned it, his eyes fell to the signature on the bottom
– and widened. So that was who ordered everything here. He needed to get this to NeroSuddenly, there was a commotion outside. Before Ren could react, the door burst open and a
Roman officer stood there, the brainwashed soldier right behind him. “You-!” he snarled.
“Clotho!” Ren barked.
The persona appeared and with a wave of her spindle, both Cato and the soldier blinked as
their memories were impacted. Before they could properly get their bearings, Clotho
vanished as Ren switched to another persona. “Succubus!” Once more, the demonic persona
burst into being. Pointing her finger, both men collapsed in a heap, snoring. Later, the two
would be found by fellow officers and soldiers and lectured for drinking on the job as well as
dereliction of duty.
All while a cool breeze gently blew from the open window in the centurion’s room.
Joan stomped through the streets of Massilia. Any and every soldier that she came across
took one look at her thunderous expression and immediately knew to move away. Absolutely
no one wanted to deal with the Lancer when she was pissed off, the soldiers most especially
who had already bore witness to her inhuman strength and stamina. As grateful as they were
for her help, they knew not to provoke her.
The entire day had been a trainwreck, to put it mildly. There was the beginning of the siege
where she couldn’t do anything but be a glorified relief or runner for the Roman army –
directly engaging them hadn’t been an option, especially with Lu Bu pinned down – then
there was the sheer amount of restocking and recovering that needed to be done once the
attack slackened. And now, as a crap cherry on a shit sundae, the Roman army tried to
assassinate her Master.
She scowled as she mentally corrected herself. No, not the Roman army. Certain officers and
soldiers who were headed by someone . As much as she wished to just lash out, she needed to

get the facts straight. She already had done plenty of wildly flailing about in Orleans, and she
wasn’t keen on repeating that mistake.
And now, once more, her Master was being reckless. Seeing him hop from rooftop to rooftop
was one thing, but now there was his new plan, which left her growling in frustration.
Honestly, she should be used to this by now but he always found new ways to top himself.
All she could really do was follow along and made sure he didn’t get himself into too much
trouble. Was he this reckless because he didn’t trust them to deal with the repercussions or
because he did trust them to have his back?
At this point, she wasn’t sure which irritated her more.
Reaching the governor’s office, the two soldiers standing guard at the door saluted her as she
stomped past them. Yet even in her frustration, she was aware of her surroundings: both
soldiers looked concerned and not because of her anger. She wasn’t surprised – most likely
they had seen quite a few officers march past them and could see the writing on the wall.
Marching up to the governor’s living quarters, she took a deep breath, then opened it – and
had to hold back the sudden surge of rage and panic that arose within.
The emperor was sitting on a chair, her face grim as she considered the person in front of her.
Lining all sides of the pristine room were Roman officers of all ranks, surreptitiously
murmuring to each other. All of them bore different expressions – some of shock and
concern, some of smug assurance, some of fear, some of outrage. The atmosphere of the
room was tense, threatening to erupt at any second at a word from Nero.
At the center of it all was Ren, forced into a kneeling position, his hands tied around his back,
with an officer right behind him holding a gladius near his neck.
“ There has to be a better plan than this, ” Joan could only deadpan as she stared at the entire
scenario while restraining herself as much as she could.
Her Master’s sheepish chuckle echoed in her mind. “ There probably is,” he admitted. “ But
it’s the best one I could come up with under the short timeframe. Don’t worry, this should
work out. And even if it doesn’t, I have you here, right?”
Joan had to breathe through her nose to settle herself. “ You are incredibly annoying, Ren
Amamiya,” she growled. Another sheepish chuckle was her only answer.
“Do not interfere with the tribunal until after the emperor has rendered her judgement,” one
of the officers barked at Joan. “Lest you wish for the centurion’s blood to be spilled by your
own actions!”
The Lancer had to force herself not to roll her eyes. Frankly, they all underestimated her
Master – she doubted he actually needed help here. But regardless, she stayed her hand and
stepped aside as she heard footsteps behind her. Legate Asisculus walked in, blinking in
surprise at the sight. “What has happened, Imperator?” he demanded with a scowl.

Nero glanced up at the legate and frowned. “It appears centurion Amamiya had been
engaging in subversive activities with our enemies,” she explained, drumming her fingers on
a stack of documents sitting beside her on a small table. “We are holding a tribunal to decide
his fate.”
The legate blinked in surprise, then frowned. “I must say I haven’t expected this,” he
commented as he moved to stand beside Nero. “Has there been any particular evidence or
admission of guilt?”
“That is a good question,” Nero agreed. “Amamiya?”
Ren said nothing, listening as the door behind him closed and was barred. Then he smirked.
“Don’t think it’s exactly proper to call self-defense ‘subversive activities’,” he replied easily.
“I’m just a centurion and a Thief – I think subversive activities are more an officer’s thing,
wouldn’t you agree?”
The emperor nodded sagely. “A compelling argument,” she replied. She snapped her fingers
– and suddenly, two officers standing nearby stepped forward, drew their blades, and placed
them on Asisculus’s neck and behind his back. Ren meanwhile stood up as the sword on him
was withdrawn, the loose ropes dropping from his wrists.
Immediately, the room burst into chaos as everyone began shouting, drawing their weapons
and hurling accusations at once another. Above it all, Ren called out, “Cerberus!” The white
lion burst into being with a mighty roar. Everyone silenced themselves in fear as the guardian
of the Underworld stared balefully down at them all, daring them to challenge his authority.
“Wh-what’s the meaning of this, Imperator?!” Asisculus spluttered as he was forced to kneel
in front of Nero as Ren took his spot beside the emperor.
“I believe that is my line of inquiry, legate,” Nero replied coldly. She took the bundle of
papers on the table and tossed it down in front of him – reports and communications with
Waver Velvet, as well as signed and sealed orders for Ren’s assassination as well as plans
coordinating with fellow officers to have the emperor capitulate. The more the legate read,
the more his face paled until he resembled little more than a ghost.
“Now, let us begin the tribunal."

Chapter End Notes

If you want more story details or background lore, join the Discord! You'll get more than
you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/ZVbJjPmEZM

Chapter 80: Tribunal
Chapter Summary

Arguments are made, and judgement is passed.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Getting everything set up in the first place had been the first challenge. After retrieving his
Chaldean Arms and making his escape from Cato’s room, he snuck over to Asisculus’s
quarters. Thankfully, it was in the same building, and it was the central room – incredibly
easy to find. And with the fuss Cato and that soldier had kicked up, he had plenty of leeway
to search the room, especially with the legate gone to oversee the defenses.
That was his first inkling that something else was afoot. Maybe it was for an act, but why
would he still be overseeing the defenses so dutifully if he was a traitor?
At any rate, the room had a treasure trove of evidence for Ren – Correspondences and letters
with Waver, ongoing communications with the officers, complete with names, and even
records and details of where Ren would be. He looked around for any bottles of poison, but
his Third Eye didn’t mark any locations. He still had plenty of evidence regardless.
Using his grappling hook, it was a simple matter of making it back to Nero’s room via the
balcony. Loki was leaning there, only glancing at him as Ren pulled himself up. The emperor
on the other hand beamed as Ren stepped in. “Like a phantom in the night, you elude those
seeking your life and furthermore, bring to bear everything against them!” she cried. “You
truly are a creator of miracles!”
Ren chuckled as he waved off the compliments. “All in a day’s work,” he replied. However,
looking closely at Nero, her face was pale and her eyes bloodshot with dark shadows
underneath her eyes, marring her usual beauty. The siege had been taking its toll on her, and
what Loki told her probably hadn’t helped in the slightest.
Her expression molded into a face of indignant rage. “Now, centurion, who dares lays a hand
on you?” she demanded. “Loki has informed me you have taken upon yourself to find the
culprits. Do you have the findings?”
Ren’s lips pressed in a grim line. After a moment’s hesitation, he handed over the papers he
found and waited in silence as Nero sifted through, her eyes quickly scanning the document
back and forth. Then her eyes widened as she sifted again, rereading everything. “You… you
did not forge this, did you, Ren?” she asked, her voice faint.
“I didn’t,” he quietly confirmed.

Nero staggered over to her couch and collapsed, the papers falling down onto the table. Her
hands buried into her face. “How many,” she whispered. “How many must leave me? I give
all my love, all my heart to my empire. I treasure its people as greatly as my own life. My
people, my empire have crumbled away like sand in my hands. I thought, at the very least,
the soldiers I brought with me were loyal and willing to fight with me to the very end.”
“And now you bring me this,” she whispered, glaring at the papers. “I don’t know who to
trust or to love anymore. Is this all that my rule has amounted to? What is there left for me
now…?”
“You tell me.”
At the words, Nero turned to Ren, blinking through her tears. The Phantom Thief stepped
forward. “Time and time again, people deserted you or betrayed you,” he stated. “You’ve
watched your empire fall apart to the United Roman Empire. And even then, you kept
fighting. You did everything you could to preserve and protect your people, led your forces to
fight against an opponent even you knew you couldn’t beat.”
Loki on the balcony raised an eyebrow as they listened to their Master talk. If this was his
idea of a pep talk, he sure was doing a shitty job.
“Here, it’s more of the same,” Ren concluded. “You’ve lasted this long, Nero. Your people
need to be unified under your banner once more. What’s your duty as an emperor’s
prerogative?”
Nero blinked in surprise, then sagged on the couch, rubbing her temples to stave off another
headache. “You are making this far simpler than it actually is, Ren,” she grumbled with a
half-hearted glare.
Ren chuckled ruefully as he moved the papers aside, sitting on the table so he could face
Nero properly. “I guess I am,” he admitted with a shrug. “But in the end, we still have a
campaign to fight and win – and in your case, an empire to fix and rebuild. Whatever
decision you wish to make, I’ll stand by you as best I can. So, Nero – what do you want to
do?”
The emperor said nothing, her eyes clouding over in consideration. Slowly, she stood back up
and walked. Ren’s eyes followed her as she moved to a table where a jug of wine sat next to a
cup. She lifted the jug and cup, made to pour – and stopped. Finally, she set them down. “Do
you still have any water?” she asked quietly.
The Master blinked in surprise. “Er, yeah,” he quickly replied, fishing out the bottle from his
coat. “Not a fresh one, though – didn’t think I’d have to bring one.”
“It will suffice,” Nero sighed. Ren tossed her the bottle and she caught it with ease. Neither
Ren nor Loki spoke as the emperor took a long drink. Taking the bottle off her lips, she lifted
it up to eye level. “Were this campaign and my reign as clean and clear as this water,” she
murmured, almost to herself more than to Ren.
“Would you actually want that?” he asked out of curiosity.

Nero opened her mouth to answer, blinked, then laughed. “Umu, indeed!” she admitted.
“Such a campaign and reign would be utterly boring! Successful, perhaps, but boring! And
not to mention impossible – if it was that clear and straightforward, then either something is
incredibly wrong or I am an absolute fool. Most likely both!”
Despite everything, the laugh was infectious. Ren couldn’t help but smile in turn. “So,
emperor Nero,” he said. “What do you want to do now?”
The emperor frowned once more. Walking over, she picked up the papers and scanned them
with a critical eye. “You have provided me undeniable evidence,” she stated. “However, I
wish to hear the reasons directly from the perpetrator himself, as well as his subordinates. It
would be best to hold a tribunal so I can hold them accountable and hear everything for
myself.”
She sighed as she ran a hand through her hair. “Or I wish I could,” Nero grumbled. “To hold
one in the midst of a siege would be detrimental to everyone, especially to the supreme
commander of the army. Not to mention, if word of this gets out, not only would it be an
opportune time for our enemy to attack, but they would scurry like rats every which way. We
would never be able to catch all of them.”
Ren blinked, then chuckled once more, catching both Nero and Loki’s attention. “Is
something amusing?” Nero asked out of curiosity.
“Oh no, it’s just… you called them rats, right?” Ren asked. Nero’s eyes narrowed as she
nodded. “In order to catch rats, you need a trap. So that’s just what we’ll do – we’ll lure them
all here and snag them all at once.”
“One small detail you’re forgetting,” Loki finally spoke up as they both turned to the trickster
god. “A trap needs bait. And these rats are particularly greedy - I don’t think they’ll come for
a mere bit of cheese.”
The Phantom Thief couldn’t help but grin broadly. “That’s true,” he admitted. “Thankfully,
we already have the perfect bait.”
“We do?” asked Loki and Nero simultaneously – the former skeptically and the latter
confusedly.
“Yep,” Ren replied with full confidence. “Me.”
The protests at the idea from both Nero and Loki had been surprisingly fierce – he wasn’t
charging into a lion’s den but rather drawing the lions right to him – but Ren wouldn’t be
dissuaded. After all, they didn’t have the time, nor did they have a better ‘bait’ to lure all the
culprits at once without them getting suspicious. In the end, they had no choice but to
reluctantly agree to the plan.
Ren then relayed the plan over to Joan. Even through their mental link he could tell the
Lancer would love nothing more than to shout at him for doing something so reckless, but
she simply grumbled before cutting the connection. She was probably getting used to how he

worked, for better or worse. Still, she didn’t seem to have any actual problems with the plan.
She just needed to be ready to move for any scenario – same as before.
That being said, kneeling on the ground as ropes were (loosely) tied around his wrists was
not a pleasant experience. More than once, his vision flashed back to when he was first
caught outside Sae’s Palace by the horde of police that awaited him. He could still feel the
phantom sensation of knees on his back, forcing him to the ground, and the rough fibers of
the rope became the thin, sharp sensation of metal handcuffs around his wrists.
Multiple times, he had to force himself to breathe and focus on his surroundings. He wasn’t
outside Sae’s Palace anymore, or anywhere near Tokyo. He was here in the distant past,
intentionally setting himself up as bait. Nero wouldn’t betray him. Loki and Joan were on
hand in case anything went wrong. The officer that the emperor had tying him up and holding
him ‘custody’ was completely loyal to Nero. In fact, he was the officer who witnessed him
dig the trench with Hecatoncheires. He just needed to focus on these facts and force down his
irrational panic.
I shouldn’t be getting used to this , he thought bitterly. Yet here I am.
“Are you alright, centurion?” Nero asked in concern. “You look almost ill.”
Despite everything, Ren forced himself to smile, grateful for the distraction. “Some bad
memories,” he admitted. “It’s no big deal though. Once we get things going, it’ll all pay off.”
Nero frowned slightly but said nothing further. Meanwhile, the officer tugged at the ropes
around Ren’s wrists. “There we are,” he muttered in satisfaction. “How’s it feel, centurion?”
Ren checked by giving the ropes a tiny tug. Just from that alone he could feel them yielding.
He grinned up at the officer. “Like they’ll fall off at any second,” he responded honestly.
The officer laughed and clapped Ren hard on the back, almost pitching him face-first to the
floor. “Good!” he boomed. “Exactly the way I wanted them! Been a while since I tied
something a bit different!”
Nero raised an eyebrow. “You had much experience tying ropes?” she asked out of curiosity.
Blinking, the officer turned and saluted. “Yes, imperator!” he replied as if remembering
where he was. “I was a sailor before being inducted into the army! From hoisting the sails to
tying the rigging, there is no shortage of things that need tying up!”
The emperor nodded pensively. “Your name and rank?” she asked.
“Optio Glauca Ignatius, Imperator!” he responded. Now that Ren thought about it, he never
got the opportunity to ask the man’s name. At least now he knew. He made sure to dedicate it
to memory.
Nero nodded. “I shall remember it,” she replied earnestly. “Now that we have everything set
up, let us begin the trap.” Thus, soldiers were summoned, given their orders, and were sent
running to call on the officers. As news reached them, they gradually began filing in, all with

their own reactions. Despite it all, Ren kept his head down and waited until the perfect
opportunity – and the trap was sprung.
Ren watched as everything went with surprisingly few complications. It was definitely an
odd feeling – mere seconds ago, he was where Asisculus was, with a blade at his neck, and
now he stood beside Nero instead of him. The reversal made him slightly dizzy, but it worked
out. He glanced around him with the Third Eye. With everyone’s attention on Cerberus, and
with Nero and Asisculus focused on each other, no one noticed his eyes turning red once
more.
As the room darkened, everyone was highlighted around him once more. Normally, people he
didn’t wish to pay attention to or had nothing to offer were dulled out, but in a room filled
with conspiring officers, with their leader kneeling on the floor, everyone was lit up. Several
officers around the room glowed red. Many more glowed yellow. Some glowed blue.
Respectively, potential enemies, neutral, and allies.
Incidentally, the officers with their swords on Asisculus both glowed blue. Good – Nero at
least knew who her most loyal officers were, Asisculus notwithstanding. The legate
himself… he had to blink. Purple? He didn’t expect to see such a color. Color theory stated
that purple was a combination of red and blue, which both intrigued Ren and made him wary.
Things were certainly a bit more complicated than he thought.
“How can we accept anything he says?” snarled one of the spectating officers. “For all we
know he has been bewitched by one of the foreigners! Be it the one outside the walls or the
one standing beside you! Imperator, I ask you to reconsider this!” Several officers murmured
or even shouted their assent – and were quickly silenced as Cerberus rounded on them with a
growl. The officer who spoke flinched but otherwise kept his composure.
Ren had to respect the officer despite that outburst. There was a reason why he brought out
Cerberus – as the guardian of the Underworld, he oversaw the boundary between the world of
the living and of the dead and made sure denizens of one couldn’t enter or escape to the other.
While he wasn’t a judge of the Underworld, these Romans would know of Cerberus despite
his different shape and would be on their best behavior. To protest despite the hound’s
presence took a lot of nerve.
He idly wondered what would happen if one of these officers or soldiers tossed a honey cake
at Cerberus. Most likely he would have to rein in the hound from being exploited in such a
manner, but he made a mental note to prepare sweets in the Thieves Den for Cerberus. A
small bit of pressure from his persona only confirmed the decision and despite the
seriousness of the situation, he almost smiled.
“I trust the centurion,” Nero growled back, reclining in her seat with a stern expression. “He
and his allies have led us to countless victories thus far. If he truly wanted us defeated, he
could’ve set upon us back at the Appian Road and easily conquered Rome for the United
Roman Empire.”
“He must’ve been enticed!” another officer barked. “That cannot be discounted!”

“And what proof do you have of this?” Nero shot back. “Here in front of all of you is the
evidence of the legate’s and the officers’ doings. What proof do you have of centurion
Amamiya’s wrongdoings? If you have any, bring it forth at once so I can consider it for the
tribunal!”
“He isn’t Roman!” yet another officer screeched.
“ENOUGH!” Nero boomed. “All of you are tossing accusations everywhere without
evidence of any sort and simply barking like rabid dogs! If any of you say anything else out
of turn, I will have you tossed over the walls and let the enemy decide your fate! Am I
clear!?”
Cerberus growled to emphasize her point. The officers immediately quieted down, some
looking fit to burst but giving wary glances at both the persona and their emperor. Threat
aside, Ren was at least glad they could make some progress. He had to wonder how Yoshida
dealt with politicians and his constituents if so many of them were like this.
Well, he could guess that losing his calm like Nero had probably wouldn’t be one of his
methods.
“Now, legate, speak,” Nero demanded, staring down at her supreme commander. “Why did
you instigate all this?”
Asisculus gulped as if deciding what to say. “Before I speak, imperator, I ask you for a boon
from you.”
Nero raised an eyebrow. “You are rather bold to ask for one at this point,” she replied. “What
boon do you ask for?”
The legate bowed his head to the ground. “My subordinates were merely following my
orders,” he murmured. “Please, spare them your wrath. They are loyal, competent men and
do not deserve it. They will serve you well.”
The emperor narrowed her eyes. “I thought you were a fool to enact such an asinine plan to
begin with, but you’re a greater one than I expected,” she spat. “You have been found beyond
guilty of treason and had your subordinates working to undermine the campaign and my
authority, and you have the temerity to plead for clemency for your subordinates?! When any
of them could easily resume what you have begun in the first place?!?” Asisculus flinched at
the accusations but kept his head down without retorting.
Ren reached over and placed a gentle hand on Nero’s shoulder – and frowned as he could feel
the intensity of the glares from the other officers. He ignored them, however. Nero needed to
calm down, and judging from the surprised glance from the emperor before she closed her
eyes and took a deep breath, she agreed.
“I cannot easily allow such trespasses of my authority to go lightly, legate,” she stated in a
more even tone. “I will take your case and your words into account and make my decision,
but until then, I cannot promise or guarantee such a boon.”

Asisculus nodded. “You speak sense, Imperator,” he murmured, accepting the decision. “I
bow to your wisdom.”
Nero scoffed. “Enough flattery,” she snapped. “Speak. Why did you conspire against me and
the centurion?”
The legate knelt back up. As he did so, the gladius that was at his neck sliced at his skin,
causing a rivulet of blood to drip down. “Imperator, this campaign is a foolhardy plan,” he
began. “We are outnumbered not two to one, not five to one, not even ten to one. Our
manpower, supplies, and reserves are at the brink of exhaustion. Our enemies, however, are
utterly inexhaustible in every sense of the word. They can simply grind us to dust almost as
sure as the Fates will cut our thread.”
Ren frowned. That comparison was definitely deliberate considering how often he had used
the three sisters throughout the singularity. Glancing around, he could see the officers
nodding at Asisculus’s arguments or at the very least in deep consideration for his words.
Still, it wasn’t his place to interfere. This was Nero’s arena. All he could do was listen and
rein in Nero in case she was going too far. From everything he had seen of the emperor, he
trusted her, and he would continue to do so.
“The glory of the Roman Empire is and always shall be eternal,” he stated. “There is no
question about that. However, the very progenitor stands as our foe. Our enemies have named
themselves the United Roman Empire. Even the citizens who have defected to them are
treated as their own citizens in turn.” He reached down slowly and, ignoring the blade
pressing harder against his neck, fished out a folded-up paper from a pocket.
Nero took the paper and read it, her eyes narrowing. Ren only caught a few sentences
glancing over her shoulder. “Who is this from?” she demanded, looking back up at the legate.
“My brother, Imperator,” he answered. “He and his family lived at the western fringes of the
empire and were the earliest to defect. Long have I wrestled with this fact, and yet I still
receive letters from them. They are treated well and say that their lives have not changed.
Even now, they are one of the governors within the United Roman Empire, ensuring
prosperity for all in his domain.”
“Glad tidings for him,” The emperor responded coldly as she tossed down the letter. “Such
good news would be enough to sway almost anyone, including my most trusted commander.
It almost begs the question of why you didn’t defect earlier in the first place and save me the
trouble. Unfortunately, it would seem your opportunity has passed and you are only left with
my decree. Still, as a reward for your services up until now, I will negotiate with Alexander
and Waver to send your body to your family.”
Ren glanced over at Nero in barely suppressed shock but again, held his tongue. Much as he
wanted to prevent any more killing or death, the cold wrath of the emperor was clear.
Whatever she decreed to be the man’s fate. He couldn’t interfere, not without inviting severe
repercussions. Just as Nero opened her mouth to proclaim the legate’s punishment…
“My betrayal was not for my or my family’s sake, but YOURS, IMPERATOR!” Asisculus
roared.

The announcement rang out throughout the entire room, leaving everyone – Nero, Ren, the
officers, and Joan – stunned. Blinking multiple times, Nero fell back into her seat in shock
before her face fell back into impassive fury. “And now we hear the most foolish statement of
them all,” she declared. “Speak your piece, Asisculus. How could betrayal against me, your
emperor, be possibly for my sake?”
The legate straightened himself, staring straight into Nero’s eyes. “The enemy has offered
incredibly kind terms, time and time again,” he explained. “Even now, after many victories,
they would extend mercy – no, not mercy. Nothing so condescending. Rather, a union of our
power and glory. With them, the Roman Empire would be far greater than ever before. It
would herald a new golden age for all of us!”
“I still have yet to hear how this is for my sake,” Nero growled, her already thin patience
rapidly dwindling.
There was a pause. “Because you are our emperor,” Asisculus whispered. “If you were to fall
in battle, it would be a disgrace. What you have achieved will be buried and forgotten. Were
you to capitulate and join the United Roman Empire, however, you may not be an emperor,
but you will still be our emperor. Your power, your capability, your grace would live on and
radiate even further! You would be venerated and honored as one of the greatest emperors of
the empire for all time! And you would be allied with the progenitor of Rome! There would
be no shame in capitulating to him!”
He looked back up, tears running down his face. “I refuse to see my emperor cowed and
defeated,” he declared. “Your glory deserves to be known far and wide, not burnt out like a
candle here, Imperator. From the day I joined the army to now, that is what guides my every
action. For your glory.”
Once more, a shocked silence rang through the room. Nero looked to be at an utter loss for
words, and Ren couldn’t blame her. The man had declared that he had done all this for the
sake of Nero – so she could live and while diminished, would rebuild her own image and
become just as great, if not greater than before. It was a rather selfish motivation masking
behind a selfless one, something he was all too familiar with, yet it was one he sympathized
with.
“And what of your plans to kill the centurion?” Nero asked quietly as she processed what the
legate just told her. “Why did you carry out such a heinous plan?”
Asisculus breathed out a heavy sigh. “That was on suggestion of the enemy commander,
Waver Velvet,” he reluctantly admitted. “He had correctly identified him as the linchpin of
our army. If he was eliminated, then the defense would quickly crumble, and you would
perhaps be more amenable to a ceasefire and surrender, Imperator.”
He met Ren’s shocked gaze. “If it is to preserve the empire and you, Imperator, and to ensure
your glory grows every greater, then I will not hesitate,” he declared, his gaze unyielding
from the Phantom Thief. “If the sacrifice is one outsider, despite all his contributions and
sacrifices, then so be it. I will be the one to wield the knife, if need be, and cut him down.”

Ren had no answer. How could he? The man had declared that, with his twisted loyalty, he
would go directly against his emperor just to protect them. He hadn’t checked but he had no
doubt the legate would have a Palace. Unfortunately, taking his heart simply wasn’t possible.
They didn’t have the time, resources, or even information to do so right now. Things were
moving far too quickly and one way or another, it all needed to be resolved.
Still, the purple coloration in the Third Eye now made sense. The legate had acted out of
loyalty and for what he thought had been best – for the empire and for the emperor. However,
said actions almost got him killed and would’ve led to the downfall of the Roman Empire as
they knew it. What was the old saying - something about the path to hell and good intentions?
It certainly felt apt here.
Nero sighed. Instead of the rage she previously held, she now looked utterly exhausted.
“While I understand your intentions, legate, I cannot believe you were this foolish,” she
sighed, rubbing her temples to mitigate an oncoming headache. She couldn’t even tell if this
was one of her usual migraines or if she was just tired of all this. At this point, it wouldn’t be
surprising if it was both.
Asisculus blinked in surprise, unexpecting the emperor’s changed in attitude. “Imperator?” he
inquired.
She stood up. “Do you not understand, all of you?” she asked, looking at all the assembled
officers. “You are not incorrect – the United Roman Empire may lead the Roman Empire to a
greater age than it has ever seen. I have bore witness to their strength time and time again.
Legate, the letter you have shown me also shows that they are capable administrators and
rulers. Perhaps they would lead to a new golden age of prosperity.”
“But I ask you,“ she demanded. “Is that the Roman Empire?”
The assembled officers broke into surprised murmuring as they talked amongst themselves.
Asisculus could only blink as Ren watched impassively. Honestly, he was curious to see
where Nero was going with this.
“The United Roman Empire is led by the progenitor of Rome himself, yes,” Nero began.
“There can be no greater symbol of pride than that. However, much has changed since then.
While we must honor the holy progenitor and those who came before us, those who live in
the empire now must look to the present and beyond – to greater glory, to greater expanse, to
greater prosperity! Our past, no matter how grand, should not overshadow what the future
can be!”
She marched over and opened the balcony door, revealing the city of Massalia as she turned
back to everyone, spreading her arms wide. “This is the Roman Empire that I love so dearly!”
she declared. “The Empire is not just about its glory, but its people, its soldiers, its art, its
promise, its potential – all of it! Is it perfect? No – but then, neither am I! Both of us have our
blemishes as we trudge forward!”
“And that is why I refuse!” she roared. “This empire is my own that I love with all my heart!
It has its imperfections – and so that is why it is all the more precious! And to debase myself
to something as ephemeral as ‘perfection’, to accept a golden apple if it meant it came with

golden shackles is the epitome of foolishness! No, as the Flower of Olympia, the Emperor of
Roses, I shall decree when the empire shall end, and I decree this: From this sunset onward,
the empire will be my Roman Empire until the day I breathe my last!”
“Now I ask of you - Those who have stood with me, those who have conspired against me,
and those who are wavering one way or the other: Where will you stand?” she cried. “Will
you choose the ephemeral perfection of the United Roman Empire? Or will you blaze forth
with your love for the Empire and see it whole once more?!”
For a moment, there was silence. Then the officers moved at once – organizing themselves in
front of Nero, they all knelt with their fists clasped over their hearts. “We fight with you,
Imperator!” they roared as once. “For the empire!”
Nero nodded in satisfaction. Then she gently stepped forward and stopped in front of
Asisculus. “And what of you, legate?” she murmured, reaching down with a hand. “You
acted on the best of intentions, and I recognize them. However, I have given my answer.
What say you now?”
Asisculus could only stare up at Nero in pure shock, then lapsed into quiet laughter. “Ah, all
this time I thought I was loyal, I missed sight of what was right in front of me,” he
murmured. The legate reached up and pressed the back of her hand against his forehead,
lowering his head. “Forgive me for my crimes and betrayal, Imperator. For this sunset forth,
my life is yours forever to use as you see fit. Never shall my loyalty waver again.”
The emperor nodded with a smile as Ren watched. He witnessed Nero’s entire speech, the
show of loyalty of the officers, and the repentance of the legate. The scene should’ve been
heartwarming and uplifting. At the very least, the emperor and all the officers in the room
were reinvigorated and full of confidence.
And yet, he could only feel a chill running down his spine. Those words were not something
a normal ruler would say. If anything, each one held a far darker weight behind them than
even he expected. And yet, despite everything, it moved the hearts of every officer around
them, and they were willing to follow her to the world’s end.
Unconsciously, his hand reached into his pocket and thumbed his phone. If he had any doubt
before Nero had a Palace, he was sure of it now. But this wasn’t something he could do, not
without jeopardizing everything. For now, everything was back on track. He had to content
himself with that. They just needed to last until reinforcements arrived. And speaking of
everything being back on track…
Where was Loki?
Waver puffed on a cigarette outside the command tent once more. The sun had already set
beyond the horizon. Torches were lit as the shadows lengthened and the night came. The
clouds above had dispersed somewhat, providing windows to the stars high above.
The Caster glanced up at them in idle curiosity. Had they always been this bright? Given the
light pollution back in London, he only caught scant glimpses of them, but here they were far

brighter and more numerous than they expected. No wonder so many cultures mapped out
navigation and prophecies to the stars.
He glanced around with a frown. Normally the reports from the scouts should’ve arrived by
now. Utilizing their respective scouts, he had been communicating with the Roman officers
within, coordinating and suggesting plans to make their emperor more pliable to surrender.
The most important aspect had been dealing with that Master, Ren Amamiya. If he knew
anything about Roman politics, most likely it would lead to a bloody end, but that was war.
Blowing out a stream of smoke, he glanced over at the city with a frown. He had received
information that they would be carrying out the plan late afternoon. If it succeeded, the city
should be in a state of turmoil, with plenty of holes in their defenses he could poke through.
Yet so far, there were no signs of anything amiss. Did the plan fail? That was the only thing
he could think of.
Waver could only sigh. Well, it was probably to be expected. A magus was probably used to
all sorts of backhanded, treacherous tactics like the Romans would employ. Most likely he
would’ve been on guard about the whole situation. It would be a simple matter to deal with
any half-baked assassination plots, no matter how much control over his forces the legate
had.
Still, there were other plans. The soldiers were currently digging a tunnel underneath, aiming
toward the walls. With their tirelessness and lack of fear, they should reach the walls around
mid afternoon tomorrow. Once the walls were undermined, they could surge through the
opening, overwhelm the defenses, and secure victory.
And of course, the siege engines were currently under construction. The ladders and siege
towers were to be made especially sturdy so they could reach the walls without issue. And
while the defenders were distracted, the armored cart would take copious amounts of pitch
and crash against the main gate. A few gusts from his magecraft and it would be reduced to
cinders in no time.
Taking the burnt-out cigarette out of his mouth, he tossed it to the ground and stamped it out.
He was hoping for a less messy plan, but he never expected a campaign to go quite so well.
Stepping back into the tent, the young conqueror looked up from the map he had been staring
at and cocked his head to the side. “I know that face,” he said without preamble. “I take it one
of your plans has failed?”
“Sad it is to admit, yes,” Wave replied with a sigh as he scratched his head. “It seems victory
will be slightly less clean than expected. Apologies, my liege.”
Alexander blinked, then laughed uproariously. “You take yourself far too seriously, Waver!”
he boomed. “If every plan of yours worked without an issue, then it would simply mean our
opponents weren’t worthy after all. Plus, it would be boring! This is what conquering’s all
about! Besides, even as you say that, you already have more plans and schemes currently at
work, right?”

Despite everything, the Rider’s infectious energy caused Waver to smile wryly. “A few,” he
admitted.
The young conqueror nodded as if expecting the answer. “Then there is little to worry about!”
he said confidently. “I have no doubt that you’ll lead me to victory, Waver. After that, we will
have an entire empire and the world beyond! It’ll be a grand conquest to be sung about
through the ages!”
Waver smiled once more and bowed. “Without a doubt, my liege,” he agreed.
“You certainly have a lot of confidence, but I guess that’s to be expected.”
Both Servants whirled about, with Waver summoning a fan and Alexander his xiphos, and
aimed it at the figure behind them: A young woman with longer brown hair, wearing tan suitlike clothes, casually sipping a cup of wine. “Forgive me, I decided to sample the vintage,”
she commented casually. “I didn’t have a chance back at the banquet and frankly, I thought it
a shame I didn’t have a taste. It is most delectable, I must say.”
Alexander blinked, then grinned as he lowered his blade. “Ah, forgive me,” he replied. “You
were the one guarding the Master, correct? I’m sorry you haven’t had a chance to try any of
it. Please, I invite you to drink your fill! But do tell me, to what do I owe the pleasure of your
acquaintance?”
Loki smiled as they swirled the wine in their cup, watching the dark liquid move. “Why, to
thank you,” they said. “My Master has long ignored the brutality of war and the darkness of
humanity around him, even after many pitched battles and beholding the calamity in front of
him. He’s rather naïve like that. But he seems to have at least woken up somewhat thanks to
your plans. For that, I must thank you for such a valuable learning experience. And so, I’ve
prepared two gifts for you.”
Waver blinked in surprise before his eyes narrowed in suspicion. “How generous of you,” he
said evenly without lowering his fan. “And what would those gifts be?”
The trickster god held up two fingers. “The first is a gift of food,” they said. “One that has
been distributed among the officers’ meals. I’m sure they’ll find the flavor quite pleasant,
though the taste may clash with the savory stews they’ve been having.”
Their smile widened. “I do hear that belladonna berries have a sweet tinge to them, after all.”
Alexander’s and Waver’s eyes widened. Almost on cue, they whirled about as they heard
sounds of pained groaning and screaming echoing throughout the camp. “It was easier than I
thought, bestowing this gift,” Loki remarked as they over their fingernails casually. “Simply
shapeshift into a Roman with one of those ridiculous plumes on their helmets and nobody
bats an eye. It’s honestly rather amusing.”
Both Servants glared at Loki, but they weren’t done yet. “The second gift is a gift of
strength,” they continued. “Admittedly I have not used this before, but please, do take it with
my blessing.”

Before either Servant could react, Loki snapped their fingers. A dark energy erupted and
surrounded Waver, causing him to scream in anguish. “WAVER!” Alexander cried before
turning to glare at Loki. “What did you do?!”
“Exactly what I said,” Loki replied with a smirk. “Even the feeblest existences can gain
tremendous power once the chains on its heart are broken. Please, enjoy the gift.” With a roar
of rage, Alexander charged, slashing at Loki – and sliced through the tent, leaving nothing
but a tear. It was as if the Servant was never there in the first place.
The energy dissipated and Alexander looked at Waver, who was on his knees, panting. Yet
despite everything, something was wrong. “Waver…?” he called out softly.
Waver slowly stood up and turned towards Alexander, his glasses fallen from his face. The
man’s face had gone completely ashen pale. Any semblance of his usual decorum was
completely gone. But that wasn’t what Alexander could focus on.
No, his eyes had rolled back into his head, showing the horrifying whites of his eyes bulging
out of its sockets. Black liquid streamed out from his eyes and mouth, rendering his visage
even more horrifying. He silently took a step toward the Rider as Alexander backed away in
fear. And another. And another. And then he lunged.
“WAVER!!!”

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story or the background lore, join the Discord! You'll get
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/AFmm5qfE83

Chapter 81: Relief
Chapter Summary

Everyone takes a breath.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren could only sigh in exhaustion as he collapsed on his bed once more. The half-eaten
poisoned dinner had long since been removed from his room, leaving his table bare. While he
could probably ask for some more food, after everything he had been through, he wasn’t
hungry in the slightest. Rather, his entire body felt like jelly after everything that had
happened. Everything may have turned out well, but frankly it wasn’t a situation he felt like
repeating again.
The command structure had been shuffled. Many of the commanders who had been found to
have more selfish desires were demoted or otherwise punished, with their underlings or
proven soldiers promoted. Glauca was promoted from an Optio to a full-on Centurion,
matching Ren’s rank. Ren didn’t even know he had outranked him, given how he reacted
when they first interacted, but then he wasn’t too concerned about ranks and titles anyway.
The biggest surprise was when Asisculus was allowed to keep his rank and command. Many
of the officers protested against such a ruling, especially those who were loyal to Nero from
the start. Even Ren was skeptical – the man ironically had betrayed his own emperor out of
twisted loyalty for her. What’s stopping him from doing so yet again? And worst of all, how
could he suffer no consequences for his treason?
“He committed all of this due to his loyalty to me,” Nero had declared. “He has learned and
repented so I shall forgive him this once! Rest assured that if he betrays me once more, I shall
not hesitate to make an example of him!” There was some grumbling about it but that was
that. No one wanted to press the point against their emperor and at the very least, the legate
did look contrite. No doubt everyone would be watching him like a hawk, however.
Ren had to sigh. He never thought war was a simple affair, but frankly living it was a
different matter entirely. He was thankful there were surprisingly little to no civilian
casualties or destruction – he was aware enemy invaders tend to be less than pleasant with the
citizenry but so far, the worst they saw was desertion of the cities and villages with barely
anything left behind in terms of things like foodstuffs.
He could feel his eyelids starting to get heavier, and with a deep sigh and great effort, heaved
himself off the bed. As much as he wanted to get to sleep and recover from this long day,
there was still one last thing he needed to do or he’d catch unholy hell later. He sat back

down at the table, closing the window shades. Taking off the communicator, he activated it as
he wiped off the band of sweat that accumulated underneath.
A moment later, Roman, Ritsu, and Morgana all appeared on the holographic interface. “
Ren!” Roman cried out in relief. “ If you’re calling, that means everything’s been resolved,
right?
The Phantom Thief smiled tiredly and nodded. “Yep,” he confirmed. “Had to jump through a
couple hoops but in the end, everything’s been taken care of.”
“ Ha!” Morgana laughed. “ That’s our fearless leader for you!” Despite the words of support,
it was clear from his red eyes that he had been worrying sick. He’d have to make him some
extra-special curry for Morgana when he got the chance.
“ But still, the heck happened?!” Ritsu demanded, looking in a similar state to Morgana. “
You got poisoned, there was some ridiculous conspiracy, and now you’re here telling
everything’s alright?! Come on, there’s gotta be a helluva story to tell, at least for the
record!”
Ren blinked, then chuckled. “You could say that,” he admitted. Recounting from right after
he had been dismissed from the battle, he told them the entire story of how he had been
poisoned, how he dug up information of everything that had happened, and the impromptu
tribunal that occurred in Nero’s room, as well as the results. After they finished, there was
silence as all of them digested the story and information.
In the end, Ritsu was the first to speak up on the matter. “ They’re insane, you’re insane,
everything’s insane, ” she stated bluntly.
The statement caught Ren so off-guard that he burst out laughing. Leave it to Ritsu to sum
the whole thing up in her usual manner. “Can’t argue with any of that,” he cheerfully
admitted through chuckles. “At the very least, it seems everything’s been smoothed out so it
worked out in the end. Speaking of which…” He glanced over at Roman. “Any luck as to
why the poison didn’t affect me?”
Roman blinked and pulled up another monitor. “ Apparently, we have Mash to thank for that
,” he replied as he looked over Da Vinci’s findings.
All three Masters blinked in surprise. “ Mind elaborating on that, Roman? ” Morgana
inquired skeptically.
The doctor took a deep breath as he considered how to concisely explain this. “To be entirely
honest with you,” he began. “Mash is an anomaly as far as Servants go. There have been no
records of a Shielder class Servant and hence we don’t know their full capabilities. Coupled
with the fact that we don’t know which heroic spirit has taken up residence in Mash and
we’re kind of left putting together bits and pieces here.”
“ That being said, Da Vinci has been doing a deep dive into the data,” he continued. “ And it
appears that there’s one particular aspect of Mash that has caught her eye. We’ve been
working on the current theory that a Shield class Servant specializes in defense more than

most other Servants, even the likes of Cu Chulainn or Leonidas, whose greatest legends
involve defending a specific point. However, we may have greatly underestimated just how far
that protection extends.”
Ren crossed his arms, his weariness falling away as he listened with a frown. He remembered
what they taught him about the various classes: Saber, Archer, Lancer, Rider, Caster,
Assassin, and Berserker. Each of them had their inherent advantages and disadvantages,
though that can vary depending on the Servant’s individual skills, abilities, and Noble
Phantasms. Then there was the Ruler class – Jeanne – and the Avenger class – Loki. He
hadn’t received any notes or lessons about those two classes, but as extraordinary as they are,
it seemed Chaldea knew at least how to deal with them.
But Shielder… Well, from what little he gathered, there was next to no information and
they’re just working on the fly. Well, they’d figure it out as they went. That was how he and
his friends handled their personas and Palaces, anyway.
“ While we’re still figuring things out, it would seem that Mash has passive skills specializing
in protecting her Master,” Roman concluded. “ In this case, poison immunity. That’s why the
poison in your dinner, Ren, didn’t affect you – or rather, wasn’t given the chance to. It was
introduced into your system but was broken down and negated before they could begin any
reactions that would harm your body.”
Ren blinked in surprise. He knew Mash was amazing, but he didn’t expect it to extend to this
point. “I’m guessing the poison immunity covers all of us, then?” he asked.
Roman nodded. “ From what I can see, yes ,” he replied, once more glancing over at Da
Vinci’s report. “ I wasn’t sure if her protection is just one Master or all, but it seems to cover
all of you. That being said, we’re still unsure if the effect is diluted when spread to three
Masters or not, so please try to avoid being poisoned. In the meantime, Da Vinci said she’ll
be looking into an anti-toxin functionality for the Master uniforms as well as Morgana’s scarf
just in case.”
“A shame,” Ren sighed dramatically. “I was hoping to add belladonna berries to my evening
porridge from now on. It definitely gave it a nice, tangy taste, to be honest. It was a nice
change of pace.” The reactions of the other three were immediate.
“ Joker, for heaven’s sake!” Morgana screeched as he held his head in outrage.
“ I will suplex you so hard if you even try, buster!” Ritsu snarled, with a glare that caused
cold chills to go up Ren’s spine.
“ Ren, I beg of you, for the sake of my heart and my sanity, please don’t do anything like that,
” Roman all but pleaded, looking close to tears.
Ren grinned ruefully and rubbed the back of his neck. “Right, sorry,” he apologized. Even he
felt that joke was a bit too far, given current circumstances. He still couldn’t really stop
himself from joking around, especially when a situation is bad. Even the other Thieves at
times admonished him at times for it. It was a bad habit he really needed to fix.

“At any rate, that’s it for my report here,” Ren finished. “The siege will probably kick back
up tomorrow or so, so I’m gonna catch some sleep. Is there anything else we need to cover?”
All three of them stared at him, then simultaneously sighed. “ No, that’s it for now, ” Roman
replied tiredly. “ Just… Can you please stop scaring us to death? We understand risks are
necessary but you’re taking on far too much. We really can’t afford you… out of commission.
”
‘Dead’ was the term Roman tried to censor, and everyone knew it. Regardless, Ren smiled
weakly. “I’ll do what I can,” he replied earnestly. “Trouble does have its way of finding its
way to me though, so I can’t make any promises.”
“ Do you get into trouble because you’re a Phantom Thief, or did you become a Phantom
Thief because of how often you get into trouble?” Ritsu grumbled.
Ren chuckled. “The latter,” he admitted. “You guys have a good night.” With that, he cut off
communication for the evening. Getting up, he collapsed back on the bed again, heaving a
heavy sigh as he massaged his temples. Then he stopped. Odd. His hands felt a bit stiffer than
he expected.
He glanced at his hands– and started as he stared at the dried blood coating them. Suddenly,
the image of the dead soldier flashed in his mind once again, trying to staunch the bleeding as
the healing too effect – and was only a split second too late. With a heavy sigh, he allowed
his hands to drop back onto the bed. Now that he was done with the whole situation, he didn’t
have anything to distract him from his failure.
The Phantom Thief could only replay the situation in his mind. How could he have handled
the situation better? The fact that there were two of them made things more complicated. If
he focused on healing, then the soldiers would’ve had a second to do anything – attack him
while he was distracted, yell for help, push past him and escape, and much more. What if he
had activated his Third Eye before coming down the stairs? Would he have been able to
distinguish between the soldier and assassins and work accordingly? No – he couldn’t rely on
the Third Eye too much, and it was more than possible he would make a mistake and attack
the wrong person. The Third Eye was great, but it wasn’t infallible.
Scenarios, what-ifs, self-admonitions, and revisions kept dancing in his head until it felt
almost fit to burst. In the end, there was only one conclusion he could come to: Whatever he
did, however he did it, it simply wasn’t enough . He didn’t know enough, he wasn’t fast
enough, he wasn’t capable enough. Every single way he turned, he found himself lacking in
some way, shape, or form.
His hand tightened into fists. Is this truly his limit? Is this all he could really do? To hell with
that. Every single area he was lacking when he was back in Tokyo, whether it was his
courage, his knowledge, his dexterity, and more, he worked hard to overcome. This would be
no different. He simply slacked off far too much ever since he came to Chaldea. Once he got
back and could plan properly, that would change.
But for now, with a sigh, he slowly stood back up, grunting as his body once again protested.
Grabbing the bottle of water, he shambled outside.

At the very least, he could rinse off his hands.
Ritsu watched as Ren cut off communications. She breathed a heavy sigh as she sat back,
staring up at the fabric of her tent. They were still a few days out from Massilia, but ever
since she relayed the news about the siege, they had been marching double-time. Her legs
ached something fierce but even she knew this wasn’t the time to complain. A similar
sentiment had been echoed among the soldiers, but none of them seriously protested to either
Boudica or Spartacus.
Ever since the retaking of Gaul and the defeat of Caesar, sentiments among the army had
been… mixed. Though Caesar had been their enemy, he was still one of the greatest emperors
of the Roman Empire. To see him fall under Spartacus’s blade, especially after the gladiator
had assumed such a monstrous form, left many of the soldiers whispering and muttering
among themselves. As such, the Berserker had been keeping himself scarce in turn, either on
patrol and scouting or meeting with Boudica by himself to consult with her on their next
move. He knew better than to cause more friction within the camp when the situation was
urgent.
As for the Iceni queen, the opposite had happened. Her command of the Roman army in
retaking the castle before breaking away and fending off the reinforcements with only Mash
in tow had won her a surprising amount of favor with the troops. While they weren’t exactly
singing her praises, there was certainly a lot less grumbling about her command or her
personal history. At the very least, they believed she had their best interests in mind. For her,
that would be enough.
Or rather, she hoped it wouldn’t go any further than that.
In the meantime, Ritsu glanced up at Mash, who had been sitting on her own bunk across
from her, and grinned. “Like I said, Mash, you’re amazing,” she declared to the Shielder.
Mash forced herself to swallow and nod. She had been sitting here the entire time, listening
in on the report. It was unintentional – she had finished her patrol just as the conference had
started, but Ritsu for some reason hadn’t introduced her into the conversation and she didn’t
speak up. Instead, she sat nearby and listened. She heard more than she expected – including
how her ability had saved Ren from being harmed.
The grin on Ritsu’s face slowly fell into a frown as she looked at her companion in concern.
“What’s wrong?” she asked. “I thought you’d be happier.”
The lilac-haired girl blinked in surprise, then she looked back down. “B-because… I’m not
sure if it’s something I should be proud of,” she murmured. “I did protect Ren-senpai, yes,
but… it wasn’t because of anything I did. It was the power of the heroic spirit that dwells
within me instead of anything I’ve done. I can’t claim any credit for protecting Ren-senpai. It
simply… happened.”
Ritsu considered it. Mash was technically right – she didn’t exactly do anything to help or
protect Ren. It was just a consequence of whoever was possessing her. And even then, they
had no clue if said heroic spirit was even intentionally protecting them or again, it was just

their presence. Overall, everything was solved by them doing nothing. She could see why
that wouldn’t sit well with Mash. That being said, though, in her eyes…
“What’s so wrong about that?” Ritsu inquired.
Mash blinked in surprise. “I beg your pardon?” she asked.
“There’s a lot of things a person can do just by being there,” the Master explained, stretching.
“The Phantom Thieves can’t steal every single heart out there for loads of reasons. But their
presence inspires people to be better and for the bad guys to clean up their acts. All that, just
from being there. They don’t have to do anything. Similar case here.”
“But,” the Shielder countered. “The Phantom Thieves acted and worked hard to create that
presence where their influence has a beneficial effect on others. On the other hand, I have not
done anything to warrant it. It’s because of the heroic spirit within me. I have not done
anything.”
“Bullcrap,” Ritsu bluntly stated, surprising Mash. “Heroic spirit this, heroic spirit that, I don’t
give a damn. Sure, it may be the heroic spirit giving you these abilities, but who’s ultimately
using these abilities? Well?”
Mash blinked. “Um… me?” she hesitantly answered.
The Master raised an eyebrow. “Sorry, I can’t hear uncertainty well,” she said. “Who’s
ultimately using these abilities?”
“I am,” Mash replied with a bit more certainty.
“Who’s using the shield and busting her ass to keep all of us safe?” Ritsu continued. “Who’s
the one who fought and took down Leonidas while also protecting Ren? Who’s the one who
had Ren and Morgana’s back from the very start, even when you didn’t know what precisely
you could do, and they had your back in turn?”
“Me,” the Shielder replied.
“And who-“ Ritsu declared as she stood up and marched toward Mash, who only stared up at
her with wide eyes and started sidling nervously backward. “Is the most awesome Shielder,
and that if she could control her abilities, would do everything she can to protect us and be
more awesome, and therefore questioning that her not doing anything is entirely a moot
point?” She slammed her hands down on the bunk on either side of Mash and got in her face,
only an inch away from hers. “Well?”
“…. Me?” Mash squeaked, staring up at her senpai’s eyes as her face slowly turned a deep
shade of crimson.
“You’re damn right,” Ritsu stated with a satisfied nod. “So don’t ever think you’re not doing
enough – you’re doing plenty, and you’re awesome by just being you. Never forget that for
an instant, alright?”

Mash blinked, then nodded. Right. Ren-senpai trusted her, but it was clear Ritsu-senpai
trusted her as well. And she was right – if she could control this poison immunity, she
would’ve applied it to all her Masters regardless. Perhaps she was worried over nothing. “I
won’t,” she replied quietly. “Thank you, Ritsu-senpai.”
Ritsu nodded with a broad grin on her face. “So long as you understand,” she said happily as
she got back up. She turned around – and squawked as she stumbled, her strained legs giving
out on her, and fell backward onto Mash. The shielder in turn reflexively moved her arms
around Ritsu to secure her and make sure she was safe. The redhead looked up at Mash and
grinned ruefully. “Eheh, sorry,” she apologized. “It seems the stress of the march got to me
more than I thought.”
“Oh, it’s not a problem, R-Ritsu-senpai,” she stammered, feeling more warmth climb up her
face as she stared down at the redhead in her arms. Then an idea crept into her head. Tamamo
at the moment was out on patrol so this would be an ideal opportunity. “Erm, if you like,
Ritsu-senpai,” she hesitantly suggested. “Perhaps I could massage your legs a bit? I don’t
have much practice, admittedly, so if you wish to wait for Tamamo…”
Her words trailed off as she noticed Ritsu’s reaction – specifically her eyes widening more
and more, her mouth hanging slightly open. “… Am I in heaven…?” she whispered.
Mash could only blink in surprise at the question. “Um… I don’t believe so, Ritsu-senpai?”
she replied confusedly.
“Welp, heaven or not, I’m taking the opportunity!” Ritsu declared with a broad grin. As she
scrambled off Mash to get herself into a better position, the Shielder merely smiled despite
herself. Her senpais were unique but good people. She had much to learn from both of them,
and she would protect them with all her power.
She would make sure of it.
Throughout the day and night, the ships didn’t stop. Making their way north towards the
continent, two ships, laden with supplies and soldiers, sailed the Mediterranean. When the
winds weren’t in their favor, the soldiers took shifts rowing to the beat of a massive drum,
making steady and sure progress no matter the situation. Yet despite the strain and breakneck
pace they were moving, none of the soldiers complained. They were all briefed and knew the
stakes.
Helming the two ships were, surprisingly enough, Medusa and Astolfo. As Riders with
considerable skills in Riding – in this case, operating vehicles – they were more than adept at
handling the ships. It took a bit of persuasion to convince Evander, but after seeing what the
two Riders could do, the legate immediately ordered all forces to heed whatever nautical
commands they issued. Thus, the two ships far outstripped the rest of the Roman contingent
as they raced ahead to reinforce Massilia.
Morgana sighed as he sat on the railing for the ship. The sun had long since set, shrouding the
land in darkness. Above, the skies were cloudless, showing off a tapestry of countless stars

stretching across the night sky. It was an awe-inspiring sight that the catlike being would
normally be more than happy to take in.
However, ever since getting off the call with Ren, he had been fretting to no end. He had
more than enough confidence his best friend would see things through, that didn’t stop him
from worrying. It wasn’t like Tokyo where they could more easily blend in with a crowd –
their actions and presence put them front and center. Not to mention, they at least had a base
in the form of LeBlanc. Here, even among their own supposed allies, they needed to be wary
in case of some conniving traitors. It was enough to drive anyone insane with paranoia.
He glanced behind him. Medusa was right now at the helm, easily turning the wheel like she
had been born all her life for it. Despite the fact she wore a blindfold, she didn’t seem to
hesitate or have any problems, easily navigating currents and catching favorable winds.
Beside her was another soldier – a navigator – who consulted an almanac and a map to ensure
they were maintaining their course. Archer was on the other ship to act as Astolfo’s
babysitter. Considering the other ship was still visible despite the Paladin’s proclivities, he
was most likely doing a good job of it.
“Aren’t cats supposed to be getting twenty hours of beauty sleep, woof? I mean, meow?”
Morgana glanced over to see Tama sauntering over, holding a small wooden platter. He
sighed. “Can’t sleep after all that,” he admitted. “Maybe if I tire myself out first, I’ll be able
to get to sleep. But for now, I’m trying to relax a bit. As much as one can on a warship,
anyway.” Still, he preferred a Roman warship over Shido’s cruise ship. The sheer decadence
of the latter just oozed sleaziness that always put him on edge.
Tama nodded pensively. “Well, today’s problems are today’s problems, but tomorrow’s a new
day,” she chirped. “So why worry so much? And especially when it stops you from sleeping
properly?”
The catlike being rounded on the Berserker in shock and anger at the suggestion, only to be
met with her innocent, inquiring expression. He opened his mouth to retort… and found he
just didn’t have it in him to. It felt like all his arguments felt pointless against the mass of
simplicity that was Tama. Besides, she wasn’t wrong. As much as he lectured Ren on
sleeping properly, he hadn’t been exactly following his own advice.
“It’s a bit more complicated than that,” he sighed. “But I do need to catch up on sleep. Can’t
be heading in tired and all, not when Ren’s counting on me.”
Tama nodded. “True!” she chirped. “And you know what makes one sleepy, Master? A full
belly!” To that end, she set her platter over on a barrel and beckoned. “Perhaps after this,
you’ll be able to sleep well, woof! I mean, meow!”
Morgana blinked in surprise, then deciding to humor her, walked over before hopping onto
the barrel that would serve as a makeshift table – and his eyes widened. On the platter were
small rectangles of meat, neatly cut, carved, and arranged. In the torch light, they gleamed
and glistened, causing Morgana’s mouth to water. “S-S-Sashimi?! AND FATTY TUNA?!?”
he gasped. “Wh-where did you get all th-this?! How?!?”

The Berserker grinned. “It was a matter of going through the food supplies of the soldiers,
and fishing some up myself! I only took one or two fish so they were okay with it, and while
fishing was tricky, I managed just fine, woof! I mean, meow!” Reaching into her robe, she
took out a small pair of chopsticks. They were rough but more than serviceable – it was
obvious she had carved them herself. “Please, enjoy, Master.”
The catlike being blinked in surprise as he accepted the chopsticks from Tama. “Er, why are
you going out of your way for me?” he asked. “I mean, I’m really thankful and all, but… you
really didn’t have to go through all this.”
Tama blinked, smiled enigmatically, and bowed. “It is nothing so complicated, Master,” she
replied simply. “I just believe someone like you deserves all the support and care I can give.
That’s really all there is to it.”
Morgana blinked again. For once he was speechless as the weight of the Berserker’s words
rested on him. Then he sighed. “Well, I’m honored then for your kindness and support,” he
replied. “Still, now that you told me all this, I will only eat this on one condition.”
Blinking, Tama tilted her head to the side. “And what would what be, woof?” she asked
curiously.
“That you join me,” he declared. “Food like this is something you worked hard to get, and
while I’m thankful, I’m not the type to leave a person without the fruits of their labor!
There’s enough for both of us! We can both eat and have full bellies, ready to sleep and be
ready for tomorrow!”
The Berserker blinked in surprise, then smiled. “If that is your wish, Master, then I shall join
you, woof! I mean, meow!” she accepted. With that, they each took a piece of the sashimi,
popped in in their mouths, and delighted as the flavor melted and coated their tongues as they
savored the deliciousness of the carefully prepared fish.
The catlike being ate thoughtfully, staring at the sky as his thoughts raced through his head.
“Hey, Tama?” he said.
“Hm?”
“If you were in a similar situation,” Morgana hesitatingly described. “Where your best friend
is in trouble, what would you do?”
Tama blinked in surprise as she put a paw underneath her chin to think. “Hm,” she hummed.
“I’d run! I’d forgo any naptimes and run as fast as I could! And then I would claw and kick
whoever was giving my best friend trouble until they stopped giving them trouble!” She
popped another cut of sashimi into her mouth, chewing contentedly.
Morgana blinked. “But… don’t you worry if you’re too late?” he asked.
The Berserker shrugged. “Dunno, I don’t think about that, woof,” she replied earnestly. “I
just wanna get there. That’s really all there is to it.”

Again, the catlike being blinked as he considered. He had a lot of other points of discussion
or arguments, but for some reason the more he thought about it, the more they dissolved
away. She made an odd sort of sense – fretting about it wasn’t going to get them there any
faster, and in fact was probably going to tire them out and subsequently slow them down. In
the end, arguing about this any further – especially over a plate of tasty sashimi – was
counterproductive. They were already moving at top speed, with Medusa and Astolfo at the
helm. All they could do was be ready for when they arrived.
A slight scraping sound brought him out of ruminations. Glancing over, he noticed that there
was one last piece of sashimi left – and it was a fatty tuna. “Saved it for you,” Tama chirped
with a smile. Morgana blinked, grinned in gratitude, and popped it in his mouth, enjoying
how it just melted in his mouth.
It was indeed bliss.
Olga breathed out as she watched Ren fall asleep, the image of the real world vanishing. She
had been watching his progress all throughout Massilia, from their rather anticlimactic siege
all the way to the end of the tribunal – and she had also seen what Loki had just done with the
enemy Caster and Rider. To drive Lord El-Melloi II insane in such a manner…
That was a move worthy of someone from the Clock Tower. No, worse. She won’t deny its
effectiveness, but that didn’t mean she had to like it.
She turned back to the others – Igor at his desk, his hands tented as usual, and Lavenza,
faithfully standing beside him with her own Compendium in hand. “What do you make of all
this?” she asked the two of them. Despite her own competence and massive strides, she still
wasn’t precisely sure how the Velvet Room worked once they received information from the
outside. Better to get their opinions and follow their lead for now, unless she disagreed.
Igor’s eyes narrowed. Although his perpetual grin was still there, it was obvious that he was
displeased. “It would seem our dear guest is beset once more by trials,” he murmured. “I will
admit, I did not entirely expect Loki to still have the abilities of his host. It is certainly a
complicated matter.”
Olga frowned as she crossed her arms. “Was his host – Goro Akechi – someone particularly
unique?” she asked. “I was aware that he had crossed blades with Amamiya and Morgana,
but not much more than that.”
“Goro Akechi was also a Wild Card,” Lavenza supplied as Olga glanced over at her. “For
context, both he and my Trickster were chosen as pawns for the imposter’s game. However,
their circumstances could not have been any more different. Goro Akechi was unable to form
proper bonds and only had two Personas as a result: Robin Hood and Loki. He was also
granted the ability to adversely affect shadows, driving them psychotic at will. Our Trickster,
on the other hand, had formed bonds with many people, and they became his strength. Thus,
he was granted his Third Eye – an ability that allows him to see the world for all he desires.”
The former director processed the information. “So, what you’re saying is that Loki, utilizing
their connection with Akechi, who had a persona of them, also has his abilities as well?” she

summed up. “And that ability of driving shadows psychotic – which is what we saw them
using on Lord El Melloi II – has also been transferred?”
“That is the case, yes,” Igor confirmed.
“And we’re not gonna be telling Amamiya about any of this,” Olga also stated more flatly,
already knowing the answer.
“Our role is to guide and assist the Trickster,” Lavenza replied. “We cannot give him answers
easily, else we risk coddling and thereby weakening him. Though it is a risky position, we
must have faith in any and all guests to the Velvet Room to see things through, no matter the
difficulty.”
“We have already granted both our guest and Morgana far more capabilities than other
guests,” Igor added. “We do recognize that the situation is far more dire, but as those who
watch over humanity, we must have faith. That being said, there is another reason we must
not more openly interfere.”
That caught Olga’s attention. “What would that be?” she asked.
Igor’s eyes narrowed once more. “Our existence must not become common knowledge,” he
replied. “For if word of us reaches the ears of whoever is behind the Incineration of
Humanity… I fear that all will be lost. While we are loath to leave our guest in such a
precarious state, to do more is to invite calamity. That cannot be allowed to pass.”
Olga glared at the two of them as more arguments danced at the tip of her tongue, then
sighed. Though she wanted to argue, it was clear the Velvet Room had its own rules and
methods, and she wasn’t about to argue. She could tell from the gazes of Igor and Lavenza
that, while they were sympathetic, they weren’t about to budge, and admittedly, it was for
good reason.
“Then all we can do is prepare and wait until Amamiya needs us,” she concluded wearily. “In
that case, I shall be in the Workshop. Please notify me if my presence is required.” With a
stiff bow, she turned to walk away, vanishing into thin air and leaving the two alone.
Lavenza fiddled with a corner of the Compendium in nervousness. “Master, while I agree that
we must remain faithful to our roles, I do share Olga’s concerns,” she commented. “The
Trickster’s trials are never-ending, and circumstances are far from ideal. And it is still only
the beginning of this journey. Is there nothing more we can do?”
Igor sighed, his body sagging slightly in exhaustion. “We are doing all we can and should,
my dear Lavenza,” he murmured. “Though harsh, our guest needs to become stronger, else
the trials in the end crush him into nothing and we can only lament our failure.” He had seen
many guests come and go, and saw all the potential paths and choices they could take. For
every success he had foreseen, he had also witnessed countless failures.
“Do have faith, my dear Lavenza,” he said, grinning kindly down at his subordinate. “As we
have seen, our guest has completed one journey and come out stronger than ever before. He
is quite capable, is he not?”

The Attendant blinked in surprise, then nodded in agreement. “He is, as expected of my dear
Trickster,” she replied. “I thank you for your words of wisdom, my Master.”
Igor chuckled. “Think nothing of it,” he reassured her before turning his gaze straight ahead,
to the open cell room where their guest always appeared from. If he needed their services,
they would be happy to grant them. Their strength is his, and until the journey's end, that will
never change.
His perpetual grin widened. Truly, Ren Amamiya was a most remarkable guest.

Chapter End Notes

If you want to learn more about the story or the background lore, join the Discord!
You'll get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/pcwhRwu2wd

Chapter 82: Alexander
Chapter Summary

Another down.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren’s sleep had already been restless, with him constantly waking up and trying to fall back
asleep. He didn’t think he slept this badly ever since the start of the third semester, when
everything seemed out of place and he was driving himself insane trying to figure out what
was going on. It certainly didn’t help that he didn’t have Morgana’s usual comforting warmth
on his lap as he slept (and like hell he was going to let the human Morgana share the bed –
that was too much even for him).
Now, it was just vague nightmares of his hands covered in blood, seeing the bodies in
Massilia and France, and – most disturbingly of all – seeing his friends, but all of them
without their faces. That last part worried him the most, despite all his attempts to push it
aside as some meaningless nightmare. He hadn’t been at Chaldea long, yet already it felt like
some part of it was overwriting his time in Tokyo.
Well, not overwriting. It was merely leaving a stronger impression right now. Still, it wasn’t
like human minds and feelings were ever straightforward. He knew that better than anyone.
He felt like he had finally fallen properly asleep when“ WAKE UP!!”
The Phantom Thief’s eyes shot open as Joan’s roar – just as something crashed right outside
his house, setting his window blinders on fire. With a curse, he leaped out of bed, quickly
grabbing the armor and sliding it over his head before racing out the door as smoke filled his
room. As he raced downstairs, lacing up his armor as he did, he quickly reached out to Joan.
“ What’s going on?” he demanded.
“ Alexander’s forces are attacking again, ” Joan briefed. “ But this isn’t like a coordinated
attack like yesterday – they’re practically swarming like ants and charging head on. They’re
also firing their onagers constantly. I don’t know what the hell happened on their end but
they seem more intent on destroying this time rather than capturing or diplomacy.” As Ren
listened, he stepped out of the house – and his eyes widened in horror at what he saw.
The city was on fire. Green flames mixed with orange as buildings and streets were set
ablaze. Bodies lined the streets and rooftops, either burning or filled with arrows. Ren
blinked as another salvo of flaming pots soared through the early morning skies and crashed
into the city. The acrid smell of chemical flames and burning flesh filled the air, almost

making him vomit. “ Yeah, I can see that ,” Ren murmured, reeling from the sight. He
quickly contacted Loki. “ Any idea why they’re attacking this fiercely?” he asked.
“ Who knows?” Loki replied. “ Perhaps they found something worth gunning for in this city
and decided to step up their plans. It certainly was enough to begin such a savage attack so
early in the morning, though. ”
The casual tone Loki responded with immediately caught Ren’s attention as his instincts
flared up. “ Loki, ”
he asked, an edge in his voice. “ What did you do? ”
There was a moment of silence from the Avenger. “ I made sure we could win, ” they replied
simply. “ Right now, estimated URE casualties are about a third, maybe more or so, and
rapidly increasing. It helps that Lu Bu is front and center, milling through their forces like a
scythe through so much wheat.”
“ And what of Roman casualties? ” Ren countered tersely.
Once more, silence. “ An acceptable number thus far,” they replied flatly. “ Although that
might change depending on our interference – or lack thereof. Especially as we’re wasting
time here with this discussion. Now, are there any more questions or shall we get to work? ”
Ren had to bite back a large number of curses and arguments towards the trickster god. As
much as he wanted to get to the bottom of what they did to rile up the URE so much, he had
to fully agree that this wasn’t the time for it. The siege was currently in full swing and Roman
soldiers were dying in droves. Nero was probably handling herself, but there was much he
needed to do.
“ We’re talking about this later,” he growled. “ Work on dealing with the siege weapons and
officers as much as you can. ” Loki simply silently agreed through their mental link before
cutting it off. Once more, he contacted Joan as he stepped back into the house to avoid a rain
of arrows. “ How’s it going on your end, Joan?” he asked.
“ Working on defense here,” she reported back. “ The URE soldiers have already filled the
ditch with their own bodies and are practically trying to swarm up the walls. No ladders or
anything. They’ve got a lot more onagers just lobbing stuff too. They’re really damn focused
on either getting in or destroying the city – they’re practically charging right past Lu Bu no
matter how many he’s mowing down.”
A pot crashed right outside the door, setting the ground on fire with green flames. With a
quick summon of Lachesis and her ice, it was rapidly extinguished. “ That… sounds a bit
weird, compared to the siege yesterday,” he mused. “ Any sign of Alexander or Waver? ”
“ Dunno, not at the wall,” Joan growled. “ But not important right now – the gates are on fire
and those damn URE soldiers are battering themselves against it – they’re gonna give any
minute!”
Ren blinked in surprise. “ Got it, on my way,” he quickly replied, cutting off the link just as
the Lancer began protesting. Dashing out, he summoned Cerberus once more and mounted

the persona, taking off toward the gates. As he approached the western wall, the flames got
fiercer and the number of corpses sharply increased. Smoke filled the air, causing his eyes to
water. He had to force his head down, almost burying his face in Cerberus’s mane unless he
wanted to choke.
Glancing up, he could see more soldiers running to and fro as they shouted panicked reports
and commands to one another. Many of them carried buckets of dirt and rubble to extinguish
as much of the fire as they could. There was a shout of warning as another hail of arrows
descended. Cerberus quickly dashed into a mostly intact building. Ren listened as the
projectiles thudded futilely against the masonry – and watched in horror as many of them
found their mark among the soldiers. They fell screaming in droves.
“Damnit!” Ren cursed as Cerberus vanished. As much as he wanted to get a move on, he
couldn’t just abandon the soldiers here. Rapidly switching masks, he cried out, “Atropos!”
The Cutter of the Thead appeared once more. With a wave of her shears, many of the soldiers
around glowed with a green light as the arrows popped out of their healing wounds.
Watching in awe and surprise as their wounds sealed up, they quickly got to their feet and
saluted Ren. “Thank you, centurion!” one cried out. “There’s likely to be more casualties and
trouble near the wall. Please, help them!”
Ren nodded. “Was heading there for that anyway!” he replied with a forced ease as he
summoned Cerberus once more. Though he could feel how warm his circuits were, they were
dwarfed by the flames that still surrounded them. And even now, he couldn’t escape the sight
of the fresh corpses – those who died almost immediately from that salvo, with no chance for
him to heal them. Forcing his eyes away, he once more dashed toward the wall.
As he approached, he saw the gate blazing like a bonfire. Scowling, Cerberus vanished
underneath him as he rolled to lessen the impact of the rapid dismount. He switched masks
and prepared Lachesis to douse the flames but it was too little, too late – with a loud crash,
the gate collapsed into splinters and red-hot metal pieces. As it did so, an outlandish yet
terrifying sight greeted Ren: countless URE soldiers stacked up like ants, all collapsing
inward in a flood of iron and flesh.
Ren could only gape at the sight for a brief second before regaining his senses. Joan had told
him about this but seeing it for himself was a different matter entirely. The Roman soldiers
had similar reactions, taking a moment to pick their respective jaws off the floor before
charging in, stabbing down at the URE troops before they could retaliate. However, it wasn’t
long before they were silently picking themselves up. Unsheathing their swords and grabbing
their shields, they marched fearlessly against the Roman army, quickly pushing them back as
more of them began swarming in.
“ Joan!”
“ I see them!”
The Lancer’s arrival was heralded by a storm of flaming spears thudding right into the mass
of URE soldiers. Landing among them, she rapidly scattered them with a wave of her banner

before summoning more spears and sending them darting towards the oncoming horde. “ I
got things here!” she called out. “ Get to the wall, Master! They’re getting overwhelmed!”
“ Gotcha!” Ren acknowledged. He considered summoning Cerberus, but decided there was a
faster method. Running forward, he aimed for the wall and fired his grappling hook. Latching
onto the masonry, it rapidly reeled him in, sending him flying through the air. As he
approached, he disengaged the hook and rolled onto the wall to dissipate the inertia.
Looking at the situation, his eyes narrowed as he scowled. The URE soldiers had piled
themselves against the wall, using themselves as ladders for their compatriots to scale the
wall. While they weren’t rushing through, it was clear that there were simply too many for
the sparse Roman soldiers to handle – every URE soldier killed was immediately replaced
with another, while every Roman killed left a nigh-unrecoverable gap in the defense. The
walls were already lined with countless corpses of both URE and Roman alike.
Ren scowled as he switched personas – then stopped. He was up here on the wall, in clear
view of everyone. And just as he thought that, he dove for cover as another salvo of arrows
flew over his head. There was a chance that Waver Velvet was watching, and frankly he’d
rather not give him any information about his magecraft and personas if he can help it.
Pulling out his Chaldean Arms, he switched it to its pistol mode and fired. The URE soldiers
began dropping as each shot hit their mark, yet more came up to replace them. Still, it worked
wonders in getting the Roman soldiers to rally after a quick glance back to see who or what
covered them. Keeping his head down, he kept firing as arrows soared over his head. None of
the URE soldiers seemed to be paying attention to him as they were busy with the Roman
soldier defenders.
As he lined up another shot, he was roughly pushed down, sending him sprawling. Quickly
getting up and turning, he blinked in surprise as he saw Jing Ke, her blade buried in a URE
soldier’s chest before kicking him away. “Remember to keep an eye on your surroundings,”
the Assassin reminded him with a grin before jumping and kicking another soldier that had
been scaling the wall behind Ren.
Ren blinked with surprise before returning a grin of his own. “Heh, sorry about that!” he
replied easily before firing again, taking down another URE soldier that was sneaking up
behind a Roman. “You have any idea what’s going on? This is way different from yesterday’s
attack!”
Jing Ke frowned, casually flicking her blade to swat away an arrow. “Apparently something
happened to Waver,” she explained. “As well as a good portion of the officers. They’re all
jumpy and paranoid, like they know someone’s going to stab them as soon as their back is
turned.”
She paused for a second. “Someone besides me,” she amended, dodging a gladius from a
URE soldier before stabbing it in the chest and pushing it back over the wall. “And even
then, whatever common sense they had left has been completely overridden by Alexander.”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise as he kept firing with unerring accuracy. “What do
you mean, ‘overridden by Alexander’?” he asked with trepidation.

The Assassin’s lips pressed together into a grim line. “Something happened to completely
piss him off,” she explained seriously. “Whatever you do, if you find him, don’t engage him
by yourself. Use your command seal to summon a Servant to your side if you must.
Otherwise, he’ll kill you without holding back. This isn’t like that time with Leonidas. He’s
out for blood.”
Ren scowled. Someone or something had taken out Waver and set Alexander on a warpath, to
the point of forgoing strategy and just outright swarming them. With their massive numbers
and the capabilities of the URE soldiers, it was brutally effective despite the massive
casualties they were sustaining. They were fighting with all their might just to hold back the
tide. And he had a feeling he knew precisely who to blame for this. “Noted,” he grunted.
“Thanks for the warning.”
Jing Ke nodded. “I’ll try to take out more of the onagers,” she said. “The emperor’s on the
other side of the gatehouse if you wanted to meet up with her. Otherwise, good luck.”
“You too,” Ren called back as Jing Ke jumped off the wall and vanished – and more URE
soldiers began pushing in from behind. Ren scowled as he shot another crawling up. As he
lined up a shot –
“All forces, fall back! Retreat from the wall! FALL BACK!”
Ren blinked in surprise – and barely dodged another URE soldier, its sword scraping against
his armor. Right, Waver was out of the picture here – why was he hesitating still? He
switched his masks within his mind once more. It was time to pull out the big guns.
“Hecatoncheires!” he roared.
In a burst of blue flame, the hundred-handed giant appeared once more with a mighty roar.
Still kneeling, it reached down past the wall and swatted the pile of URE soldiers, sending
them flying through the air. Ren had to admit, despite the seriousness of the situation, it was a
rather ridiculous sight. He had to crack a smile.
“Oi!”
At the shout, he glanced back down to see Glauca grinning up at him. “Why the hell didn’t
you lead with that?” he barked, staring up at Hecatoncheires.
Ren chuckled. “Well, you know me, I like to be fashionably late,” he replied easily. “Serious
answer though: it seems Waver is out of commission so I don’t have to worry about him. I'll
go clear off these soldiers as much as I can!”
The newly promoted centurion nodded. “Alright!” he acknowledged. “I’ll go rally the others.
Shouldn’t be too hard – just need to tell them to run towards the giant!”
“And how many times have you ordered that?” Ren asked with a wry grin.
“With how everything’s going, it’s gonna be a lot!” Glauca replied with a laugh. With that, he
dashed off as Ren stood back up. Issuing a mental command, the persona leaned over with its

arm over the side of the wall and moved. As it did, it swept away the URE soldiers crawling
on the wall like a windshield wiper getting rid of bugs.
However, peeking over the wall before ducking for cover again, the comparison to ants was
all too appropriate: The UE soldiers simply began clambering up again and would overtake
the wall once more in minutes. He had bought them some time, but that was it. He could
already feel his circuits burning in his body as he kept moving, maintaining Hecatocheires’s
form. However, he still had other matters to deal with.
“ Loki!” he roared out mentally. “ What did you do to Waver and the officers of the URE?!”
“ Exactly what I said,” Loki replied again in a cold tone. “ I arranged things so we have a
better chance to win. The situation is more dire, yes, but the enemy is rapidly exhausting their
strength. We simply need to hold out, then strike back while they’re disorganized.”
Ren ground his teeth. Granted, this madness was probably preferable compared to letting
whatever Waver kept planning, but it didn’t remove the sour taste in his mouth nor the feeling
that Loki had done far more than simply ‘securing their victory’. Still, this wasn’t the time to
interrogate him. “ We’re speaking about this later, ” he growled.
“ Of course, of course,” Loki replied lackadaisically before cutting off contact. Speaking of
which, where even were they right now? He forgot to ask with everything going on, but even
he knew the Avenger wasn’t the type to shirk their job. Perhaps he was busy assisting“YOU!”
At the wild cry, Ren whipped around – and his eyes widened as he beheld a black stallion
soaring through the skies toward him. As he dived out of the way, it crashed down on the
wall, cracking the masonry underneath its hooves. Although Ren had seen horses in media or
as personas before, this horse was something different entirely. Its sleek fur was black as
night, each motion bespoke power, and even a casual move from it bespoke of grace. While
Ren could understand why people called horses ‘beautiful,’ this was probably the first time,
even compared to his personas, that he truly knew why.
The beauty of the steed stood in stark contrast, however, to its Rider. Alexander was
disheveled, with bags under his swollen eyes and pale skin. His brilliant red hair was matted,
and his skin covered with grime from riding and combat. Instead of his usual smile, his
expression was so fierce that Ren couldn’t help but feel shivers down his spine from his sheer
wrath. Despite his tawdry appearance, his gaze was powerful as he sat upright in his saddle,
his blade grasped tightly in one hand and the reins of his horse in the other.
What the hell caused the cheerful young conqueror he met before to become the incarnation
of rage he saw before him?
Alexander lifted his sword and pointed directly at Ren. “Where is your Servant?” he
demanded.
Ren blinked in surprise at the question. “Well, hello to you too,” he quipped, forcing a grin to
his face and an ease to his tone. “Glad to see you’re visiting again. Sorry I can’t repay you for

the wine and food – the latter was especially good, and I’ll take Nero’s word that the liquor
was excellent. Didn’t think we’d be meeting again like this though.”
“I am not here to bandy words,” the young conqueror spat. “Nor is my quarrel with you. Call
forth your Servant, Ren Amamiya! Do not try my patience!”
The Phantom Thief dropped his smile. “Dunno where they are right now,” he admitted.
“Exactly what did they do to you? Whatever it is must be bad, and I want to hear it myself for
when I need to deal with them later.”
The young conqueror glared down at Ren with venomous hate. “Your Servant,” he snarled.
“Used some… ability or magecraft on my retainer. It drove him utterly mad. He could not be
reasoned with, nor could I hold back against him. I had no choice but to kill him by my own
hand.”
He held up his sword. “I was forced to stain my blade with my retainer’s blood,” he ground
out as tears spilled from his eyes. “Only with your Servant’s blood coating it will I be
appeased.”
Ren’s eyes widened in horror as Alexander described what had happened. Loki drove Waver
mad? And it resulted in him attacking the young conqueror? That sounded like… no. No, no,
no, no, no. He couldn’t have possibly –
“Tell me,” he inquired, forcing as much calm as he could into his voice. “Did his eyes roll
back into his head and black… stuff come out of his eyes and mouth?”
Alexander’s glare intensified. “You knew of this?” he hissed. “You knew of this ability? It
would seem you are as guilty as your Servant then. I shouldn’t be surprised – Master and
Servants are linked, after all.”
He raised his blade and pointed directly at Ren. “If you want any sort of mercy,” he snarled.
“You will use your command seal. Summon your Servant here so that I may sate my
vengeance. I will give you until the count of three.”
The Phantom Thief’s eyes widened at the ultimatum. Frankly, he was tempted to do exactly
that just so he could get some answers out of Loki himself. He shot a mental connection to
Loki. “ Did you drive Waver psychotic?!”
“One.”
“ And what if I did? ” Loki replied. Ren could practically hear the sneer in the Avenger’s
words.
“Two.”
That was basically all the confirmation Ren needed. His mind scrambled as to what he
needed or could do. At minimum, Loki needed to be held accountable, both by Alexander
and by him. “ Alexander’s here right now-!”
“Three!”

“Chimera!” Ren roared.
Just as Alexander charged, another persona burst into being – a large, monstrous lion, with a
second goat’s head, and a long, serpent tail. The Rider yelled in surprise and tried to redirect
himself, but the persona simply snarled and swiped at him with a large claw. It struck true,
and both mount and rider were flung into empty space as they were swatted into the city
proper as they screamed in shock and rage. As they landed, they collided through multiple
buildings, reducing them to rubble.
The Rider growled as he stood back up, glaring up at Ren and his creature. Under normal
circumstances, he would have relished fighting against Ren, especially when he had the
power of the mythical Chimera at his side. It would have felt like a trial in his favorite
legends. However, as it is, all he saw was an enemy, and most importantly, someone who was
at least partially responsible for the death of his retainer.
With a scowl, he remounted his beloved Bucephalus as he considered. As much as he wished
to deal with the Master, he knew it was more likely his Servant had done this on their own
initiative. He didn’t miss that look of horror on his face as he described what had happened to
Waver. Besides, if he killed Ren here, then that would mean all the Servants here would be
unsummoned – including the one who caused this in the first place.
That wouldn’t be enough. He wouldn’t be satisfied until his own blade met the Servant’s
flesh.
“Summon your Servant, Ren Amamiya!” he roared as Bucephalus pawed the ground, ready
to leap into action as it stared down the Chimera without any fear. Ren scowled, considering
his options as Chimera in turn growled in defiance. While he couldn’t just toss Loki to the
conqueror, he could still deeply sympathize with Alexander about what had happened to
Waver.
His vision flashed back to Destinyland, as he and his friends watched on their phones
Kunikazu Okumura succumbing to a mental shutdown. It had been terrifying to witness – his
face went from a healthy pallor to ashen-grey, his eyes rolled back into their sockets as black
ichor spilled from his eyes and mouth. It was a scene straight from a horror film, only it was
all too real.
But what he remembered most wasn’t his horrific fate, but Haru Okumura – their newfound
comrade, friend, and Kunikazu’s daughter. He remembered her shock, grief, her distraught
expression, and when she vanished for a time to grieve. She reassured them she was
managing and doing okay, but nobody was fooled. That was what stuck with him the most,
more than anything else. He couldn’t ever forget that.
As Ren looked closely, while Alexander focused more on rage and hatred, he could still see
the same things he had seen that day from Haru: Grief, shock, and sadness. They were
enemies, sure, but Alexander was a victim too. The young man had treated them honorably,
more akin to friends who were on the other side in a simple game than someone to eliminate.
He didn’t deserve this. What Loki had done was something he would never have asked him,
nor would he ever condone it. But what was done was done.

And now, just like before, they were all dealing with the consequences.
“Well now, I hadn’t expected such a demand for my presence in quite some time. It almost
makes me nostalgic.”
Both Ren and Alexander whirled about at the voice – and Loki was there as if they had
always been. Dressed now in their black and blue combat uniform, they sat perched on a pile
of rubble above Alexander. They hadn’t donned their helmet, leaving their sardonic
amusement visible. “But you do know how to throw a return party,” they remarked. “I take it
you enjoyed my gifts greatly, then.”
The young conqueror’s response was far less measured: His eyes almost bulging out of sheer
rage, he could only snarl. “ You.”
“Me,” the Avenger confirmed, their smirk widening.
With a wild scream of rage, Alexander charged forth as his horse whinnied. The rubble
crumbled underneath their might as Loki casually fell backward, laughing madly. Drawing a
hand over their face, their beak-like helmet reappeared on their head, concealing their
features and making him resemble a crow.
Ren gritted his teeth. Leave it to Loki to make things even worse. Sure, now Alexander was
no longer targeting him, but the two were going to cause a huge mess in the city, disrupting
the defense. “ Get Alexander away from the front lines!” he commanded the Avenger. “ We
can’t have him screwing up the others! Joan, can you hold the front?”
“Always a killjoy,” Loki sighed dramatically. Regardless, the trickster god had already been
doing so, luring the maddened Rider away from the site of battle.
“ They’re just pushing in but that’s it,” Joan growled in response. “ This is honestly like the
battle in the pass all over again. Me and Lu Bu will hold – just deal with Rider.”
The Phantom Thief nodded and was about to move – then his instincts flared up. He rolled to
the side, just in time to avoid a gladius to the gut from a URE soldier. Great. They were still
climbing up. And the appearance of Alexander had delayed any reinforcements. “ Loki, I
need to cover the walls here,” he growled to the Avenger. “ Hold out as long as you can.”
“ A rather optimistic way of saying ‘you’re on your own’,” they snarked. “ I’ll deal with it.”
He bit back a retort before turning toward the oncoming soldiers. Everyone had their battle,
and this was his. And he wasn’t about to let the URE swarm the walls like ants if he could
help it. “Chimera!” Ren cried. At his command, the mythological beast once more appeared,
its roar overshadowing the din of war.
And moments later, the walls were set ablaze.
Alexander charged forth, Bucephalus easily blowing through the weakened structures of
Massilia. His maddened eyes looked all around him for that accursed Servant, and yet they

were everywhere yet nowhere. What could have been a hint of their dark outfit had been
nothing more than a shadow. What seemed to be a gleam from their red eyes was nothing
more than a glowing ember.
Suddenly, Bucephalus cried out in pain. Looking over in shock, Alexander saw blood
weeping from a gash on his flank that hadn’t been there a moment before. A loud explosion
rang out behind him. He turned – and something cut his cheek, weeping blood as a projectile
impacted the wall behind him.
“My, I thought Riders were supposed to be fast,” Loki called out, sitting on the rafter in a
neighboring ruined house. “I was here hoping for a fun chase but honestly, I’m starting to get
bored here. Perhaps I should call you Alexander the Mediocre instead.”
The young conqueror roared as he spurred Bucephalus. With a whinny, the horse jumped up
high into the air and crashed down where Loki had been in a burst of rubble and flame.
Everything collapsed around them into nothing but ruin, covering both rider and horse in
thick dust.
“But then, mediocre would be an apt descriptor,” they continued. Alexander whirled about to
see Loki behind them leaning against a bit of wall still intact and examining their fingernails
(which were covered by his black clawed gauntlets). “After all, you did lose your strategist
and your officers. You’re losing no small number of your men. And now, you’re well on your
way to losing your first major battle in this campaign of yours.”
Loki grinned. “Apologies, perhaps ‘mediocre’ is the wrong word to use here,” they amended.
“All hail Alexander the Pathetic!”
“ You-!” Alexander spluttered. He began gathering prana as Bucephalus started glowing. This
wretch had been mocking him again and again and again, yet they were far too cowardly to
even try facing him head on. “I am a son of Zeus and one who would conquer all of the
known world, you craven! I am Alexander the Great!” he snarled. “It is about time you know
your place!”
“ BUCEPHALUS!” he roared.
Bucephalus whinnied as the fires all around them intensified. The skies above them darkened
and boomed with thunder. As Alexander raised his sword, lightning struck down and caught
on the blade, leaving it crackling with divine might. With a roar, Alexander charged forth,
lightning flashing from Bucephalus’s hooves. Lightning flashed and boomed, destroying
everything around him in his wrath and reducing it to cinder as the storm rode with him.
Buildings collapsed, fires started and scattered with each bolt of lightning. Wherever
Bucephalus and Alexander charged, there was only destruction and devastation. And as he
rode, he glowed with power and divinity. He was nothing less than the mighty Alexander the
Great – and he would carve this lesson and reminder onto the Servant’s flesh, no matter what.
As the dust settled, Alexander panted as he looked around him, lightning still sparkling from
him and Bucephalus. There was nowhere that Servant could hide, nowhere he could run to.

Now they could face each other in combat, and he would enact his vengeance. But still,
where were they? Did they turn tail and hide…?
“ By my words, destiny is set in motion. By my hand, blood will inevitably flow.”
Alexander whirled about once more. There stood the Servant, a gun in hand. No, not a gun. It
glowed as it changed shape, lengthening and thinning into a javelin-esque shape. In the end,
what they held in their hand looked to be a dark, crude, wooden spear.
Without further waiting, Alexander and Bucephalus charged as the former brandished his
blade, crackling with lightning as thunder boomed underneath the latter’s hooves. Whatever
the Servant’s Noble Phantasm, they would run them down before they could have a chance to
use it. As they approached, the Servant raised the spear in their hand.
“ Mistilteinn.”
The spear was thrown and sped towards Alexander. The Rider scowled. With his momentum
and speed, he wouldn’t be able to dodge in time, but that didn’t matter. He moved his blade to
swat aside the spear. Even if he couldn’t, Bucephalus would run down the Servant and he
would still have his vengeance. The spear met his sword…
And his blade shattered as the spear continued unopposed. In the next moment, he was on the
ground, gasping and grasping at the spear that had impaled him through his chest, sticking
out to the other side. He coughed up blood as he pulled, but it didn’t budge. Then he
remembered – Mistilteinn. The spear made of mistletoe wood that ended the life of the
otherwise invincible Baldr. It was thrown by his brother, but he had been tricked into doing
so by another.
As his vision dimmed and his body began disappearing into golden particles, he saw the
Servant casually walk up to him, brushing dust off themselves as they did, their helmet once
more gone. “You… fiend…” he gasped.
The Servant smirked down at them. “Farewell, Alexander the Pathetic,” they murmured.
“This is where your dream ends.”
Alexander opened his mouth to curse him one last time, yet all that came out was a choked
gurgle. Then his vision failed him, and he knew no more.

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story or the background lore, join the Discord! You'll get
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/Eeuyx9XA7Y

Chapter 83: Clean-up
Chapter Summary

There is much to do after a siege.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Please contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Ren sighed as he sat down against a building. He was covered in soot and dust from all the
fires. His armor had gashes and scrapes from deflecting blades and arrows. All around him,
soldiers were busy cleaning up, reorganizing supplies, or loading the dead onto carts so they
could be cremated outside. Within the building were many of the wounded as medics tended
to them. There had been no small number of casualties from the battle and there would
probably be more before long from their wounds.
His circuits burned as he rested his head against the wall. Aside from using his personas to
secure the walls and made sure URE soldiers didn’t spill over like ants, he also used them to
heal as many soldiers as he could as well. He prioritized those who were grievously injured
first – as much as he wanted to heal everyone, he simply didn’t have the energy for it without
completely burning out his circuits and body. Even now, after treating those who were on
death’s door, his circuits felt like liquid metal in his veins.
He glanced over as a medic walked out, carrying a body and loading it onto the cart sitting
nearby. He had to close his eyes in frustration. Although he healed as many as he could, it
hadn’t been nearly enough. Medical supplies were already stretched considerably thin, and as
usual, the URE didn’t have much in terms of supplies to take. Whether the soldiers lived or
died now was simply a matter of will and luck.
Tilting his head up, he watched the smoke from extinguished fires curl into the air,
illuminated by the morning sun. The western half of the city was in ruins despite their best
efforts. The assault yesterday had been more controlled and coordinated, with a focus on
capturing the city and keeping casualties to a minimum. Today, Alexander had prioritized
victory at all costs, which meant widespread destruction and utilizing his men as a tidal wave
of soldiers. It was brutal, but effective.

After Alexander’s death, the tide started turning drastically towards their favor. The URE
officers, already with low morale, almost unanimously broke and ran. They were easy to spot
– they were the only ones moving away from the city compared to the automaton soldiers. It
was child’s play for Jing Ke to hunt each of them down and capture them, not even needing
to kill them. A bit of coercion was all that was needed to order them to halt the lion’s share of
the URE army, and from there it was simply a matter of cleanup.
However, it came at a steep cost. A great number of the Roman supplies had been literally
and figuratively burnt out in the desperate defense, and the city would require much time and
resources to rebuild. The walls were in poor shape and the gate was in tatters, rendering
garrisoning the city considerably harder. Out of the fifteen hundred soldiers in Nero’s army,
approximately three hundred of them were dead, and a further two hundred were injured. The
former figure would’ve been even higher had Ren not been healing those critically injured.
Thus, there was little they could do now but hole up in Massilia and wait for the other forces
to reconvene as planned. Those uninjured and still fit for duty were assigned to repair what
they could, using scraps of the gate and rubble to set up barricades as well as hauling yet
more pitch and arrows to the top of the walls. Everyone was exhausted and there was no
small amount of grumbling, yet they all worked as they were supposed to.
Ren rubbed his eyes as he felt the fatigue settle deep into his bones. Now that the adrenaline
of combat was gone, he could feel his muscles protesting from the strain he had put them
through. He could barely move and his thoughts were incredibly sluggish. He felt incredibly
tired and could probably nod off then and there, yet at the same time he wasn’t. The pass had
been more exhausting, but this entire battle had been draining in an entirely different way.
“Here. You probably need this.”
Blinking, he looked up to see Jing Ke offering him a water bottle – a fresh one too from what
he had in his room. “Make it count though,” she warned. “Most of the other bottles were
ruined when your house burned. Unless you’re up for being my drinking buddy again.”
She grinned jokingly at the suggestion, causing Ren to laugh despite his exhaustion. “Thanks,
Jing Ke,” he said gratefully, taking the bottle. Opening it, he took a small sip. The liquid was
nothing less than cool, sweet relief for his parched, dusty throat. He glanced over as Jing Ke
sat beside him, taking out her own jug and chugging it. “Surprised there was still any wine
available.”
The Assassin shrugged. “Most of the supplies were for the officers so they got the good
stuff,” she replied. “I asked the emperor for a jug and she just gave me one. I think it was the
wine Alexander and Waver brought the other night. They definitely had good taste in liquor,
that’s for sure.” So saying, she drank some more. Ren observed her. Despite his exhaustion,
he could see that underneath Jing Ke’s usual serenity, there was a certain amount of stress he
hadn’t seen from her before.
“Everything alright?” Ren asked, catching her attention as she glanced over. “You look like
you have something on your mind.”

Jing Ke opened her mouth to answer, then sighed. “Well, you’d think someone like me has
seen it all, with all the court intrigues from my time,” she muttered. “It’s honestly not too
different here, but it doesn’t mean it’s not ugly whenever I see it.”
“What do you mean?” Ren asked.
She stared down into the jug pensively, like it contained her memories. “When those United
Roman Empire officers were interrogated,” she quietly said. “They told us their compatriots
had been poisoned by one of their own. They don’t know who exactly or what, but they were
all watching their backs. And then they found Alexander in the command tent, his sword
bloody as he stood over the body of Waver.”
Sighing, she took another swig. “It’s all stuff I’ve seen before in so many courts,” she
continued. “But honestly, I never got used to it. It’s probably why it’s so easy for me to kill
off officials and emperors like that – you learn to distance yourself from all that insanity.
Hell, you learn to take advantage of it too. I have.”
Ren blinked in surprise. “Wait, I thought you hated it?” he asked.
Jing Ke raised an eyebrow. “Hate it? Why?” she inquired. “Like I said, I’m used to it. And if
I can take advantage of it to do my job, then all the better. It’s just…” The Assassin frowned
as she figured out how to word it. “This whole situation doesn’t sit right with me. Like there’s
something incredibly insidious behind all of this that worked in our favor for now.”
“Is that right?” Ren murmured. How the hell was he going to tell her – or rather, tell anyone –
that Loki was behind all this? At minimum, he needed to tell Chaldea as well as Morgana and
Ritsu so they knew what they were dealing with. But if word got out among their allies here,
then any trust they had would completely evaporate.
But still, that begged the question: Why now? Loki could’ve invoked psychotic breakdowns
at any time, allies and enemies alike. They could’ve invoked it on Leonidas back at the pass
and completely stalled any other tactic besides charging at them like a literal berserker.
Considering their penchant for vanishing and reappearing where they wished, it wasn’t like
reaching their targets was an issue either. And while the trickster god was on their side, that
certainly didn’t mean they were excused from being inflicted with psychotic breakdowns as
well for their own purposes.
Then his instincts flared slightly. Glancing over, he noticed Jing Ke staring right at him. “You
know something,” she said. It wasn’t a question or suspicion – her tone was flat and blunt. It
was a statement, and Ren knew that lying to her was an exercise in futility. Not to mention, it
was disrespectful given all she had done for them at this point.
To that end, Ren just sighed as he rubbed the back of his neck. “Some suspicions, but nothing
confirmed,” he replied truthfully. It wasn’t like Loki directly answered what exactly they did.
After all that had happened, the Avenger had vanished. While Ren could still reach them
mentally, they refused to respond or talk. While he was tempted to use a command seal to
order them back, right now he was far too tired and busy to deal with the situation. At the
very least, they weren’t causing any more trouble, which was probably the best he could hope
for at this point.

Jing Ke frowned before shrugging. “If you say so,” she replied before taking another swig of
her wine. Ren could only inwardly sigh. He had absolutely no doubt she would be spying on
him in the near future to figure out what exactly happened. Then she would report to Nero
and go from there. Nero trusted him a great deal, but how much would that trust hold after
that? Especially if the information was given out of context?
Again, he could only sigh. The only way out of this he could think of was to directly talk to
Nero and tell her what had happened and what he knew. Anything less would only cause
unnecessary discord between them – something they couldn’t afford right now. He would
have to wait until night, however. He hadn’t seen even a sign of Nero recently, but he had no
doubt she had her hands full dealing with everything right now.
An outburst of murmurs caught their attention. Glancing up, both of them watched with
surprise as Joan stepped up, carrying the body of a Roman soldier in her arms. She stopped to
ask another soldier a question, who then pointed her to a nearby cart filled with other corpses
of Roman soldiers. Nodding in thanks, she walked over to deposit the body on the cart – and
stared at it, lost in her own thoughts.
Ren and Jing Ke glanced at each other before the former heaved himself up, his muscles all
screaming in protest as he did so, and shambled towards the Lancer. “Did you know the
guy?” Ren asked out of curiosity, glancing down at the body. The man’s armor was so
heavily burnt that parts were melting onto his body. There were also numerous arrow wounds
as well, though they didn’t seem to be bleeding.
Joan blinked in surprise at Ren’s presence, then nodded stiffly, looking back at the body.
“Lucius,” she answered. “Didn’t talk much with him – I just happened to help him and a few
cohorts of his when a cart full of pitch nearly tipped over. One of those fire pots caught him
while he was trying to put out another fire.”
She breathed out a long breath. “He was telling me how pitch tended to burn rather well,” she
muttered. “Guess he didn’t expect to experience it firsthand.”
The Phantom Thief nodded at the tale. He had to look away from the body; the gruesome
burn wounds and melted metal were honestly hard to look at even for a short period of time.
Yet Joan kept staring at the body as she wrestled with her thoughts. “Did he have any
family?” he asked quietly. “They’ll probably want the body back for a burial, or at least
maybe something to remember him by.”
The Lancer shook her head. “No family,” she replied. “Wife and sons died. Checked with
some other soldiers to make sure.”
She glanced up at Ren. “Were you the one who did all this?” she asked flatly. Though her
tone was calm, Ren could see the smoldering flames in her eyes. Though he was used to her
wrath, he certainly didn’t fully expect it here.
“Not in the slightest,” he replied bluntly, easily meeting her eyes.
The two stared down one another in a moment of tense silence before Joan sighed, breaking
it. “Yeah, this doesn’t seem like your style,” she grumbled, staring back down at the body.

“You have any idea whose plan it was, then?”
Ren hesitated for a second. Instead of answering her verbally, he simply transmitted the
answer mentally. Joan narrowed her eyes at the answer. Instead of replying or saying
anything, she turned on her heel and stalked away. The Phantom Thief could only watch her
go. He knew he couldn’t stop her, but he trusted her regardless to restrain herself if necessary.
Jing Ke popped up beside him, watching Joan’s cloaked back recede. “You sure you don’t
need any?” she asked, holding up the jug.
He could only sigh in response.
Ruins to the left and right of her. Smoke permeating the air. The uncomfortable warmth of
leftover flames and embers. The smell of burnt wood, oil, chemicals, and most of all, flesh.
Massilia was normally a beautiful city, but the siege had left its wounds and scars on the west
side. It would take much repair and cleaning to restore it to its glory once more.
Joan stomped through the city. As she walked, the soldiers saw her expression and moved to
either side of her, terrified to even address her. Soon enough, the soldiers had thinned enough
that they mostly kept to their own paths – they all had their jobs to do, after all, mostly
centered around the wall. There would be fewer soldiers the farther she walked. Still, despite
trying to keep her eyes ahead and her mind focused, she couldn’t help but glance about her –
and down at the uncollected bodies.
Slowing down, she eventually stopped. There was no one around her now, which was her
intention. Taking a deep breath, she forced herself to look around her. The architecture was
different. The smell was different. The climate and surroundings were different. And yet the
sight of burnt bodies, of crumbling buildings, and the smoke rising from the air… All of it
was far, far too familiar for her.
She felt like she was in Orleans again.
Slowly stepping forward, she approached a ruined building and gingerly placed a hand on a
wall. It was small, with only one story. There were a few windows she could see. Was this a
house? Everything had crumbled too much for her to tell. Wait, no – there was a piece of a
wooden table and chairs here. And that looked like a stove over there. Everything else was
too damaged or burnt for her to make heads or tails of, but that was enough in terms of signs.
Turning around, she saw the corpses on the ground – riddled with arrows, burnt to cinders, or
some combination thereof. They hadn’t been collected yet. The Romans had much to do
nearer the gates.
This was what she had wrought back in Orleans. In the city itself, in numerous other cities, in
countless villages all throughout France. She had sent wyverns to burn and raze everything to
the ground. She had sent her maddened Servants out to hunt down packs of survivors and
butcher them. Lashing about in her vengeance, spurred on by Gilles, she had wrought so
much destruction and death. Everything she saw here was only a small sample.

The Lancer blinked. For a second, she saw the corpses rising as ghouls, ready to maul their
living brethren. Then it was gone.
Joan continued walking, staring at the devastation all about her. While she wasn’t unfamiliar
with such a sight, it felt as though a fog had lifted from her eyes. Back in Orleans, she
would’ve reveled in it, wanting to see sights like this all throughout France as her rightful
vengeance. Everyone who sat back and allowed her to die from a rigged trial would burn in
Hell, just like she would.
But now… all she could feel was horror and revulsion. Through the cities she explored on
this campaign, she could see small signs of life here and there despite all of them being
deserted. These were homes people lived in, stores they maintained and worked at, places
where children played. She had to wonder. Singularities were erased and reverted to their
original timeline after they were resolved, yes, but she couldn’t help but wonder just how
much they would have to rebuild. Would they be able to? Could they put their lives back
together again after all the destruction she caused?
The image of Lucius’s body flashed in her mind. The man didn’t have any family anymore,
yet how many still did? Fathers, husbands, brothers, sons. How many had she killed? Would
they have their lives restored? What about those who remained and have lost their loved ones
in her rampage? In the face of those questions, her wrath felt more and more petty and
insignificant. Even if she was burned at the stake, what right did she have depriving so many
people of their lives and happiness? What did it get her in the end? Was it even worth it?
The more she thought about it, the more disgusted she became – at herself, at Gilles, and at
everything in Orleans. She could blame Gilles for it all, but in the end, it didn’t change that
she was the one who sent out wyverns and Servants to destroy everything, relishing in the
pain and suffering. No, in the end, there was no one she could blame but herself. She thought
she knew that when she first offered to help Chaldea, but seeing everything here put things in
perspective.
She could never atone for all those lives she took and all she had ruined. But at the very least,
she had to try. As for who would judge her in the end…
Her mind flashed back to the tribunal. Ren, then that legate were kneeling on the floor, stared
down at by the emperor and all the officers, awaiting judgement one way or another. She
breathed out a heavy sigh. Whoever it was that judged her, one way or another, she would
face it and take her fitting punishment. But there was a very, very long way to go. For now,
she could work on atonement by saving humanity. And speaking of which…
Joan picked up her pace. Where the hell did that Avenger go? She could only hope they
weren’t causing trouble yet again.
The battle was over, the sun was setting, and everyone was exhausted. The soldiers were
shuffling off to rest and eat if they weren’t assigned any duties. Those who were still working
moved at a slower pace as fatigue set in, though even their officers didn’t have it in them to
drive them to work harder. They were just as exhausted as their subordinates, and any

punishments were tempered by the sheer amount of destruction and death around them. The
battle and aftermath had been punishment enough.
However, for an emperor, there was no such thing as ‘rest’, especially in war. Assessing the
damage to the city and troops, meeting with various officers and discussing how to proceed
going forward, creating plans and contingencies, dealing with the paperwork as well as
figuring everything else out… such tasks and duties were all under her purview. Perhaps she
could’ve left it to the legate and her various officers, but she refused. As the Flower of
Olympia, she would attend to her duties magnificently, with the perfection that was only
natural of her.
That being said, as Nero sat on the couch staring at a report while the table in front of her was
utterly buried in papers, even she could not wash away the exasperation from her mind. She
had a headache at this point, but she honestly couldn’t tell if it was from her usual migraines
or merely stress at this point. The fact her migraines had improved to the point where they
could be mistaken for stress headaches was a blessing she was ever thankful for, but that
didn’t make it any less annoying.
As she went through the reports, she glanced over at a small pile that she had filtered and
separated from the rest: Information from the captured URE officers. They had apparently
been more than willing to volunteer information without any need for interrogation methods,
gentle or rough. The information would be incredibly useful in days to come.
However, the contents were what disquieted her. Before the attack, a number of officers had
been poisoned with belladonna by apparently one of their own. Without knowing the identity
of the saboteur, they fell into infighting and paranoia. Worse still, something had happened
that forced Alexander to kill his most trusted strategist and advisor Waver with his own hand.
These were cruel portents and frankly, it unsettled her. And because of how everything
happened, none of the captured officers wished to join them, out of either vengeance or fear.
And frankly, she couldn’t blame them.
She sighed as she placed the report down, massaging her temples. It was a matter that needed
addressing with Amamiya, but not tonight. Everyone was far too tired as is.
As she picked up another report, a gentle knock on the door caught her attention. Probably
more reports. It seemed there was no end to work for her tonight. “Enter,” she called out.
Nero blinked with surprise as Ren entered, holding in his hand two dishes of food. “Ren,” she
greeted. “I must admit, I didn’t expect to see you tonight. I had thought you would be
recovering after all you have done today. I do hope you are getting enough rest.”
Ren smiled. “As much as I can,” he admitted. “But it’s admittedly not easy when your old
place went up in flames. Besides, I had a feeling you hadn’t eaten yet, considering you’ve
been running around everywhere like crazy.”
The emperor chuckled as she set down the papers. “Once more, my prerogative for my
station, for good or ill,” she explained. “But please, don’t stand on ceremony – you are
correct that I’ve not eaten, and perhaps some refreshment will allow me to work better.”

With her permission, Ren walked over, handing Nero’s plate over to her before sitting down
on the couch himself. As he sat, he glanced over at the all the papers scattered on the table.
As expected, they were all different sorts of reports. The sheer amount of text was frankly
dizzying. It reminded him of his time at Shujin, particularly during exam preparation. While
he had no trouble learning and memorizing the info, keeping it all straight without it
overwhelming him was a challenge.
For perhaps the millionth time, he was thankful for Makoto. Her skills in keeping information
organized and making it easier to study had always saved him when it came to preparing for
exams, and it more than came in handy when it came to their Metaverse adventures and
keeping track of the various shadows they came across.
As he took a piece of bread and bit into it, his eyes roamed and eventually settled on the pile
of reports separated from the rest. His eyes narrowed as he looked a bit closer – and blinked
again as he saw what they were. He glanced back at Nero, who had followed his gaze and
simply shook her head. “Not tonight,” she said wearily. “It is not a matter that is incredibly
urgent. We will go over this tomorrow morning but for now, it is not something either of us
have the energy to deal with.”
Ren hesitated, then silently nodded. As he slowly sat back, he could only stare at the papers.
Taking Jing Ke’s lessons into account, he had been listening to everyone he could. Scattered
reports about poisoning and Waver’s death, combined with the officers’ paranoia. It didn’t
take much to put two and two together.
He could still see the raw grief and rage on Alexander’s face when they encountered each
other. While the young conqueror needed to be defeated, no one deserved what he went
through. Once more, he was left wonder – what did Loki do?
“I do wonder how I will transcribe this battle,” Nero wondered out loud.
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise at the abrupt (and definitely intentional) change in
topic. “Transcribe it?” he inquired.
The emperor nodded. “The whole campaign deserves to be recorded in history,” she
explained. “But not nearly as some dusty record and tome that only archivists and historians
would appreciate. No – it should be an epic saga, one that resounds with the bravery and
nobility of both the Roman and the United Roman Empire alike! Such a play would resound
in the hearts, minds, and souls of Rome for all time!”
Ren had to consider it. Transcribing all of that into a play would be a monumental feat. Then
again, he had only seen the plays his peers had put together at Shujin. Perhaps Roman plays
were something different, or at least better acted. “With you as the leading role?” he asked,
smiling wryly.
“But of course!” Nero declared with a bright grin. “Is there any other role that I, the emperor
and Flower of Olympia, would be suited for? It is my right – nay, my duty to show my people
my grandeur and beauty, so that they may remember it all the more!”

So saying, she bounced up off the sofa and struck a pose, a hand to her chest as she reached
out with her other with a beatific smile. “My glory and majesty will be the cornerstone of the
play as I lead the Roman forces to oust our foe! And though our foes may be Roman as well,
they are honorable and will capitulate to the rightful empire! It shall be a reminder for the
citizens of how, even at the brink of collapse, we remain strong and proud!”
The Phantom Thief looked over at Nero as she posed and talked about her play. Now that he
could look at her fully, he could see that her dress was in worse condition than he thought:
Tattered and frayed, with numerous burns and scorch marks. The once-elegant and beautiful
dress had been reduced to rags from the siege. There were shadows underneath Nero’s eyes
from stress and exhaustion, and though her golden hair had been tied up per usual, it was
slowly unravelling, showing loose strands and knots.
And yet, despite the emperor’s disheveled state, as she stood in the orange rays of the setting
sun filtering into the room, she was breathtaking to behold – her confidence and pride
unshakeable, her beauty utterly radiant. In fact, though she didn’t look her greatest, that
arguably added onto her beauty as she seemed unmarred by the experience. No, not
unmarred. She went through all these trials and only became all the greater for it.
Nero glanced over at Ren staring at her with wonder and admiration and smiled. Prancing
over, she surprised him by taking hold of his hands and bringing him up. A step later and they
were both dancing, their steps light against the tiled floor as their silhouettes twisted and
moved. There was no music, but they were both easily in sync nevertheless, as if though they
had been dancing together their entire lives.
“Of course, I cannot take the lead role all on my own,” Nero murmured as her back was
pressed up against Ren’s chest. “You and yours have been crucial in this campaign in every
turn. Without you, Rome long would’ve fallen.” A twist, a pull, and they were face to face
with their bodies pressed together. “You would stand alongside me, Ren Amamiya, your role
as great as my own. It is no less what you deserve – and what you are.”
Ren smiled gently as he spun her around. “You honor me greatly, Nero,” he thanked her
earnestly. “But my lead role is a little different from others’. After all, I’m a thief – a spotlight
is only gonna cause problems for me. No, my role is only to show myself when it’s the
most… fitting. No more, no less.”
Catching Nero, he dipped her down, their faces only mere inches from each other. “And it
especially wouldn’t do for a thief to overshadow an emperor,” he added with a small smirk.
“It’d be like an eclipse – and that’s not a portent you want for your empire. No, the stage is
yours and yours alone, Nero.”
Nero frowned lightly up at Ren. “Yet there is beauty of the night in the midst of day,” she
replied before smiling wearily. “But it is clear you are not dissuaded. So be it. But I will
never allow your deeds to fade from my own memory. In my office as emperor, I swear.”
The Phantom Thief smiled. “That’s all I want,” he replied before lifting her up and spinning
her once more, beginning their dance anew.

Still, despite their dance and ease, there was something that bothered Ren. It felt like he was
being watched, yet not. It didn’t feel like someone was watching them from the outside – and
to double check, he glanced over at the door and windows. He also knew Loki wasn’t nearby
and it didn’t feel like it was Jing Ke checking up on them. No, this was something different
entirely, something strange.
Still, something was watching them.
His instincts flared up. It was very much a long shot, but it couldn’t hurt to check. If he was
wrong, then he’d just look elsewhere, perhaps even consult with Chaldea or his Servants
about it. As he spun Nero once more, his eyes turned red as he activated his Third Eye. He
glanced at Nero – then blinked. While she was overall glowing blue, there was a hint of a
dark, red fog that was rising off her. It didn’t feel like the regular fog he saw from stronger
shadows back in Tokyo – this fog felt… sentient. Malevolent.
Then it shifted and Ren started, his step faltering for half a second and almost dropping Nero
before regaining his composure. The emperor thankfully hadn’t noticed as his eyes went back
to normal and they kept dancing, which he was thankful for. This wasn’t something he could
talk about with her, nor anyone. He had never experienced something like this in all his time
in Tokyo, or even in Chaldea up until now. He would need to visit the Velvet Room. For now,
all he knew were two things: There was something incredibly evil dwelling within Nero.
And it was staring right at him.

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll get
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/qEwpcqhGaV

Chapter 84: Reunion
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The URE camp sat deserted some distance away from Massilia. Roman soldiers moved about
the camp, grabbing and hauling what supplies they could – as usual, a large number of
weapons and armor, with a smattering of high-quality supplies that were obviously for the
officers. Officers barked orders and watched with a scrutinizing gaze as it was all hauled back
to the city after it had counted and inventoried.
Near the camp, occupied by only a few soldiers, was a small graveyard. It held only
approximately a hundred people or so, and judging by the incredibly soft soil, it had only
been recently dug – most likely last night after everything that had occurred. Each one was
marked with a plank of wood with a name inscribed on each one. The majority of them
seemed to have been carved by the same person as well. Under an officer’s orders, a few of
the graves were exhumed so the bodies could be examined. As predicted, all the bodies
within were human officers, and all of them were diagnosed with belladonna poisoning.
Loki sat on a nearby ledge, high above the URE camp. Nobody looked up and so no one
noticed the Avenger. After their battle with Alexander had concluded, they plunged back into
the front lines and forced the enemy officers to order their divisions either to retreat or stand
down. Without the protection and coordination from Waver, they became far easier to track
down despite their disguises. Many of them capitulated out of panic, but some resisted to the
very end, ordering their soldiers to fight alongside them to take out the trickster god.
For their bravery, their blood ended up coating Loki’s blade.
The Avenger tapped a finger impatiently on their arm as they silently observed the activity in
the graveyard. As far as they were concerned, they were correct in everything they did. The
casualties were high on both sides, to the point where it could be labelled a pyrrhic victory,
but they lived to fight and march on regardless. Both Waver and Alexander were dealt with,
with neither of them making any contingencies for their defeat. All their officers were either
captured and being interrogated or dead. Frankly, things turned out for the best, all things
considered.
But if that’s the case, why did they feel so… discontent about everything? They had been
crucial to the victory, yet it all stuck in their craw. What they did to Waver and Alexander was
horrific, sure, but it was a war. Morality mattered little in such things. And they had no
regrets either about poisoning the officers either. It made things all the easier.
And yet, something stuck in him like a tumor. One they couldn’t locate and yet ate away at
any satisfaction they gained from this victory. Thinking back, when they drove Waver
berserk, for a split second, they felt like he lost a small part of himself. The sharp questions
from their Master didn’t exactly help either. They were no strangers to questionable acts if it
meant they won in the long run, but this was… no. Something about this wasn’t right.

They sighed as they mused. The closest answer they had was that overall, they had been
sloppy. There was a huge amount of collateral damage instead of simply dealing with their
targets as necessary. Whenever they acted in the past, any damage only pertained to his
targets – and to them as well, but that was something they were more than used to at this
point. Consequences to themselves are rather common, all things considered.
“There you are.”
Loki glanced up and saw Joan standing there, glaring down at them. Pushing aside their
ruminations, they forced a smirk on their face. “Ah, good morning to you, Lancer,” the
trickster god greeted sardonically. “Don’t mind me, I’m just observing the fruits of my labor.
It really is rather picturesque when you look at it from a distance-“
That was as far as they got before Joan had marched up and punched them square in the face.
The gauntleted fist, backed by the strength of a Servant, knocked Loki straight to the ground,
seeing stars. IT was an oddly familiar feeling. His compatriot gods often had a similar
reaction once they found out his newest prank or trick and sought retribution.
“D-dare I ask what that was specifically for?” they groaned as they slowly stood back up,
rubbing their very tender jaw. Frankly, if they had been any less resilient, it would’ve been
shattered. Even now, they were sure at the very least it was cracked from that blow. The
injury would heal itself shortly but that wasn’t the point right now.
“You got a lotta nerve asking that,” Joan growled. “You know damn well what you did.”
Loki raised an eyebrow. “Is that it?” they asked flatly. “Really, I thought you had a much
more amusing reason to punch me – at least Ritsu did when we first met.”
So saying, the Avenger sat back down on the rock. “I don’t know what you’re complaining
about, to be honest,” they drawled. “We won and they lost. By all rights, it should’ve been
the reverse – they had the better strategists, they had more soldiers, better morale, supplies,
better… well, everything. Hell, we had more Servants on our side and we were still facing
defeat dead-on.”
They reclined in their seat. “So we took a beating,” they said, waving it off. “I’ll fully admit
it wasn’t my best work – it was ridiculously sloppy, all things considered – but in the end, the
fact that we prevailed against such a superior force is nothing short of a miracle.”
Loki glanced up at Joan out of the side of their eyes. “If anything, you should be thanking
me,” they noted sardonically. “Thanks to what I did, we managed to win in the end.”
For that remark, a second fist followed, once more sending Loki to the ground. “Yeah, we did
win,” Joan growled. “And maybe in the end that’s what matters the most. But A lot of people
died because of your bullshit, Loki. They can’t exactly argue against you, but I figure for
their sake, you deserve at least this much.”
The Avenger glared up at her as they staggered back up. “Oh, so now you’re speaking for the
dead then?” they mocked, venom dripping from each word. “That’s just fucking hilarious.
You’ve done just as much if not more back during your little tenure over in France, and now

you’re turning around and hitting me for it? Ha, I’d laugh harder if it wasn’t for the fact that
you’re about to make me puke.”
The trickster god stood back up and walked up to Joan, glaring her in the eye. “You have
absolutely no right to talk from a fucking pedestal right now,” they snarled. “But even if you
did, I made sure we fucking won. Wars don’t allow for niceties, and as far as I’m concerned,
the gloves came off once they tried to poison our fucking Master – or did you conveniently
forget that part? I played by their rules, and in the end, I played the game better than they
did.”
They narrowed their eyes. “So if you’re gonna talk about avenging or speaking for the dead,
realize that you only have the luxury of doing so now because of me,” they hissed. “Now are
we done here or do I have to keep pointing out how much of a fucking hypocrite you are?”
Joan was silent for a while as they processed the Avenger’s words. “You’re right,” she
conceded calmly. “I have no right to speak for the dead in any sense. Frankly, this is just
personal satisfaction – a way to vent and get some shit out. Despite the high casualties, we
did win, and you’re right – this is stuff I saw… and caused… back in France everywhere.”
Loki blinked in surprise at the rather frank admittance before the Lancer continued. “That
doesn’t mean, however, what you did wasn’t completely shitty,” she growled. “A lot of men
lost their lives over this with many more gravely injured, we weren’t able to get nearly as
many officers on our side as we could’ve, and morale right now is abysmal. If you call this a
win, then frankly your definition of a loss would probably along the lines of an utter
catastrophe. I did screw up, but at the very least, I’m trying to make amends how I can and
take responsibility for all that I did.”
She grabbed them by the collar. “What you did, what you pulled off,” she whispered. “No
one’s going to forget it. You’ll be held accountable for acting out like this. So stop acting like
this doesn’t affect you, you bastard, and learn to take some goddamn responsibility.”
The two Servants glared at each other before the trickster god knocked her hand away. “Spare
me your self-righteous lecture, you piece of shit,” they snarled. “I’m not you. I’ll do what I
can and what I must – no more and no less. Next time, pull a victory out of your ass and then
maybe we can talk. Until then, all I hear is the whimpering of a hypocrite, which is worth less
than nothing. I think we’re done here, so piss off and do something actually useful.” Before
Joan could retort, the Avenger turned around, stalked off, and vanished into thin air once
more.
Jeanne stared at where the trickster god vanished, then sighed as she ran a hand through her
pale hair. Despite her arguments, Loki’s words hung heavily in her mind despite everything.
She couldn’t deny them. They were right in calling her a hypocrite. Who was she to tell them
what to do when she had committed the same if not far worse back in France? What made her
so different from them?
Actually, no. Despite everything, there was a difference. She turned to look back at the city,
smoke still billowing out from smothered fires as the distant cries of soldiers and officers
echoed in the still air. The ruins of the buildings and the corpses on the street as she wandered
through were fresh in her mind. As painful as it all was, she couldn’t – no, she wouldn’t run

away from it all. Whatever she needed to do to make amends, she’d do it. It wouldn’t erase
the pain and destruction it caused, but it was a start.
Her hands tightened into fists. Chaldea’s technology was meant to send people to different
timelines, wasn’t it? Then perhaps after everything was over, she could possibly head back to
where it began. And from there, make amends how she could.
Joan shook her head as she began stomping down toward the former URE camp. That was a
thought for later. For now, there was still much to do in this singularity. She would see her
mission through, no matter what.
If there was one thing Ren appreciated about the Velvet Room, it was how constant it was.
Without fail, he always woke up in his bunk within his cell, his eyes greeted by the sight of
the blue velvet walls that lined his room. The quiet piano and mournful singing that
permeated the place never changed, yet it never got old or tiring. And when he stood up and
walked out, there would be Igor at his table with his perpetual grin, with Lavenza and Olga
by his side awaiting him. There was something comforting about how the Velvet Room
stayed the same and was always there for him, no matter what chaos may happen in the
waking world.
It was the same feeling as whenever he got back to LeBlanc – the feeling of arriving back
home after a very long day, be it school, Palaces, or otherwise.
Still, as Ren walked through the cell door, he had to admit it was quite the whiplash.
Compared to the clamor of Massilia and the siege, the calm almost set Ren on edge, as
though he expected something to burst out at any second. With some annoyance, he had to
force himself to calm down a little. The Velvet Room was a safe space (aside from that time
with Yaldabaoth, but that was the exception, not the norm) and any worries he had would be
unfounded here.
“Welcome back, my dear guest,” Igor greeted cordially as Ren stepped forward. “This battle
proved a most formidable trial for you and yours, one where even the greatest would be hard
pressed. And yet, you have emerged victorious in the end. You must be commended for such
an accomplishment.”
Ren forced a smile. “Thanks, Igor,” he replied. “Still, I can’t take any credit for this one – I
was just holding the fort. Loki was the one who secured our… victory.” The last word was
hard to speak, threatening to choke him in bile he couldn’t help but feel. It didn’t feel like a
win in the slightest, with how many died on both sides.
And Alexander… He could never forget the young conqueror’s visage of rage and grief. A
victory caused by a psychotic breakdown was one he would rather not have.
Olga huffed quietly, her arms crossed. “As unpleasant as it was, Amamiya,” she stated. “Loki
did have good intentions for what they did – not the best intentions, of course, but good
enough. And regardless, they have secured you a rather unlikely victory, as distasteful as the
method is. The abilities of Lord El-Melloi are not to be underestimated, yet they succeeded.
That has to be taken into consideration.”

Lavenza frowned over at her. “Regardless, driving a person psychotic to break down their
allies is a truly grim tactic,” she reminded her. “The Trickster has had many experiences with
both mental shutdowns and psychotic breakdowns. While it may have been necessary, it
stands to reason it may cause a lot more harm than good. We can see the consequences for
ourselves, after all. However justified, it is still a repugnant act.”
The Phantom Thief raised his hands. “Guys, guys, I get it,” he reassured them wearily. “We
can argue all we like about it, but what’s done is done. At the least, I gotta figure out what has
to be done with Loki. If they can drive people psychotic like that, including Servants, then we
can’t just leave them be. I’ll need to consult with everyone else, though, and see what we can
come up with. You guys have any advice?”
The former director frowned again. “If my memory is correct, Loki in myths is a very
slippery character,” she cautioned. “I would be especially careful using a command seal on
him. While command seals are absolute, the effects are weaker the broader the order is. On
the other hand, if you use something specific, there’s a considerable possibility they’ll exploit
a loophole. There’s several myths where they do just that, after all.”
Ren nodded grimly. “Got it,” he acknowledged. Having as much info as he could to deal with
Loki was quite welcomed at this point, and indeed, he also remembered a few of Loki’s
myths when he was reading up on the Servant. If they didn’t approach this carefully, the
trickster god would easily slip right through and cause more mayhem – or perhaps they might
even do so out of spite. Ren wouldn’t put it past Loki to do that. Right now, his trust in the
Servant was wavering.
Deciding to switch topics, the Phantom Thief looked back up at the three grimly. “What
about Nero?” he asked. “I’ve met a lot of people but that’s the first time I’ve ever
encountered something that… noticed me looking with my Third Eye. I’m guessing it’s
Nero’s shadow but it’s the first time I’ve had a shadow stare back at me like that. Do you
guys know anything about that?”
There was a deep, palpable silence at Ren’s question. What surprised Ren, however, was that
Olga was also looking over to Igor and Lavenza, frowning in confusion. It was clear that
whatever it was, she was in the dark about it as well. Then he remembered: as competent as
she was, she was still an Attendant in training. She probably didn’t learn or know as much as
the other two - and he had a sinking feeling it wasn’t because they just simply hadn’t reached
that part of her education yet.
“What dwells within Nero,” Igor began slowly. “Is something that you need not face right
now. It is far beyond your capability, nor will it matter for your mission. It shall indeed be
another trial for you – another one far exceeding the ones your predecessors have faced in the
past – but at the moment, it is not one for you to confront until it is necessary.”
The Phantom Thief frowned. While the residents of the Velvet Room normally were vague at
best when answering his questions, this was perhaps one of the most blatant dodge attempts
to dodge the question. And this time, it felt more like they were trying to keep him away from
something rather than simply being vague about it and relying on it to figure things out. He
idly wondered if Justine and Caroline would just blatantly tell him to not bother with this for
his own good.

At least they were upfront in telling him they weren’t going to answer him. He still
remembered when the false Igor straight up lying to him when he asked if he knew who the
other Persona user was back in Tokyo. Once more, it had just been a rigged game from the
start.
“So it’s that bad, huh?” Ren commented, frowning in consternation. “Well, if that’s what you
guys say, then I’ll believe you.” There was no reason to distrust them – and if they were
blatantly warning them like this, then he would be an idiot not to listen. Igor (the real one)
and Lavenza have never led him astray no matter what, and he knew it was no different here.
Besides, even if he wanted to do something about it, Nero’s Palace was all the way back in
Rome. There was absolutely no way they could backtrack that far and not lose a huge amount
of time, even if it was just him and their Servants. No, whatever lurked within Nero would
have to be left alone. So long as it wasn’t a concern during the campaign, then that was all
they could ask for.
Suddenly, he remembered when he studied the Roman Empire back in school and what he
had been taught – particularly Nero’s tyrannical reign. Much of it had apparently been
political propaganda, but not all of it and in time, s/he would die a rather ignominious death
via suicide. He could only grimly wonder if it was the influence of her shadow that in the end
caused her downfall. Once history was resolved, it would all play out once more as she fell
prey to her own shadow – something he couldn’t, and shouldn’t, fix.
Wearily, the Phantom Thief shoved it out of his mind. No matter how much he despised it,
there was nothing he could do about it, nor was it his ultimate goal. No, he needed to focus
once more on what he could do now and go from there.
Lavenza smiled as she stepped forward, placing her hand on Ren’s. “Your empathy and your
compassion knows no bounds once more, my Trickster,” she murmured. “And it is only
matched by your determination and cunning. I have no doubt you will see all these trials
through, be it Loki or the emperor. I know without a shadow of a doubt you shall succeed.”
Ren blinked in surprise at her gesture, then smiled, grasping her hand in turn. “Thanks,
Lavenza,” he murmured. He glanced back up at the others. Igor’s perpetual grin widened
once more and while Olga still had a stern demeanor, it had softened somewhat. “Thanks,
guys. I’ll take over from here. I should be getting some rest, so I’ll see you when I see you.”
“Rest well, my dear guest,” Igor acknowledged as Lavenza stepped away. “And know that
we shall always been watching over your endeavors.”
The Phantom Thief smiled and with a nod, entered back into his cell. His surroundings
melted away into darkness, and he knew no more.
The residents of the Velvet Room watched as Ren vanished back into the waking world
before Olga faced the other two. “Explain to me, what is the issue with Nero?” she
demanded. “If both of you find it a subject of concern, then would it not be best that I know
as well so I can make any due preparations?”

Igor sighed wearily. “It is… difficult to make such preparations for such an event,” he
answered. “The issue of Nero and her shadow is far beyond the trials many of our guests
have undergone, and frankly speaking, is not something to be lightly trifled with - not without
due cause. Lavenza and I did not wish to tell you immediately to help preserve your sanctity
of mind, especially concerning a matter that is best ignored.”
His eyes glanced over to the now-worried Olga. “Do you still wish to know?” he asked
calmly.
Olga blinked, hesitated for a second, then nodded with determination. “If I am to fulfill my
role as an Attendant, then it is best I know as much as I can,” she replied. “Whether it is good
or bad news, it matters little. Too much rides on this, after all, and I will not hesitate due to
my own squeamishness.”
Both Igor and Lavenza smiled. “Such spirit,” the former praised. “Our guest truly knows how
to forge powerful bonds with such laudable people. I applaud your bravery and tenacity. Very
well, Olga. I shall explain as much as I am able to.”
Thus, the Master of the Velvet Room explained as much as he could. Olga listened – and she
would be beset by nightmares in the days to come.
“We should be approaching shortly.”
Morgana nodded. “Thanks, Rider,” he mentally replied tersely before shivering slightly as the
wind whistled past him. The chill from the higher altitude was still getting to him despite his
fur. Still, he wasn’t all too cold – Tama’s paws were curled protectively around him as she
pressed him close to her body, her surprisingly warm body easily warding off the lower
temperature. Granted, her ample chest resting on his head was a bit heavy for his liking, but
he couldn’t complain too much.
They were soaring through the air well above the Mediterranean. Medusa was in front, her
hands on the reins as her Pegasus easily cut through the winds, her body blocking any
headwind to her passengers. Right behind her sat Tamamo Cat with Morgana in her grip. The
catlike Master had originally planned to sit up front with the Rider, but both Servants had
cautioned him about the cooler conditions and thinner air at higher altitudes and in the end,
Morgana agreed to sit with Tamamo Cat. He was now incredibly thankful he listened to them.
The ships had been taking too long despite Medusa and Astolfo’s sailing prowess, and after
receiving news of the assassination attempt and everything afterward, Morgana knew they
had to get to the city faster. Thus, after working out plans and logistics with legate Evander,
both Riders summoned their respective mounts and flew straight for Massilia. They had
ascended high enough to both mask their entrances and to get a literal birds-eye view of the
situation. It would have been better to soar above the clouds for further camouflage, but the
atmosphere above was far too thin for Morgana to breathe properly. Even now, he found
himself more out of breath than he expected.
“Are you doing okay, Master?” Tama asked, glancing down worriedly at Morgana.

Morgana blinked as he tilted his head up, barely seeing the Berserker’s expression past her
sizing, and gave a reassuring smile. “Nothing I can’t handle,” he replied easily. “But thanks
for your help, Tama – I’d rather not go into battle freezing cold where I can’t move properly.”
Tama beamed. “It is the least I can do, Master, woof! I mean, meow!” she reassured him in
turn.
The catlike being grinned up at her before looking over to the side. Flying some distance
away was Astolfo on his hippogriff, easily keeping pace with Medusa’s Pegasus. Behind the
effeminate Rider was Archer, his face locked into a fierce expression as his steel-grey eyes
scanned the horizon. He had once more been babysitting Astolfo, but now the normally
happy-go-lucky Rider seemed more determined than usual as the red-mantled hero kept
watch, his eyesight going far beyond what any of them could see.
‘Archer, you see anything yet?’ Morgana asked telepathically.
Frowning, the man narrowed his eyes. ‘I see lots of smoke rising ahead of us,’ he reported.
‘No large masses of soldiers though and the city looks to be relatively intact if deserted.
Chances are good the Romans held out.’
Morgana forced a laugh. ‘That’s Joker for you,’ he commented. ‘He probably figured a way
out. But like hell I’m gonna leave him in a lurch if he’s still in trouble!’
‘We are already moving as fast as we can, Master,’ Archer reminded him calmly. ’Any faster
would risk harm to you. We’ll be at the city in approximately ten minutes. I ask that you sit
tight until then.’
‘Easy for you to say,’ the catlike being grumbled. ‘Are you able to at least take a shot from
there?’
‘If the opportunity presents itself,’ Archer grimly stated. Morgana glanced over again and
saw the red-mantled hero had summoned his bow. All he needed was an arrow – or rather, a
sword. It was a reassuring sight, but it did little to alleviate Morgana’s nerves.
‘We’ll be picking up speed, Master,’ Medusa reported. ‘Hold on.’
Morgana blinked, then he glanced up at the Berserker. “Hold on tight, Tama!” he commanded
as he held onto her paws. The Servant blinked before nodding determinedly, also increasing
her grip on him in turn.
As a pair, the Pegasus and the hippogriff descended. The temperature quickly became warmer
as they approached the ground despite the wind whipping about them, and soon, even
Morgana could see the city. It looked almost like a model at first, yet as they steadily
approached, the buildings and walls grew steadily bigger and bigger. Idly, Morgana wondered
if this was what the other Thieves saw when they went on that airplane ride to Hawaii.
He shook himself out of it. This wasn’t the time to get distracted, especially as he saw the
plumes of smoke grow thicker and higher. Glancing down in concern, he looked around for
any sign of the enemy, and found them he did: As a near uncountable mass of bodies littering

both within the city and all over the fields outside. They could all see the enormous bonfires
as they saw Roman soldiers cart bodies over and toss them into the flames.
‘It seems the Roman forces are victorious, Master,’ Medusa noted, frowning slightly as she
observed the situation.
‘Yeah,’ Morgana quietly agreed. And yet, despite the apparent victory, everyone and
everything seemed far more subdued than he expected. There was no air of celebration,
cheer, or accomplishment that was normally associated with winning. The soldiers seem
exhausted and weary, going about their tasks. It may have been because the battles might
have cost them too much. The Romans had been numbered almost twenty to one, after all.
The fact they were able to not only hold out, but even win was honestly mindboggling.
Their reverie was interrupted by shouting from below. Glancing over, everyone could see
soldiers pointing up to them in panicking. Quickly moving up the wall, they all prepared their
bows, nocking arrows and preparing to fire up at the two of them. Medusa’s grip tightened on
the reins as Tama held Morgana more securely, bracing themselves for evasive maneuversSuddenly, there was a glimmer of white among the sea of iron as Ren rushed up to the walls,
rapidly waving his arms and shouting indistinctly at the soldiers, to their confusion. They
began lowering their bows warily, obviously not entirely sold on Ren’s words. Morgana
frowned. There had to be some way they could reassure the Romans they were friendlySuddenly, he was lifted up into the air with a startled squawk. Looking down, he saw
Tamamo Cat holding him up like he was a newborn kitten. “T-Tama, what are you doing?!”
he demanded nervously as he did his best to not look down.“If they see you, they’re less
likely to attack you!” Tamamo Cat chirped. “After all, we’re allies of Rome, and your
presence is known, right? So if they see you, then they’re likely going to know we’re
friends!”
She adjusted her hold a bit to make sure the catlike being was visible past the flapping wings
of the Pegasus in full view of the Romans. “I feel like I should sing, woof! I mean, meow! I
sing, Master?”
Morgana blinked in surprise. “Uh, maybe not right now,” he replied. This was far more
embarrassing than he expected, being held up like this. He realized with no small amount of
mortification that Tama was right – this was like that one Disney movie, though that barely
distracted him how high he was. Sure, he could land on his feet – in fact, he thought he read
someplace that cats could reach terminal velocity and still be able to land without issue. Still,
that didn’t detract from how utterly terrifying it was.
The stunt bore fruit, however – the soldiers began pointing and cheering as they saw
Morgana, who just had the sinking realization that he wasn’t about to hear the end of this
anytime soon. Especially since he saw to his horror that Ren had his phone out and was
apparently recording the whole thing. How much battery did that thing have?!
“Look Master, they recognize you!” Tama crowed happily. “This was a good idea!”

“Er, yeah,” Morgana replied weakly. “Y-you can go ahead and put me down now.” Tamamo
Cat happily obeyed, looking all too pleased with herself. Despite the winds still whipping
around them, Morgana felt the heat in his face. His fur hid his blush but he still felt the
humiliation burn underneath. He could hear both Medusa and Archer chuckling in his mind
as Astolfo’s laughter lifted clear above the wind. ‘It’s not funny!’ he roared at the two of
them. He was only met with more chuckling in turn.
With a groan, he buried his face in his paws. This wasn’t how he wanted his return to go in
the slightest.
“Way to make an entrance, Mona,” Ren commented with a grin. “Or should I call you Simba
from now on? I’m sure the other guys would agree with the name change.”
“Not another word from you, Joker,” Morgana grumbled. They had set down some distance
away from Massilia. The other Servants stayed back both to survey the area and manage their
beasts – the latter being Astolfo and his hippogriff. “I’m just glad they didn’t fire on us. It
seemed pretty dicey for a moment there.”
Ren nodded in agreement. “After the whole siege, everyone’s still on edge,” he explained.
“We’re picking up the pieces here and there, but there’s a lot to be done and everyone’s
exhausted. You coming back is honestly a huge load off everyone’s minds. I’m guessing the
rest of your detachment’s on the way?”
The catlike being nodded. “We checked in and worked with Evander on that front,” he
answered. “The first of the supplies should be reaching here within a couple days. I take it
you guys have something similar on land too?”
“Yep, though it’ll be a bit longer,” Ren confirmed. “Still, the sooner the better.”
“I’ll say,” Morgana grumbled, looking past Ren at the city. “Seems like the attack was
ridiculous.”
Ren frowned as he followed his best friend’s gaze. “There were… other circumstances at
work,” he commented, drawing the catlike being’s curiosity. “A lot of this wasn’t normal.”
Morgana blinked before narrowing his eyes. “What do you mean?” he asked warily.
The Phantom Thief thought about how to answer him. “The subway last spring,” Ren
answered quietly.
The catlike being’s eyes narrowed further – then shot wide open in horror as all the pieces
quickly clicked together. “Wait, you mean-!” he gasped.
“Not now,” Ren sharply cut him off, glancing around to make sure no one had been listening
in. “We’ll wait until everyone’s arrived, then I’ll brief them all at once. Just keep an eye out
for them and be careful.” He turned to look at Morgana’s Servants and forced a smile. “Now,
mind introducing me? I only saw them briefly, after all.”

Morgana mutely nodded and led Ren toward the others as his mind raced a thousand miles an
hour. He just now had an inkling of what his best friend had to go through.
It seemed that their troubles were far from over.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! We have
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.com/invite/kCrWryPXEs

Chapter 85: Triumph
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Roman forces were congregating and coalescing once more. Centurion Morgana’s
showing was unorthodox, but it had already been an uplifting sight to behold: the mythical
Pegasus as well as another winged creature. One that she didn’t know about but held almost
as much majesty as the famed steed. There was some panic among the soldiers and officers,
and for good reason – after all, with all that had happened as of late, everyone had been wary
of further enemies and their abilities. But they had landed and reconvened, and the one who
shared her voice even brought a number of missives and reports from Evander.
Which, of course, only meant more work for Nero.
Eyeing the city with a critical gaze, she strode through the city as her two guards flanked her
on either side. She had already read through the report on how extensive the damage had
been. Comprehensive repairs were frankly out of the option. There simply wasn’t the time,
resources, engineers, or laborers to do so. Currently, the best they could really do was utilize
the rubble from the battle to create impromptu barriers at the destroyed gates, as well as for
any urgent repairs to the walls and structures to prevent them from collapsing.
A shadow flitted over her vision, causing her to glance up and see the pink-haired Rider
flying on his winged creature. Nero smiled. The newcomers had been unorthodox characters,
to be sure, but vibrant and lively. Astolfo’s beauty captivated Nero immediately, though
recent events had her watching him under a more critical light, particularly to his rather…
peculiar mindset. Thankfully it hadn’t been that bad, and the Paladin’s cheer brought up the
spirits of the exhausted Roman soldiers. The sight of him on his creature – Hippy the
Hippogriff, he called it – had been a joy to behold.
Then there was that other being that Morgana brought with her. Even in the short time they
met, she noticed that the new person – Tamamo Cat – always followed Morgana’s footsteps
like his shadow. Everyone had currently been too occupied to ask about it, but considering he
was a being blessed with a similar voice as the emperor herself, it was no surprise that he
would garner enough loyalty to have his own personal retainer.
Along with the reinforcements, the reports Morgana had brought with him were filled with
good news: Casualties had been at a minimum, with multiple ships captured and garnering
the support of the townspeople on the islands. A contingent of Roman soldiers would be here
within days, and so would fresh supplies in a few more, both of which were in dire need.
But what caught her eye was the report about a goddess on one of the islands – which was
also where they had picked up Astolfo and Tamamo Cat in the first place. Apparently, it had
been more or less dealt with and there was a simple directive about the island now: Don’t go
there. It was a non-critical territory and can be easily bypassed during voyages. Engaging
with said goddess was to be avoided at all costs. While the emperor’s curiosity had been

piqued, she knew better than to frivolously head off. It was a shame, though perhaps she
might be able to create some sort of scene in the resulting play…
Shoving such frivolous thoughts aside, she returned her attention back to her surroundings.
Glancing over, she saw a small convoy of enemy officers shuffling past her, their hands and
feet bound as they moved under the watchful eye of their guards. Noticing their emperor,
they saluted her before continuing on. A few of the prisoners gave her brief glances, but
otherwise said nothing towards her.
She frowned to herself. When she discussed with Ren about the matter, the normally forward
and forthright young man had been surprisingly sparse with the details. “It’s something that
needs to be handled on our end,” he told her with no small amount of exhaustion. “I’ll let you
know as much as I can, but for now, it’s the kind of information that had even us
uncomfortable, let alone you and the other Romans. Can I ask you to wait for a bit, Nero?”
Nero wasn’t amused to hear that answer but accepted regardless. “Do what you must then,
centurion,” she replied. “You know your own forces and their abilities. However, do know
that this matter is of grave concern to me and my officers – we had hoped to at least convert a
few of them to our side and bolster our leadership, but they are all adamant in their refusal.”
The emperor watched as Ren flinched and gave a rueful smile at the news. “Noted,” he
replied earnestly. And that was that.
Still, as much as she trusted her allies, it was beyond idiocy as an emperor to put absolute
trust in them. Even the best of intentions and greatest of loyalties could be twisted into
betrayal – a lesson she learned almost too late thanks to Asisculus. To that end, she had Jing
Ke monitor them as quietly and as inconspicuously as she could. It had been difficult – Ren
apparently could seemingly sense when the Assassin was lurking nearby despite her abilities–
but she was still able to glean some information: One of their own, the one called Loki, had
instigated everything. However, the how or why still eluded them.
Heavy footsteps drew her attention. Turning, she beheld the impressive stature of Lu Bu. His
blank, white eyes never showed an ounce of expression in them, nor did he ever say anything
comprehensible, but the man was a fierce warrior who could still comprehend her words. He
had always been a major boon on the battlefield, but his mannerisms made him far too
unstable to group him in any legion. Hence, he answered only to her and operated by himself.
And speaking of which…
“Welcome back, my fiercest warrior,” she greeted cordially. “Were you able to make any
progress to what I asked for?”
Lu Bu let out a quiet huff before slowly shaking his head. Nero frowned in consternation. She
had ordered the Berserker in secret to find and keep track of Loki under guise of his patrols,
but so far had met no success. She couldn’t fault him, however – his talents were for the
battlefield, not for hunting. And from what she was aware of, Loki was particularly slippery.
Not that it was surprising – one needed to be in order to do… whatever it was he did.
“Well, report back if there is something amiss,” the emperor sighed. “While I do enjoy
surprises, this is one I would rather not be caught by.” The Berserker huffed, nodded, and

once more lumbered away as his awesome figure dissipated into golden dust. Her two guards
were none the wiser, assuming only that Nero had set some sort of task for the warrior. It
wasn’t their place to question the emperor.
Marching out of the city, she beheld the countless bonfires incinerating the corpses from the
battle. She stopped at a group of smaller bonfires, reserved only for the fallen Romans. A full
list of the casualties was still being compiled, but it was considerable, to say the least. These
men had given up their lives willingly – for her and for the empire. It would be remiss of her
if she didn’t honor them.
“Imperator!”
Nero blinked and turned, seeing the newly promoted centurion running up to her. “Centurion
Ignacia,” she greeted. “What news?”
The new centurion stopped in front of her, trying to catch his breath, before responding.
“We’ve reports from our scouts,” he gasped out. “The contingent from Gaul is arriving
shortly. They seem exhausted but are otherwise in good shape.”
The emperor blinked in surprise, then nodded with a grin. “That is spectacular news,” she
chirped. “Inform centurion Amamiya of this news. We must make ready for their arrival.”
Glauca saluted with a grin before dashing off to find Ren – and Nero’s smile dropped as soon
as he left. The contingent from Gaul... that meant two people arriving she had honestly hoped
she wouldn’t need to . While she was far from a coward, these were people that were even in
the best-case scenario would be uncomfortable to deal with, to put it mildly.
Then she sighed to herself. No. Regardless of everything – of who she had to face, be it
enemies or allies, of the challenges in her way, of all the unknowns – she would see them all
through, and the Roman Empire would be whole once more.
After all, as the Flower of Olympia, she would settle for nothing less.
Ren didn’t know what to expect. He was more than happy that Mash and Ritsu were finally
returning, with more Servants and soldiers in tow (no supplies – those were all tied up in
Gaul). They were all together again, and as he saw everyone gathered once more, he felt a
huge weight lift off his gut and shoulders. Each and every time they parted ways, he couldn’t
help but feel in the back of his mind that he would never see them again, with how serious
the situation was. Being wrong never felt better.
“Holy crap what the hell happened here?!”
Of course, there were still matters to get out of the way – like explanations.
Ren chuckled ruefully as he rubbed the back of his neck. “It was a pretty massive siege,” he
answered as Ritsu stared, flabbergasted, at the entire battlefield. “It definitely kicked up
during the second day to the point where it was kinda touch-and-go, but we held on in the
end.” He wasn’t about to get into details here – that was a more private conversation, without

the Roman soldiers and officers listening in. He had no doubt Ritsu had a trillion questions
but was glad she was restraining herself.
“Are you okay, senpai?” Mash asked, looking up and down at him in concern. Ever since
hearing the news about the assassination attempt on Ren, she had been beyond tense. Unable
to protect her senpai, unable to assist, unable to do anything except try to quell the countless
worries that roiled in her gut. She tried imagining and emulating what her senpai would do:
Keep a cool, calm head, do what she can, maybe even crack a joke… but both thoughts and
words failed her.
Ritsu had been the opposite. She never stopped thinking of plans and strategies, trying to
glean every bit of info she could, as well as talking to Tamamo, Spartacus, and Boudica to
see if they could accelerate their traversal even just a bit. Yet no matter what they
brainstormed, every scenario or situation had proven to be untenable – be it was too much of
a strain on the troops, on Ritsu herself, or there simply were simply far too many
complications.
The shielder had witnessed everything as her senpai worked tirelessly. Instead of fretting like
she had, Ritsu-senpai had done everything she feasibly could to find a solution and then
some. She could only come to the realization that both of her senpais were beyond capable
people. And yet she, with all the power of a demi-Servant, could do nothing. A shield existed
to protect, and she protected Ritsu-senpai as best she could. But no matter what, it simply
wasn’t big enough to protect all of them.
Arsene’s image flared in her mind’s eye. It was the persona of her senpai, and his ‘true self’.
The flames of rebellion. The great red wings. The suave demeanor. The burning eyes that
stared right into her soul. Were they enough to protect all those dear to Ren-senpai? Did he
succeed?
She thought back to Ritsu’s efforts on the march back. Witchcraft and rituals with Tamamo.
Plans and strategies with Spartacus. Logistics and movement with Boudica. Would she be
able to be so resourceful? If she learned a bit more, experienced a bit more, held even an
ounce more determination, would she be able to find victory when there was none to be
found?
The questions haunted her as she racked her brain. As a result, like Ritsu, she had dark
shadows under her eyes from fretting and weariness.
Ren smiled wearily. He opened his mouth to reply, closed it as he reconsidered, then
answered quietly, “I’ve been better, Mash,” he told her earnestly. “There’s… a lot we need to
do, and more to do later. I’ll fill you and Ritsu in once we have some time but for now, it
seems Nero requires our presence. Probably for another war meeting so we can decide what
to do next now that we’re all here together again.”
Mash blinked in surprise, then hesitantly nodded. The question of Ren’s inner world, where
he kept his dearest treasures, sat on her tongue, and by force of will she kept it there. This
wasn’t the time. Not now. She would ask in the future, when the situation was less dire. And
she would ask – she wanted to know how she could become as strong and capable as both of
her senpais.

As they all moved together to the town square, Ren noticed that many of the soldiers and
officers were making their way over as well. Now that he thought about it, they could’ve
easily held their war meeting in some conference room, or her bedroom in a pinch. It was
probably a speech to the entire Roman army now that everyone had been gathered once
more.
For a brief moment, Ren saw Shujin’s halls. Streams of black and red filled the halls as
students all shuffled to the gym for an unscheduled assembly to address Shiho’s suicide
attempt… and witness Kamoshida’s change of heart and subsequent confession; something
the principal would never be able to cover up. The Phantom Thieves wouldn’t be born for a
bit longer yet, but what they saw had been a catalyst towards their creation.
The town square sat some distance away from the western walls, and yet it still showed some
damage from the siege: Many of the surrounding buildings sported damage from siege
engines with the pavement featuring scorch marks from the flaming pots. The centerpiece of
the town square, a fountain, had been directly hit, reducing the carefully carved masonry into
nothing more than rubble. Despite the ruin, Nero had chosen to stand on top of it, easily
balancing herself on the pile as she observed everyone filing in.
As the area rapidly filled up despite its large size, the emperor looked up as Chaldea
approached. Catching Ren’s eye, she beamed at him and waved them over. “She wants us up
front, guys,” he announced to the others. Morgana had to stay behind – once they had
reconvened, Tamamo had come face to face with Tamamo Cat and his presence became a
necessity to preserving peace.
The fact that there currently weren’t any explosions given Tamamo’s abilities was a minor
miracle at this point.
Ritsu blinked and sagged slightly. “Ugh, really hope we don’t have to make a speech,” she
grumbled, rubbing her arm nervously as they maneuvered their way through the soldiers.
“I’ve never been the greatest at public speaking.”
“I can understand that, senpai,” Mash agreed. “Roman often told me he would get very
anxious speaking to the staff in Chaldea, and even before that when he had to do
presentations in his classes. I asked if he had any advice for public speaking, since he’s done
it so often.”
“Oh?” Ren inquired, his curiosity piqued. “What’d he say?”
“He said something along the lines of ‘imagine everyone naked’,” Mash answered with a
confused frown, causing Ritsu to splutter. “I fail to see how that would help one with nerves,
however.”
“Uh…” Ritsu stammered as a telltale tremor crept into her voice. “We can help explain that
later – after we’re done here.” Ren had to agree. As amusing as this was, this wasn’t the best
time to explain it, not with everyone gathering for what seemed close to a rather solemn
occasion. Perhaps he could even teach both of them a few of the methods Yoshida taught
him. Still, leave it to the good doctor to have the most cliché and most embarrassing
technique possible.

In front of the monitors, Roman sneezed loudly. Maybe he should take some cold meds. He
had been sneezing quite a bit recently…
As they reached the front of the crowd, Nero beamed down at them happily. As weary as she
was, the gleam in her eyes only showed her gratitude and appreciation. Nearby stood Jing Ke,
who flashed a lazy grin at their arrival and raised her eternally present jug in a toast. Lu Bu
stood there, silent as always. None of them could ever see where he stared off to and they
weren’t about to ask. Mash simply drew ever so slightly close to her senpais, ready to
summon her shield as necessary, but hopefully it wouldn’t prove necessary.
There was a shift of movement as a concerned murmur rose from the crowd, drawing
everyone’s attention. The soldiers parted reluctantly, allowing two more arrivals through: A
red-haired woman clad in white and a gigantic grey-skinned man with a maddened grin.
Despite the latter’s unnerving smile however, neither of them seemed all too happy to be
here. Nero seemed to share a similar sentiment as her elated expression immediately became
far more strained.
As the three stared each other down, the atmosphere became colder and tense. Ren started
warming up his circuits with Cerberus in mind as Mash shuffled to place herself between her
Masters and the others. The soldiers around them all noticed the atmosphere and a few of
them reached for their gladii uncertainly.
“Boudica and Spartacus,” Ritsu whispered to Ren without even an iota of her usual humor.
“They got an enormous chip on their shoulder regarding Nero.” The Phantom Thief’s eyes
widened slightly, then nodded in understanding. Of the people that could’ve summoned,
those two were possibly some of the worst choices. All they could do was brace themselves
for the impact.
After what felt like an interminable amount of time, Boudica nodded stiffly at the emperor.
“Nero,” she greeted coolly.
Nero nodded back in turn. “Boudica,” she acknowledged in a similarly neutral tone.
“Spartacus.”
The rebel gladiator stared up at Nero. “You have done well fighting off the oppressors,” he
said, a tinge of joy in his voice… or was it anger? “I hope you are able to continue to do so,
Nero.”
The emperor gulped. Despite her nervousness, her gaze never faltered from the Berserker’s
intense stare. “That is what I endeavor to do, Spartacus,” she declared. “Of that, I can
promise you.” Satisfied by the answer, the air around him settled down. While it was still
tense, the situation wasn’t about to break out into violence anytime soon at least.
“Seems Nero’s had a lot of issues before we even showed up,” Ren murmured under his
breath.

Ritsu sighed aridly. “You can say that again,” she grumbled. “It’s a miracle they hadn’t
broken out into a fight.”
“Maybe it’s because they’ve a common purpose?” Mash suggested. “The strength of the
enemy is rather considerable. There have been many, many cases in history where infighting
led to the collapse of even far stronger factions. They can’t afford to fight amongst
themselves, no matter their… shared history.”
Before they could continue with their quiet conversation, Nero boomed out, “Romans!
Friends! I greet you all with open arms!” She spread her arms as she smiled down at the
gathering below her. “The campaign has been perilous, and our foes have been many and
cunning! Yet through your strength, your tenacity, your bravery, and your cunning, we are
standing on the precipice of greatness! This is all due to your valiance and will! All of you
are truly the beating heart of Rome!”
The soldiers cheered at the praise from their emperor. Ren glanced over at Boudica and
Spartacus to gauge their reactions. Spartacus’s disturbing expression hadn’t changed
whatsoever, and while Boudica frowned even more deeply at being called ‘the beating heart
of Rome’, she hadn’t reacted besides clench her crossed arms even tighter. Frankly, he was
surprised that Boudica was even here in the first place. Did Nero invite her here or did she
simply show up assuming it was some war council like they did?
“Thanks to all your efforts, we now have but one path: The United Roman Empire capital!”
she roared. “We are no longer recapturing our old territory but taking the fight to them! They
will know we are coming. And I say: Let them know! They shall see the full splendor of the
empire and will face us, for our enemies are also honorable! And just as we have done this
entire campaign, we shall not yield!”
Ritsu breathed out a small sigh in exasperation. While Nero was right in that the URE were
honorable, it would be closer to say that they really had no need for more subversive tactics.
All their Servants had been trying to lose and they had such a huge advantage that frankly,
such tactics would be a waste of time for them anyway. She had a taste of that with Caesar.
The man could’ve easily run circles around them if he wanted to with his speechcraft,
strategic acumen, and manpower.
She wasn’t about to take that victory for granted.
“However, this is also where we must be at our most vigilant!” the emperor cautioned. “We
are all no doubt weary from these battles, and our enemy will be fighting more fiercely than
ever. I will not lie to you, my loyal subjects: This last stretch of the campaign will be our
greatest trial yet! They will not surrender to us just as we will not yield to them! Now is the
time for your bravery and strength to go beyond what mere men can do! And by your valor,
we shall prevail!”
The soldiers cheered louder. Despite Nero admitting that they were going to have a tough
time, they nevertheless rallied, ready to fight. Once more, Ren could see the power of her
words, perhaps even greater than Yoshida’s speechcraft. Despite himself, he couldn’t help but
smile slightly. No wonder why her men were all so loyal, even Asisculus despite his betrayal.

Then he suddenly felt the chill again, wiping the smile from his face before he mastered his
expression. It was ever so faint, but the being that lurked in Nero was staring at him once
more. No matter how faint, there was no easy way for him to ignore it now.
“That being said, throughout our campaign, we have had the support of steadfast allies!”
Nero declared. “Like emissaries of the gods they have come, and they have delivered us
countless victories in the north, south, and on the seas! Without them, for all our strength, we
might have only tasted bitter defeat! Thus, though an auxiliary legion they may be, I shall
grant them all the rights and privileges of a full Roman legion! Centurion Ren Amamiya,
auxiliary Ritsuka Fujimaru, auxiliary Morgana, step forward!”
The sudden call to attention caught the Masters by surprise. Ren glanced about warily as he
felt countless pairs of eyes rest on him as Ritsu shuddered beside him. “Way to put us on the
spot,” Ritsu grumbled as she shrank from all the attention. Still, they stepped forward to full
view under Nero.
Nero beamed, then frowned as she looked about. “Where is Morgana?” she asked.
“He’s taking care of some manpower issues at the moment,” Ren replied. Last thing the
Romans needed to know was infighting in their own ranks. Whatever was going on with
Tamamo and Tamamo Cat, he knew Morgana most likely would be able to resolve them.
Probably. And if things went truly sour, Archer and Rider were both nearby to assist him as
necessary. All in all, he wasn’t too worried.
Nero frowned in minor consternation but accepted it with a nod regardless. “If that is the case
then it cannot be helped,” she said simply before drawing herself up. “Ren Amamiya. Ritsuka
Fujimaru. You and Chaldea have been stalwart allies of the Roman Empire and to me. There
is no doubt that without your contributions and your efforts, we would have fallen long ago.
What you have done for the empire cannot be understated.”
Ren bowed his head in humble acknowledgement, a motion that Ritsu hurried copied after
taking a quick glance at him. It was funny how things worked out – last year, the only
thoughts he had about the Roman Empire were when he had to study them for class. He
certainly never imagined himself saving it in any aspect. The prospect felt even more
fantastical than stealing hearts and the Metaverse.

He thought back to the flabbergasted reactions of Roman and Da Vinci when he told them
about the Metaverse and chuckled to himself. Their worlds were rather outlandish to each
other, it seemed.

“Though auxiliaries you may be,” Nero continued, seizing Ren’s attention once more. “Your
heart and soul beats for the empire and for me! I cannot allow such loyalty and efforts to go
unrewarded!”

The emperor’s eyes gleamed merrily as she beamed. “Ritsuka Fujimaru,” she boomed. “You
have established communications with my noble predecessor Julius Caesar, found out his
strengths and weaknesses, and brought forth victory from the jaws of defeat! Therefore, I
name you Tribunis Laticlavius!” The announcement was met with a surprised murmur from
the entire crowd before giving away to cheering.
Ritsu on the other hand blinked and looked around her with surprise. She bowed in thanks to
Nero. “I will work to the best of my abilities,” she solemnly swore before stepping back. Ren
took a quick glance and as he expected, the girl was utterly confused, even as Mash was
grinning brightly at her and congratulating her. He had a feeling it was a rather high rank,
though he wasn’t sure precisely how high it was.
Nero smiled, satisfied with the reception. “Now, though Morgana cannot be here at this time,
let it be known he has cleared the sea path for our forces!” she declared. “Together with our
men, he has removed the dagger aimed at the heart of the empire and secured a clear path for
reinforcements and supplies! Further, he has also provided additional forces that will greatly
bolster our strength! His contributions cannot be understated!”
“Therefore, for his achievements, Morgana shall be named Praefectus castorum in absentia!”
the emperor roared. The response was an even louder cheer than the one for Ritsu. The shock
of the announcements was most likely wearing off at this point, though the attention was
discomforting. These definitely sounded like high positions to be promoted to, though he
would have to check exactly what they were with either Joan or Roman.
“And finally, Ren Amamiya!” she cried, her words silencing the crowd. Ren could feel
hundreds of pairs of eyes staring at him and gulped. His mind briefly flashed back once more
to the horde of police outside Sae’s Palace before shoving the memory away once more. This
was a different scenario. He needed to focus on that rather than dwelling on the past.
Instead, he looked up to see the emperor beaming happily at him. “Ren Amamiya,” she
stated. “There is no doubt your contributions to the empire have been beyond outstanding.
Your leadership skills, your boundless initiative, your versatility, your bravery – no matter the
aspect or battlefield, you have proven yourself beyond exemplary. You are without a doubt
indispensable to this campaign, and that shall be recognized.”
Nero’s grin widened as she held out a hand. “By my decree, I declare the formation of the
Chaldean Auxiliary Legion!” she declared. “This legion shall answer only to the emperor!
And Ren Amamiya, I hereby name you Legatus legionis of the legion! Bear the name and
rank with pride! For Rome!”
“FOR ROME!” the entire crowd roared as they cheered raucously at the announcement.
Ren gulped and bowed to Nero. Unlike the others, he didn’t even need to ask what that title
meant. After all, he had heard it countless before: Legate. At least it sounded like he was
‘commander’ of just the Chaldea legion. He had absolutely no desire to command the regular
Roman legions and despite the cheers, he had a feeling they wouldn’t listen to him seriously
anyway. He could only sigh inwardly to himself.
Today was going to be a long day.

From high on the rooftops, Loki simply observed casually. Festivities and ranks never cease
to be both annoying and amusing. They had been curious about the rush of soldiers streaming
towards the town square and decided to follow them, hoping for a small laugh or at least
something to satiate their curiosity. There were still some soldiers at their stations – they
couldn’t leave the city completely undefended after all.
It was certainly a surprise to hear their Masters had gotten promotions and they were even
made a ‘legion’. They almost laughed themselves sick after hearing all of that. It was nothing
more than lip service from the emperor – or at the least, just a whim of hers in rewarding
them. They wouldn’t be able to properly command soldiers, at least not without a good
amount of resistance both direct and subtle. And not to mention, any civilian government or
especially traditionalists wouldn’t ever allow it.
And besides, what good is an office from a timeline that wasn’t even supposed to exist? The
whole affair was so absurd it was honestly hilarious. Fitting for an emperor who was known
for her whimsy and madness in history. What a farce. Well, perhaps there were some benefits
they could exploit with these new titles and powers, either theoretical or practical. Maybe
they could convince their Masters to spring for some better armor, perhaps with some
decorative edging…
A small breeze brought them out of their thoughts. With a sigh, they reclined in their seat.
“Just so you know, I’m not up to anything,” they drawled without bothering to turn. “I merely
wanted to see what the fuss was about. I do hope it’s not frustrating to both of you that you’re
not getting the same honors as our Masters. Though then again, knowing the two of you, you
probably don’t care that much about such things anyway.”
Archer glared down at the trickster god as he stood beside them, Kanshou and Byakuya in his
grip as the chains from Medusa’s spikes clanked ominously. “Our Masters have been looking
for you,” he growled. “Do you want to explain yourself?”
Loki scoffed. “What’s there to explain?” they asked with a shrug. “They’re pissed off at me
for winning them the battle in a way they didn’t like. Really, you think they’d show a bit
more gratitude, but I suppose that’s all I can settle for.”
“Enough,” Rider spoke up, an edge creeping into her voice. “Once this is over, our Masters
need to speak with you. Your abilities are far too dangerous to leave unchecked, and they will
decide on how to handle you.”
“Of course, if you prefer to have your judgement delivered a bit early by us, then that’s fine
by me,” Archer added, his calm tone not reflecting the tight grip he had on his swords. “But
for now, it would be best if you behaved.”
Loki glared up at either side of them before raising their hands in both exasperation and
surrender. “Ah, I always did think you two were too serious for your own good,” they sighed.
“But I’ll play along.” In truth, Ren, Ritsu, or Morgana could’ve simply used a command seal
to drag them out into the open, but they didn’t. At least they could show some courtesy and
show up themselves.

There’s a lot of questions that need answering, after all.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or lore, join the Discord! You'll get more than
you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/DfPCywqshZ

Chapter 86: Decision
Chapter Summary

A trickster god can't weasel from their consequences forever.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The atmosphere in Chaldea was quiet. Robots whirred by in the hallways as people attended
to their own tasks or wishes once more. Exhaustion had been a frequent companion of late as
the staff had to monitor the ground team’s progress as well as continuing with repairs and
maintenance throughout the facility, made worse by the constant battles the ground team had
been undergoing. Any periods of respite were greatly welcomed, but none of them had any
illusions it would be anything but brief.
After all, with such a motley collection of Masters and Servants, that was only to be
expected.
Shuffling through the hallways, Roman yawned as he flipped through the papers on his
clipboard, blinking his eyes blearily. It had been a very long evening. Even after he was
kicked off his workstation after the siege of Massilia had ended, he still had other work to do
as he drafted up plans and reports in the director’s office (technically it was his office now
but he never felt comfortable calling it that). It was also clear that caffeine simply wasn’t
enough – there was only so much chemical stimulation could do to keep someone awake
without risking serious health issues.
Wiping sleep from his eyes, he focused on the report he had written down. The whole
situation had been a lot messier than all of them had been expecting, and there was all one
very large reason for it: Loki. Ren had reported that they would deal with the Avenger, but he
requested the presence of certain people to assist him in handling the matter. Da Vinci and
him were to be expected, but the last person wasn’t all too surprising either. He just needed to
find her was all.
He sighed to himself. The PA system was one of the systems that had been heavily damaged
by the bombing and given Chaldea’s other methods of intranet communication as well as the
smaller number of staff, its priority for repairs was incredibly low. Roman mentally noted to
bump up the priority a bit when he next had the opportunity. Searching for people like this
would quickly get annoying, after all.
The cafeteria was the first stop. If she wasn’t there, then perhaps the library or the simulation
room. Stepping in, he glanced around – and to his pleasant surprise, quickly found who he

was searching for. Navigating through rows of tables, he eventually came to a stop next to
Artoria and Jeanne, both of whom were focused on a game of chess.
“I didn’t expect you guys to be playing here,” he commented quietly to not unduly disturb
them. “Thought you’d be playing in the library.”
“We had considered that,” Artoria answered without looking up from the board. “However, it
seems we are both more accustomed to more… socially open environments than somewhere
so quiet and secluded. Especially if there is need for our attention.” So saying, she picked up
a rook and moved it to capture a pawn, pinning Jeanne’s knight unless she wished to lose her
queen.
Jeanne bit her lip in consternation as she considered her move before smiling up at the doctor.
“It seems we’re more accustomed to more open environments like this,” she agreed. “It feels
like being back among our comrades back in camps.” With that, she looked back down,
hesitantly picked up her queen to move it out of the way – and huffed in frustration as her
vulnerable knight was taken by the king’s rook in turn.
The doctor nodded in understanding. “Unfortunately, I don’t really want to interrupt your
game,” Roman interjected. “But, uh, Ren’s calling for you, Artoria. It’s a serious issue.”
The Saber’s eyes narrowed. “I see,” she mused. She turned to Jeanne who had been watching
them curiously. “Forgive me, Jeanne,” she apologized. “But we shall have to continue some
other time.”
Jeanne blinked and shook her head. “No, not at all!” she quickly reassured her with a smile.
“Duty calls, after all. It was an enjoyable time, however – we shall have to play again
sometime! Though perhaps after I’ve studied the game a bit more.”
Artoria smiled and nodded. “I look forward to it,” she replied as she stood up. They left the
cafeteria as Jeanne started packing up the pieces and the board, walking down the silent
hallways together.
“I didn’t know you played chess,” Roman eventually commented to break the silence.
“It is a reasonable past time,” she replied. “There were other games during my reign, but
chess had not been one of them. It is a good way to keep one’s mind sharp. But I don’t
believe that is relevant to the situation on hand, doctor.” The Saber glanced over at Roman,
her eyes sharp. “What is happening with the expeditionary force?”
Roman blinked, then handed over his clipboard with a serious expression, with the report
front and center. “Loki did something in the last battle,” he explained as Artoria scanned it.
“According to Ren, whatever they did killed off Waver Velvet and completely destabilized
Alexander as well as his army. He didn’t explain what it was, but he promised he would
explain it once he had Loki in custody.”
“Which I presume he already has and wishes for my judgement,” the Saber concluded with a
frown. At this point, she presumed if Ren was keeping things a secret, it was for good reason.
Much of the knowledge he had shared with them would be devastating if it became publicly

known. And considering it dealt with Loki, who was apparently a pseudo-Servant utilizing
the body of Ren’s… associate, for lack of a better word, then she could surmise the matter
was even further complicated.
She flipped through the clipboard to see if there was more to the report – and blinked with
surprise at the documents she saw: Psychological profiles of Ren, Ritsuka, Morgana, and
Mash, filled to the brim with notes, observations, and musings. “And what is all this?” she
asked in surprise.
Roman glanced over in question and squawked in horror. “Oh crap, I mixed up my work!” he
lamented before shooting the papers a rueful look. “Er, it’s no big deal. It’s just… I was
thinking of having some therapy sessions once they come back. With everything they’ve
reported and with what we’ve seen so far, it probably couldn’t hurt. It’s a good way to track
their state, their progress and… well, bluntly speaking, to make sure they’re alright. It’s
probably only going to get harder as time goes on.”
Artoria stared hard at Roman before sighing. “A wise decision,” she agreed, taking one last
glance at the documents before handing the clipboard back to Roman. “It would not do if
something were to adversely affect our Masters or young Mash mentally at such a crucial
juncture. However, I must ask if this task isn’t too harrowing for you? I believe you are under
no small amount of burden as is.”
As she asked, she observed the doctor. The man was pale, with bloodshot eyes with heavy
bags under them. And with his heavily drooping eyelids, she wouldn’t be surprised if he fell
asleep then and there. While she had been told that Romani was lazy and a slacker, she found
sparse evidence that indicated such traits. Rather, the man always seemed buried in work and
had to squirrel in what little rest and relaxation he could.
Roman chuckled ruefully. “A bit,” he admitted. “But it’s still part of my job description –
well, original job, anyway. It’ll be fine. I’ll be sure to pace myself and give them the best
sessions possible. Hopefully it’ll help them out.”
“I’m sure it will,” Artoria replied solemnly. For a brief moment, she wondered how her rule
would have gone if she had a similar doctor – or rather, psychiatrist – to help with her
knights. She could only sigh to herself as she rid herself of those thoughts. It was pointless to
dwell on them. She did what she could with the resources and knowledge she had on hand,
no more, and certainly no less. The situation was no different here.
“What about the other staff?” Artoria asked out of curiosity as they rounded a corner. “Are
you able to offer similar services?”
The doctor paused, his face growing even paler as he considered the increased workload. “Er,
well, I would see what I can do about it,” he mumbled. “The Masters and Mash will have
priority as they’re the field team, but the others can set up sessions on request. Just… have to
see when I can work them in…” He trailed off as he contemplated how to deal with other
consultations. He couldn’t show favoritism by limiting it only to the four, but working as a
therapist on top of his duties as acting director and a doctor was asking a lot.

Once more, the bombing revealed yet more staffing issues. He was the only trained medical
professional that had survived the bombing, and it was both coincidence and luck that he had
also trained to handle mental health as well. Before, Chaldea had hired and trained a great
number of medical personnel to handle all sorts of injuries and maladies – considering the
nature of their work, their healthcare was almost borderline at the level of a hospital. While
even then, priority would be given to the ground teams, medication or medical visits were
easily accessible to any of the staff.
But now, it was just him. Even with the reduced staffing, keeping up with everyone’s needs
and the demands of being the acting director was harrowing, to put it mildly. Mash had
shown some interest in medical training but even then, there would only be enough time to
train her to be a field medic.
“Your burdens are many, doctor,” the Saber noted gravely. “We shall do our utmost to make
sure this mission is a success, though I apologize we cannot do more.”
Roman blinked in surprise and shook his head fervently. “Oh, not at all!” he quickly replied.
“You guys are doing plenty when and where you can already! Honestly, I feel bad asking you
guys to do any more.” Marie manning the console at times had been a surprising reprieve that
allowed him to get more rest than he expected (albeit still not enough) and Artoria
researching battle plans and observing the environment with other Servants such as Jeanne
and Siegfried had been a major relief off his mind. Not to mention, Martha had been holding
regular kickboxing lessons for self-defense, both as exercise and stress relief.
Frankly, summoning so many Servants was breaking no small number of protocols, with the
following paperwork and inquiry already giving him a massive headache just thinking about
it. But already, they were all indispensable, both for the mission of the Grand Order and for
the facility to function properly. So long as they didn’t exploit them or treat them poorly, they
should be fine.
That being said, he did have to speak to the more conservative magi staff about the matter as
well as about Ren and Morgana. Those had been difficult discussions, to put it mildly. At
least they were behaving for now.
As they stepped back into the command center, they found Da Vinci there as well, staring at
the monitors of Roman’s workstation. She looked up as they approached. “Glad you could
make it on such short notice, Da Vinci,” Roman greeted her with a tired grin.
“A true genius always makes time for affairs that are important,” the Uomo Universale
proclaimed with a smirk. However, it faded as she took a closer look at the doctor. “Have you
been properly resting, Romani?” she asked. “I would ask if you have been spending too much
time on your beloved streamer, but I have barely even seen a hint of her these days. How far
have you been pushing yourself?”
The doctor blinked, then smiled wearily once more. “There’s a lot to do,” he admitted. “I
can’t even watch my beloved Magi☆Mari much these days. Ah, I miss her, but I can’t
exactly put off work, right? I’m sure she more than understands.”

As he chuckled halfheartedly at the joke, Da Vinci and Artoria shared a worried glance. “Be
that as it may, Romani, once we are done here, you must rest,” the former insisted. “I will
make do for your duties as necessary, but you will get some proper sleep and nutrition. If you
make it necessary, I will ensure both measures personally.”
“Do it anyway,” came a shout from one of the staff in the command center. “I’m sure the
doctor would love that!”
The doctor could only splutter as the others all laughed at the sheer audacity of the comment.
Despite the seriousness of the situation, even Da Vinci and Artoria both smiled in
amusement. “I will be sure to spoil you all you like after this, Romani,” the inventor purred to
even louder laughter and Roman’s incredulous expression. “But perhaps we should focus on
the matter at hand.”
Roman could only look around him in shock before giving a resigned sigh. It really wasn’t
his day.
---------After the gathering, everyone had gotten back to work. While the occasion would’ve been
marked with a celebration and a feast if Nero had her way, there simply wasn’t enough time
or supplies to do so. Instead, everyone would get extra rations and an extra rest period. It
wasn’t much, but it was enough to get the exhausted soldiers cheering the emperor’s name.
Motivated thus, the soldiers and officers returned to their duties, saluting and congratulating
the Masters as they passed by. No one questioned them as they walked off to another part of
the city, now having more than full confidence in their allies.
And so, no one kept track of them as they gathered in a secluded building well away from the
Roman army. A two-story house, it was rather similar to the one Ren had stayed in as his
quarters for a time: Fully furnished yet left deserted as their occupants had fled. The upstairs
floor had two beds and a table in the middle, most likely for dining or whatever work they
had.
At the table was its sole occupant: Loki. Positioned around them was Archer, who
occasionally glanced out the window, Medusa standing silently behind them and Tamamo as
she checked on the talismans that lined the room to prevent interference from within and
without. Meanwhile, Ren had placed his communicator on the table and had set it to
hologram mode. Morgana stood on the table as he watched his friend work while Ritsu stood
off to the side, grim yet confused as to what was going on. Mash once more stood near her,
making sure she was between Ritsu and Loki.
“Well, I must admit, I don’t have much of a fondness for parties,” Loki drawled as they
leaned back in their chair with a smirk. “My… former companions always made them far too
loud for my liking. But this is positively dour even for me, especially when I’m the guest of
honor. Can’t you spare even a bit of consideration here?”
“Be silent, Avenger,” Tamamo growled as she shot a glare at Loki, her tail waving in an
irritated manner. “You are well aware of what you are here for. At least you did not make our

Masters waste a command seal to summon you by force, but do not make this any more
difficult for yourself.”
Loki scoffed. “Like they would,” they waved off. “They’re not the type to force someone to
do anything – especially with something as absolute as a command seal.” They smirked over
at Ren. “Isn’t that right, Master? Did you even tell them why everyone’s here in the first
place? How lovely that you can have everyone immediately obey your bidding without
questioning it.”
Ren sighed, letting the Avenger’s barbs pass him by. “Yeah, I’d rather I didn’t have to use it,”
he muttered. “But that doesn’t change the fact that this needs to be dealt with. And I gathered
everyone here so they can all hear it at once and have the full context of what’s going on.” As
he spoke, he turned on the communicator to a bunch of static. Soon, however, the picture
cleared up, showing Artoria sitting front and center. Flanking her on either side were Roman
and Da Vinci. “Thanks for showing up on such short notice, guys,” Ren said with a smile.
Artoria nodded. “It is to be expected of us,” she replied readily. “But if you are turning to me
for council about Loki, then the situation must be dire.”
“That’s one way to put it,” Ren grumbled. He looked over at Loki. “Don’t suppose you want
to tell the whole story?” he asked the trickster god with an exasperated tone.
“I made sure we won,” Loki replied simply with a shrug. “Nice, clean, and simple.”
“Yeah, if that was the case, we wouldn’t be here in the first place,” Ritsu growled. “Since
Loki prefers getting punched in the face again than actually saying anything, Ren, mind
telling us what they did?”
Ren for a moment said nothing, staring down Loki as the Avenger simply stared back, their
expression betraying surprisingly nothing: No scorn, amusement, curiosity, or fear. The ball
was solely in Ren’s court. With a sigh, the Phantom Thief straightened up and looked around
the room. “Do you guys remember what I told you about mental shutdowns and psychotic
breakdowns?” he asked.
While Medusa made no movement, Archer, Tamamo, and Artoria’s eyes narrowed while
Roman’s, Da Vinci’s, Mash’s, and Ritsu’s eyes widened. “Wait,” Ritsu stammered. “You
don’t mean-“
“I do,” Ren answered grimly. With that, he launched into his account of his scuffle with
Alexander, particularly as the Rider described what happened to Waver. “From my
experience, those are all signs of a shadow being tampered with,” he explained. “The fact that
Waver still had functionality and turned against Alexander like that meant that it was most
likely a psychotic breakdown as opposed to a mental shutdown. And before you guys ask,
neither me nor Morgana have the capability to drive shadows berserk like that. No, that
capability only belonged to one person.”
He turned to Loki who stared up at him impassively. “Goro Akechi,” Ren finished.

Artoria frowned as she turned her gaze towards Loki, her eyes sharpening. “Avenger, answer
us clearly,” she said. “Did you induce a psychotic breakdown on Waver Velvet?”
Loki scoffed as they reclined in their seat and rolled their eyes. “Really, I fail to see what the
issue is about the matter when it secured us the victory,” they drawled. “After all, the
situation was impossible, with both Alexander and Waver opposing us with all their resources
at their disposal. I’m surprised we haven’t moved on from that, especially after our esteemed
Masters have been promoted for this and their other victories.”
“Answer the question, Loki,” Archer growled, turning briefly to glare at the trickster god
before turning back to keep watch.
“And I recall telling you that you need to lighten up,” the trickster god huffed. “It’s quite easy
to exploit a person who is this temperamental and wound up. I should know quite well – I’ve
done so quite often. But I expect you all know that.”
“Oh for-!” Ritsu bit back a curse as she raised her arm, her command seals beginning to glow
to the shock of Ren, Morgana, and Mash. “Last chance, Loki,” she snarled. “Answer the
question: Did you induce a psychotic breakdown on Waver. Yes or no?”
With an exasperated sigh, Loki shot a glare at Ritsu, looking very unimpressed with her
threat. “Do you really actually need me to spell it out for all of you?” they snapped. “If
you’re here asking, then you already know the answer. Why are you wasting time with such
pointless matters then?”
“Because we want to know for sure, Loki,” Ren finally spoke up. His expression was
completely unreadable - no signs of anger, sadness, denial, grief, or any emotion. While his
face was visible, he might as well have been wearing a mask. “While we have Alexander’s
word of mouth as well as the accounts of the URE officers, we want confirmation whether it
was you or not. I don’t want to force it out of you. Please just tell us, Loki, what exactly you
did.”
Despite his calmness, Ren was doing everything he could to suppress his panic. Every time
he blinked, he was back in the interrogation room. His Servants were replaced by the cruel
SIU agents who thought nothing more of treating a human life as expendable so long as they
got what they needed. And where Loki sat, he could still see himself – handcuffed, bruised
and battered, barely able to think straight with the bout of truth serum or whatever chemical
cocktail they injected into his veins.
Then he blinked again, and he was back in the house. Loki was sitting there, hale and whole,
and even looked dismissive about the whole ordeal. The Servants around him were keeping
their focus on the Avenger and not on him. And with him was Morgana, standing at the table
with his paws crossed, and right behind him were both Ritsu and Mash, all of whom would
have his back at any second.
As he homed in on those thoughts, he steadied himself. What happened before wasn’t
relevant right now. What needed to be dealt with was Loki. He needed to focus.

Loki stared at Ren, their expression matching his. After a brief standoff, they sighed and
raised their hands in resignation. “Fine, you win,” they drawled. “Yes, I did induce a
psychotic breakdown on their strategist, Waver Velvet. And I also poisoned a number of their
officers by mixing belladonna berries into their food. Their ends weren’t quick or easy –
enough to demoralize the other officers that I didn’t get to. All in all, I say it went pretty well
– they ended up acting like absolute idiots and lost a battle they should’ve won. Done and
dusted, I say.”
“I believe we have greatly different definitions of ‘done and dusted’,” Archer interjected as
his steel-grey eyes focused on Loki. “Even a quick glance shows no small amount of
collateral damage to the city and to the Roman forces. Much of the supplies have been used
or destroyed, and because they threw everything at us, we weren’t even able to salvage
anything worthwhile from the URE forces.”
“Not even decent officers,” Morgana snapped. “They’re terrified of us now, and especially of
you! They’d sooner choose execution than fight with us!”
“All the better,” Loki casually stated, looking at their nails. “You can’t trust a traitor, not
easily. They betray you once, they’ll betray you again. You just need to know what buttons to
hit for them.”
The atmosphere in the room suddenly got even tenser as everyone glared even more harshly
at the seemingly uncaring trickster god. It was clear that that statement hit a sensitive spot for
the Servants present. Even Morgana bristled at it, made even worse that Loki was speaking
with a female Goro Akechi’s body. Ren remained impassive as he did before as Ritsu and
Mash both observed the situation, the former coolly and the latter with increasing alarm.
“Enough,” Artoria boomed. “We are getting distracted. We shall address your attitude later,
Loki. For now, there are other matters at hand.”
And just like that, the atmosphere cooled off slightly, though even at a glance, it was clear
Archer, Medusa, and Tamamo were irritated. “Now, if I have read these reports and surveyed
the situation correctly,” the Saber summarized. “This siege was a dire situation. While I know
of Waver Velvet, any knowledge I have is irrelevant at this point. It seems, if he is a pseudoServant, he was bonded with a rather adept strategist. Thus, as repugnant as it may seem,
there is no denying that you are the one who secured the victory. That cannot be mistaken.”
Ren glanced over at Artoria but didn’t comment. Loki in turn smirked in self-satisfaction.
Even with how irritated everyone was, none of them argued that point. It was true – if Loki
hadn’t done what they did, then they all would’ve lost completely and utterly. Thus, as ugly
and brutal as it was, they did owe Loki for this victory at the very least. And judging from
that smirk, Loki knew it.
“However,” the king continued, once more seizing everyone’s attention. “There are certain
points that need to be addressed. First off, you drove Waver into a psychotic breakdown and
had him attack Alexander, correct? If that is the case, why was Alexander not killed? Even if
Waver had failed in his madness, you could’ve easily stepped in and eliminated him when he
was weary and emotionally compromised.”

That caused everyone to look at Loki. The Avenger sighed in exasperation. “Okay, fine, I’ll
admit, I got sloppy there,” they drawled. “I should’ve checked if he managed to actually kill
Alexander then and there. It was my fault for not following it up properly. We all make
mistakes, right?”
The Phantom Thief frowned. “That’s not all it is, is there?” he asked quietly before anyone
could retort, his eyes boring into Loki as the latter froze. “What’s the real reason you didn’t
finish off Alexander, Loki?”
Loki didn’t say anything, their expression once more impassive. Then they heaved a long
sigh. “They believed it was alright to attack you directly, Master,” they murmured. “The plot
to assassinate you may have come from those Roman officers, but it was Alexander and
Waver who put the thought in their minds. Do you believe I could let them get away with a
quick and easy fate? No. I thought some suffering on their part would be considerable
recompense on their part.”
That drew a shocked silence from everyone – though in the case of the Servants, it was also
tinged with exasperation. Ren wasn’t sure what to make of it. Loki had done what they did as
a form of… revenge? On his behalf? This wasn’t the first time someone stepped up and
fought on his behalf, but to take revenge and in such a heinous manner? Frankly, he would
have preferred it if it hadn’t happened at all.
“And what of the officers?” Archer added as he glanced over once more. “Jing Ke was
prevented from dealing with them because of Waver’s defenses. If he was killed by
Alexander, it would’ve been a simple matter to join up with her and clean up. As capable as
the boy conqueror was, even he would not be able to effectively command almost twenty
thousand mindless automatons by himself.”
The trickster god opened their mouth, closed it, then sighed. “Okay, that one honestly slipped
my mind,” they bluntly admitted. “I was busy with everything else and admiring my good
work afterward – can you honestly blame me for losing track?”
“Wha- yes! Yes, we can!” Roman spluttered as he came closer to the monitor while Artoria
leaned away from him with a raised eyebrow. “You don’t just-just ‘forget’ something so
important or have it ‘slip your mind’! The Roman forces and Ren nearly got into a hell of a
lot of trouble because of it! We could’ve easily lost horribly with all the loose ends you’ve
left! What the hell were you thinking, Loki?!”
“Fine, fine, that one I apologize for,” Loki replied, holding their hands up in surrender. “I’ll
be careful not to be so sloppy about that in the future. And plus, I was the one who ultimately
dealt with Alexander and helped in dealing with the officers on my end during the battle, so I
at least tried to clean up after myself. So, now that that’s done, can we consider the matter
squared away?”
“We cannot,” Artoria sternly replied, shutting down the Avenger’s weaseling as Roman
backed off to allow her full focus. “Your actions may have resolved the siege in our favor, but
it is at best a pyrrhic victory. The casualties and collateral damage have been outstanding,
and we have achieved only the minimum in terms of long-term objectives. All of this could’ve
easily been prevented if you had spared an iota of thought for what you have done. Your

methods may have been unsavory by themselves but coupled with the sheer sloppiness of your
acts and they become utterly reprehensible.”
“Not to mention, this ability you have is far too dangerous,” Tamamo spoke up, glaring at the
Avenger. “A skill that allows you to drive a target to madness that you can use at any time,
without repercussions to you and yours, letting you sow discord how and when you see fit?
You did not tell us you had this ability, not until now, and you expect us to trust you with it?”
“Oh please, you all have abilities just as dangerous as what I can do, if not more so,” Loki
growled back as they shot an irritated glare at the Caster. “If that’s the case, I could frankly
ask you all the same question. But if it puts your paranoid minds at ease, there’s drawbacks.
First off, I need to be close to the target in question – close enough where they can easily
skewer me if they’re aware of my position. And second, frankly, I don’t like to use it. This
was most likely a one-time act. I don’t plan on using it again anytime soon.”
“And why not?” Archer asked, frowning. “Why should we believe you won’t use it again?”
Loki sighed dramatically. “Because it’s boring!” they cried, startling everyone. “Driving
someone to madness with a snap of one’s fingers? Where’s the effort, the art, the panache?
It’s like rushing straight for the climax after skipping the beginning and the buildup! It’s
asinine! It’s only because of circumstances that I decided to use it. Frankly, if I never have to
use it again, it would be too soon!”
The trickster god’s whining drew exasperated, tired sighs from everyone in the room – except
for Ren, who simply stared at the Avenger. He didn’t doubt what Loki said was the truth, but
that was just it. They told them A truth. He had a feeling there were other reasons why Loki
didn’t want to use Call of Chaos more often, even though it was obvious they had all the tools
needed to utilize it how they wished.
Their eyes met, and Loki’s gaze narrowed before turning away. That was clear enough of a
signal: They weren’t about to tell, and frankly Ren didn’t want to rip the knowledge out of
them if they didn’t want to. So long as they didn’t use it again, or at least, not without heavy
discussion.
“Regardless, it is clear that bluntly speaking, we do not trust you, Loki,” Artoria spoke once
more. “And as it stands, you are currently a liability. I am of the opinion that you are to be
sent back to Chaldea as soon as possible and another Servant sent in your place. We shall
decide what must be done with you once the singularity is resolved.”
“Agreed,” Archer grunted. “Even the dog would be far more reliable than Avenger.”
“As do I,” Tamamo added in.
Medusa said nothing, but the fact she said nothing against her fellow Servants announced her
own stance quite clearly.
Morgana turned to Ren. “What do you think of all this, Joker?” he asked. “Personally, I’m
with them – with everything they’ve done and can do, who knows that they’ll do next? It’s
simply way too risky.”

Ren frowned, pondering their arguments, then turned to Ritsu and Mash. “What about you
guys?” he asked quietly.
Ritsu scowled, glaring at Loki. “What Loki needs right now is another sock in the goddamn
face,” she snarled before taking a deep breath to calm herself. “But honestly… I don’t think
they should be sent back. At least, not right now.”
That caught everyone by surprise. “And why do you believe that, ragazza?” asked Da Vinci
as she leaned into the frame, eyeing Ritsu curiously.
The redheaded Master winced slightly as everyone turned their attention to her before
regaining her composure. “Loki’s abilities are frankly strange even by Servant standards,”
she explained. “They can utilize many of the same tools both Ren and Morgana have, and in
an effective manner. Even Jing Ke couldn’t infiltrate Waver’s defenses while Loki easily
slipped in. We’re about to lay siege to the URE capital. Frankly, an infiltrator of Loki’s
caliber may be what’s needed to clinch the win.”
She shot another glare at Loki. “Honestly, they’re a complete pain in the ass,” she concluded.
“However, it’s clear they’ve only worked for our benefit. I think at the very least, we can trust
that.”
Loki said nothing but merely stared at Ritsu with yet another unreadable expression on their
face. Was it surprise? Awe? Pity? Ren frankly couldn’t figure it out. In the meantime, he
glanced at Mash. “And Mash?” he asked. “What about you?”
The shielder blinked in surprise, then frowned slightly in thought. Instead of directly
answering him, she slowly walked toward Loki, her purple eyes steadily meeting their now
curious auburn ones. “Is what you said correct?” she asked the Avenger. “Did you do this for
Chaldea’s best interests? Was it because it would help us win? Or…” She hesitated for a
second, then she finished.
“Or was it… because you failed to protect Ren-senpai?”
She was immediately answered with an intense glare from Loki, their eyes glittering red with
rage: the only greatest sign of expression from the trickster god since they brought them into
the house. The shielder started in surprise as Ren immediately moved between her and the
Avenger, his arm thrown out protectively, Archer summoned his dual swords, Tamamo
prepared her talismans, and Medusa was instantly right behind them, her spikes at their neck.
For a moment, nobody moved or even dared to breathe. Then finally, Loki chuckled,
relaxing. “You are certainly filled with peculiar thoughts, Mash Kyrielight,” Loki replied,
their eyes settling back to their auburn coloration as they settled back into their chair. “Your
social conduct needs a touch of work though – presumptuous statements like that could get
one killed depending on circumstances. With that being said, I must say you are quite
commendable. Bravo to you.” They smirked at the shielder, seemingly disregarding they had
been only an inch away from getting killed on the spot for their anger.
The Phantom Thief glanced back at Mash. “Are you alright?” he asked concernedly.

Mash blinked in surprise, then nodded. “I’m alright, Ren-senpai, thank you,” she replied.
“And… I don’t think we should send Loki back either, senpai.”
Ren blinked. “And why’s that?” he asked, mirroring the surprise of everyone else.
The shielder hesitated. “I... I think Loki deserves another chance,” she replied. “They were
doing what they could, and they can make up for any mistakes they may have made.” Loki
scoffed loudly in the back, causing Mash to wince slightly. “But if we send them back, then
they won’t be able to make up for it and can only ruminate. I don’t think that will be very
productive for them, senpai.”
Considering, Ren turned back to the others. They were all looking at him to make the final
call. After all, he had been the one to bring Loki into the singularity. It was his word. And it
would be his word that would decide what would happen to Loki here. He weighed out the
words of his Servants and his peers, quietly considering. Then finally, he spoke.
“Loki screwed up,” Ren said calmly. “They went rampant and left way too many holes that
can be excused. Honestly, the whole battle could have been avoided if they had been
thorough with their work.”
Loki rolled his eyes, but Ren wasn’t finished. “However, it wasn’t just Loki’s fault,” he
continued. “I should’ve kept a closer eye on them and their capabilities. Their skills and
abilities are supposed to be known to me, and I still let them get away with as much as they
did. This is as much my responsibility as it is theirs.”
“I agree with both Ritsu and Mash, however,” he noted, nodding at the two of them. “Their
capabilities are too useful to pass up with a siege coming up on our end as the attackers, and
Loki deserves a chance to make up for their mistakes. Because of that, Loki will remain on
the ground team here. However, there will be conditions.”
He held up two fingers. “The first is that Loki will not enter the Metaverse under any
circumstance without my, Morgana’s, or Ritsuka’s permission,” he declared. “If they try to do
so, either me or Morgana will know about it. If they do have to enter the Metaverse, they will
notify us for how long, what they’re doing, and where they will reappear. That way, we can
coordinate and work with them as necessary and so we’re not all caught by surprise.”
“The second is that Loki remains in sight of us at all times,” he continued. “Or at absolute
minimum at a range where we can mentally contact you and can see you within seconds of
being told your location. Roman, Da Vinci, can you guys set a specific tracker on Loki?”
“Already done, ragazzo,” Da Vinci chirped. “I had a feeling this was going to happen after
this fiasco, so I quickly whipped up a tracker. Now Chaldea will be able to track their
movements no matter what. And if they happen to vanish-“
“It means they dipped into the Metaverse,” Morgana finished for her. “Nice going, Da
Vinci!”
“Only to be expected of a genius,” Da Vinci purred.

“This is all well and good,” Loki scoffed. “But precisely what makes you think I’ll follow
anything you say? You didn’t even use a single command seal for your orders. I can easily
just vanish right now and you wouldn’t be able to do anything about it.”
Ren nodded in agreement. “You’re right,” he replied. “But you won’t. Because you don’t
want to be sent back to Chaldea.”
Loki cocked his head to the side in curiosity and challenge. “And how do you figure that?”
they inquired.
Ren smirked. “Because you’re already here,” he pointed out. “You’ve already participated in
so many battles, and even pulled out your trump cards for this siege. Like you said, you don’t
want to be bored. I can’t think of anything worse for you than sitting in Chaldea on your
thumbs while we come up to the climactic conclusion of this singularity, where all our
efforts, yours and mine, coalesce into a single point. And I’m sure that thought agonizes
you.”
The Phantom Thief’s words had a profound effect as the smirk from the trickster god dropped
into a frown of consternation. “Oh, you are a bastard, aren’t you,” they hissed. “Taking away
the main reason for my summoning. Clever, Ren Amamiya. Very clever. And dangerous”
“Your host body was of the same opinion with most of what I did,” Ren agreed. “So what do
you think, Loki? Do we have an agreement?”
Frowning, the Avenger considered. Then they reared up and laughed uproariously. “Fine,
fine!” they cried. “I know when I’m beat! At the very least I’d rather not miss out on the
stunning conclusion this singularity is building up to! I’ll agree to your conditions, Ren
Amamiya. You have my word on that.”
“Your word is not worth much, Avenger,” Artoria growled.
“Perhaps not,” Loki agreed. “But my desire for entertainment is. So long as that is sated, I see
no reason to disobey. I believe we have a deal, Ren Amamiya.”
Ren nodded. The matter now settled, he felt a huge weight leave his shoulders. “Alright,” he
concluded. “We should all get some rest. It’s been a very long day, and we’ve only got longer
ones ahead. Great work, guys. Artoria, thanks so much for the help.”
“Of course, Master,” the Saber replied. “I will not deny I have my misgivings about this, but I
will trust your judgment. May fortune favor you in the path to come.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “Thanks,” he replied. “I’ll need it.” With that, the
communication cut off as Ren picked back up the communicator and secured it to his wrist.
“Ugh, I don’t know about you guys, but I’m famished,” Ritsu grumbled. “Let’s get some
dinner, Mash. Ren.”
“Y-yes, Ritsu-senpai!” Mash replied and followed Ritsu as she stumbled out. Ren gave one
last look at Loki, who merely smirked and flashed him a wave – to the annoyance of the

other Servants who hadn’t moved from their spots despite everything – before following the
girls.
The shadows grew long as the sun set in Massilia.

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll get
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.com/invite/aY6w3JyHQP

Chapter 87: Apprisal
Chapter Summary

A new day, a few less loose ends.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The sun dawned over the horizon, lighting the sky in hues of orange and pink. The few
clouds in the sky gleamed as the rays of light shone on them, providing a stark relief to the
infinite expanse above. Below, the wounds of the battlefield were thrown into greater relief,
yet they were already scarring over – many of the bonfires were nothing more than
smoldering ashes while scaffolding had been erected at the gates and walls for impromptu
repairs. Incredibly rough, but it was better than nothing, nevertheless.
Ritsu stretched and yawned as she blinked sleep blearily from her eyes. She had never been a
morning person and frankly, sleeping here didn’t make it any better in the slightest. Roman
beds were absolutely no match for modern bedding but compared to sleeping in bedrolls on
the hard ground like she had been during the entire Gaul expedition, it was practically like
sleeping on a cloud. Frankly, she felt like she could stay in bed forever.
Still, it wouldn’t do to stay in bed, as much as she wanted to. She was a Master of Chaldea,
after all, with her own responsibilities. Plus, she was now apparently a broad-stripe tribune,
which meant she was more or less second-in-command compared to Ren (it was more
complicated than that, but it was the closest idea she had). That meant she had to keep up
appearances one way or another.
Still a complete pain in the ass, though.
‘Morning, guys, ’ she mentally contacted the Servants, barely keeping a yawn out of her
mental communications. ‘ Any world-ending threats or disastrous invasions hit us
overnight?’
‘If there were, they have been rather considerate of our current state of affairs,’ Archer
replied. She could practically hear the smirk in his tone. ‘ There has been no sign of any
follow-up armies or invasions, nor anything out of the ordinary, either within or without.
Seems to be all clear so far.’
‘And none of my talismans have been tripped either, Master,’ Tamamo added. ‘ There have
been no signs of magecraft or any other sort of mystery working. We were left alone for the
evening.’

The redheaded Master wearily nodded. ‘ Neat, ’ she shortly replied. ‘You guys aren’t too
tired, are you? We’ve been driving you guys pretty hard throughout the campaign.’
‘We do not exhaust ourselves like humans do,’ came Rider’s quiet answer. ‘ So long as we
have a steady supply of mana, we are able to maintain ourselves at full capacity. Your
concern is unwarranted.’
‘ So you say, but if you guys need a break, let us know immediately,’ Ritsu replied without
hesitation. ‘ Mental exhaustion is still a thing that exists, even for Servants, and I’d rather
have you guys well-rested than not. We got a lot to do and not a lot of time to do it, after all.’
‘What an odd Master we have,’ Archer commented to the amusement of the other Servants. ‘
We won’t find it necessary, but the thought is appreciated. We’ll keep maintaining a lookout
in case something happens.’
Ritsu sighed, knowing that was the best she was going to get out of these supernatural beings.
‘ Keep us posted,’ she acknowledged before cutting the mental link off. With that, she slowly
got out of bed, wincing slightly at her protesting, tired muscles, and slowly stood up. Taking
her Master jacket off the nearby chair, she slid it on, yawning all the while. She had been
tempted to take off her pants for comfort as well but decided against it in case something
happened overnight.
Gods, she had become paranoid.
After that, it had been a matter of dealing with her usual morning grooming, such as brushing
her teeth and trying to comb her hair. The toiletries they had been given lasted a good while
at least, but what she wouldn’t give for a hot shower at this point. The most she could do was
towel herself off any sweat and grime with water. Meanwhile, Ren had gotten a full Roman
bath, a fact that had her burning with jealousy. Not that it wasn’t deserved, oh no – he was
awesome enough to warrant that much, at least. But she wanted a Roman bath too, damn it!
With a sigh, she shoved the thought out of her mind. She couldn’t get everything in life – a
fact she was all too aware of at this point. She’d have to settle for an extra-long, extra-hot
shower once they get back to Chaldea. Even that much sounded glorious right now. In fact,
after all this, she was never going to take any facet of modern life for granted ever again, be it
food, plumbing, or bedding.
A gentle knock on the door caught her attention. “It’s open!” she called out as she started
tying up her boots. Their new residence was a larger two-story building, which had a shop on
the first floor and a connected living quarters on the second. It had belonged to a wealthier
merchant, judging by the nicer furniture and amenities, though it still was short on supplies
like every other building. It had more than enough bedrooms for everyone: Ren and Morgana
shared one room, Mash, Ritsu, and Joan. It certainly had been a while since they all slept in
close quarters together.
Mash quietly stepped in with a small smile. “Good morning, Ritsu-senpai,” she greeted.
“Have you rested well?”

Ritsu beamed at her favorite shielder. “Wish it was longer but eh, beggars can’t be choosers!”
she replied cheerfully. “What about you, Mash? You look fit as a fiddle!”
The shielder blinked in surprise and nodded. “I slept quite well, thank you,” she replied.
Demi-Servants apparently didn’t need quite as much sleep or food compared to regular
people, which was handy for stretching supplies if necessary. Nevertheless, she ate and slept
both for a sense of normality and to keep herself in optimal condition. “We do not have any
pressing matters to attend to today. I was about to ask Ren-senpai if he wishes to get some
breakfast with us, and perhaps we may talk about our experiences?”
The redhead grinned. “A chance to laze around and chat?” she asked rhetorically. “Sounds
like a dream to me! Let’s get going!”
Mash could only blink as her senpai popped up and almost scurried out, grabbing her wrist
while she was at it and pulling her along. It was definitely a stark contrast compared to the
rather serious, contemplative Ritsu-senpai she had seen throughout Gaul as she tried to outwit
Caesar. Rather, this was the Ritsu-senpai she saw when they first started the singularity and
when they were back in Chaldea.
Now that she thought about it, she did see Ritsu-senpai from time to time back in Chaldea
before everything happened. She mostly hung out with the members of Team A barring
Beryl, but they still talked and exchanged pleasantries. She always thought of Ritsu-senpai as
a rather radiant person, able to get along with almost anyone. It was something Mash had
always been curious about, enough that she considered Ritsu her senpai to life. And then
Ren-senpai and Morgana-senpai came along. Between them, she was witnessing similar yet
different people who had lived life beyond Chaldea. They knew the outside world, something
she couldn’t ever know.
She could only hold the highest of respect for them.
Prancing down the corridor, they came to a stop at Ren’s bedroom, where Ritsu happily
knocked. “It’s open!” Ren called out.
Suddenly, Mash had the strangest sense of déjà vu. Now that she thought about it, this exact
same scenario happened back in Chaldea after Orleans. As the memories surfaced, a sense of
alarm started rearing within her mind. “Erm, R-Ritsu-senpai, perhaps-!” she stammered out.
Too late. Ritsu opened the door enthusiastically – to a shirtless Ren doing one-handed
pushups on the floor as Morgana sat on the desk nearby in his cat form, licking his paw. The
catlike being glanced casually over at the two of them who were staring with eyes as wide as
saucers. “Huh,” he commented. “I’m getting déjà vu here. What about you, Joker?”
“Probably just you, Mona,” Ren grunted, though the telltale lightness of his tone suggested
heavily otherwise. Switching hands, he continued his pushups. “Morning guys,” he panted
out as he continued his workout. “Slept well?”
Ritsu blinked as she tried to regain her bearings. “Dwuh?” she intelligently answered.

“We did, senpai,” Mash quickly said, her face turning a crimson shade as she struggled not to
stare, focusing more on Morgana instead. “But, erm, if you wish, we can come back later
after you’re done! Y-you seem busy right now.”
“Come on, Mash, I’m sure Ren doesn’t mind-“ Ritsu began saying before being dragged
away by the wrist. “W-we’ll be waiting downstairs!” she squawked out before being yanked
away from the door.
The two quietly stared at the doorway, then Morgana turned back toward Ren as the Phantom
Thief stood back up. “You gonna join them?” he asked.
“Still gotta do pull-ups,” Ren simply replied before jumping up for a rafter.
After a couple minutes, the two went downstairs after Ren had toweled off the sweat from his
workout. Ritsu and Mash were on the first floor, eating next to a large, open window. The
former glanced up with a mouth full of bread and waved them over, making cheerful muffled
sounds. Mash noticed and turned around, smiling at them. “Hello, Ren-senpai! Morganasenpai! We only just started!”
Ren grinned as he sat down – and blinked at the spread. Softer, modern bread with jam,
combined with some instant coffee with a small battery-powered kettle, coupled with the
usual fare from the Romans. “We managed to find a leyline and summoned more supplies
from Chaldea!” Mash explained happily. “Unfortunately, we didn’t have the capability to
summon more Servants, so this is the best we can do. I hope this will work, senpai.”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “This is more than enough,” he replied gratefully. “Thanks,
guys. I missed this.”
Ritsu finally swallowed her bread. “We also got some canned tuna for Morgana,” she added,
taking out a can from a small knapsack on the ground and passing it over to him with a small
spoon. “Chaldea doesn’t have any cat food for obvious reasons and fresh fish doesn’t exactly
work well as field rations, so this is the closest we got.”
“Heh, it’s no fatty tuna but it’s still greatly appreciated,” he replied with a grin. With a flash,
he transformed back into his Metaverse form. With his now-dexterous paws, he easily opened
the can and grabbed the spoon before digging in with relish.
Ren sat down in turn and grabbed a piece of bread. “Imagine if you could’ve done that when
you had to fix the minivan back in Tokyo,” he commented as he began spreading some
blueberry jam on it.
Morgana scoffed. “It would’ve been so much easier,” he grumbled. “Using a screwdriver
with just your mouth isn’t exactly fun, you know. Do you guys have any idea how hard it is
to take spark plugs out and put a new one in with just paws and teeth?”
Mash blinked in surprise. “Did you repair a car in cat form, Morgana-senpai?” she inquired.
“I thought vehicles were designed with human anatomy in mind. That is very impressive.”

Ren smirked. “My friends had rented out a minivan that was the same model as the bus
Morgana can transform into in the Metaverse,” he replied as both girls turned to him. “We did
try to help him – multiple times – but, and I quote, ‘You guys just sit down and relax. No one
knows this kind of van better than myself!’ So we sat there for about… twenty minutes or so,
waiting for him to fix it?”
“Well look, there’s advantages in being a cat,” Morgana shot back defensively. “Including
getting more easily into the crawlspaces and stealing a spark plug someone obviously didn’t
need!”
“True enough,” Ren admitted defeat easily before biting into his bread.
Ritsu raised an eyebrow. “Stealing a spark plug?” she asked.
“We had some SIU agents tailing us for a while-“ Ren began.
“SIU?” Mash inquired.
“The Special Investigative Unit,” Morgana explained. “Basically Japan’s top security force
when things get really bad.”
“Oh, so kind of like America’s CIA,” Ritsu replied, clapping a fist into her palm in
realization.
Ren nodded. “Something like that,” he agreed. “Anyway, while they legally had nothing on
us, we were still being watched for a while. They even had someone in a car tailing us.
Morgana ‘borrowed’ a spark plug from their car and used it on the bus. We made a nice
getaway while they were stuck in a lurch. We’re rather lucky they’re so generous.”
Ritsu’s jaw dropped open before she started laughing uproariously while Mash could only
blink owlishly. “Oh my god!” the former gasped through giggles. “That was nice! Good
going, Morgana!”
Morgana chuckled. “All in a day’s work for a Phantom Thief,” he purred before he continued
to eat.
Ren put some instant coffee into his cup and poured the hot water in. As he did, he breathed
in the aroma of the liquid – and immediately frowned. The aroma just didn’t have the same
richness he was used to from his brews. Taking a sip, his frown only grew deeper. Sojiro
would dismiss this as crap, and frankly Ren would agree. If it wasn’t all they had right now,
he would make his own batch out of principle.
Ritsu groaned as she set down her own mug. “I’d kill for some of your coffee right about
now, Ren,” she muttered. “Like, I know it’s not practical to have it out on the field, but still,
it’s like going from absolutely gourmet food to… well, mud. Seasoned mud.”
“Isn’t that a bit harsh, Ritsu-senpai?” Mash admonished before sighing herself, staring
forlornly into her own. “Although I will agree, the instant coffee is… disappointing in
comparison,” she admitted.

The Phantom Thief chuckled. “I’ll make a huge pot for everyone and Chaldea once we get
back,” he reassured them. “If only to get the taste of this out of my mouth. No one should be
subjected to this mess for extended periods of time.”
“Have I mentioned how much I love you, Ren?” the redhead immediately asked. “Mash
appreciates you mostly for the coffee, by the way.”
“S-Senpai!! I do not appreciate Ren-senpai just for the coffee!” Mash spluttered, once more
his face turning a crimson mess as everyone laughed heartily at the joke.
A calm soon settled as they all peacefully ate breakfast. “When are we moving out?” Ritsu
asked casually.
Ren swallowed a bite of porridge. “Once supplies and further reinforcements show up,” he
answered. “Not sure when that is though. Still, it’ll be a straight shot to the URE afterward,
assuming they don’t toss more armies at us.”
“And they have a Grail, so we know damn well they can if they want to.”
All four turned to see Joan leaning against a doorframe with her arms crossed. “Oh, we didn’t
see you, Joan!” Mash greeted her cordially. “Would you like to join us for breakfast?”
Joan frowned before quietly shaking her head. “Already ate,” she replied shortly. “I take it
Avenger is still behaving, at least?”
“For now,” Morgana replied. After everything had been settled, they had explained
everything to Joan and their conditions for Loki. It was clear that, like the other Servants, she
hadn’t been happy with the decision but otherwise didn’t say anything in protest. “You
managed to learn when we’re moving out yet? I don’t think we can sit here for too long.”
“From what I hear from the officers, we’re moving out as soon as supplies and further
reinforcements get here,” she reported. “The soonest will be coming by sea, thanks to the
route you secured. The expected time of arrival, assuming there aren’t any complications like
weather, will be tomorrow or so.”
Ren nodded. As impatient as he was to get moving, especially with the threat of another
possible invasion looming over them, he knew at this point that moving out without having
the manpower or supplies would be the death knell of the Roman army. What was the old
saying? ‘An army marches on its stomach.’ “Tomorrow it is,” he accepted. “Should be
enough time to recoup and recover. You guys got any plans?”
“Honestly, I wanna meet with the Servants Morgana brought in,” Ritsu immediately said.
“They seem like pretty fun sorts. Especially Astolfo – I wanna pet her hippogriff.”
“He,” Morgana corrected.
Ritsu blinked. Then blinked again. “But… He’s prettier than me, ” she could only respond in
a deadpan tone tinged with despair and horror.

“Astolfo is a guy,” Morgana repeated, almost sounding like he was on autopilot at this point
as he sipped his own coffee – and winced at the atrocious flavor. “I’ll probably patrol, keep
my eyes and ears out for anything going on throughout the Roman army. Maybe even lend
them a hand with some logistics planning if need be – I can at least let them know what
Evander’s up to.”
Mash frowned slightly in consideration, then turned to Joan. “Excuse me, Joan,” she asked,
snagging the Lancer’s attention. “Would you honor me with a spar? I would like to further
hone my skills against more varied opponents, especially against those who are more suited
for frontline combat.”
Joan blinked in surprise at the request. It was obvious that whatever it was, she hadn’t been
expecting that. She opened her mouth to suggest someone else, but then thought it through.
Most of the other Servants weren’t frontline combatants. Boudica was better for holding a
front than attacking, and as for Lu Bu and Spartacus…
She suppressed a small shudder. It was difficult trusting Berserkers to not go overboard in the
heat of combat, even if it was just a sparring session. That really left only one decision left,
and with the way Mash was looking up at her with such an innocent, inquiring gaze, it really
had only one answer. “Just so you know,” she sighed resignedly. “I have no intention of going
easy on you. Whatever happens will be on you.”
Mash’s eyes widened in surprise, then she nodded enthusiastically. “Of course!” she accepted
eagerly. “I await your guidance, Joan!”
The Lancer rubbed the back of her neck abashedly. “It’s just a spar, not guidance,” she
muttered. Then she noticed Ren, Morgana, and Ritsu all staring at her with knowing smiles
and her mood immediately soured. “Enough,” she growled. “Do what you lot are gonna do.
Mash, I’ll be waiting outside the gates whenever you want that spar. Otherwise, knock
yourselves out with… whatever you usually do.” With that, she stomped out of the building.
All four watched her as she stalked past their window, soon disappearing from view. “I can’t
tell if she hates us or is getting to like us,” Ritsu commented casually, sipping her coffee
again.
Ren chuckled. “There’s a lot she’s going through right now,” he explained. “Just leave her be
for now. She’ll be alright. I’m glad she’s happy to spar with you, Mash.”
The shielder nodded. “I was surprised,” she admitted. “I expected her to decline. But now I
will be able to see how to properly fight on an offensive front line.”
“Our battles have been more defensive still, but she’ll probably be able to teach you some
things,” Ren agreed. “So, if that’s all settled, we should get through the day. Comms up just
in case, of course, but otherwise, we’ll meet back here for dinner.”
“And no running off, Ren,” Ritsu added sternly, to Morgana’s amusement and Mash’s mild
confusion.
Ren grinned. “No promises,” he replied simply.

They all finished up and cleaned up after themselves, with Ritsu and Morgana heading out
first. Ren was also about to walk out as well when he heard Mash behind him. “Ren-senpai?”
she called. “May I speak to you for a second?”
Blinking, he turned around before easily nodding. “Yeah, of course,” he replied. He stepped
back into the house and sat with Mash back at the table. “Is something the matter, Mash?”
Mash hesitated, thinking of the best way to phrase it. Ren simply sat and waited patiently.
There was no need to rush her – she would tell him when she knew how to. The fact she
approached him to speak about it was already out of the norm. Still, whatever she had to say,
he would listen. It honestly reminded him of those times he listened to his companions back
when in Tokyo. They were certainly nostalgic times.
“I had a dream, senpai,” she murmured as Ren quietly listened. “I was in the dark, but it
wasn’t… uncomfortable. Then in the distance, I saw jail cell doors made of blue light. I
couldn’t see past them – only a red light emanating from the other side.”
While outwardly remaining impassive, Ren immediately focused far more closely on Mash’s
words. A jail cell door? While he wouldn’t consider it ‘emblematic’, that’s what the door to
the Velvet Room always appeared as. But a red light as opposed to the Room’s usual blue…?
What could it“And Arsene appeared.”
Ren’s focus doubled at the mention of his persona. This was certainly unprecedented. Arsene
only appeared by his own will to him only. Otherwise, he usually only came when Ren
summoned him. It made sense – it was his inner self, after all, and while he didn’t mind
showing it, his persona wasn’t something he blatantly waved around everywhere like a flag.
“He told me that an arcana has been formed,” Mash continued, seemingly unaware of Ren’s
renewed attention on her as she recollected the event. “And that it was one of your sources of
power. He also said that… that the jail cell doors led into your inner realm, where you kept
your greatest treasures. And… he said I had permission to enter.”
She seemed more hesitant to finish her speech, and Ren couldn’t blame her – it felt incredibly
hard to believe. He had never heard something like this happening among any of his
confidants back in Tokyo, not even among the other Thieves or even with either Justine and
Caroline or Lavenza. Was this because of the Master-Servant bond they shared? There was
still a lot he didn’t know, either about personas and the Velvet Room, or magecraft and
Servants.
“So, what did you find?” Ren asked out of curiosity. If she could enter the Thieves Den, he
was genuinely curious as to what she thought of it. He might have told her much of his story,
but words could only convey so much. The Den, with its exhibits and information, would be
worth a million words. She would most likely be filled to the brim with questions – or
perhaps, she wouldn’t even know where to start asking. Either way, he was curious as to what
she would tell him.

To his surprise, Mash shook her head. “I didn’t enter, senpai,” she answered. “Arsene asked
me why, since he, as your inner self, gave permission. I told him that I would only do so once
I had permission directly from you.”
Ren could only blink. Frankly, he didn’t quite expect that answer, especially if Arsene gave
her permission. After all, the creed of personas – ‘I am thou, thou art I’ - wasn’t exchanged
lightly. The meaning was quite literal, and with his inner self like Arsene, even more so.
“And why do you need my permission?” he prodded. “Arsene is me, after all. His permission
to enter would be the same as mine.”
“I know, senpai,” the Shielder acknowledged. “However, it’s where your greatest treasures
and secrets are held, right? I… well, I didn’t believe that it would be prudent of me to intrude
on something so personal without direct permission from you. So even when Arsene said it
was alright, I declined and told him I would ask for your permission first before entering.
The Phantom Thief blinked yet again. Mash didn’t enter out of consideration for his
knowledge and secrets. Right, he remembered when everything began here: Him and
Morgana held countless secrets from Chaldea, secrets that could be abused by any
unscrupulous person. And with the capabilities of magi, who knows what they could do with
such knowledge?
Since then, they have since shared no small amount about their powers, the Metaverse, and
their past adventures, but it was still far from everything. If the Thieves Den were accessed,
anyone visiting would quickly glean far more than anything they have currently told them.
There was no proof, but it would certainly put a lot of pieces together for people who could
piece it out. Mash undoubtedly knew all of this and still didn’t enter out of sheer
consideration.
He was pleasantly surprised, to put it mildly. She could’ve simply entered, told him after, and
he would most likely be fine with it. But she hadn’t, instead choosing to talk to him about it
and asking directly for permission first. Considering how many had tried to plumb him for
information, this was quite the change. “I see,” he mused. “Well, this is unexpected. First
thing I can say right now is… thanks, Mash. For coming to ask me directly for permission
about it. It really means a lot to me.”
Mash blinked in surprise, then flushed red once more without knowing why. She could feel
her heart… skip a beat? Did she need to contact Roman after this? “O-of course, senpai,” she
stammered. “It’s only right.”
Ren nodded. “Of course,” he agreed. “But right now, I suppose the better question is: do you
want to enter?”
“P-pardon me?” Mash stammered.
“I’ve given you permission to enter,” he said. “So you’re free to head in if you want. But I
understand entering someone’s… inner realm isn’t exactly the most comfortable thing to do.
Mine isn’t as bad as Jeanne Alter’s, but still.” Frankly, Ren didn’t think anybody so far could
compare to the literal Hell that was her Palace. If his inner realm ever became something that

resembled Jeanne Alter’s, then a trip to both the Velvet Room and a trained psychiatrist
would be needed.
Mash looked hesitant and unsure, prompting Ren to smile reassuringly. “You don’t have to
answer me now, Mash,” he said. “Take your time and think it through. If you don’t wanna
enter, then that’s fine by me and thank you for respecting my privacy and boundaries. But if
you do, well…” He gave a cheerful grin. “I’ll give you the grand tour myself.”
The Shielder again blinked in surprise, then matched Ren’s smile with one of her own.
“Alright,” she replied. “In that case, I will be in your care, Ren-senpai.”
Ren grinned. “Alright, you better meet up with Joan,” he said. “I don’t know how long she’ll
wait for you for that spar. Let me know how it goes.”
Mash nodded as she stood back up with Ren and bowed. “Thank you so much for your time
and patience, Ren-senpai!” she chirped.
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “Trust me, Mash, the honor was mine.”
For a second, Mash could only blink – those were the same words Arsene had used for her as
well after they had parted ways. Then she giggled. They weren’t kidding; Ren and Arsene
were certainly the same person. “What’s so funny?” Ren asked out of curiosity.
She opened her mouth to tell him, then she shook her head. “It is nothing of importance, Rensenpai,” Mash replied. He had countless secrets to him, after all. Perhaps one small harmless
secret of her own was no problem. “Please have a good day!” With that, she left the house
and began walking toward the gates, her mood far brighter and lighter than before.
It was only a bit, but she had made progress. And that was good enough for now.
The day had quietly passed without incident. The sun began setting over the horizon, bathing
the land in orange rays. Work slowed as everyone’s energy waned. They had made a good
amount of progress – scouting parties managed to forage for further supplies as engineers
scavenged wood and rubble, drafting plans for siege engines that could be implemented as
quickly as necessary. Armor and weapons were repaired or redistributed after adjustments
from the URE troops. Lookouts had found absolutely no sign of an oncoming invasion,
which was a load off everyone’s minds for at least one more day.
The Chaldean legion had been of great help – boosting morale, helping with their work,
coordinating, and more. Frankly, the only thing they were waiting on was the caravan and
reinforcements. Everything else was situated and ready to go. Once they had the cargo sorted,
they would be able to leave and march immediately – a boon as time was not an ally of theirs.
As such thoughts dwelled in her mind, Nero stood on a tower, watching the distant sea. The
sunlight glimmered off the water like a jewel with infinite facets. A cool breeze blew in,
gently ruffling her red dress as she scanned the horizon for any sign of a ship’s mast. Though
she had long received news that they would come tomorrow, she still could not help but look

for herself in a vain hope to at least reassure herself. Besides, the cleaner air was refreshing,
and she could behold a magnificent landscape – there were no downsides to such an idea.
And more importantly, it was well away from everyone else.
“Has the matter been settled among the Chaldeans?” Nero asked.
Jing Ke leaned up against the battlements like she had always been there with a smirk.
“Seems like,” she replied casually as she swirled a jug of liquor around. “As the reports
stated, it was about Loki, but matters seem to be well in hand.”
Nero nodded. “And what of the details?” she asked. “Is there anything to be wary of?”
The Assassin paused for a bit before turning more towards Nero – and away from Archer,
who had been watching them from a building some distance away so he couldn’t read their
lips. “There is,” she replied seriously. “Apparently Loki has an ability to drive people
psychotic, from what I could tell. This isn’t an ability I know of, nor would I know how to
properly counteract it.”
The emperor forced her expression to remain neutral, despite her displeasure pulling down at
the corners of her lips. “Concerning news indeed,” she murmured. “And what measures have
the Chaldeans taken?”
“Apparently, threatening to send Loki back to where they came from,” Jing Ke answered.
“With threats of further disciplinary measures.” She took a swig of her wine to wet her
parched throat. Gaining such information wasn’t easy – navigating blind spots in the Archer’s
surveillance while trying to find a weakness in the Caster’s bounded fields. And of course,
the instinctual sense of Ren. She was honestly surprised she hadn’t been caught.
Unless…
At this point, Nero couldn’t help but frown. “Oddly lax,” she murmured. “Was it because that
woman was able to secure a victory that should’ve been impossible? Or is there some other
factor…?” Her eyes flicked over at Jing Ke as she brought herself out of her ruminations.
“You did well bringing me this information, and without getting caught,” she told the
Assassin. “My thanks, Jing Ke.”
Jing Ke frowned as she stared down into her jug. “I’m not so sure about that, Imperator,” she
muttered. “They’re obviously extremely careful, and with a Caster and an Archer, as well as
Ren himself? I don’t know, it seems a bit too easy.”
At this point, Nero couldn’t help herself and turned to the Assassin in surprise. “Are you
saying that this was deliberate?” she asked.
The Assassin swirled her wine pensively. “This isn’t the kind of thing they could invite you
over or easily explain to you,” Jing Ke reasoned. “And between everyone they had there, they
could easily have it airtight – I wouldn’t be able to catch a single word, no matter what I did.
So, the fact I could probably means they were relying on me to listen in and relay all of this
to you.”

Nero blinked in surprise. “A rather… obtuse way of apprising me of the situation,” she
muttered as she turned back towards the sea. “But this method I suppose means they trust me
with this information that they could not tell me by normal means. Well, if that is the case,
then I must have faith in them, then.”
“Seems like we have to,” Jing Ke agreed. “After all, if you ask me, it also means they know
I’m spying on them. My methods of info gathering aren’t gonna work with them – at least,
not easily.”
“That is to be expected,” Nero admitted. “They have shown themselves far more capable at
each and every turn than even our greatest expectations. Nevertheless, they have shown
themselves to be stalwart and loyal allies no matter the circumstance or situation. I believe
they have earned themselves the benefit of the doubt. Would you not agree, Jing Ke?”
The Assassin smirked and raised a jug. “I’ll drink to that,” she replied cheerfully before
taking another swig of her wine.
They stood in silence for a bit, admiring the horizon as the sun set, the sky slowly darkening
as the shadows became longer and longer. “Have you seen Boudica and Spartacus?” Nero
asked, her voice barely above a whisper. “Is there anything that is worth concerning about
them?”
Jing Ke studied the emperor’s expression carefully, then shrugged. “So far as I can tell,
they’re not planning on any coups or sabotages. They’re just as committed to your campaign
as any other officer under your command. You want me to keep a closer eye on them, just in
case?”
Nero considered for a moment, then shook her head. “That… will not be necessary,” she
murmured. “Focus no more attention on them than you usually do. Other than that, good
work. I’ll ration more liquor for you when supplies arrive.”
The Assassin nodded. “Alright then,” she accepted as she got up. “In that case, I’ll return to
my regular duties. By your leave, Imperator.” With that, she stepped away, and vanished into
thin air, leaving Nero in silence. With a sigh, Nero turned to descend from the tower. Personal
concerns aside, she had no small amount of work to take care of herself.
And so, night descended as another day passed on the campaign.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.com/invite/YQdm5Qqb9b

Chapter 88: Scars
Chapter Summary

War leaves it marks on everyone. Especially those with fresh eyes.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

On a small hill, palisades had been erected as soldiers rapidly dug ditches in front. Tents were
being rapidly pitched after being grabbed from a caravan of carts that stood at the top of the
hill, all lined in formation. Scouts and soldiers marched in patrols some distance away,
keeping a lookout as others cut down trees from a nearby forest for any material necessary
for the camp. With the overcast sky, the sunset wasn’t visible. However, the sky was steadily
darkening as the clouds above turned a deep shade of blue. Torches were starting to be lit,
illuminating the area with dots of orange light.
Ritsu had to admit, while she had been on flights before back in the modern world, seeing the
world from above on a hippogriff was a fantasy and a luxury she hadn’t expected. Even if the
stars weren’t out, her eyes were glimmering with the light of the torches far below as the
wind whipped her hair around. “This is amazing!” she cried – then yelped as she almost
slipped and retightened her grip around Astolfo, who was sitting in front of her, holding the
reins of the mythological creature.
The Rider grinned as he glanced over his shoulder. “Isn’t it?” he replied cheerfully over the
wind. “I’m glad I got summoned out here – Hippy doesn’t get nearly enough free space to fly
these days. Right, Hippy?” He patted the hippogriff on the side, who gave a happy chirp-roar
(that was the only sound Ritsu could define it as) in response.
Their meeting in Massilia had gone extremely well. Ritsu had been overwhelmed by the
Paladin’s energy at first, but after getting over her initial surprise, they had become fast
friends. Upon learning of the hippogriff, Ritsu knew she had to go for a ride (and she
would’ve asked for the Pegasus as well, but she had a feeling that Medusa would be less
receptive to the idea). Astolfo said yes, and since then Ritsu had been accompanying the
Paladin every other patrol if there wasn’t anything important to attend to.
“Glad you can fly him more often, then!” Ritsu agreed with a grin. She patted the hippogriff.
“And thanks for letting me on as well, Hippy! You’re the best!” she called out. The hippogriff
let out another chirp-roar in response. Just seeing everything from up so high was honestly
beyond amazing, and the wind flying by felt exhilarating. She loved every bit of this.
After everything that had occurred, she needed this bit of stress relief. The assault on Gaul,
fretting over Ren at Massilia, and the whole deal with Loki… she was sure the whole affair

shaved off at least a decade of her life. She loved thrills, but more controlled thrills like the
ride with the hippogriff under the careful supervision of Astolfo were what she aimed for.
The chaos of war and combat was beyond what she could easily handle or stomach.
And yet, she would have to. In the days ahead, there would be more she would need to deal
with, and she knew it. But how does one prepare for war where she could die by a slight slip
of misfortune? How does one prepare for their friends to perish as well? How does one
prepare to see people die all around them as they’re all just scrambling to survive, one way or
another?
The image of the storeroom filled with countless boxes, packed with the belongings of those
who were no longer with them, flashed in her mind. Her grip tightened around Astolfo. No
way can anyone prepare for that. Not if they wanted to retain their sanity.
At least, no one normal could prepare.
“Hey, Astolfo?” she asked, her grip tightening on the Rider as the hippogriff slowly turned.
“How do you prepare for war? All the stuff that happens there – fighting, death, what have
you. The possibility of either you or everyone around you, friend or enemy, dying. How do
you deal with it?”
Astolfo glanced back at her in surprise before putting a finger on his chin and rolling his eyes
upward, contemplating an answer. Then he gave a broad grin. “I deal with what happens
today the best I can!” he replied cheerfully. “And whatever happens after that, well, that’s
tomorrow’s problem! I just gotta deal with today’s problems – and if that means beating up
whoever’s causing it, then that’s what I’m doing!”
Ritsu’s mouth could only open slightly, flabbergasted at the answer. It certainly wasn’t one
she had been expecting. To focus on the present, dealing with the problem, and deal with the
future when it comes to it? On paper, he wasn’t wrong – it was what needed to be done after
all – but it was far easier said than done. Especially with the ease the Rider had seemingly
suggested… no. It wasn’t an applicable solution to her, at least not for a very long time.
There might come a day where may be precisely what she did.
And for some reason, that very thought terrified her.
“I see,” she replied. That was the only answer she could give. Now the wind howling around
her felt like nothing against her numbed senses. Astolfo gave another glance behind him, then
yelled, “Hang on tight!”
The redhead blinked. “Wait, wha-?” Then she screamed in surprise as suddenly, the
hippogriff tilted upward and rapidly rose – and kept tilting upward. Heaven and earth flipped
over as its wings flapped hard, its muscles straining. Ritsu squealed as she clung onto Astolfo
for dear life while the Rider laughed uproariously through the loop. At the apex of the loop,
the mythological creature began diving straight down, faster and faster and faster as the
ground rushed alarmingly fast toward them.
Ritsu’s eyes widened as her grip tightened. “A-Astolfo?!?” she screeched in a panic.

The Rider grinned and pulled hard on the reins. In response, the hippogriff rapidly pulled up,
only a few feet above the ground as its wings and headwind churned the gravel underneath.
Rising up, the hippogriff tucked its wings in and rolled in the air. This time, getting over her
surprise, Ritsu whooped in delight. She always loved a good rollercoaster ride, and it didn’t
get much better than on a hippogriff.
A few more stunts later, Astolfo finally brought the hippogriff landing inside the nowfinished camp, at a clearing made at the Rider’s request. The Rider hopped off and stretched
his muscles, none the worse for wear, then with a smile reached up with a hand to help Ritsu
off the hippogriff – and caught her as the redhead almost collapsed, barely any strength in her
legs. “Easy there,” he advised with a chuckle. “Riding Hippy’s fun, but it’s straining for your
first time.”
“Yeah, I can tell,” Ritsu replied with a shaky grin as she slowly got back on her feet,
massaging her legs. Once she did, she could only beam at the Rider. “Thanks so much for
that,” she said gratefully before turning to the hippogriff. “You too, Hippy!” she chirped.
“That was fun!”
The hippogriff chirp-roared once more, then took off into the air, dissolving into mana as
Astolfo waved goodbye. “Well, now that our patrol is done, time to get some food!” he stated
with a broad grin. “Wanna join me?”
Ritsu grinned but shook her head. “I should catch up to the other guys, see what’s up,” she
declined. “But we gotta do that again. That was fun.”
Astolfo nodded. “Indeed, we should!” he agreed wholeheartedly. “But until then, rest well!
Au revoir!” With that, he pranced off, looking to grab some food for himself and whatever
kind of entertainment he could find.
The redheaded Master watched as the pink-haired Rider left with a smile, then sighed.
Squatting a bit, she stretched out her legs to alleviate the soreness from riding the hippogriff
and began walking toward their section. She had been rather down as of late, with everything
that had been happening. Destruction, death, fear… Wars existed in the modern world, of
course, but it was all in the periphery. Something you watched on the news about or read up
in books, to learn and be shocked or angry, or admire the heroes in them.
Living them, however, was a far different beast altogether. And she was woefully
underprepared for it. But again, how could one really prepare for war?
A scent wafted through the air, catching Ritsu’s nose. A spicy aroma, one that she was more
familiar with. Picking up her pace, she quickly followed the scent, leading her closer and
closer back to their group of tents. And there, at the campfire, Ren was attending to a small
pot of curry as Mash carefully cut vegetables up on a small cutting board while crouching
down. At her approach, both of them looked up and grinned. “Hey, Ritsu!” the Phantom
Thief called out. “Good timing!”
“I gathered,” Ritsu replied with a smile of her own. “Smells really good!”

“It’s the curry packages we brought along with us,” Mash explained. “We thought it would be
a good time to use them as it would be difficult to have some without drawing unwanted
attention once we reach the capital.”
“And I got some fish!” Morgana cried as he ran up, holding up some catches as Tamamo Cat
followed close behind him. “Sorry I was late; they weren’t biting as much as I’d like.”
“It happens,” Ren reassured him. “Ritsu, can you work with Tama to cut the fish prepped? If
you guys work quick, we should be able to add it to the curry for the best flavor.”
Ritsu blinked, then nodded and turned to Tama. “Time to make this a rush job,” she declared
to the Servant.
Tama grinned as she pulled out a kitchen knife from the folds of her robe (no idea where she
kept that) and held it up with a twirl. “Leave it to me, woof! I mean, meow!” she declared.
Taking the fish off of Morgana, she grabbed a long, clean board that would serve as a cutting
board and an elevated, relatively flat rock, and began working. “Skin the fish, would you?”
she asked.
The redhead nodded, taking out the trench knife tucked in her belt, giving it a quick wipe,
and began scraping off the scales. She had helped once or twice in the kitchen, so it wasn’t
too unfamiliar to her. Yet as she glanced over at Tama, she had easily worked at least thrice
the speed of her, already filleting the fish despite her large paws. Blinking, Ritsu focused on
her own work and tried to catch up.
Still, as they worked, Ritsu couldn’t help but be curious about the Servant beside her, and
eventually her curiosity overwhelmed her focus. “So, did you create a Servant contract with
Morgana?” she asked casually.
Tama shook her head. “I didn’t,” she replied as she rapidly sliced a fish in half. “The thought
never really came to me, nor did it to Master.”
Ritsu blinked in surprise. “Then… why do you call him Master or follow him everywhere
you do?” she asked in surprise. Normally, the only time a Servant addresses another person as
a Master was, of course, if they were their Master. The fact that a Servant, even one as
seemingly eccentric as Tamamo Cat, addressed Morgana as Master was rather unprecedented.
The Berserker stopped for a moment to contemplate, then she smiled in a small, mysterious
manner as she deboned the fish. “It’s just what I feel,” she replied quietly. “Morgana is a man
destined to support and follow in the shadows of people greater than he is, woof. I mean,
meow. And he is quite content with that, even if it deprives him of some of his own
happiness. And yet, throughout it all, he remains noble, confident, and capable, leading and
directing where he can in support of everyone else.”
She beamed at Ritsu. “What can be more gallant and captivating than that?” she inquired
rhetorically. “At least, that’s what I’ve observed so far. I’m still watching him and seeing if
being his Servant, both literally and metaphorically, would be the best way to serve him!
After all, I don’t want to become another responsibility, woof! I mean, meow!”

The redhead’s mouth worked as she tried to find an answer. She never saw Morgana that way,
seeing the catlike being as a Phantom Thief and therefore just as awesome as Ren. But then,
she didn’t precisely know the full story, nor had she been able to work much beside him.
After all, they only worked together for a bit before the campaign forced them all to split up.
And now here was Tamamo Cat evaluating him so fully even in the short time they had met.
Before she could work up an answer, Tama spoke once more. “Would you like me to finish
that?” she asked, pointing at Ritsu’s fish.
Ritsu glanced down and noticed that she hadn’t even finished deboning, lost as she was in
contemplation, while Tama had a stack of cubed fish meat from the three fishes she had
handled. She wrestled with her pride for a second, then smiled sheepishly. They couldn’t hold
up dinner. “Could you, please?” she asked. Tamamo Cat grinned, took it with her large paw,
and began working once more, leaving Ritsu to observe her and ponder further.
“Why the heck did you call me here?”
Turning at the familiar cantankerous voice, she saw Joan stalking up, looking mildly
annoyed. Already guessing what she had been called for, Ritsu grinned. “We thought you
might wanna join us for dinner!” she replied cheerfully. A glance and a nod from Ren were
all she needed to confirm her suspicions. “Not often we get to have curry out on the field, so
we should treat ourselves! You’ve never had curry before, right? You usually stick to bread,
cheese, and things like that.”
Joan scowled. “They’re enough for me,” she muttered. “I don’t need much else and…” She
took a whiff and almost sneezed. “That’s a bit too spicy for me, so thanks but no thanks.”
“One dish,” Ritsu immediately said. “Just try one dish. If you don’t like it, I won’t ever
bother you about it ever again. Please? Just once?”
The Lancer turned around to see Ritsu, hands clasped together with wide eyes, in a clearly
plaintive begging gesture. She looked up and saw both Ren, Mash, Morgana, and even
Tamamo Cat staring at her. She worked her mouth desperately, trying to find some excuse to
leave, then groaned in frustration. “You really aren’t going to stop bugging me about this,
aren’t you?” she growled.
Ritsu immediately grinned wryly. “Guilty,” she cheerfully admitted.
Joan opened her mouth to angrily retort when she was interrupted – by growling. From her
stomach. The Lancer’s face turned red in embarrassment as Ritsu’s grin turned smug. “So, I
take it you’ll join us?” she asked mischievously.
Taking a deep breath, she held up a finger. “One dish,” she growled. “That’s all I promise.”
“And that’s all we ask for!” Ritsu happily accepted, turning back around - and leaping back
with a startled yelp as she came face to face with a large wall of muscles and grey skin
belonging to a certain Berserker, who leered down at them with his usual massive, unnerving
grin.

“Hunger is an oppressor!” Spartacus boomed. “One of the greatest oppressors of all! It must
be defeated so we may accumulate strength to defeat even greater oppressors! If sustenance is
offered to defy it, then it would behoove you to take it, Lancer!”
“H-hello to you too, Spartacus,” Ritsu panted out, holding her chest. “Just uh, mind giving a
heads up the next time you show up? I nearly had a heart attack!”
The Berserker’s grin grew even wider and even more unnerving. “My apologies!” he cried. “I
did not mean to surprise you! I simply smelled something delicious and was assailed by the
oppression that is hunger myself!” He looked over at the pot. “And indeed, it seems quite
delectable!”
Morgana’s eyes widened as he glanced at the small pot then back at Spartacus. “W-we only
have enough to give you one serving!” he quickly interjected. “We don’t have enough
ingredients for more!”
The former gladiator nodded. “That is fine!” he declared. “Far be it from me to oppress you
for more food! I shall take what you can spare and thank you gratefully, my comrades in
rebellion!”
Rapid footsteps caught their attention. Turning, they saw Boudica running up, sword and
shield in hand. “There you are!” she gasped out once she caught sight of Spartacus. “Sorry
about that, guys. We were on patrol when Spartacus caught a scent of something and jumped
off. I thought it was something dangerous, but I didn’t expect it was just you guys cooking
dinner.” So saying, her gear disappeared in a flash of light, leaving her looking innocuous
once more as she took a breath. “Oh my, curry?” she realized. “Quite a luxury out here in the
countryside.”
Ren grinned up from the pot at her as he continued stirring. “Wanna join us?” he asked. “We
should have enough here for one serving for everyone present so far.”
The Rider blinked in surprise, then chuckled. “Well, if you’re offering, then it would be rude
of me to decline,” she replied. “Is there anything I can do to help, at least? I’m a deft hand in
a kitchen.”
The Phantom Thief blinked and was about to decline when he looked over at Mash, who was
still cutting up vegetables. “Mash, would you like Boudica to give you some pointers?” he
asked, grabbing the Shielder’s attention.
“Huh?” Mash asked, blinking in surprise, then sheepishly nodded. “Y-yes, please,” she
murmured. “I’m sorry I’m taking so long.”
“Nonsense,” Boudica chided as she immediately made her way over. “You’re making good
time, Mash. Your technique just needs a bit of refinement. Here, let me show you.” Taking
over for Mash, she easily handled the knife as she chopped up the vegetables at double her
speed.
“Cats paw grip, use the knife like a lever,” the Rider coached as Mash observed closely. “It
takes a bit of practice, but eventually you’ll get the speed you want. Cut it up in cubes too –

that’ll go well with the curry. Now you try.”
Mash nodded with a determined expression, shifting over and began working again, utilizing
the techniques she observed from Boudica in accordance with her teachings. Immediately,
her pace dramatically increased from what it had been before. “There you go!” Boudica
cheered. “You’re a fast learner, Mash!”
“Yes! Thank you very much, Boudica!” the Shielder replied with a grateful smile as she
continued to work.
Ren smiled and turned to continuing stirring the curry – only to jump a bit as the massive
figure of Spartacus was right beside him, his wide eyes staring down directly at him. “Hey,
er, Spartacus, right?” he greeted. “Dinner won’t be ready for a bit, so if you wanna take a seat
or do something else, feel free.”
The gladiator’s grin widened. “So, you are the one that Ritsu spoke of!” he rumbled. “You
and Morgana!”
Both Ren and Morgana turned to look at each other in surprise and trepidation, then back at
Spartacus. “Er, what did she speak about?” the former asked, trying to suppress the
trepidation that was rapidly racing up his heart.
“She spoke of those who embody the very spirit of rebellion!” he boomed. “Fighting against
corrupt authorities in the shadows, defying oppressors at every turn, and inspiring others to
defy in turn! You are the Phantom Thieves! We are truly comrades in arms, you and I!”
Ren’s mouth dropped open slightly before glancing out of the side of his eye at Ritsu, who
immediately looked away from them both while whistling. Mash, meanwhile, simply shot the
redhead a disapproving look. Turning back, he could see Spartacus leering even closer at
him. It seemed he wasn’t going to escape this.
He could only chuckle to himself. Well, this promised to be an eventful dinner, at least.
---------Night had fallen over the camp. The distant sounds of woodland animals echoed from the
forest nearby as a soft wind wafted in gently from the coast. Although there was some
activity in the camp below, the only real movement were sentries patrolling the palisades,
keeping an eye out for any intruders. Their comrades otherwise were either talking around
campfires, gambling in some shadowy corner away from the prying eyes of officers, or
simply turning in for the evening, exhausted by the hard day’s march and work.
Perched on a nearby hill, Archer quietly kept watch for any being or Servant that might
approach. Most of his fellow Servants were doing the same as well, with Medusa keeping
watch in the shadows and Tamamo monitoring her talismans. Glancing about, he saw Loki
lazing on the palisade nearest to where the Masters were camped, yawning in boredom, while
the Masters themselves were with Boudica and Spartacus. Astolfo was chatting up some
soldiers in another section of the camp, Lu Bu was patrolling the perimeter, and Jing Ke…
well, she would be seen when she wanted to be seen. All told, it had been a quiet evening.

The peace felt a bit surreal. They had all been prepared to reinforce the besieged Massilia,
considering the sheer army reported while being headed by the legendary Alexander the
Great and the magus Waver Velvet. Frankly, once they had all arrived, then they could’ve
easily dealt with the army. The automaton soldiers were absolutely no match for Servants and
would’ve been cut down like a scythe going through wheat. And as capable as Alexander and
Waver were, he doubted they could’ve handled eleven Servants at once.
Instead, they came back to a smoking ruin of a victory, and an accounting with Loki. The
Avenger had been far more dangerous than even he had expected, with an ability that Ren
knew about but hadn’t expected to transfer over. He thought he had seen everything about the
Metaverse abilities after witnessing the Alter’s Palace back in Orleans as well as his Masters’
abilities, but it seemed like there was still more. He would have to be especially careful
unless they wanted victory ripped away by the most unexpected methods.
Which brought up another question: Medusa never spoke about useless subjects. She spoke
only when she needed to. She could be evasive with her answers or questions, but there was
always intent. And that question about a world without suffering… long had he pondered if
he should ask Ren or Morgana about it. In such a world, he wouldn’t be needed. The
existence known as Shirou Emiya would be forced to admit defeat on his foolish dreams. If
he had been offered such a world, he would…
He closed his eyes. No, he admonished himself. It was pointless to focus on what-ifs or his
Masters’ past decisions. They were no concern of his, nor would any of them be able to do
anything about it now. He needed to focus on the present and the future. He could hear a
feminine voice in the back of his mind shrilly berating him for being such an idiot and could
only smirk to himself.
What would Rin have thought of it all?
Suddenly, he heard the shift in the undergrowth behind him: The crunching of leaves and the
breaking of twigs were loud in the quiet night air. Footsteps of a person, not an animal. The
pace was not too fast nor slow; they weren’t trying to sneak up on him whatsoever. No
clanking of metal armor or creak of leather, just a faint rustle of cloth. The footsteps were too
heavy for one of the girls or even emperor Nero. A Servant wouldn’t even bother walking up
like this either. Morgana was completely out of the question. That left only one conclusion…
“I thought Phantom Thieves were normally better at sneaking up on people,” he commented
with a smirk without bothering to turn around.
Ren chuckled as he brushed some leaves off his clothes. “Wasn’t trying to,” he retorted
simply. “Just didn’t want to surprise you was all.”
Archer smirked as he glanced over at his Master as he took a seat on a rock beside him.
“Finally got away from Spartacus, then?” he inquired rhetorically.
Chuckling again, Ren nodded. “I passed him off to Morgana,” he replied. “He was the one
who was with me the longest and also taught me the ropes of Phantom Thievery. I just
thought he also deserved the honor of regaling him with stories of our adventures.”

“Same way you passed me off to Artoria that time?” Archer asked, raising an eyebrow.
The Phantom Thief’s blinked in surprise, then he feigned an expression of hurt. “What?” he
gasped. “Do you think I’d do such a thing to one of my closest friends and companions?
Have you so little faith in me, Archer?”
The red-mantled hero simply stared down at him, his skepticism evident from his silence. A
moment later, neither of them could hold their mirth in as they began laughing. That time felt
like an eternity ago, with the singularities they had dealt with. And yet, despite it all, it was
still fresh in their minds. A moment’s reprieve from the insanity of the campaign.
“So, Morgana told me about his leg of the campaign,” Ren commented as he reclined on his
rock, stretching. “What did you think of it? Been on a lot of sea trips in your life?”
Archer shook his head. “Most of my journey in life was on land,” he corrected. “There have
been a few trips on boats, sure, but they were simply ferrying from one point to the next on
some expedition or other. Not much time for downtime or leisure. Not like here, at least.” He
didn’t mention that much of that time, said boats either held soldiers, refugees… or corpses.
Often, he had to smuggle himself aboard or hire himself out as a mercenary simply to get to
where he needed to go. It wasn’t ideal, but he wasn’t about to complain. It was irrelevant.
“True, but here you had some downtime, right?” Ren pushed a bit.
After a moment, the red-mantled hero chuckled. “There was some, yes,” he admitted. “It
allowed me to get some fishing done. I couldn’t experiment as much as I wanted to with them
– it’s hard to procure decent ingredients around here if you don’t know precisely what to look
for – but it was still more satisfying than typical Roman rations. This isn’t much of a problem
now thanks to Mash and Ritsu restocking our rations, but it provided some variety while we
were out on ships.”
Ren nodded pensively. “I can’t imagine that would be much fun,” he murmured. “I don’t
suppose there’s much to do on a ship?”
“Oh, there’s plenty to do,” Archer retorted with a smirk. “If you wish to swab the deck, help
with the ropes, rowing, moving supplies around, and more, then there’s no shortage of things
to do on a ship. But if you mean in terms of entertainment or just passing the time, then no.
Fishing or gambling are favored pastimes on ships for a reason. Modern times has thankfully
made entertainment considerably more compact and easier, but still.”
“I see,” the Phantom Thief mused, joining the Servant’s amusement. Video games, movies,
TV shows... there were plenty of methods to keep oneself entertained all while staying in one
location – provided there was electricity and outlets, as well as proper screens. Futaba in
particular could have easily stayed in her room her entire life so long as she was provided
with food and other living accommodations like a bathroom. Hell, before they came along,
she basically had been.
But still, nowadays, he had a feeling she wouldn’t be quite as content (although still more
than comfortable) with staying in her room permanently, not after her adventures with them

both in the Metaverse or in the real world. Granted, they had to coax her out every once in a
while, but it was no bother for any of them.
“What about you?” Archer asked in turn, glancing over at Ren. “I believe you have
mentioned that wars were something you didn’t have much experience in, despite your past
adventures. What do you think of everything?”
Ren blinked in surprise. “It’s…” He was about to say ‘alright’ when the word got caught in
his throat. What DID he think of everything so far? The corpses and zombies back in
Orleans. The doppelganger’s Palace. Single-handedly fighting off an army of two hundred in
real life, without his enhanced physical capabilities from the Metaverse, and staring down
Leonidas who could’ve easily ended his life with a simple spear thrust.
And finally, the siege of Massilia. The smell of burning chemicals and flesh. The desperate
screams and gasps of the dying and the dead. His burning exhaustion as he tried to put out
one fire only for a dozen more to spring up, literally and figuratively. The broken, despondent
face of Alexander twisted in a mad rage as he demanded Loki’s location, seeking retribution
for the ghastly fall of his friend and comrade.
And that night, when men he thought were their allies tried to assassinate him – and an
innocent was killed in the process.
“It’s been an experience,” Ren answered slowly. “There’s a lot I’ve done in these singularities
that I’ve never done before. I’m used to doing things that I believe are the right thing to do –
saving that woman from Shido, taking up the mask of a Phantom Thief, defying those who
would use their power for their own gain… or for what they believe would be the good of all.
I might’ve stopped once or twice to think about it, sure, but in the end, I didn’t hesitate to do
what I needed to.”
The red-mantled hero listened quietly. The phrase ‘what they believe would be the good of
all’ definitely sounded like what Medusa spoke of before, but it wasn’t the time to inquire
about it. Instead, he kept his judgements to himself, wondering briefly where Ren was going
with this.
Ren swept an arm over the dark horizon. “Here I am, fighting to preserve humanity and
correct history,” he continued. “And if anyone gets in the way of that, then I’ll defend myself
and push forward no matter what. Honestly, it’s no different than when I first became a
Phantom Thief – changing hearts is not exactly the most moral thing to do for most people.
We did our best to only change the hearts of those that absolutely deserve it, especially when
we end up pushed against a corner. I don’t regret changing the hearts of our targets or what
we did.”
“And yet…” The Phantom Thief stared down at the camp. “Why does it all feel so wrong ?”
Archer said nothing for a moment as he processed Ren’s words. “War cares little about
morals,” he murmured. “Good, evil, kindness, cruelty… it takes such notions and grinds it
down with teeth of steel. For those who fight in it, in the end, it’s nothing more than a
desperate struggle of objectives and survival. If someone points a gun at you, then your only

hope is that your reflexes are faster so you can pull the trigger in turn. Fighting for your own
justice has… little place in such conflicts.”
“I suppose,” Ren agreed reluctantly. “At the very least, I wanted to be able to protect those
around me how I can. And I’ve protected a lot of people, close friends and strangers. But… I
wasn’t able to protect everyone. I’m not sure if I wasn’t fast enough, not powerful enough, or
just… made the wrong call. Just the thought I made a mistake is terrifying.”
Ren glanced down and for a split second, he saw the blood on his hands once more. After
everything that happened, he did his best to wash off the blood in the shadows behind his
house. It stuck to his hands, seeping into the cracks and creases of his skin and drying out
underneath his fingernails. He used the entire bottle of water to wash off his hands and even
then, the coppery scent still faintly lingered. He could only bitterly wish he had some hand
soap.
“You can’t save everyone.”
The sharper tone in Archer’s voice caught Ren by surprise as he glanced over. Though the
Servant remained stoic as usual, there was a faint pain and anguish in his steel-grey eyes.
“Save those you can, but accept when you can’t,” he admonished gently but firmly. “It’s
foolish to believe you can save everyone, even those around you. You will do all you can, but
that is the most anyone can ask of you – or you can ask yourself. I have no doubt you are
doing everything within your power, Ren Amamiya. Do not demand more.”
“I know,” Ren sighed. Those words from the red-mantled hero felt… personal, somehow. He
had no doubt the man had more than enough personal experience with what he had gone
through. The dream of him, with numerous swords impaled in his back as he stood among a
field of blades, smiling, still haunted his mind even after all this time. He knew better than to
doubt his words.
Archer watched as Ren seemingly began rubbing his hands together almost subconsciously,
lost in his thoughts. He was about to simply leave the conversation off when Ren spoke in a
whisper. “Blood is… surprisingly hard to wash off,” he murmured, staring at the ground.
The red-mantled hero stared down at Ren, his steel-grey eyes etched with concern and pity
for the Phantom Thief – and fledgling warrior. “Yes,” he agreed quietly. “Yes, it is.” Silent
once more, they both looked over the camp, the faint sounds of merriment from the Chaldean
section reaching their ears as the gloom further set in.
The quiet night, uncaring about the affairs of mortal people, passed once more.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the discord! You'll get
more than you can stomach.

https://discord.gg/hMjzRZge6q

Chapter 89: Risks
Chapter Summary

Sometimes, there's no option but the bad option.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The march had been uneventful overall. The URE had sent no interception forces nor had
they garrisoned almost any city or town past Massilia. In fact, all of them had been deserted,
even the villages. A few scouts and officers noted the presence of local tribes who had no
particular love for the Romans, but even they were absent. And it was the same as before in
each area: No signs of bloodshed, yet no supplies they could pilfer or utilize.
The silence had been concerning. It did not seem like the URE had given up. Rather, they
were simply consolidating their forces: the calm before the great storm. No small number
argued it might’ve been a trap, and yet Archer, Tamamo, Jing Ke, and even Loki could find
no hint of anyone or anything even attempting to set an ambush, even in the most ideal
locations. Even their supply caravans had been utterly unharried, the lighter carts and soldiers
able to catch up to the main forces and constantly refreshed their supplies, leaving them
surprisingly fresh for the assault.
Grass gave way to dust and dirt as they marched up a plateau as they approached the capital.
There were no outposts, not even a sign of any enemy scouts or lookouts surveying the area.
A few of the soldiers even gossiped among themselves, saying that their enemy had given up
– before being silenced by their officers to keep marching. The Servants had been extra
vigilant as Ren constantly used his Third Eye to scope out their surroundings for any details,
but they had found nothing.
Then as they approached, the URE capital spread before their eyes – and everyone stopped in
marvel. A wondrous city, almost a near replica of Rome in its full glory, stood proud and tall
on the plateau. The buildings were gleaming almost a golden sheen, like a city of the very
gods themselves. It was a far greater Rome than even the greatest heyday of the city, enough
to move even soldiers who had lived in Rome itself to tears.
Beyond the border of the city were buildings – enough that they ringed around the capital in a
city of its own. They were far less glorious, made with stone, clay, and mortar, and yet they
resembled much of the normal buildings they had seen in the cities before, and looked
recently constructed as well. Even the roads were paved and lined in a similar manner to
Rome.

However, what ultimately grabbed their attention was that unlike the cities before, it wasn’t
deserted. Far from it. There were URE archers posted on almost every single rooftop, with
more soldiers garrisoned within so they could easily rush out and surround whatever force
decides to invade. The streets themselves were heavily barricaded with rubble, rocks, and
wood – barriers that wouldn’t be easy to surmount with arrows raining down.
Furthermore, there were walls all around the main city – not so mighty that they couldn’t see
beyond, but enough that it was clear they wouldn’t be able to breach through without a
concentrated effort and siege machines, and taller than any of the structures before it. The
more keen-eyed among them saw yet more archers and soldiers posted on top of the walls as
well. Because of their positioning and postings, it was hard for anyone to garner an estimate
of how many soldiers occupied the city. And any count would be rendered moot as the Grail
within could simply create more.
In short, it seemed basically impregnable.
“Well… this is something,” Ritsu commented, at a minor loss for words.
“Indeed,” Nero replied gravely as she stared at the map the scouts had drawn, her command
tent filled with the Masters from Chaldea, various Servants, and her commanders as well.
They had camped themselves some distance away from the capital, nestled in a nearby
quarry. The mood in the camp had dampened considerably compared to the march, with the
officers keeping the men busy so they couldn’t discuss among themselves and bring morale
down even lower. Sentries kept a close eye on the URE capital in case they decided to sally
forth but so far, they held their positions.
“Even if we were at full strength, assailing such a city would be a herculean task,” Asisculus
mused as he stared hard at the enemy positions. “Normally, I would recommend dealing with
the surrounding cities and towns first before encircling the capital and sieging them with the
aim of starving them to surrender, but…”
“Not an option,” Joan growled. She had long since emphasized what kind of resources the
Grail could provide the city and as such, a siege wasn’t an option. “Do they have any holes in
their defenses or any way to sneak in?”
“I already have sent Jing Ke out to scout for that,” Nero replied. “And I presume you have
sent Loki to do the same, legate Amamiya?”
Ren nodded in answer. “I did,” he confirmed. “They’re still working their way through the
outer edges of the city right now but so far, they haven’t found a good way in – and even less
a way to easily breach the walls. They seem recently constructed and fortified too, so I’m not
sure if there’s any structural weaknesses we can take advantage of. I’m no engineer, of
course, but I doubt we can get any close enough to check for sure.”
Boudica massaged her eyes through closed eyelids. “And we can’t just march into the city,
not through that meat grinder,” she growled. “We’d lose almost all our men before we’d even
make it halfway to the main gates.”

“That’s why we have Lu Bu, Spartacus, and Joan,” Ritsu replied seriously, her arms crossed
as she stared down the map critically. “No matter how the URE forces are positioned or how
many of them there are, they can easily punch a hole right through the outer city. That being
said, reaching the gates is the easy part. There’s still actually getting in – and here we have
nothing to go off of. We don’t know the formation and positioning of the soldiers within,
where the Grail is being held, what kind of protections are in place both physically and
magecraft, and so on and so forth.”
“Then we have to wait for Jing Ke and Loki’s reports,” Morgana stated grimly. “And hope
there’s some good news from all of this.”
They discussed various strategies, debating and arguing the pros and cons with each one,
until Jing Ke and Loki both stepped into the tent. “Well, what news?” Nero asked. “I don’t
suppose either of you have found a secret path into the inner city?”
Jing Ke shook her head. “Unfortunately, it’s all about as fortified as you can get,” she replied
grimly. “There are soldiers positioned all throughout the entire outer city, with barricades and
traps to match. We’re not getting through it all without a concerted effort.”
“And as for the inner city, I dove into the Metaverse and took a look around,” Loki added.
Their expression surprisingly matched the seriousness of the situation as they crossed their
arms with a frown. “It’s almost a complete copy of Rome itself, except perhaps even more
grand to the point of gaudiness, if you ask me. That, of course…” They glanced toward Nero.
“Means there is an Imperial Palace there as well.”
“And that’s where Romulus is located?” Nero mused.
“And the Grail?” Ritsu added.
Loki shook their head. “I wasn’t about to leave the Metaverse if I can’t be sure the location is
safe in the real world in some way, shape, or form,” they groused. “But that would be my
closest bet.”
Ren took a deep breath. “So, first things first: how do we get in?” he muttered. “Honestly, as
Ritsu said, the outer city isn’t going to be a huge problem – Lu Bu, Spartacus, and Joan can
push right through to the walls and clear a path in the process. The problem is, however, once
we get there.”
Asisculus nodded. “Once we get to the wall, they can simply collapse around and pincer us,”
he agreed. Moving the pieces, he placed the lighter ones representing their own forces next to
the wall on the map and turned the surrounding darker pieces towards them. Indeed, it was
clear that they would be surrounded. “We would have to watch our flanks constantly,
especially since there’s more gates they can sally out from and reinforce themselves, and they
can easily cut off our retreat. It would be a death zone.”
“It’d draw a lot of attention though…” Morgana said slowly. The catlike being and Ren
looked at each other as the same plan dawned in both of their minds. However, instead of
their usual excitement, their countenances became even grimmer.

“Do you and Ren-senpai have an idea?” Mash inquired, looking over at them both.
Ren pressed his lips together. “We do,” he replied. “And I’m not gonna lie – it’s extremely
risky for everyone here. Hopefully, you guys can help iron things out or we can come up with
better options.”
“Your plans and gambits have yet to lead us astray,” Nero noted. Despite the difficult
situation, she had to smile as she recollected all the various stunts Ren pulled – and the
success that often followed. “What is your plan, Legate Amamiya?”
The Phantom Thief took a deep breath. “The forces here go for a head-on assault here,” he
explained. You guys make a huge amount of noise and make it seem like you’re not about to
retreat, grabbing everyone’s attention. Meanwhile…” He pointed to the now-empty space
where the dark pieces used to occupy, now surrounding the Roman pieces instead. “A small
team will go through the empty space here, scale a now deserted part of the wall, and then
strike at the Imperial Palace. Once we’ve taken out Romulus and have the Grail, then
everything will be resolved.”
Silence loomed over the tent once he finished. Finally, an officer spoke up. “That’s it?” he
hissed. “That’s your plan?! To send us on a suicidal charge while you and your lot infiltrate
the inner city, where we don’t know the size or positioning of the garrison, basically asking
us to pray that you’ll all succeed – assuming we don’t all die within the first half hour?”
“Mind your words,” Nero snapped, shooting a glare at the man. “You are addressing a
superior officer. Disrespect will not be tolerated. That being said…” She turned back to Ren,
her gaze critical. “We cannot dismiss his words. You are asking much from us, Legate, for
merely a chance of success. Let us check for other options first. Jing Ke, Loki. Are you not
able to defeat the Servant and retrieve the Grail yourselves?”
“Wouldn’t bet on it,” Jing Ke shot the idea down. “This is still technically part of the Roman
Empire, and Romulus has remodeled the capital to look like Rome, right? Not to mention
he’s, as you call him, ‘the holy progenitor’ of the Empire. Servants are granted more strength
if they are in their home territory and honestly, I’m not sure there’s better territory than if he
was in Rome itself at this point. I’m not even sure if the capital right now doesn’t count for
that.”
“And before you ask, my ability to cause a psychotic breakdown requires me to be rather
close to the target, as I said before,” Loki drawled. “I don’t know of Romulus’s capabilities,
but if he’s aware of what I can do or even has a suspicion, then most likely I will be cut down
before I can achieve anything of consequence. So in short, no, I don’t believe it is possible
with just the two of us.”
“And I take it we can’t just all scale the walls?” Morgana asked.
“Not unless we want to be turned into pincushions,” Boudica grumbled. “Those climbing the
walls would have no cover, making them easy pickings for the archers in the outer city. And
that’s presuming the soldiers on the walls simply don’t shove off any ladders or cut any
ropes. It would also mean further dividing our forces, allowing the URE soldiers to isolate
and pick us off more easily.”

“And siege engines?” Ritsu asked. “We got a good amount of lumber with us – can’t we
make a battering ram or catapults to break down the gate, or even make a siege tower to
provide cover for those scaling the walls?”
“Constructing siege engines takes time,” Archer pointed out. “Which is not on our side.
Every minute we stay here is another possibility of them simply moving out and meeting us
far from the city, where we have even more distance to fight for. I doubt they would stand
idly by while we are constructing something to help breach the walls – and that’s IF they can
be breached conventionally.”
Ritsu blinked. “Wait,” she said slowly, almost berating herself for not asking herself this
sooner. “Are those gates and walls reinforced? Can you and Tamamo break the gates?”
Archer hesitated as he played the scenario in his mind and glanced over at Tamamo.
“Perhaps,” he answered carefully. “But even if we don’t destroy it, such an action would be
tantamount to disturbing a wasp’s nest. They will most likely rush out to meet us in combat
as a result.”
Ritsu nodded fervently. “Right, right,” she muttered as she thought furiously. “But if we
combine this with Ren’s plan… I think… I think we can make it work.”
Nero blinked in surprise. “And what is your recourse then, Tribune Fujimaru?” she asked,
curious as to her plan now.
The redheaded Master nodded at her idol. “That we go with Ren’s plan,” she answered.
“Instead of charging up to the city, however, we force them to come to us. Once the city is
relatively emptied out, Ren and whoever he chooses will infiltrate the city while we hold out
here as long as we can. Still not a great plan, but it’s a better plan – at least we’re not
marching straight into the near-literal jaws of death.”
Everyone was silent as they considered the plan. “While not nearly as suicidal, we would still
be incredibly hard pressed,” Asisculus rumbled. “The capital is right there, after all. I have no
doubt they have a vast number of reserves to throw at us and simply overrun us before the
day is out.”
“We have Servants here,” Ritsu countered. “Each one worth at least a thousand of those
soldiers. Look, we can complain about this all day, but here are the facts: We can’t deplete
their numbers or their resources. We don’t have the time. We don’t have much of… well,
anything. Honestly, it’s a ‘Hail Mary’ at this point or nothing.”
“A ‘Hail Mary’?” Morgana asked as several people blinked in confusion.
“It’s a figure of speech or slang,” Mash informed them. “It means an incredibly risky or
audacious play in a sport – synonymous with an ‘all-or-nothing’ gamble, I believe.”
Nero huffed. “It certainly seems to be our only option,” the emperor grumbled, massaging her
temples to stifle her headache. “Who would you be taking with you for the infiltration then,
legate Amamiya?”

Ren considered, looking at everyone gathered within the tent. “Jing Ke and Loki goes
without saying,” he began. “They’re infiltration specialists and can help scout out enemy
positions and silently deal with any threats as we proceed. Can I count on you guys?”
Jing Ke grinned. “Entering enemy territory to deal with a ruler?” she asked rhetorically.
“Sounds like any other day. Bring some booze and count me in.”
Loki chuckled. “Your conditions have made it so I can’t exactly decline now, can I?” the
Avenger retorted. “However, consider my interest piqued. I’ll gladly come along.”
The Phantom Thief nodded, glad for their support. Next would be the frontline fighters. Lu
Bu and Spartacus frankly weren’t cut out for stealth and infiltration, not with their
proclivities. That left… “Joan, any fighting that has to be done will be thick and fierce,” he
continued, looking over at the incarnated Servant. “We’re gonna need your skills for that.
You in?”
Joan frowned but otherwise nodded. “I’ll do what I can,” she replied solemnly. Ren had to
smile. They both had come a long way since the beginning of the singularity. He didn’t think
she trusted him overmuch, but she trusted him enough to at least watch each other’s backs.
For now, that would be good enough. “You better not be excluding me, Joker,” Morgana
piped up, shooting a cautioning glare at Ren.
Ren in return grinned back down to his best friend. “Wouldn’t dream of it,” he replied easily.
“Good!” the catlike being declared with a satisfied nod.
“Before we continue,” Nero interjected, drawing everyone’s attention. “I must insist on one
point. Legate Amamiya, I will be accompanying you for this infiltration.”
There was a moment of shocked silence as the emperor’s declaration sank in. Then everyone
burst into protest all at once.
“Absolutely not, Imperator,” Asisculus roared. “This is enemy territory! We would not be
able to protect you if anything should go awry! Not that I do not trust legate Amamiya and
his legion at this point, but too often the fortunes of war go sour when least expected! I beg
you to reconsider!”
“Is this your selfishness at play, Nero?” Boudica snapped. “The United Roman Empire knows
you’re here and they’ll be looking for you! If you decide to go traipsing off, it’ll immediately
tip them off that there’s something else at play here! This isn’t the time to go grabbing the
spotlight for yourself, not unless you want everything you ever have and worked for to
crumble before your eyes!”
“ENOUGH!” Nero cried, her voice carrying over the loud protestations of her allies,
silencing them. “I do not doubt you all believe this to be a foolish act, and in many ways, I
agree. I should be with my people even unto the bitter end if need be. However, our enemy is
the holy progenitor himself! My claim, my prerogative as an emperor cannot yield to him! In
order to solidify my rule once more, in order for the future of the empire to be secure, I must
face him and prove, once and for all, that I am the rightful ruler of the Roman Empire!”

She took another deep breath. “And if the holy progenitor himself truly does believe that I am
unfit to rule,” the emperor added faintly. “Then at the very least, I wish to hear that for
myself. I refuse to be told so by anyone else but him. Otherwise, I refuse to yield, no matter
what words or forces may assail me. Is this my selfishness? Yes. But it is the selfishness of an
emperor, and of the Empire. One that I refuse to brook any compromises for.”
There was a moment of silence as everyone considered the emperor’s words. Nevertheless, it
was clear that only a few of them were convinced. Many others were considering their
counterarguments and were preparing themselves to launch into debate with the emperor
once more, out of loyalty or outrage. It would be the start of an argument that would last a
considerable length of time.
Suddenly, Ritsu, who had been staring contemplatively at Nero, abruptly walked toward her.
“Stand up for a second,” she ordered. The emperor, taken off guard by the brazenness of the
redhead, nevertheless stood up at her request, curious as to where this was going. The Master
looked her over carefully – she was easily a good half a head taller than her, but that wouldn’t
matter too much if they were careful about it. The emperor also had somewhat better
proportions, but again that wouldn’t matter too much in the long run. “Hm, yeah,” she
murmured. “I think I can make this work…”
“Er, what are you planning, Ritsu?” Morgana asked warily.
Ritsu turned back, her face serious. “I’ll take Nero’s place as her body double,” she stated
bluntly. “That way, if the URE are looking for Nero, they won’t suspect she left with you
guys. I was planning on staying here as boots on the ground for the Servants here anyway, so
we’ll knock out two birds with one stone.”
Once more, another shocked silence. Then again, protestations broke out. “Wha- no! No way!
Absolutely not!” Morgana screeched. “Do you realize what the heck you’re suggesting?!
That’s not just putting yourself in harm’s way, that’s practically tossing yourself in front of a
speeding train! We’re not allowing you to do that!”
“That is an incredibly reckless plan,” Tamamo admonished, shooting a glare at her Master as
her tail’s movements belied her anxiety. “The body doubles of nobles do not have long life
expectancies, and those of emperors even less so, especially in times of war. There are other
options available to us, such as Loki’s shapeshifting. I may even bear the guise of the
emperor myself if necessary or create an illusory double with a shikigami. To undertake such
a risk when it’s not necessary is folly. I must ask you to reconsider.”
“We can’t,” Ritsu replied flatly, shutting everyone down. “The enemy will be coming at us
thick and fast with everything they got. It’ll make the sieges at the pass and Massalia look
like nothing. There’s even a possibility there are more Servants either marching with them or
huddling within the capital, waiting for whoever breaks in. We don’t know, and frankly, we
can’t chance it. This kind of situation is an all-hands-on-deck kind of deal. Everyone –
especially the Servants – needs to be at their best if we wanna come out of this with any
chance of a win.”
The Master’s arguments once more silenced everyone as they rallied themselves for a
counterargument. They couldn’t deny her words – they needed every bit of power they could

get in order to make sure this battle would be a success. However, there was absolutely no
denying still just how much risk Ritsu was placing upon herself. It wasn’t a situation anyone
in Chaldea was comfortable with.
Before anyone could speak, however, Ren came forward, his unreadable grey eyes staring
directly into Ritsuka’s amber ones. “Are you sure about this?” he asked, his tone quiet yet it
carried throughout the entire tent.
Ritsu blinked, gulped, then steeled her expression as she nodded. “Yes, I am,” she stated.
Ren held her gaze for a second longer, watching for any signs of wavering, but found none.
Finally, he sighed, looked toward Nero – who had been watching everything play out with a
bemused expression – and simply nodded.
“Very well,” Nero declared quietly. “If that is your resolution, Tribune Ritsuka Fujimaru, then
I shall not deny it. Once more I thank you – all of you – for your bravery and loyalty. Once
we have succeeded here, I shall be sure to reward all of you to the absolute best of my ability.
But for now, I believe victory, as slim as it is, is within our reach. We will not falter, nor will
we lose. For Rome!”
“For Rome!” cried the officers.
With that, they all began discussing again the details of the defenses of the camp and the
infiltration. Throughout it all, Ren only stared at Ritsu as Mash worried glanced over at her.
The redhead still contributed to the conversation where she could – however, he knew it was
nothing more than a front. A mask.
A familiar situation.
The camp was a flurry of activity. There would be no time for rest, not with the plan set in
place. Tents were moved and shifted about in tandem with the creation of barriers to create
mazes and chokepoints. Layers of palisades were created shored up with piles of dirt, rock,
and rubble. Supplies were distributed and created as necessary as engineers put together
catapults and scorpions, placed either on the walls or on elevated locations while oils were
mixed and rocks were carved out.
Ren walked through the camp, moving aside for a troop of soldiers running by with
wheelbarrows full of rubble. They had all been discussing the plan for some time, trying to
make it as airtight as possible. Ritsu had excused herself early, saying she needed to contact
Da Vinci to prepare for her role, as well as to brief Chaldea on their plan. When she hadn’t
returned, Mash had also left the meeting to check up on her. Once the meeting was dismissed,
Morgana stayed behind to organize the Servants, leaving the Phantom Thief to follow up.
As he approached Ritsu’s tent, suddenly, Mash burst out, looking more anxious than usual.
She barely managed to stop herself from running to Ren as she looked up, blinking. “Rensenpai!” she cried in surprise. “Is the meeting over?”
“For now,” Ren answered. “What happened? Is Ritsu okay?”

Mash bit her lip anxiously. “Ritsu-senpai is…” she began before pausing. “She… she wanted
me to join you for your infiltration.”
That news caught him off guard. “What?” he spouted. “Why?”
The Shielder shook her head. “I think it’s better to ask Ritsu-senpai yourself, Ren-senpai,”
she murmured. “I do not believe she is currently doing well at the moment. She is in
considerable distress, though she is trying her best not to show it."
Ren frowned as he glanced at Ritsu’s tent. “Sounds about right,” he muttered. “Thanks for
letting me know, Mash. I’ll talk to her and see what I can do from here.”
“Should I come with you?” Mash asked innocently.
The Phantom Thief pondered for a second, then shook his head. “I think it’s better if I handle
this one by myself, Mash,” he declined. “But thanks for the offer. In the meantime, can you
find Morgana and let him know you’ll be joining the infiltration as well? We’ll need to
account for you in how we’re gonna go about things.”
Mash blinked in surprise, then nodded. “Of course, senpai,” she acknowledged. “And… good
luck.” Turning, she walked off to find the catlike being. Ren silently watched her leave before
she turned around a corner and vanished from view. She did her best, he didn’t doubt that.
But this was where he came in. Hopefully, he would be able to resolve matters.
Taking a deep breath, he mentally prepared himself before knocking on the tent pole.
“Ritsu?” he called out. “Mind if I come in?”
“Door’s open!” came her voice. With her permission granted, Ren stepped inside.
The tent was barren as usual. Ritsu herself was kneeling next to her sleep roll, seemingly
contemplating various pieces of fabric, frowning to herself. Then she immediately grabbed a
piece, folded it multiple times, and shoved it down her shirt, grunting as she adjusted it, then
looked at the results: an increased bust.
The entire display left Ren slightly nonplussed. “What… are you doing?” Ren asked slowly.
Ritsu glanced over. “Trying to increase my chest size,” she replied. “The emperor is a bit
more stacked than I am, and though I don’t think anyone’s really gonna notice this
underneath all the armor, it doesn’t hurt to make amply sure, just in case. ‘Amply’. Heh.” She
giggled at her own pun, though there was a definite note of unease beneath it. “Too lumpy,”
she finally grumbled as she pulled the fabric out.
“Anyway,” she continued, barely taking a breath as she proceeded to fold up another piece of
fabric in a different manner. “I just got off the call with Chaldea. As you expected, they
weren’t too happy with the plan either. Da Vinci and Artoria both gave me an earful for it.
But they both realized that honestly, there’s really no better plan or option here, what with the
Grail constantly pumping out soldiers and possibly Servants, so they’re on board with that. I
asked Da Vinci to work on a functional copy of Nero’s armor as well as a wig for me to wear.
Doesn’t need to be perfect but it’s Da Vinci we’re talking about. She’s a genius in everything

after all, so I have full confidence she’ll have something for me in no time. There’s also
another little surprise I asked of her, but you’ll see it soon enough.”
She snapped her fingers. “Ah, right, I’m not sure if Mash told you yet,” she continued. “But
she’ll be joining you for the infiltration instead of sticking around guarding me. It’s pretty
well known at this point, I think, that she’s designated to guard us, the Masters of Chaldea. If
she sticks around me when I’m supposed to be emperor Nero, then it’s gonna be all too
suspicious, so she’ll be going with you guys. Mash not being around is also probably gonna
be suspicious too, but they’ll probably notice it later than if she hung around. At least, that’s
the plan anyway-“
“Ritsuka,” Ren called out, his soft voice cutting through Ritsu’s non-stop rambling and
explanations. “How are you holding up?”
Ritsu blinked in surprise as her mouth hung open, trying to find an answer. She finally let out
a quiet laugh, the sound both sheepish and bitter. “I can’t get anything past a great Phantom
Thief, can I?” she commented rhetorically. She lifted both of her hands. “Feel them.”
Blinking at the sudden request, Ren stepped forward and grasped her hands – and they were
cold as ice, shaking in his grip.
“I’m scared, Ren,” she whispered. “So, so scared. It’ll be me on that battlefield, with a target
painted on my back. Those soldiers – all of them - will be gunning for me. I won’t have
anyone protecting me this time. Mash will be going with you. Boudica offered but I told her
it would be too suspicious to have her hanging so close to me, so she has to keep her distance
as well. There’s-there’s Nero’s bodyguards, but they’re loyal to her, not me, so I-I really don’t
know if they’ll actually protect me or not. And Nero’s not exactly known for being subtle so
it’s not l-like I can easily hide…”
“Do you want to stop this?” Ren asked as he gently grasped her hands, mentally willing his
warmth into her. “We can still have either Loki or Tamamo-“
“No,” Ritsu immediately shut down, shaking her head despite her trembling. “I meant what I
said. You’ll need everyone and at their best in order to succeed here. No ifs, ands, or buts.
And there’s really no other method, so I’ll bite the bullet and do it. Just… I just need to tough
it out until you guys succeed, and then we can all go back to Chaldea. We’ll probably have a
barrel of laughs at how ridiculous I look after this. Me, an emperor? Especially one as hot
and beautiful as Nero? I mean, come on!”
She laughed half-heartedly at the joke before dwindling back into silence. Ren meanwhile
said nothing, simply holding her hands a bit tighter. “But still, that doesn’t help with just
how… terrifying it all is,” she continued. “I can’t stop shaking. I can barely breathe. And I
constantly feel like I’m gonna throw up. It feels like when exams are coming up, only a
thousand times worse. And…”
Ritsu took a deep breath. “And… there’s a closet,” she whispered. “Where they keep the
belongings of… of those who didn’t make it. I can’t stop thinking, imagining, that my stuff
will end up there. An entire box – or several boxes full – of my stuff, like an unofficial grave
of mine.” She gave another half-hearted chuckle. “Heh. At least it’s robots packaging it all

up. Oh god, imagine if you and Morgana went through my stuff – I guess it’d be a mercy then
that I d-… that I d-…”
Ren clasped her hands together before wrapping his own around them tightly, causing the
redhead to look up in surprise. “We’ll make it through this,” he said confidently. “Together.
And you’ll come back to Chaldea with us, and we’ll all laugh about it after. That’s what you
promised, so that’s what will happen. And despite everyone having to keep their distance,
you know as well as I they’ll rush to your side as soon as you make the call. You’re important
to them and important to us too. It takes a lot of courage to make the call you did, and even
more so to put yourself at such risk. Everyone respects that and will keep you safe.”
The redhead blinked in surprise at Ren’s words. “Um…” she stammered, unsure what to say,
her mind muddling up a bit. “Am… Am I important to you too?”
The question caught Ren slightly off guard, but nevertheless he nodded and answered without
a shred of hesitation, “Without a doubt.”
Ritsu blinked again, then nodded, her breathing steadying somewhat. “That’s… that’s good to
hear,” she murmured. “Thanks for talking to me and, um, s-sorry for the trouble…”
“What trouble?” Ren asked with a small smile. “We all help each other out, don’t we? Just
know if you ever need help, then I’m always here, one way or another. We have your back,
Ritsu. Just like you have ours.”
The redhead smiled a bit. “Yeah, th-thanks,” she replied quietly. “Um… I know it’s a bad
time to ask, but could you-“
Ren didn’t let her finish her request or even hesitate. He pulled her into a hug, wrapping his
arms around her. The girl froze in surprise for a moment before hugging back in turn,
gripping his jacket tightly. Soon, he could feel her shoulders shaking slightly as her breathing
became ragged. Saying nothing, he only held her tighter, letting her release all her stress and
fear as she needed.
And before long, the plan would commence.

Chapter End Notes

If you guys have story or background lore questions, join the Discord! You'll get more
than you can stomach!
https://discord.com/invite/bKBAQqTxNZ

Chapter 90: Infiltration
Chapter Summary

Sneaking into a city? That's a Tuesday for Phantom Thieves.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“It seems you once more stand at the precipice, my dear guest.”
Ren chuckled as he stood before Igor once more. “Isn’t that always?” he remarked. “But
yeah. We’re going with this plan. Gutsy of Ritsu to take up such a role, so I thought it
wouldn’t be a good idea to let her down.”
Lavenza giggled. “Ritsuka Fujimaru is quite remarkable,” she noted. “She has bravery,
kindness, and openness in great amounts. She reminds me of you at times, my Trickster.”
“And a penchant for risky gambits,” Olga growled, her arms crossed. “While I agree there
aren’t many palatable options, throwing herself into the lion’s den so recklessly in such a
manner – especially when she doesn’t have any particular assurances or backup – would
jeopardize the mission. You best tell her off after this, Amamiya.”
The Phantom Thief frowned a bit. “Ritsu’s doing her best here,” he argued. “Yeah, you’re
right, it’s risky as hell, but if she thinks she can pull it off and that we can succeed, then all
we can do is make sure she’s right in the end. Besides, we’re not gonna let her come to harm.
You know that.”
Olga opened her mouth to retort, but seeing the steely determination in Ren’s eyes forestalled
any further arguments. Instead, she breathed an irritated sigh but otherwise made no further
comment.
Both Igor and Lavenza chuckled. “It is gratifying and reassuring to see such trust and care for
your connections, my dear guest,” the former commented. “Now, I did invite you to discuss a
particularly interesting matter. As you are aware, the Velvet Room is a place between dream
and reality, mind and matter. It relies much on human cognition to function. However,
because of the Incineration of Humanity, it has not been able to work at full capacity.”
Ren nodded as he listened carefully. Right. Many of the functions of the Velvet Room – from
creating items by executing personas to training them within solitary confinement, and even
something as fundamental as creating new personas by fusing two of them together – was
unavailable. It was fortunate that the Velvet Room still had the ability to draw forth his
personas from the Compendium, and that he had went out of his way to make sure it was
entirely filled before his time in Tokyo ended. So far, it had been enough to get by.

“However, with this time period on the precipice of the Age of Gods, we may have a way to
circumvent that quandary,” Igor continued as Ren listened with increased interest. “With an
item of great mystery, we can harness its potential and power the Velvet Room’s capabilities
temporarily.”
The Phantom Thief nodded in thought. Retrieve an item from the real world with a great
amount of mystery – which meant an item of significance - and use it to power up the Velvet
Room. “Sounds simple enough,” he replied. “Two questions: is one item enough to restore
the Velvet Room back up to full functionality, and how am I gonna drop off the item in
question?”
“When you discover and retrieve an item of great mystery,” Lavenza explained. “We will
form a drop-off receptacle within your vicinity. Simply deposit the item there and we shall
reserve it in the Velvet Room until you have need of it.”
“And the Velvet Room requires far more resources than you can imagine, Amamiya,” Olga
joined in. “Even if you find an item with significant mystery, the most it can do is power one
auxiliary function of the Velvet Room once. I’m trying to find some way to make the
conversion more efficient or at least possibly jumpstart them so they can work with at least
some functionality but for now, we cannot promise anything more.”
Ren blinked in surprise at the answers. So, he would drop off the item – whatever it would be
– at a location that they would expect him to know. And that item would be just enough to
use the Velvet Room’s other functions only once. He breathed out a sigh.
And grinned. “Better than nothing,” he replied simply. “If it’s only once, then I’ll have to
make it count. I don’t suppose you could do more if I brought more stuff in?”
Igor chuckled. “It is reassuring to see you are not daunted in the slightest, my dear guest,” he
commended. “But to answer your question, that might be the case. However, time is not your
ally. I do not recommend allowing greed to cloud your judgement, especially if you believe it
is for the greater good.”
The Phantom Thief stared at Igor. The Master of the Velvet Room’s face was unreadable. So
were Olga and Lavenza’s. Well, it was another thing he was used to. They helped as much as
they could, but that was it. They couldn’t – wouldn’t – fight his battles for him, no matter how
difficult it got. But their advice was always helpful, and if that’s what they cautioned him,
well, who was he to argue?
“Alright, one treasure it is,” he accepted. He turned to look at Olga. “Going to need to prep,
Olga. Can you help with that?”
The former director huffed in exasperation. “Don’t ask questions you already know the
answer to, Amamiya,” she grumbled as with a wave of her hand, a cell door opened into
nothingness. She stepped through and vanished, followed by Ren soon after. The door closed,
leaving only Igor and Lavenza in the main room once more.
“It seems things are about to reach a turning point, my Master,” Lavenza murmured.

“Yes they are, my dear Lavenza,” Igor agreed. “He will soon learn the allies around him are
far more beneficial to him than even he expects. It will truly be a spectacle to witness.”
As Lavenza smiled, a delighted chuckle echoed through the panopticon that formed the
current shape of the Velvet Room. The Trickster was truly one-of-a-kind.
The dark of night lay heavy upon the capital of the United Roman Empire’s capital. It would
only be an hour or so before dawn, which made the gloom all the more oppressive. Countless
torches had been lit as they always have been all around the city, the flames lighting up the
streets and the grandiose buildings that loomed above. Even if in the darkness with limited
light, the grandeur of the buildings still stood in magnificence, gleaming and glorious. A
testament to their might.
And it felt like yet another dagger to the heart of the Progenitor of Rome.
Romulus stared outside the window of the imperial palace, watching the shadows dance
among the flickering flames. Each flame highlighted another feature of the city while leaving
others in shadow, both dancing with each other and accentuating some other magnificent
piece of architecture. A play of light and darkness that was fascinating to watch for those who
had the eyes to see the beauty.
He would normally delight in such beauty, but it tasted like ash in his mouth. The whole
capital, just like all the soldiers stationed throughout, were all facsimiles and mockeries. They
looked like Rome and Roman soldiers, but they were not in the slightest. He sensed none of
the spirit of Roma within them. It was truly ironic – and he had a feeling that it was
deliberate.
Damn that mage. Ever since he had been summoned, he had been forced to play along in this
farce of a war, assaulting the glorious empire and bringing it to near ruin. He had done his
best to be as gentle as possible: He had convinced many of the cities and townspeople to
simply desert and flee wherever their heart desired. Many retreated to other parts of the
Roman empire, perhaps fleeing for their relatives or friends.
But to his surprise, many more had retreated towards him and his forces instead. Perhaps they
saw the radiance that was Roma even through these facsimiles and forced conquest? It
touched and hurt him how they could still glean the majesty of Roma, despite everything.
The refugees had been shepherded toward the capital, where they would come to the least
harm. They couldn’t all possibly fit into the city, but it was of little importance: He used the
mockeries to create the outer city for the refugees, ensuring their health, comfort, and future
prosperity. They were the children of Rome, after all. He must nurture their spirit, for their
spirit was that of Roma.
At least those mockeries had been useful for something, and witnessing the happiness and
relief of the citizens of the empire soothed his grieving heart, if only a little. And while it was
all a false city, it gave them some reprieve and hope before they could finally continue with
their lives. They were children of Roma, after all. Their spirits were strong. They would
survive as thrive, just as it always did.

Suddenly, a resounding explosion rang through the entire city, the shockwave reverberating
through the air and ground, causing him to look up in surprise. Are they truly resorting to
such destructive means? He was glad he had shepherded the refugees away to a neighboring
city, away from the capital and the path of Roman army. He knew even the inner city would
be under siege before long, and thus it wouldn’t be a refuge for them. Perhaps after
everything they have been through, such destructive methods were to be expected after all.
Then another arrow flew right through his window into the throne chamber and exploded. Or
more accurately, it became a miniature whirlwind that gusted throughout the room, scattering
cards through the air. Romulus frowned in bemusement before reaching up, easily snatching
a card from the howling wind, and read it. Moments later, a sound issued from the Imperial
Palace. One that had never been heard since the summoning of Romulus and since the
formation of the United Roman Empire.
Sonorous, booming laughter.
Ritsu watched as the dust settled from the explosion. The plan had been simple here: Archer
fired his explosive arrow at the gates as a friendly knock hello, followed by the missive arrow
directly into the Imperial Palace of the capital. There had been a rock formation nearby that
allowed the red-mantled hero to easily make the shots. Now they simply had to wait.
The redheaded shifted uncomfortably. The golden breastplate was a marvel of engineering,
per usual of Da Vinci’s work, but it was still rather suffocating. It certainly didn’t help that
she also wore her Roman armor underneath just in case. She had full trust in Da Vinci’s
workmanship, but it never hurt to have a bit more protection. The fact that there was room to
fit it in showed her genius as well.
Still, it was hot and suffocating. The helmet she wore didn’t especially do wonders either,
what with the blond wig on her head. Her vision, while still mostly free, was also restricted as
well, leading to a small sense of claustrophobia, exacerbated by the armor. Da Vinci said she
would’ve added some temperature regulation systems to the armor if she could, but even a
genius like her was pressed for time with creating everything.
And finally, the dress, which Da Vinci had been most proud of. It was made of surprisingly
light yet tough fabric, built to withstand the chafing of the armor and yet be breathable to
allow for better aeration – which was probably why she was merely sweating and
uncomfortably warm as opposed to cooking like a microwave dinner. It was also sized up to
allow her Master uniform underneath as well. It’s just as well – the Mystic Code was far too
useful to give up for anything.
But all in all, that meant she was wearing approximately four layers. Nero, in contrast, had
only worn two. No wonder she could handle this so much better.
Oh right. Then there was the greatsword. It was lighter than she expected, honestly, enough
that she could easily swing it, but not so light that it didn’t get tiresome after a while. It was
like carrying around that massive pick when she helped out in the orphanage’s garden. She
was happy to dig a hole with it when asked, but that didn’t mean she liked carrying it around
everywhere.

‘How’s it look, Archer?’ Ritsu asked, keeping her eyes on the destruction.
There was a moment of silence before he answered. “The gate and surrounding walls are in
ruins,” the red-mantled hero reported. “As well as many of the surrounding buildings,
primarily the outer city. It seems our worries that they are fortified were groundless. That
being said, they’re not moving yet. I’m guessing Romulus is deciding on his course of
action.”
“Any news?”
The whispered question from Asisculus caused Ritsu to jump a bit, thankfully landing on her
armored heeled grieves. Why the hell did Nero wear something so uncomfortable?
Thankfully, the dress and the armor hid most of her movements so no one noticed anything
out of the ordinary. “None yet, but keep on your guard,” she murmured. “They aren’t gonna
let this go unanswered.”
“As you say,” Asisculus agreed before marching off, barking similar orders to the rank and
file. Ritsu breathed a small sigh. The plan that she had taken Nero as a body double had only
been told to the senior officers as well as her bodyguards – both of whom were flanking her –
but no one else. So far, no one had been able to tell that Nero had been replaced.
One less butterfly in her stomach – out of probably thousands.
She glanced quickly about. Lu Bu and Spartacus were outside the camp, weapons in hand
and standing proudly. Boudica was off to the flank, ready to sally forth as necessary to
disrupt any flanking maneuvers. Astolfo was high above, almost unseeable, waiting for the
opportunity to swoop in. All around her, the soldiers were at their stations, ready and waiting.
All the supplies were on hand as necessary, and the catapults had been set up within the
camp, complete with wheels to rotate them. The camp fortifications had also been completed.
In short, they really couldn’t be more ready save perhaps having an actual fortress.
“Master, they’re coming. But their movements are…”
Ritsu immediately turned her attention back to the city. From the ruins came what looked to
be a gigantic mass. She expected them to resolve into their usual rectangular formations soon.
Any second… but instead, the black mass just flowed out of the gates and outer city.
“Archer…” she called out in growing alarm.
“They’re not creating any semblance of formations or even bothering with tactics,” Archer
rapidly reported. “They’re just outright swarming. Get ready, all of you!” He cut off the
communication and soon, arrows started raining down on the swarm, cutting down swathes
of soldiers, yet more replaced them and continued charging.
Asisculus rushed over to Ritsu. “What news?” he panted.
The redhead was about to shake her head, but remembered what role she was supposed to
play and kept her eyes steady. “They’re just swarming us,” she replied. “I don’t know why

they aren’t bothering to engage like a proper Roman army, it doesn’t matter. It’s not relevant.
Get everyone ready – it’s gonna be rough.”
The legate narrowed his eyes and nodded. “Ready yourselves!” he roared at the soldiers.
“The enemy has forgone all semblance of mocking Roman discipline and are charging at us
like beasts! Their might shall be ferocious, but we are greater than that – we are proud
soldiers of the Roman army! Thus, we shall cut these beasts down where they stand! Archers,
ready! Fire!”
A wave of arrows joined Archer’s as they soared through the air, cutting down even more
soldiers as they didn’t even bother lifting up their scutum shields to defend themselves. As
they approached, Lu Bu and Spartacus hefted their weapons and took their stances, roaring in
defiance as Boudica shot out in her chariot, running down a detachment that had separated
from the main host. The tide of soldiers was completely unbroken all the way back to the city
as more simply charged out.
Exactly as they had planned.
Alright, guys, the stage here is ours, Ritsu thought to herself. You’re up – and good luck.
Thus the final battle between the Romans and the United Roman Empire began – and the
path for the Chaldeans was opened.
Ren adjusted the grappling hook on his wrist to make sure it was strapped on securely. The
infiltration group had left late in the night, sticking to the darkness and shadows with what
little cover there was to reach one of the sides of the city, well away from the battle and
commotion. They had picked the north side as their infiltration route, close enough to the
attack that most of the soldiers there would most likely be funneled into the assault, but far
enough to not be discovered easily.
For now, they had ducked down behind another outcropping for rocks, out of sight, and
waited. The only light they had were the stars glittering in the sky and the crescent moon
shining high above. Once their eyes had adjusted to the dim light, it was surprisingly bright
enough for them to work with details, like the grappling hooks.
“Senpai, can you check if this is on correctly?”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise as Mash spoke up beside him, offering her wrist
where her own hook was attached. With a small, affirming smile, he began making sure
everything was strapped in place and the wire had no issues. “Nervous, Mash?” he asked
quietly as he worked.
Mash blinked, then nodded sheepishly. “Somewhat,” she admitted. “We are entering into the
heart of enemy territory, after all, one we haven’t been able to perform proper reconnaissance
or even map out the territory. I’m sure with your and Morgana-senpai’s leadership we will
pull through, but I’m still a bit nervous about the situation.” She glanced up at Ren. “What
about you, senpai?” she asked curiously. “Are you nervous?”

Chuckling, Ren nodded. “Yep,” he admitted easily. “I’m always nervous right before
moments like these. Lot of things that can go wrong before, during, and after. But in the end,
there’s nothing to do but to take the plunge, and it’ll be over before you know it. Honestly,
the nervousness in the end is just part of the fun. And when you think of it that way, it’s a lot
easier to accept and manage.” He made a final adjustment and nodded in satisfaction.
“There,” he stated. “Da Vinci’s work is immaculate as always.”
“Ren speaks the truth about nervousness, auxiliary Kyrielight.”
They both turned to Nero, who was getting up with Joan from where Morgana had been
fastening their own grappling hooks and instructing them on how to properly utilize them.
Instead of her usual regalia, she was dressed in standard Roman soldier armor – iron scale
armor ending with a red leather skirt and sandals, topped with an iron helmet with no plume
or decoration. Underneath she wore a rough tunic. Her forearms and legs were exposed, but
their usual flawlessness was obscured by a layer of dirt she had rubbed on them before setting
out. Instead of her usual greatsword, she carried a scutum and gladius as befits a soldier of
Rome.
And yet all that did little to diminish her beauty, especially as she gazed at them with her
determined, emerald-green eyes.
“I have felt much of the same nervousness myself when taking the office of emperor,” she
recalled. “And before I have stepped foot on stage for one of my masterpieces in the theater.
It is the nervousness of one called to action. As Ren said, it is quite natural, and accepting it
is but part of the charm of it all. Ah, what a thrilling play this would be once pen is
committed to papyrus!”
Ren smiled nervously as he remembered Nero’s ‘talent’ back when they spoke to each other
in Rome, then smiled more warmly toward Mash. “As Nero says,” he agreed. “It’s all part of
the process. And don’t worry – we’re with you as well. So give it all you got, Mash.”
The Shielder blinked, then nodded, a resolute expression on her face. “I’ll do my best,
senpai!” she declared. Ren grinned in response.
‘They’re marching out,’ came Archer’s mental communication, grabbing Ren’s attention.
‘You should set out soon.’
‘Got it. Thanks, Archer,’ the Phantom Thief replied. ‘Loki? How are things on your end?’
‘A few stragglers in the outer city,’ the Avenger drawled. ‘We’ll deal with the overwatch. I
suggest hurrying before anyone catches sight of you.’
Ren nodded as he turned to the infiltration team. Aside from Jing Ke, Loki, and Joan, they
had also brought along Medusa, Tamamo, and Tamamo Cat. At first, they had been wary of
bringing the latter two along together but so far, they simply chose to ignore each other rather
than engage in hostilities. “Alright guys,” Ren murmured. “It’s showtime. Tamamo?”
Tamamo nodded. Holding up a talisman, she tossed it above them and created a barrier
around them, shifting the surrounding light. It wasn’t complete invisibility, but it distorted

their appearance enough that it would be difficult to place them unless someone was directly
looking and was trying to find them. Under the darkness of night and with the light distortion,
any sentries or passersby would be hard pressed to spot them.
Once that was done, they quickly moved out, crossing the plain that separated them from the
outer city. The raucous din of the battle was audible even from where they were. Ren was
tempted to contact Archer for an update but shook his head. If it was something serious or
required his attention, the red-mantled hero would have contacted him already.
Thanks to their cloaked approach, the infiltration team reached the outer city without issues.
As they approached, they spotted a soldier stationed at a barrier on the main road. Changing
direction, the group quickly moved behind a building, out of sight. ‘Loki, we’re right outside
the city,’ he reported. ‘Where are you?’
‘Busy,’ they replied. ‘Jing Ke should be en route. She’ll be able to help you out.’
if on cue, Jing Ke appeared out of nowhere. Both Ren and Morgana merely blinked while
Mash held a hand to her chest from the surprise. “You guys made good time,” she
commended. “Follow me closely. There’re only a few soldiers, but we can’t be careless.”
She glanced over at the Servants and nodded to them. “You guys should probably enter your
spirit forms,” she suggested. “The less people that have a physical presence here, the better.”
Ren frowned slightly but turned to the others regardless and nodded. What she said made
sense – more people meant more chances to get caught. This wasn’t the Metaverse where
hiding was frankly an almost laughable matter. Here, they had to be careful or the whole plan
would be blown. Acknowledging their wishes, Medusa, Tamamo, and Tamamo Cat vanished,
leaving Ren, Morgana, Mash, and Joan.
Once that was done, they followed her lead. Ducking behind a narrow alley, they bypassed
the main road and popped out into a back street. They kept moving, stopping occasionally to
allow a patrol to march past them. While Ren and Morgana were able to easily follow Jing
Ke like her shadow, Mash, Nero, and Joan had a harder time. They had to occasionally stop
and wait for them to catch up, keeping a lookout just in case.
“A shame they don’t have any supply carts moving in,” Jing Ke murmured quietly, seemingly
talking more to herself than anything.
“Guess that’d be an easier way to get in?” Ren asked with a wry grin.
The Assassin let out a low chuckle as she peeked out from behind a corner to check for
anyone nearby. “One of the easiest ways,” she agreed. “If you have the friends or
connections, you can get yourself hauled in with a trick box or barrel and cart. Sometimes,
it’s even as easy as storing yourself in an actual barrel or a cart full of food or hay, but the
larger cities always inspect the carts before letting them in. There’s still other ways of
sneaking in, of course, but none as convenient.”
“Huh,” Morgana muttered as they crossed a larger street after making sure the coast was
clear. “I’m guessing you know almost every method then.”

“Not all, but most,” Jing Ke acknowledged. She glanced over at Morgana with a smirk. “If I
could shapeshift like you into a cat, almost every infiltration would be a breeze,” she noted.
The catlike being blinked in surprise before giving a resigned sigh. “Yeah, being a cat does
have its advantages, I guess,” he reluctantly admitted. While he long ago accepted that he
was a cat, that didn’t mean he liked having it rubbed in his face, no matter how many times
he called himself the most awesome cat ever. And besides, she did have a point – back in
Tokyo and even when they first arrived in this singularity, his cat form had proven incredibly
useful for intel gathering and monitoring.
At an L-bend, as they were about to turn, Jing Ke held up a hand and stopped their progress.
She put a finger to her lip, turned, and vanished. Peeking around a corner, Ren saw a soldier
marching down the alley in their direction. A split second later, the Assassin appeared behind
it and drove a dagger into its throat. As the soldier collapsed, she grabbed the body and
picked it up, the ducked behind a building. A moment later she reappeared, sans soldier, and
beckoned to the group.
“Quick work,” Ren commented as they caught up, glancing at the building where she had
deposited the body.
“Lots of practice,” Jing Ke replied simply with a grin.
Before long, they were at the foot of the wall. Jing Ke had vanished as they approached to
scout ahead. The battlements loomed high above them, though they were unable to see if
there was anyone patrolling on the battlements thanks to their angle. Ren reached out to Loki
once more. ‘Can you guys take out the sentries on the wall above us?’ he asked.
‘Not possible,’ Loki flatly reported back, bemused. ‘There’s a lot of soldiers on the
battlements here and they seem more aware than usual. If any of them vanish, it might alert
the rest. There are also even more soldiers within the inner city itself. I’m not sure if the plan
has failed, Romulus or Lev have taken absolutely no chances, or they just have way more
soldiers than any of us have anticipated. Infiltration will be a lot more difficult than we
expected.”
Ren blinked in surprise, then contacted Archer. ‘Archer, how’s the camp?’ he asked.
‘Still under attack, but within expectations,’ the red-mantled hero replied. ‘They haven’t
slackened off or increased if that’s what you’re asking. Why?’
‘There’s still a considerable garrison within the capital,’ Ren responded. ‘Thanks, Archer. I’ll
update you if anything changes.’
‘Of course, Master.’
He turned back to the inquiring gazes of the others and explained the situation as the Servants
reappeared. “So far, there’s no indication our plan has failed,” he said. “But it’s gonna be a lot
more difficult than we expected. We can either head back or press on, unless someone has
another idea.”

Medusa frowned slightly. “Perhaps it would’ve been wiser to simply fly in on either my
Pegasus or Astolfo’s hippogriff,’ she murmured.
“Then they would see us coming from kilometers away,” Joan huffed. “And if we flew high
enough to conceal ourselves, we’d be risking the safety of our Masters. Much as I hate to say
it, this is still our best option short of tunneling underneath, which we don’t have time for.”
Ren looked to the others to see if they had any suggestions, but no one replied. He took a
deep breath, then nodded. ‘Loki,’ he reported. ‘We’re going to press on. Can you locate gaps
in their line and see if there’s somewhere we can sneak through?’
There was silence for a moment. Then Loki replied, ‘Jing Ke found something. Head to your
left about twenty meters or so. Keep your heads down just in case.’
The Phantom Thief nodded. With a gesture, he quickly began leading the infiltration group in
the direction Loki advised. They stopped once they were there. It didn’t seem any different
than the spot they were just at. ‘What now?’ Ren asked.
‘The sentries here leave a gap in their line here,’ Loki explained. ‘Reel up and stand by. I’ll
let you know when it’s safe to cross. You’ll wanna get to ground level as soon as you can.’
Ren nodded grimly and relayed the situation to the others. Ren, Joan, and Mash took a few
steps back from the wall as the Servants vanished once more.. While Morgana hopped up on
Ren, the three took aim and fired their grappling hooks. They all hit their mark, rapidly
reeling them up the wall to the battlements. And there they waited, dangling like fish on
hooks. Glancing back, they could only hope that none of the soldiers in the outer city had the
wherewithal to look up.
‘Gap,’ Loki hissed. ‘Go!’
With a nod and gesture, all three of them quickly clambered up the battlements. Ren was the
fastest thanks to long experience despite physically being the weakest, followed by Joan.
Mash almost climbed up – then slipped with a squeak and almost fell off, only to be caught
by the wrist by the Phantom Thief just in time.
‘Shit, they’re coming back,’ the trickster god snarled. ‘Get moving, damnit!’
“Go,” Ren hissed to Joan, Nero, and Morgana. All of them hesitated for a second, then they
leaped off the wall into the inner city below. With a grunt, Ren pulled Mash up to the
battlements – just for a soldier to appear in view on each side. Scowling, he glanced over at
Mash and they both nodded to each other.
Pulling out his knife, Ren charged at one soldier and thrust the blade into its chest, easily
piercing through armor and flesh. The soldier froze then collapsed, with Ren managing to
catch him in time before he could clatter to the ground. Meanwhile, Mash snatched up a
decent sized piece of rubble that had been laying on the battlements and flung it straight at
the other soldier. Darting straight and true, it punched a hole right through its armor and
chest. The Shielder dashed forward and caught the soldier as well in turn.

‘More coming!’ Loki cautioned. ‘Get off the walls! And do something about those bodies!’
Ren scowled once more before glancing back at Mash, who met his gaze. He nodded to her,
wrapped his arms tight around the corpse, and jumped off the battlements. Releasing the
body in midfall, he quickly fiddled with his grappling hook. It was going to be close, and the
momentum meant he was going to have a hard collision with some wall, butJust as Ren was about to use the grappling hook, he was suddenly blasted through the air by
something and felt arms wrapping around him. The next moment, he crashed and slid against
the ground, stopping once they hit a wall – though it was clear he landed on something far
softer than he expected.
“Are you alright, senpai?”
He glanced up and saw Mash looking in concern – and quickly realized she had caught him
and used her own body to shield his fall. “Yeah. Sorry for the trouble, Mash,” he apologized
as he got up, offering her a hand. “Are you hurt? Do you need healing or anything?”
Mash shook her head, trying to suppress the warmth in her face. “I’m okay, senpai,” she
reassured him as she took his hand and he helped her up. “But thank you for your concern.
Where are Joan, Nero, and Morgana-senpai?”
“This way, legate! Auxiliary!”
Hearing the hissed reply, they both turned to see Nero peeking from behind a corner of an
alley, hurriedly beckoning them over as Joan kept watch for anyone approaching. The two of
them quickly rejoined the others, Mash looking over her shoulder to make sure they weren’t
followed. The sentries on the walls didn’t seem to have noticed their intrusion, still sticking
to their patrol routes.
Moving down the alley, they found Loki perched up above them, as well as Morgana who
pointed towards an open door. The five of them quickly went in and shut the door behind
them as Jing Ke appeared as well. They paused, listening for any sounds outside in case they
were followed. At the silence that followed, all of them breathed a sigh of relief. Once they
caught their breath, Ren took stock of where they had settled in.
The building they entered was a one-story affair. It wasn’t the largest – in fact, it was
somewhat cramped – but they had a clear view of the alleyway in case anyone was outside,
and a side door if they needed a quick escape. It was also fully furnished and unlike the cities
they had seen before, it was clear someone had lived here – cloth draped over furniture with
scrolls laying about. The furniture lay slightly askew as if they had been regularly moved. A
doll had been set on a nearby counter.
“You caught me really quickly, Mash,” Ren noted as he grinned at the demi-Servant. “How’d
you mange that?”
Mash blinked in surprise, then scratched her cheek sheepishly. “I followed your lead, Rensenpai,” she explained quietly. “After jumping off the battlements and releasing the body, I
saw that you were awfully close to the ground, so I summoned my shield to move toward you

and catch you. I’m sorry if that was unnecessary – you seemed to have the situation well in
hand.”
Ren shook his head. “Maybe,” he admitted. “But even if I fired my grappling hook, it
would’ve been a pretty hard crash against a wall if it wasn’t the ground. So thanks, Mash.
That was amazing.” Now that he thought about it, falling from the wall to the ground
would’ve taken about… three or four seconds? So in that time, Mash summoned her shield,
calculated the trajectory, blasted toward him, and caught him in midair.
He could only shake his head as he imagined it. Mash truly was amazing.
“A truly amazing city from what little I see,” Nero commented as she looked around the
home, her face pensive. “It truly feels like Rome in its full glory. It’s why I aspire my own
Rome to be. I shall have to be observant as we push on.”
Ren shifted his head slightly. “But…?” he asked, sensing an underlying address.
The emperor shook her head. “It feels ephemeral,” she concluded with a sigh. “Like a dream.
A glorious dream, yes, but a dream, nevertheless. And dreams vanish when the sleeper
wakes, never to be seen again. Ah, it is a pity. But I suppose that’s why I love my own capital
and people so much – they are imperfect, but because of that they are perfect in their own
right.”
“Sorry for interrupting your pondering, but we should focus back on the matter at hand,”
Morgana cut in. He turned towards Jing Ke. “What have you found?” he inquired.
The Assassin shook her head. “Soldiers everywhere,” she replied tersely. “They’re occupying
the buildings, sentries on rooftops, and patrols in the streets. This feels like a fully occupied
city rather than-“
She froze, then ducked down, motioning the others to follow her lead. Everyone else
immediately ducked, with Ren and Morgana immediately moving underneath the windows
with their ears open. The sounds of soldiers marching began growing louder and louder
outside as they approached. As everyone held their breath, they watched the shadows of the
soldiers move by… and continue moving, their marching now steadily becoming fainter and
quieter.
Morgana peeked out the window after transforming into his cat form. “All clear,” he quietly
called out.
They once more stood up, breathing a sigh of relief. “Yeah, like that,” Jing Ke acknowledged,
nodding towards the window. “It’s not going to be a straight shot to the imperial palace,
unless you guys want to attract every single sentry and patrol.”
Ren frowned as he considered his options. “How open are the rooftops?” he asked.
“Very,” Loki replied, crossing their arms. “Clear sightlines all around. Any sentries would see
us moving for kilometers around.”

The Phantom Thief nodded. “Caster?” he called out. At the mention, Tamamo appeared in a
shower of golden light. “Is there any magecraft around or traps we might trigger?”
Tamamo frowned as she brought out a talisman, held it up… and it remained inert and limp.
“None that I can detect, Master,” she reported. “It could be that there’s none, but there
remains the possibility of a Caster being summoned with far greater capabilities than mine.
They would be able to obfuscate my own mysteries. However, there are precious few Casters
who are capable of such a feat. If they have been summoned, then I do believe we have far
more pressing concerns.”
“Then perhaps the sewers?” Mash innocently suggested. “I do recall Rome having built an
extensive sewer system underneath.”
There was a considerable pause at the Shielder’s suggestion. Nero cleared her throat. “While
that is an option, auxiliary,” she explained carefully. “It is unclear if there are soldiers
stationed down there as well. And if there are, we might be too… incapacitated to fight them
properly. It is a good suggestion however, as the sewers are spread all throughout the capital.
We shall keep it as a last resort if every other path fails us.”
Mash blinked, then nodded in agreement. “O-of course, your majesty,” she replied. That was
true – she hadn’t accounted for the smell and disgust possibly rendering them incapable of
fighting properly. Unfortunately, gas masks weren’t among the supplies she had brought with
her, nor had she requisitioned any from their last resupply. Berating herself silently, she
forced herself to remember to have some on hand from now on, especially when their
environment demanded them.
Ren crossed his arms. “If the streets and rooftops are both inaccessible,” he mused. “What
about inside the buildings?”
Mash blinked. “What do you mean, senpai?” she asked.
“The buildings here are closely packed together,” he explained. “And we have grappling
hooks. We can cross from building to building here with limited exposure. We’ll need to be
careful none of the sentries look across and see us, but otherwise, we should be able to get
across.”
“Jing Ke mentioned there are still soldiers in the buildings though,” Joan pointed out.
“There’s still a chance we’ll get caught.”
“Maybe, but they’re less likely to alert others if we take care of them indoors than out in the
open,” Morgana retorted. “Besides, we don’t have many other options here.”
Nodding, Ren glanced up. “Sounds like we have a plan,” he concluded. “Jing Ke, Loki. Can
you two map out a path we can take through the buildings to reach the Imperial Palace?”
The Assassin and the Avenger nodded. “Right across from us, actually,” the former pointed
out with a smirk. “We can get to the second floor and start from there. Hope you guys don’t
mind jumping a lot though.”

Morgana grinned. “Who do you think we are?” he demanded. “Come on, let’s go!”
And thus, the group moved out, their new path set. The Imperial Palace was now within their
reach.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.com/invite/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 91: Confrontation
Chapter Summary

The enemy is right in front of them.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Where are we at?” Ren asked as he gently lowered a soldier to the floor, a knife wound clear
on its chest.
“A couple blocks out,” Jing Ke replied casually as she glanced out a window. Across the
street on a roof was a sentry that could easily spot them if they crossed to another building –
and was quickly killed by Loki, who vanished as soon as they had appeared. They were
dressed in their dark blue and black Phantom Thief regalia, which aided them greatly in
blending in with the pre-dawn darkness. The skies were slowly growing brighter, however, as
the sun approached the horizon. “We’re making good time.”
Morgana chuckled as he hopped back on Ren’s shoulder in preparation. “We’re old hats at
this sort of thing,” he boasted lightly. “Honestly, I’ve almost mistaken this for a Palace heist
once or twice while we’ve been here.”
Mash blinked in surprise. “Most of your heists were like this?” she asked out of curiosity,
firing her grappling hook with the others and swinging to another ledge, out of sight of the
windows and any sentries. She was thankful the mechanism had been easy to learn and
incredibly reliable despite their seemingly frail design. She would need to compliment Da
Vinci once she arrived back at Chaldea.
“Not precisely,” Ren admitted as he slipped in through the window, making sure to check the
corners for any sentries as well as listening to any footsteps. “But taking more obscure routes
while dealing with any enemies in our way, as well as getting creative? That’s basically heists
in a nutshell.” With the coast clear, he waved in the others to enter as Jing Ke moved to scout
the path ahead.
Joan scowled but otherwise didn’t say anything. She didn’t have any experience with such
heists personally, merely as the target of one. It wasn’t a pleasant realization or thought in the
slightest. That was one among the many things she would have to speak to Ren about once
they were done with this singularity. While she wasn’t exactly looking forward to hearing
what her own Palace was like, she at least wanted a complete picture of precisely what he
dealt with before making her own judgement.
Footsteps behind her immediately drew her attention. Moving before anyone else could react
or say anything, she summoned her sword to her hand, charged, and impaled a soldier right

through the chest just as it appeared at a doorway. She didn’t move, listening for anyone else
coming up the stairs in their direction, her own heartbeat almost muffling any other sound. To
her relief, there was none.
At the commotion, the others turned toward her in surprise. Nero grinned. “Excellent work,
auxiliary Joan!” she chirped.
The Lancer merely scowled as she lowered the body to the floor, making sure the mass and
the armor didn’t make a sound. “We should pick up the pace,” she growled. “The longer
we’re here, the more likely someone’s gonna discover the bodies and sound the alarm.” As
much as they tried to hide the bodies, their disposal hadn’t always been possible. Tamamo
could’ve burned the bodies cleanly, but it would still take a minute or two – time enough for
another soldier or a patrol to come across them. In the end, all they could do was hide the
bodies as best they could – including dumping them out the window into an alley if the
circumstances allowed – and continuing on.
“We’re moving as fast as we can,” Ren explained patiently. “We can’t rush it or we’re gonna
run straight into soldiers. I get your concern, Joan, but we’ll get through this.”
Morgana’s ears suddenly perked up as he whirled around. “Everybody down!” he hissed.
Immediately, everyone dropped flat on the floor as he perched on a windowsill, acting as
innocuously as possible. None of them dared to even so much as breathe as they waited. Ren
meanwhile pressed his ear to the floor, listening for any sounds of movements or anything
amiss. Seconds passed like years as they all stayed there, restraining themselves from even
twitching. Finally, Morgana called out, “They’re gone!”
Everyone quietly got back up with a sigh. Ren glanced over to Morgana. “Soldiers?”
The catlike being nodded grimly. “Yep,” he confirmed. “I heard them coming up from the
building behind us. They passed without stopping though. I don’t think they noticed the
bodies. Joan’s right – we should probably pick up the pace. Though again, we shouldn’t rush
it – we can’t afford to be reckless.”
“’I have heard of clumsy haste, but never has slowness been associated with skill,’” Jing Ke
recited as she reappeared next to them with a grin. This time, her reappearance barely stirred
the group despite their high nerves. “If it helps any, we’re almost there. The next few
buildings are deserted, thankfully, so we should be able to make our way through quickly.”
Ren nodded in acknowledgement, then turned to the others. “Keep low and out of sight
lines,” he murmured. “Let’s move.” Everyone nodded, readied their grappling hooks, and
continued with their mission. Daylight would soon break. They didn’t have much time left.
A block or two later, they were overlooking the Imperial Palace. Situated on a hill, it was
surrounded by a wall that encircled the grounds, with soldiers patrolling the main street. It
was difficult to see within, though there was no doubt that there would be guards there as
well. With all they could see, it was clear the trouble was simply entering the grounds to
begin with. “And here’s the hard part,” Jing Ke grumbled.

Ren frowned slightly. Already, multiple plans were forming in his head when suddenly, Nero
spoke up. “As I recall, there is a back tunnel,” she murmured, her eyes closed in recollection.
“I had used it once or twice during times when I did not wish for undue attention or
adulation. It opened into an empty storehouse located in a deserted alleyway. It is only known
to the emperor – even our Praetorian guard are not privy to it.”
Everyone simply blinked in surprise and looked at each other before turning back to Nero.
“Well in that case, mind leading the way, Nero?” Ren asked with a wry grin.
Nero grinned back in turn. “Umu, naturally,” she agreed. “Do follow closely.”
Following the emperor’s lead, they circled around the hill, grappling across streets and
leaping between buildings. As they moved, the buildings became more and more compact,
with narrower streets and smaller rooms. Ren glanced out the window to check their
surroundings. There weren’t as many patrols in the area, and any that were present had their
sightlines heavily limited thanks to the sheer number of buildings in the way. They wouldn’t
be spotted easily so long as they were vigilant.
Finally, they reached a particular building in the area and began descending, moving carefully
to not alert any soldiers within if there were any. Stopping at the bottom floor, Nero peeked
out of the doorway to look out for incoming patrols. Seeing none, they stepped out into a
narrow alleyway among a labyrinth of alleyways. Walking a door or two down, she stopped
at an innocuous looking building and tried to open the door – only for it to remain shut. The
emperor frowned in consternation. “Locked,” she growled. “And I did not think to bear the
key with me during this campaign. A foolish oversight of mine.”
Suddenly, the door opened from within, revealing Loki who simply smirked. “We do have
our advantages,” they simply said to their unasked question before bowing aside.
They stepped into the building as Loki closed the door behind them. It looked to be a
storeroom of sorts, filled to the brim with crates and barrels. Nero scanned the room as
navigated past them to the back. With her guidance and the help of Mash, they moved aside
the containers until one short box remained, sitting innocuously against the wall. They
opened the lid, only to reveal nothing but an empty interior
“Now, if I recall correctly…” Nero murmured to herself as she felt around the box. Suddenly,
her thumbs sank as they pressed against a pair of hidden buttons in the front. There was a
click, and the wooden floor of the box came loose. With a push, it slid aside, revealing a
staircase down into a narrow underground passageway.
Everyone’s eyes widened. As Nero had said, there was indeed a secret passage into the
imperial palace, one that only an emperor of Rome would know. Ren grinned. “Nice!” he
commended. “With this we can definitely get in without being spotted. But for now…” He
turned to the others. “We’ll stop here for a bit,” he declared. “We could use the break.”
Joan frowned. “You sure we have enough time for that?” she asked skeptically.
“Resting and catching our breath is just as necessary as making progress,” Morgana piped up.
“Besides, it’s not like we won’t make productive use of it.”

The Lancer stared at them once more before letting out a quiet huff. She leaned up against a
crate without further argument, took out a book, and began reading despite the low lighting.
Nero meanwhile sat down heavily on a crate with a sigh. She took off her helmet, revealing
her disheveled golden hair thanks to the headgear. As she brushed the stray strands back into
place, Mash took out water bottles from behind her shield and passed one to the group.
“Thanks Mash,” Ren said as she handed him one.
“You’re welcome, senpai,” Mash replied, beaming as she sat down beside Ren while
Morgana sat down on the other side of him. As they quietly sat and collected their thoughts,
the Phantom Thief glanced at the emperor. “Something up?”
The emperor glanced up in surprise. “What was that, legate?” she asked, blinking.
“You have something on your mind,” Ren replied as everyone tuned in to the conversation.
“Is it something we should be concerned about?”
Nero blinked for a second, then chuckled quietly. “You are perceptive as always, legate,” she
murmured. She glanced at the passageway. “The imperial palace is within reach, and within
we shall reach the commanders behind this entire war. I have no doubt this is the fault of the
mage, Lev Lainur, for summoning these figures of antiquity to fight and erode my empire,
threatening its safety and prosperity. I will gladly put him to the sword. However, the Holy
Progenitor shall also be present as our enemy.”
“And you’re worried about that?” Morgana asked in curiosity.
The emperor sighed in response. “I will not lie and say the thought does not intimidate me,”
she admitted. “However, that merely means more than ever that I cannot afford to waver. As
the Rose of Olympia, I must stand before him and receive his judgement – and defy it if need
be. It is my prerogative as the emperor, and I will not yield that privilege and responsibility to
anyone.”
“You sound pretty sure of yourself,” Joan commented with a frown.
The emperor grinned. “That, too, is the prerogative of an emperor,” she simply responded.
The Lancer could only scoff at the answer and went back down to reading while Mash simply
observed the emperor with widened eyes. “Now, I believe that is enough of a reprieve. The
passageway opens into a storeroom that is close to the main building. Let us proceed.”
Ren blinked in surprise at Nero’s quick recovery and simply smiled with a small shake of his
head. “Good point,” he agreed as he stood up, followed by the others. “I think we took a long
enough of a break. Nero, this is your home – lead on.”
With a nod, Nero proudly stepped forward and descended into the passageway, followed by
Ren, Morgana, Mash, and finally Joan, who carefully closed the lid of the box and slid the
panel shut behind them. There was a faint click, and the entrance was sealed from any
inquiring eyes outside once more.

They shuffled in silence. The passageway was cramped – wide enough for them to barely
move through single-file, and musty. Low burning candles were hung in wide intervals,
barely casting enough light. They were more akin to markers for the passageway as opposed
to any actual decent lighting. Their footsteps echoed despite their best efforts, each sound
sparking worries of discovery on either end.
After what seemed like eternity, they finally stopped at what seemed to be a dead end,
blocked off by a wooden wall. With the help of a flashlight, Nero pressed two buttons on the
sides of the wall, and the wall slid open into another, albeit bigger, storehouse. They stepped
through with Joan once more closing the exit behind her – revealed to be a shelf lined with
pots on a sliding panel.
Nero looked around and nodded. “Yes, I do believe this is it,” she murmured before turning
to the others with a smile. “Welcome, my friends, to the imperial palace,” she announced
quietly. “Though it is not mine, as emperor, it is my duty to welcome you regardless. Though
this storehouse isn’t connected directly to the main compound, it is close enough that we
should be able to head directly there without issue.”
“Not without issue,” Jing Ke interjected as she appeared once more, her face grim. “There’s
soldiers here too. Not as many as the inner city, but there’s not much cover. Dawn’s quickly
approaching as well.”
Morgana groaned. “Of course it wouldn’t be that easy,” he grumbled. “Any way we can head
to the main building then?”
“I wonder.”
Everyone turned to see Loki once more sitting on top of a window high above, smirking.
“Wha – you’re going to get us caught, dumbass!” Joan snarled with eyes wide in
anxiousness.
The trickster god rolled their eyes. “Did you really think I would be up here if there was a
chance I would be caught?” they snarked. “There aren’t any soldiers on the rooftops here.
There’s only patrols on the ground, but there’s enough cover and shade in case any get the
bright idea of looking up. You can get up to the roof from here, so hurry up.” To emphasize
their point, they stood on the windowsill, reached up, and pulled themselves out of view.
Everyone looked at each other skeptically before their attention was drawn by a chuckling
Ren who was shaking his head. “If that’s what they’re telling us at this point of time, then we
can trust them,” he decided before turning to the others. “I’ll head up first and help keep
watch. Mona, can you help out the others get up here, just in case?”
Morgana blinked, then nodded. “Leave it to me, Joker,” he answered.
Ren grinned, then fired his grappling hook to the window. Allowing it to reel him in, he
perched on the sill and with a smooth motion pulled himself up onto the roof with ease. It
wasn’t like the Metaverse where he could easily do so with a flip, but his physical condition
and experience at least made sure it posed no problems for him. On the roof was Loki

crouching down, who simply flashed him a smirk before returning to his watch, but otherwise
it was unoccupied.
Turning away, the Phantom Thief’s eyes turned red as he activated his Third Eye once more.
His surroundings darkened as they filtered out needless information while highlighting what
was needed. Crawling to the edge of the building, he scanned the area, quickly seeing the
patrols and sentries on the ground, all highlighted in red. None of them had noticed their
presence on the roof, though he wasn’t sure how long that would hold. Behind him, he could
hear the quiet sounds of grappling hooks and grunts as the others got up to the rooftop.
As he turned to the main building to check for any sentries within or without, something
caught his peripheral vision. Homing in, he saw a blue dot high above, though the darkness
of the night as well as the Third Eye combined with distance made it next to impossible to
properly tell what it was. Deactivating his Third Eye, he blinked as everything came back
into focus. On the main building were various towers, many of them flying the purple flags or
banners of the United Roman Empire.
However, on the tallest tower where Ren had seen the blue dot was a singular red Roman
banner, fluttering proudly in the breeze.
“How’s it look, Joker?”
The Phantom Thief glanced down at Morgana in slight surprise, then continued scanning the
area as he memorized patrol routes and sentry positions. “It’s as Loki said,” he replied
quietly. “No sentries on the rooftops and none of the soldiers are looking up. The main
building isn’t too far away either - we should be able to grapple to it from here.”
The catlike being nodded. Ren turned around to face Joan, Nero, and Mash who had moved
up behind him, crouching like he was. “I need to take care of something,” he explained to the
others. “Nero, can you lead the others into the palace to where they need to go?”
The announcement caught everyone by surprise. “Where are you going at this late juncture,
legate?” the emperor inquired.
Ren smirked. “I have to run a quick errand,” he replied. Not a lie though not the whole truth
either. He still was debating on whether to inform Chaldea the existence of the Velvet Room,
and who to. At the very least, there certainly wasn’t enough time to tell anybody about it
now. “I’ll catch up with you guys in a bit. Don’t worry, it’s nothing dangerous – at least, not
more dangerous than what we’re doing now – but it has to be done.”
There was silence from everyone as they digested the news, with Joan looking particularly
annoyed by Ren’s antics yet not voicing any disagreement. Mash opened her mouth to ask
once more if he needed her assistance, then the words caught in her throat.
She remembered the times when her senpai placed his full faith in her, whether it was
weather Caster Cu Chulainn’s Noble Phantasm or dueling against Leonidas. Each and every
time, he had fully trusted her and her capabilities, never even questioning them or her
intentions. And he always trusted she would see all of them through, no matter what. It was a

burden to bear, but he believed she could carry it, yet still would assist her when she could.
Perhaps it was the same here.
Finally, Mash made up her mind. “Then we’ll go on ahead, senpai,” she declared. “If you are
in trouble, however, please do call out for us.” Just as he had placed his trust in her, yet ready
to assist if necessary, she would do the same for him.
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise at her initiative but grinned in turn. “Of course,” he
agreed easily. “Be back in a jiffy.” With that, he grappled toward the main building, flipped
onto the roof, and soon disappeared behind a roof and from view.
“Alright, we better not dally,” Morgana spoke up. “Let’s secure a route to the throne room.
Emperor, lead the way!”
Nero nodded as Mash once more readied her grappling hook. If senpai needed to ‘run an
errand’ and didn’t request her help, then she would trust him just as he trusted her. For now,
she would follow her majesty and Morgana.
She would make sure to greet Ren-senpai with success.
Ren stood at the base of the tower, staring up at it as he contemplated how best to approach
this. He had already hopped up multiple stories and reached the top of the palace. However,
the tower was taller still as it jutted up towards the sky. It was certainly too tall for just the
grappling hook to reach. Like the rest of the imperial palace, the walls were paved smooth
and carved with various images and reliefs, making for awkward handholds and footholds.
While there were windows, they were far too narrow for him to fit through - wide enough
only to poke a head through at best.
He took a deep breath as he flexed his fingers slowly. If he wasn’t careful and deliberate
about this, he would end up a lot more hurt than he needed to be – or, worst case scenario,
falling to his death. Still, he had done this enough times in the Metaverse. So long as he
wasn’t foolish about it, he should be fine.
With that, he scanned the tower with his Third Eye for eligible footholds, then fired his
grappling hook. It shot up a considerable distance before attaching itself to a relief, and began
reeling Ren in. Once he reached the apex, he slowly and carefully lowered himself down on
the small ledge he had spotted before detaching the hook, carefully grabbing onto the
carvings.
Moving carefully, he shuffled along the ledge, making sure to keep his center of gravity
directly above. Finding some better handholds above, he hopped up and grabbed on, scaling
his way up cautiously yet swiftly. It reminded him of the times he climbed those artificial
mountain walls back in the gym. It had been less challenging than he expected, though he had
slipped once or twice. Thankfully, the wall was only about a meter off the padded ground, so
there was no harm done.
Come to think of it, Akechi suggested bouldering to his friends in the past at one point as a
form of exercise. They never took him up on it, but Ren had to wonder how he would’ve

handled scaling this tower. Probably better than he currently was doing. They would’ve
probably made it even a competition between themselves, as always. Glancing up, he could
even envision Akechi climbing up ahead of him before stopping and flashing his false smile,
telling him not to push himself too hard.
Ren could only chuckle as he continued climbing. The Detective Prince had been equally
annoying and motivating in that manner whenever they competed. It had been rather fun, all
things considered.
Taking a deep breath, he paused as he considered his next move. There was a ledge higher
above, but there weren’t any apparent handholds he could use to easily reach it. Glancing on
either side, there weren’t any easily accessible footholds or handholds he could use either.
The angle wasn’t conducive to the grappling hook either. His fingers were aching from
holding up his weight, but they should be able to hold on a bit longer“Need a hand?”
Blinking in surprise, the Phantom Thief looked up at the voice and saw Jing Ke lying down
on the ledge with a smirk, her hand outstretched. He grinned back up at her. “Appreciate it,”
he called up to her. Lunging up, he grabbed hold of the Assassin’s hand, who easily pulled
him up to the ledge in turn. Ren sat as much as he could on it, catching his breath. “Thought
you’d be with the others,” he remarked between pants.
Jing Ke shrugged. “They seemed to be doing fine,” she remarked. “The emperor knows
where the least guarded areas would be and the layout of the palace, and they have that
Avenger of yours with them. No, I’m more curious as to what you’re up to. You don’t strike
me as the type to start climbing towers for fun.”
“I don’t?” Ren asked in surprise.
There was a pause, then both of them started laughing. “Okay, fair enough,” the Assassin
admitted. “But you’re not the type to get distracted when there’s a mission at hand. So what
are you doing here?”
Ren considered for a second whether to tell her. “I’m looking to grab the banner on top of the
tower,” he answered, pointing up for emphasis.
Jing Ke blinked in surprise. “That’s it?” she asked in disbelief. “You could’ve simply asked
one of us to retrieve for you, you know. Far less risk than climbing up this tower by
yourself.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled in response. “True,” he agreed. “But it’s something I have to do
myself.”
“Got your reasons?” Jing Ke asked.
“Yep,” Ren replied simply.

The Assassin stared at Ren, trying to discern any intention behind his expression, yet she
couldn’t find or read anything – neither truth nor lie, nor any further information. Finally, she
simply shrugged. “Well, if you have to get it yourself, then that’s that,” she accepted. “So, did
me helping you out like that ruin everything for you?”
“Not at all,” Ren denied. “In fact, having you help out makes things a lot easier, so thanks for
coming along.” With that, he slowly and carefully stood up, once more flexing his fingers to
work out the soreness before grinning down at her. “Still, you have a point – I can’t take too
long here. Time to get going.”
Jing Ke merely smirked as she brought out yet another jug of wine. “I’ll stay here for a bit
and enjoy the scenery,” she replied. “Not often I get to see Rome like this. I’ll see you up
ahead.” Raising a toast to Ren, she happily quaffed it down as the Phantom Thief merely
shook his head with a smile and began shuffling along the ledge once more.
Grunting, he pulled himself up another handhold, making sure his footing was solid as he
clambered up. Despite the break he took earlier, his muscles burned with each and every
movement. While he wasn’t unfit in the slightest, this was an intense workout for him, more
than simply doing pullups or his various exercises in the gym. It had been a while since he
had been pushed so hard.
He grinned to himself. Maybe he should have the simulator run some mountaineering
exercises. It would definitely be a great way to develop his muscles. He wondered if the
others would join in – he knew Mash and Ritsu would. Roman would probably collapse after
perhaps a meter or two. He could only chuckle to himself at the image.
“You’re the only one I can think of that would laugh while scaling a tower like this,” Jing Ke
remarked as she glanced down from a higher ledge. She reached down and helped him up
once more. “Something on your mind?”
Ren sat on the ledge once more and stretched, massaging his aching arms and flexing his sore
fingers. “I was just thinking about setting up a simulation for tower climbs like this,” he
replied honestly. “Honestly, this is kinda fun – risk of falling to my death notwithstanding.”
Jing Ke blinked several times, then burst out laughing. “You are perhaps the only one I know
who would want to climb another tower whilst in the middle of climbing one!” she cried.
“Cheers for your insanity, Ren Amamiya! I drink to your health and wish you many tower
climbs to come!” With that, she took a large gulp of her wine as Ren simply chuckled,
shaking his head.
“Well, not all the time,” Ren admitted. “I also do things such as illegal ivory smuggling and
underage driving. I have a lot of hobbies.”
The Assassin laughed again. “I guess Phantom Thieves and assassins have something in
common then,” she chirped. “I have some hobbies as well – some poetry, swordsmanship,
herbology, and various other things.”
“Huh,” Ren mused. “Never heard about those things about you.”

“Why would you?” Jing Ke countered with a shrug. “I was nothing more than a failed
assassin in life. History rarely remembers those who failed, only those who succeeded.
There’s probably no small number of records about Qin Shi Huangdi, probably down to what
kind of underwear he preferred wearing.”
The Assassin’s crass wording got Ren chuckling. “I don’t know about that,” he replied. Still,
she had a point. Jing Ke was at best a historical footnote compared to the First Emperor of
China while there was a profound wealth of info about the emperor in turn. He had to wonder
– just how many ‘losers’ in history never had anything recorded about them simply because
any records of them were expunged or simply not worth writing down?
He thought back to Nero. Many records of her had shown her/him to be a tyrant, yet
everything he had seen so far had been the complete opposite. How many of them had been
altered by people who had better access to public records? How many figures had their names
and reputations completely smeared either by misunderstood public opinion or powerful
enemies who could rewrite history with a single order?
And then there was him and his friends, the Phantom Thieves. Despite how much popular
support they had gained, the government had been and still was doing everything to either
demonize them or at least erase their existence. In the grand scheme of things, it seemed
things hadn’t changed. That was no reason not to fight, of course, but it was a sobering, grim
thought.
Finally, Ren continued. Finding a small bit of masonry sticking out, he fired his grappling
hook and sped upward, expediting his progress considerably. From there, it was a small climb
up to the top of the tower, finally pulling himself up onto the roof with a huff. For a moment,
he could only lie down on the roof, panting as he felt the sweat drip down his forehead and
face, his clothes sticking to his body as all his muscles cried out in agony.
Hobbling up, he walked over to the apex of the roof, where the red banner of Rome fluttered
proudly in the morning breeze. With the oncoming sunrise, it held a certain dignity he didn’t
think a banner or flag could have. He gently untied the banner from the pole, gripping it
tightly so it wouldn’t fly off. Once done, he had to consider for a second: Where was he
going to put this?
Then a blue glow caught his attention. Looking over, he saw what appeared to be a modern
delivery chute on the rooftop. Well, they did say the collection method would be in the
vicinity and he’d know it when he saw it. He just didn’t think it would be quite so obvious.
With a shrug, he carefully stepped over and opened it, seeing nothing but a pitch-dark void.
For a moment, he wondered what would happen if he went down there himself…
Then he shook his head. Not the time. Instead, he slid the banner into the chute, which
soundlessly fluttered into the void. Closing the chute, it vanished from existence, as if it had
never been there in the first place. Somehow, that felt both anticlimactic yet incredibly
satisfying at the same time.
“All done?”

Ren glanced over at Jing Ke, who was sitting on the edge of the roof as she took another swig
of her jug. “Yep,” he confirmed. “Thanks a lot for the help. It definitely made things a lot
easier.”
The Assassin raised her jug in acknowledgement. “It’s no big deal,” she replied simply. “I
was just curious as to what you were up to.”
Suddenly, her eyes narrowed. “Are my eyes playing tricks on me or is there a dark fog
moving across the battlefield?” she muttered.
Ren blinked, then looked over to where the Assassin was pointing. It was hard to see – he
really needed to bring his own binoculars – but with the oncoming morning light, he could
also faintly see some black haze moving over the plains. “Local weather conditions?” he
suggested.
The Assassin shook her head. “There is much I do not know,” she replied. “But unless there
is an unseasonable plague of locusts, there is not much that can create a black fog.”
The Phantom Thief frowned as his instincts started prickling at his mind. His eyes turned red
once more as he looked over to the haze – except now instead of dark, it was a bright red. All
of it. He blinked in shock as his vision returned to normal. “Whatever they are, they aren’t
good news,” he growled to Jing Ke’s shock as he reached out with his mind. ‘Archer, to your
north,’ he reported. ‘You’ve got incoming.’
There was a pause, then Archer replied grimly, ‘I see them. Skeleton army, headed by a large
man on an undead elephant. I think I know who this might be. I’ll relay the information to
Ritsuka. However, I suggest you hurry – it seems we’re going to be more pressed for time.’
Ren nodded as he cut off the connection and stood up. “We’ll need to get moving,” Ren
stated. “Jing Ke, can you help lead me back to the others?”
The Assassin nodded without saying a word. As one, they both leaped off the tower. Firing
his grappling hook, Ren slowed his fall and landed cleanly back onto the roof right behind
Jing Ke as she began scouting out for patrols for him and guiding him back towards his
group.
They were out of time.
The siege at the camp had been ongoing. The United Roman Empire soldiers flung
themselves at the palisades with nigh-feral ferocity, hacking and clambering over them like
wild beasts. The defenders were doing all they could to slow them down: Constantly raining
down arrows, scorpion bolts, and fire pots, utilizing shield walls and stabbing through the
gaps, and dumping loads of oil on the palisades to slow their feral climbing. While it bought
them some reprieve, even more continued to pour out of the capital and reinforcing the front
line.
And yet, despite the endless horde of URE soldiers, it had all around been surprisingly
manageable. Archer had been cutting down large swatches out of the large, continuous line of

soldiers with explosive arrows and a non-stop hail. Lu Bu and Spartacus had absolutely no
problems sweeping away patches at a time with their halberd and sword respectively. Both
Astolfo and Boudica frequently sallied forth from their positions, gouging out long furrows in
the line before retreating, or moving to contain the soldiers so they wouldn’t flank the camp.
All in all, it had been going surprisingly well. While the situation was desperate, casualties
were currently surprisingly low. Ritsu watched the siege impassively as Asisculus barked
orders around her. She didn’t know frankly how close she sounded compared to Nero so at
this point, it was better to be safe than sorry and not speak – or shout - unless she had to do
so. There was some grumbling and confusion as to why Nero wasn’t taking to the front as she
always did, but no one outright questioned it.
So far, the plan had been working. The URE soldiers showed no sign of slowing down or
alarm. There was no indication from the capital whatsoever that the infiltration team had been
caught or something went amiss. And while the battle was strenuous, they would be able to
hold out for a long time. All things considered, they should be able to buy enough time for
them to‘Master, we have a problem.’
Ritsu bit back a curse. And there it was. ‘Of course there is,’ she growled. ‘What’s going on,
Archer?’
‘We have incoming to the north of us,’ Archer reported. ‘About five kilometers away but
approaching fast. It’s another Servant – Darius III. And he’s bringing an army – undead.
Infantry, cavalry, archers, you name it. He himself is on a massive war elephant. They’re
numbering around ten thousand.’
The Master felt her jaw almost physically drop in pure shock and horror at the report. ‘SServant? Darius?! Ten thousand?!?’ she spluttered. Her mind shifted into overdrive as she
immediately started thinking about the scenario. An army of ten thousand – it would be just
like the pass. No, worse. They, combined with the might of a Servant and the United Roman
Empire forces, meant their own forces were about to be washed away like a sandcastle in an
oncoming tide.
Her earlier panic began gripping at her again, holding her heart and gut in an icy grip – and
she almost shrieked as an arrow clanged against a shield as one of ‘her’ bodyguards
immediately stepped forward with his scutum to block it. “Imperator, are you alright?” the
bodyguard asked, glancing back at her. Ritsu could only stare back in wide eyes, whatever
words she had completely stuck in a dry throat. She felt ill, like she wanted to vomit. She was
dizzy. She needed to‘Focus, Master!’ Archer barked through their connection, piercing right through her panic.
‘We never expected the plan to go swimmingly, but that is no reason to lose your senses over
it. Right now, we need you focused so we can deal with this threat! The enemy Servant and
his army are now three kilometers out! How do you want us to handle this?’
Ritsu took a raspy breath as she focused on Archer’s words. Damnit, he was right. She had
almost lost her nerve all over again, and it had almost cost them. Terror still gripped her but

right now, it wasn’t the time to succumb to it. There was too much to do, and too much at
stake here. She swallowed back down the nausea clawing up her throat and blinked away the
dizziness as she stood back up properly. ‘Find Lu Bu and have him move to the northern front
to intercept,’ she ordered. ‘Back him up. Meet up with Boudica and Astolfo and have them
run interference on both fronts as best they can. Do not let them reach the camp – the Roman
soldiers won’t be able to fight them off.’
‘I will have to focus more on stopping the undead army than the United Roman Empire
soldiers,’ Archer warned.
‘The Romans have a better chance with them than with the undead,’ Ritsu countered. ‘Do
what you have to, Archer. I’m counting on you.’
‘Hmph, a rather demanding Master I have,’ Archer remarked with some amusement before
withdrawing the connection. Soon, the sounds of explosions echoed out from the north like
distant thunder.
Ritsu turned back to ‘her’ bodyguard, who was staring at her in confusion. “Find legate
Asisculus,” she ordered. “We have an incoming enemy force from the north. I’m routing the
Servants to hold them off – it’s an enemy Servant with an army of their own. Tell him to
redouble the efforts on defense here and withdraw for a better position if necessary – the
battle is going to get far more difficult from here on out.”
The bodyguard stared at Ritsu in shock. Normally, he would never take orders from a body
double, but the cold blaze in her eyes combined with the news stilled his tongue. Instead, he
simply nodded, saluted, and dashed off to relay the information and orders. Meanwhile, Ritsu
took one last look at the United Roman Empire front before descending from her position,
moving towards the north.
It seems their own battle was just beginning.
It wasn’t long before Ren and Jing Ke were back on the palace rooftops. Wasting no time,
they both swooped in from an open window and dove right behind a column – just in time to
avoid a soldier marching by on patrol. The Assassin wasted no time – sliding out from her
position, she glided up to the soldier and dispatched it with one quick thrust. Ren silently
followed, their footsteps making minimal sound against the marble floor.
They both moved with practiced, almost inhuman swiftness, avoiding or dispatching any
soldiers along the way. Soon, they reached a set of doors where Jing Ke beckoned Ren in. It
was another small storeroom, where the others were apparently resting and waiting for them.
Morgana glanced over as he approached and grinned. “Got what you needed?” he asked
cheekily. Then his face fell when he saw the seriousness of both Ren and Jing Ke. “What
happened?”
Ren frowned. “We need to hurry,” he stated before explaining to them the situation – the new
Servant and his army barreling down on their camp. The news had everyone’s eyes widen in
shock as the rest of the Servants appeared. “We need to deal with Lev and Romulus quickly

before they get overrun,” he concluded. “Anybody need to make any preparations before we
head in?”
The catlike being shook his head. “The throne room’s right there, Joker,” he said, pointing
outside the door. “We’ve only been waiting for you to come back and your command.”
“I’m ready, senpai,” Mash whispered, her determination clear in her voice. “I’ll protect you
until the very end.”
“This promises to be interesting,” Loki replied with a sardonic grin. “I’ll have to thank you
for being merciful enough to allow me here. I suppose I should return the favor.” Meanwhile,
all the other Servants nodded in assent. They were all ready for what came next.
Ren nodded. “Alright then,” he said. “Then here we go!” With that, they charged forward,
rushed down the hall, and pushed open the door to the throne room.
The throne room was a large, spacious chamber, with sunlight slowly filtering in through the
upper windows as dawn broke outside. Lining the walls were pedestals, each with some
treasure displayed, be it a vase, a gladius, a helmet, or some other valuable. A length of red
carpet stretched down the middle, crossing from the entrance all the way to the throne,
flanked by marble columns that held up the entire structure.
And on the throne sat a man. He was bronze-skinned and clothed in a green ensemble that
revealed his powerful, muscular body. Draped over his shoulders was a cloak of red while
adorning his head was a large golden headpiece. His eyes glowed red, staring impassively. As
they approached, he slowly stood up, revealing himself to be a giant of a man as he grinned.
“My children, welcome!” he boomed warmly. “Know that my love and the warmth of Roma
embraces you all!”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise, then he forced a grin back. “Well, didn’t expect such
a friendly greeting,” he quipped. “Don’t tell me you were expecting us! Didn’t see much in
terms of company around here though – I’m guessing you’re short-staffed?”
The man began laughing, the sound loud and echoing throughout the hall. “They are not
necessary! For I am the heart of Roma! Still, there were a few soldiers here posted with some
insistence, but that cannot be helped. And as for expecting you…” He tossed something at
them that Ren dexterously caught – and his eyes widened. It was a calling card. And written
on it…
‘To the Holy Progenitor of Rome, Romulus.
Your soldiers and generals have taken my empire from me – its lands, its people, its
resources, its men. This offense to the empire cannot be allowed to stand, not while I hold the
office of emperor. Therefore, I challenge you! I shall be the victor, and I will reclaim my
empire! Ready yourself, Romulus!”

Signed,

Emperor Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus’
“The heart of Roma?”
At the question, Ren turned to see Nero slowly walking up as took off her helmet, her blonde
hair gleaming in the morning light. “Then you are the holy progenitor?” she asked quietly.
His eyes narrowed for a second, then widened in recognition. “Yes indeed, my daughter,” he
declared. “It is from me that Roma came to be, and it shall be that everything is Roma. I see
you have donned the guise of a common soldier to come meet with me as opposed to the
finery of an emperor! But that even that too is Roma! You have truly come a long way!”
The emperor nodded. “Yes, I have come a long way,” she murmured. “I have come through
countless battles, fighting off despair as I watched my empire crumble around me, constantly
striving to make sure my people are fed, clothed, and as happy as they can be while also
lifting the spirits of my men and officers, many of whom were despondent that the holy
progenitor stood as our foe!”
She looked up and glared at the man. “Caesar and Leonidas have said that they did not wish
to fight this war,” she growled. “And I believe you are the same, holy progenitor. However, I
cannot forgive any who would try to take my greatest treasures away. I may not be adorned as
an emperor, but in my imperfection, I shall shine even more gloriously as the Rose of
Olympia!”
Nero unsheathed her gladius and held up her scutum. “Therefore I, Nero Claudius, Caesar
Augustus Germanicus, challenge you, holy progenitor! For the glory of the Roman Empire!”
There was a pause, then the man began laughing – the sound beginning at low chuckles
before his voice rose into full bodied, booming laughter. A sound that seemed to reverberate
against the very walls of the imperial palace in mirth. “Yes!” he roared. “Well done, my
daughter! You truly do embrace the spirit of the empire! And allow me to answer in kind: I,
Romulus, shall gladly accept your challenge! Whoever is the victor today shall truly be
Roma!”
He held out his hand and summoned his weapon: A dual-ended lance with a blade made of
great red wood almost the size of the man himself. Whirling it as if twirling a twig, he
brought the point down on the ground, the impact shaking the ground underneath them.
“Come!” he boomed.
Ren and Nero glanced at each other, shared a quick, determined nod, and with everyone else,
charged the Holy Progenitor of Rome itself.

Chapter End Notes

If you guys have questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!

https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 92: Romulus
Chapter Summary

The Holy Progenitor of Rome is greater than many would think.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“My people! You are the beating heart of Roma!”
Romulus stood on a pedestal in the city square, the eyes of his dear children all trained upon
him. Their gazes were hopeful, yet clouded by fear, trepidation, and doubt. For how could
they not be? The empire they had abandoned was now marching on their doorstep. Many
were afraid that they would claim vengeance or punishment. Desertion and fleeing the
empire was a crime punishable by death. They had been sure that following the man who
claimed to be Romulus was correct, and even more certain after they had prospered under
him. And now it was all to be taken away.
“Your loyalty and your perseverance bring nothing but joy to me!” he boomed. “I thank each
and every one of you for your efforts! Your happiness is my own happiness, your pride is my
own pride! And of course, your sadness and worries are mine as well! I know that many of
you have come from the Empire under my banner. You fear retribution. After all, the laws are
fair yet strict – you believe you face death for what you have done!”
“And yet!” he continued. “This, too, is Roma! Whether you are under my auspices or that of
the empire’s, your hearts still beat for Roma! The form and the nature of the empire and
myself are one and the same! All under Roma!” As he spoke, he brought out a standard. On it
flew proudly the banner of the Roman Empire: Emblazoned with bright red, with a golden
lion proudly in the center.
The entire crowd burst into surprised murmurs as the banner. “Does this not gladden your
heart?” Romulus cried. “Purple is the color of the emperor and of the United Roman Empire,
yes, and red is the color of Mars! Both are also Roma! It matters little what banner you
march under! Thus, hear my words and know this: No matter what happens, Roma will
triumph! And so long as Roma triumphs, all of you shall be safe! All of you shall prosper!
For you embody the spirit of Roma! I, Romulus, will promise this! Believe in Roma as I
believe in Roma!”
“Holy Progenitor!”
Romulus turned slowly to a legion that had knelt before his presence, the legate in front the
only one who was facing him. “Allow us the honor of supporting you and Roma with you!”
he cried. “It is nothing less than our duty to fight and die alongside you!”

The Holy Progenitor smiled, yet grief tinged his eyes. “You are truly a son of Rome,” he
declared. “And I thank you with all my heart. Yet you cannot, my son. None of you can.
Roma’s spirit lies within you all, and I cannot bear to have you spill and shed blood for ought
else. No, you have another duty, one greater than supporting me: You must bear the spirit of
Rome – my children – away! You shall ensure they shall not come to harm in the days to
come, so that Roma can be rebuilt and made whole once more! This charge and burden I lay
upon you, my son. Will you see it through?”
The legate’s mouth fell in shock at the charge, yet with tears in his eyes, he lowered his head.
“Your will be done, Holy Progenitor. All hail!”
“HAIL!” the soldiers all roared.
“All hail!”
“HAIL!” the people cried as one.
“ALL HAIL!”
“HAIL!” they roared. “HAIL TO THE HOLY PROGENITOR! HAIL TO THE GLORY OF
ROMA! HAIL!”
Romulus listened to their cheers and could only smile as pride bloomed in his breast. He
never spoke falsely, and they had not proven that falsely. These people truly were the blood
and spirit of Roma.
Later, the founder of Rome watched silently as the long caravan departed from the city
towards the south. Shepherded and guarded by the brave soldiers of Roma, they would
without doubt find refuge in the neighboring city, well away from the attack. He felt a
familiar chill down his spine as another presence made himself known to him. “This does not
interfere with your plans, mage,” he growled. “Do not interfere.”
“I don’t believe you’re in much position to be giving commands, Romulus,” Lev Lainur
sneered, his cane loud on the battlements. “Chaldea marches on your doorstep despite every
single advantage you and those other Servants have been given. The empire hasn’t been
stomped out. There is no way I could have made this any simpler for any of you. And now
you’re wasting time evacuating these mortals. I knew Servants were incompetent but you are
nevertheless testing my patience.”
“Those of Roma are not easily swayed or controlled by your whims,” Romulus retorted.
“Whether your plans succeed or fail is on your own merit. No matter what you do, however,
Roma shall still stand until the end of time itself!”
The magus snorted, then burst out laughing. “And what would a fool like you know of the
‘end of time’?” he mocked. “But I suppose that is to be expected of one such as yourself. You
always believe that whatever legacy you and yours leave is ‘eternal’, never thinking about
the consequences in the future. Or if there even is one in the first place.”

The Progenitor of Rome finally turned to glare at the sneering man. “What nonsense do you
speak of?” he snarled. “Roma is eternal – what would you know of it?”
Lev rested a condescending glare at Romulus, then shook his head. “Nothing you need to
know of, nor understand,” he replied dismissively. “And frankly, all of you have taken far too
long. I had thought I could simply leave it to all of you but evidently, I was mistaken on that
front. It seems I shall have to intervene more personally.
“What are you playing at, mage?” Romulus snarled. If he had his way, he would strike down
this damned magus himself long ago.
Grinning malevolently, he held up the Grail in response. “I have someone more pliable to my
orders than you lot. I’m sure he’ll be able to succeed where all of you have failed
spectacularly. In the meantime, I shall be taking direct command of the army. You… well, do
as you wish. At this point, Chaldea’s defeat is all but certain.”
Romulus glared as Lev sauntered off before vanishing in a cloud of golden dust. That damn
Lev Lainur. Ever since he and his cohorts had been summoned, it had been a never-ending
stream of insults, direct and indirect. Of course, that paled compared to the greatest insult of
all: Being forced to attack his own beloved empire. While shedding blood internally was also
a part of Roma, this was nothing more than a horrific mockery and tragedy.
Still, there was little point ruminating about it. Just as Lev had much he apparently had to do,
he still had matters to take care of on his end. It would mean his own destruction, but that
was always the case, one way or another. It mattered little in the long run.
He turned to stare at the top of the imperial palace, where the red banner of Rome fluttered
high and proud among the purple of the United Roman Empire flags. The same banner he
had shown in front of the people of Roma before they retreated from the capital. It could not
be a more fitting image that dwelled within his heart, and despite his grief and pain, he
smiled.
Roma would endure.
---------The double-ended spear yielded only slightly as Tamamo Cat’s paw and Joan’s blade crashed
against it. With a booming laugh, Romulus twisted them aside, flinging them into the air
before deftly raising it to deflect the two spiked chains that sped toward him. Both spikes
bounced off without a scratch on the blade, then withdrew as Medusa pulled them back and
darted to another corner, seeking another opening. A talisman suddenly appeared and flashed
– the only warning Romulus had or needed before he dodged the sudden fountain of flame
bursting forth from his former position.
As Nero charged in, he raised a powerful leg and kicked her aside. The emperor raised her
scutum barely in time but was sent flying back from the blow, the shield bearing now yet
another large dent among many from the Servant’s sheer strength. With a roar, he followed
up by drawing his spear back and throwing it at Tamamo. The Caster barely managed to dive

aside as it flew past her at unnerving speeds. “I do not know if this would be easier if he
fought like an actual barbarian,” she grumbled as she brushed off her sleeve cantankerously.
Meanwhile, Loki charged in to take advantage of Romulus being empty handed. Grinning
madly, they raised their red, serrated blade – and was caught by the arm, pulled in, and given
a devastating punch to the gut before being smashed to the floor. Before the Lancer could
follow up, two chains wrapped around his leg and yanked him back, causing him to stumble.
The Avenger wasted no time and quickly retreated with a growled curse, their grin replaced
by a visage of rage and hatred as the Progenitor summoned his spear to him to regain his
footing.
“Attis!”
The Progenitor of Rome glanced over to see a ghostly, bandaged being appear behind the
young Master – Ren Amamiya, as he recalled. The being gestured with the dagger in his hand
and suddenly, around him and all his allies were three circling lights of red, blue, and green.
As the lights faded from existence, he spun around to block a gladius stab – and marveled at
the surprising weight of the blow. As they clashed, he stared into the eyes of his daughter, and
saw nothing but blazing determination.
With another joyful laugh, he flung Nero away from him. “Excellent!” he roared. “Truly
excellent! You are all children of Roma! The spirit, the flame of Roma burns bright within
you!” He whirled his spear about him, warding off both Loki and Jing Ke as they tried to
approach from his flank and rear. “But I do not believe this is all you are capable of! Show
me your strength! Your will! Your ROMA!!”
The next moment, he felt chains wrapping around his spear arm and pulled behind him –
leaving him open for Joan and Loki to charge in to gut him. He jumped back with a wide
grin, catching Medusa off balance as she didn’t suddenly expect the chains to go slack. With
his free hand, Romulus grabbed the chain and pulled with all his might, lifting the Rider off
her feet and slamming her down on Joan and Loki, forcing them both to dodge to the sides.
That done, he swung Medusa around like a flail before he finally released, sending her
crashing into Tamamo with a booming laugh.
Suddenly, he felt his strength being sapped away. Another ghostly being appeared to his side,
wielding a rapier, and a gust of cutting wind was blown in his direction. From the other side,
a talisman-created tornado howled towards him as well. He thundered forward, using the
clashing winds to propel himself, and aimed himself right at Ren – who now had a ghostly
dragon at his back. His spear lunged forwardAnd crashed against a great black shield. With a powerful roar, Mash flung Romulus back,
sending him flying through the air. “Nice going, Mash!” Ren called out before focusing back
on Romulus. Suddenly, a sphere of blue energy came into being and exploded, pushing him
even further back. Righting himself, the man slid to a halt as he used his spear as a brake, the
wooden blade grinding against the floor. There were odd burn marks on his skin that were
rapidly healing as the Lancer slowly stood back up. Reaching up, he gently touched his nose,
then pulled his hand away to see the blood that had leaked from his nostrils. “Fascinating,” he
murmured.

Morgana glanced over at Ren. “Nuke?” he asked shortly.
The Phantom Thief nodded in response. Nuke was the only element he hadn’t used yet in the
singularities. Frankly, he had been wary of it – it was emphasized in his studies the kind of
damage nuclear radiation could cause in the real world, both short term and long term. In the
Metaverse, it was one thing; it operated on different rules entirely. He and Makoto often
spammed nuclear attacks with impunity when necessary, swiftly bringing down enemies
weak to the element.
Reality, however, was where he needed to be careful. The last thing he wanted to do was
cause collateral harm. He quickly glanced at his allies, trying to see if there were any issues
with his attack. As far as he could tell, there didn’t seem to be any detrimental effects to
them, whether it was Servants or flesh and blood like Nero and Morgana. His eyes darted
over to the communicator. No indicators or notifications from Chaldea, who probably had a
Geiger counter measuring the atmosphere.
He breathed a quiet sigh of relief to himself. Good. No particular repercussions except to his
target – and it seemed Romulus was affected by the nuclear radioactivity as well. He rapidly
called up Atropos once more to heal Medusa, Tamamo, and Loki and was about to have them
attack while Romulus suffered the effects of radiationOr rather, he should be. Whatever effect it had certainly wasn’t visible as the Holy Progenitor
simply stood back up proudly as he whirled his lance, wiping away his nosebleed with a swift
motion. “A most interesting attack, Ren Amamiya!” he boomed. “However, that shall not be
enough to defeat the heart of Roma! Come! That cannot be all you have!”
Nero clicked her tongue as she tossed aside her scutum – now little more than bent scrap
metal from the sheer power and weight of Romulus’s blows. “On that, I agree with you
wholeheartedly!” she replied. “With me, my allies! We must press forward once more!” With
that, she charged with a hearty war cry as Romulus turned with a beaming, proud smile to
meet her.
And gave Ren some leeway to analyze the situation, his Third Eye roving about as he
collected information as quickly as he could. Everyone was giving it the best they could,
attacking from every angle possible while Joan, Nero, and Mash took his attention as much
as possible. However, Romulus showed no signs of wearing out or slowing down despite the
relentless assault. In fact, the man seemed positively elated by the battle, all things
considered.
Not to mention, Ren had the suspicion that he wasn’t trying his best: Despite being
outnumbered ten to one, Romulus had yet to pull out his Noble Phantasm – or had any need
to utilize it, apparently. Not to mention, Nero, despite being a regular human, was still
fighting despite the Servant having more than enough capabilities to simply incapacitate her,
if not kill her, where she stood. Romulus undoubtedly wouldn’t fight them if he didn’t have
to, but that didn’t matter right now. It meant they could take advantage of his ease. The
problem was…
“We’re getting worn down.”

“You noticed too, huh?” Ren commented to Jing Ke, who had appeared beside him. Though
the Assassin still smiled, it was more strained than usual. “If we keep this up, Romulus can
just pick us off one by one once we’re tired – or worse, Lev could just appear out of nowhere
and do him the favor. Don’t suppose you have a way to take care of him easily?”
The Assassin stared at Romulus currently fighting off the others. “I do, actually,” she replied.
“My Noble Phantasm. But he’ll know as soon as I activate it, and I’m not sure I can get close
enough to manage it.”
“So, all you need is an opening, then?” Ren asked.
Jing Ke blinked in surprise as she looked over to Ren, then smirked. “Just one,” she
confirmed. “Think you can give me that?
Ren grinned. “Done and done,” he answered. “I’ll leave the timing to you.”
Chuckling, the Assassin nodded. “Well alright then, my assistant,” she replied. “The floor is
yours.” With that, she stepped away and vanished once more.
The Phantom Thief smiled, then reached out with his mind. ‘Jing Ke has a way to finish this,
but we need to give her an opening,’ he rapidly explained to his Servants as well as Morgana.
‘Stagger your attacks and hit him hard and fast from every angle you can. Make sure he can’t
focus properly.’
‘We’ve already been doing that,’ Loki pointed out in an annoyed voice. ‘I doubt us attacking
harder will actually disorient that Roma musclehead.’
‘I’ll be joining in too,’ he reassured them. ‘Just play it safe and keep him off his feet.’
‘We shall see it done then, Master,’ came Medusa’s murmured reply, as calm as always. Ren
nodded before turning his attention back to Romulus, preparing another mask in his mind
once more.
“Clotho!”
The Weaver of the Thread once more appeared in a flash of blue flames. With a wave of her
spindle, Romulus stumbled, shaking his head as a fog of forgetfulness descended on his mind
– and barely warding off the chains and swords from Medusa and Joan, respectively. He
wasn’t done, however. As Clotho faded from existence, he switched masks once more. One
who could take advantage of the situation.
“Dionysus!”
The multi-faceted, multicolored Persona burst into being, arm held aloft. Romulus blinked
blearily at the persona’s appearance before he was forced to deflect a sword block from Loki
and kick away Mash, followed by jumping out of the way of another geyser of flames. Jing
Ke still had not made her move yet, and it was clear why: Despite the affliction, Romulus still
had more than enough martial skill and instinct to ward off any attacks, direct and indirect.

Fine with him. Dionysus waved his hand, and a burst of disorienting lights and images
exploded around Romulus’s head. The Progenitor’s eyes bulged for a split second before the
man began roaring in pain, clutching his head like it was fit to burst any second. Tamamo Cat
and Loki lunged in and were both warded off with a sloppy swing from Romulus before he
was sent stumbling forward by a razor wind sent by Morgana. The Lancer shook his head and
staggered up, only to be hit with another Psiodyne and causing him to scream in agony once
more.
Suddenly, a hurricane of unfurled scrolls exploded all around Romulus, filling the air with
sounds of fluttering and forcing the melee combatants back. However, Tamamo hurled two
more talismans, each of them sparking with electricity. They flanked Romulus on either side
and arced with lightning between each other. The Holy Progenitor roared in pain as bolts
coursed through his body, his red eyes trying to focus despite the assault. Loki began firing
his gun as Joan summoned more swords and launched them at the Lancer, causing him to
stumble yet again.
Then Jing Ke appeared above Romulus, with a grin full of confidence and certainty as she
dove towards him. “I fear not my own death, I seek not my own life,” she intoned while
unsheathing her dagger from a wooden sheath. The blade glistened in the light of magic,
shining bright and cold like a shooting star. The dagger came downAnd Romulus spun to meet her, his bright red eyes murky yet still easily meeting her gaze.
Jing Ke’s eyes widened as, faster than she could react, the Progenitor of Rome swung his
spear up. With her momentum and the force it was being swung, there would be no doubt it
would be a fatal blow. She could only chuckle bitterly in her mind. So, this was how it was to
end: Just like her legend, ten paces short of killing her mark. Truly, a failed assassin from
beginning to“Decarabia!”
Ren’s shout caught her by surprise once more. In her peripheral vision – that was all she
could afford – she thought she saw some sort of large orange star behind the Phantom Thief.
Then once more she saw the spear approaching her. Closer. CloserAnd it bounced off, to the shock of both the Assassin and the Progenitor. The latter recoiled
suddenly with a startled roar of pain, like he had been the one struck instead of her. She could
only be shocked and surprised at this turn of good fortune and the frankly sheer amount of
coverage she had, but that only lasted a moment. The next, she was focused once more,
diving with both hands on the dagger – and cut a long, thin line on the Lancer.
“A Single Act of Killing.”
Romulus scowled and immediately swung his spear. At such a close range, defenseless from
landing, Jing Ke had no escape – the impact flung her back as if she was shot by a cannon
with a gigantic gash running down her torso that spilled all her lifeblood. It sent the Assassin
crashing through the throne, reducing the wooden seat to splinters as she finally landed,
slumped against the wall. The Holy Progenitor himself staggered, finally dropping his spear
which shattered into golden dust, and coughed up blood.

As he looked up at Jing Ke, who was fading away, he gave a bloody grin of pride. “Well…
done!” he rasped. “Truly… well done, all of you! Worthy… of Roma!”
Ren and Morgana immediately ran to Jing Ke, his eyes widening as he saw her starting to
dissolve into golden dust. The former’s circuits were burning from the number of personas
and spells he used, but that mattered little. “Mona, can you-“ he began.
“Don’t,” Jing Ke rasped with a bloody grin. “My Noble Phantasm works as well as it does
because I’ve fully accepted my death. My assassination of the First Emperor was meant to be
a suicide mission, after all. I botched that one up, and I made up for it here with the
Progenitor of Rome. No regrets on this front.”
“Wha-“ Morgana spluttered. “But even if you accept death, that still means we can heal
you-!“
“You can’t,” the Assassin replied simply. She weakly raised her arm and pointed to her chest,
where the gash had reached. “Spirit core’s been destroyed,” she explained. “Can’t heal from
this.”
Ren said nothing. He had a Recarm spell he could use. There hadn’t been a need to use it
beforehand, and frankly he wasn’t sure if it was enough to restore a Servant’s spirit core. But
above all, he couldn’t use it if Jing Ke didn’t want to. “Are you sure?” he asked quietly,
catching both Morgana and Jing Ke’s attention. “If I say I had an ability that may restore your
spirit core, do you want it?”
Jing Ke blinked. Then blinked again. “You’re serious…” she murmured. Then she chuckled
again before coughing, blood coming out of her mouth. “Thanks for the offer, but no,” the
Assassin replied. “Like I said, I’ve accepted my death, Ren. And Servants… we’re not meant
to be here permanently anyway. Something like this… is probably the best way for me to
go.”
The Phantom Thief gulped but nodded. If that was what she wished, then he would respect it.
Morgana looked in shock between Ren and Jing Ke, then shut his eyes tightly. Otherwise, he
didn’t disagree either. By now, her limbs had vanished and the lower half of her body. “Hey,
Ren?” she called out. “If we meet again, we’re drinking.”
Despite everything, Ren laughed. “I’m underage,” he pointed out yet again.
The Assassin chuckled heartily again. “And that means more for me,” she noted once more.
With that, she closed her eyes with a smile, and finally dissolved. A second later, Jing Ke was
no more.
Meanwhile, Nero stepped up to Romulus, who had also started to dissolve. “Holy
Progenitor,” she murmured. “I ask you, were you truly our enemy? Was I… was I ultimately
not worthy of the mantle of emperor?”
Romulus smiled warmly. “Holy Progenitor you call me,” he replied. “Yet I am but a Servant
here, bound to the wishes of my Master. But that matters not. I have borne witness to your

struggles – here and elsewhere – as you have fought for your people, for the empire, and for
yourself. All that and more is nothing less than the purest essence of Roma.”
He placed a gentle, reassuring hand on Nero’s shoulder. “So, raise your head, oh emperor,” he
declared. “Know that your actions and strength are truly Roma. As my daughter, Nero
Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, I cannot be any prouder of you. You are truly worthy
of your title and of Roma.”
Nero closed her eyes as she felt an enormous burden lift off her shoulders. Warmth seemed to
flow from the man’s hand into her body, suffusing it with strength and dignity. “Thank you,
Holy Progenitor,” was all she could say. For once, she had been rendered speechless as
gratitude and pride bloomed from her heart like a rose.
Romulus then turned around, just in time to witness the Assassin vanishing into golden
particles. “She did not hesitate to trade her life for the success of her assassination,” he noted.
“Her spirit and courage are truly Roma. She is to be honored and commended.”
Ren forced out a laugh as he slowly stood back up. “Kinda weird to be complimenting your
assassin, Romulus,” he commented with a small grin. As much as he wanted to grieve, this
wasn’t the right time for it. Besides, Jing Ke would’ve preferred him to be laughing about it
instead of crying. Hell, he could practically hear her laughing at him for crying over a dead
assassin. And that gave him the strength he needed to smile in turn.
The Holy Progenitor in turn laughed, the sound booming throughout the throne room.
“Assassinations are yet another part of Roma,” he declared. “It was a masterful strike! No
more, no less! But there was another crucial part here that made sure she succeeded.” He
placed a hand on Ren’s shoulder. “You have guided your men with skill and aplomb. Despite
who I am and the might of Roma, you did not hesitate to do what must be done. Your
cunning and abilities are truly Roma as well.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow. “Not exactly sure if Phantom Thievery is part of
Rome,” he commented with a wry smile.
Romulus laughed again. “That, too, is also Roma!” he declared. His red eyes met Ren’s grey
ones, mirth and amusement dancing in his gaze. “Know that I am impressed by you, Ren
Amamiya. You carry the spirit of Roma with you as well. Take heart in that for your battles to
come.”
Ren blinked with surprise as he felt his body fill with strength and vigor. It almost felt like his
exhaustion from the fight was nothing more than an illusion. Actually, no – he felt stronger
than before. “Thanks, Holy Progenitor,” he replied, deciding to use the man’s title out of
respect. “You certainly gave us hell though – don’t suppose you could’ve taken it a bit easier
on us?”
The Lancer grinned. “My strength is Roma!” he roared. “It would not do for me to hold
back!” Then the hand he had on Ren’s shoulder dissolved, catching their attention. “But it
would seem my time is up. You have my blessing, oh children of mine! Go forth! And know
that your hearts beat for ROMA!” With that final declaration, he vanished fully, and Romulus

was no more. In the sudden silence after, the throne room suddenly felt far emptier and larger
than before.
“It seems we are done with this pathetic farce of a fight.”
Everyone immediately whirled around to see Lev step towards them, his cane loud against
the tiled floor as the dawning sunlight illuminated his sneer. “I did not expect much from the
so-called Progenitor of Rome,” the magus commented. “Nor the first emperor of the Roman
Empire or the Spartan king, but even I must admit I had not anticipated them to be such utter
failures. Well, I suppose that’s the ‘greatest’ humanity can muster.”
“Lev,” Morgana growled. “I was wondering where you were. Finally showed yourself after
getting everyone else to do your work for you, huh? Pretty cowardly if you ask me!”
Scoffing, the magus shot a dismissive look at the catlike being. “’To do my work for me?’”
he echoed. “Did you not listen to a single word I just said? If they actually had done what I
ordered them to do, then you would all be dead, and I would not have to see any of your
disgusting faces. But they had failed to a rather breathtaking degree: Only one Servant dead,
the Masters still alive, and they couldn’t even properly get rid of one damned mortal in this
timeline.” At the last phrase, he shot an irritated glare at Nero.
The emperor stepped up, her face a visage of stern rage. “So you are the mage Lev Lainur,”
she stated. “The one who had summoned the Holy Progenitor, my honored predecessor, and
the legendary king of Sparta – and set them on my beloved empire. You are the cause behind
all this.” She raised her gladius and trained the point at the magus.
“I hereby name you eternal enemy of the Roman empire,” Nero declared. “Those who
willingly consort with you are also enemies to the Roman empire, and thereby are also my
enemies as well. Plead your case, and if I deem it satisfactory, I shall make your execution
swift and painless. That is the only mercy I shall grant you, Lev Lainur.”
Lev Lainur blinked in surprise, then broke down into hysterics, almost holding his gut from
laughter. “You? Execute me?” he gasped through his mirth. “How utterly, adorably pathetic
that you believe you have such authority! The arrogance of humanity truly knows no bounds!
And you, Nero, exemplify it to a truly absurd degree! Like ants lifting leaves and believing
they are the strongest creatures that exist on this planet, never realizing they can easily be
trodden underfoot at any second! Ah, you truly never fail to amuse!”
“Glad we could entertain you,” Ren called out as he stepped up with a small smirk. “Sorry
we couldn’t properly set up a welcome party for you – we wanted to thank you for everything
you’ve done for us. But at the very least, this party does have plenty of guests.” At the signal,
a pair of spiked chains darted out from the shadows as Loki suddenly appeared beside the
mage, pistol in hand, and fired at his head. Lev’s head jerked to the side from the impact of
the shot as the spikes sank into his back…
Then suddenly, he glared. A wave of power erupted from him, pushing the spikes out of his
flesh as the Avenger was blasted back. “So it seems,” he growled as he stood back up
properly, ignoring the gaping wounds in his head and back. “But if that’s the case, then you

are a poor host, so it falls to me to… entertain you in turn. Witness the glory that shall be
your destruction!”
He raised his arms as dark fog surrounded him, laughing madly as his figure was shrouded.
The fog rapidly grew in size, filling the room as everyone immediately backed away from it
in caution. “We are infinite,” he boomed. “We are superior. To know us is to know death. Bow
your heads in humility and know you are but specks compared to our might.”
The fog dissipated. Instead of Lev, there now stood a massive pillar of black flash, lined in
disgusting red eyes as it stretched from the floor to the top of the throne with ease. The red
eyes roved about all separately, creating a disturbing, disorienting image as its cross-shaped
pupils roamed about, as if taking in every detail – with one eyeball in the center directly
trained on the group.
“We are Flauros,” it declared. “And we are your demise.”
“Damnit!”
Ritsu had tossed aside her helmet, and with it the wig of blonde hair. It had been far too
stifling and limited her vision too much for her to work with. Her own natural orange hair
shone brightly in the morning sun. She had given the game away as a body double but at this
point, it really didn’t matter. With an army bearing down like this and this much time passed,
they would be screwed whether Nero was here or not.
Bestial roars echoed throughout the plains. Glancing over, she could see the flash of red from
Lu Bu, his halberd gleaming as he wielded it with surprising skill. Darius roared back, his
massive golden battle axes in his hands. Each time they clashed, the sound was like that of
meteors striking metal, ringing with a din that surpassed anything the URE could make as
they continued their non-stop march. Around them were the war cries of Boudica running
down scores of skeletons as arrows fell like rain.
But that wasn’t important. All Ritsu could focus on was Astolfo in her arms, her hand
glowing green as she desperately exhausted the mystic code’s energy. Her eyes stared in
horror at the gigantic wound in Astolfo’s chest, refusing to close despite her fervent efforts.
Her ears could only hear his pained gasps and weak reassurances. Everything, her so-called
brilliant plan, had fallen apart.
“Damnit, damnit, damnit! WHY?!?”

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story or background lore, check out the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.com/invite/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 93: End of the Road
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The United Roman Empire had no siege weapons. They had no cavalry. They had archers,
but none of them were using their bows. They had their usual scutum shields but those had
been mostly ignored. All they had was numbers. Sheer, countless numbers that pushed
everything down in a wave of iron and flesh. The Roman army retaliated with fire pots,
arrows, boiling oil, everything they could to slow down the wave. Coupled with Spartacus
stemming the flow while laughing uproariously and roaring about oppressors, the line was
actually holding.
The same could barely be said for the northern front as the army of ten thousand skeletons
bore down on the camp. Lu Bu roared as he whirled his halberd, reducing several skeletal
horsemen to pieces before shattering a follow-up horseman with a punch. Just as he was
about to plunge himself into the fray, a shout from Ritsu behind him echoed. “Hold your
position!” she cried, sounding a touch shriller than usual. “We can’t let anyone through!” The
Berserker growled angrily in response, but otherwise followed her command.
Archer fired countless arrows into the black mass of skeletons before summoning a drill-like
sword. As he loaded it onto his bow, it stretched out into an arrow, sparking with power. He
aimed carefully at Darius – a rather simple feat considering the huge Servant was riding on a
gigantic undead elephant plated in gold, iron, and other decorations. Darius looked over at
him and roared, but it didn’t matter. This would take only one shot. “Caladbolg!” he roared
as he loosed the arrow at the Servant.
Darius growled as he held out his hand. Immediately, one of his skeletal soldiers, bearing a
scimitar and a large shield, jumped into his grip. The gigantic Servant threw the skeleton at
the oncoming arrow. In turn, the soldier raised its shield – and did nothing to slow the arrow
down as it pierced both shield and skeleton alike with ease. The Servant roared as the arrow
collided against him, enveloping him and his surrounding forces in a spectacular explosion.
The resulting shockwave almost knocked Ritsu over as she covered her face from the blast of
air and blinding light, and as it faded left her ears ringing and her mind disoriented.
‘Archer…?’ she called out as she did to recover. ‘Did that get him?’
There was a moment of silence as Archer took stock of the situation. ‘It eliminated much of
the enemy forces,’ Archer reported. ‘However, a large part of the army still remains.
Unfortunately, I have also lost sight of Darius. I don’t know what he plans to do - he may
very well take the remainder of his army and divide them to fully surround the camp while
keeping us pinned.’
Ritsu cursed as she narrowed her eyes, focusing on the still-approaching line of skeletons
marching through the dust of the explosion. ‘Then keep your focus on the skeletons for now,
but take the shot if you can,’ she ordered. While getting rid of Darius would be ideal, it would
probably attract too much attention and they might end up in an even worse situation. No,

stalling would be the right call here for now. They just needed to buy time for Ren’s group to
succeed and this wouldn’t be a problem anymore. So long as things didn’t get any more
serious.
‘Understood,’ Archer acknowledged. ‘I’ll reposition in the meantime.’ The redheaded Master
nodded in response.
The screech of horses alerted Ritsu. Looking over, she saw Boudica mowing down skeletons
trying to branch out or on the fringes, keeping them focused and centered towards Lu Bu
before darting off back to corral the URE. Astolfo did the same, harrying both fronts easily
with his hippogriff. Slowly, she started to relax a bit. Everything was under control. Sure, the
appearance of a new Servant with his undead army was a ginormous wrench in things, but so
long as they could keep things stalemated, then they should be able to hold out for some
timeA shift in movement on the ground grabbed her attention – and her eyes widened as she saw
the scattered bones on the ground shifting. They were quickly congregating and attaching
back together, piece by piece, bit by bit. Judging from the cloud of bone dust, even the
smallest particles were combining as well. Broken weapons and armor quickly mended
themselves before coming back into the clutches of the reborn soldiers. It wasn’t long before
they were fully reassembled, ready for war.
Ritsu bit back a curse. ‘Archer-!’ she began calling out.
‘I see them,’ the red-mantled hero responded grimly. ‘I guess this army isn’t quite that easy to
eliminate. No doubt the others have already noticed as well. We’ll continue to stall them as
long as we can.’ The redheaded Master nodded as she continued to watch anxiously.
Lu Bu was holding his position, crushing skeleton after skeleton, yet even she could tell the
Berserker was rapidly losing his patience. Boudica and Astolfo were still running as much
interference as possible, the former’s chariot running over her foes while the latter swooped
down with a lance before rapidly ascending, but the undead army were starting to form
positions and formations to hold them off. While arrows still rained down, the showers were
more sporadic as Archer continuously switched positions to make sure Darius couldn’t get a
bead on him and adjust his deployments accordingly.
The redheaded Master held the palisade in a death grip, her knuckles turning white from the
strain as her heartbeats drummed loudly in her ears. They were adapting quickly and despite
everyone’s best efforts, Darius and his army were still gaining ground. Most likely they
would have to form another defensive line. If they were breached, the undead army would
wreak havoc among the far weaker Roman forces. There had to be a way to perhaps deflect
or maybe even stalemate them completelyA loud roar pierced through Ritsu’s ruminations and seized her attention. Looking back in
alarm, her eyes widened as she witnessed Darius bursting out of the dust cloud and charging
straight for the gate, his elephant rapidly reconstructing itself beneath him without slowing. A
beast of that power and size would reduce the camp to splinters no matter what they did, let
alone the Servant himself. “Stop him!” she shrieked. “Stop Darius now!”

That was when everything went wrong.
---------Riding her chariot into battle wasn’t anything new to her. Against lines of soldiers, even less
so. She still remembered plunging into lines of Roman soldiers, roaring savagely as she
lashed out left and right with spear and blade. Outmaneuvering armies and striking their
flanks, intercepting any diverted forces, or running down retreating enemies were all things
she was experienced with. Very few could hold their ground against a direct charge from her
chariot in life.
It was different here, however. Her chariot ran over a number of United Roman Empire
soldiers, their bodies gushed translucent blood as they were flattened by the wheels. Leaning
over, her sword lashed out at those who stood nearby. The momentum of the chariot
combined with her strength as a Servant caused the sword to cleave through their armor and
flesh with ease, leaving nothing but parted torsos and heads in her wake. Yet despite the
ferocity of the attack, the United Roman Empire soldiers didn’t react with shock or fear, nor
did they yield. Instead, they simply defended and forced her back as they rejoined the main
flow.
Scowling, she grabbed the reins of her chariot and pulled away. Corralling the enemy forces
into a single line or group had always been challenging, but the literally fearless soldiers on
both sides certainly made things even harder. It was all she could do to prevent them from
surrounding the camp entirely, let alone actually rout them. And the flow from the city
showed absolutely no signs of stopping or even slowing despite how many they’ve already
destroyed. Still, she could hear the boom of Spartacus’s roars as he continued to fight and
smiled despite herself. He would hold the line.
Her work here done for now, she snapped the reins. Her horses neighed as they thundered
towards the northern front. The situation there was far different: The skeleton soldiers were
tougher than the United Roman Empire constructs, and they were also intelligent – multiple
times she had to reconsider her charges when they saw her coming and quickly formed a
shield wall lined with long spears. Thus, she launched quick forays into any openings she
found, scattering and destroying the skeletons, before withdrawing. It was enough to keep
them hemmed in, but unfortunately not enough to deal lasting damage.
As she rounded a rocky outcrop to assess the situation and see where she would be most
effective, she blinked with surprise as she was met with a gigantic cloud of dust. Most likely
from Archer – she heard the explosion earlier while she had been busy with the United
Roman Empire. Still, as she rode around the outside of the cloud, she could still see shapes of
skeletons moving and marching. Without visibility though, charging in was a fool’s errand.
She needed toSuddenly, a bestial roar resounded from the cloud as Darius burst out, wielding golden axes
and charging toward the camp. At first on foot but his elephant was rapidly constructing itself
right underneath him as the creature continued to stampede. Over it all, she could hear Ritsu
screaming. As fearful as it sounded, she could still make out the words of the Master.
“Stop him! Stop Darius now!”

Boudica narrowed her eyes as she snapped the reins of her chariot once more. The horses
whinnied and quickly began racing to intercept the charging elephant. She quickly took in the
details. The undead elephant was considerably slower than her chariot, but it was far more
massive in comparison. Darius was riding on top of it, roaring in the direction of the camp. If
he hadn’t noticed her yet, he quickly would once she approached. It was surprisingly sparsely
armored – probably because it was hard to craft decent armor for an elephant.
Still, that was something she could work with. She glanced up at Darius for a moment, then
shook her head. While she could climb on top of the elephant to engage him directly, it was a
bad idea: The elephant was Darius’s mount, after all, and could easily buck her off or use its
trunk to cause no end of grief. Not to mention, she wasn’t sure how she would fare in direct
combat with the Servant. She was no coward, but neither was she one to risk battle if it
wouldn’t serve her needs. And finally, even if she could properly engage Darius, the elephant
would still be charging at the camp regardless.
No, that elephant needed to be stopped first.
With a quick tug on the reins, her chariot pulled up and kept pace with the elephant. Darius
was still roaring at the palisades directly ahead of him, not yet noticing the Rider. Ignoring
the Servant (most likely a Berserker judging by his behavior), Boudica pulled in close and
noted the beast’s skeletal leg. No doubt it was a great deal harder than regular bone, though it
was a bit of comfort there wasn’t any hide or flesh to soften the blows. She needed to work
quick and fast, however, before Darius noticed.
Holding her sword out, she focused her mana into the blade. It quickly began glowing with
power as it gathered strength. Darius, noticing the flux of energy, looked over and roared in
rage at her, but by then it was too late. Boudica swung her sword at the elephant’s leg in a full
arc.
“Sword of Boudica!” she cried.
The blade flashed and created a beam of energy as it cleaved the elephant’s leg, completely
severing and breaking the thick bone with a deafening crack. The beast bellowed in both rage
and alarm as it immediately tripped over its shortened leg and tipped over, taking down the
maddened Darius with it. Pushed forward by its inertia (and what appeared to be skeletons
composing its back half), the elephant could do nothing but crash hard into the ground.
Boudica smiled a bit in satisfaction. Puffing a bit to catch her breath, she prepared to break
away and resume her usual duty. Utilizing her Noble Phantasm had taken no small amount of
mana from her, but it was more than worth it in this case. From the corner of her eye, she
could see Lu Bu fast approaching to engage Darius as arrows rained down on the skeleton
soldiers racing past the Berserker. He should be able to handle the Persian King. With a snap
of the reins, she pulled awayAnd nearly ran straight into a shield wall, bristling with spears. Her horses were almost
skewered before they reared with loud whinnies. Boudica with a startled scowl jerked on the
reins to lead them away. She glanced over at the shield wall in surprise. Where did they come
from? She was certain those soldiers weren’t there a moment ago – had Darius formed them

up around her while she had been distracted? Considering how the skeletons could simply
reconstruct themselves, she wouldn’t be surprised.
Discarding the thought, she quickly thundered aside to retreat, only for more skeletons
bearing shields and spears to appear blocking her way. No matter which way she turned,
more and more appeared, slowly but surely hemming her in. Jumping over them was out of
the question – they would simply raise their spears and skewer her chariot then and there. She
contemplated simply flying over the soldiers, then just as quickly shut the idea down. While
she didn’t see any archers among the skeleton soldiers, she did see no small amount of javelin
throwers. She would be shot out of the sky before she could get away.
As she began contemplating the possibility of using another Noble Phantasm to break out, the
trumpeting of the elephant caught her attention. It was back up and stampeding like it had
never been injured in the first place, with Darius bellowing in rage. However, it seemed they
had changed targets. They were no longer trying to directly charge the camp.
They were barreling straight for her.
Eyes widening, she quickly looked about her for an escape route. Unfortunately, she was
hemmed in on every side by the skeletal soldiers. She started charging forward to break
through when she caught a golden gleam in the corner of her eye. Jerking the reins hard to the
side, the horses swiftly turned – and she barely managed to dodge the golden axe that had
been flung right at her chariot with inhuman force. However, the hard turn forced the chariot
up on one wheel, then it flipped and bucked Boudica out, forcing her to crash on the ground
as it vanished before it could come to harm.
With a scowl, the Rider staggered up, sword and shield in hand, as she assessed the situation
once more: Skeleton soldiers on all sides, all bearing shields and weaponry. The elephant was
still stampeding towards her, with Darius bellowing at her. There wasn’t enough space around
her now to properly summon her chariot, and Sword of Boudica wasn’t strong enough to
punch a hole through for her escape. Archer was busy holding the line and Lu Bu was still
too far away. As she turned to face the elephant, a shout filled her ears.
“Come on, Hippy!”
The Rider watched with surprise as Astolfo swooped down on his hippogriff with unnatural
swiftness, his lance outstretched as he charged Darius off his elephant. The Persian king
roared with rage as he barely blocked in time with his golden axes but was nevertheless flung
into the air and sent flying off his elephant a good distance away. Boudica could only watch
in astonishment – and some amusement – as Astolfo soared off as the Berserker’s roars
became fainter and fainter. The Paladin may be… eccentric, but he was certainly full of
surprises.
The momentum from the elephant slowed down considerably from the sheer impact of
Astolfo’s hippogriff as it stumbled, trying to regain its footing. As the soldiers started closing
in around her, she smiled as she whirled her sword. She charged in, leaping over the spears of
the skeleton soldiers and cutting them down as she ran towards the elephant.

The beast glared at her as she approached and trumpeted before raising its head to slam its
trunk and tusks on her. Boudica sidestepped into a spot between the tusks and trunk, before
holding up her shield to parry the latter. She gritted her teeth as the mass slammed down past
her; it was far harder and more solid than she had expected of it. Glancing over, she soon saw
why: The shield had torn some of the fabric around the trunk, revealing it as nothing more
than a construct of yet more skeletons, and lined with swords on top of that.
Boudica breathed an annoyed sigh before deflecting a swarm of spears that reached
underneath the elephant. Glancing up at the skeletal structure, there were no organs or vitals
she could pierce nor were there any arteries she could slice. There weren’t even any sinews
she could cut to hamper its movement.
She deflected another onslaught of spears. If that was the case, then she simply had to sever
the spine. It brought back memories of running down boars with spears. Tough, but doable.
She hopped up into the ribcage – and found herself hanging on for dear life as the elephant
began stomping and running all around, as though it was now aware that there was an
intruder within itself.
Gritting her teeth, she unsummoned her shield and sword as she moved from rib to rib,
clinging on with both hands and legs to avoid getting thrown off. Once she was at where the
spine connected to the skull, she began making her way up, nearly getting jolted off as the
elephant reared while trumpeting in rage and panic before stomping down, sending a
shockwave that jarred her body up to her skull. Several times she had to readjust her grip to
avoid slipping off. If she let go now, she would be trampled underneath its feet.
Nevertheless, she hung on, and climbed. Eventually, she got to the spine. It was thickest
where it met the skull, which was what she expected. Releasing one hand from the rib, she
summoned her sword. The blade began glowing once more as she focused her mana into it.
“Sword of Boudica!” she cried.
She swung her blade at the spine, the slash and beam leaving a deep gash in the bone.
Thrusting her sword into the gap, she roared as she fired countless mana blasts into the
section, drilling through with each one. Finally, after agonizing seconds, the spine broke with
a resounding snap. The elephant collapsed into a heap of bones with one last defiant trumpet.
Boudica leaped gracefully down as bones fell all around her, including the skeletons that had
been pushing its back half.
Boudica glanced over at the elephant’s skull, collapsing and shattering into pieces as it landed
on the ground as the undead army roared all around her in rage and defiance. Good. That’s at
least one threat dealt with. The soldiers were still dangerous but none of them could
individually destroy the palisades or camp. Archer would take care of any skeletons who
weren’t occupied with Lu Bu. She just needed to remount and go from thereA roar behind her caught her attention – and her eyes widened as she saw the hulking form of
Darius before her, his mouth agape in a snarl as he held his battle axe aloft. And it was
coming down straight for her. It was coming too fast for her to dodge, and it would sheer
through her shield and sword if she tried to block it. Her mind raced through any method to
escape but kept coming up short-

“BOUDICA!!”
The Rider barely had time to look before she was roughly shoved aside. Crashing amidst the
bones, she looked up to see what happened – and her eyes widened in horror as she witnessed
Darius’s golden axe cleaving right into Astolfo’s chest, his lance knocked aside by the
Berserker’s other axe. “ASTOLFO!” she screamed in horror as she quickly scrambled up to
her feet.
Just as she was about to charge, the line of skeletons suddenly exploded as Lu Bu burst
through, whirling his halberd. His eyes rested on Darius and he roared in challenge. Darius
roared back in response and flung Astolfo aside with a single swing. Boudica immediately
dove after him and caught the pink-haired Paladin in her arms. She glanced up to see Lu Bu
and Darius charging at each other, but there was no time right now. Taking off, her chariot
quickly formed underneath her as the skeletons closed in.
“Chariot of Boudica!” she roared in desperation.
The wheels on the chariot glowed and lit themselves aflame as it thundered onward. The
drain on her mana from using three Noble Phantasms back-to-back were wearing on her as
she struggled to hold up Astolfo, who was rapidly bleeding out. Charging through the horde
of skeletons, she looked up as Ritsu jumped off the walls while tossing aside her helmet and
wig as she stared with eyes wide in horror. While she wanted to admonish Ritsu for risking
her safety like that, she barely had the breath to anymore. She needed to conserve her
strength.
Besides, she understood better than most what the Master was feeling.
Stopping by the redhead, she gently deposited Astolfo on the ground as Ritsu immediately
knelt beside the Paladin. She looked sympathetically down at the Master as she immediately
started using magecraft to treat him, then turned away. With a crack of the reins, the horses
began galloping again, bearing Boudica back into battle. Summoning her sword and shield to
her hands, the Rider lifted her blade as she thundered toward the undead army once more and
roared.
---------“Damnit!”
Ritsu had tossed aside her helmet, and with it the wig of blonde hair. It had been far too
stifling and limited her vision too much for her to work with. Her own natural orange hair
shone brightly in the morning sun. She had given the game away as a body double but at this
point, it really didn’t matter. With an army bearing down like this and this much time passed,
they would be screwed whether Nero was here or not.
Bestial roars echoed throughout the plains. Glancing over, she could see the flash of red from
Lu Bu, his halberd gleaming as he wielded it with surprising skill. Darius roared back, his
massive golden battle axes in his hands. Each time they clashed, the sound was like that of
meteors striking metal, ringing with a din that surpassed anything the URE could make as

they continued their non-stop march. Around them were the war cries of Boudica running
down scores of skeletons as arrows fell like rain.
But that wasn’t important. All Ritsu could focus on was Astolfo in her arms, her hand
glowing green as she desperately exhausted the mystic code’s energy. Her eyes stared in
horror at the gigantic wound in Astolfo’s chest, refusing to close despite her fervent efforts.
Her ears could only hear his pained gasps and weak reassurances. Everything, her so-called
brilliant plan, had fallen apart.
“Damnit, damnit, damnit! WHY?!?” she screamed as the power finally faded. The Chaldean
Master uniform was a mystic code imbued with magecraft specifically designed to support
Servants. Unfortunately, it required the mana from its wearer in order to utilize, and she
didn’t have anywhere close to enough. Just that one use of the magecraft already left her
panting for breath. It also meant that the heal she gave Astolfo hadn’t been anywhere close to
enough. She didn’t have Ren or Morgana’s personas, or even the healing scroll that Mash
carried with her for emergencies. She had nothing left. Or rather, she had nothing to begin
with.
“Please, it’s alright,” Astolfo rasped out and chuckled before coughing out some blood. “I got
careless. Happens all the time with me. It’s okay, Ritsu. It’ll be… okay….”
The Master’s tears streamed down as she held the pink-haired Rider in her arms. Already he
was dissolving once more into golden particles. As she clutched him tighter, she glanced over
and saw the command seals on her own hand – and her eyes widened. “Astolfo,” she said as
she held them up for the Paladin to see. “Make a contract with me! Please! I can- I can still
save you! M-make a contract with me as my Servant!”
The Paladin blinked in surprise, then weakly chuckled again. “I-it wouldn’t help,” he gasped
out as he tapped his chest. His voice was weak but it was clear he was trying to maintain as
much energy as he could. “Spirit core’s destroyed. Can’t heal that, unfortunately.”
“Wha- no, no!” Ritsu stammered. “We don’t know unless we try! Please make a contract with
me! PLEASE!”
Astolfo simply smiled up at Ritsu. “It was a short time, Ritsu,” he murmured. “But… I had
fun. With you, with Morgana, with everyone. I’m glad I went on this adventure with you.”
He gently reached over and wiped a tear away from her. “S-so smile, okay…? You got a
bigger adventure ahead of you! It’ll be a lot of fun!”
“I… but I…” she could only stammer as more tears leaked out. Astolfo had mostly vanished
by now. There was nothing she could do. The Paladin said nothing more. He simply closed
his eyes and smiled up at her. And a second later, he was gone, leaving Ritsu kneeling in the
dirt.
This was her fault. Astolfo died and it was her fault. If... If she had contracted with him
sooner. If she had more mana. If she had a Persona like Ren or Morgana did. If they could’ve
communicated telepathically. If she could’ve used a command seal on him.
She could have…

--------Flaurous had been relatively manageable thus far. This wasn’t their first experience with a
demon pillar, after all. If anything, that surprised them the most was how small he was. He
only stretched up to the ceiling of the (admittedly massive) throne room, with his width
proportional to the height. The result was a less intimidating sight than Orobas had been
overall. One might even say he was laughable in comparison in terms of size and scale.
His power, however, spoke a different story.
Each eye blasted out mana beams that left scorch trails behind as they aimed at each Servant
and Master. Nero wove through each beam with supernatural grace and did a passing slice on
Flauros, the demon pillar spilling dark purple blood from the wound before it sealed itself up.
Medusa darted out from behind a pillar and whipped out her spikes, impaling an eye before
withdrawing back behind a support column to take cover from the retaliating onslaught of
power.
“Curse you, Romulus,” Flauros growled. “What have you done to this throne room?!” No
matter the amount of mana blasts he had fired or what the Servants had done, the room
seemed to be taking no damage whatsoever. The support columns still stood strong as not
even a single crack had appeared in the masonry of the hall. To think his might could be
withstood by humanity’s sandcastles and some ant’s powers!
“Guess it just isn’t big enough for your hot air!” Morgana taunted before jumping away from
a beam fired in response. Tamamo Cat screeched as she leaped over Morgana and clawed out
another two eyes in retaliation – and squeaked in shock as a beam struck her in her gut,
slamming her against a wall. “Tama!” the catlike being cried out before summoning Zorro
and rapidly healing her. “You okay?”
“Never better, woof! I mean, meow!” Tamamo Cat chirped as she sprang back up, dusting her
kimono off. “Ugh, I’d have to soak him for a long time in water and honey to tenderize his
meat! I’m not even sure how to properly season him!”
Morgana could only blink in surprise. “Uh, Tama?” he called out as he ducked behind
another column. “Maybe focus on how to cook him after this? We kinda have our hands full
here!”
Tamamo Cat blinked, then nodded. “Right, right!” she agreed easily before pouncing back
into battle.
The Caster miko simply shook her head in disbelief. “I honestly cannot fathom the thoughts
of that tail of mine,” she grumbled as she threw a swarm of talismans. Each one covered an
eye that then exploded, lighting the demon pillar’s flesh on fire as Flauros roared in pain and
outrage.
The flames were soon followed by another explosion of blue fire, causing the fires to burn
even hotter and spread further on the demon pillar. “Well, she’s doing her best,” Ren
remarked with a grin as Fafnir faded from behind him. Raising his gun, he fired several shots

at the demon pillar, easily nailing several of its eyes. Considering how red and bulbous they
were, they made incredibly tempting targets to hit.
“You insolent PESTS!!” Flauros roared as he began blasting out superheated smoke that
rapidly filled the throne room.
Mash raced forward. “Everyone, behind me!” she cried. “True name, Pseudo register.
Disengaging mana limiters!’ As everyone immediately dove behind her, Mash’s shield
started glowing brightly as mana gathered. Ren glanced over at Mash, prepared to offer any
support if necessary. However, he saw the determination and concentration on her face and
could only smile.
“Lord Chaldeas!”
Roaring out the name of her Noble Phantasm, Mash slammed her shield down in front of her
as a large magic circle appeared in front, glowing with power and energy. The superheated
smoke crashed against the circle, then flowed around it like water around a rock. The barrier
crackled as Mash pushed back against the force, but neither her nor her shield yielded. While
it got tremendously hot behind her, it wasn’t anything they couldn’t withstand. Soon, the
smoke abated and the glowing circle vanished, leaving all of them sweating but otherwise
very much alive.
The many eyes of Flaurous widened and glared at them. “You are more stubborn than
cockroaches!” he snarled. “Know your place, all of you, and vanish from sight!”
“If I had a can of tuna every time I heard that…” Morgana grumbled as he darted out from
behind Mash’s shield, summoning Zorro and launching a gust of razor wind at yet another
eye.
“You’d have at least five or six cans,” Ren answered without missing a beat as he switched
masks. “Probably more.” Despite utilizing his personas so much here, he barely felt any
exhaustion. His circuits were burning hot throughout his body, but otherwise he had plenty of
stamina - enough to unerringly aim for the eyes and coordinate with the other Servants
without issue. He recalled the warmth that had flowed from Romulus before he disappeared.
Did the Progenitor leave him some sort of blessing?
An eye turned and glared at Ren directly. Suddenly, Loki appeared in front of him, directly
cutting off the eye’s vision – and the Avenger burst into flame. “LOKI!” Ren cried in horror.
Rapidly summoning Dionysus, he rapidly used an Amrita Shower to quell the flames. “Are
you alright?” he asked.
The trickster god scowled as they brushed the ash off themselves. “This idiot can set people
on fire with a gaze, it seems,” they snarled without bothering to answer Ren’s question.
“Keep your heads down if you don't want to burn to cinders!” With that, they vanished again
in an ill temper before Ren could heal them. The Phantom Thief scowled but complaining
wouldn’t help matters. Instead, he switched masks in his mind.
“Attis!”

The bandaged persona appeared once more and boosted everyone’s capabilities with the glow
of tri-colored lights, then boosted them yet again. He tried using debilitate on Flauros with
Fafnir earlier but the demon pillar shook off the effects rather quickly. But still, it didn’t seem
like he could cancel the boosts he could give the others, so he might as well keep their
capabilities up.
He glanced over to Nero. He hadn’t been the only one blessed by Romulus before his
passing; the emperor had been dodging the beams with almost the speed of a Servant as her
gladius easily sliced through the demon pillar’s flesh like a hot knife through butter. Two eyes
above her turned to her direction, glowing as they charged up with mana – and splattered as
two burning swords sped through the air and sank deep into them, causing the mana to
explode.
“My thanks, auxiliary Joan!” Nero cried out.
Joan scowled as she readjusted the grip on her banner. “Keep an eye on your surroundings!”
she barked. “We can’t always watch your back!” Deflecting a beam with her sword, she flung
her banner like a javelin where it sank deep into another eye of the demon pillar.
The emperor gave a bright laugh. “It is easy to take for granted when one is surrounded by
such doughty allies!” she called back. “But your caution is warranted! I shall take heed!”
Ren quietly considered as he hid behind a pillar, considering his options as he scanned the
situation with his Third Eye. Flauros was proving immensely difficult to take down. They
were resorting to various hit-and-run tactics thanks to the constant bombardment of lasers
from his eyes. Romulus had given them the blessing of cover thanks to him making the
throne room seemingly indestructible, but their options were few and slim.
First, Flauros was proving immensely difficult to take down. He supposedly had only two
attacks: The laser beams and superheated smoke. The problem was that, aside from their
sheer power, he could fire the beams all around him since the demon pillar was lined with
eyes. By the same token, it also meant he had no blind spots they could exploit. He could also
spout that superheated smoke all around him and even if it didn’t hurt them directly, it still
raised the temperature of the room. If done enough times, he could very well just bake them
in here. In short, he had only two attacks because he didn’t need anything else.
Second, they didn’t have much in terms of sheer firepower. While he wasn’t sure about
Tamamo Cat, none of the group had the sheer destructive power that Artoria and Jeanne
brought to bear in Orleans: Power that could obliterate a demon pillar in one go. The only
thing that came close to that was probably Medusa’s Pegasus, but she had no way to utilize it
properly within the throne room. A downside of the area’s invincibility.
In short, right now it was a battle of attrition. Something that Flauros would undoubtedly win.
“Useless, useless, USELESS!” Flauros roared as he shot multiple beams at once, forcing
everyone away to take cover. “I am a supreme being, the pinnacle of existence! All of you are
ants compared to my very existence! So like ants, PERISH UNDER MY WRATH!”

All of the demon pillar’s eyes widened as superheated smoke started billowing out again.
Mash didn’t even hesitate – charging forward, her shield glowed bright as she roared the
name of her Noble Phantasm once more:
“Lord Chaldeas!”
Once more, everyone took cover behind the shielder’s Noble Phantasm as she braced herself
against the countless mana blasts combined with the superheated smoke. However, it was
clear she was starting to strain herself. Ren glanced back at the others. “Anybody got
anything?” he asked.
Tamamo frowned. “I will be able to provide energy to myself and others with my Noble
Phantasm,” she recommended. “However, it will take a bit of time and energy to set up –
time and energy we might not have.”
“Then we’ll buy you time!” Morgana shouted. As for energy, the catlike being raised his paw
as his command seals started to glow. “By my command seal,” he intoned. “Use your Noble
Phantasm, Caster!” One of the lines on the seal flashed as it took effect, then faded away,
leaving two more on his paw. Tamamo meanwhile began glowing red as she surged with
mana, her mirror floating about her. Meanwhile, Ren turned back to Mash, who was still
holding out though she was straining as the temperature around them kept rising.
“Lachesis!”
The Measurer of the Thread appeared once more. With a shift of her hand, sculptures of ice
burst into being behind Mash’s shield – and rapidly began melting thanks to the heat.
However, thanks to the billowing smoke, it sent cool vapor downwind toward them, lowering
the temperature and making the situation more bearable. “How are you holding up, Mash?”
he called out as he utilized Mabufula again to continue cooling them down.
The Shielder gritted her teeth as she continued pushing back against the onslaught. “I-it’s a
bit difficult, senpai!” she admitted. “But I can hold out until Tamamo can finish her Noble
Phantasm!” The weight and power against her shield felt incredible, but she would hold the
line regardless. For the sake of her senpai and everyone who stood behind her. Out of the
corner of her eye, she could see multiple illusory torii gates appearing around them – and
almost buckled in surprise as Flauros’s attacked redoubled.
“Let us freely become the proof of purification,” Tamamo chanted as mana gathered within
her mirror from the torii gates, which floated above them above the smoke. “Thy name is the
Weighted Stone of Tamamo. Become the sacred treasure, Mirror of Uka!” The power
coalesced into a glimmering ball of energy around the mirror as Tamamo jumped up, grasped
the orb, and threw it to the ground. It sank right in and spread its power throughout the
ground, filling her allies with power and strength as any injuries they had sealed up.
“Eightfold Blessing of Amaterasu!”
Ren blinked as he felt power flow through his veins. It felt different than when Romulus
granted him strength, but it still felt good, nevertheless. A glance at the other Servants was all
he needed to verify they felt the same. Even Mash seemed to be withstanding Flauros’s

assault better thanks to Tamamo’s Noble Phantasm – which led to the problem of the demon
pillar still attacking with beams, smoke, and trying to set them on fire with his gaze.
He turned to Joan. “Think you can shut him up?” Ren asked, jerking a thumb over at the
demon pillar.
The Lancer narrowed her eyes as she flexed her fingers. “That boost was good but I’m gonna
need a bit more,” she reported bluntly. Joan nodded at Ren’s hand. “Give the order, and I’ll
take care of it.”
The Phantom Thief smirked as he raised his own hand, his command seals now glowing as
well. “By my command seal, Joan,” he intoned. “Give Flauros hell.” The seals flashed
brightly as Joan began emitting an aura of power. One seal became faded and indistinct,
leaving two remaining.
“Did you have to phrase it like that…?” Joan grumbled with a roll of her eyes. Nevertheless,
she raised her banner and thudded it against the ground. Countless large flaming swords
appeared all around Flauros and darted straight for him. The demon pillar’s eyes immediately
swiveled around trying to shoot them down but there were far too many. Many of them
collided with the demon pillar, exploding in bursts of blue flame that incinerated chunks of
flesh and eyes, rendering him blind as Flauros roared in frustration and pain. The smoke
vanished as he reeled from the attack, finally stopping his assault.
“Fafnir!”
The draconic persona appeared once more behind Ren, large and daunting. As it roared,
multiple nuclear explosions set off all around Flauros, causing Joan’s flames to burn hotter
and brighter, burning away the demon pillar’s flesh like hellfire. Taking that as their signal,
the Servants all split up and, using the power from Tamamo’s Noble Phantasm, mounted a
relentless assault on Flauros. As Tamamo Cat pounced and started clawing away at the
demon pillar, Loki appeared high above and stabbed Flauros with their red serrated sword. As
they fell, gravity caused the blade to carve a long, bloody furrow as the Avenger laughed
madly.
Tamamo observed the chaos, then flung several talismans at Flauros, each of them creating a
howling gale. Fed by her winds, the flames on the demon pillar even higher as they continued
burning away remorselessly. Morgana followed suit with Zorro, using his winds as well to
fan the flames further. As a few unaffected eyes tried to turn and focus on their attackers,
Medusa darted out from the shadows and flung her spikes. They stabbed out each eye,
rendering them unable to retaliate as the Rider quickly fell back and sought out other eyes,
ensuring Flauros couldn’t regain his momentum.
Meanwhile, Mash rushed forward, then stopped short of Flauros while holding up her shield.
“Joan!” she called out. The Lancer looked at the Shielder, rapidly put two and two together,
and charged. As she approached, Joan leaped up onto Mash’s shield, then was catapulted into
the air. Now airborne, she fired off multiple flaming swords as she began a flurry of blows
from her banner and her own blade, carving her way down. In the meantime, Mash charged
in, and with a wild roar, smashed the prong of her shield into Flauros. The blow sent a

shockwave through the air as it sank into the demon pillar’s flesh before Mash withdrew her
shield, used the momentum to spin around, and struck Flauros again.
Flaurous roared in pain and frustration. Every time he tried to regroup, he was stymied. His
eyes couldn’t recover fast enough to put down suppressive fire. He couldn’t use the
superheated smoke anymore. His strength was rapidly waning as his regeneration became
slower and slower. He was running out of options here and could only scream in impotent
rage.
One eye high above managed to recover and glared directly at Ren. That boy – that Master –
was the one coordinating this. With his unorthodox magecraft and tactics, he had been made
a mockery of! Humanity was weak! He should not be losing! Yet here he was! IN that case,
the solution was simple: Deal with him first. The rest would follow. As he prepared his eye,
he saw Ren glancing up at him, then smirk. And although he was too far to hear clearly, he
could see the accursed Master mouth a word. Or rather, a name.
“Flauros!”
The eye widened as a being appeared in a flash of blue flame. It looked like a bipedal red
leopard, with some sort of black tower-like shoulder attachments. It was hunched over, with
another black attachment rising from the top of its back, complete with some dark fabric
wrapping around its forepaws that ended in spikes at the end of its ‘knuckles’. In short, it
looked utterly ridiculous.
And yet, despite the sheer stupidity of its appearance, Flauros felt like he was staring at a
mirror. He didn’t know how to describe it, yet he knew that that… thing was him, beyond a
shadow of a doubt. The sheer absurdity of that realization combined with its appearance
completely and utterly stunned him. Rage, frustration, mockery, amusement – they all warred
with each other within him, forestalling any sort of response from him.
Before he could properly react, the creature that wasn’t him snarled and swung its ‘fist’ at
him – and suddenly, something sliced his eye, rendering him blind once more. Screaming
with rage and pain as his body started falling to pieces, he bellowed, “You DARE mock me
with…. With that abomination?! I will tear all of you limb from limb! I will incinerate every
part of your body until not even ashes remain! You believe you have won!? You have won
nothing! NOTHING! I am infinite! Eternal! YOU CANNOT KILL ME!”
Amidst it all, Nero charged forward. Morgana glanced over and summoned Zorro, who drew
a pattern in the air with his rapier. Once again, the emperor was illuminated momentarily by
the three colored lights entering her body. “Go get ‘em, Nero!” the catlike being cheered.
The emperor didn’t respond. Instead, she cut a deep furrow in Flauros. “For my empire!” she
cried.
An eye popped out in front of her that she rapidly sliced apart. “For my people!”
Then using the demon pillar’s own body, she leaped high into the air with her gladius raised.
Perhaps it was the fires blazing on Flauros that reflected off her blade, but Ren could’ve
sworn her sword was wrapped in flames. Nero plunged the gladius deep into the demon

pillar, shoving the sword all the way up to the hilt. “FOR ROMA!” she roared before jumping
off, pulling the blade out in the process.
Dark blood poured out of Flauros’s numerous wounds as he burned to cinders. With a final
roar of frustrated defiance, he dissolved into black particles, and he was no more. In his
place, on the ground was a large golden chalice. A Grail.
Ren breathed a heavy sigh as his Flauros persona faded away. The strength from the blessing
finally fading, he shuffled over to the Grail and picked it up. The metal was warm to the
touch and felt both heavy and light in his grip. However, he could feel the thrum of power
through his hand as it glimmered brightly.
“That is quite the treasure, legate.”
The Phantom Thief looked over at Nero, who was eyeing the Grail in curiosity, and chuckled.
“It is,” he agreed. “And it’s also been the source of everything going weird here. Now that it’s
been recovered, things should go back to normal.”
Nero blinked in surprise, then breathed a deep, long sigh of relief, almost sagging on the spot.
“Then… it is over,” she breathed. “We have won. This war is over. All the pain and suffering
my people have gone through, all the damage that has been done, all the grave insults… it’s
finally over.”
Ren smiled and was about to answer before he received a ping from his communicator.
Tapping it, he saw the holographic image of Roman once more. “Ren!” he called out. “I’m
reading a Grail in your vicinity. I take it you guys have recovered it?”
Chuckling, he held it up in front of the hologram. “Right here in my hand,” the Phantom
Thief confirmed. “Romulus and Lev – or Flauros, rather – are both taken down. Is there
anything else we need to take care of or are we all wrapped up here?”
Roman looked aside at a couple other monitors, his brow furrowed in concentration and
concern. “Some… issues outside,” he admitted, causing Ren’s jubilant mood to drop.
“However, with your recovery of the Grail, that’s resolving itself. Good work, Ren and
Morgana. The singularity will soon collapse so we’ll get you out of there. We already have a
lock on your location so say your goodbyes!”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “Alright then,” he acknowledged before hanging up. Looking
up, he noticed that Tamamo Cat was glowing as her body started vanishing into golden
particles.
“Welp, this is the end of line for me, woof. I mean, meow,” she commented with a small
smile. The Berserker looked over at Morgana. “Out of curiosity, master,” she said. “Are you
happy where you are? You’re not going to have the spotlight on you often, you know, but you
seem okay with that.”
Morgana blinked in surprise, then grinned. “Well, I still get a good amount of the spotlight,”
he replied easily. “But honestly? I’m just here to support my best friend however I can. That’s
more than good enough for me!”

Tamamo Cat blinked in surprise, then she gave a gentle smile. “I see, I see,” she noted
quietly. “In that case, I shall cheer you from afar, my gallant master. I wished I could have
made some more fatty tuna for you and see you smile, but this is good enough. Until then,
stay safe and eat well!” She flashed one last grin before fully dissolving into golden particles,
and then she was gone.
The catlike being’s ears sagged a bit. “I’ll try to,” he replied, then sighed. “No fatty tuna
anytime soon though.”
Nero, meanwhile, had been watching what had been happening. “You are departing already?”
she asked in surprise. “Though there is much I must rebuild, I thought at the very least, I had
planned it so we can spend a night or two celebrating our victory. Must you leave so soon?”
Ren smiled apologetically as he shook his head. “We can’t stick around,” he replied.
“Technically, me and my friends aren’t supposed to be here either. While we would have
been more than honored to join you in celebrating, it’s time for us to head back. There’s lots
to do and other places we need to resolve after all.”
The emperor blinked in surprise as everyone gathered around Ren. Aside from Nero, they all
began glowing as they were being summoned back to Chaldea. She could only laugh sadly.
“So it seems,” she murmured. “You are quite busy, after all. I had hoped at least to bestow
rewards and adulation on all of you, but that shall not come to pass. However, perhaps I can
at least grant one honor to the man who made this victory possible.”
Before anyone could react, Nero wrapped her arms around Ren and pressed her lips to his.
The Phantom Thief could only blink in surprise, unsure how to react properly as Mash’s
mouth dropped open and Loki tried to withhold their laughter on the side. Nero broke the kiss
and stepped back. “Emperor’s prerogative,” she said simply, as if that explained everything.
She turned to the others. “I know not where you go, Chaldea, but you have proven stalwart
allies through this entire war,” Nero declared. “That shall not be forgotten. Know that I owe
you a debt that I cannot easily repay, but if I can render any assistance at all, then I shall do so
without hesitation. Until then, I bid all of you farewell. May victory forever follow you!”
Ren blinked and opened his mouth to answer, but suddenly everything around him flashed
brightly as Chaldea withdrew them from the singularity.
And then all he saw was darkness.

Chapter End Notes

Oh my god. Yes, we are finally, finally, FINALLY done with Septem after all this time!
Learn from my mistakes, kids - never, ever, EVER write a war campaign thinking it will
be a quick thing. It isn't. It never is. Sure, we got a lot of great character interactions,
fights and development but this singularity lasted an entire YEAR IRL. I'm hoping the
next events and singularities I write aren't going to be nearly as long (in fact, I pray for it

at this point) or this story will take the better part of a century to finish. I do wanna
finish this fic before I have to literally retire, after all.
That being said, I do hope you guys enjoyed this little foray into a bit of original
writing! I'll be sure to keep it up if you enjoyed it! If not... I'm deeply sorry and will try
to do better!
If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.com/invite/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 94: Homecoming
Chapter Summary

A long awaited homecoming - and troubles.

Chapter Notes

TATGO has a TV Tropes page! Please contribute when you can!
https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Fanfic/TheTricksterAndTheGrandOrder

See the end of the chapter for more notes

A swirl of light and colors blinded them as they were summoned back to Chaldea, just as
disorienting as when they first were sent to Septem. It was a sensation that was incredibly
hard to get used to, but after a short interval, there was a bright light… then darkness and
silence. Just the sound of their own breathing within tight compartments. Then there was a
hiss as a crack of light appeared, slowly widening, then it opened fully, revealing the sterile
floor and walls of Chaldea, and the smiling figures of Romani and Da Vinci.
They were home.
“Welcome back!” Roman greeted as Ren, Morgana, and Mash stepped out of their coffins. “I
know you guys are tired so we can hold off on the debriefing for now. I just want to do a
quick health check and see if you guys need anything before you head off to your rooms. I’m
guessing you guys want to rest for now, right?”
Ren grinned. The strength boost from Romulus had long since faded, as well as his
adrenaline. He could feel all too well his aching muscles and burning circuits throughout his
body. And now that he was back in Chaldea – back in actual safety – he could also feel all his
bones turn to jelly and his body loosen to an alarming degree. “That would be great, yeah,”
he agreed. He turned to his companions. “I’m guessing you guys feel the same?”
Morgana sagged as he transformed back into his cat form. Sitting, he yawned as he replied,
“Same. I’m honestly about to pass out. Back-to-back battles aren’t anything new, but they
sure as heck never get any easier. I could do with some tuna or curry after sleeping for
about…. Twenty hours or so?” The Phantom Thief had to chuckle a bit at his best friend’s
complaints.

Mash had returned to her regular ensemble that she normally wore in Chaldea: Glasses,
combined with a lab coat, black top with red tie, and skirt with leggings. “I’m not as tired, but
still weary,” she admitted. “I think I’ll try to work on a report for a bit before resting. It is
better to at least have a start on that than beginning with nothing, after all.”
“Ryuji could definitely learn from you,” Morgana grumbled, leading to a confused look from
Mash as Ren chuckled once more.
“I certainly could use some time to freshen up,” Tamamo sighed as she brushed some ash off
her kimono. “That battle was certainly straining, even for Servants. Perhaps a shower with a
cup of tea would be best.” She turned to look over at Archer, Medusa, and Joan. “Would you
care to join me for tea?” she asked.
Archer and Medusa blinked (or in the latter case, started) in mild surprise as they glanced at
each other. Then the former smirked. “I don’t see why not,” he replied. “I believe I saw some
decent snacks that go well with matcha tea in the storerooms. I’ll join you.”
Medusa was silent for a second, partially considering and partially hesitating. “Perhaps for a
moment,” she conceded haltingly.
Joan didn’t respond. In fact, she didn’t even seem to notice she was being addressed until she
felt eyes on her. Blinking in surprise, she pointed to herself. “Wait, you were asking me too?”
she asked in shock.
Tamamo rolled her eyes. “Yes,” she confirmed. “I thought I made that abundantly evident.”
The Lancer blinked again, clearly not expecting any sort of invitation. As she tried to find
some way to refuse, the door to the rayshift room opened as two women walked in: Jeanne
and Marie. “Welcome back!” Jeanne chirped. “Apologies for the delay – we only just heard
you had returned. I hope we are not interrupting anything?”
“Caster was inviting Joan and us for tea,” Medusa murmured, surprising everyone in the
vicinity. Ren could swear he saw a faint smirk on the Rider’s face. “And I believe she was
just about to join us.”
“Wha-“ Joan spluttered.
“Oh, that sounds fun!” Jeanne exclaimed. “Is it alright if I joined as well? Or is that too much
trouble? I do wish to hear about this singularity, after all.”
Tamamo looked at Joan, then Jeanne, then smiled widely. “It is no trouble at all, Jeanne,” she
assured the Ruler. “I have no doubt you are fabulous company. I shall wash first, but Archer?
Might I trouble you to provide some snacks?”
Archer smirked in response. “Easily done,” he replied. “Jeanne, Joan, Rider. Would you come
with me and see what would be to your liking?”
“Of course,” Medusa replied quietly, her smirk widening ever so slightly as she approached
the red-mantled hero. Jeanne grinned eagerly at Joan before following suit. Joan in turn could

only shoot a glare at Tamamo (who smiled innocently in response) before sullenly following
the others, knowing she was defeated.
As soon as they left, Tamamo’s face morphed into an expression of utmost seriousness as she
gestured to the last Servant: Loki. “And what should we do about this one?” the Caster asked.
Roman frowned in response, looking at the Avenger. “For now, they’re under house arrest in
their room,” he stated. “They’re to be visible at all times and monitored 24/7. Entering spirit
form or the Metaverse without explicit permission is grounds for immediate desummoning.”
He glanced over at Ren and Morgana. “Will that work for you guys?”
Ren nodded without hesitation. “Works for me,” he replied.
Morgana huffed. “I still think they’re getting off lightly,” he muttered.
Loki in the meantime had been scanning their nails, dressed in their detective prince uniform
once more as though they couldn’t be any less concerned about their predicament. “Well, it
was fun while it lasted,” they replied simply with a shrug as they looked up. “I’ll admit, my
work was pretty sloppy there so no complaints about me about the whole situation. If that’s
the case, I don’t suppose you mind being my escort back to my room, Caster?”
Tamamo glared at the trickster god. “Mind your tongue and attitude,” she snapped. “Consider
yourself fortunate your fate is not my decision, else I would personally slap dozens of seals
on you – starting with that flapping mouth of yours. Now move. And I will only trust that for
now, you’ll behave yourself.” Once more, the Avenger shrugged casually to the growing
irritation of the miko, and they both left the room with Caster eyeing Loki closely.
Roman watched as they left, then turned back to Ren. “I thought you would have something
to say against that,” he commented in surprise.
The Phantom Thief shook his head with a sigh. “Loki’s a… difficult matter,” he admitted.
“We definitely need to do something about them. Thanks for the consideration though,
doctor.”
The current director of Chaldea blinked in surprise, then simply nodded with a smile. “It’s no
trouble at all,” he genuinely replied. “Now, both of you seem to be healthy and hale. Just
need rest for now. And as for Ritsuka…”
They all turned to the remaining Coffin. Ritsuka was leaning on the edge of the opening, a
hand covering her eyes as though she was still adjusting to the light. If she had heard or
noticed anything that had just transpired, she had shown absolutely no sign of it. Her quiet
demeanor had everyone looking at each other in concern before the doctor started to
approach. “Ritsuka…?” he asked gently.
The redheaded Master stiffened for a second. She took a breath… then swiped her hand
down, revealing her smiling face. “Hey doc!” she greeted cheerfully. “Sorry about that, not
too used to rayshifting. I was dizzy as heck for a moment and thought I was gonna tip over,
but I’m good now! But man, that was a trip! Oh hey, we even brought along our armor! How
about that?”

Ren blinked with surprise before checking himself. As Ritsuka said, he was still wearing his
iron scale armor that Nero had gifted them a while ago, to his surprise. It was always iffy
precisely what did or didn’t come along from the singularities, but he certainly didn’t expect
full on armor. Maybe he would find a use for it. He wasn’t sure about the Velvet Room, but
perhaps Da Vinci could do something with it. If Septem was any indicator, they would need
every advantage they could get.
“It should be a nice souvenir if nothing else,” Ritsuka continued without bothering to take a
breath. “This armor’s pretty damn cool. I’ll have to look up how to maintain it – last thing I
need is for it to start rusting. But anyway, you guys took care of Romulus and Lev, right? I
knew you guys could do it! But I mean, that’s to be expected of the Phantom Thieves and the
ever-awesome Mash! It must’ve been one helluva battle. Honestly, I wish I had seen it but
hey, I got a front row seat t-to my own battle so I guess I shouldn’t complain too much, right?
Not that it was as… as impressive as yours, of course.”
Ren frowned a bit in concern. Though she had only done this once, he already locked onto
one of Ritsuka’s particular habits: If there was something especially bothering her, she
wouldn’t stop talking, trying not to leave any gaps for anyone to question her. Even now, he
could see just how forced the smile on her face was as she animated herself as much as she
could.
“But my god am I tired!” she moaned as she sagged a bit from exaggerated exhaustion.
“Roman armies are cool and all but their life is not for me whatsoever. Nope! It’s modern
conveniences for me! And do they ever tell you how dusty roads get out there? They get
really dusty, even though the roads are all these nice, lined cobblestones. Which makes sense
– the Roman Empire was known for their roads and whatnot – but still! Smack me upside the
head if I ever even consider joining any military in the future. Anyway, I dunno about you
guys but I’m gonna have a nice, long, hot wash, then pass out for the next century. Hot
shower and soft bed here I come!”
With that dramatic, forced declaration, Ritsuka almost ran right past them before anyone
could stop her and sped out the door.Mash started following her in concern but was stopped
with an outstretched arm. “Non, mademoiselle Mash,” Marie gently admonished. “I
understand your concern, but she needs time to herself right now. I suggest you leave her be
until tomorrow.”
Mash blinked. “But…” she stammered.
Ren came up behind her and gently placed a hand on her shoulder, surprising the Shielder.
“Marie’s right,” he quietly said. “It’s probably better to wait til tomorrow when we’re all a bit
better rested. I’m sure she’ll be fine.”
The lilac-haired girl hesitated, then nodded. “Alright,” she replied. “Then perhaps I should
reach out to her tomorrow morning? Perhaps with breakfast?”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “That’s a good idea,” he agreed. “I’ll be sure to whip up some
curry and coffee for her. She’s as bad as resisting it as you are.”

Mash turned red at that comment. “S-senpai!” she cried in embarrassment as everyone
chuckled.
“Alright, you’ve all had your fun,” Da Vinci commented with her ever-present smile. “But I
think we’ve all spoken enough. Ragazzo, gatto, and Mash, off with you. There is no urgent
business present and I’m sure you are all weary from the singularity. We can speak later – I
am especially curious as to how Ren charmed a Roman emperor. Bravioso, Ren Amamiya~”
Da Vinci smirked at the last phrase as Morgana chuckled, Mash turned even redder and
looked away uncomfortably (something the adults quickly noticed), and Ren laughed
sheepishly. “It’s quite the story,” Ren agreed. “But yeah, we’ll catch you guys tomorrow. I’ll
be sure to make some coffee for you guys too.” With a wave, Ren left the room, followed by
Morgana and Mash, leaving the three adults alone.
Roman sighed wearily. “I'll need to update my plans for Ritsuka’s session,” he muttered as he
brushed away a stray strand of hair. “I knew she was affected by what happened with Astolfo.
I just wasn’t sure until I saw her.”
Da Vinci nodded soberly, her smile fading. “That is for the best,” she agreed. “We shall have
to observe her and see she’s not too emotionally compromised to act as Master.”
Marie smiled sadly. “Oui,” she murmured. “Though I wish to believe she is stronger than
that. I believe she shall overcome this. Would you like me to keep an eye on her, just in
case?”
Roman hesitated, then nodded. “Could you please?” he asked. “I don’t think anything is
going to happen but let us know just in case.”
The Rider smiled and curtsied. “That I shall,” she agreed before vanishing into spirit form.
The doctor sighed again. “Better get back to it, Da Vinci,” he said, rolling his shoulders. “It
seems we have a lot of work to do.”
“That we do,” Da Vinci replied. As much of a genius she was, even she struggled with
dealing with another person’s heart at times. And she knew the value of patience and time.
This wasn’t a matter that could be solved immediately, nor was she the proper one for this
situation. But between Romani and the ragazzo, as well as their dear Mash, Ritsuka Fujimaru
was in good hands.
She smiled to herself as she followed Roman out. Marie knew people well.
—------Ritsuka could only watch despondently as Astolfo vanished in her arms, his body
transforming back into its constituent mana before disappearing. She was the one who came
up with this plan, she was the one who gave the commands. And now, under her watch,
someone she considered a friend had died. She had directly seen casualties among the Roman
forces, and while those had pained her, this was a different matter entirely.

A distant roar reached her ears. She looked up, barely able to make out anything through her
blurry vision. The skeletons that had been approaching were crumbling away into nothing.
Lu Bu was there in the distance, roaring angrily at his battle being denied as Darius also
started vanishing too, dissolving into golden particles as well. Ritsuka knew what happened:
Without any link to their Master, Darius was no longer receiving mana. And without mana, he
couldn’t stay on this world.
Further in the distance, she could hear the sounds of confusion from the Roman soldiers.
Then they began cheering, the noise getting louder and louder. Over it all came Spartacus’s
loud bellow of triumph. The URE soldiers had probably stopped functioning in some regard
as well, it seemed. Did they dissolve as well or simply collapse on the spot? She couldn’t tell
from here. Her legs refused to even move as she stayed there in the dirt.
But that mattered little. Their victory had come not through her little scheme, but by the
efforts of Ren, Morgana, and Mash, as well as the Servants that went with them. They had
trusted her to hold the fort and make sure everyone was safe. And yet, because of her
hesitation, someone died when they shouldn’t have. Because of her fear, she couldn’t
decisively put an end to an oncoming threat when it should have been dealt with. And now,
the battle had concluded in their favor in spite of her.
She had failed.
—------Ritsuka’s eyes opened into the dark silence of her room. Her body felt oddly wet and cold –
she had been sweating despite the air conditioning in her room. She reached up and tapped
the bedside panel. Three in the morning. She slept a good while, yet she didn’t feel even
close to feeling well rested. Despite how tired she felt, she didn’t feel like she could go back
to sleep right now.
With a sigh, she quietly swung her legs off the bed and slowly got up. The bed felt
incredibly… odd when she first laid in it. It felt too soft, a sensation she didn’t think would
ever exist for beds. Chaldea’s bed was definitely a luxury compared to the beds back at the
orphanage (though the beds there actually weren’t too bad either) and she was tossing and
turning before she finally got to sleep – only to be woken up by a nightmare based on
memories.
Sliding her feet into slippers, she quietly shuffled through the room, brushing past the clothes
she had tossed on the floor. She needed to clean that up later and toss it into the laundry
chute. Or maybe just leave it to the robots. With how much she had worn them, they were
probably considerably filthy. Maybe she could sell the dirt? Authentic Roman dirt, ninetynine cents an ounce!
…
She rubbed her head as her bedroom door hissed open. Yep, she was definitely going insane.
Just like the world had already gone insane.

The halls were quiet as she shuffled along. Most of the halls right now were dimly lit with
glowing safety lights that lined the wall close to the floor. It was more than enough to see
one’s surroundings but still dim enough to maintain one’s circadian rhythm. The redhead
yawned loudly as she moved through the silent halls. Everyone else was either sleeping or
working at this time. And here she was, shambling like some zombie.
Before long, she reached the cafeteria. It was mostly dark except for the well-lit kitchen,
forcing her to blink as her eyes adjusted to the glare. A singular robot was waiting at the
counter. “Good morning, Master Fujimaru,” it greeted in its robotic voice. ‘How may I serve
you this morning?’
Ritsuka forced a smile as she waved at the robot. “Just gonna get myself something,” she
replied as she stepped into the kitchen and made her way toward the storeroom. “Don’t mind
me.”
“As you wish,” the robot replied. “I will be here to assist if necessary.”’
“Not like you can help with what I’m dealing with,” she muttered under her breath as entered
the storeroom. With experienced steps, she quickly found what she was looking for: Milk and
a packet for hot chocolate. Finding a mug, she opened the packet and poured the brown
powder in, followed by the milk. Once done, she put the mug into the microwave, timed it for
two minutes, and just stared at the mug as it slowly rotated within, listening to the buzz of the
appliance.
It was all so ordinary, so simple. It felt utterly surreal. What was the dream: Septem or
Chaldea? Or was her own home and past the dream and she simply woke up here? It was
hard to tell anymore and at this point, she wasn’t sure which she wanted to be true. The
beeping of the microwave caught her attention. As she opened the microwave, the aroma of
the hot chocolate wafted out. Ritsuka couldn’t help but smile at the scent. It smelled
comfortable and familiar. Like home.
Taking the mug, she sat down at the counter outside the kitchen. The robot was inactive. It
was quiet, to the point where she could hear the creak of plastic and metal on the chair
beneath her. She lifted the mug up, then set it down – her hands were shaking. Astolfo’s face
appeared once more in her mind before she shook her head to get rid of it. For now, she
simply settled on blowing on her hot chocolate, trying to cool it down before drinking it
when she heard the cafeteria door quietly hiss open.
“I did not expect you to be awake so early, ragazza. Did you sleep well?”
At the familiar voice, Ritsuka turned in surprise to see Da Vinci walking towards her, smiling
as always. The Master forced herself to smile back. “So-so,” she replied genuinely. “Got
some hot chocolate for myself. Never fails to help get me back to sleep whenever I have
trouble.”
The genius’s smile widened. “Is that so?” she mused. “Then I shall try partaking myself. I
must admit, hot chocolate is a beverage I have heard much of but had never given the thought
to try.”

As she sat down at the counter beside Ritsuka, the robot stirred. “Good morning, Madame Da
Vinci,” it greeted. “How may I serve you this morning?”
“A hot chocolate for me, cameriere,” she requested, holding up a finger for emphasis. The
robot immediately rolled off into the storeroom to gather the ingredients needed for her order,
leaving the two women alone.
Ritsuka waited with dread. No doubt Da Vinci was about to ask how she was doing, did the
mission go okay, what happened on the field, why did she let Astolfo die – and once more,
she had to forcefully shove the thoughts out of her head. Da Vinci already knew what had
happened. After all, she was with Roman back at the command center and probably saw
everything. The plans, the battles – hell, she was the one who had requested the disguise for
herself as well as the calling cards (her idea though she thought Nero had the right to write it
out). If anything, the only thing she should expect from recriminations.
But nothing of the sort happened. Da Vinci instead just simply sat there patiently, humming a
quiet tune to herself. The robot whirred as it moved skillfully – albeit stiffly – to prepare the
hot chocolate. “Hm, a bit more flexibility,” she murmured to herself as she watched it work.
“As well as smoothing out its motor functions. It is not bad, but it could be adjusted and
calibrated. Perhaps I should take a look at the joints…”
The Master blinked with surprise at the Caster muttering to herself. She seemed off in her
own little world, probably dissecting the unsuspecting robot with her mind and figuring out
which components or programming to remove. For some reason, it put Ritsuka at ease
slightly. They hadn’t talked to each other so far, but the presence of someone familiar was…
calming. Da Vinci didn’t seem angry or disappointed in her whatsoever. Or at least, that’s
what it seemed like.
Eventually, the robot came forth with a steaming mug of hot chocolate and placed it front of
the genius. “Grazie,” she said with a warm smile.
“You are most welcome, Madame Da Vinci,” the robot replied before moving back to its
station once more, ready for the next guest.
The Caster lifted the mug up and breathed in the aroma, her smile widening. She glanced
over to see Ritsuka watching in curiosity. “I believe your own should be cool enough to
drink,” she pointed out.
Ritsuka blinked in surprise, then glanced at her own mug. She hesitantly took a sip and while
it was still hot, it at least didn’t scald her tongue. The sweet liquid tasted like nectar to her as
she savored it, enjoying the creamy texture and warmth as it descended her throat. Da Vinci
simply smiled once more and took a tip of her own beverage as well.
They sat there for a few minutes, simply enjoying their drinks in silence. Ritsuka wasn’t sure
if she should talk, but… the silence started to feel slightly stifling. “How-“ she began, then
cleared her throat as her voice cracked a bit. Da Vinci simply glanced over and waited
patiently for the question. “H-how is Chaldea?” she asked, her quiet voice sounding as loud
as a drum in the empty cafeteria.

Da Vinci’s smile widened. “It has been quite active here lately,” she replied. “The hydroponic
farm is nearly fully repaired. We should be able to plant seeds before long, in case we have a
need for more oxygen and food supplies. We aren’t short on either, but better to have too
much than too little. Besides, freshly grown vegetables have a certain… savor that normal
ones seem to lack, no? Though perhaps that is just me.”
The Master blinked. Right, she remembered the hydroponic farm during her tours and
wanderings. She always found it fascinating – it felt like a mix between a greenhouse and a
laboratory, with robots and scientists checking the conditions of the plants and making sure
they were healthy. While she had no especial love for vegetables, they always seemed a bit
more delicious when someone told her they came from the farm. She was probably imagining
things, admittedly, but still.
“I believe Martha is also teaching some kickboxing as well,” Da Vinci continued. “It is
surprisingly popular for exercise and stress relief. It is rather adorable, to be honest – I don’t
think our dear Martha can refuse an earnest request for something so handy. Especially if
Jeanne of all people asks for it. The face of panic on her was entertaining, I must admit!”
Kickboxing… Ritsuka thought about it. She debated learning self-defense for herself – all she
had was a standard issue trench knife from Chaldea – but she wasn’t sure. There’s only so
much she could do given their opposition. A punch from her would probably barely even
phase a trained soldier, let alone a Servant or monster. It wasn’t like she had any magecraft to
work with. The Master uniforms were meant for supporting Servants, not directly fighting
them. And she certainly didn’t have any persona abilities…
And just like that, the warm feeling rapidly dissipated into cold realization once more. Her
grip tightened around her mug slightly as she tried to push away the feeling of helplessness
that resurged once more. To distract herself, she drank more of the hot chocolate. Instead of
the usual comfort, the sweetness now tasted sickly and ashen in her mouth as the heat turned
to lava in her throat. She could only laugh bitterly at herself. Great – now she made herself
depressed to the point her favorite treat tasted like crap.
Meanwhile, Da Vinci watched Ritsuka closely. “There are others you may want to speak
with, Ritsuka,” she pointed out gently.
Ritsuka blinked in surprise as she swallowed another mouthful of the hot chocolate – and
began coughing as it went down her windpipe. “S-sorry,” she rasped as she beat her chest to
clear it out. “Could you repeat that?”
The genius smiled. “I’m not the most experienced in such matters,” she elaborated. “I may be
a genius, but I know full well there are plenty of things and aspects in the world that I am
quite ignorant of. I was neither a general nor warrior on the battlefield, for instance, despite
creating plenty of war machines during my time. As such, perhaps speaking with someone
who has experience in what you have gone through may be more prudent.”
The redhead blinked in surprise as she considered. True – Leonardo was many things and
created machines for war (of varying practicality – she still remembered the drawings of her
tank in school and on the internet), but she had never heard of her taking to the battlefield in
life. It most likely helped that she was more than talented in so many fields that having her as

a soldier or even a war engineer would be seen by everyone as a waste – an exception given
how many skirmishes happened in Renaissance Italy.
“You have any particular suggestions?” Ritsuka asked hesitantly. She could think of a few
people here to ask. Perhaps Siegfried or Artoria, probably Jeanne too. They could certainly
come up with some advice“Perhaps the ragazzo and gatto would be able to assist you in that regard,” Da Vinci
suggested.
Ritsuka almost choked again at the suggestion. “Th-them?” she stammered. “Er, well, they’re
probably busy and they need their rest after all. It’s not fair to bug them so soon about such a
thing. I mean, they probably need the peace and time to plan for their next heists or
singularities, right? I shouldn’t bother them when they have so much to do.” She was making
every single excuse under the sun, she knew. But most of all, she didn’t want to see either of
them again so soon.
Da Vinci’s smile became more sympathetic. “They have lost Servants, you know,” she
pointed out. Noticing Ritsuka freeze at that, she continued. “Marie and Mozart had sacrificed
themselves back in Orleans when Morgana was leading them, and Jing Ke had perished,
trading her life for Romulus’s.”
The redhead’s eyes widened as she stared at Da Vinci in horror. “Th-that’s…” she
stammered. “I-I… should you be telling me about this so… easily? Ren or Morgana should
be the one telling me about this, so letting me know outright like this is… it’s a bit
disrespectful, isn’t it?” There had to be extenuating circumstances for what happened there,
right? It was Ren and Morgana, the Phantom Thieves. With their personas, they were way too
awesome to ever let something like that happen under their noses!
The Caster chuckled. “If I believed that the two were the type to be bothered by me revealing
this, I wouldn’t have,” she replied easily. “However, I am of the opinion that they will easily
tell you this just as I have when you consult with them. There is sadness and grief here, yes,
but not shame. They understand this well – perhaps as good as any Servant here, I think.
Talking to them about this may prove enlightening.”
Ritsuka was silent, staring into her mug of hot chocolate. If what Da Vinci said was true,
then… well, maybe there were other circumstances at work. She wanted to ask her, but it felt
rude to pry any further into Ren and Morgana’s situation after that revelation. Any more
information, she would have to ask them herself. Maybe they did hold the answer. Or at least,
they would know how to cope with the situation better. The guilt still sat in her stomach like
a stone, but at least she had a way forward instead of wallowing. She couldn’t afford to with
the incineration of humanity at stake.
“It seems you’ve made up your mind,” Da Vinci noted as she observed the Master.
“You could say that,” Ritsuka quietly replied. She lifted her mug and drained it, barely
noticing the heat of the hot chocolate as it slid down her throat. Setting down the mug, she
stood up. “I better get some sleep,” she said. “Otherwise, I’m going to be a zombie in the
morning.”

Nodding, the genius’s smile widened. “Of course, ragazza,” she responded easily. “Rest
well.”
The Master began walking out, then stopped. “Da Vinci?” she called out.
“Hm?”
“Thanks for keeping me company,” she said, giving her a small but genuine smile. “It means
a lot.”
Da Vinci’s smile widened once more. “Any time, Ritsuka,” she easily accepted. She watched
as the redheaded Master left the cafeteria and chuckled to herself. Hopefully, that fire of hers
wouldn’t prevent her from getting a bit more sleep, but at least she seemed to be doing a bit
better. All she needed was a slight push. Ah, this was the one reason why she could never get
enough of humanity despite everything: Their ability to find a way forward no matter what.
Smiling, she took another sip. “Hm, delizioso,” she noted. Perhaps she should make hot
chocolate more often…
—------Olga sighed as she went over her collection of tomes on the bookshelf. It had become
impressive as of late: All the walls of her section of the Velvet Room were lined with
bookshelves, all filled with tomes, scrolls, bundles of bamboo, and more. They all detailed
various myths and constellations as well as heavenly bodies. Linking between her own
knowledge to Personas, as well as researching on top of that, proved to be both remarkably
simple and obnoxiously frustrating at once.
Finding what she was looking for – an ancient-looking tome with an elaborate leather cover
inlaid with golden and gem decorations – and began moving back to the astrolabe with it.
Many of the connections were obvious, after all. Mythology and constellations went almost
literally hand-in-hand in every culture. However, the further connections between them were
myriad: mapping them out was like finding a single thread of a cobweb, then following it into
the tangled mass that followed.
It would perhaps be easier if she could actually focus on her work.
What happened with Lev Lainur was something she didn’t know how to process. She had
watched as he ranted about the failures of his Servants, transformed into a demon pillar, and
tried to kill the others. Watching her beloved mentor figure transform into… that thing was
something she had no words to express. Was this truly the same man? The man who had
watched over her as she grown up, who had assisted her countless times in running the
morass that was Chaldea, who had taught her and encouraged more than her own father?
Then she remembered him laughing, as he tried to toss her into the burning CHALDEAS
without any remorse. It was only because of Ren’s quick thinking that she wasn’t currently
burning away for eternity.

Throughout the whole battle, with Lev ranting and raving, she thought he might have said
something about her. Maybe through it, she could hear a hint of her former mentor, or a sign
of what he truly thought of her. Something she could perhaps latch onto to get some form of
closure. Instead, he had said absolutely nothing about her. She wasn’t sure if he even thought
of her whatsoever.
For some reason, that hurt far more than any insult he could’ve paid her.
As she set the tome down beside the open Compendium at the astrolabe, the sound of
footsteps caught her attention. She glanced up and blinked with surprise to see Ren walking
towards her. “Amamiya,” she greeted. “I believed you would be resting at this time. Is there
something you require?”
Ren smiled and shook his head. “Nah,” he replied. “Honestly, I just came to check up on
you.”
That once more took her by surprise. People only came when they needed something from
her. It still felt deeply unfamiliar whenever people came to see her because… well, they
simply wanted to see her. “I… see…” she said slowly. Then she sighed. “The usual spot,” she
stated with a wave. “I’ll be with you momentarily.”
Nodding, Ren went over to the carpeted spot, grabbed a pillow, and laid down, once more
watching the glimmering stars. He glanced over as he saw Olga soon come over and do much
the same, laying down beside him. For a while, they lay there in silence as they observed the
stars. “I’m guessing you saw everything?” Ren finally asked, breaking the silence.
Olga frowned slightly. “Most, but not all,” she admitted. “I hadn’t watched the ending of your
battle with Le- with Flauros. However, by that point the conclusion had been obvious. You
did well against him – and against Romulus, of course.”
Shifting a bit, Ren looked over at her. “That’s it?” he asked.
The former director glanced back, frowning in confusion. “What do you mean by ‘that’s it’?”
she questioned.
“You said you didn’t watch the battle all the way through,” Ren pointed out. “And it was
against… well, Lev Lainur. I thought you had more to say about it. What are you really
thinking right now, Olga?”
She glared momentarily at Ren, cursing once more his perceptiveness and spirit of inquiry,
then aridly sighed. “My thoughts on the matter are… difficult,” she murmured, looking back
up at the stars. “Tell me, Amamiya, how would you feel if the man that had been teaching
you and looking after you the better part of your life, had assisted you in the morass of
administration that was Chaldea, and had been with you every step of the way, suddenly
turned around, declared you useless, and tried to incinerate you?”
There was a moment of silence. “I think I know how you feel,” Ren murmured.

Olga looked fully over in surprise as he continued. “When I first started my journey, Igor
helped me how he could,” he explained. “He was cryptic, a bit condescending, but he
provided a lot of assistance, like the various Velvet Room functions and of course, my Third
Eye. My attendant at the time wasn’t Lavenza but a pair of twins: Caroline and Justine. They
were… personalities, to put it lightly, but they were fantastic in their own right.”
She listened silently. Right, Olga heard bits and pieces of what had happened. She hadn’t
seen it fully – she had been dedicating herself to her research and her studies – but enough to
get a general story. But hearing it from Ren was a far different matter entirely. All she could
do was keep quiet as he told her his story.
“Eventually, we reached the bottom of Mementos, and we found a Holy Grail waiting for us,”
he continued. “Not that kind, by the way – it was a cognition of the masses. They wanted
someone or something to grant their wishes of doing their thinking for them.” He could still
remember it: A gigantic panopticon prison, surrounding the massive grail. It was dull and
lusterless at first, and yet as it restored itself with the wishes of the people, it gradually
became more golden and lustrous. All through those red veins that reminded him so much
like blood vessels that flowed right into the basin of the grail.
“We fought as hard as we could, but every time we made any headway, it regenerated,” Ren
said. “It just used the wishes of the masses to heal and power itself any further. Eventually, it
just booted us out of Mementos. There’s no other way to put it: We lost. Completely. And
with the Grail’s control of the masses, it altered cognition so that ‘the Phantom Thieves didn’t
exist’. By that logic… we didn’t exist. So we were erased one by one.”
The former director could only stare at Ren in shock. However, he wasn’t done.
“I woke up in the Velvet Room,” he continued. “There, Igor told me that I apparently lost his
‘game’ and my life was forfeit. From there, I was dragged out of my cell and he sicced both
Caroline and Justine on me.”
Olga continued listening with her eyes as round as saucers. The Velvet Room… almost
became Ren’s execution chamber? With everything she had seen and heard of the place so
far, that sounded almost like an entirely alien concept. “That’s…” she said, trying to find the
words to describe it.
“It’s a lot of things,” Ren finished for her with a small chuckle, before his smile faded. “But
during that time, all I could remember was feeling confused, shocked, upset, and most of all,
pissed off. Pissed off that someone, even Igor of all people, had the damn gall to tell me I had
failed and would be killed off for it on his whim. He wasn’t any better than all those we had
fought against up to that point.”
He raised his hand and looked at it, the red glove visible in his mind’s eye. “From there, my
Phantom Thief regalia – my symbol of rebellion – appeared. I still got my ass beat black and
blue by Caroline and Justine, but I still wasn’t about to give up. From there, they realized
things were… out of the ordinary, had me fuse them, and they became Lavenza once more.
The rest, you already know.”

When Ren finished his story, they were both quiet for a moment. “So… what is your point,
Amamiya?” Olga asked quietly. “That I should… lash out on a selfish whim? Rage against
the dying of the light? Against Lev Lainur, or Flauros as he is now? Is this what you are
telling me?”
Ren shrugged. “If it helps, then absolutely,” he replied bluntly. “When it comes to emotions,
selfish and selfless are honestly irrelevant. You learn to vent them out how you can –
sometimes that can be productive, sometimes unproductive. But bottling it up or trying to
force it away? Doesn’t really help. And sometimes, you can vent in a very cathartic manner if
you’re clear-minded enough for it.”
The former director blinked as she turned to look once more at Ren with a small frown.
“What do you mean by that?” she questioned.
The Phantom Thief smirked. “I decided to let Flauros know my opinion on his appearance,”
he explained. Switching his masks, the Flauros persona took form and stood a small distance
away from them in all its red, bipedal, leopard glory.
“Honestly, a gigantic black pillar of flesh lined with red eyes? That’s so last millenium,” Ren
said as Olga gawked at the persona. “We have here a perfect specimen, don’t you think? The
ferocious gaze of the jaguar, the immaculate peaks that sit on his shoulders, and of course, his
designer boots. We have here the peak of what a demon should be! I think Flauros-Lev got
pissed off because he wasn’t nearly the figure like this absolute unit.” As Ren spoke, the
Flauros persona grinned with its leopard mouth and began flexing, posing every way with
each compliment. It even gave a sultry wink with its blue eyes to complete it.
“You…” Olga started to say, then the dam finally broke. Every emotion, the absurdity of the
situation, the sheer ridiculousness of Ren and his Flauros persona overwhelmed her. She
began giggling, then laughing uproariously, the clear sound ringing throughout the Workshop.
The laughing was non-stop as she felt the weight on her chest and shoulders become lighter
and lighter. Then she imagined both Lev and Flauros reacting to the persona – the former
confused yet intrigued, the latter utterly furious – and began laughing anew as tears started
streaming down from her eyes.
“That – is the most – stupid – thing – I have ever heard of!” she gasped through her giggles
as she clutched at her belly, trying to withstand her laughter before it tore at her muscles.
“I know, right?” Ren agreed. “Like, I’m more than happy to have Flauros here model for him
– Flauros-Lev doesn’t have to look so terrible. He just needs a few pointers in fashion. Isn’t
that right, buddy?” Flauros flexed once more in response, his eye glinting in pride and
machismo, sending another pang of giggles ripping through Olga as she failed utterly to
retain her composure.
Finally, she had settled down, gasping for breath. Flauros had long since vanished as Ren lay
there contentedly. “Better?” Ren asked.
Olga let out a deep sigh. “Somewhat,” she admitted, wiping away a few more tears. “It has
been… a very long while since I had laughed like that. I haven’t had much cause to

throughout my life. Or express my emotions, I guess. Ever since taking the mantle of my
father’s position – no, even before that with the Clock Tower, I…”
She trailed off as she wondered when she had genuinely allowed herself to show emotions.
As the only child of the Animusphere line, she had to be on her best graces at all times: With
her own family, with her peers, with her betters, and even when out casually. She couldn’t do
anything that would besmirch the family name, nor give any result that would fall short of
perfection. A stance that caused her to have a near mental breakdown when she became
director of Chaldea. She felt like she could be more… herself when she was around Lev at
least.
And now that he was gone…
“Hm,” Ren mused. “How about I help with that?”
The former director blinked. “I beg your pardon?” she inquired.
“You’re already helping me out a lot with all this,” he elaborated, waving a hand to her
Workshop. “So I think it’s about time I return the favor. If you want, I can help you vent and
let loose a little bit. It’s only fair, after all.”
“You’re offering to be my therapist?” Olga asked skeptically.
“More of a sounding board,” Ren clarified. “Helps a lot more than you’d think. What do you
say?”
Olga breathed out a small breath as she considered for a moment. “Your suggestion is not
without merit,” she murmured as she slowly stood up. “Very well, Amamiya. I will take you
up on that offer. But for now, I must insist we end the visit here. You need rest, and I have
much to ponder. But regardless… thank you, Amamiya. For everything.”
Ren smiled as he stood up as well. “Not a problem at all,” he replied earnestly. “Take care of
yourself, Olga. I’ll try to do so on my end too.” Flashing a last smile, he turned to walk away.
As the darkness consumed him, he felt a familiar warmth bloom within his chest: An arcana
bond with Olga. Tower.
He smiled to himself. How fitting.
Olga watched as Ren vanished from the Velvet Room. She felt more relieved than she had in
quite some time. And… reassured. A bit like how she felt whenever she had been in Lev’s
company. Ren couldn’t replace Lev - she knew nobody would - but in that regard, no one
could replace Ren Amamiya either. Whether in his importance in restoring humanity, as a
Wild Card or simply as a person she was growing a deeper respect for. A profound
connection like this, even she knew needed to be treasured.
She turned back to her astrolabe. Well, if he was going to be repaying her for her work, then
she wouldn’t settle for offering anything less than her best. Her eyes gleaming with
determination, she opened her newest tome. A wave of her hand, a whirl of the stars, and the
work of Olga Marie Animusphere began once more.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! There's
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 95: Path Forward
Chapter Summary

Chaldea never rests. Neither does its inhabitants.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

In the Antarctic, ‘day’ and ‘night’ were confusing things. Sitting close to the south pole, the
sun’s presence or absence didn’t denote the time of day but rather the season: Eternal
sunshine during summer and everlasting night in the winter. Those who weren’t attuned to
the cycle of Antarctica would find themselves constantly lethargic or sleep deprived as a
result. The Antarctic wasn’t a hospitable locale even for the natural denizens there.
Chaldea had its own simple solution to such a debacle: During the ‘curfew’ times of 10 pm to
7 am, the lights in the hallways were turned off, leaving only the lights on the floor for
navigation and sight. The windows that opened into the Antarctic landscape were polarized
and dimmed if it was sunny outside to simulate night. There was no way to properly emulate
daytime in turn, but the current solutions had sufficed for work efficiency.
For Mash Kyrielight, her day started at 6 am, an hour before the lights would properly turn
on. As she got out of bed, she stretched and checked the time. Her senpais were likely still
asleep – she knew Ren was normally a late riser (though Morgana told her he used to get up
even later in the morning back in Tokyo) and Ritsuka most likely needed more rest.
Getting up, she took a shower and changed into her usual Chaldea wear, then sat down at her
desk to begin working on her report. It had been a while since she had worn something
besides her Servant gear. While it felt like a second skin to her and was never uncomfortable,
it was always pleasant to wear something else. She always felt like she was on guard when
she wore her Servant gear even at times of rest and could never truly relax. Meanwhile, she
felt far more at ease whenever she donned her Chaldean clothes. They even felt more…
‘comfortable’ was probably the best word to put it.
Now that she thought about it, it was an interesting phenomenon. Perhaps one’s dress and
appearance also had cognitive effects for both wearer and perceiver? Her memory flashed
back to Ren-senpai’s Phantom Thief appearance back in Orleans: the clothing of a Phantom
Thief, a gentleman rogue that one caught glimpses of only if he wished to be seen. He
wouldn’t be so gallant and striking a figure if his clothes didn’t represent such. Then again,
simply clothing wouldn’t be enough to make an emphasis. If Ren-senpai didn’t have that lean
yet powerful physique built for agility, perfectly suited for his clothes like a graceful panther
leaping from rooftop to rooftop-

She stopped her train of thought. She had been having a lot of strange thoughts and feelings
as of late: A compliment from Ren-senpai was enough to cause her to blush, and whenever
she remembered the kiss Nero gave him before they came back or Marie kissing him when
she was summoned, she felt an odd ache in her chest. Mozart had mentioned something about
it back in Orleans, but she wasn’t sure what to make of it.
Mash could only breathe a sigh of exhaustion. She had considered Ren-senpai to be her
senpai in life, but speaking to him about this… no, she was sure he had other more important
matters to attend to. Perhaps Ritsu-senpai would be a better one to speak to about this matter.
It would be a good conversation away from Septem and what had happened there. At least,
until she was ready to speak to all of them about it. Like Marie and Ren-senpai had said, she
needed time.
Then she shook her head and turned back to her report. Lately, she had been getting more and
more distracted. She needed to be wary of that.
“Fou, fou!”
No sooner had she made that resolve than she was disturbed once more – this time with Fou
hopping up onto her desk and sitting right on her laptop. “Fou!” he barked directly at Mash.
Mash blinked in surprise, then smiled apologetically. “Hello, Fou,” she cooed. “It’s been a
while, hasn’t it? I’m sorry I didn’t give you any attention – it’s been tiring after all.” As she
apologized, she reached over with both hands and began rubbing Fou underneath his chin.
Fou in turn let out a small chirp that sounded like a ‘hmph!’ while simultaneously melting
into the petting. “I’ll be here all day today,” she reassured the little animal. “So can I ask you
to move off my laptop? I do want to work on this report.”
Fou opened up one eye, then barked, “Fou!” Getting up, he hopped off the laptop into Mash’s
lap and curled like a cat. Mash could only smile softly as the being closed his eyes and
drifted off into a nap, gently petting him. Septem had been extremely eventful, to put it
mildly. It wasn’t an excuse to neglect Fou, however. She would have to make it up to him –
maybe some extra treats would do. As if Fou could sense what she was thinking, he snuggled
deeper into her lap. The Shielder could only smile in response.
Focusing her attention once more on her report, she continued typing and giving as accurate
descriptions of what happened as best she could. It was supposed to be for the entirety of the
singularity so there was simply no way she could healthily complete it in one sitting, but she
could at least make a good dent in it. Referencing any data logs as necessary, she worked
away industriously, the only sound in her room being the occasional creak of her chair as she
adjusted her seating.
Finally, she stopped and stretched, being careful not to disturb Fou who hadn’t moved the
entire time. She had typed up a few pages worth, from when they first arrived at the
singularity to when they first marched out of Rome. There had been many preliminary details
she needed to elaborate: The state of the empire, their opposition, plans that had been
considered, any notable features about their opposition, and much more. It was going to be a
very long report.

Mash wondered if Ren-senpai, Morgana, and Ritsu would need any help with theirs? If they
did, she would gladly offer her assistance. But in the meantime, it was 7:30 in the morning
now. She wondered if Ren-senpai was awake – she had said she wanted to bring his curry and
coffee over to Ritsu-senpai this morning. “Fou?” she gently murmured. “It’s time for
breakfast. Do you mind getting up? I promise to give you some bacon.”
Fou’s ears perked up, then he slowly stood up with a yawn. “Kyuu,” he cooed before hopping
up to her shoulder. With a smile, Mash stood up, stretched her legs, and made her way to the
cafeteria.
About half an hour later, she was on her way to Ritsuka’s room, carrying a larger tray with
two omelet dishes and two cups of apple juice. Fou remained perched on her shoulder as he
happily chewed on a piece of bacon. Ren-senpai had unfortunately not been in the kitchen,
most likely still resting or sleeping. As much as she missed his curry and coffee, she wasn’t
about to wake him up for such a selfish reason. No, he and Morgana deserved all the rest they
needed.
Reaching the door of Ritsuka’s room, she carefully maneuvered a corner of the tray to press
the button on the front panel. A quiet dial tone rang out as she waited for her senpai’s
response. Then there was a click and the screen turned on, revealing the redhead’s face of
curiosity – an expression that morphed into delight as she saw who it was. “Morning, Mash!”
she greeted with a grin. “What’s going on?”
Mash blinked in surprise at how cheerful Ritsuka seemed but decided not to question it for
now. “Good morning, senpai,” she greeted in turn. “I was on my way to wake you up, but it
seems that’s unnecessary. I picked up some breakfast from the cafeteria and was wondering if
you’d like to eat together?”
Ritsuka blinked in surprise, then she grinned again. “Read my mind,” she chirped. “I’m
famished. Come on in!” The screen winked off and a split second later, the door to her room
slid open.
The Shielder stepped in with the tray. Ritsuka’s room had undergone a few changes since the
last time she entered. While before it had been plastered nearly wall to wall with Phantom
Thief memorabilia, now there were only a few posters on the walls. The Phantom Thief
figurines were still on her desk, but the ones of Ren-senpai and Morgana were notably absent.
A large cardboard box sitting in a corner filled with rolled up posters and other such
merchandise quickly answered where they had all vanished to. The closet was still
overflowing, but it seemed more care had been taken to actually properly store things out of
sight.
“You took down a lot of your decorations,” Mash noted in surprise.
Ritsuka blinked, then chuckled sheepishly as she rubbed the back of her neck. “Well, yeah,”
she admitted. “It’s more than awkward for everyone showing you’re a mega-fan when you’re
working alongside two of them, so I thought I should tone it down a bit. Hope I haven’t made
Ren and Morgana too uncomfortable with it all. But yeah, just set the tray down over at the
desk. What’d you get? Smells great!”

Mash smiled as she set the tray down on the desk, which now had more than enough room
for her to do so. “I believe the automated chef said these are California omelets with
hashbrowns,” she answered as Fou hopped off her shoulder. The little beast curled up on
Ritsuka’s (still messy) bed and immediately closed his eyes to nap. “As well as some apple
juice. I had thought of getting some of Ren-senpai’s curry and coffee, but he wasn’t cooking
breakfast today. Most likely he’s still sleeping.”
“Well, I don’t blame him,” the redhead replied as she sat down on the bed with a huff. “It was
a crazy day yesterday. He’s gotta be wiped out after everything.”
The Shielder nodded in agreement. “What about you, Ritsu-senpai?” she asked out of
curiosity. “I don’t believe I’ve seen you wake up this early on a day off – not that that is a bad
thing, of course!” Indeed, Ritsuka had already washed and was dressed once more in her
Master uniform. If Mash had been any later, she wasn’t sure if Ritsuka would have been in
her room at all.
The redhead grinned. “Eh, woke up in the middle of the night,” she admitted. “And sleep
could’ve been better, not gonna lie. But now I’m a bit too restless to keep sleeping so y’know,
might as well get up and at ‘em! Lotta things to do today – there’s so much I still need to
learn and improve on, after all. Maybe I should check in with Da Vinci, see if there’s
something she can make to help me out: Improvements to the uniform or something of the
sort. The more the better! And of course, I gotta talk to Ren and Morgana too about… certain
things, but I can wait until they wake up.”
Mash quietly bit her lip as she listened to Ritsuka ramble about her plans for the day.
Normally, she would be used to her garrulousness but after how she had seen her senpai the
other day combined with the exact same actions she had been taking… she wondered how
Ren-senpai would have handled this.
“Senpai.”
The word, softly spoken out from the lilac-haired girl, was enough to halt Ritsuka’s rambling.
The resulting silence left Mash in a lurch. She hadn’t planned any further than that – she just
knew she had to stop her from rambling. “P-Perhaps we should have our breakfast first?” she
asked quickly. “It will get cold if we leave it for too long.”
Ritsuka blinked several times, then grinned again with a nod. “Good call, Mash,” she agreed
happily. “I’m starving!” With that she made her way over to grab a dish from the tray as well
as a fork and sat down on the bed. Mash, after a moment’s hesitation, joined her. Grabbing
her own dish, she sat on the chair instead across from Ritsuka. As the redhead ate with relish,
the Shielder picked at her own food, occupied with her own thoughts.
“Senpai…?” she asked quietly.
Ritsuka immediately looked up, swallowing her food before answering. “What’s up?” she
asked with a smile.
Mash hesitated for a moment, wondering how best to approach this – or rather, how would
Ren approach this. “If you don’t m-mind me asking,” she stammered quietly. “Um… may I

ask wh-what happened while we were gone?”
The change was immediate: Ritsuka’s face fell as she slowly set down her fork. “It’s…” she
began, then stopped. For what felt like an eternity, neither of them spoke nor moved. The
only sound in the room was the quiet hiss of the air conditioner. Fou stretched, readjusted his
position, then went back to sleep as if the girls’ situation didn’t concern him whatsoever.
Ritsuka was the first to break the silence, forcing a smile on her face. “Let’s finish our
breakfast first,” she suggested quietly. “It’s… not a story to go over with empty stomachs.
And like you said, food’s getting cold.”
The Shielder opened her mouth to answer, closed it, then simply nodded. Ritsuka smiled in
thanks and continued eating, this time at a much slower pace. Mash did too, though her
appetite had diminished considerably in the last few seconds. Perhaps she went too far. She
should have waited until her senpai was ready to speak.
She could only silently berate herself. For now, she could only hope Ren could help resolve
this situation – and that she hadn’t made things worse.
If Ren could’ve gotten more sleep, he would have. It wasn’t until he collapsed in his bed that
all his exhaustion from the day had hit all at once: The countless hours of marching, the stress
from numerous battles, and to top it all off, the fatigue from infiltrating the URE capital
followed by back to back battles with Romulus and Flauros-Lev… before he knew it, he had
fallen into a deep sleep. Morgana had felt the same way, tipping over at the foot of Ren’s bed
and had fallen asleep mid-praising of the softness of the mattress in turn.
Thus, it was with bleary eyes and exhaustion when Ren received the call at his door. The
screen winked on to show Joan right outside. He blinked multiple times as his eyes adjusted
to the brightness of the hallway. Judging from the lighting, it was probably somewhat into the
morning at this point - he hadn’t checked the time yet. “H-hey Joan,” he murmured,
suppressing a yawn as best he could. “What’s happening?”
The Lancer scowled and crossed her arms. When she spoke however, her tone was
surprisingly calmer and more measured than he expected. “You promised me we’d talk about
what’s going on and what you did to me in more detail when we got back, right?” she asked.
“I know well enough now you’re not the type to go back on your word. When are we going
to talk?”
Ren blinked several more times as he checked the time. 7 in the morning. “C-could you give
me, like, an hour, hour and a half?” he asked as he finally yawned. “Sorry – I just need a bit
more sleep and I’d rather not give you answers when I’m half-asleep. Not for this.”
Joan sighed aridly. As impatient as she was, she couldn’t argue that he had a point. “I’ll give
you two,” she replied curtly. “I’ll see you then.” The screen turned off, leaving him in the
darkness once more.
“Who was that?” came Morgana’s sleepy voice.

“Joan,” Ren answered. “She just wanted that long overdue talk. Busy day today, it seems, but
we can get a bit more sleep. Back to bed.”
Morgana yawned. “Alright…”
Thus, time passed. After another hour and a half, they both had gotten up. Ren had finished
his workout, showered, and had changed into his Master uniform as the time approached.
“You sure you wanna do this by yourself, Ren?” Morgana asked in concern as he perched on
the desk. “I can help fill in any blanks and have your back in case things get ugly again. With
Joan, it might even be necessary.”
Ren smiled warmly as he smoothed out the blankets on his freshly made bed. “I don’t think
Joan will be that difficult,” he declined. “It’s just a conversation that we really needed to have
and smooth things over. It should be fine – Joan’s a sensible person.”
“’Sensible’?” Morgana echoed skeptically.
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “Yes, sensible,” he confirmed with good humor. “But thanks,
Morgana. I’ll holler if I need backup.”
The catlike being huffed with reluctance. “You better,” he grumbled – just as the panel began
ringing once more. “But then, it’s you, Joker. If you say you got it, you got it. I’m with you
all the way.”
Ren grinned in gratitude. Feeling his spirits lighten, he turned on the panel to see Joan there
once more. “Hey Joan,” he greeted cordially. “Come on in.” Turning off the screen, he
pressed the button to open the bedroom door. As the black-garbed Lancer walked in,
Morgana had stepped out, the catlike being shooting a wary glance at Joan before walking
off. Another press of the button and the door closed, leaving just the two of them in the room.
He considered any pleasantries to start with but ultimately decided against it. “So, where
would you like me to start?” Ren asked, his grey eyes unreadable as he easily met Joan’s
amber ones.
Joan frowned. Straight to business, it seems. She could appreciate that. “From the
beginning,” she replied bluntly. “What you did, what Gilles did, and what I am now –
mentally and physically.”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “Right – as you’re aware, a Palace forms when a person has a
distortion,” Ren began. “The source – or core - of said distortion is the Treasure. When a
distortion isn’t checked, it warps a person’s personality until everything they do revolves
around it, often for the worse, making it far easier to commit evil to maintain it or even create
mental hallucinations that reinforce it.”
The Lancer crossed her arms as she leaned against a wall, listening. “So I was distorted and it
made me act crazy,” she growled. “Which explains everything I did in Orleans.”
“Yes and no,” Ren replied. “In your case, I have a theory that your distortion wasn’t a natural
thing that developed, but rather you had one built in when you were created.”

Joan’s eyes narrowed. She was about to ask what he meant when a piece of the puzzle fell
into place. “Gilles,” she stated flatly.
The Phantom Thief nodded in confirmation. “Gilles rambled and ranted about creating you
with the Grail,” he elaborated. “So it would make sense he also included your distortion in
the process – in this case, overwhelming hatred towards France and the country’s perceived
sins. When we infiltrated your Palace and stole your treasure, we removed that distortion that
he placed in you.”
The former doppelganger gulped as she considered his words. “But I was supposed to be
some… copy of Jeanne, made to hate and take vengeance on France,” she pointed out. “If
you removed my distortion which was my main reason for being, wouldn’t that basically be
the same as… well… killing me? Hell, I’d say it would’ve been more merciful to do so.”
Ren frowned deeply in response. He was reminded of when they first took Kamoshida’s
Treasure. They had left it to Ann, the girl who had suffered so much by his hands, to decide
his fate… and in the end, she didn’t kill him. Ryuji and Morgana both believed it was out of
mercy, but he saw that anger and hatred on Ann’s face. It was no mercy; she wanted him
alive to he could suffer the full repercussion of his actions. That had ironically become the
basis of their MO afterward, and one of the reasons why they stuck so strictly to no killing.
“There’s ways to kill someone in the Metaverse but that’s a conversation for another time,”
he replied shortly. “But whenever we stole a Treasure, the target’s personality – including the
basis of their distortion – was still there. We simply made sure that they couldn’t mentally
handle feeding or supporting it any further.” This was strictly his own theory, though it had a
basis: Their encounter with Kamoshida’s shadow inside the depths of Mementos, where he
made that crude remark towards Ann, and Futaba who still had troubles with family, outside
interaction, and social skills even after her shadow became a Persona and the heist had
completed.
“So… what does that mean?” Joan asked slowly.
“It means,” Ren concluded. “That without your distortion, what’s left is just… well, you.
What makes you happy or angry or sad, what you like or dislike, your memories, your
actions… after we took your Treasure, you’re no longer the doppelganger that destroyed
France anymore. You’re not Jeanne d’Arc either. You’re simply Joan. For better or worse,
that’s up to you.”
The Lancer could only fall silent at that, pondering. Simply herself, for better or worse…
“That doesn’t erase what I did,” she muttered.
“No, it doesn’t,” Ren agreed. “But it was through hatred forced on you by Gilles. Without it,
how do you feel about it now?
There was only one answer to that. “Like shit,” she replied bluntly. “They may have deserved
some form of… retribution, I guess. I’m still pissed about what they did - or rather, what they
did to Jeanne. But not like that. Never like that.”

The Phantom Thief nodded as if he expected that answer. “Then that’s probably how you
actually feel about it,” he concluded. “From what I remember of what I studied of that time, it
was a pretty horrible situation – the kind we’d have tried to help either you or Jeanne get out
of if we could. I understand why you’d be pissed, at least.”
Joan frowned as she silently considered his words. Raising her arm, she watched as blue
scales started growing and forming on her limb. They felt both unnatural yet familiar,
revolting yet strong. It felt like part of her yet not at all. “And what about this?” she asked.
Ren paused, then breathed a sigh. “That was completely unexpected,” he answered honestly.
“If you recall, I used Satan multiple times both to scare and to attack you. It had a profound
effect on you, enough that there was a cognitive version of it in your Palace-“
“I’m sorry,” Joan interrupted, holding up a hand. “That thing got stuck in my head?”
“Strong enough impressions can create cognitive versions of said impression within your
Palace, yes,” Ren confirmed. “You had considered it an invincible sinner of judges,
apparently – nothing we or anyone else did could destroy it. My theory – again, only a theory
since this has never happened before – is that it had such an effect on you that it got baked
into your identity as a Servant now. It’s a part of your ‘legend’, so to speak.”
The Lancer frowned before staring at the blue scales with an unreadable expression. They
vanished as she dismissed them. The scales of Satan… she wasn’t sure what to make of them,
but she could ponder that in her own time. “You still changed me,” Joan pointed out with a
growl. “If I’m inferring right about your targets, at least they had a past. I didn’t – that
distortion was essentially part of ‘me’ from the moment I was formed. You had changed
utterly who I am because it suited you.”
“I did,” Ren agreed without hesitation. He wasn’t about to make excuses for himself. “We
didn’t even have the option of trying to kill you in reality – your position was too heavily
fortified. And we were still leery of inducing a mental shutdown by killing your shadow. So
as a last resort, we stole your Treasure. That was the only way we could stop you.”
Joan was silent for a moment. “Jeanne told me she agreed with that plan,” she muttered.
The admittance caught Ren slightly by surprise. “She did,” he replied. “But it was our plan to
begin with.” He wasn’t about to foist the responsibility on someone else. No, what happened
was because of him. Everyone else may have agreed, but he called the shots. It was his
responsibility in the end.
There was a period of silence between them as they met each other’s eyes, trying to discern
any intentions or waving on either side. Despite the intensity of Joan’s gaze, Ren didn’t flinch
whatsoever and calmly matched hers in turn. The air was tense, yet Ren made no move to
summon prepare his personas or call his other Servants. He had wronged Joan in many ways
and if she wished for retribution, that was her right. This was his problem to fix, one way or
another. But more than that, he had faith in Joan – faith she whatever she chose, it was for
herself and no one else. That was the most important aspect of this.

Finally, Joan sighed in irritation, breaking the tension in the room. “Fine, I get it,” she
grumbled. “It was a crap situation all around and it was the only choice you had. I’m not
happy about it and you did what you wished. But that’s that.
Ren’s expression was impassive as he heard Joan’s answer. “What are you going to do now,
then?” he inquired.
The Lancer shot a small glare at the Phantom Thief. “What I said before,” she growled. “I
made a huge mess back in France and killed a lot of people, both deserving and not. I need to
clean up after myself and make sure it doesn’t happen again. And that means helping you
guys resolve these singularities.”
“And after that?” Ren pressed.
Joan blinked in surprise. “And after…?” she echoed. The more she thought about it, the more
pensive she became. “… I don’t know,” she honestly admitted. “I didn’t think I’d get this far
after getting my heart stolen – ever. I… I thought I’d be killed by Gilles and that would be
that. So… I didn’t think about it.” What had Jeanne said before? That this new life was a gift
for her from Him? She certainly didn’t believe it was a ‘gift from Him’, but she couldn’t deny
that it was an… unexpected circumstance.
Ren could only look down in consideration – and no small amount of guilt. He had done what
was necessary, he had no doubts about that. However, that also meant Joan’s current state was
his fault and responsibility. She had been forced to have an entirely new life, with everything
ripped away from her and starting from almost literally nothing. But he had already done
enough to Joan. At this point, he didn’t have any right to interfere.
The Lancer glared at Ren, then sighed again. “And what do you suggest?” she grumbled.
The Phantom Thief looked up in surprise. “Sorry?”
“You caused this problem and you’re already thinking about how to fix it, aren’t you?” Joan
pointed out bluntly. “You’re a crafty enough of a bastard to think of ideas – so what do you
suggest?”
Ren could only blink again. “Well…” he said slowly. “My first thought is perhaps to talk to
Jeanne. She probably knew more than anyone else your circumstances – about France, about
Gilles, the politics, and more. It’s just a start, but I think it might be a good way to take a step
forward.”
Joan frowned in consideration. “Talking to her again, huh…” she muttered. “I’ve already
been talking to her a bit, but… fine. If you think that’s a good way to at least start, then I’ll
try it. Since you’re as bent on fixing this as I am on cleaning up after my mess, then I’ll be
asking you for your help on this. I’d tell you not to weasel out of it, but… I’ve seen how you
were in that singularity. You’re not the damn type. Irritates the crap out of me, but that’s how
it goes. Got that?”
Ren’s smile widened as he nodded. “Sounds good to me, Joan,” he replied earnestly. “You
can account on me.” He felt something unlock once more and knew that familiar feeling:

Another arcana bond had formed, this time with Joan.
Then he felt what it was and was secretly surprised. He already had a Fool arcana with
Ritsuka, but he didn’t expect yet another one with Joan too. Chaldea was certainly a unique
place if he could have multiple people with the same arcana – it certainly never occurred
back in Tokyo.
Joan was about to leave when suddenly she paused as a thought struck her. “Wait,” she said
as she whirled back around. “Why the hell didn’t you tell me all this from the beginning?! I
wouldn’t be nearly half as pissed off or confused if you didn’t beat around the goddamn bush
about the whole matter! Instead, I had to wait that entire damn campaign to get some straight
answers!”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise. “It’s…” he began, then he fell silent as he bowed his
head. It was a far different reaction than what the Lancer had expected. “The world was
destroyed,” he murmured. “My friends and family are gone. I’m here in the middle of
nowhere, asked to fix history for a chance to bring everyone back. Everything I gained,
everything I had… gone, just like that. If… If I didn’t at least have Morgana with me, I
would have thought I had genuinely gone insane.”
He took a deep, heaving breath. “It’s been… difficult for me,” he continued quietly. “I think
what happened to me over the past year was also catching up to me at that point, so… there’s
that. It hasn’t been the first time I’ve been kicked down to the bottom, sure. Not even the
second. But… it doesn’t make it any easier. But that talk… well, it showed me that I need to
do something about it. That I need to be better – or rather, as good as I had been before – so
we can succeed, and take everything back.”
He smiled up at Joan. “And honestly? I’ve got you to thank for that,” he said. “That screw up
of a talk was the slap in the face I needed to snap myself out of it. It took a lot longer than it
should’ve, but because of that, I’m more than ready for whatever comes ahead so we can take
the whole world back. So… thank you, Joan, so much, for kicking my rear into gear and
getting things rolling. Without you, I might not have snapped out of it – not until it was far
too late, anyway.”
Joan’s mouth hung open. That… disaster of a talk was what caused Ren to shape up? And he
was genuinely thanking her for it?! Was this some sort of ploy to butter her up or something?
No, even an idiot could tell that Ren was being absolutely genuine – both his explanation for
his attitude and his gratitude. She wasn’t sure how to take this at all. Like with Mash, she felt
like she was faced with bright lights that she had to look away from.
And the explanation. She had no words for it. None at all. She may have been pissed about
what he had done to her but in the end, he wasn’t some demon or devil in the garb of a hero
or even a Phantom Thief. In front of her was just a person. One who was trying to do the best
with what he was given, for better or worse. She wasn’t sure how to process it at this point or
how to properly react. This was far too confusing for her.
“Just… just be more careful in the future,” she snapped, turning away. “Next time this
happens, I’ll give you an actual punch with a gauntlet – and you don’t wanna be picking teeth
up from the ground.”

Ren couldn’t help but chuckle at the ‘threat’. “I’ll keep that in mind,” he replied.
The dark-clad Lancer nodded. “Good,” she grumbled. Without another word, she slapped the
panel to open the door and walked through. As it hissed shut, she breathed a quiet sigh. Many
of the more straightforward questions had been answered, but now she was left with bigger,
more complicated ones. How would she fix the damage she had caused? What should she do
going forward? And ultimately, once it was all done, what then? What would she do?
She could only sigh. A new life was a hefty responsibility.
“Did you have a good talk?”
Joan jumped in surprise at the gentle voice. Whirling around, she came face to face with the
smiling figure of Jeanne d’Arc. “Wha- how long have you been here?” she spluttered as she
tried to calm down.
Jeanne shook her head. “Not too long,” she answered. “Morgana had mentioned you had left
to talk to our Master so I came. I did not think there was much cause for concern – neither
you nor Ren would allow the situation to escalate unduly – so I simply waited outside.
However…” The saintess took a closer look at Joan’s face. “You look troubled. Has he said
something to disturb you?”
“Disturb…?” Joan echoed, then she grunted. “Not any more than I’ve disturbed myself, I
guess. I’ve a lot of things to think about. Hell, I’m not even sure where to start on it.”
“I see…” Jeanne murmured in thought. “Then… what about speaking with me about it? I’m
not sure if I will be able to help, but I find a sympathetic, listening ear comforting and a good
way to lift the burden on one’s mind. It certainly feels like it whenever I come out of a
confessional feeling refreshed and ready to tackle my problems and sins.”
Joan’s mouth hung open slightly. She was about to refuse when Ren’s advice popped up in
her mind. She sighed inwardly to herself. Well, he knew better than she did about this, and
she had nothing better to go on anyway. “Fine,” she grumbled. “This isn’t a confession
though, just letting you know. I just… need some help with this is all.”
The saint smiled happily. “I did not intend it to be such,” she accepted easily. “Come, let us
get some tea first from the cafeteria – Marie showed me a particular blend that was
surprisingly delicious. There should be a conference room after which we may talk in peace
as much as you wish.”
The Lancer nodded stiffly as she followed the happy Jeanne. Despite her troubles, despite
everything, she felt her spirit lift ever so slightly. It seemed the Phantom Thief was on the
right track after all.
Damn that Ren Amamiya.
The director’s office had seen better days. Serving as Roman’s impromptu bedroom, the
formerly immaculate room had all the signs of a lived-in, overworked bachelor. While the

cleaning robots came in to straighten it out, it often became messy again to some degree
thanks to the doctor being stuck at his desk to the point of sleeping at it. And that was when
he wasn’t either at the command center trawling for new singularities or performing regular
check-ups or hearing out health concerns from the staff.
Fortunately, it was still at a state where it could receive guests. Sitting on the sofa were Da
Vinci and Marie, chatting amiably over tea. Tamamo sat across from them, quietly and
serenely enjoying her own cup, her twitching ears the only indication of her attention to their
conversation. Roman, meanwhile, was at his desk per usual as he finished typing up some
notes for his report while opening a new document to begin recording as necessary.
Under normal circumstances, he’d be more than intimidated having three such women with
him at once, especially when they were all waiting for him. However, circumstances are
hardly normal right now.
Finally, he was ready. “Right,” he murmured. At the single word, Da Vinci and Marie
stopped talking and looked towards the doctor. Tamamo hadn’t moved but another twitch of
her ear followed by a flick of her tail indicated her attention. Roman looked up and looked
toward Marie. “How’s Ritsuka doing?” he asked.
Marie smiled sadly. “Mademoiselle Ritsu is… as well as she could be under the current
circumstances,” she reported. “She simply washed, changed, and cried herself to sleep last
night. Other than that, I didn’t notice any behaviors or actions that are worth undue concern, I
believe.”
“She did wake up in the middle of the night,” Da Vinci supplied, gaining the attention of
everyone. “And made herself some hot chocolate. A rather marvelous drink – I’m surprised I
hadn’t tried it sooner. Anyway, I recommended she talk to both the ragazzo and the gatto as
they have experience in similar situations. They may be able to give advice and relate to her
more with the situation.”
“Ah, that is true,” Marie realized as she thought back. “Morgana had been more than
repentant for what had happened in Orleans. Such a sweet man he is. I’ve already more than
forgiven him. And if monsieur Astolfo was as you described to me, such a gallant man no
doubt would do the same.”
Roman nodded as he noted down what they said on the document. He would have to write a
report on Ritsuka’s mental state for observation and for the records. This same information he
would also have to take into account whenever he had their counseling session together.
Approaching Ren, Morgana, and Ritsuka the same way each was irresponsible and foolish, to
put it mildly. Even if it meant putting yet more work on his plate, he wasn’t about to half-ass
this if he could help it.
And speaking of Ren and Morgana, he looked up at Tamamo. “Tamamo, what do you think
of your Masters?” he asked. Tamamo had been with them from beginning to end in many of
the large battles. He had thought about asking Medusa, but Archer had recommended against
it. The man himself was currently cooking breakfast for everyone and had thus couldn’t join
them immediately. Loki… well, none of them could trust the answers the Avenger would

give (a fact that Loki would happily agree with). By process of elimination, that left the
Caster miko.
Tamamo gently set down her cup. “Our Masters are rather reckless,” she replied bluntly.
“Ren in particular seems to have a penchant of running headlong into danger if he believed it
necessary. He is more than capable with his own magecraft, I will not deny, but I am troubled
that recklessness may land him in hot water sooner or later.”
“He never seems to act without a plan though,” Roman mused, nevertheless recording
Tamamo’s observations.
“That is true,” Tamamo admitted. “However, that still doesn’t change that he takes on more
risks than may be strictly necessary. I do not doubt that he was instrumental to our victory in
the singularity many times over, but my concern is that he’ll end up overreaching with that
confidence of his and may end up in more trouble than it’s worth.”
Da Vinci’s ever-present smile warmed a bit. “You’re rather concerned for him,” she noted.
Tamamo’s eyes turned to the genius. “Of course I am,” she snapped. “He is my Master, after
all, as are Ritsuka Fujiimaru and Morgana. They are as fledglings about Grail Wars, and I
would rather not see them cut down before they have a chance to properly grow and blossom.
They hold great potential within them, after all.”
“That’s your take on Ritsuka as well, then?” Roman asked as his eyes flicked over to the
records of the singularity, where Tamamo had gone with Ritsuka and Mash to deal with
Caesar in Gaul.
“It is,” the Caster confirmed. “She’s friendly and open, though not naïve, and she has a daring
that few save perhaps her compatriot Masters can match. Her ideas are unorthodox yet
effective as well, and she thinks her actions through. While she may not have similar
magecraft or raw power Ren or Morgana have, I do not doubt she’ll be as equally valuable as
either of them.”
Roman nodded pensively, recording her words. This would be a good thing to tell Ritsuka
when they had their counseling. Tamamo may flatter others if necessary, but she wasn’t one
to outright compliment or praise without due reason. “I think she’d like to hear that herself,”
the doctor mused.
“And I shall tell her when the time is right,” Tamamo acknowledged. “Any sooner, however,
will undoubtedly feel hollow and ashen and will only make matters worse. There’s a time and
place for everything, doctor.”
The doctor nodded, acceding to Tamamo’s point. “And what about Morgana?” he asked,
looking between Marie and Tamamo.
Marie smiled. “From all that I have seen, it seems monsieur Morgana follows the shadow of
Ren closely,” she noted. “From their confidence to their leadership styles. However, he is
very much still his own person, else he would not have apologized to me so passionately for

seemingly failing me and Mozart. I do not believe there are any grave concerns about him –
where Ren goes, he goes.”
Tamamo nodded. “He seems to have garnered the attention of one of my other tails,” she
added. “And as… distasteful as I find her, she normally has a good judgement of people. She
even called him ‘master’ despite not being contracted to him. Morgana has said himself he’s
happy playing the support role, so I agree with Marie. I don’t have any major concerns with
him at the moment. I would recommend speaking with Medusa and Namel – Archer,
however. They can provide better, more recent observations than we could.
Roman noticed the slip of the tongue from Tamamo but didn’t comment on it, instead
focusing on writing down his notes. “Alright, got it,” he accepted. He finished typing and
sighed as he reclined back in his chair. “I think that’s my immediate concerns taken care of,”
he sighed. “Is there anything else we need to address while we’re here?”
“I believe so,” Da Vinci spoke up, drawing the attention of everyone in the room. “In each
singularity we have encountered thus far, we have encountered these beings called ‘demon
pillars’. While it is premature to completely assume that they are responsible for the current
state of affairs, I don’t believe it is a coincidence they have shown up twice. Furthermore,
their names-“
“Orobas and Flauros,” Tamamo supplied.
The genius nodded in acknowledgement. “Those names are from the Ars Goetia,” she
continued. “And I do not believe such powerful beings would take such names lightly –
names and identities do have power, after all. There is cause to believe they may actually
beings from the Ars Goetia.”
“No, that can’t be possible.”
The vehement denial from Roman surprised everyone present. “And what basis do you have
for that?” Tamamo inquired.
Roman spluttered for a second at eveyrone’s intense stares. “I-it just… can’t, okay?” he
stammered. “I mean, we only have the names of just two demon pillars. That’s not enough to
go off of. And even then, powerful beings can be vain – they may have just taken the names
or theming just to screw with people. Like how people or beings declare themselves gods that ‘grail’ from Ren’s adventures took on the name of Yaldabaoth, after all. But just
declaring yourself that doesn’t make it the actual Demiurge!”
Marie stirred her tea contemplatively. “Perhaps monsieur Amamiya may know something of
them?” she suggested. “As we have seen, he has summoned an incarnation of Flauros in the
Roman singularity, non? Might he have some knowledge of this matter?”
The doctor relaxed a bit at the new line of questioning. “We can try asking, but it’s doubtful,”
he answered. “Ren has already explained that his personas are basically the ‘form’ of the
beings, but not the actual beings themselves. He might know more about its background, but
that will probably be the extent of it. Until we have more info, all we know is that they’re
immensely powerful and Lev is one of them.”

The women looked at each other, uneasy and unsatisfied, but nodded. It seemed that was all
they would agree on this front today. After a bit more discussion, they all took their leave to
attend to their duties. Once the door shut behind them, the doctor collapsed his head in his
hands as the names resounded in his mind.
Orobas. Flauros. Ars Goetia.
“No,” he whispered. “It’s… it can’t be…”

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.com/invite/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 96: Advice
Chapter Summary

Growth is necessary - and everyone has to start somewhere.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Coming back to Chaldea was an odd experience. After spending so much time afield in the
Roman singularity, the modern architecture and conveniences took getting used to once more.
Lighting, sanitation, general quiet without the sounds of nature, it was all completely
different. It was neither good nor bad – it was merely different. For Medusa, that’s all it was.
Admittedly, the Roman singularity did make her feel at times slightly nostalgic for her own
home.
On the other hand, it was hard to beat modern printing technology.
Strolling slowly through the shelves of Chaldea’s considerable library, she perused the titles
of the books lined up on the shelves. Her purple eyes scanned each one carefully, seeing if
there was anything of interest. Under normal circumstances she would be more careful but
currently, she was the sole occupant of the library save for the robotic custodians that quietly
rolled by every once in a while.
Although she was hardly the only frequenter of the library, the staff were busy with their
duties and Joan, who was here almost as often as she was, was absent today. That was just
fine with her. She was never accustomed to more garrulous company, preferring quiet
companions if she could have that or solitude if she couldn’t. It did leave her with her own
thoughts and memories at times, but that mattered little.
Well, in terms of garrulous company, there were two major exceptions. Her fingers stopped
as she came across a book on Greek mythology. Under normal circumstances, she wouldn’t
even have given a second glance at it. Today, however, she picked it up. Her sister, Stheno,
hadn’t accompanied them on the campaign. Whether she would be summoned as a Servant is
also unknown but knowing her sisters… it was unlikely. That short visit on the island only
reminded her of how much she missed them.
Opening the book, she flipped easily to the myth of Perseus. She knew all the details by heart
– how could she not? He was the one who killed her in life, after all, with the aid of the gods.
Flipping a few more pages, she reached the part where he traveled to the Shapeless Isle to
fulfill the supposedly suicidal quest of slaying her. And the writer made the usual mistake:
That her sisters Stheno and Euryale were immortal and thus unkillable, while she was the
only one of the Gorgon sisters that could be slain.

A bitter smile creased in her heart. How she wished that had been the truth. If she could’ve
spared her sisters their deaths – especially by her own hands – she would’ve allowed herself
to be slain a thousand times over. But reality had not been so kind nor forgiving. She became
a monster that slew her own sisters. That was what ultimately happened, no matter how much
she wished otherwise.
‘Medusa, are you available?
The mental communication from Ren caught the Rider off guard, but she soon regained her
composure. ‘I am, Master,’ she murmured in reply. ‘Do you have need of me?’
‘I thought we should meet up to talk,’ he said. ‘There’s something important I need to explain
and clarify to you. It’s about that conversation we had that one night.’
No further elaboration was necessary; Medusa knew precisely which conversation Ren
meant. Her grip tightened slightly around the book as she remembered what Ren had told her
of the ‘ideal world’ at the time. A chance to be with her sisters again, to be happy once more.
Like they had all used to be, before the gods became jealous and they discovered the cruelty
of humanity.
‘… Where shall we meet?’ she asked quietly.
‘Will your room work?’ he asked. ‘I’ll bring us some coffee.’
Medusa paused, then nodded even though Ren wouldn’t be able to see it. ‘Very well,’ she
acceded. ‘I shall await you there, Master.’
Ren gave a note of satisfaction before withdrawing the mental contact. She gave one last
glance at the passage of how Perseus flew off with her head, leaving her sisters bemoaning
and shrieking with rage, before closing the book and sliding it back into place. Without
further comment or a backward glance, she turned and walked away, vanishing into golden
dust once more.
A few minutes later, after silently waiting in her room, she heard the panel ringing. Standing
up, she pressed the button without bothering to activate the door camera. More than any other
sense, the smell of coffee that immediately pervaded the room notified who it was regardless.
“Master,” she greeted quietly. She once more had her blindfold on, both to ensure she didn’t
petrify him and to hide her eyes. From her observations, Ren had proven more than adroit at
discerning mood changes in a person from just the slightest sign. Right now, that wasn’t what
she wished to risk.
The Phantom Thief smiled back in turn. “Hey Medusa,” he greeted back. Stepping into her
room holding two mugs of coffee, he passed one over to her. “Did you get enough rest?”
“Servants do not require much rest,” she corrected. “We merely require mana from our
Masters to restore ourselves to full capability.” There was something else she wanted to add –
perhaps a simple courtesy – but it caught on her tongue. Kindness from a Master without any
further meaning or clause was still a mildly foreign concept to her. With her former Masters,
she had either been abused on a regular basis or treated with warmth that was tainted by a

fathomless darkness. And yet, she felt none of that from her current Masters. They were truly
peculiar. “What of you, Master?” she asked in turn.
Ren smiled, seemingly taking no offense at such a blunt answer. “Not as much as I should,”
he admitted. “But there’s a lot I need to do today. I’ll probably take a nap later on – you may
find me crawled up in some unexpected corner dozing off. Just as a warning.”
Underneath her blindfold, Medusa blinked in surprise. “I was… not aware of this habit,” she
carefully replied.
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “You’d be surprised,” he lightly explained. “If I’m relaxed, I
can doze off almost anywhere, anytime. I think my friends once caught me dozing off on top
of the rafters in my bedroom after I climbed up there on a whim. And more than a few times,
I nodded off in random trees or benches in parks. Pretty sure they think I’m more of a cat
than Morgana.”
Despite herself, Medusa gave a tiny smile of amusement. “It seems you are full of surprises,
both great and small,” she remarked. She gave a small sip of her coffee – and to her surprise,
it was a gentler on her pallet. Far less bitter than she expected, though it did drown out some
notes of the coffee to her regret.
“I added a bit of milk and sugar to yours,” Ren explained, noticing her pause. “Pretty sure my
mentor in coffee would kill me if he ever found out, but I thought it would be a good way to
ease you into the brews until you’re more accustomed to it.”
Medusa once more blinked, then dipped her head down for another sip to hide her
displeasure. It seemed that despite the blindfold, Ren could still read her well. She was both
pleased and irritated by the fact. “I believe you had a matter you wished to discuss?” the
Rider asked quietly, looking to veer the visit to the main topic at hand.
The shift in the atmosphere was subtle but noticeable. Ren hadn’t looked up from his coffee,
nor did he even move, but the air around him seemed to become cooler. ‘There is,’ he
confirmed. The mental communication was strictly between the two of them, and Medusa
needed no explanation why – like before, the information was incredibly sensitive and not to
be spoken of unless there was a need. ‘I wanted to elaborate more on that world I talked
about.’
Medusa made no move as she considered her next words. She had multitudes of questions to
ask, but she wasn’t sure where to begin. Having a full picture would be a good starting point.
‘Speak, then,’ the Rider replied with a thought in return.
Ren serenely sipped his coffee. ‘The world that had been created was both false and real,’ he
elaborated. ‘It was made by a third party who had taken control of Mementos and was using
the cognitive might of millions of people, combined with his own powers, to create an ‘ideal
world’. No one would suffer, no one would experience loss or obstacles, no one would be
hindered from their happiness. In a sense, it could truly be considered a paradise.’
The Rider quietly digested this information. It sounded more than ideal, but she knew far too
well something like this was simply too good to be true. ‘And yet you opposed this?’ she

inquired.
‘I did,’ the Phantom Thief confirmed. ‘I called it false because at the time because the third
party’s control hadn’t been complete yet. Even then, he was able to seemingly resurrect
people who had long passed away, with either their original personalities or modified ones
depending on who wished for them. There were only a few exceptions, of course, but whether
their unhappiness is the person’s own wish or the will of the third party, I can’t say for sure.’
He could still remember that time as he tried to find his friends. Makoto’s father was back –
or rather, made so he had never been killed at all. Wakaba Isshiki – Futaba’s mother – was
present and as eccentric as both Sojiro and Futaba described her. Haru’s father was a wellmeaning if bumbling man when they met in that ideal world – a far cry from the greedy
scumbag who saw everyone around him as disposable robots, even his own daughter.
‘And if this third party succeeded?’ Medusa probed.
Ren hesitated. ‘Then the ‘false’ world would have become reality,’ he replied. ‘Those who
had passed away would be back, hale and whole. People would succeed in their dreams no
matter what. There wouldn’t be any suffering or pain, no obstacles to one’s happiness. It
would basically be handed to you on a silver platter, one way or another.’
Save one. As Ren reflected on that time, he realized one thing: Maruki had always talked
about the happiness of others, be it of the common people, of Sumire, of Ren and his friends,
and even of his former girlfriend, Rumi. And yet, the doctor never spoke about his own
happiness. Everything they saw in his Palace as they ascended the tower showed no
indication of it either. He would’ve been the god – or rather, the administrator of this ideal
world he had created, one where everyone could be happy. Except, possibly – no, certainly for him.
Medusa didn’t speak. For a long while, the two simply sat in the room, the silence deafening
save for Ren calmly sipping at his brew. The Rider hadn’t even taken another sip, so
preoccupied she was with her thoughts – and wrestling with anger and frustration that even
she knew was unfair to take out on her Master. Archer had told her such a world would be
utterly impossible for many, many reasons, and yet… it was a dream beyond a dream. A hope
beyond a hope that maybe, just maybe…
‘Then why did you oppose this third party?’ the Rider finally asked with as much selfrestraint as possible. ‘If what you are telling me is the case, then as you say, it would be an
‘ideal world’ for everyone, including you.’
‘It would be for many,’ Ren admitted. ‘I won’t deny that. And yet I’ve met many people who
have taken their pains and losses and grew stronger for it. I’ve also met people who didn’t
want to just be puppets on strings, pulled towards happiness without any choice or freedom
in the matter. If that pain was taken away from them, then we never would have met as
friends. They may have never grown to be the awesome people I’ve come to know them as. It
hurts, yes, but… it’s how we grow and learn. We make do with what we have in the end.’
‘But the most important part,’ he added, his eyes steely. ‘Was that you had no choice in the
matter. You were going to be happy, no matter what – hell, you were made to. If your

happiness is incompatible with what reality is, then your desires and happiness would be
changed.”
Medusa froze. ‘… What did you say…?’ she whispered.
‘If your happiness couldn’t line up with reality, then whatever made you happy would be
changed,’ Ren explained. ‘There was one acquaintance a friend of mine knew that was
frustrated with his art and was switched over to archery instead. And… another dear friend
of mine nearly had her entire identity written over to what he would perceive as ‘better’ for
her. As I said, you would be made to be happy, the manner be damned.’
The frustration that had been simmering underneath drained away into cold horror. This
‘ideal world’, this paradise, one where she could have possibly been reunited with her
sisters… was just yet another world under another god who would change beings at a whim
to fit their agenda. If… if her happiness wasn’t possible, would she have been changed so she
would be happy regardless? If what Ren said was true and with her experience with gods, she
knew it would absolutely be the case. What form would it take? Would she forget her sisters?
Would her sisters be different people?
Her hands quietly tightened into fists. It would be no different than when Athena had cursed
her to begin with.
Once more silence fell over the room as they went over their own thoughts. Medusa could
only berate herself silently for asking so much of her Master. She was a Servant – nothing
more than a tool for her Masters. To try and seek answers in such a manner was unbecoming.
And Ren had been responsible enough to give her what she sought. Perhaps it was best to
dismiss this conversation and‘… I was tempted.’
The confession from Ren caught Medusa by surprise. ‘What?’ she asked.
Ren thumbed the handle of his mug as he stared down into his half-empty coffee. ‘I believe
I’ve told you guys about Akechi,’ he murmured. ‘And I also told you that the third party could
bring back people from the dead. Well, he brought back Akechi as well. Whether he actually
brought him back or simply brought the cognition I had of him into being, it’s hard to say. But
either way, it was him. The one person that, after everything, I wasn’t about to save.’
Medusa stared at Ren through her blindfold. ‘And yet it was not enough to have you accept?’
she guessed.
The Phantom Thief gave a bitter chuckle. ‘Oh, it nearly was,’ he replied. ‘The third party
made it clear that, if their world didn’t come to be, then Akechi would also be gone as well.
When I heard that, I was tempted to give in. After all, it was the one chance of saving
someone who deserved much better than what life had given him. A person that, if
circumstances had been otherwise, I would’ve easily counted as one of my closest friends.’
‘Then what convinced you otherwise?’ the Rider prodded.

Ren smiled wryly in reminiscence. ‘He did,’ he answered simply.
Again, Medusa was caught off guard. ‘Akechi himself?’ she echoed.
‘Yep,’ Ren confirmed. ‘Akechi was there when the third party explained what would happen if
we proceeded with our plans – and he made it clear he couldn’t give any less of a damn if he
vanished or died as a result. He’d rather seize his life with his own hands than have it foisted
on him yet again, even if it was a paradise. That was the last push I needed to reject that
‘ideal’ world. He was right – a paradise without choice is just another tyranny: something
we’ve been fighting against this entire time.’
Once again, Medusa was quiet as she pondered Ren’s words. ‘He sounds like an admirable
person,’ she commented.
That brought a bark of laughter from Ren. ‘’Admirable’ is a strong word,’ he replied wryly.
Medusa couldn’t help but also be caught up in the mirth and smile in turn. True, she knew all
too well that strong individuals didn’t necessarily equate to decent individuals or vice versa.
But hearing the story of Akechi from Ren… she had to agree. Paradise or no, she wouldn’t be
subject to the whims of a god again, no matter how benevolent they appeared to be.
But in its place was a sense of disappointment. A world where she could be happy with her
sisters once more… it was a hope beyond a hope and her chance had long since passed, but to
hear that it was a false utopia was still a bitter pill to swallow. Even powers as outlandish as
Ren’s and Morgana’s – or the worlds they come from – couldn’t grant her that. Well, in the
end, that was what she ultimately expected – though it still stung slightly.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t be much help here,” Ren spoke with an apologetic smile. “I hope
everything’s cleared up, at least?”
Medusa blinked in surprise, then nodded with the slightest movement of her head. “Yes,” she
confirmed. “It has been cleared up. I will have no further distractions in my duties, Master.”
Ren nodded. Setting down his coffee, he reached into his pocket and fished out a small box
within. “Speaking of which, I’ve been meaning to give you this,” he said, handing it over to
the Rider. Medusa again could only blink and slowly opened it with a mix of curiosity and
apprehension. Resting on a small cushion within was an innocuous pair of simple, black
framed glasses.
“I wasn’t sure how you could read books with that blindfold,” Ren explained as the Rider’s
inquiring tilt of the head. “And it’s probably a pain constantly removing and replacing it
whenever someone’s around when you don’t need it, so I asked Da Vinci to make these
glasses for you. From what she said, they should filter out the mystery from your eyes as long
as you’re not pumping mana into them. That way, you can freely read when you want without
having to worry about the people nearby.”
The Rider’s mouth dropped open slightly. She tried to glean if there was some sort of hidden
intention with the gift but could detect nothing of the sort. “Servants do not require such
gifts,” she expounded almost automatically. “Our existences-“

“Are here right now,” Ren interjected firmly. “As much as you guys insist otherwise, you’re
still people with your own thoughts, wants, needs, and ability to make choices. If you prefer,
you can just think of it as your Master’s selfishness: I want to give you this because I can. It’s
my choice to do so, after all.”
The phrasing had Medusa looking up at Ren with a rather flat expression, one he could feel
through her blindfold. “You are accustomed to playing dirty, it seems,” she grumbled.
Ren grinned with a shrug. “Guilty,” he admitted.
Medusa was silent for a moment, once more regarding the glasses. “Please turn around for a
moment, Master,” she requested quietly. As Ren obediently did so, she slowly took Breaker
Gorgon off, the blindfold vanishing into motes of mana. Slowly taking out the glasses, she
slid them on. Though her other senses more than sufficed to replace her vision, being able to
see the world with such clarity was always both a luxury and a curse.
“You have beautiful eyes.”
Rider was startled out of her reverie by the remark – and glanced at Ren by accident. To her
surprise, he showed no sign of stiffening or petrifying from her eyes. “You should not have
turned to look,” she admonished, a small edge to her tone.
Ren smiled apologetically. “I trust Da Vinci’s craftsmanship, but you’re right,” he accepted.
“How are they?”
Medusa was quiet for a bit as she adjusted her glasses. “They… fit well,” she muttered. “And
they allow me to see well. They are incredibly functional.”
“Good enough for reading?” the Phantom Thief asked with a knowing smile.
The Rider paused, then favored him with a small smile in return. “Yes,” she acknowledged
with a trace of humor in her voice. “Good enough for reading.”
The Phantom Thief smiled. “Good,” he replied. “And I’m sure Da Vinci will be happy to hear
that her craftsmanship is perfect as always. Now, anything else you wanted to ask me or clear
up?”
Medusa pondered for a moment. Then she thought of one question. “Are you not curious why
I wanted to know about such a world…?” she asked quietly.
Ren frowned slightly. “A bit,” he confessed. “But everyone has their own circumstances and
reasons. A world like that would be tempting for anyone, I’ll admit. I’m sure you had your
own desires or dreams for such a place.”
There was a quiet pause. “Do you wish to know…?” the Rider whispered.
“Do you want to tell?” Ren countered.
Again, another silence. As much as she tried to get a read on Ren, he had proved elusive time
and time again. It was as if he bore an uncountable number of faces and sides, yet they all

blended to create a certain purity that she couldn’t easily fathom. He was both refreshingly
simple yet infuriatingly complex at the same time. He could be kind for its own sake yet
greedy as well, humble yet bear a confidence almost to the point of arrogance, intelligent and
yet he played the fool when he wished to be.
“… No,” Medusa admitted. “Not yet. A tale for another time, Master, but not now.”
The Phantom Thief nodded, accepting the answer. “Sounds good to me,” he replied. “In the
meantime, I’ll be counting on you, Medusa.”
The Rider nodded back in turn. “My strength is yours until the end,” she reaffirmed.
Ren smiled back, lifting his mug up in a small toast before taking another sip. Within him, he
felt the familiar warmth as another arcana formed with Medusa. The Devil arcana. Not one he
entirely expected but it was still welcome, nevertheless.
“Master.”
Glancing up out of his musings, Ren looked over to Medusa. Through her glasses, his grey
eyes easily met her beautiful amethyst ones. They were square as opposed to round but
captivating, nevertheless. He could see a myriad of emotions running through her gaze, much
more than he thought. It was an intriguing sight; one he could be immersed in for a gods
know how long. He idly wondered if people who first looked into her eyes were transfixed
from how beautiful they were first before they turned to stone.
“… thank you,” she whispered. “For the gift.”
The Phantom Thief smiled. “Anytime,” he replied easily. “You better drink your coffee, by
the way – it’s not nearly as good cold.”
Medusa nodded and took another sip, enjoying the mellowness of the brew coupled with the
sweetness of the sugar. Underneath, she could taste those faint notes of the coffee though it
was just tantalizingly out of reach. But she would reach it eventually. It just took patience and
work.
She had her time here to become accustomed to it, after all.
The simulator was quiet. It was on the default setting of the training grounds. Currently,
however, there were no signs of monsters or beasts appearing, nor were there any combatants
in the training area. The forest beyond held nothing, save the occasional chirp or squeak of
smaller fauna in the trees and undergrowth. Nearby was a small stream that gurgled as it
flowed serenely, with a small waterfall feeding it in the distance. It was the perfect
environment for a swim if one wished for it.
However, for at least two people, it was the perfect place to go fishing instead.
Morgana yawned as he scratched behind his ear, holding a pole and sitting on a small rocky
outcrop. Beside him was a small bucket filled with a few fish. Nothing as grand as what he

had caught in the Roman singularity, of course, but he was still quite happy with it. He gained
a new appreciation of fishing for being able to gather his thoughts and have a moment’s
quiet. As much as he wanted to fish with Ren and perhaps see who could haul the bigger
catch, his best friend was rather busy catching up with people and dealing with his own plans.
He couldn’t help but chuckle to himself. It was like in Tokyo again, where Ren always talked
and checked in with people and almost all times of the day. It was a familiar, almost
refreshing feeling.
A small distance away was Cu Chulainn. He had brought a small wooden stool and was
sitting on it as he waited for a fish to pull on his line. The Lancer often came to the simulator
to train, spar, or fish. It had been a way to stave off boredom but not the best way. Even the
best things could get stale after a little while. He was certainly surprised when Morgana
showed up and was tempted to talk to him, but then that would scare away the fish. For now,
they simply sat in companionable silence.
That being said, there were other things to note. The Lancer had only managed to glance at
Ren, but observing Morgana more closely confirmed it: They definitely have been through
the wringer. They felt like warriors who had just come from a long, hard battle, covered in
dirt and soot. The kind of guys who, if asked if they had done anything worth boasting about,
would just laugh it off before shuffling off to nurse their scars, be they physical, mental, or
spiritual. It helped that both Ren and Morgana were surprisingly tough – their previous
adventures, no doubt. But…
“Caught anything good?” Morgana called over without taking his eyes off his rod.
Cu shrugged in return. “Eh, a few small fry,” he bluntly answered. “Nothing worth
mentioning. What about you?”
“About the same,” the catlike being groused. “Man, the oceans back in the Roman singularity
definitely had better catches. Maybe I should ask Da Vinci to see if we can set the simulator
an ocean instead for fishing.”
“Oh yeah?” Cu asked, his attention piqued. “What’d you catch?”
“Archer managed to catch some flounders,” Morgana replied as he pulled at the line to
dangle the bait a bit. “I managed to catch a bass. And – get this – I managed to catch a
swordfish!”
The Lancer looked over with a raised eyebrow. “Why the hell didn’t you lead with that?” he
asked. “You seriously caught a whole damn swordfish?”
“It nearly yanked me into the water too,” Morgana replied with a laugh. “Tama- er, Tamamo
Cat had to pull on me with the rod for us to fish it out. It was delicious, almost as good as
fatty tuna! Once everyone was finished, I even had Da Vinci commemorate it with its bones!”
Standing up, he pulled something out of his pocket: A rapier, made to his size and shaped like
a swordfish skull. Its horn formed the blade and the skull itself formed the hand guard.
“Pretty awesome, right?” he asked with a cocky grin.

Cu Chulainn blinked several times, then he began chuckling in amusement. “Ha! Yeah, that is
pretty awesome,” he agreed with a grin. He lifted his hand and summoned the Gae Bolg
before stabbing it into the ground. “Got this guy from a sea beast like you,” he explained as
Morgana looked over in askance. “Guess we got something in common now!”
The catlike being chuckled back, matching the Lancer’s mirth. “Guess we do,” he replied
with a grin. With that, they turned their attention back to fishing. While the conversation had
been slightly forced, the air between them felt lighter overall. The catlike being doubted he
could ever be good friends with someone like Cu Chulainn, but at the very least, they could
count on each other to watch one another’s backs. There was a good deal of comfort in that,
at least.
Morgana’s ears twitched as he heard footsteps nearby. Cu’s expression didn’t change, though
a slight shift in his body was all that was needed to show his awareness. The catlike being
glanced over to see Ritsuka walking up towards them. “Hey, Ritsu!” he greeted. “Sleep
well?”
“About as good as it gets,” she answered with a grin. “I’m never taking soft beds for granted
again. Camping out may be fun but as part of an army march? No thank you.”
“Don’t mistake the two,” Cu interjected, catching the attention of the other two. “Going with
an army is a pain in the ass. But camping by yourself beneath the stars, going roads you
wanna go, with company only you wanna keep? Now that’s the life.” His rod began bending
as a fish began pulling at it. With a swift motion, he reeled in his catch – a small roach. The
Lancer flashed a brief scowl before tossing it into his bucket, then cast his line out again.
Ritsuka nodded in consideration. “Huh,” she mused. “Maybe I should actually go camping
one of these days. You know, when the fate of humanity isn’t at stake.”
“That sounds like fun,” Morgana commented as Ritsuka took a seat between the two anglers.
“Though hopefully we can bring some better food – military rations aren’t the greatest. Or
look the greatest. Or smell. Well, they’re not much of anything, come to think of it.”
“What, you don’t hunt your own food?” Cu asked, glancing over. “There’s nothing like some
fresh game – rabbit or bird, deer if you’re lucky. Or boar if you’re feeling either brave or
stupid. Roast them over a fire with some natural herbs, and you’re all set for the evening. If
you got some extras, you can either dry them out or smoke them to go.”
Ritsuka frowned in thought. “I think there’s hunting and weapon regulations for that,” the
redhead mused. “Not sure though.”
“And I think Japan’s even worse in that regard,” Morgana added.
The Lancer huffed in annoyance. “Modern humanity just takes the fun out of everything,
don’t they,” he grumbled. Both Morgana and Ritsuka chuckled in response.
The three fell quiet once more. The only sounds were a gentle breeze that blew by, the
gurgling of the stream, and the quiet sounds of fauna. However, the two anglers already noted
that something was off ever since Ritsuka joined them. The girl seemed… disturbed and

dispirited were perhaps the closest words to describe it. Neither of them wished to broach the
topic if she didn’t wish to speak of it, but the sense of heaviness loomed in the air.
In short, the whole situation was getting rather awkward for all of them.
“Hey,” Ritsuka finally called out. “So, um… I wanna… talk to you guys about something.
Something a bit more serious than usual. I could use your guys’ help.”
Neither of them turned to look at her but it was clear she had their attention. “Yeah?”
Morgana asked. “What’s up, Ritsu?”
The redhead gulped as she tried to figure out how to phrase it. “So… how do you handle
death?” she asked quietly.
“Gonna have to be more specific than that,” Cu replied bluntly without looking the least bit
perturbed.
Ritsuka hesitated, debating just how much she wanted to say – and whether she could even
force the words out. She brought her knees up to her chest and hugged them. “How…” she
stammered. “How do you… d-deal with someone dying in your arms…?”
That caused both Morgana and Cu to look over at her before glancing at each other in
concern. Morgana decided to push the boundary a bit. “Is… this about Astolfo…?” he quietly
asked.
The redhead froze, then slowly nodded. “Y-yeah,” she muttered. “I t-tried to heal him but… it
wasn’t enough. A-and before I knew it, he was… he…” Her breath caught and she had to
stop, trying to calm herself as she buried her face in her knees. She had talked about it with
Mash and managed to keep it together a tiny bit. It should be easier this time, but…
“Doesn’t get easier, I’ll tell you that.”
Both Ritsuka and Morgana looked over at Cu. Though he seemed impassive about it, his
shoulders seem to have relaxed a bit further as his eyes wandered up toward the simulated
sky. “Sometimes, you got no other option than to see them off like that,” he muttered. “It’s a
luxury for the dying guy, at least – in the arms of a comrade with someone to cry over them,
and the guy holding them gets the closure of knowing their buddy is gone as opposed to not
knowing what the hell happened to them. In a way, it’s a win-win for both sides.”
He let out a long, heavy sigh. “Of course, it’s nothing more than a cold comfort,” he
admitted. “But in the end, it’s a way to keep moving on.” He glanced over to Ritsuka. “Out of
curiosity –“ Cu inquired. “Was the guy smiling in the end? Like an honest smile?”
Ritsuka’s mouth fell open slightly as she thought back. Her mind couldn’t stop replaying that
scene even if she wanted it to. Astolfo’s final words as well rang through her head.
‘I had fun. With you, with Morgana, with everyone. I’m glad I went on this adventure with
you.’

She swallowed again. “He was,” she whispered as a few tears leaked from her eyes. “He was
smiling.”
The Lancer nodded with somber satisfaction. “Then that’s probably the best one can ask for,”
he concluded. “It’s not much, I’ll admit, but at least take comfort in that.”
“But,” Ritsuka began blubbering. “H-he died because… because I hesitated. If-If I only made
a different call or-or contracted him as a Servant, then I could’ve-“
“Stop, Ritsuka.”
This time, the interruption came not from Cu Chulainn but Morgana. He was staring ahead
but his paws were clenching the pole so hard that despite his small sizing, it was shaking in
his grip. “It’s not worth going over the ‘what-ifs’,” he murmured. “You did what you could –
and sometimes, the best you can do is just see them off as best you can.”
“Like with Marie and Mozart?” Ritsuka asked quietly.
Morgana glanced over in surprise, then sighed heavily. “Not like with Marie and Mozart,” he
confessed. “I beat myself up pretty hard about it too. When Marie was summoned, I
immediately went to apologize to her for letting that happen in the first place. Wanna know
what she did?”
The Master thought about the ever-cheerful Marie and pondered how she would react.
“She… laughed it off?” she suggested.
“Almost,” the catlike being answered. “She forgave me immediately. She only got annoyed
when I kept beating myself over it and flicked me in the forehead as punishment.” He could
still remember the sting from that. Forehead flicks surprisingly hurt. “She said I still
succeeded where all others have failed, and if I was truly contrite, then to reflect upon my
mistakes so it doesn’t happen again. It’s… something I’m still carrying and learning. I got a
long way to go.”
“Bad calls happen,” Cu Chulainn stated simply. “Shit goes sideways, you got a stroke of bad
luck, or sometimes you just got a witch who dumped half a dozen curses on you. Especially
in battle or war, where no matter how much you plan or what you do, people can die for the
damn stupidest of reasons you can’t ever see coming. In the end, you take it on the chin,
learn, and keep going. To do any less would be disappointing to the ones who have gone on
ahead with a smile.”
Ritsuka buried herself deeper in her knees. “You guys make it sound so easy,” she mumbled.
“It isn’t,” came the simultaneous reply from both the Lancer and Morgana. The redhead
looked at both of them in surprise as the two glanced at each other and shared a
commiserating nod.
“But like I said, you learn to live with it,” Cu said.

“And honestly, from I’ve seen of you, Ritsu,” Morgana quietly added. “I think you’re capable
of that too. It’s definitely gonna take some time, yeah. But… you’ll get through this and be
stronger for it on the other side. And if you ever need help or advice, well, you got all of us
with you. We’ll all help you how we can.”
“If it’s a cat saying that, then you definitely have their trust,” Cu remarked with a broad grin.
“Hey, what’s that supposed to mean?!” Morgana cried, glaring at the Lancer as the man
guffawed at his reaction.
Despite everything, Ritsuka started laughing as well. It still hurt – a lot – but they were right.
She could only learn from it and keep moving forward. And if they had faith that she could
be better, then she would be. After all, the Phantom Thieves of all people thought she would,
and she wasn’t about to disappoint them. But in the meantime…
“Where are the rods? I wanna see what the fuss is about.”
Loki yawned loudly as they twirled their gun on their finger while laying on their bed. Aside
from the metallic weapon in his hand, the only other sound was the quiet hiss of the air
conditioner in their room. Their room was barren, though that wasn’t by choice – they hadn’t
gotten a chance to really settle in before they were called into the Roman singularity and even
then, hadn’t exactly accumulated a lot of souvenirs. It didn’t help that Servants didn’t exactly
need much in terms of material possessions anyway.
The Avenger had been on house arrest ever since they had gotten back to Chaldea. The walls
were reinforced with Tamamo’s seals to prevent him from escaping in spirit form and while
they could exit utilizing the Metaverse, they didn’t want to. After all, Roman had made it
clear they were being monitored around the clock. If the trickster god tried anything, then that
would be the end of it. And frankly, they couldn’t think of a more anticlimactic way to go
out.
In the end, that only meant one thing: They were stuck here, and they were bored out of their
mind. They expected at least a visit from someone – probably Ren, maybe the doctor or Da
Vinci or Tamamo. Or even from that goody two-shoes Shielder – a girl whose innocence yet
boldness annoyed yet impressed them in equal measure – but so far, no one had. They
discounted Ritsuka; that girl was far too busy wallowing in grief to be the firebrand that
caught their interest early on.
The only conclusion they could draw was that they were all busy, which again frustrated
them. They wanted to see and hear what was going on, if there was anything of
entertainment. Ren especially had gotten his head out of his ass, apparently, and definitely
wouldn’t be idle. But no, they were stuck here until whatever was decided for them. How
utterly disappointing.
And speaking of disappointment, their red eyes roved lazily over to a corner of the room.
“You’re free to sit and stare all you want,” they commented. “But can you at least have the
sense to do so visibly? I never took a dragon slayer to be a stalker, after all.”

There was a momentary pause, then Siegfried appeared in a shower of golden light. “I
apologize for your discomfort,” he replied. “However, you are aware why I must maintain a
vigilance on you despite all the measures that have been taken. I am thankful you are at least
behaving yourself.”
“Oh, come now, you make it sound like I cause trouble no matter where I go,” Loki sighed.
“It was an honest mistake and one I’m repentant of. Aren’t prisoners at least given a bit of
slack for good behavior? You can grant me that much, at least.”
Siegfried frowned. “I would were you not the god of tricksters Loki,” he responded bluntly.
“I have heard much of your account in the Roman singularity and your actions. Until your
judgment is decided, I cannot allow further leniency than I am already indulging you in.”
The Avenger raised an eyebrow with a smirk. “Further leniency?” they echoed as they
continued twirling their gun. “If this is what you consider leniency, then I shudder to think
what would constitute an actual punishment. Consider me warned and scared.” Chuckling,
they reclined on their bed, aimed their pistol at where supposedly a seal of Tamamo’s sat, and
pantomimed firing at it before dismissing the weapon in their hand.
Siegfried watched everything with an impassive look. “What are your goals?” he asked.
“Hm?” Loki hummed, looking over in mild curiosity.
“We Servants have come here to fight for humanity,” the dragon slayer elaborated. “To that
end, we are tools and resources at our Masters’ disposal. You, however, have seemingly
appeared for no particular reason save for your own entertainment, bearing the guise of one
of our Masters’ comrades. Is that your only goal and wish: Simply for your own
amusement?”
Loki raised an eyebrow, then broke out laughing. “Ha! ‘Is that the only goal and reason,’ he
asks!” they cried. “Oh, you are so oblivious that it’s honestly both pitying, adorable, and
hilarious all at the same time! I didn’t think I’d have found a good reason to laugh all day
today, but you seem to have defied that masterfully! Perhaps you should take up a career of
being a damned jester! It should complement your myth damn well!”
If Siegfried was bothered at all by Loki’s taunts, he showed no sign of it as he continued to
stare impassively at the trickster god. “You did not answer,” he pointed out.
The Avenger shot a glare at the dragonslayer. “Of course I didn’t,” they snapped. “Do you
truly think such an idiotic question requires an answer? Or that I should deign to reply? And
even if I did answer, I could make up any damn number of answers to soften you up. I’m sure
they warned you: ‘Don’t speak too much to Loki. They speak with a forked tongue and can
deceive you.’ Not as flowery, sure, but you get my gist.”
“I received no warnings of the kind,” Siegfried replied simply. “I was merely asked to keep
watch over you and report if there’s anything amiss at my own discretion. And you are
correct – you could simply fabricate your own answer. However, I thought I should at least be
more aware of one’s intentions before taking undue action.”

Loki didn’t answer immediately, their red eyes boring into Siegfried as they considered their
answer. “And here I thought you were nothing more than a musclehead,” they groused.
“Seems you at least have something of a brain. I’m not sure whether that impresses me or
pisses me off.”
For the first time, Siegfried flashed a small smile. “There is much time to reflect and think
about when you have little else to do, both in life and death,” he simply replied. “Perhaps you
might benefit from doing so as well, Loki.”
The trickster god glared at the dragonslayer. “And you might benefit from silencing
yourself,” they growled back in turn. “I need no counsel from you. In the end, what I do is
my own goddamn business. No less. And if that gets me kicked out? Well, I’m used to it at
this point. I got my money’s worth from that Roman singularity anyway.”
The Saber stared at Loki as they rolled over away from him. He considered restarting the
conversation, then simply shook his head and vanished into golden dust once more. He knew
when he had pushed one’s patience enough for today. For now, he would remain on guard
duty until there was further need of him.
As for Loki they simply grumbled as they closed their eyes. Utterly ridiculous. They were
here only for their own entertainment. The body they were utilizing simply happened to be
the most convenient conduit to the location that seemed the most amusing. And it had been.
They had done much, gotten into plenty of mischief, and even dragged down some selfproclaimed son of Zeus who barked far louder than he could ever bite in a thousand lifetimes.
If that wasn’t a good day, they had no idea what was.
‘Is that your only goal and wish?’
The Avenger’s frown became even deeper. Opening an eye, they reached into their breast
pocket and pulled out a single, solitary black glove. It was always with them at all times, no
matter what happened. As much as they wanted to, they couldn’t either toss it away or
dismiss it casually. Some influence of their damned host, most likely. Besides, a single glove?
That vexed them the most. A glove always came in a pair. They had a single hand. The other
one was…
Stopping the thought cold, they shoved the glove back into the pocket. ‘Ludicrous’ was their
last scornful thought as they shut their eyes once more.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or the background lore, join the Discord!
You'll get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 97: Shift
Chapter Summary

Things change. Especially one's own mind.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It had been a while since Ren had visited the Thieves Den. Soft, smooth music still played
from unseen speakers throughout the area as his footsteps clacked against the tile below. The
Roman railings were still there, austere and regal, contrasting sharply with the clinical light
blue of the Chaldea’s facility walls that lined the room. In terms of design and architecture,
the room hadn’t changed all that much. No, the changes were both more subtle yet obvious.
He stopped by one of the walls. The askew TVs that lined this section mostly played static
but occasionally played scenes of his past adventures – their escape from Futaba’s Palace as
the pyramid collapsed underneath them and Maruki’s Persona transforming into Adam
Kadmon after integrating the doctor’s treasure. However, now there were scenes from
Chaldea mixed in: holding Mash’s hand amidst the flames of the Command Room. Racing
through the frozen hellscape that was the Jeanne doppelganger’s Palace. Facing down two
hundred URE automatons while Leonidas watched impassively.
Ren watched with mild curiosity before casually walking on. Things had certainly changed as
of late.
Walking through the Den’s halls had always been an interesting, if surreal experience. It felt
both familiar yet completely foreign at the same time. Maybe it was the different
surroundings? Or he was viewing things from a different perspective, both literally and
figuratively? No matter the case though, it felt… well, ‘home’ wasn’t the right word for it. It
felt like a part of him, much like anything else - and one couldn’t exactly call their arm a
‘home’.
For now, it was just him in the Den. He had thought that perhaps Mash would visit but so far,
she hadn’t shown up. He couldn’t blame her – entering his Den was a considerable display of
his trust and she was more than aware of the responsibility that entailed. He wasn’t about to
push her. She could make the call for herself. And if she did, he’d give her the grand tour.
Maybe he’d even make her some coffee here with the LeBlanc exhibit. As much as he liked
Chaldea’s state-of-the-art machines, his brews didn’t quite have that same… ‘homey’ feel
that LeBlanc had.
Or maybe he was just homesick. Either way.

Turning, he began walking down the suspended glass steps towards the exhibits. Many of
them still reflected his time in Tokyo – a model of the Velvet Room, the LeBlanc exhibit,
Shido’s lion, and the Adam Kadmon looming over everything from the ceiling. The Mash
exhibit was the only one that reflected his time at Chaldea so far. It still stood, resolute and
strong, bearing the Shielder’s determined expression as she charged at her foes. That wasn’t
an image that would fade anytime soon.
Walking past, he stopped at the Shido exhibit, frowning in distaste as he once more picked
out the details of the people that made up his golden lion. As he stared, it vanished and
became a new exhibit: A demon pillar, large though not to scale, with Lev Lainur standing in
front of it. The mage’s expression bore a mad grin and his arms were spread as if he were
some sort of maniac. While the malice from the exhibit was evident, Ren couldn’t help but
feel they looked a bit silly as well when taken out of context.
Ren crossed his arms as he pondered the exhibit. Lev Lainur had declared himself Flauros. In
the France singularity, there was another demon pillar that called itself Orobas. Was Lev the
mastermind behind everything so far? While he had no definitive proof one way or another,
his instincts told him he wasn’t. For someone as arrogant and bold as Lev taking a shape
similar to his peers and calling himself ‘one of’ as opposed to ‘THE demon pillar’… No. No
way would he be the one behind everything.
Still, while correlation didn’t lead to causation, the fact that there were two demon pillars and
they both named themselves after the demons from the Ars Goetia couldn’t be a coincidence.
Maybe one more just to make sure, but so far, it seemed like that was the case. That being
said, he never researched incredibly deeply into the Ars Goetia. He would have to delve into
Chaldea’s libraries and archives. They probably had something he could use.
Moving down another flight of levitating stairs with ease, he stopped by another exhibit: The
Velvet Room. Well, as much as he could fit anyway: The carpet, Igor’s desk, and chair. Still,
its simplicity more than exemplified its atmosphere of mystique, intrigue… and hidden
power. How many times had he seen Igor – or rather, Yaldabaoth – sit across from that desk
while he was in his cell, his wide eyes always staring at him without blinking? How often had
he pondered the man’s intentions while doing his best to hide his distaste at Yaldabaoth’s
barely veiled condescension? Thinking back on those times sent shudders up his spine.
The exhibit vanished and took on another form, this was far more familiar: A dark, nondescript room, with no decorations or features. Not even stains of any sort. In the middle was
a single metallic table with a chair on two of its sides, facing each other. One wall bore
window with reflective glass. A security camera perched in a high corner, its lens forever
focusing on whatever occupants there might be.
Ren could only smile bitterly. A table and a few chairs. Yet everything about it was so
different from the Velvet Room it was almost amusing.
As he stepped into the exhibit, he could feel old memories and sensations return: The sharp,
cold steel of handcuffs against his wrists. The pain from being punched and kicked around by
the investigators. His mind completely muddled by the truth serum they injected into him –
or whatever that drug was, anyway. And of course, sitting in front of Sae Nijima, trying to tell

his whole story the best he could in two hours so they could enact one of the riskiest gambits
they had taken thus far.
Staring at the chair, he wondered if things would feel different since it was in the Thieves
Den. He placed his hand on it – and stopped. Without even sitting in it, he could feel the icy
claw of terror grip his heart. Taking a deep breath, his hand fell away from the chair. He
could hear his heartbeat within his ears, as loud as a drum. After all this time, he was still
terrified of that room and everything within it. He had come so very, very close to dying then.
If even one thing had gone wrong…
Then he blinked. Suddenly, the exhibit had changed. It was now the Chaldea Command
Center right after the bombs had gone off. Corpses and body parts were strewn across the
carnage as the red glare of the alarms were barely visible among the leaping flames. At the
center of it all was Mash, bleeding from a wound on the head and trapped in rubble with her
eyes closed. The switch caught Ren off guard. He hadn’t willed the exhibit to changeHe blinked again. Now he was in the first village in France again. And this time, it wasn’t an
exhibit – he was right in the middle of the village without the Den in sight. The buildings
around him had been destroyed with dragon fire and monstrous forces. And he was
surrounded by corpses. Some burnt until only their bones remained. Others ripped to shreds
or bent in misshapen ways. They were all relatively fresh, as if the destruction had happened
only a short time ago. Then a corpse twitched and slowly began to riseAnother blink. The chill from the doppelganger’s frozen hellscape of a Palace cut into his
bones. His mind reeled as he tried to catch up with what the hell was happening. The streets
were lined with her victims, frozen on crucifixes. There was a horrible roar. As he turned, he
could see the cognitive Satan, maw slavering and bloody, crawling toward him at a
horrifyingly fast paceBlink.
Whatever was happening, he couldn’t control it. Fear was starting to rise in his mind as he
tried to make sense of his surroundings. URE soldiers, eyeless and unyielding, marching
upon him in uncountable numbers. Exhaustion clung onto his weakened limbs, slowing his
mind. He had only so much energy left. Behind them all, he could feel again the stare of the
Spartan king bearing down on him, reading his every moveBlink.
He stumbled from the disorientation. Massalia again. The city was in flames as yet another
shower of arrows dispatched even more Romans, felling them like wheat in front of a scythe.
His circuits burned as he kept healing as many soldiers as he could before casting ice spells
to douse the fires. But there were so many wounded, so many dead. The fires were spreading.
People were yelling at him for help yet no matter how fast he tried to run, no matter where he
went, heBlink.

A darkened living room. Two soldiers standing silently nearby, their eyes glowing purple as
they stared ahead without purpose. His hands soaked in blood as they covered the fallen
man’s slashed throat, trying to stem the bleeding. The healing spell had been cast. The wound
had quickly started to close… then it stopped. The man had stopped breathing, his eyes now
dull and glassy. He was gone. He could only collapse against a chair in exhaustion and raise
his blood-soaked hand. If only he had been just a split second faster, he“You’ve got a lot of interesting memories, mister.”
Ren blinked. Suddenly, he was back in the Thieves Den. He was standing inside the
interrogation room exhibit once more. Did he just space out? That did happen every so often
whenever he was here, but it was never that vividThen he felt a gentle, small hand rest on his head. It was a warm, comforting gesture - and
one he completely didn’t expect. “They looked like pretty painful memories, though. Are you
doing okay?”
That voice and touch brought him to his senses. “I’ve… been better,” Ren honestly admitted
with a rueful smile as he simply accepted the gesture. It warmed as he turned toward the
source. “Still, it’s been a while, hasn’t it, Jose?”
Jose grinned as he hopped down from the interrogation room table. His yellow eyes gleamed
with cheer as he waved, his little hand poking out of the large grey jacket he always wore. “It
has been!” he agreed happily. “But I’m happy to see you again! I was starting to get
concerned when I didn’t see any sign of memories or humanity no matter which way I
turned!”
The Phantom Thief grinned as he reached over and patted the boy’s head, messing with the
boy’s grey hair. “Same here,” he agreed. “But how’d you find me anyway? I’m pretty far
from Tokyo if you couldn’t tell.”
The boy chuckled as his hair was ruffled. “It wasn’t easy,” he replied. “One day, the roads I
was driving were lit up by memories and humanity’s cognitions like always and then poof!
They were all gone! I thought maybe I made a wrong turn or something so I kept driving,
occasionally adjusting cognitions and other things a bit to see if I could find any sign, but
nope, nothing. It was dark hallway after dark hallway until finally, I saw a bright light at the
end of one of them. I decided to go check it out and found myself here!”
He pointed to the floor above and, indeed, Ren saw the familiar sight of Jose’s car parked
near the entrance, still overflowing with stuff in the back. “Well, all I can say is, good job for
finding me,” Ren congratulated with a warm smile. “You’ve come a pretty long way.”
Jose grinned as he puffed himself up a bit. “Yeah, I did a pretty good job, didn’t I?” he
commented happily. “But anyway, mister, do you know what’s been happening? I dunno why
almost all of humanity’s cognitions or memories have disappeared. Even the area around here
barely has anything.”
Ren’s smile faded a bit. “You don’t know, huh?” he mused. “It’s going to be a very long story
so we might as well get comfortable. I know just the place at least.” He glanced down at the

LeBlanc exhibit as he spoke. “Out of curiosity,” he added. “Have you tried coffee before?”
The grey-haired boy blinked and shook his head. “No, I haven’t,” he answered earnestly.
“But it seems humanity has the widespread belief that they practically run on it, like gasoline
with cars. Is that the case? But then, why do they need to eat or drink other stuff then? Do
they just like to?”
The Phantom Thief couldn’t help but chuckle at Jose’s innocent inquiries, feeling his heart
lighten from what had happened earlier. “You’d certainly get along with a few people I
know,” he remarked with a grin as he began leading the boy toward the exhibit.
Some time later, Ren and Jose were at the LeBlanc exhibit. The former was leaning behind
the counter, steaming mug in hand as the latter sat on one of the chairs, legs swinging happily
as he sampled the new beverage. “This is a unique flavor, mister,” he commented. “Not
nearly as sweet as many of humanity’s memories – in fact, it’s pretty bitter. But there’s a lot
of other neat tastes to it underneath. I can see why everyone loves coffee so much.”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “It’s one of the reasons why it’s popular,” he replied. “Though I
think people value its property to keep them awake for long periods of time or wake them up
in the morning more.”
Jose looked up, head tilting in curiosity. “Isn’t that supposed to be unhealthy for humans?” he
asked innocently.
“A lot of things humans like aren’t healthy for them,” Ren answered with a wry smile. “But I
suppose that’s what makes them… well, human, after all.”
The grey-haired boy simply blinked several times. “Huh,” he mused. “Even after all this
time, humanity still leaves me confused.”
That got a chuckle from Ren. “You and me both,” he agreed.
After, Ren recounted his journey so far in Chaldea. From the bombing in the Command
Center, to the France singularity, summoning various Servants, and their most recent
escapades in the Roman singularity. Throughout the tale, Jose simply sat, listening quietly
and occasionally sipping his coffee. At times, he looked fit to bursting with questions, but he
reined in his curiosity and simply let Ren continue.
The story wasn’t short. Even when the Phantom Thief tried to abridge it so he wasn’t talking
forever, he still talked for a long while. He wasn’t sure how time moved either in the Velvet
Room or in the Thieves Den but as far as he was aware, no time seemed to pass no matter
how long he was here. Maybe because it all moved at the speed of thought?
When he finally finished, the boy simply looked down into his empty mug, pensive. “You’ve
made a lot of memories, huh, mister?” he mused. “Humanity is intriguing – they always think
of themselves as weak, yet time and time again I see them demonstrate feats of incredible
strength and endurance, whether its physical, mental, or emotional. In fact, I think you
exemplify that most of all out of everyone I’ve met so far. Good job!”

Ren chuckled. “It’s been a long road with a lot of bumps,” he admitted. “But I wouldn’t trade
it out for anything. How have the memories been tasting for you recently?”
Jose blinked, then looked up in contemplation. “Hm, they’ve tasted pretty sweet still,” he
recalled. “They sometimes have these… tinges to them? Sometimes sour, sometimes bitter.
Honestly, it’s almost never the same whenever I take a drink. I honestly can’t get enough of
them! I’m a bit sad that there’s so few left now, but from what you’ve told me, it really can’t
be helped.”
As he finished, he turned to look over at the exhibits and stared at them contemplatively. The
Phantom Thief followed his gaze. He had given Jose a tour of the Thieves Den before – after
all, this wasn’t his first time visiting. “Something on your mind?” he asked.
The boy tilted his head slightly. “I don’t know, mister,” he murmured. “But it feels…
different here now. More solid. I was thinking, maybe, that I could try the memories from
here.”
The suggestion caused Ren to blink in surprise. He hadn’t even considered such a concept in
the past times Jose had visited. “Huh…” he mused. “That’s possible? I thought it would
normally have to be clusters of memories. That’s what we always collected for you back in
Mementos anyway.” He still remembered gathering all sorts of memories – which appeared
as flowers – for Jose back in Tokyo. It made for a nice break in monotony after going through
the countless gloomy corridors of the collective unconsciousness.
Jose shook his head. “Even small memories can work,” he replied. “I just usually don’t
because there’s often bigger flowers for me to collect and sample. Oh, and in case you’re
wondering, mister, it doesn’t harm the individual at all. It’s more me just having a sample of
it and trying it out. Nothing gets taken or lost at all, so you don’t have to worry about that!”
Ren could only chuckle at that. “I honestly wasn’t worried, but that’s good to know,” he
reassured the boy. He knew and trusted Jose well enough that the boy would never suggest
such a thing if it would actually harm him. “Sorry for being a poor host, but I’ll have to
create a menu of what you’d like to sample. Just give me a bit to quickly write one up…
He turned around to begin and to his surprise, sitting on the shelf behind him, was a menu.
Wrapped in black leather with red highlights, the front was emblazoned with a small symbol:
A white mask – his own. Slowly opening it, he looked at the contents. The pages were
bordered with black, white, and gold vines, with each corner the vines forming once more
into the shape of his mask. No, not his mask. His Command Seals. In flourishing cursive
were brief descriptions or names of specific memories, each with a small description of the
taste underneath.
False Arrest
An electrifying jolt with a cold, bitter aftertaste. Ideal for waking up.
1st Day in Tokyo

Tinged in the many flavors of the city, with an overcast note of surprisingly refreshing
bitterness.
Sojiro
Bitter, but with an undercurrent of sweet and sour.
“Hey Jose,” Ren called out. “Was this menu behind me this entire time?”
Jose blinked in surprise and shook his head. “It appeared after you mentioned you wanted
one, mister,” he answered. “It definitely wasn’t there before.”
Ren frowned slightly in thought as he passed it over to Jose. While the boy eagerly looked
over the menu, he pondered. While the Thieves Den had always been responsive to his
wishes, he usually had to put some thought into it. Having something like that simply appear
because he wanted it wasn’t something he expected. He looked back up at the Den. As Jose
said, now that he was paying attention, it felt… more solid. More responsive. Almost like it
was a living being itself.
On a whim, he decided to try something. Raising his hand, in his mind’s eye, he imagined the
Den widening as he moved his hand. He began moving it slightly to the sideAnd the Den with a booming grind began to widen precisely as he wished.
Jose spun around at the sound to stare while Ren’s mouth almost dropped. It was just an
experiment, but he hadn’t expected it to actually happen. Taking a breath, he slowly moved
his hand again, and it continued widening as he wanted it. He then pointed at a platform an
exhibit stood on and slowly lowered his finger – and at his will, it lowered as well. The stairs
also adjusted to the new positioning as well. The Phantom Thief could only drop his hand,
nonplussed. “Huh,” was the only thing he could say.
The boy turned back to Ren, his eyes sparkling. “Wow, mister! That’s so cool!” he cried.
“Your control over your cognitions is really impressive! I’ve never seen you do that before!”
“Yeah, me neither,” Ren admitted with an astonished chuckle. “Must’ve been everything I
went through recently.” He long figured out that strengthening personas required a good
amount of work – fighting, bonds, and even things like trauma. It seemed his time in Chaldea
was only a continuation of that – well, no. At the rate it was going, it felt more like was it
being turbo charged. He definitely didn’t see this amount of progress when he was back in
Tokyo.
It reassured him – and hardened his resolve. There was much he had to do still.
“One second, mister!”
The words brought Ren out of his contemplation as Jose hopped off his seat and ran up the
stairs. He watched with curiosity as Jose raced back to his car. A second later, he heard the
sound of the boy’s car turning on, then skidding tires as he raced over the railing into a

freefall. Raising an eyebrow, Ren pointed at some stairs that were in the way and simply
directed them aside, letting him land unimpeded on the ground level.
Once that was done, Jose turned off his car and then dove into the back through his
collection. “Where was it, where was it,” the boy mused to himself as the Phantom Thief
looked over. “Ah, there it is!” He popped back out, holding a small plastic bag. Running
back, he slid it over to Ren. “Here you go!” he announced cheerfully as he opened the menu
again.
Blinking, Ren read the colorful bag. “Gummy worms?” he asked.
“Yeah!” Jose confirmed. “You looked like you were deep in thought. I hear sugar is good for
fueling one’s brain, so I thought that might help! I hope you like it!”
That caused Ren to laugh a bit. If sugar had that direct a correlation with one’s brain, then
Ann with her penchant for cakes and sweets would be a genius. “Thanks, Jose,” he said
gratefully as he reached over to pat the boy on the head. Jose simply giggled in response as
he continued reading the menu.
In the meantime, the Phantom Thief opened the bag, took a worm and popped it in his mouth.
Sour, sweet, with a bit of crystalized sugar coating his tongue. It had been a while since he
had these, hadn’t it? Come to think of it, he never had any while he was in Tokyo. That meant
he would’ve had them when he was back home. Or, well, what used to be his home. That
certainly felt like an eternity ago at this point. It had certainly felt weird to be back there. It
was his hometown but it felt completely foreign to him at the same time. His house, his room,
even his bed – in his mind he knew they were his, but he never felt anything more than a
guest at most.
His eyes roved again to look around the LeBlanc exhibit – and he smiled to himself. Well, at
least that was one mystery he didn’t have to go very far to solve.
“Ooh, can I try this one?”
Ren glanced over once more at Jose as he pointed at something on the menu. “This one,
called ‘the Awakening’,” he chirped. “It looks really interesting! Can I get this one, please?”
The Phantom Thief immediately knew which memory he was talking about: His Persona
awakening. With a grin, he nodded. “Coming right up,” he replied. Somehow, he already
knew what to do. Holding out his hand, a tiny bag of coffee beans appeared in his grip. Every
step, from grinding to preparing to brewing, all felt like he had done this countless number of
times before.
In the end, he had a shot glass filled with a dark liquid as heatless blue flames licked up the
sides. Sticking a small straw in it, he placed it in front of Jose. “One ‘Awakening’,” he
declared.
Jose’s eyes practically glittered with excitement. Eagerly, he took the straw in his mouth and
sipped – and his expression brightened even further. “Wow!” he cried. “It’s a bit bitter and
even spicy, but it’s extremely bold, with a sweetness that just hits then lingers! This is

delicious!” He focused on drinking it after, this time taking slower sips so he could savor it
further.
That about summed up how he felt about his first awakening. It wasn’t a memory that would
leave him anytime soon. “Glad you like it,” he replied with a smile as he popped another
gummy worm into his mouth. For a while, they stayed there in silence, simply enjoying their
own individual treats and each other’s company.
Jose finished the last bit with a satisfied sigh. “That was really good!” he said with a bright
grin. “Your memories taste so much different from everyone else’s! But then, that’s probably
to be expected since you have such unique ones. Thank you so much!”
Ren smiled kindly as he took the shot glass back, which vanished in his hand. “Good to know
they’re that unique,” he responded in kind. He wasn’t too surprised – his life experiences so
far had been far removed from most people. Being falsely arrested, exiled, becoming a
persona user and a Phantom Thief, the things he had seen, the people he met… and that
wasn’t even getting into everything in Chaldea. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say he went
through experiences that most people would never have in five lifetimes.
Meanwhile, Jose hopped off the chair once more and ran back to his car, once more diving
into his collection. The Phantom Thief watched in curiosity as he popped another gummy
worm in his mouth, wondering what he was grabbing this time. The boy eventually found
what he was looking for, running back to Ren. “Here you go!” he said, placing a tiny gourd
on the counter – one he recognized very well: A soma.
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise. “You know you don’t have to pay me, right?” he
asked with a grin, nevertheless picking it up and bouncing it casually in his hand.
Jose shook his head. “Nope!” he refused. “A fair trade for both of us is how it should be
done. These memories are valuable, so I’m gonna pay properly for them!”
Ren could only chuckle and shake his head, knowing a fruitless argument when he saw one.
“I’ll open up a tab for you, then,” he accepted. He eyed the soma with mild curiosity. “We’re
not fighting in the Metaverse though, so I’m not sure how much effect this will have on me
and Servants,” he mused. “And honestly, I’m not even sure I can bring it with me – it’s not
like I can take stuff out of the Den.” At the very least, he certainly hadn’t tried before.
However, with the amount of changes the Den had undergone, even he was left a bit clueless.
He would have to ask Igor, but in the meantime, perhaps…
“Hey Lavenza,” he called out seemingly to thin air. “Mind if I chat with you for a sec?”
The boy blinked in surprise at Ren’s sudden question. Before he ask about it, however, a
presence had made itself known: A glowing cell door made of blue light appeared nearby. It
swung open, and Lavenza stepped out. “Good evening, my Trickster,” she greeted with a
gentle smile. “I believe you have summoned me.” Turning to Jose, she curtsied. “Good day,
Jose. I trust you have been keeping well?”
Jose blinked and jumped off the chair before bowing back to her in turn. “As well as I could,
Lavenza,” he replied earnestly. “I’ve been keeping up with my studies as best I can, though

I’ll be staying here for the time being. I hope that’s not a problem?”
Lavenza’s smile widened as she shook her head. “My master was quite happy you had found
yourself here, in fact,” she replied. “We hope you will be able to continue assisting the
Trickster while continuing your studies.”
The boy grinned happily. “That’s the plan,” he remarked cheerfully.
“You two know each other?” Ren asked. He wasn’t too surprised – after all, they both had
grey hair and yellow eyes, as well as a certain ethereal air about them. However, Jose never
mentioned the Velvet Room, nor did either Igor or Lavenza in turn ask about the boy. In turn,
he never asked – he figured either they didn’t think it was necessary he knew of their relation
or there was some other factor at play. It didn’t really matter - neither had given him reason to
distrust them either way.
The girl smiled enigmatically. “In a sense,” she answered. Ren nodded in turn. That was
probably all he was getting out of her in terms of an explanation. “But I believe you had a
matter you wished to discuss?”
Ren nodded quietly. “Before we start, though,” he said. “Do you want some coffee? I can
make you a cup while you’re here.”
Lavenza blinked in surprise, then her face softened into a grateful smile. “That would be
ideal, my Trickster. I thank you.”
The Phantom Thief nodded in response and glanced over to Jose. “You want more as well?”
The boy grinned broadly. “Please and thank you, mister!” he chirped.
As Ren began making their coffee, Lavenza noticed the small, partially eaten bag of gummy
worms. “What is this?” she asked.
The Phantom Thief looked over. “Oh, those are some gummy worms that Jose gave me,” he
replied. “Feel free to grab some if you want – they’re pretty good.”
Lavenza smiled. “Then I shall partake,” she said. “Thank you, my Trickster.” Carefully
reaching into the bag, she eyed the candy with no small amount of curiosity. “Fascinating,”
she mused. “Modern humans are not starved for variety on foodstuffs, many of them
considerably more appealing, but they choose to model them off worms instead. Do either of
you know perhaps why that is?”
“Childhood appeal, I guess?” Ren suggested as he began brewing. “A lot of kids – boys in
particular – think that insects are either cool or gross, and eating them either to impress or
freak out the other kids. I’m guessing whoever made those candies wanted to try capitalizing
on that urge. Considering how popular they are nowadays, it seems to have worked.”
Jose blinked in surprise as Lavenza popped the worm into her mouth – and her eyes sparkled
at the sweetness of the candy. “Kids eat insects as a form of… social communication?” he
questioned. “That’s… hm. That’s certainly an aspect I haven’t heard of before. I had thought

children were perhaps easier to understand because of their comparatively fewer experiences,
but it seems not. Out of curiosity, mister, have you ever eaten bugs before?”
Lavenza immediately looked over to Ren with interest as the Phantom Thief chuckled. “I
don’t think I remember that far back, unfortunately,” he answered easily with a grin. “But
who knows – I might’ve been a pretty weird kid back then.” Then again, he had tried stranger
things before, like that elephant dung coffee he once had with Haru. As much as he liked
coffee, even that was a bit much for him.
He once joked about Kopi Luwak coffee with Morgana. That was the first time the catlike
being threatened to claw his face. Ren never made the joke again – though the memory still
made him laugh.
A few minutes later, both of the children (or child-looking anyway) had steaming mugs in
their hands, carefully and happily sipping at their beverages. “So Lavenza,” Ren began,
catching the Attendant’s attention as he held up a soma. “The Thieves Den has changed
recently. It feels more… solid. Do you think I can use this outside of the Metaverse?”
Lavenza blinked at the question. “I believe this question is better suited for Jose than I,” she
replied.
As the boy glanced over in question, the Attendant handed it over to him. Jose stared hard at
it, focusing. The tiny gourd glowed with a pale blue light for a moment, then faded away.
“Okay, that should to it,” he said cheerfully, handing it back to Ren. “You should be able to
use it in reality now!”
Ren grinned in response. “Thanks, Jose,” he said. “This will be incredibly useful.” He turned
the soma in his hand, pondering it. “Out of curiosity, Jose, what’d you do to it?” he asked.
Jose nodded. “As you’re aware, items taken from reality into the Metaverse take on different
effects due to cognition,” Jose replied. “Like for example, when someone drinks water, it
feels cool and refreshing, right? That cognition is applied to the water and given special
properties in turn. Same with medicines or band-aids – cognition gives them a ‘healing’ trait
so-“
“They heal,” Ren finished for him. “Though in reality they’re not nearly as effective. I’m
guessing you’re basically reversing the process, then?”
The grey-haired boy grinned. “Just about,” he confirmed. “I basically overwrite the law of
‘reality’ on an object and grant the law of ‘cognition’ instead! The larger or more
complicated something is, the harder it is to do. But thankfully, mister, the items you
typically want aren’t too difficult for me, so I can easily apply it. Hope that helps!”
The Phantom Thief nodded with a smile. “It certainly does, Jose,” he replied. “Thank you so
much.” With that, he turned the tiny gourd of soma in his hand. “So how do I take it out,
then?” he asked, looking between the two child-like beings. “Do I just wake up with it?”
The Attendant nodded. “I believe your cognitions have grown strong enough that you shall
be able to manifest it in reality,” she replied. “Simply hold it in your thoughts and you shall

awaken with it in your grasp.”
The Phantom Thief nodded slowly as he looked over the soma once more. Something this
small he should be able to bring out into reality, but now he had to wonder what else he could
bring out. Something as large as one of the exhibits was a bit daunting for him, so maybe not
yet. But as he stared at the soma, he could only ponder further.
“What are you thinking about, mister?” Jose asked out of curiosity.
Ren blinked. “Oh, um…” He held up the soma. “I honestly never thought I could manifest
stuff from the Den – or the Thieves Den – into reality,” he admitted. “I guess for a long
while, I kept the Metaverse and reality as kind of two separate things. Admittedly that’s been
getting a bit… mixed ever since I started using my personas as magecraft, but for the most
part it’s still separate. But now I can take things out of the Thieves Den – and use them with
full effectiveness too. It’s… hm, a change.”
Lavenza smiled. “You are close to a threshold that few persona users have ever reached,” she
murmured. “The realm of cognition and reality are separated by boundaries that personas
users can breach. Most simply bring objects from reality – which are fully realized – through
that boundary, and cognition strengthens them. However, as you have grown stronger, as you
have grown more, you can more easily traverse this boundary. Eventually, those borders will
be meaningless to you.”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise. “So, wait,” he said slowly. “Are you saying that, for
example, I will be able to summon my Phantom Thief outfit and my personas in reality
now?”
The Attendant’s smile widened. “This potential can come in many forms,” she answered
simply. “But there is no doubt your experiences in Chaldea will most likely prove incredibly
fruitful. Know that I believe you are capable of much and more, my Trickster.”
“And I’ll be here to help you too, mister!” Jose chirped. “Just let me know what you need in
exchange for your memories, and I’ll do the best I can!”
Ren could only smile gratefully at them both. Enigmatic answers are what he expected, but it
was encouraging nevertheless. “You guys are absolutely amazing,” he said warmly, reaching
over to pat both of their heads. “Thank you so much. Both of you. I’ll be counting on you
guys.”
Both Jose and Lavenza giggled and smiled up at him. A new threshold, huh?
Sounds like he had even more to do now.
Ren slowly woke up to the darkness of his room. He could feel the ever-familiar warm
weight of Morgana on him as the catlike being slept in his cat form. He had once lightly
broached the subject of him having his own room – after all, there were plenty of spares in
Chaldea – but he wouldn’t hear any of it. ‘You’re kidding, right?’ he had spouted indignantly.
‘Where you go, Joker, I go. You’re not getting rid of me that easily!’ And that had been that.

Truth be told, he had been glad Morgana refused to. He certainly felt less comfortable
without his constant presence watching his back.
He slowly clenched his hands – and felt something hard and round in one of them. Shifting
the object from his palm to the tips of his fingers, he felt it out, then slowly brought out his
hand to view it under the dim light of the panel. No doubt about it: It was the soma he had
received from Jose in the Den. As he turned it over in his hand, he had to wonder about the
possibilities of the Thieves Den now. Aside from Jose and his ability to make things effective
in the real world, what else could it now do? He had only just scratched the surface of it –
could he now use it for something a lot more? He would have to experiment with it.
A smile creased his face as he immediately began brainstorming ideas. Despite the
seriousness of the situation, he couldn’t help but feel elated at the prospect. He felt like a kid
who was gifted the biggest playset ever. He couldn’t wait to see what more he could do with
it.
“What’d you got there, Ren?”
The Phantom Thief blinked at Morgana’s sleepy voice, seeing the silhouette of his head pop
up. “I got a soma we could use on the field,” he whispered back. “Go back to bed.”
Morgana blinked then yawned. “A s-s-soma?” he murmured. “Alright. Let me know when
you get some fatty tuna or something…” He put his head back down and his eyes closed –
then he immediately shot up, all thoughts of sleep forgotten. “Wait, you said you got a
soma?” he exclaimed. “That you can use in real life?! Wha- how?!” Ren gave a quiet
chuckle. Looks like he had one heck of a story to tell Morgana now.
The day was only just getting started.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! We have
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 98: New Allies, New Knowledge
Chapter Summary

More Servants are summoned - all with their own expertise... and interests.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The summoning room was abuzz with activity. Roman and Da Vinci were once more at the
console, monitoring readings and making sure everything was optimal as Mash laid her
shield down on the platform. Ren, Morgana, and Ritsuka stood in their places as the staff
around them made sure all systems were green before beginning the process. Nearby, Cu
Chulainn yawned as he leaned against a nearby wall while Jeanne stood nearby, curious but
impassive. The two had been assigned to guard duty in case the Servants summoned proved
to be troublesome – no one wanted a repeat of Loki.
“Readings are within acceptable parameters,” Da Vinci murmured as she scanned the
monitor. “Power is at full capacity. Uplink has been established.” The Caster looked up and
beamed at the three Masters. “All systems are green!” she announced. “You may begin the
summoning whenever!”
Ren grinned back. “Thanks, Da Vinci!” he called back before turning to the others.
“Morgana, wanna go first?”
The catlike being chuckled. “Don’t mind if I do,” he accepted easily. He had been in a great
mood ever since he learned that Ren could bring Metaverse items out of the Thieves Den.
Familiar tools like that would definitely help turn the tide of battle for them – and considering
what they had been through recently, they’ll need every advantage they could get. While they
had discussed how to explain it to Roman and Da Vinci, they had been called over to the
summoning room, so it would have to be at a later date.
But for now, he was riding high on that feeling. Ren had always proved himself more than
capable, and time and time again he exceeded his already high expectations. He couldn’t be
any prouder of his best friend. Lifting his paw, his command seals glowed as he once more
recited the aria. Buffeted by the winds of the summoning, it all still felt awe-inspiring despite
seeing it all before. Three rings of light appeared in the air above Mash’s shield, glowing
painfully brightly before they all converged, creating a fountain of white light.
As the fountain of light vanished, leaving behind a white mist, a new figure emerged. Draped
in a black cloak with a purple dress underneath, her eyes were hidden as she quietly scanned
the audience nearby. Finally, her gaze rested on the diminutive figure of Morgana. She
stopped for a second. This was certainly out of the ordinary, though at least it wasn’t anything

that she immediately disliked. She simply bowed her head in greeting. “I ask of you,” she
murmured. “Are you my Master?”
Morgana nodded in response. “That I am,” he replied. “It’s good to meet you! May I ask who
you are?”
The woman smiled slightly. At least her Master was somewhat courteous. “But of course,”
she replied. “I am Servant Caster. My true name is Medea of Colchis. My powers and
knowledge are at your disposal.”
Immediately, everyone burst out into whispers and murmurs. The Caster had to restrain
herself from scoffing, keeping her expression as neutral as possible. This was within her
expectations. After all, her legend was rather infamous as the one who used her powers to kill
her family and bring ruin to countless kings. Her father, her brother, Jason, her sons… no
matter her loyalty to them, none of them had been spared. Her moniker, the Witch of
Betrayal, was for good reason, after all.
She quietly turned her gaze back to her Master. Morgana was blinking in surprise, then
nodded. “Alright then,” he accepted without seemingly any demur. “Welcome to Chaldea,
Medea! I’m actually one of three Masters – Morgana. Your other two Masters are Ritsuka
Fujimaru and Ren Amamiya. They’re right over there. I hope we can get along!”
Three Masters? Well, this is getting more intriguing. She looked back up at the other two
Masters. One of them was a redheaded girl who was staring at her with what almost appeared
to be stars in her eyes. Was that… abject awe? She had to admit that wasn’t a reaction she
had been expecting overall but still, it was something she could work with. The girl didn’t
seem to have any ill intent as far as she could discern. If anything, she was reminded of her
days in her childhood, back before…
The Caster pushed the thoughts out of her mind. Those weren’t relevant right now.
Then there was the other Master – a young man with messy black hair. He was smiling in
greeting but unlike the others, what caught her attention immediately were his eyes. His gaze
felt… penetrating, like he was scanning everything that composed her. No, that wasn’t the
right term for it. It was looser yet more thorough than that. It was like he was deciphering
how she worked, how she became the person she was today. A scrutinizing stare that was
objective, measuring out the great, the grievous, and everything beyond.
She immediately decided that she had no particular liking for the boy. Men like that who
believe they are too clever by half… she had seen their like time and time again. Too much
ambition, always staring at the horizon, yet will immediately burn a forest if it means
clearing a path. She would fulfill her obligations, but already her mind began working on
contingencies just in case. But for now, it would be better to simply observe and work from
there.
“There are more summonings we have to do,” Morgana piped up. “So can we ask you to step
to the side for a bit? We’ll be happy to give you a grand tour of Chaldea later!”

Medea nodded. “Of course, Master,” she replied smoothly, easily stepping off the summoning
pedestal and moving to the opposite side of the room – and came face to face with Cu
Chulainn as she reached it. Well, another surprise today. “Lancer,” she greeted coolly.
“Caster,” he replied in turn. His body language hadn’t changed, nor did he look directly at
her, yet she could tell he was on high alert. “If you’re scheming anything, don’t. The Masters
are good kids – they’ll treat you right.”
Cu Chulainn had spoken loud enough to garner the Masters’ attention. Ritsuka looked
slightly alarmed, her eyes darting between the Irish Lancer and the Greek Caster as a million
thoughts ran through her mind. Mash, who had been standing nearby, edged closer to them as
she kept a stern gaze on Medea. Morgana scowled and bristled at the Caster, now far more
wary of her than before. Ren, however, barely reacted. He simply raised an eyebrow but
otherwise didn’t appear overly concerned.
“So you say,” Medea said calmly, ignoring the reactions of everyone around her. “I thank you
for the warning, but I shall judge for myself if it’s all the same to you.” With that, she brushed
past him – and blinked as Jeanne d’Arc smiled at her from her position. Medea simply
nodded back, slightly taken aback by the presence of the Maid of Orleans, before finally
finding a place where she could wait. It seems that this summoning was going to be a very
different affair compared to the usual Grail Wars.
The Masters all looked at each other in a bit of concern, but now wasn’t the time to deal with
it. Ritsuka stepped up next, the command seals on her right hand gleaming as she chanted the
summoning area. Once more, three rings of light appeared and converged, forming another
geyser of power as another Servant was brought into being.
The light vanished, shrouding the room in a white mist again as another figure stood. A
beautiful young woman that radiated warmth, dressed in white yet with the top cut open to
show off her generous cleavage. Her red hair was done up in a bun as her clear blue eyes
sparkled. She smiled happily as she looked at everyone around her. “I am Boudica, a Rider
class Servant,” she announced. “I’m here once more to lend my sword to your cause.”
“BOUDICA!”
That was the only warning the Rider had before Ritsuka had launched herself at her, hugging
her tightly. “Oh my gods, it is so good to see you again!” she cried. “I wasn’t sure what
happened after that fight and-and…!”
Boudica blinked in surprise, then smiled gently as she wrapped her arms around the Master.
“It’s alright, Ritsuka,” she murmured as she gently patted her back. “You did exceptional
then, and before that too. I’m more than happy to be your Servant for as long as you’ll have
me.” Ritsuka didn’t even give a proper response, instead just holding on to her tighter.
“While I do not wish to interrupt,” Da Vinci spoke up. “But we do have one more
summoning to accomplish. If you could please…?”
The Rider nodded. She gently led Ritsuka down from the platform and happily smiled as
Mash approached. “It’s good to see you too, Mash,” she greeted as she comforted the quietly

crying Ritsuka. “I trust you’ve been well?”
“Yes, thank you, miss Boudica,” she replied before turning a concerned glance to Ritsuka. “I
apologize, Ritsuka-senpai has had… a trying time ever since she has returned to Chaldea.”
Boudica smiled sadly. “I understand,” she murmured. “But we can talk about this later.”
Mash nodded in agreement as Ren looked over at them. He had been worried about Ritsuka,
but it seems like there wasn’t much he needed to do here at the moment. What happened at
that battle was still pretty raw for her, no doubt, but with Boudica here, it’s a step towards
healing. Maybe he should talk with her himself after this. There was still a lot he had to do,
but not to the point of neglecting everyone else around him.
But in the meantime, he couldn’t hold everyone else up. Raising his own hand, his command
seals shone brightly as he recited the aria himself. Three rings, converge, and once more yet
another fountain of light. It always amazed him that there were so many people who would
readily answer the call to save humanity – but then, these are hardly ordinary people. They
were beings with varied tales and powers, experiences and skills. People he could learn from,
understand, and grow in turn. Servants seemed to encompass the greatest and the worst parts
of humanity for good and ill.
Lavenza was right. No wonder why his skills were becoming stronger as such a fast rate.
As the mist lifted, the third Servant stood up. A man with waist length raven black hair, he
was sharply dressed in a black suit with a red tie. Though he had the countenance of a young
adult, there were lines and wrinkles of stress that made him look far older. His green eyes
observed his surroundings impassively through his thick framed glasses, taking in every
detail possible. “So this is the summoning technology of Chaldea,” he mused. “Unorthodox,
admittedly, but certainly more than workable.”
For a moment, Ren’s words failed him. Out of everyone he thought he would summon – like
Nero, for instance – he didn’t expect to summon the man in front of him. They had only met
once face to face, after all – and then Loki happened. Plastering on his usual smile while
doing his best to withhold his surprise, he looked over at the new Servant. “Well, didn’t
expect you to show up,” he remarked. “Gotta say, this is a surprise.”
“I had not expected it either and yet here I am to answer your summons,” the man in turn
answered, seemingly unperturbed. Taking out a cigarette holder from his coat pocket, he took
one out and popped it in his mouth before lighting it. Roman was about to yell about no
smoking within the summoning room when he caught sight of the smoke from the cigarette
simply vanishing a certain distance away from the man and the stick. A filtering air mystery,
perhaps?
“Forgive me, I appear to have forgotten my manners in the heat of the moment,” the man
continued. Taking the cigarette out of his mouth, he bowed. “I am the Caster Servant Zhuge
Liang – or rather, his heroic spirit has taken up residence inside my body,” he announced.
“Please address me by my actual name: El-Melloi II. I look forward to working with you all.”
The announcement caught him off guard. Ren had recalled the name through his world
history classes back in school. Zhuge Liang was known as a legendary general and tactician

during the Three Kingdoms era in China. The man’s tactical acumen and military skills had
few peers, if any. He felt a shiver down his back – if it was Zhuge Liang who had been
coordinating the siege on Massalia, then the chances of them losing would have been
considerably higher.
That just made things more complicated. Nobody disagreed that Loki made the right call, but
everything afterward was another matter entirely.
Meanwhile, the staff around them burst into surprised and worried murmurs. Ren listened
carefully as Jing Ke had taught him to. He quickly caught the gist: El-Melloi II was a Lord at
the Clock Tower. Exactly what would be his place in the hierarchy here? Would he step up as
the new director of Chaldea in absence of anyone higher ranking or more qualified? And
there were no small number of concerns that he would visit retribution on all of them for
what happened during the Roman singularity. Ren could only flinch inwardly at that last one.
While he had never undergone a mental shutdown himself, just witnessing what had
happened to Haru’s father informed him that it wasn’t a pleasant fate. Considering how unjust
it was, such a concern would be well-founded.
El-Melloi looked around at all the staff whispering to themselves and gave an exasperated
sigh. “I will make matters clear right now,” he declared, his voice immediately garnering
everyone’s attention. “While I am a Lord of the Clock Tower, that rank is irrelevant to the
current circumstances. I am no more than a Servant here and ask to be treated as such. At
most, I can act as a consultant on matters about magecraft or strategy but otherwise, I have no
interest in taking any greater positions.”
“And as for past affairs…” He scanned the room and noticed everyone waiting with bated
breath. The Servants present had shifted ever so slightly and he knew they would be on him
in a flash if he showed even a hint of hostility. He couldn’t help but give a small smile of
bitterness. How nostalgic. “You did what you must in order to achieve victory,” he stated.
“No more, no less. I will not fault you for that, nor will I hold a grudge for it. We are now
working under the same cause and expect all of us to act accordingly. I hope that alleviates
any pressing concerns on hand.”
There was a collective sigh of relief from the staff as well as a few surprised murmurings.
Ren on the other hand had been carefully observing the Caster beforehand. He was slightly
leery given his position in the Clock Tower, if he remembered what Roman had told him
before correctly, but the man himself proved to be different than he expected. Though he
recognized his rank, he was surprisingly humble and pragmatic. If anything, he seemed more
annoyed at the attention he was garnering.
“Glad we got that cleared up, at least,” Ren remarked, smiling at El-Melloi before raising his
hand. “Good to have you with us.”
El-Melloi blinked in surprise, then gave a small smile in return before clasping Ren’s hand in
a handshake. “Good to be here,” he responded in kind.
“And here we have the library,” Ritsuka announced as they entered the room. “It was
thankfully spared from the bombing so we managed to keep a good amount of books. We’re

still salvaging the catalog at the moment though, so we’re left to find things the old fashioned
way.”
After the summoning, the Masters were showing the new arrivals around Chaldea. The staff
had been dismissed back to their duties and the Servants on guard duty had wandered off now
that they were no longer required. Roman and Da Vinci had also gone back to their own
tasks, leaving the three Master and the three Servants, as well as Mash. “This seems like a
nice, cozy area,” Boudica noted, glancing at the comfy looking couches nearby.
“It is,” Ritsuka replied cheerfully. Her mood had considerably after the summoning, helped
by the Rider’s presence and comfort. “It’s so nice here that I almost took a nap here once or
twice. There’s something nice about sleeping on the couches here, y’know? Right, Mash?”
Mash blinked in surprise before looking away ruefully. “Y-yes, it is as Ritsu-senpai says,” she
admitted. “I have fallen asleep here once or twice during reading or researching here. It’s
surprisingly peaceful.”
Boudica giggled at the image. “I’ll be sure to keep that in mind,” she replied with good
humor. “I certainly wouldn’t want to disturb at peace enough to nap in the open.” A place
where one felt safe enough to just fall asleep without issue… an environment like that was
rare indeed. She certainly wasn’t about to interfere with that.
El-Melloi and Medea in turn looked about with polite curiosity but otherwise didn’t show any
particular interest toward the library. Ren did notice, however, that the former’s cigarette
currently seemed to burn a lot dimmer right now than when they were out in the hallway. He
had never been a fan of smoking – Sojiro always smelled of smoke if he didn’t smell of
coffee – but he appreciated the consideration the man was taking at least.
“And the next stop would be the cafeteria!” Ritsuka announced. They stepped out of the
library and only walked a few feet down before they encountered another figure walking
toward them: Artoria.
The Saber smiled – though it faded a bit as she approached them. “Good day to all of you,”
she greeted. “I believe these are the new Servants?”
Morgana nodded. “That’s right!” he confirmed. “This is El-Melloi – or rather, Zhuge Liang,
as Caster, Boudica as Rider, and Medea, also as Caster! Everyone, this is Artoria Pendragon,
also known as-”
“King Arthur,” El-Melloi finished for him, his eyes staring straight at her without blinking.
“It is good to meet the honored king face to face.”
Artoria turned to El-Melloi, her eyes narrowing as she dug through her memories – and came
up blank. “You speak as if you have some familiarity with me,” she mused. “Have we met
before?”
El-Melloi hesitated, then shook his head. “I’m merely familiar with your legend and your
prowess,” he simply replied. “It’s… reassuring to know you are fighting with us. I’ll be
counting on your strength, your majesty.”

The king stared at the Lord pensively, then nodded in turn. “And I’ll be counting on your
expertise as well, El-Melloi,” she replied in kind. “A strategist on the level of Zhuge Liang
combined with your knowledge will be invaluable.” El-Melloi simply bowed his head at the
Saber’s compliments, but otherwise said nothing else.
Artoria then turned to Boudica. “I did not expect to meet one of my countrymen so soon,”
she remarked. “I thank you for your valor, and for your support of my Masters. I’m most
honored to work with you, queen of the Iceni.”
Boudica chuckled. “The honor is all mine, King of Knights,” she replied in turn. “Ritsuka
and Mash have great potential, and to be able to fight alongside them is quite a privilege. I’ll
strive to keep up with you on the battlefield in turn.”
Artoria smiled warmly. “I’ve no doubt you will do so with ease,” she reassured her. “I am
glad to have such a stalwart ally with us.” Boudica returned her smile. To be able to fight
alongside such a legendary and noble ally was more than reassuring for her. It would mean
she would have to fight even harder in turn and match her peer, but she had no problem with
that whatsoever. She would have to train and polish her skills soon.
Finally, the king turned to the last Servant. “Caster,” she greeted, her tone decidedly frostier
than before.
“Saber,” Caster returned. “It seems we have been gathered on the same side this time.”
“So it seems,” Artoria replied. “I trust you will lend your considerable expertise and
knowledge to our cause without reserve?”
Medea gave a humorless smile. “I have already pledged my power and skills to our Masters
as best I can,” she answered. “Of that, you can be reassured.” The Saber nodded with a face
of stone. She was more than aware of Medea’s capabilities in both magecraft and planning.
She would be an incredibly powerful asset and ally in their mission – her own personal
opinions and experiences notwithstanding.
“Good to hear,” she responded simply. “In that case, I shall not take up any more of your
time. Good day to all of you.” With that, she marched off down the hall, with all of them
staring at her as they left. The Masters and Mash could only all look at each other in question
and concern. It was clear that Medea and Artoria had some history with each other, and it was
definitely none-too-friendly.
“Uh…” Ritsuka stammered as she tried to break the awkward silence. “So… yeah, that’s
Artoria. Let’s continue on our tour, yeah? Where was I? Right, the cafeteria! Right this way!”
“You guys go on ahead,” Ren spoke up, catching everyone’s attention. “I need to talk to ElMelloi about something.”
“You do?” Ritsuka asked, blinking owlishly as the Caster in turn raised an eyebrow.
“I do,” the Phantom Thief confirmed. “We’ll catch up in a bit. I just gotta check with him
about something.”

Morgana frowned a bit, then nodded. “Alright then,” he accepted. “In that case we’ll see you
in a bit. Ritsuka, lead the way.”
The redhead could only blink in surprise, then with no other recourse began walking off with
the others. Meanwhile, Ren tapped a panel to open the door of a nearby, empty conference
room and stepped in, with El-Melloi following close behind. “What did you need to speak
with me about?” the Caster inquired with a mild frown of concern.
“Well first off,” Ren said as he walked over to a water cooler in the corner. “You should sit
down and focus on something else for a little bit – like your smoking. Normally not a fan, but
it’d probably help right now.”
El-Melloi blinked in surprise. “And why do you think I need that?” he inquired coolly.
Ren looked up at him, then nodded toward his hands. “You’re shaking,” he stated.
The Caster blinked in surprise and checked. Indeed, his hands were trembling. He thought he
had done a good job disguising it, but evidently not. “You are… perceptive,” was the only
comment he could make as he slowly pulled out a chair and collapsed in it. He could feel his
heart hammering in his chest as he struggled to withstand his panic from overwhelming him.
While he expected many things, he didn’t think he would encounter her again, and in such
close proximity. He thought his time with Grey, who bore her appearance, would adjust him
to her appearance, but evidently that was far from the case,
“I get that a lot,” the Phantom Thief simply answered. As he spoke, he filled up two paper
cups with cold water. Walking back, he gently placed one down near El-Melloi before sitting
down a chair away from the Caster, quietly sipping at his own. The Caster looked at the cup,
took out his cigarette and breathed out a shaky line of smoke, and took a drink himself. The
cool liquid rushed down his mouth and throat, giving him another thing to focus on as he
mastered his mind and emotions.
They sat in silence, not speaking a word to one another as El-Melloi quietly puffed at his
cigarette and took occasional sips of his water. Eventually, his heartbeat and breathing
steadied, and his mind became clear once more. This was embarrassing – he was supposed to
be a Lord of the Clock Tower, yet here he was acting like he was a child once again. Yet he
was grateful at the same time for being given a space to quietly ride out his panic attack.
He looked over at Ren, who had long since drained his water and was staring up at the
ceiling. At first glance, the young man seemed bored but that wasn’t correct – he was more
impassive. As if he knew that doing or saying right now would be unproductive to the
situation and was simply choosing a better moment to act as necessary.
El-Melloi frowned slightly to himself. This wasn’t an attitude of a simple young man, nor
was it the attitude of most Masters towards their Servants. It seemed this Master in turn was a
rather peculiar individual – and he taught classes filled with peculiar individuals.
“Better?” Ren asked without looking over.

The Lord blinked, then nodded. “Much,” he replied. He took his cigarette out of his mouth –
now reduced to the butt – and it vanished with a flash of flame. “I apologize for the unsightly
behavior. Rest assured it won’t be a complication in the future.”
The Phantom Thief shrugged as he got up, stretching. “It happens,” he accepted casually.
“Now, we should probably catch up with the others. With any luck, they’re still at the
cafeteria.”
El-Melloi nodded and started standing up. His Master was certainly unique – he was
experienced in dealing with people and handling their psychology, no doubt about it. And it
wasn’t out of politics or manipulation like he had seen so often in the Clock Tower. No, it
seemed to be simpler than that. Was it just kindness? Empathy? Experience? At the least, he
was certainly unlike a typical magus despite his rather unique magecraft.
He stopped. Ren’s magecraft. He had not seen too many examples himself, yet he had read
the reports from the moles among the Roman army. They painted a part of a picture, but not
nearly all of it. Perhaps he could…
“Wait,” El-Melloi said, freezing Ren in place. He looked up at the young man with a
discerning gaze. “While we have some time here, I might as well make things a bit more
productive to repay your consideration. Your magecraft, Master – what can you tell me about
it?”
Ren blinked in surprise. Right, now that he thought about it, he had taken great pains not to
have him see his magecraft back in Massalia since the Caster could probably dissect and
counter it. Same deal here but now it’s something he could use to his advantage. It was a
rather ironically handy coincidence. Now he was genuinely curious as to what El-Melloi’s
opinion would be of it. But first things first…
“How much do you know about Personas?” he asked.
Several minutes later, Ren and El-Melloi were walking down the halls of Chaldea towards
the simulator, both occupied with their own thoughts. The latter had taken out a fresh
cigarette and was furiously puffing on it as he walked, his eyes trained to the ground as he
frowned deeply in contemplation. Ren on the other hand looked rather relaxed. Though also
contemplative, he seemed more like was wondering what to make for dinner instead of what
personas and abilities to show for the Caster. Their conversation had gone to the point where
they agreed a demonstration of Ren’s skills would be more fruitful than simply talking about
it, so it was off to the simulator.
El-Melloi’s mind was racing furiously, trying to put together as much of the evidence as he
could. Ren had told him that his powers – not his magecraft – were called personas:
reflections of the heart that took on the shape of beings from folklore, myth, and even
religion. That being said, Ren made it clear that these were simply cognitive ‘images’ of the
beings, not the actual beings themselves. Utilizing these personas, he could cast seemingly
simplistic yet powerful magical abilities.

On the surface, it sounded like either the usage of familiars or projection, but that couldn’t be
the case – Ren had told him that prior to Chaldea, he hadn’t used them under the purview of
magecraft. In fact, he could only really use them in some separate yet connected ‘world’
known as the Metaverse. Was this some other texture of the World that Ren was utilizing to
his advantage? It all sounded utterly absurd but regardless, he decided to take his Master’s
words at face value for now – Ren seemed like an earnest kid, from what he could tell, and
there was no reason to lie at this juncture.
So far, he had been refraining from calling Ren’s personas and abilities ‘magecraft’ or even
‘mysteries’. They were far enough removed from the standard that labeling them prematurely
may hinder comprehension. Right now, he was missing far too many pieces of the puzzle.
The Caster’s eyes flicked over at Ren and frowned a bit more deeply. That begged the
question: Why could he use these personas as magecraft now? Ren had told him it was to be
able to use them in the real world, but otherwise said nothing else. He wasn’t surprised his
Master would keep that secret – most magi would sooner die a thousand deaths than reveal
the properties of their magecraft – but something told him it was a different reason. One he
wouldn’t expect.
He blew out a tired sigh, watching the smoke leave his lips and vanish into nothingness half a
meter away. He had seen much already in his lifetime, yes, but it seemed the world had a
thousand more surprises yet to throw at him.
As they reached the simulator, the door hissed open – and they were greeted with the sound
of heavy impacts. The wo of them glanced at each other, then walked in as they looked for
the source. They soon found it: Martha currently on a training dummy, unleashing a furious
barrage of punches. Each strike left behind a shockwave of impact, so resounding that Ren
had to marvel that the dummy hadn’t snapped into pieces with each blow. Her back was
turned to them so she hadn’t noticed their approach as she paused, took a deep breath and
coiled her body once more, then unleashed another vicious salvo of blows.
The other thing that caught their attention was a gigantic creature that lay nearby: What
appeared to be a huge turtle with a spiked shell, but with a snake for a tail and a black lion’s
head and limbs. It was curled up on the ground, seemingly dozing as Martha continued to
train nearby. Ren immediately recognized the creature: The Tarrasque – the dragon that
Martha had subdued in her life and they had fought against once. If he remembered correctly,
legend stated that she subdued him through prayer. However, seeing her pugilist skills, he
guessed that ‘prayer’ was more of a metaphor than anything.
Beside him, El-Melloi simply stared at both figures, unable to react. After a moment, he took
a very long drag of his cigarette and blew out yet another stream of smoke in an incredibly
exhausted sigh. “I did not expect so many surprises on my first day here,” he grumbled. “But
it seems I will need to reevaluate my circumstances.”
“You get used to it,” Ren reassured him with a wry smile before turning back. “Hey Martha!”
he called out. “Hope we’re not interrupting!”
Martha jumped in surprise about three feet into the air and spun around to meet them as
Tarrasque lazily opened one eye. “Master,” she called out, smiling politely. “I hadn’t

expected to see you here today. What brings you here?”
The Phantom Thief could practically see the mask sliding over Martha’s face. She was trying
to remain courteous – understandable given she probably still wasn’t sure what to make of
him. “I thought I’d give our new Caster here a small demonstration of my abilities,” he
explained, nodding over to El-Melloi. “We’ll try not to be in the way of your training-“
“You need not worry about that,” Martha interjected. “I had just finished a set and can easily
move aside if necessary.” Meanwhile, Tarrasque simply yawned – showing his impressive
and intimidating sets of fangs – before turning the other direction and going right back to
sleep.
Ren blinked in surprise, but shook his head. “It’s fine,” he replied. “You were here first and
we don’t want to interrupt. We’ll find a quiet area for the demonstration so don’t mind us.”
Martha blinked in surprise, mused for a split second, then asked, “May I join you, actually? I
do not believe I had… a good view of your abilities, Ren Amamiya. I wish to ascertain for
myself what I witnessed before in France and ensure I don’t draw improper conclusions this
time.”
That caught both of them by surprise. Ren quickly recovered and simply smiled. “Sure,
sounds good to me,” he agreed. He looked over to the Caster. “That fine with you?” he asked.
The Lord blew out another stream of smoke. “Unless her presence affects the demonstration,
I don’t think it will be an issue,” he simply replied.
Ren nodded. “Alright then,” he said. “In that case, if you guys can stand out of the way. I
don’t want to harm you.”
The two Servants cleared the field, leaving the training dummy alone. Ren took a quiet breath
as he switched to his most familiar mask once more. He brought his hand to his face – and
envisioned himself tearing it off.
“Arsene!”
His other self appeared in a burst of blue flame. His flaming visage sneered down at the
beings below as his crimson wings spread, creating a small burst of wind. Ren couldn’t help
but smile to himself. While he was comfortable with all his personas, using Arsene always
felt like wearing an incredibly powerful second skin. But then, it was quite literally his true
self after all – it shouldn’t feel like anything less.
Meanwhile, both El-Melloi and Martha watched impassively. The former crossed his arms as
he dissected everything he had seen so far. It was undoubtedly magecraft, but it was already
deviating from standard procedures. A powerful familiar like this called upon with only a
single word activation? Normally something like this would require a multiple line aria at
minimum to manifest, as well as various other tools or schematics in order to create it
properly. He saw no visible sign of a Mystic Code – or rather, no Mystic Codes that would
allow him to form such a familiar with such ease. That would leave only the workings of a
Crest, and a rather exceptional one at that.

Martha stared up at the flaming figure that loomed in the air. It looked satanic and even felt a
bit like it, yet it… didn’t. Or rather, it didn’t feel malevolent. Whatever malice it held wasn’t
towards humanity or Him. Rather, it was focused and guided. And she knew clearly who it
was being guided by: Ren Amamiya. Was it the same with all his personas? Were their
judgements or malice all guided strictly by his will? It was too soon to tell, but she would
observe carefully.
With a wild grin, Ren proceeded with the demonstration. With a mental command, Arsene
pointed at the target dummy, and a fountain of dark energy exploded underneath it. As the
magic faded, Arsene rushed forward and attacked with kicks of its heeled boots, leaving deep
furrows in the dummy in turn. That done, it floated back to Ren’s side and vanished as Ren
switched masks – one that had become a particular favorite after the Roman singularity.
“Cerberus!”
The white lion appeared in another burst of blue flame with a howl, snarling at the target
dummy. Ren hopped up easily on Cerberus’s back – surprising both El-Melloi and Martha –
and the persona ran a lap around the training ground under his mental command. Stopping at
his original position, it let out a baleful howl as a pillar of flame engulfed the dummy. The
sheer heat and brightness of the flames caused both El-Melloi and Martha to inadvertently
shield their faces from it. They hadn’t expected such power.
Ren slid off of Cerberus and grinned as he petted the lion, who immediately started purring
loudly underneath his hands. “What do you guys think so far?” he asked, looking over at the
two. Martha was left blinking, trying to formulate an answer as El-Melloi looked
contemplative.
“Permit me to try something,” El-Melloi replied. Walking over to the dummy, he drew a
circle enclosing it on the ground below with a small piece of chalk he had in his pocket while
muttering an aria. Stepping back, he nodded in satisfaction and turned back to Ren. “I would
like you to perform a magical attack with your personas,” he requested. “As well as a
physical attack.”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise, then nodded. With a mental command, Cerberus
howled again as the pillar of fire consumed the dummy once more. As the flames faded, the
circle remained unchanging as Ren once more switched out to yet another mask.
“Raphael!”
With yet another flash of blue fire, an angel appeared before them: Purple skin with upright
golden hair, he bore a stern countenance as he wielded a longsword in one hand. The persona
was dressed in armor, and over that was a white and gold cloth richly decorated with crosses.
Despite his armor, the persona was bare-sleeved, displaying lean yet powerful arms as two
great feathered wings emerged from his back. Despite the slightly unorthodox appearance,
the holy aura from the archangel was unmistakable.
With yet another mental command, the archangel pointed at the dummy with his sword.
Suddenly, multiple swords appeared, spinning in midair before stopping and pointing at the

dummy. They all shot down and skewered it on the spot before vanishing in turn. Unlike
before, Ren kept Raphael manifested so Martha could witness it clearly.
The saintess could barely prevent her mouth from dropping as she witnessed the sight of the
archangel. She knew it was nothing more than an cognitive image – as in, the form Raphael
would take in the common mind – but the sheer presence and aura he radiated felt almost
identical to a true heavenly being. Unlike with Arsene, there was no tint of malice or
malevolence to taint the image. No, all she could feel was righteous anger from the
archangel. However, they were similar in one way: Like Arsene’s malice, said anger was
focused and directed as well – under Ren’s will.
She could only gulp and reflect on this. There was much she had to think about here. Or
perhaps, less thinking than she expected.
The rain of swords surprised El-Melloi. That was… undoubtedly a physical move, but that
was not what he meant. It seemed that Ren’s personas encapsulated a many more powers and
elements than he thought. “I apologize, I should have made myself clearer,” he spoke up,
catching Ren’s attention. “Please try directly attacking the dummy with your personas.”
Ren blinked in surprise, then nodded. Before, he would’ve thought that suggestion would be
a bit odd, but recently he had been using his personas in a different manner than he used to.
With a glance up at his persona, Raphael flew forward and slashed at the dummy, leaving a
long gash in the sword’s wake before returning back to Ren.
“Interesting,” El-Melloi mused.
Ren glanced over in curiosity. “Noticed something?” he asked.
“I did,” the Caster confirmed. “However, I need a bit more evidence. One moment.” He
walked towards the dummy. As he did so, an object appeared in his hand: A small, jeweled
amulet. He clasped it around the dummy before double checking the circle, making sure it
was still intact, then nodded in satisfaction. Stepping back, he looked over to Ren. “I would
like you to use the weakest spell you have currently, then have the persona directly strike the
dummy,” he called out. “If you must use a different persona, then do so.”
The Phantom Thief nodded. He couldn’t help but smile a bit – he didn’t think he would be
running scientific experiments with his personas today but honestly, it was kind of fun. He
wondered what kind of conclusions El-Melloi would draw. In the meantime, his weakest one?
There were a few he could choose from, but there was one in particular that fit the bill. He
switched masks in his mind and tore them off once more.
“Pixie!”
With a tiny spurt of blue flame, the diminutive persona appeared. A tiny girl with fairy wings
and a blue leotard, she smirked impishly as she looped through the air. With a point of her
dainty finger, a bolt of lightning struck the dummy, then faded away. That done, with another
mental command, Pixie darted in and smacked the dummy in the ‘face’. Once that was done,
the persona flew back to Ren and vanished.

“Got anything?” the Phantom Thief asked as he rotated his shoulders. His magic circuits felt
warm from usage but he was far from straining them – definitely an improvement over when
he first utilized them in Fuyuki.
El-Melloi frowned slightly. “Your magecraft is… intriguing, Ren Amamiya,” he replied.
“First, it seems that there is no difference between the material comprising of your persona’s
mysteries and the personas themselves – the composition is different, of course, but in terms
of matter, the fires your Cerberus uses and Cerberus himself are the same thing. I can only
conclude that your personas are using, for lack of a better term, ‘parts’ of themselves and
reconfiguring them into spells.”
“This leads me to my second observation,” he continued. He pointed to the amulet he hung
on the dummy. “That amulet bestows minor magic resistance. Normally it would ward off
weaker magecraft, which would include that lightning bolt your persona just used. Because
of the first point, however, they bypassed the resistance entirely. That leads me to conclude
that your mysteries are not a standard form of magecraft. They utilize something else entirely
to actualize their effects. At the very least, standard projection would not actualize mysteries
of such potency.”
Ren blinked in surprise. He hadn’t expected an explanation like that in the slightest. “Huh,”
was all he could really say as he crossed his arms, wrapping his head around it. “So what
does that mean in the end?”
The Caster blew out another line of smoke. “Currently, still inconclusive,” he replied bluntly.
“However, there may be more details to help bridge the gap and form a reasonable
explanation. Out of curiosity, what’s the extent you can use these projections in terms of raw
power?”
The Phantom Thief considered his options. His extent…? His eyes flicked over to Martha,
who was quietly observing from the side, though she bore a troubled expression. An idea
creeped into his mind. A risky one, true, but one that would fully inform her of what she was
dealing with. After everything she had put him through, she deserved that much. “I think I
can show you,” Ren said slowly. “You guys might want to back up somewhat though. And
both of you – whatever you see, please don’t react too much to it.”
Both El-Melloi and Martha blinked in surprise at the latter warning but heeded his advice
regardless and stood well away. Ren took a deep breath. To be honest, he was curious as to
how powerful he currently was compared to his past adventures. This would be a good way
to find out. He switched out his masks in preparation. Nothing for it now – time to begin.
“Attis!”
The bandaged persona sprung into being once more with a flash of blue flame. With a mental
command, it cast Thermopylae twice. Two sets of red, green, and blue lights appeared into
being around Ren before vanishing, empowering him twice over before the persona vanished.
The Phantom Thief flexed his hands. He felt far stronger and more resilient than before.
Looking around, he quickly noticed the world seemed to be moving considerably slower to
him than normal. Everything was as he expected. He switched his masks once more. Now it
was all or nothing.

“Lucifer!”
The fallen angel appeared with an explosion of blue flame. Human yet inhuman in
appearance, the sheer aura of malevolence and chaos emanating from the persona was
palpable. Ren felt the his circuits burning as they worked to maintain the persona, but it still
wasn’t as straining as it had been before. That was a good sign.
Meanwhile, both El-Melloi and Martha cried out in surprise and terror at the appearance of
the Lightbringer, startling Tarrasque who looked over and immediately reared up, growling
ferociously. The saintess especially could only start sweating nervously as she beheld his
appearance. It was so different from what she imagined or thought, but every tiny mote of her
body told her it was unmistakable. Without a doubt, this was Lucifer himself – the Devil. She
was faintly aware that she wasn’t the target of his malice and yet it still felt oppressive to her.
It was taking all she had to not attack Ren then and there for bringing the fallen angel out.
Ren spared only a glance to make sure he wouldn’t be attacked. Tarrasque was the biggest
(literally and figuratively) concern, but aside from that, the creature wasn’t moving to
actually strike. The Phantom Thief breathed a small sigh of relief. At least that was one
concern alleviated. Turning back to his preparations, he began glowing with a blue aura as he
began focusing his magical power. That was it for the preparations.
Now it was showtime.
With a mental command, Lucifer slowly raised a hand. The sky above them darkened
immediately into a cloudless night, with countless stars wheeling through the heavens as they
left glimmering trails of light. Power radiated from Ren and Lucifer as whirlpools of light
appeared high above. El-Melloi and Martha could feel the hairs on their skin standing up
from the intensity of the magic around them as they could only watch, transfixed.
Among the countless whirling stars, one gleamed brightly and shot down through the
whirlpool like a bolt of judgement. It collided with the ground and for a moment, there was
nothing but silence. Time itself seemed to slow down, milliseconds passing like eternity as
the world itself seemed to be holding its breath.
Then the calamity struck – awesome, terrible, incandescent. There was nothing but light as
everything erupted, consuming all before it in an unstoppable wave of annihilation. So
blinding it was that the Servants were forced to shield their eyes from the sheer brilliance.
Moments later, the roar of the explosion reached their ears in a deafening clamor. The air
reverberated and howled under the sheer wrath of the Morning Star, whipping about them
like a hurricane, almost knocking them off their feet as the ground trembled and quaked. Yet
throughout it all, Ren and Lucifer both stood, undaunting and unyielding, beholding the sheer
destruction they had wrought with no more than smirks of satisfaction.
And just as quickly as it came, it was gone. The night sky vanished, in its place the
simulator’s eternally sunny afternoon once again. However, a good distance away from them
was a large, deep crater formed from when the Morning Star struck earth. Everything in and
around the crater had been annihilated, leaving nothing but ruined earth. Lucifer vanished
away as Ren collapsed on his knees, panting for breath. His circuits once again felt like they
were running with boiling water. It had been some time since he strained himself like this.

He looked up at the crater and had to resist the urge to scowl. A double layer of Thermopylae
combined with Concentration, then utilizing Lucifer’s Morning Star was one of the most
powerful abilities available to him. That level of destruction he inflicted… it was nothing in
comparison to what he could do when he was in Maruki’s Palace. Had he really become this
weak in the interim from his adventures to now?
No. This was utterly unacceptable. He had a lot more he needed to work on than he thought.
Hiding his dissatisfaction for now, he slowly stood back up on shaky legs and gave a tired
grin to the two Servants. “That’s the most I’m capable of right now in terms of raw power,”
he stated. “What do you think?”
The two Servants could only stare at Ren with eyes as round as saucers. El-Melloi was the
first to recover – he sighed aridly as he picked himself up and brushed himself off. “It seems
there is much I have to consider in terms of your magecraft,” he groused as he took out a
fresh cigarette and lit it, his old one having been blown away by the blast. “Which I shall do
while nursing a glass of whiskey that I desperately need right now. I thank you for the
demonstration, Master, and shall speak to you further at a later date about the matter.” With a
small bow, he walked out of the simulator as he scratched his head in irritation.
Great. And he thought Flat would be the extent of troublesome brats…
Ren watched as the Caster left, idly wondering if he even knew where the cafeteria was since
they never got a chance to show him. Then he turned to Martha. “What about you, Martha?”
he asked, keeping his expression and tone as neutral as possible. He noticed Tarrasque now
fully awake and eyeing him warily, though the dragon wasn’t outright hostile. “What do you
think about everything you just saw?”
Martha blinked several times as she registered the question, then cleared her throat. “You
have… peculiar abilities, Master,” she began slowly. “To be able to use the power of angels
and well as demons – especially that of Lucifer himself – is something I fully admit I was
unprepared for. It would certainly be a huge asset in the battles to come-“
“Not what I mean,” Ren replied sharply, cutting Martha off. “I want your personal, actual
thoughts on the matter, Martha. Please be honest with me – what do you think of all of it?”
The Rider blinked multiple times, then sighed deeply as her shoulders sagged. “I… have very
mixed feelings about it,” she replied honestly. “I know they are just images of angels and
demons – and yes, that of Lucifer too – but… the way they feel and look still stirs and affects
my heart. It is not a feeling I can easily shake off, nor do I relish it. I will not say they are
blasphemy or heresy or anything of the sort – after all, what church is without images of
Him, His angels, and the Lightbringer? At the very least, I commend you for having images
that are very close to what they represent.”
“Thanks,” Ren replied simply. “And I get it – they may not be real, but they’re in cognitions
for a reason. So, what’s your call? Are you still alright being my Servant or should I have
Ritsu or Morgana handle things? Or…?”

Martha paused as she considered for a moment… then smiled warmly as she shook her head.
“That won’t be necessary, I think,” she declined. “It’s clear that your personas, despite
everything, are simply your tools. Their intent is your intent. And from all I’ve seen of you,
both here and in the singularities, your intent is nothing less than honorable and kind. I have
no issue with them or your usage, Ren. And I would like to apologize for any and all
discourtesy I have shown you.”
The saintess paused for a moment. “It’s not a very common story,” she murmured. “But…
my Lord is the reason that the Seven Princes of Hell cannot enter the mortal realm. That was
among the many deeds He has done, and he sacrificed much in order to achieve them. To see
demons, especially the Lightbringer himself, here after all He has done… well, admittedly
that was the reason for my hostility in the beginning.”
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise at the story. Well, that certainly explained a lot. “No
apology necessary,” Ren reassured her. “Though a small correction: They’re not ‘tools’, not
precisely. They’re more reflections of myself than anything. Everything you’ve seen –
Lucifer, Raphael, Angel, Pixie, Cerberus, and more - they’re all parts or aspects of my
personality. Whether good or bad, I accept all of them how I can and use them for what I
need them for.”
Martha blinked in surprise. “They’re… reflections of you?” she asked warily. “Including that
of Lucifer? That’s… disconcerting to hear, I must admit. You are aware of his reputation and
how he acts, I presume?”
Ren nodded. “I am,” he answered without hesitation. “And I’m not going to deny that there’s
a small part of me that does acts and thinks like him. However, I’ve accepted that and also
accepted it’s only part of who I am. What it does – what I do with it – is all dependent on me.
Just as the aspects that Raphael represents are as well, or whichever persona I utilize.”
Martha mused over them. Reflections, he had called them. All of them him yet only in part.
Angel, demon, and monster alike… she had to wonder what her Lord would have thought of
Ren. Discarding the thought for now, she let out a tired breath. “It seems like El-Melloi, I
have much to think about,” she murmured. “But for now, I am satisfied with your answers,
Ren. I shall gladly lend my strength to your cause.”
The Phantom Thief smiled. “Good to have you on board,” he replied. He felt a warmth bloom
in his heart as another bond was forged now. Chariot, huh? This would be interesting. “For
now, you wanna grab some food? I think it’s almost lunchtime.”
The saintess smiled. “Of course, Master,” she agreed. Tarrasque yawned and slowly ambled
away before vanishing into golden dust. “Lead the way.”
Ren nodded. As the two left together, the simulator reversed the damage caused by the
Morning Star. Soon, it would be a serene location once more, unmarred by violence.
It was a peaceful day.

Boudica had to admit, Chaldea was many things. It was bright and clean, for instance almost clinically so. The atmosphere was surprisingly desolate and cold overall, missing
much of the warmth of humanity. The staff all wore some sort of uniform, distinguished only
by various colors: Orange, green, and the Masters themselves wore white barring Morgana. It
all felt rather rigid and machine-like overall – and reminded her a bit too much of Roman
soldiers and their uniform arms and armor.
However, that was all merely surface level. On closer inspection, there were signs of
humanity everywhere – perhaps a small pin on a uniform, maybe a coffee stain that one of
the robotic servitors hadn’t attended to quite yet, and the occasional muffled conversation or
laughter she heard as she passed by. Something that broke the monotonous coldness of the
facility and constantly reminded her that no, humanity was still here and alive.
A tiny smile curled her lips. It was a small ember, but a persistent one nevertheless.
In the meantime, the Rider looked over the kitchen with an appraising eye. While everything
was spotless thanks to the robotic janitors, she saw signs here too of usage: Tools and utensils
somewhat askew, cutting boards with knife markings, scuff marks on the stoves where pans
and pots have been consistently placed. Her observational skills admittedly weren’t great
enough to distinguish between whether it was done by robots or humans, but still, there was
something familiar about it all despite the modernity of the equipment.
“Ren and Archer use the kitchen the most,” Ritsuka piped up. She and Mash had still been
showing Boudica around while Morgana had taken Medea to her room at the Caster’s
request. “Occasionally some of the other staff pop back here to whip up something, but most
of the time everyone’s too exhausted and just let the robots do the cooking. It works out
pretty well for them.”
“I see,” the Rider mused as she took down a pan and stared at it, pondering. “And how are
the dishes of these robots? I’m guessing they’re serviceable, at least?” Putting up the pain,
she fiddled around with various devices like the toaster, noting the heating coils within before
activating the stove, passing a hand over the top to feel the heat. All these appliances were
rather unfamiliar to her – the Throne of Heroes only provided ‘need-to-know’ information,
after all. Manipulating appliances in the modern world apparently didn’t seem to count for
that.
“The robots are programmed with over a thousand recipes, with cuisines from all around the
world,” Mash elaborated. “I have not heard any complaints from the staff about the quality of
the dishes. However, they have remarked a certain lack of… warmth to them, from what I’ve
heard?” The Shielder looked over to Ritsuka for confirmation.
Ritsuka nodded in turn. “Yeah,” she agreed. “Like, they taste good but they’re missing a
certain… something. They’re like tastier, more nutritious microwavable dinners? I dunno,
that’s the best way I can really describe them.” Mash tilted her head in curiosity.
Microwavable dinners? She had heard of them during her readings of her outside world, but
only in passing. She noted it down as something to ask either Ritsuka, Morgana, or Rensenpai later.

Boudica nodded pensively. “I see…” she murmured. She glanced back at the others. “Are
you two hungry?” she asked with a smile.
The two girls blinked in surprise and looked at each other. “It… IS getting close to lunch
time,” Mash admitted.
Ritsuka nodded. “Yeah, I could go for something,” she agreed before looking back at
Boudica. “I’m guessing you’re offering?”
The Rider’s smile widened. “Grab a seat,” she answered. “I’ll make something simple for
now.” As the two girls nodded and went to find seats at the counter, the queen stepped back
into the storeroom and went over the rather abundant number of ingredients. She couldn’t
help but feel a bit wistful and nostalgic. It had been a while since she had really done this,
hadn’t it? Back in the Roman singularity, she had been too busy leading armies and
maintaining discipline. Now, she didn’t have to worry about any of that.
Taking a loaf of bread to start with, she once again felt a smile tug at her lips. Despite the
different setting, it all felt so familiar. Her husband would be making the rounds around the
tribe, talking to his men and working on the various issues that always sprung up. Her
daughters would be out training or learning various crafts like sewing or singing. She would
be here once she had finished with her other duties, thinking about what she wanted to make
for them as the day went by. Her family always did their best to make time for meals –
though it wasn’t always a guarantee. At least if they were just right outside, she could just
call them in.
She froze for a second as images of flame, iron, and blades flashed in her mind, wiping the
smile from her face. Gritting her teeth slightly, the Rider shook her head to shove them aside
before grabbing some cheese and meats. No. Not right now. This wasn’t the time for it. There
would be a time for her to reflect on her past, but this wasn’t it. There were two girls who
were expecting a decent lunch and at the very least, she wasn’t about to fail them in that
regard.
Grabbing a few more and loading them in a small basket nearby, she carried them out into the
kitchen. Taking a pan, she placed it on the stove and turned it on high heat. Once that was
done, she took down a cutting board and began cutting up various slices of cheese as well as
lettuce and tomato. Her hands moved dexterously and skillfully from years of experience,
quickly creating a small pile of needed foodstuffs.
With that done, she took strips of bacon and placed them on the pan. The grease immediately
began sizzling as it hit the hot metal. Meanwhile, Boudica reached over to turn down the
stove to light-medium, allowing the residual heat to cook the meat as the delectable smell
filled the kitchen. The popping grease wasn’t a bother for her – even before becoming a
Servant she had long since become accustomed to this. As it cooked, she took four slices of
bread and popped them into the toaster.
Inwardly, she marveled at the ingredients. Their freshness and softness were rather
astounding – meats so readily available without worrying about preservation via salt or
drying. The bread practically fell apart at a touch, unlike the harder ones her people had made
in the past. The vegetables spoke for themselves as well. She had no doubt that people would

have killed for foodstuffs like this back in her time. Yet humanity nowadays didn’t even spare
it a second glance. She could only chuckle to herself.
As she layered the sandwich, she spared a glance over at the girls. Both Ritsuka and Mash
were watching her, murmuring to each other as they did. The former’s eyes were practically
sparkling as she watched, and Mash seemed rather excited as well. She flashed a quick smile
at them before returning to her cooking. For a brief moment, she felt like she was cooking for
her daughters again – and felt an old, familiar pang through her heart. It seemed becoming a
Servant couldn’t soothe some old wounds.
Boudica breathed a small sigh of annoyance as she finally finished. She was a bit rustier than
she expected, especially with these unfamiliar machines. It seemed she needed to spend more
time here. Nevertheless, she served the two sandwiches as well as glasses of apple juice.
“Here you are,” she said, smiling. “Sorry for the wait!”
The girls’ eyes practically gleamed. Ritsuka seized her sandwich – and winced as she yanked
her hands away. “Yeow, that’s hot,” she muttered as she shook her fingers. Taking it more
carefully, she picked it up and bit into it, and her expression immediately lit up. “Oh my god I
haven’t had a grilled sandwich this good in forever!” she moaned through a mouthful.
“Don’t talk with your mouth full,” Boudica gently admonished, smiling regardless as she
leaned on the counter. “You’ll choke.” Ritsuka blinked in surprise but heeded her advice and
savored the sandwich more quietly.
Mash meanwhile had already dug into her sandwich with relish. The heat wasn’t a bother to
her with her demi-Servant resilience. “This is delicious!” she crowed. “You are a wonderful
chef, Miss Boudica!”
“Just call me Boudica,” the Rider reassured her. “But I’m happy you two enjoy it so much.
Do neither of you get home cooking that much?”
Mash blinked and shook her head. “Not much, I’m afraid,” she admitted. “I’ve been in
Chaldea my whole life and most of the staff don’t cook, so I had to rely on cuisines from
automated chefs. They were tasty, nutritious, and filling, but… well, I didn’t think much
about them until recently. It certainly is different, a dish made from human hands compared
to one made by a machine.”
Boudica blinked in surprise. Wait, did Mash say she spent her entire life here? In this sterile
cage of metal and synthetic materials with nothing but the biting cold and snow of Antarctica
outside? Where was the nature? The fields and horizons a child would pine for and allow
their imaginations to consume them? Where were their peers that they could play, argue and
compete with? Where was her family.
She could only turn over the thoughts in her mind sadly. Mash deserved far better than this.
“Yeah,” Ritsuka agreed, breaking the Rider out of her thoughts. “It feels… warmer, I guess –
and not because I burned my fingers earlier. Makes it taste all the better, if you ask me. Same
with Ren’s curry and coffee: on their own they’re great, no questions asked. But when he

makes it… my mouth just starts watering thinking of it. And I know Mash feels the same way
about it – or is it because it’s Ren?”
Mash turned red at the Master’s question, not helped by the Master’s impish grin. “I-it’s not
like that, senpai!” she quickly denied. “Ren-senpai is a very talented chef without a doubt,
and an excellent barista! He’s even skilled enough to tailor them to his wishes, which he
often does depending on what we need for the day! I don’t think all of that can be easily
dismissed as ‘just’ Ren-senpai being… Ren-senpai!”
“Oh? You caught all that?” Ritsuka asked as her grin became even wider. “Someone’s been
observing him rather closely. Not that I blame you, though – he’s pretty on the eyes, I gotta
say. You’ve got good taste, Mashumallow~” The Shielder began spluttering as her face began
turning even redder, trying to find some sort of excuse to give.
“You two seem remarkably interested with Ren,” Boudica observed, looking between the two
girls. “Is he that amazing?”
Ritsuka looked back, excitedly opened her mouth – no doubt to expound more about the
Phantom Thieves – then stopped. Slowly, her enthusiasm drained away as she gave a small,
tired smile in response. “Yeah, he is,” she replied quietly. “With him around, we’re pretty
much guaranteed to win, no matter what. He seems to have an answer or a trick for
everything.”
Mash looked over in concern, then sighed. “While I think Ritsuka-senpai is playing him up a
bit much,” she answered. “There is no doubt that Ren-senpai is remarkably skilled and
experienced in many different fields and areas, be they combat, social, or others. It takes me
all I have to keep up with him and yet… I still find myself lacking considerably in many,
many areas. I have much I need to work on and improve before I can even consider myself
anywhere close to his peer.”
“Is that so,” Boudica mused. She hadn’t interacted with Ren all that much aside from some
more professional courtesies, but her first impression of him was that he seemed like a decent
enough of a young man. A very capable one, without a doubt, but nothing more than that.
However, now she knew that her current impression wouldn’t stand. Or rather, she couldn’t –
wouldn’t – let it. She needed a clearer picture of him before anything else.
And most of all, especially if he was the kind of man who would take advantage of two girls
who not only had fallen head over heels for him but were almost worshipping the ground he
walked on. She had seen such things happen far too many times during her tenure as queen
when she spoke with her people. Thankfully her and her husband had taught her daughters to
have a good amount of sense, but Ritsuka and Mash… they were still inexperienced and
green.
The Rider inwardly shook her head. She was jumping to conclusions. It was probably better
if she simply kept an eye out at the moment. There was much she didn’t know – she only just
got here, after all. Maybe it was a needless suspicion, but better a needless suspicion she
could put to rest than unsuspecting naivete that would end up with them getting hurt. These
two would grow up to be amazing, she was sure of it. And, more than as a Servant, she
wanted to make sure the two would get that chance. But for now…

“Do you two want seconds?” Boudica asked.
“Yes, please!” Mash spoke up.
“Me too!” Ritsuka enthusiastically agreed.
The queen smiled happily as she stepped back into the kitchen. For now, she could at least
make sure they were well fed. Her time at Chaldea was only just beginning.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, check the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 99: Questions
Chapter Summary

Questions and answers.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Hey Ren, I wanted to talk to you about Jing Ke- no, no…”
“You know, I never got to hear about your fight with Romulus and Lev! You gotta tell me all
about- too roundabout.”
“So how do you deal with someone dying on you- why did I even consider that…?”
Ritsuka exasperatedly crossed out another line before ripping the page out of her notebook,
wadding it up, and tossing it into the nearby wastebasket. Closing her eyes, she slowly
massaged them through her eyelids as she tried to focus again. The notebook had a bunch of
lines written down she was rehearsing, trying to properly flow into a conversation that would
deal with her situation. And she had already scratched out about… actually, no. If she
counted, she’d just get an even bigger headache.
She looked back up at her reflection in the mirror. Even at a glance it was clear she had seen
better days, with her pale expression and bags underneath her bloodshot eyes. Sleep had been
somewhat hard to come by lately. When she wasn’t plagued by nightmares, she simply kept
waking up in the middle of the night and couldn’t fall back asleep. And there was only so
much hot chocolate she could drink before it tasted like crap. Although she never really went
for makeup, she wished she had some now if only to cover up how tired she looked.
Trying to talk to Ren was proving to be tricky. He had been running around everywhere
taking care of business – checking in with Servants, working out his magecraft, cooking, and
more. How he managed to do it, she didn’t even try to guess. Still, he didn’t need yet another
thing on his plate, least of all what she was dealing with. Better to do what she could to
downplay it, get some advice, then get out of his hair. But how the hell could she properly go
about this? Talking about a friend dying on you is a bit different than talking about a movie
that just came out.
Wait, like talking about a movie… picking up her pen, she lifted it up, hesitated for a second,
then began writing a new beginning line to her notebook. It was about as believable as the ‘I
have this one friend’ introduction admittedly, but maybe he’d pick up the clue and talk
through that lens instead. It’d be a decent way of at least somewhat cushioning the impact of
the conversation and let her get in and out without too much trouble…

Ritsuka stared at what she wrote, then sighed exasperatedly. Who was she kidding – he’d
probably see through the bullshit immediately.
Looking back up at the mirror, she tried her best to smile. It looked strained – and felt like it
too. The corners of her mouth already ached and trembled from the effort. She dropped it
with a tired sigh before using her fingers to push up the corners, forcing herself to smile. It
had been a while since she had last done this – was it when she was eleven or so? She had
spent countless hours in the bathroom practicing her smile and expressions to make them
seem as natural and bright as possible. She remembered watching her more outgoing peers,
noting their mannerisms and how they talked to people, and practiced in private until her
throat went hoarse.
And yet, despite everything, nothing worked. Ritsuka watched as her peers got adopted one
by one. Even the quieter, shyer ones or the troublemakers got adopted out while she remained
behind. She never begrudged them; in fact, she was always happy they got a new family, and
even tried to keep in contact. Yet even they slowly talked less and less with her, with no small
number eventually just disappearing. She wasn’t too shocked – they had their new family and
new friends, after all. And she was… well, nobody special.
She let out another arid sigh before shoving such thoughts aside as she continued focusing on
preparing her speech and smile. This wasn’t the time to play the world’s smallest violin for
herself. Humanity was at stake, and she could at the very least not drag everyone else down
with her. Ren without a doubt was the cornerstone and central figure here – like hell she
would be that one fatal distraction that would get him killed.
Ritsuka wondered if Mash had talked to Ren already. She tried downplaying what had
happened in her last mission, but it was clear the girl was worried for her. Already she felt
lousy about that – Mash had enough to deal with right now, and here she was offloading more
troubles on her. Sure, she did ask, but that was no excuse. Mash deserved so much better, and
she certainly didn’t miss how the Shielder looked at Ren.
Turning around, she looked over at one of the posters still hanging on her wall, where Ren in
his Phantom Thief outfit posed. Despite everything, Ritsuka smiled to herself. Mashumallow
had good taste without a doubt.
Thirty minutes later, she was marching down Chaldea’s halls. Whenever someone passed by,
she greeted them with a grin and a quick good morning – easily done when she wasn’t
thinking too hard about it. Habits tended to be like that. If they asked if she was alright, she
just brushed them off with a simple excuse that she hadn’t slept well. That was enough to
satisfy most peoples’ curiosity. She did ask for Ren, however, and they invariably told her he
was in the cafeteria. And so, her destination was set.
Before long, the redhead was standing beside the large double doors of the cafeteria. She had
spent so long rehearsing that she had just about missed out on breakfast – and her stomach’s
grumbling made her painfully aware of the fact. Maybe she should’ve at least grabbed an
early morning snack or something first before doing this, but it was too late now. Taking a
deep breath, she forced her nerves down and pushed into the cafeteria room.

As expected, the place smelled heavenly with spices, mixed with the stronger scent of coffee.
Ren was currently on the coffee machines with his back turned to the entrance. Ritsuka took a
quick glance around. Only a few of the staff here and no Servants, and said staff were
polishing off their own plates and cups. Good – at least she had some relative privacy to work
with here. Less chance of making things incredibly awkward or being a pain.
Walking through, she sat down at the counter. “Morning!” she called out cheerfully. “Guess I
missed breakfast, huh?”
Ren glanced over and smiled. “You did,” he confirmed. “But it’s fine – I saved some curry
for you and making some fresh coffee right now. Don’t think you’d ever miss it if you
could.”
Ritsuka blinked in surprise, then chuckled ruefully. “Guilty as charged,” she admitted, putting
her hands in the air. All the while her heart sank deeper – even after everything, he still had
more than enough forethought to keep an eye out for her. How long was she going to drag
Ren, leader of the Phantom Thieves and their best chance at saving the world, down? She
needed to be decisive about this.
As Ren plated the rice and curry, her foot tapped anxiously against the chair. She was going
through all the feasible lines in her head and already they were going from ‘not so bad’ ideas
to horrible ones. She was faintly aware of some of the staff leaving, their footsteps receding
behind her as the robots rolled in to collect their dirty dishes. Would it be enough privacy for
them to work with? It was too soon to say. For now, she decided to time it while she was
eating, or right after.
The Phantom Thief placed a plate of curry and a mug of coffee in front of her. “And here you
are,” he announced.
She was about to thank him when she noticed him turning around and grabbing another plate
and mug for himself. “Did you not have breakfast either?” Ritsuka asked in surprise.
“Breakfast got a lot busier than I expected,” Ren replied with a grin. “Seems a lot of people
missed my curry and coffee – I barely had any time to breathe, let alone eat, even with
Archer helping out.”
Ritsuka chuckled. “I can see why,” she agreed as she picked up a spoonful of curry before
popping it in her mouth. The savory, rich spices spread on her tongue delectably – infinitely
better than the instant curry they had back that night in the Roman singularity. If everyone
thought that curry was tasty, then they would practically cry with joy if they tried this one.
Astolfo would probably even try to feed some to his hippogriff. Now that would’ve been a
sight to see.
Immediately, the food turned to ashes in her mouth and the curry lost all taste. She swallowed
with some difficulty before washing it down with some bland coffee. Just once, she would
like to eat or drink something without some intrusive thought making everything taste like
crap. But then, given it was her fault, maybe it was some sort of karmic punishment.
Nevertheless, she continued eating – not eating would only make her feel worse and probably
get the wrong kind of attention from Ren.

The redhead looked up in curiosity as Ren walked out of the kitchen and instead simply sat
down next to her before digging in. Huh. He normally ate across from them on the counter
for easier access to the kitchen. Then again, given how the cafeteria had emptied out, it was
likely he didn’t need to anymore. Still, she felt her heart hammering against her chest as she
continued eating. She thought she was prepared – and she wanted to smack herself for it.
“How is it?” Ren asked, glancing over.
Ritsuka blinked in surprise at the question, then swallowed her current mouthful. “Great as
always,” she chirped. “God, I missed this curry. The instant stuff we had back in the Roman
singularity was decent enough with what he had, sure, but nothing can beat this. Especially
with the coffee. I missed this coffee – none of the instant crap we had as field rations. Blegh.
You’ve spoiled us permanently, Ren. I’m holding you accountable for that.”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “It seems I’ve inflicted so many people with the sin of gluttony,”
he dramatically stated. “Oh, what a devil I am! But at least the damage is contained for now –
until humanity is restored once more, that is!”
The corny lines caused Ritsuka to laugh, feeling a small weight leave her shoulders as she did
so. “Yeah, second to lust,” she snarked back with a wry grin. “I heard you got a kiss from a
certain Roman emperor. While I should’ve expected it from a Phantom Thief like you, I gotta
say: Dang. You certainly knocked it out of the park.
Ren chuckled at that. “What can I say, I surprise myself with my charm sometimes,” he
replied with a smirk and an overly smug flourish of his hair. That got another laugh from
Ritsuka. Despite her nervousness earlier, she was already feeling a bit better – though the
trepidation still sat in her gut like a rock.
They ate for a bit in silence, enjoying the food. “Have you been sleeping well?” Ren asked
suddenly, glancing over at her.
Ritsuka considered her answer for a moment, then sighed. “Nah, not really,” she replied
earnestly. “I spent too much time watching this movie that caught my eye – forgot the title of
it. There was a sacrifice in the climax that I’m not happy with though.” That was an utter lie,
but Ren didn’t have to know that. So long as she acted as she always did and forced her heart
to stop beating a mile a minute, she should be fine. Probably.
Ren’s expression was neutral as he tilted his head. “And why’s that?” he asked, taking a sip
of his coffee.
The redhead sighed, feigning as much exasperation as she could. “The captain made a dumb
call,” she stated bluntly. “There was a switch they could’ve just flipped and closed off the
doors to the airlock, locking the alien away. He just had to reach over and press it. But noooo,
the guy had to freaking panic and lose a good character in the process! I mean come on, it
was an absolutely crappy move and anyone could see that! If he didn’t panic for, like, three
damn seconds then that guy would’ve been just fine and-“
She reached up to wipe the tears starting to form. “Ugh, sorry,” she grumbled. “I liked that
character and it was just… a dumb way to go out, you know? Who writes this tripe

nowadays?”
Ritsuka looked over and saw Ren staring at her. His expression was impassive, giving no
indication of what he was thinking. Those grey eyes felt like they were staring straight
through her. They seemed to be understanding – and for a reason she was trying very hard to
avoid. Unable to take it, she turned away, forcing herself to choke down another mouthful of
curry. Maybe she was overthinking it again and she had managed to fool him for a little bit.
Ren turned away, took another bite of curry, and chewed pensively. “That does suck,” he
agreed. “Especially if it could be that easily resolved. Was the button within reach of the
captain, by chance? Like, just reach over and press it or…?”
Ritsuka racked her brain for a bit to try and match her circumstances with the metaphor. “It’s
not the easiest reach, no,” she admitted. “But it could’ve been prepped earlier or the captain
could’ve been closer to it! Or-or maybe even go on the PA system and yelled… something!
He literally could’ve done anything besides panicking!”
The Phantom Thief looked thoughtful. “Hm,” he hummed thoughtfully. “What was the
captain doing at the time anyway?”
The redhead blinked in surprise. “Er, he was…” she stammered, trying to think of a fitting
metaphor. “Watching the other crew members in the surveillance room. You know, keeping
track of their positions, what they’re doing, seeing if there’s, uh, other aliens or what the main
one is doing. Stuff like that.” Close enough – she did have a relatively decent view of the
entire battle as well as most of the Servants during that battle. She wished she had a better
awareness of everything like she was watching through multiple cameras, but that was too
much to ask from anyone.
“Huh, that’s a good amount of responsibility,” Ren noted thoughtfully. He noticed Ritsuka
flinching at the comment but decided to say nothing about it. “And what’d you think of the
captain overall?”
Ritsuka balled her hands into fists underneath the counter. “He’s, uh…” she stammered,
taking another sip of the coffee as she scrambled to think of something reasonable to say.
“He’s… okay, I guess? He just felt like someone way too in over his head and scrambling
about. The first mate is the real star of the show if you ask me – he’s the one getting stuff
done. So were all the other crewmates to be honest. They all had a lot of skills and
experience, and it showed. The captain was… was a newbie. I dunno why they assigned him
to that role, especially with the first mate as busy as he was. I… I guess when you put it that
way, it made sense for… for the captain to screw up – and cost the life of a crewmate in the
process.”
She couldn’t stop herself now. Tears were once more starting to leak out of her eyes. “It was a
stupid call,” she snapped. “That captain sh-shouldn’t have been a captain in the first place –
or even on the damn ship! H-he should’ve been sent back t-to the academy or something, oror court-martialed! Yeah, the crew won in the end, but no thanks to him! If I hadn’t made ththat call, then he’d still… he’d would’ve…!”

Ren quietly stared and waited at Ritsuka as the girl reached up to wipe her eyes, trying to get
her emotions under control. “Being a captain isn’t easy,” he murmured quietly as he sipped
his coffee. “Lots of factors to keep track of and people to manage. The crew relies on the
captain to get them through safely, and in turn the captain relies on the crew to get things
done and succeed. It’s a heavy burden. And especially when they’ve a bird’s eye view so they
can see everything – including what they did wrong. Especially what they did wrong.”
Ritsuka quietly ate another spoonful of curry. She couldn’t even taste it anymore, but it
occupied her enough to calm down a bit more. “Th-there’s a lot of people that don’t deserve
to be a captain,” she muttered.
The Phantom Thief nodded. “True,” he agreed. “Though sometimes, I think it’s a little too
quick to judge. You said this captain’s a newbie, right?”
The redhead blinked. “Yeah…?” she replied, wondering where he was going with this.
“Then it’s to be expected,” Ren said. “Nobody is infallible or perfect – everyone makes
mistakes. And yes, even when it’s a position where lives are on the line. The cost is a lot
greater, yes, but… well, it’s inevitable. The best anyone can do whenever something like that
happens is to learn and improve. And even then, someone experienced and learned can screw
up… and lose people in the process. That’s how battles go.”
“… Like with Jing Ke?” Ritsuka asked quietly.
Ren sighed. “It was a gamble,” he murmured sadly, staring into his mug. “Jing Ke had an
idea and just needed an opening. I worked with her and provided her with one – and she still
got hurt anyway. She wasn’t going to make it. I asked if she wanted me to try and heal her. I
thought I had something that might bring her back.”
It took all of Ritsuka’s might to not smile bitterly. Of course, he had a method to heal a
Servant back from mortal injury. She should’ve expected it. “So… she didn’t want it?” she
asked quietly.
The Phantom Thief shook his head. “She didn’t,” he confirmed. “But even if I healed her,
that didn’t change the fact that I got her killed in the first place. That may have been what she
wanted – and how she wanted to go out – but it doesn’t make it sting any less. It’s a pretty
bittersweet feeling, if I had to put it.”
Ritsuka gulped quietly. It would’ve been easy to deflect any responsibility to Jing Ke, but
Ren believed he had messed up as well. And she could understand what he meant: healing
them doesn’t remove the mistake in the first place. She remembered burning as much of her
mana as possible trying to use healing magecraft on Astolfo, trying to correct her mistake and failed miserably.
“But even then, life goes on,” he continued with a shrug, his expression wistful and pensive.
“Everyone bears their mistakes with them – you, me, Morgana, our Servants. All we can do
is we learn from them and be better for the sake of everyone who comes after, including
ourselves. Either that or be stuck in a rut, but that’s why we have people to push us out of
them.”

As Ren got up and picked up his empty plate and mug, Ritsuka considered. She wasn’t sure if
that was what she wanted to hear, but at the very least it was probably what she needed to
hear. Moping about Astolfo for this long wasn’t productive or helpful for anyone. Hell, she
could hear Astolfo in her mind complaining about how long she had been in a funk about
this. If she really wanted to honor what he did, then it was like Ren said: She had to be better.
“Out of curiosity,” Ren asked, catching Ritsuka’s attention once more. “How does that movie
end? Was it a happy ending at least?”
The redhead blinked in surprise. “Er, about as happy as could be,” she quickly replied before
even considering it. “The alien was dealt with and the other crew survived, if traumatized.”
She quietly pondered. While reassured, she couldn’t help but feel lost. “So… what do think I
shou- er, the captain should do now?” she asked.
The Phantom Thief glanced over, then looked up as he pondered. “I’d say the captain should
do what his job needs him to do:” he answered. “Look at the bigger picture. Where to go,
how to get there, what kind of obstacles to expect and plans to ford around them, things like
that. After all, even if his first mate is supposedly incredibly competent, he can only manage
the crew and more local conditions after all.”
That… wasn’t the answer she expected in the slightest. “Wait, what do you mean by that?”
she asked.
Ren paused, then placed the plates back on the counter. It was going to be a slightly long
story. “When the Phantom Thieves were first formed,” he began. “We honestly didn’t have
any idea what we were doing. All we knew was that we wanted to take down those abusing
their authority and change their hearts… and that was about as far as we got. Other than that,
everything else was a gigantic question mark. We were really just making it up on the fly.”
Ritsuka blinked multiple times. “You were… what?” she stammered. “With everything you
guys pulled off? Unless you guys were the luckiest bunch of people on the planet, that seems
a bit unlikely.”
The Phantom Thief laughed. “In a way, you’re right,” he agreed wholeheartedly. “We were
the luckiest people on the planet, because we soon had two more people join us: Makoto and
Futaba. Makoto was the brains of many of our operations – she took any intel we collected,
be it maps, enemies, or our targets, and compiled a lot of our plans. She also made sure we
stayed on top of our schoolwork and other aspects as well; it wouldn’t exactly do for the
Phantom Thieves to flunk school either.”
“She sounded like your mom,” the redhead remarked.
“She was the student council president,” Ren replied. “So… yeah, close enough.” They both
shared a small laugh at the joke. “As for Futaba, she was a complete genius when it came to
computers. Hacking, info gathering, data mining – you name it, she’s got it. She was our
navigator whenever we went on our heists; she never directly took the field with us, but she
was always in the wings, providing intel about the area, any traps, enemies, and of course,
powering us up by hacking into the Metaverse itself.”

Ritsuka’s mouth dropped slightly open. “I’m sorry, she… what?” she stuttered in utter shock.
“Exactly what I said,” the Phantom Thief confirmed with a grin. “Her navigational abilities
made sure we didn’t get in over our heads or ambushed. Did she directly fight with us? No.
But without her, we would’ve failed probably a hundred times over – and I probably
wouldn’t even be here right now. I’m great at plunging right into the fray and directing
Servants in a fight, but that also means someone needs to stay back and keep an eye on
everything else.”
The redhead gulped. “But…” she whispered. “I’m not like them. I-I can’t hack or power you
guys up. O-or come up with strategies that, you know, actually work. I’m just… well me.”
Ren nodded. “Yes, you are,” he agreed. “You’re Ritsuka Fujimaru, the person who beat
Caesar in Gaul – one of the most prolific emperors of the Roman Empire. Yes, he likely was
trying to lose, but it was already clear that he was at the very edge of winning anyway, yet
you were the one who managed to secure victory. And you’re also the person who
masterminded the plan for the URE capital with honestly miraculously few casualties. Yes,
we lost two Servants, but we also kept Nero and the Roman army safe and sound, ready to
fight another day. I can do a lot, Ritsu, but that? I don’t think I could’ve done any better.
Those were your victories, without a doubt. No more, and definitely no less.”
Ritsuka could only look down, wrestling with what he said. It was all true, yet everything
within her was trying to find objections to it. Before she could make up her mind, a motion
drew her attention – and her eyes widened as Ren wrapped his arms around her. “You did
great, Ritsuka,” he murmured softly. “And you’re gonna do even better. Everyone believes in
you – including me.” He smirked slightly. “After all, you just had your maiden voyage,
captain. There’s many more to go after.”
The hug surprised the redhead. When was the last time she got an unprompted hug? She
couldn’t even remember anymore. It must have been years ago at this point, before her
closest friends got adopted. She pretty much had to request hugs all the time, even making up
the stupidest of reasons for them – and thanks to her constant rehearsals, they worked. But
having a hug like this was just completely different for reasons she couldn’t find the words
for.
Still, that last line was so cheesy and forced that despite everything, Ritsuka couldn’t help but
chuckle. His words were comforting to hear, and she felt her own heart lighten a bit. “You are
such a dork, Ren,” she murmured with a smile as she hugged back, tears streaming from her
eyes. His hug was tight and warm. If there was a physical definition of ‘safety’, this was it.
She truly didn’t want to let go.
“An astute observation, captain,” Ren remarked with a grin, causing Ritsuka to chuckle
again. First things first – once he let go, she polished off her curry and coffee before talking
with Ren to the kitchen to wash them. Next time, she would have to come earlier so she could
have seconds or perhaps thirds.
After all, they were absolutely delicious.

Just as a king had their castle and a general their fortress, so too did a magus have their
workshop. Though more limited in scale, their domain was also utterly absolute. It was a
place where they conducted research, consolidated their resources, performed experiments,
and created wondrous items both mundane and fantastical. A treasure trove of knowledge and
materials alike, it was permeated with the mysteries of the owner and armed with myriad
defenses to keep out any unwanted intruders. So it was with Da Vinci, who kept her
inventions and projects under lock and key, only to be shared with trusted individuals – and
so it was with Medea, who showed her work to no one.
Warm, orange light glinted off the Witch’s light-blue hair as she pored over the notes of her
most recent project. It had been child’s play converting her bedroom into a workshop for her
own use: A couple bounded fields, a few illusion spells, and some alteration to the furniture
to make it suitable for her own use. Whatever tools she needed, she could simply create as
necessary. Such a thing was easily within her abilities.
The room was now considerably different from its initial appearance: It was far bigger than it
seemed, enclosed securely with stone and marble. Tables with stacks of papers and notes as
well as various catalysts and items sat awaiting her attention as shelves filled with reagents,
records, and tomes lined the walls. At the center of the room was a magic circle that glowed
with arcane power, ready for whatever mystery she needed to enact. The room was lit up with
glowing, orange crystals, giving off a dim yet usable lighting.
She hadn’t made the acquaintance of her fellow Servants or her Masters yet, but she was in
no rush to. The other Servants didn’t trust her, which was understandable. The King of
Knights was here as well. Even in her anger her beauty was almost blinding, but Medea knew
well enough that there was no love lost between them. They may be allies here but only
begrudgingly. They could work together so long as there were no provocations, but that was
the extent of it.
As for her Masters, the redheaded girl and that catlike being were mildly intriguing. They
were only children at most tossed straight into a war. As cold as she might be, even she was
unamused by the circumstances. As their Servant, she would have to keep an eye out for
them and see to their safety. So long as they didn’t prove utterly inhuman like that magus that
summoned her in the Fifth War, then she would do her utmost to bring them victory.
But that young man – Ren Amamiya, was it? She would keep her distance. She didn’t need
yet another person who would exploit her and any others for all their worth, then toss her
away like so much trash once she proved to be expendable. If he proved to be such a man,
then she would take matters into her own hands. For now, she would observe. Perhaps he
would be better than Jason, perhaps worse. Only time would tell.
The panel lit up and rang, catching Medea’s attention. She hadn’t extended any of her
bounded fields outside of her room for the sake of politeness and security or she would
immediately know who was outside. Thus, she kept the contraption Chaldea used to see to
guests. She slipped her hood back over her head, concealing her face in shadow. With a wave
of her hand, her workshop shimmered then took on the guise of a standard bedroom once
more. It was nothing more than an illusion spell, but it more often than not served her well.

Walking over, she tapped on the panel – and the display showed an empty hallway. She
frowned in consternation, wondering if it was some sort of prank, before the large head of
Morgana popped up from below and vanished just as quickly.
“Medea!” he called out as kept trying to jump into view. “Wanted to – check with you –
about something! Thought – you might – know – something we – have!”
The Caster blinked in surprise. She was being requested for assistance this early? Her
curiosity was piqued though hopefully it wasn’t anything troublesome. As for the ridiculous
sight of Morgana constantly hopping up and down… she decided to ignore it for now. She
had seen many stranger things in her lifetime. A smaller being hopping about to catch her
attention like that was hardly worth noting.
“I shall assist how I can,” she replied. With that, she turned off the panel and opened the door.
Stepping out, she closed it behind her. Illusion spell or not, she wasn’t about to let anyone so
much as peer into her room without her permission. “How may I help you, Master?” she
inquired as she looked down at Morgana.
Morgana looked up at the Caster with a frown. “That was quick,” he noted. “Were you
keeping an eye out for intruders already? You seem to move awfully fast after just getting
here.”
The questions caught Medea slightly off guard, then she inwardly smiled bitterly. So, it
seemed at least one of her Masters didn’t trust her in the slightest and made no effort to
disguise it. She could understand that, especially given the Lancer’s warning. If anything, it
was rather refreshing: Too often had she dealt with two-faced snakes that praised her in the
open while plotting a dagger in her back. At least with this catlike Master, what she saw was
what she got.
Still, her composure didn’t slip in the slightest. “I was merely unoccupied at the time when
you called,” she answered calmly. “Now, I believe you had something that required my
attention?”
The catlike frowned a bit more deeply, then nodded. He reached into his pouch and pulled out
a small cloth bag. “We found this in the last singularity,” he explained as Medea leaned down
to take it from his paws. “It was locked up in a chest like it was some sort of treasure. We
also encountered a chimera there though we have no clue whether it was there to actually
guard the chest or we were just really unlucky. Either way, it feels kinda weird for people to
just stuff this in a chest on a deserted island, so I decided to keep it with me just in case.”
The Caster weighed the bag carefully in her hand. “And may I ask why you thought to bring
it to me?” she inquired, slowly opening the bag.
The catlike being shrugged. “We found it on one of the islands of the Mediterranean,” he
answered. “And as a Greek Caster, you probably would have more knowledge of local flora
than most. I tried asking Medusa, but she had no clue what it was. I’m just hoping it’s
something worthwhile – she got hurt by that chimera when we tried to retrieve it.”
Medea froze. “Medusa?” she asked. “She’s here as well?”

The reaction caught Morgana by surprise. “Er, yeah, she is,” he replied, slightly nonplussed.
“She’s been really helpful with our work so we’re glad to have her. Do you have personal
history with her as well?” Maybe he needed to check in with Medusa about Medea as well.
The more he knew about her, the better prepared he would be.
The Witch was quiet for a moment, then shook her head. “Not personal history, no,” she
murmured as she looked into the bag. Medusa and her never encountered one another during
the Grail War, though they were both aware of one another. In a way, the two of them were
peers: Greek Servants that had a history of being toyed with by the gods. Athena with
Medusa, and Aphrodite with herself. There was also Heracles as Berserker as well. She was
thankful she never encountered him; it would have likely taken all her resources then to
oppose him and even then, it might not have been enough.
Discarding the thought, she gently plucked out a seed from within the sack. The seed looked
familiar to her, but it was better to be safe than sorry. Whispering an aria in a tongue now
unspeakable and unlearnable by modern humanity, she grasped the structure of the seed. She
also checked for traps, just in case – it couldn’t hurt to be careful, considering the
circumstances her Master found these. “Curious,” she murmured. “Very curious.”
The catlike being’s ears perked up. “You got something?” he asked.
Medea nodded. “These are seeds of a plant native to my land: Silphium,” she explained.
“They were utilized for many purposes: Seasoning, perfume, and as medicine. This particular
strain is rather unique as well – as it comes from the Age of the Gods, its effects are
considerably more pronounced. It seems it was also bred to concentrate its qualities,
rendering it surprisingly potent. This is indeed quite the find, Master.”
Morgana blinked multiple times at the news. “So… these seeds are actually a treasure,” he
summed it up before sighing in relief. “That’s great to hear. Honestly, I’d be even angrier if
Medusa got hurt for some garden-variety seeds.”
The Caster noted Morgana’s priority. “You were concerned more about the welfare of your
Servant?” she questioned. “I would argue that seeds of this quality are worth the trade of one
Servant compared to the benefits you would reap if these were cultivated properly. Our lives
are considerably more ephemeral after all, especially in the face of such a prize.”
That caused Morgana to bristle. “That’s never gonna happen,” he snapped, glaring up at the
Witch. “Yeah, these may be miracle seeds, but no treasure is worth easily tossing away the
life of a trusted comrade and friend! Not if we have anything to say about it! Honestly, you
guys value your lives way too lightly! I’m not gonna let you guys die if I can help it, and
neither will anyone else here!”
Medea could only stare down at Morgana silently, her face impassive. Servants were nothing
more than familiars. Incredibly powerful ones but familiars nevertheless, made to serve a
purpose and no more. That was the mindset most magi had about them. To see someone
arguing so passionately and genuinely against that – especially when they had such a prize
right in front of them – was certainly a change. Some would argue it was foolish. Others
would argue that it made them kind. As for which camp the Caster fell in… she wasn’t sure.

‘The Masters are good kids – they’ll treat you right.’
Cu Chulainn’s words echoed in her mind. Still, everything Morgana said so far was only
words. Jason spoke much and promised even more, yet in the end he had taken everything
from her. “I see,” she murmured. “If that’s your priority, then I shall keep that in mind.” She
dropped the seed back in the sack and moved to hand them back to Morgana.
Morgana glanced up at the sack, then back at the Caster. “Actually,” he said. “Do you think
you’ll be able to grow and cultivate these seeds?”
The Caster blinked in surprise. She went over the conditions to properly grow them in her
mind. “I will have to consult with some of my notes, but it should be possible,” she slowly
replied. “Do you wish for me to try?”
The catlike being nodded. “If you could,” he confirmed. “It’s better than having it sit around
and collecting dust. We might be able to make something out of it – either as medicine or as
something Ren could use for food. Either way, it’ll at least make that little trip worth it.”
Medea was quiet for a moment as she stared at the bag of seeds. “You would trust me with
these seeds?” she asked quietly. “I have told you that these are quite the treasure, and you are
aware of Lancer’s warning about me. For all you know, I could be lying to you or perhaps
could use them for my own ends. I trust you are aware of this, Master. With that in mind, do
you still wish to give me these seeds?”
Morgana blinked in surprise at the inquiry. He was being tested here, to see what his
intentions were and if he was truly that naïve. Plus, she did have a point: With what Cu had
said earlier, he would be foolish to trust such a thing to her. However…
“You answered our summoning because you agreed with our goal here,” Morgana answered
bluntly. “To help save humanity. Cu did say you may be scheming something and he may be
right. However, I learned a lot from people around me, especially from Ren. And sometimes,
in order to foster trust, you have to show trust first. This is my way of showing that to you,
Medea. Do you have any problems with that?”
Trust… That was a word with no small number of connotations for her. It wasn’t something
to bandy about lightly, not for her. Nor, as she looked in Morgana’s determined gaze, for her
Master either. These seeds were a form of contract between them: He would trust her with
such a valuable resource, and she in turn wouldn’t abuse it for her own ends. It was certainly
a curious start to their partnership, but one that intrigued her. At the very least, she would see
it through.
“Very well, Master,” she agreed, closing her hands around the small bag. “I shall respond to
your trust and will inform you of the results should they bear fruit. They should be
promising.”
The catlike being nodded, his posture relaxing slightly. “I look forward to it,” he agreed. “If
that’s the case, then I’ll leave you to it. Also, lunch is about an hour away. You haven’t tried
Ren’s curry and coffee yet either, right? You gotta try them, no ifs, ands, or buts – and

especially no excuse that Servants don’t need sustenance. I don’t wanna hear it! You’re eating
with everyone else and that’s that!”
The sudden sharpness of Morgana’s tone caught the Caster off guard. “Of course, Master,”
she replied, slightly nonplussed.
Morgana smiled and nodded. “Good,” he replied, satisfied. “In that case, I’ll see you later,
Medea!” With that, he walked off, leaving the Caster mildly confused as she quietly stepped
back into her room. The illusion spell vanished once the door closed, revealing her workshop
once more. She looked down at the bag of seeds in her hand… and quietly chuckled.
It seemed she had at least one rather unique Master. It seems they would get along just fine.
“How long am I going to have to wait?! I think I have been patient for more than a
reasonable amount of time, but this is getting to be my limit!”
“I believe your steak is more than ready at this point. Fiddling with it on your plate won’t
make it any better.”
“That’s not what I’m talking about!”
Elizabeth glared at Archer from her seat across the counter. In front of her was a steak,
cooked very rare according to her specifications with salad, as well as a glass of wine. Aside
from the usual robotic assistants, they were alone in the cafeteria. “Puppy has promised he’d
be my manager!” she whined. “But ever since he came back from that Roman singularity,
he’s been running everywhere else and not fulfilling my promise! I can barely even get a word
in before he’s dashed off someplace else!”
“It would seem our Master has more pressing obligations,” the red-mantled hero noted,
barely able to keep the snark out of his voice. He had been on kitchen duty when Elizabeth
stormed in for food, demanding something to sate her appetite and calm her down. And
apparently, that involved a well-cooked steak and wine. Admittedly he wasn’t used to
cooking one so rare the thing practically bled every time the idol petulantly stabbed it with
her fork but so far, his cooking had not been one of her complaints.
Unfortunately, it also meant he couldn’t easily escape.
The Lancer glared up at Archer. “And what would be more pressing than fulfilling a promise
to me?!” she screeched. “I am an upcoming idol! If I let myself sit for too long, I’ll stagnate!
I need something new, something fresh! Something to really make everything I am shine like
a diamond! And he’s! Not! Helping!” She cut a chunk of the steak out and shoved it into her
mouth angrily, silently glaring at the meat like it was responsible for all the evils in the world.
“How is it?” Archer asked in a deadpan tone.
Elizabeth finished with her mouthful first before gently wiping away her mouth with a
napkin. “It’s delicious, Archer, thank you,” she quickly complimented. She hadn’t forgotten
her manners as a countess despite everything. “Anyway, he even had the temerity to kiss up

to that emperor! A mere emperor, instead of an idol! An emperor’s influence only covers
their empire. An idol can cover the entire world! Or rather, it will! And yet he doesn’t see
that!”
“Who would you even sing to right now anyway?” the red-mantled hero asked, crossing his
arms and frowning. “I’m not sure if you’re aware but Chaldea doesn’t have the biggest
audience right now, nor can we send any broadcasts out. There’s really nothing conducive to
your idol activities at the moment, except maybe the singularities – and I’m not sure you’ll
find a receptive audience there.”
The would-be idol scoffed disdainfully. “That shows what you know, Archer,” she shot back.
“So long as there is an audience, an idol is always an idol. And even without an audience,
there is much to be done: Songs to create and practice, dances to memorize and rehearse,
venues to scout out and secure. And that’s not including any personal projects or interests I
would wish to get into as well! There may not be much of an audience here, but there is still
so much I have to do! But that’s not enough – I need to take things to the next level! Ugh,
he’s not even cute enough to warrant being a puppy anymore! He’s… he’s… a raven!”
Archer could only sigh inwardly as he kept working on his escape plan – until the cafeteria
doors opening caught his attention. Joan walked in, looking as surly as she always did. Guess
the Roman singularity and the talk she had with Ren didn’t exactly improve her mood. Or she
was simply like this all the time. He was more inclined to believe the latter at this point.
“Welcome back,” he greeted as Elizabeth glanced over to see who he was talking to. “The
usual?”
Joan looked up at Archer, then nodded. “Yeah, that’d be good,” she sighed before sitting at
the counter a chair away from Elizabeth.
The former countess blinked owlishly. “The usual?” she asked. She tried to imagine what
someone as dark and broody as Joan would eat. Completely burnt steak with a side of… ash?
Well, no, that’d be too much, but she didn’t know a huge number of ‘dark’ foods. Actually,
she really couldn’t guess what Joan’s diet would even be. What does someone like her eat
anyway?
Glancing up, Joan shot a half-hearted scowl. “Not your business,” she growled before turning
away.
“Oatmeal with some bread and cheese,” Archer replied for her without missing a beat. “As
well as some milk if she’s feeling particularly adventurous. She hasn’t varied her orders much
save for maybe Ren’s curry on the occasional blue moon.”
Joan’s mouth fell slightly open before scowling fiercely. “Hey!” she barked.
Elizabeth’s eyes widened. “That’s… your usual?” she spluttered. “That’s all you eat?! No.
No! I refuse to eat with someone who eats like the common rabble! Especially if they have
never tried fine dining before!” Joan whirled around on the idol and was about to unleash a
torrent of rage when the idol called out, “Archer! Give her the same as what I have!”

That caught the former doppelganger by surprise. “Wha- I don’t want what you have!” she
cried. “Just give me my usual, Archer! Ignore her!”
The former countess eyed Joan dismissively. “If your peasant fare is what satisfies you in the
end, fine,” she stated. “However, I refuse to eat beside someone who hasn’t at least tried fine
cuisine and spoiled their palette a bit. And as you can see, I am still dining here at the
moment, so if you insist on staying here, I must insist you at least try.”
“It would be a good change of pace for you,” Archer spoke up with a hint of a smirk.
“Nothing wrong with trying something a bit different, especially when someone else is
insisting so fiercely.”
Joan glared between the two of them and was about to argue when her stomach started
rumbling loud enough for everyone to hear. She could only sigh in frustration. “Fine, fine!”
the former doppelganger snapped. “I’ll try it, okay? Happy?”
Elizabeth nodded in satisfaction. “Much,” she replied. “Be honored, for you shall experience
for yourself what a noble dines on!”
“Nobody asked,” Joan grumbled as she rested her head on her hand in exasperation.
Meanwhile, Archer had stepped away and walked into the storeroom to grab the ingredients
to make the dish, leaving the two of them alone. The cafeteria was quiet save for the hiss of
the air conditioning and the occasional quiet whirrs and buzzing of the robots. She looked
over – and saw Elizabeth was observing her. “What?” she snapped.
“You’re a lot different than I expected,” Elizabeth replied. “I thought you’d be spitting fire
and brimstone if something doesn’t go your way. That’s what you did back then when we saw
you, anyway.”
The former doppelganger scowled. “Sorry to disappoint you,” she growled. “But I’ve had a
change of heart – literally and figuratively at this point. Besides, that ‘fire and brimstone’
hurt way too many people. I’m not letting that happen again.” With that, she turned away
with a huff. As much as she didn’t want to admit it, perhaps Archer had a point – it would be
a good idea to try something new. She just wished it wasn’t Elizabeth’s suggestion.
Still, she remembered the advice Ren gave: Talking to different people, see their perspectives,
and go from there. He had recommended Jeanne at first and while it didn’t precisely point her
in a direction, it at least gave her some grounding to work with. However, that wasn’t nearly
enough for her to push forward. She glanced over at Elizabeth. The infamous countess of
blood, now an idol…
Perhaps it was a fools’ errand, but maybe it would bear some sort of fruit. It wasn’t like she
had any better ideas. “So, why an idol?” she asked. “It’s a rather huge jump from what you
were before: a countess. Walk me through it – why’d you choose such a weird path?”
The former countess blinked at Joan in surprise, then turned back to cut a piece of steak. For
an instant, she looked far older and mature than her appearance implied. “There were a lot of
things I was considered back then,” she muttered. “A monster, a vampire, a tyrant. Hmph!

Everyone speaks a different tale yet it all leads to the same conclusion. That’s how I’ve been
written down and that’s what everyone knows.”
Joan frowned but waited for her to get to the point. Despite her impatience, however, she was
listening closely. Elizabeth Bathory… she would have to make a note to research her legend
later. Maybe they had something in common, maybe they didn’t. But for now, it may be a
good idea to pay attention to her experiences and mindset. Maybe she could glean an answer
from someone who had been known as the Countess of Blood.
Elizabeth observed her closely. “You’re trying to handle what you did before, aren’t you?”
she pointed out. “Acting all grumpy and surly isn’t gonna do you any favors. You gotta do
different things, see what catches your eye! And just as importantly, remember what you
don’t want! For me, that’s why I wanna be an idol! To be known and loved by everyone is my
dream!”
The former doppelganger could only blink multiple times. To be known and loved by
everyone? That was… certainly a different goal than she expected from her. Anyone who was
fine with draining the blood of maidens to rejuvenate themselves would be hated to the ends
of the earth. It was a selfish goal without a doubt, but in an entirely different direction
compared to how she had been in life. “To be known and loved by everyone, huh…?” she
mused to herself.
The former countess scowled. “Now you’re just copying me,” she snapped. “So you’re gonna
have to find your own! You have regrets? Then turn them into your dreams! And if you have
dreams, turn them into goals! That’s what I’m doing! And I’ll drag that Raven with me by the
ear to fulfill his promise if I have to-!“
“Raven?” the former doppelganger questioned.
“Yeah, our Master!” Elizabeth clarified. “The guy who’s not a cat?”
That could only mean Ren. But still, her words for some reason resonated with Joan, more
than she expected. Turn regrets into dreams, then dreams into goals. It sounded like some
idealistic self-help bullcrap, but even she couldn’t deny it had a bit of merit. She had many
regrets over what she had done and pondered long and hard how to fix it. Would it be
possible to perhaps use that as a springboard as to how she wanted to live her own life?
She glanced over at Elizabeth, who was currently expounding on the virtues of being an idol.
If her past was as grim as she implied it was, then that was one example. She had used her
regrets and converted them into her goal of being an idol. On the surface it seemed utterly
ridiculous (and it still was), but there wasn’t a doubt that Elizabeth was burning a path toward
it, come hell or high water. Would she be able to find a similar goal? Would she succeed? Did
she even deserve such a dream?
It seemed this nonsensical conversation left her with more to think about. “You keep talking
about ‘idol this, idol that’,” Joan growled, interrupting the former countess’s speech. “Are
you even able to sing well?”

Elizabeth scowled. “Are you underestimating me?” she snapped as she stood up. “Prepare
yourself then for a special performance, from your soon-to-be everyone’s favorite idol, Elichan!” Joan blinked in surprise, heard a crashing sound, and saw Archer for a split second
paling in horror before diving straight back into the storage room. The former doppelganger’s
eyes widened as she whirled back to stop the idol, but it was too late.
“LAAAAAAAA~”
Afterward, Joan could only recall picking herself up from the cafeteria floor, completely
covered in blue scales as she staggered out, her hunger forgotten. On second thought, perhaps
she had nothing to learn from Elizabeth after all. She would have to think about it some more
after the ringing in her ears stopped.
Whenever that might be.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, check the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 100: Judgment
Chapter Summary

The fate of Loki is decided.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Bright sunlight filtered into Da Vinci’s workshop as the quiet sounds of bird song and a
distant crowd flowed in from the simulated windows. Various projects of the genius lay on
countless workbenches, surrounded by notes and schematics readable only by Da Vinci
herself. The Uomo Universale wasn’t like most Casters who kept many of their secrets under
lock and key – rather, they were quite proud to show them off, as the process was just as
important as the finished result.
And as a Caster’s workshop, it also meant that no one could intrude or eavesdrop on anything
within should she not wish for it.
Ren sipped at his coffee as he once more sat at the small round table where he delivered his
debriefing after Orleans. With him were Roman and Da Vinci herself. The two adults also
had coffees as well, made by Ren at their specific request, and for a while, they simply
enjoyed the brew. After all, it had been a while since any of them had decent coffee while
Ren had been in the Roman singularity.
Finally, the Phantom Thief decided to break the silence and get to the point. “So, what’d you
guys want to talk about?” he asked calmly.
Roman and Da Vinci glanced at each other, then the former sighed. “We wanted to discuss
how to deal with Loki,” he admitted. “Normally, an insubordinate Servant’s fate would be left
to the director’s discretion, regardless of the Master’s wishes. However, with how things are
right now, I don’t believe that would be the right call to make.”
“Someone like Loki is rather unprecedented,” Da Vinci added. Though she was still smiling,
her eyes were hard and serious. “Their abilities are something that cannot be easily
discounted, nor can we easily dismiss their actions, both good and bad. And with how
unstable the current structure of Chaldea is, what we do here most likely set a precedent how
we treat Servants from here on out. It is not a decision to be made lightly.”
The Phantom Thief considered. “So what happens if we decided not to have Loki here?” he
asked. “Do we just send them back to the Throne? How does it work?”
Roman anxiously bit his lip at the question. “Dismissing a Servant isn’t a simple matter as
flipping a switch,” he replied grimly. “We would have to destroy their spirit core in order to

send them back to the Throne. I won’t sugarcoat it: it’s essentially an execution. That’s why
we wanted to talk to you about this before we made any drastic moves. After all, you deserve
to know and it’s not an easy thing to consider.”
Ren nodded with a frown. He should’ve known it wouldn’t be that easy, but as horrifying as
it was, he at least appreciated the honesty. “Thanks for being candid with me,” he replied
earnestly. “And thanks for talking with me about this.” He racked his brain as he
contemplated. Loki wasn’t Akechi, but neither was that completely true either. Whenever the
Avenger got worked up, he could see tiny bits of his rival slip through. They weren’t like ElMelloi – Loki was some combination of the two where it was difficult to tell where one
ended and the other began, if there even was one in the first place.
And that led to a cold, unavoidable conclusion: There’s no way he could make an objective
judgement about this. His lingering sentiments about Akechi interfered far too much for him
to do so. And, thinking pragmatically, he had been the one who chose to bring Loki along –
the responsibility for everything that had happened was easily as much his responsibility as it
is the trickster god’s. The matter at this point was far too out of his hands, and far too large.
Wait…
“A vote…” he quietly mused to himself.
Da Vinci blinked. “I beg your pardon, ragazzo?” she inquired.
The Phantom Thief looked up. “I say we put this to a vote,” he answered more clearly. “This
matter is beyond me or any one of us, at this point, in terms of actions and experience. There
are others who are more objective than us, and more knowledgeable. Plus, we can get some
other opinions while we’re at it. It’s a fairer measure of how to deal with Loki, I think.”
Both adults blinked in surprise, then considered. “In theory, it’s not a bad idea,” Romani
murmured. “But votes can be a divisive matter. And we don’t exactly have the largest number
of people here – it’d be pretty simple if everyone talked to one another to see who voted for
what. If there’s a lot of disagreements, then it could crumble morale and the command
structure in Chaldea.”
Da Vinci tapped her chin. “There was a certain disciplinary protocol,” she recalled. “Where
in order to have a certain motion pass, it must be voted on by an overwhelming majority to
deter dissent. Might we not do the same here? Say, perhaps, two-thirds of the vote? If the
number of votes electing to dismiss Loki reach or surpass that point, then it would mean that
there’s common enough of an opinion that those who disagree may still the accept the
outcome.”
“That’s still going to foster some resentment from the minority,” Ren pointed out.
The genius shrugged. “’A good compromise leaves everyone angry,’ as the saying goes,” she
simply replied as she took another sip of her coffee.
The three considered their options. They couldn’t transfer the decision to anyone else easily,
not without undermining Chaldea’s command structure, nor did they have any better ideas

than the vote. They debated on various different ratios as well for the majority, be it twothirds of the vote, half, or three-quarters. In the end they stayed with two-thirds, as anything
else would either prove inefficient and unlikely or would result in too divisive a split.
“I’ll talk to Ritsu and Morgana,” Ren said as he stood up from the table, collecting the cups.
“And ask them to check in with the Servants and get their opinions. I’ll leave the voting
system to you guys.”
Da Vinci once more smiled. “I’ll be able to whip up something,” she assured him. “It will be
simplicity itself.”
“And thanks for your understanding on this, Ren,” Roman added with a grateful, if
apologetic, smile. “This probably wasn’t an easy call.”
The Phantom Thief gave a strained smile as he shrugged. “I’ve been making plenty of those
lately,” he joked half-heartedly. “What’s one more.” With that, he walked off, balancing
everything as his mind raced a thousand miles. His mind reached out to his Servants. ‘Anyone
know where Ritsu and Morgana are? I need to talk to them.’
An hour or so later, everyone had gathered in the director’s office. Artoria and Archer were
standing nearby while Tamamo sat by the table, pouring out cups of tea. The Caster had set
up talismans around the room that formed a bounded field to prevent eavesdropping, spying,
as well as unneeded intrusion from any Servants. Such precautions were perhaps greater than
necessary, but it was better safe than sorry.
Sitting on the couch cross from Tamamo were Ren, Morgana, Ritsuka, and Mash. The catlike
being held a clipboard and was quietly tallying up the votes and checking the ratio. Ritsuka,
contrary to her usual demeanor, bore a serious expression on her face. Mash looked between
all the various parties in the room, trying to come to a decision herself on what needs to be
done. While she tried to think how her senpai would handle it, she was at a loss this time save
for her own opinion and judgement.
The Phantom Thief, meanwhile, was impassive. His expression showed absolutely nothing as
he simply contemplated. He had his own plans that he had discussed with the others
beforehand, but depending on how things went, they may end up being fruitless. For now, he
simply awaited as an observer – he had far too much of a bias here to properly weigh in, so
he kept quiet.
There was also one more observer to the proceedings: El-Melloi II was currently in a corner,
leaning up against a wall and quietly smoking. Like Ren, he had kept quiet, simply observing
everything and keeping any judgements or opinions to himself. As the one who had suffered
most from Loki, he had every right to be here – and every right to not be, if he so wished. Yet
when consulted about his vote and that they would be discussing what to do with Loki, he
instead asked to participate instead of simply answering.
In the meantime, Roman was at his desk staring intently at his monitor while Da Vinci was
beside him, her usual smile replaced with a serious expression. They had sent out an
electronic anonymous vote throughout Chaldea to weigh in on what was to be done with
Loki. The ballot was simple: An explanation of Loki’s actions (as much as they could

explain) and the aftermath, a vote whether or not Loki should be dismissed, and a textbox to
provide the voter’s reasoning. If the two-thirds majority for his dismissal was reached, then
the Avenger’s fate was sealed.
Ritsuka frowned slightly when the process was all explained to her. “Was this all
communicated to the voters?” she asked.
Da Vinci nodded. “When we wrote it, we had debated whether we should mention it or not
for fear of swaying votes,” the genius replied. “In the end, we believed everyone deserved
transparency on how we would move forward with the procedure. For now, all we can do is
wait and see what the response is.” And so, the voting proceeded apace.
Finally, after a tense few minutes of waiting, Roman breathed a quiet sigh. “The needed
majority hasn’t been reached,” he concluded. “However, it’s by an incredibly small margin.
What about the other Servants? What are their opinions?”
Morgana checked his clipboard. “Also a narrow margin,” he reported, double checking his
math just in case. “Most abstained from voting, either because they couldn’t make up their
minds or feel like they have no right to properly vote. Honestly, not enough people said
anything to make a clear decision.”
“Servants normally do not wish to make such a decision,” Artoria spoke up, catching
Morgana’s attention. “This matter is usually to be decided on a Master’s prerogative – or in
this case, whoever they may answer to in turn. It is unsurprising that would be the result,
though I understand your reasoning and thank you for asking for our opinions and experience
on the matter.” Morgana deflated slightly at the Saber’s explanation but nevertheless gave a
resigned nod.
The doctor ran a hair through his messy orange hair, looking exhausted. “So, it looks like it
falls to us to make the decision,” he concluded in a tired voice. Sitting back in his chair, he
looked around. “What do you guys think? What’s everyone’s call?”
“I believe I had my stance clear,” Tamamo stated curtly as she lowered her cup. “They are far
too dangerous and untrustworthy to keep here. With their abilities, they could easily sow
seeds of discord among both friend and enemy alike. At best they will leave us a much
greater mess to clean up in their wake, and at worst they may very well end up destroying all
of us. No – for our Masters’ safety and for the sake of our goal, they cannot remain here.”
Mash looked about, then took a deep breath. “I believe Loki worked in the best interests of
senpai and our goals,” she spoke up, garnering everyone’s attention. “They had done so out
of a place of concern and anger for him. While I think disciplinary measures should be taken,
we shouldn’t dismiss them so easily. I think they deserve at least another chance.”
“It could also be another chance for them to get up to more trouble,” Archer cautioned. “It is
admirable to continue to trust someone, Mash, but this may be a situation where we may be
rewarded with yet more problems in the future – problems that we may not be able to afford
to handle like in the Roman singularity. Is there a reliable way to limit Loki’s options at
least?”

Ren was quiet as everyone discussed and debated around him. Finally, he looked up. “ElMelloi,” he called out, his voice immediately silencing everyone. “You were one of those
who suffered the most from what Loki had done. What do you think?”
The lord didn’t even glance up as everyone turned towards him. He took the cigarette out and
slowly blew out a long stream of smoke, which vanished once more into nothing as it reached
the invisible filter the man had set up. “What Loki did would be considered reprehensible by
many,” he slowly stated. “And their actions were sloppy. There is no doubt about that.
However, their ability to infiltrate enemy lines and sow discord at a whim is undoubtedly a
major asset – one we would be utterly remiss to neglect or give up.”
“You say that despite what he did to you?” Archer asked with a raised eyebrow.
El-Melloi shrugged, unperturbed. “We were enemies at war,” he replied simply. “While
winning honorably and losing with grace are the most ideal outcomes in battle, reality is
rarely if ever so kind. The Avenger secured you a victory where best case, you would’ve had
to hold out in a torturous siege that rendered you unable to continue your campaign. Could it
have been better done? Yes. But it still doesn’t change what did happen in the end: That they
were the reason you were able to continue marching and eventually succeed.”
Morgana huffed as he crossed his paws. “While I wanna agree, there’s still one huge issue we
have to deal with,” he groused. “How are we gonna handle Loki? We can argue all day about
the usefulness of their abilities and their intentions compared to the chaos they could and
would cause, but how are we supposed to mitigate their actions? They’re not easily
controllable, especially if they could use the Metaverse to slip away at any time they want.”
Ritsuka glanced down at the back of her hand. “Could we use command seals?” she ventured,
though she already knew the answer.
Tamamo shook her head, her ears twitching in frustration. “Loki is a trickster and delighted in
testing their wit,” she retorted. “They’d simply take any orders from a command seal as a
challenge and seek every loophole possible – or more infuriatingly, obey to an obnoxious
degree to hinder all of us in turn.”
The redhead blew out an annoyed breath. “They would do that, wouldn’t they,” she
grumbled. The Caster simply nodded in affirmation.
As everyone debated and discussed how to handle Loki, ranging from assigning Servants as
guard duty, keeping them under watch in Chaldea, or even revisiting utilizing command
seals, Ren pondered. Every action of Loki’s reminded him of something: Akechi’s own Loki
persona. He could never forget how it appeared when Akechi first brought it out: Covered in
dazzling white and black stripes, sitting in mid-air with crossed legs while leaning on one
hand and gesturing with the other. Its very body language conveyed all the scornful mirth the
Servant seemed to have in spades.
That just muddied the question further though: Where did Akechi end and where did Loki
begin, or vice versa? Or was that not even applicable question anymore? “Hey Roman,” Ren
called out, looking over to the doctor. Everyone else broke off their discussion to listen to

what the Phantom Thief had to say. “Refresh my memory – what do we know about the
Avenger class?”
Roman blinked in surprise, then went back to his computer to pull up the database entry. He
frowned in consternation. “Honestly, not much,” he answered. “It’s a theoretical class at best,
even worse than a Ruler. According to what few notes there are, they’re Servants who have
experienced such hatred in their life that their entire focus is on revenge – hence their name.”
“Revenge…” Ren mused. He thought back to Akechi’s whole MO: Working with Shido until
he had the perfect opportunity to drag everything about him straight down to hell. And then
he remembered what he knew about Loki, particularly their imprisonment and their role in
Ragnarok, taking vengeance for the mistreatment of themselves and their treatment. On the
surface it made sense, but his instincts told him he was missing something.
He thought back to the Servants he had met thus far, particularly Cu Chulainn. When they
first met in Fuyuki, he was a Caster. While he was still effective with his staff, he utilized
magecraft a whole lot more. Now as a Lancer, he didn’t think he recalled Cu using anything
besides his spear. Or at least, no outright spells that he used with aplomb as a Caster. If that
was the case, then the conclusion would be that a Servant was defined by their class rather
than the other way around.
And if he went with that theory, then maybe…
“I have an idea,” he spoke up.
Everyone immediately turned their attention to Ren. “What is it, Master?” Artoria asked.
Ren opened his mouth to explain, then thought better of it and shook his head. “Loki’s too
sharp,” he replied. “If I told you guys, they’d immediately catch on that something’s up and it
might ruin everything. The biggest problem right now is that they’re unpredictable, so I’d
rather not have more factors for them to mess with.”
“So what do you require from us?” Tamamo asked, her tail belying her irritation at this entire
plan.
The Phantom Thief gave a tight, humorless smile. “I’ll need one of you guys with me, just in
case,” he answered. “And most of all: No matter what might happen, you have to trust me.”
Ren could practically hear everyone mentally groan in frustration – after all, this was hardly
the first time he asked for such a thing. Archer frowned. “It sounds like you have something
foolish in mind, Master,” he cautioned. “Are you sure about this?”
“It’s the best chance we have,” the Phantom Thief confirmed. “Conventional methods aren’t
going to work with Loki, so I’m going with something a bit riskier.”
El-Melloi gave a brief chuckle. “Confront the orthodox with the unorthodox, and the
unorthodox with the orthodox,” he muttered. “Very well. As you have the most experience in
the matter, leaving it to you seems to be the best option we have. Which one of us will
accompany him?”

“I will take up that duty,” Artoria replied in a tone that brooked no disagreement. “If my
Master is to take such a risk, then it is my duty to ensure his safety and wellbeing as best I
can.” Waver’s expression momentarily pinched as though he bit into something incredibly
bitter, but he mastered his expression within a second and nodded.
“That being said, we will be nearby as well,” Archer pointed out. “It would be idiotic of us to
simply leave you be to undergo said risks by yourself without backup.” Tamamo nodded in
agreement.
Ren grinned. “Wouldn’t dream of it,” he agreed easily. “Thanks for your support, guys.”
“And don’t think you’re leaving me behind!” Morgana cried. “I still got a bone to pick with
Akechi! Even more so now that they’re Loki!”
“I still owe them a punch or three,” Ritsuka muttered.
“I will be coming too, senpai!” Mash piped up as well.
The Phantom Thief blinked in surprise, then chuckled. “Guess we’re bringing everyone
then,” he remarked. He turned to Roman and Da Vinci. “I’ll let you guys know how it goes,”
he assured them. “If you guys are gonna watch, please don’t freak out.”
Roman smiled weakly. “Way too late for that, Ren,” he responded. “Just don’t do anything to
give all of us yet another heart attack.”
“Good luck, ragazzo,” Da Vinci purred with her ever-present warm smile.
Ren nodded in response before turning to the others. “I’ll meet you guys at Loki’s room.”
With that, he walked out. He needed to pick up something first – and if he was right, it would
help resolve the matter once and for all.
Loki yawned as they reclined on their bed. They had been here for some time already – a few
days, in fact. And frankly, they were bored out of their mind. There’s only so much one could
do in their room like this. They tried reading something from the archives but reading on a
computer was far different from reading from a book. Before long, they got so annoyed that
they stopped. There was that pinball game the computer came with that they played to pass
the time. The high score list was now completely packed with their entries. And then there
was Minesweeper.
After a certain point, their warden – that dragonslayer – had to materialize to stop them from
putting a bullet through their computer. It was a simple game of logic and positioning and
numbers and they would not be mocked by that accursed dead smiley face from a simple
children’s gameThey avoided that game afterward.
As for Solitaire… well, they did have some faint impressions of an old movie their host saw
some time ago and was intrigued. But soon they found themselves bored to tears as they tried

to play it. The point was, in the few days they had been here, they had exhausted every single
avenue of entertainment for themselves. All they could do now was await their Masters’
pleasure and judgment. Though they were certainly taking their sweet time.
Just as they were about to ponder another way to perhaps possibly needle their jailer, the door
slid open, and in marched a surprisingly large group: Their Masters, the Shielder, and the
King of Knights. They suspected there were also other Servants probably squatting outside in
the hallway, ready to charge in at a moment’s notice. Siegfried materialized, bowed to the
Masters, and returned to his vigil, his eyes never straying from Loki. Well, at least this
promises to be different – and perhaps even amusing.
“Well, I had a feeling you’d come sooner or later, but I wasn’t expecting a party,” Loki
remarked as they swung their legs over and sat up on their bed with a sardonic grin. “Is it my
birthday? No, no, there’s no cake. Perhaps a group apology? Not nearly contrite enough for
that.” That had both Morgana and Ritsuka all scowling in response. Ah, there was the
response they had wanted, not like the dragonslayer who refused to react no matter what they
had tried.
Though speaking of no reaction, Artoria and Ren looked impassive, the latter simply staring
at the Avenger with an unreadable gaze. That intrigued the trickster god – after all, normally
his Master’s reactions are far better than this. “That only leaves the judgment,” they sighed.
“Are you going to keep me around or may I request a last meal? Oh! Perhaps you might use
some command seals on me! That will certainly be entertaining! I do wonder what kind of
orders you’ve cooked up!”
Unbeknownst to the Avenger, Tamamo, who was right outside, scoffed in smug satisfaction
through the mental connection. Ren had to force himself not to smirk in response. ‘Yeah, you
called it, Tamamo,’ he admitted easily. The sense of satisfaction from her came through
before the mood turned serious once more. “So, how are you enjoying yourself here?” he
asked.
Loki raised an eyebrow. “Oh, I can’t complain,” they replied sardonically. “Drab walls,
mediocre bed, little entertainment and enrichment. Featuring perhaps the single most boring
dragonslayer I have ever encountered. I have to say, bravo for that particular touch – you
truly have thought of everything.”
“Well, we figured it’s probably the best punishment for you,” Ren replied with a simple
shrug. “You did screw up, after all. And since you’re always looking for entertainment, being
bored is the worst thing in the world for you.
The trickster god rolled their eyes dramatically. “Yes, yes, I’m well aware of that,” they
retorted, waving off the comment. “I doubt you came here merely to state the obvious over
and over. What is your point?”
Ren smirked. “Oh, no point,” he replied with a shrug. “I just thought I’d mention the
punishment since normally you’d be neater than this, Akechi.”
The atmosphere in the room dropped a few degrees as it felt like time slowed down. Loki
smiled, but it was thinner this time as their eyes glinted with a dangerous light. “You’re

playing a very dangerous game, Master,” they murmured quietly. “I had thought that you, of
all people, would know better than to call me by that name.”
Ritsuka, Morgana, and Mash looked increasingly alarmed while both Artoria and Siegfried
stood off impassively to the side. As much as they wanted to interfere, they had given Ren
their word to trust him. Ren himself didn’t seem to particularly notice – or care – the change
in the mood, still smirking as his eyes focused on the Avenger. “Sorry, sorry, you’re right,” he
apologized. “I should know better. After all, I’m well aware of how Akechi operates – and I
have to say, you’re pretty third rate. If anything, you’re a considerable downgrade.”
Loki’s eyes narrowed as the air grew even colder. “A considerable downgrade, you call me?”
they hissed. “I was the one who secured you the victory in Massalia when you were all out of
options. I cleaned up after those assassins who were aiming for your life. Were it not for me,
you wouldn’t even be here to mouth off right now. So how about you kindly shut up, show
some gratitude, and piss off before I do it for you?”
The Phantom Thief gave a humorless smirk. “And now you’re resorting to bragging about
what you did like the whole world owes you,” he commented. “Call yourself what you like –
Avenger or Loki or whatever – but in the end, there’s one thing that’s absolutely clear to me:
You’re still the fake Detective Prince, Goro Akechi.”
There was a blur of movement and in the next moment, Loki had their red, serrated blade at
Ren’s throat. The others cried in shock and horror, but Ren shot a quick warning glance for
them to back off. “You are becoming rather cocky for some trash,” the trickster god snarled.
“You think just because you resolved three singularities and have a bunch of Servants
underneath your belt gives you the fucking right to mouth off like that? You are sorely
mistaken.”
Ren looked down at the blade at his throat but didn’t seem too perturbed. “Well?” he asked.
“What’s wrong? You have me dead to rights – something that never happened last time, no
matter how close you got. Go right ahead, Akechi.”
Loki’s glare intensified as their red eyes met the Phantom Thief’s amused, cruel gaze. “What
are you playing at?” they snapped. “You’re no idiot, nor are you suicidal – what’s your goal
here?”
The Phantom Thief sighed dramatically in exasperation. “Looks I have to do everything
myself,” he muttered. Before Loki could question what he meant, Ren grabbed the Avenger’s
blade and yanked it closer to his neck. The edge sliced his skin as rivulets of blood started
flowing down his neck. Ritsuka, Morgana, and Mash cried in surprise as Artoria and
Siegfried began to move, eyes wide in shockBut none moved faster than Loki. With a horrified cry, they immediately threw themselves
back, tearing the blade out of Ren’s grasp as they crashed against the wall. Their sword
dropped from their nerveless hands and clattered to the ground before vanishing in a shower
of golden light. They looked up at Ren, their eyes wide in shock, anger, and fear. “What the
hell do you think you’re doing?!” the Avenger screeched. “What the fuck is wrong with
you?!?”

Ren didn’t respond immediately, wincing as he clenched at his bleeding neck. “Pixie,” he
rasped out. The persona came forth once more and pointed at the Phantom Thief. With a
green glow, his wound sealed itself, causing him to sigh in relief as the pain receded.
“You wanna explain why you gave every one of us a heart attack?” Ritsuka snapped, glaring.
The Phantom Thief briefly glanced over to the others – who looked equal parts incredibly
concerned and angry – before turning back to Loki. “It’s not an easy thing to handle, is it?”
he asked. “Having three identities within yourself all vying for control over your actions.”
Loki frowned in confusion, matched by the others within the room (and the surveilling
Servants who had rushed in in spirit form at the commotion). “Three?” they inquired. “The
hell do you mean by that?”
Ren crossed his arms. “When you were summoned, we thought you were a combination of
your host, Goro Akechi, and yourself – the trickster god Loki. I didn’t question it much at
first: Akechi had… a lot of issues with rage and vengeance, and your myths had you and your
children unjustly treated and imprisoned, with Ragnarok having you lead said children
against the gods as payback.” The Avenger scowled at the statement but for once held their
tongue.
“However, in Septem, you were… uncharacteristically contradictive in your actions,” he
continued. “You looked out for our best interests while at the same time needling and
provoking us. You showed initiative in taking out Alexander and Waver and almost
completely wiped then, yet you were extremely sloppy with the follow-up that put us all in
jeopardy. You claimed to only want entertainment, yet you were always on hand to watch my
back when I was attacked by those assassins and then Alexander.”
“Because you’re the linchpin in everything here,” Loki rasped, seemingly gaining some
semblance of their composure back. “If you failed or died, then that would be that. No more
entertainment – the most I’ve had in centuries.”
“Maybe, but is it really just that?” Ren asked. “It explains some of your actions, but
definitely not all. Your class, Avenger, is defined by hatred and vengeance and yet despite
that, it doesn’t explain how irrational you act at times. I had an inkling, but I needed one
more bit of evidence – evidence you have just provided.”
The trickster god gulped slightly. “And that bit of idiocy proved… what?” they growled.
Ren quietly rubbed at his neck where it had been cut. Despite being healed, he could still feel
the phantom pain. “That you have a third side to you,” he stated. “One that forces you into
irrational acts, one that the other parts of you – Akechi and Loki – try their best to fight off,
but it’s melded so much with the others you can’t even tell anymore. One that, honestly, I
should have expected to persist in some form considering your circumstances.”
“That third side is the persona of Goro Akechi: Loki.”
A silence followed as everyone tried to absorb what Ren just said, to the point one could hear
a pin drop. Finally, Mash spoke up. “Um, senpai, I’m a little confused,” she murmured. Her

voice sounded almost terrifyingly loud in the quiet. “Aren’t the trickster god Loki and the
persona Loki the same thing or being?”
“No,” Ren answered. “At least, not in this case. Akechi had two personas: Robin Hood,
which symbolized his desire for justice and unfulfilled potential, and Loki, the culmination of
his hatred and anger in life. Hence, my conclusion is that the persona – be it traces or even
the persona itself – is influencing their actions, driving them to act irrationally when
normally, they would be a lot more sensible.”
Loki stared at Ren with an unreadable expression, then let out a low chuckle. “And you
figured that out with just that stunt you pulled?” they asked quietly.
“I had my suspicions,” the Phantom Thief replied. “Diving into the Metaverse is one thing,
but forcing psychotic breakdowns on people? That’s pure Loki. Not to mention, how you
acted and body language reminded me a lot of them no matter how I looked at it. I don’t have
complete confirmation or hard info, but it explains everything.”
“Wait, wait, hold on a second,” Morgana spoke up, establishing mental contact with the other
Masters, Mash, and Artoria. “How was that… stunt supposed to prove what you said, Joker?”
“I’ve no doubt Akechi wanted to kill me in life,” Ren replied without hesitation. “But it would
be by his own terms and by his own hands. The actual Loki wouldn’t want to kill me because,
as they said, I’m the primary source of their entertainment. Killing me would be
counterproductive. Because of that, I had to force their hand. The persona Loki would’ve
taken my head off then and there, but the other two? They’d never let that happen.”
A feeling of considerable displeasure emanated from Artoria. “That was an incredibly
dangerous gamble, Master,” she admonished sternly. “Had any of us – especially Loki – had
been even a hair slower, you would be bleeding out on the floor beyond any hope of
recovery.”
“Sorry for scaring you like that, guys,” Ren earnestly apologized. “But I needed Loki’s
genuine reaction. If they got tipped off, then they really would kill me just to spite me.”
“You’re going to pull off something like that again in the future, aren’t you,” Ritsuka asked
rhetorically. Ren could only laugh ruefully as everyone else sighed in exasperation.
The sound of clapping drew everyone’s back attention to Loki. “Bravo, oh bravo,” they cried
sarcastically. “You managed to solve the riddle of what the fuck is wrong with me. Bravo.
And for the grand prize: The question of ‘what are you going to do now?’ You may have
figured me out – in fact, figured out an aspect of me I didn’t even know existed – but you still
haven’t answered that little bit. What’s it going to be: Keeping someone as unstable as me
around, or a ‘dismissal’?”
Ren turned back to Loki. The others around him very clearly had their own opinions on the
matter, but they kept silent. After all, Ren knew how to deal with Loki better than any of
them – even if it shocked all of them. “Those are the only two options you could think up
of?” he asked. “I thought you were the trickster god Loki – I thought you would’ve had a
third or fourth option available waiting in the wings.”

The Avenger let out a bark of amused laughter. “Fair, but I don’t think you want to hear those
options,” they admitted. “I take it you have something in mind then, Master?”
The Phantom Thief smirked. “Simple: an ongoing competition between us,” he declared.
“Tricks, pranks, games, whatever you and I wish. There are a few conditions, however: this
competition is only between us. No one else can interfere, nor can they be included as
collateral damage. In exchange, on the field, you’ll be the ideal Servant – communication and
coordination with all relevant parties, and any acts of espionage and combat done neatly with
as clean a victory as you can get.”
Loki raised an eyebrow as they crossed their arms. “That’s not much of a deal,” they pointed
out. “It’s incredibly lopsided in your favor – why the hell should I agree to your proposal?”
Ren smirked. “Because I’ll be the only one you’ll have to listen to,” he stated, shocking
everyone around him, the Avenger included. “You don’t have to worry about anyone else or
others’ orders except when we’re on the field. I’ll be the one to keep a rein on you, and in
turn I’ll be the one you turn your fangs on whenever they ache. Doesn’t that sound fun?”
The trickster god was silent for a moment, eyeing Ren warily. “And what,” they whispered.
“Makes you so sure I’ll take this deal?”
“Oh, I’m not offering you a deal, Loki,” the Phantom Thief corrected as he reached into his
pocket. A moment later, he flung something out that slapped against Loki’s chest, surprising
them as they caught it. They looked – and their eyes widened as they saw what was in their
grasp: A familiar black glove.
“It’s a challenge,” Ren concluded with a smirk. He stepped forward until he was face to face,
eye to eye with Loki. “So what do you say, Loki? You are my Servant, and I am your Master
– something we’ll prove to each other again and again. If you want, you’re free to be
‘dismissed’ and run from this.”
The Phantom Thief’s smirk grew wider. “Are you going to run?” he asked.
The room was once more silent as everyone processed Ren’s words. Morgana, Ritsuka, and
Mash only looked at each other with shock while Artoria and Siegfried watched Ren, their
expressions impassive. The Phantom Thief had wrested any and all semblance of control over
Loki away to be the sole one holding the reins, while simultaneously painting a target on his
own back. He had, in essence, exchanged multiple shackles on Loki for a singular strong
bond – but only that one.
To say it was a risky gamble was putting it mildly. All of them would have words with Ren
once it was all over and done with.
The silence was broken by a low chuckle from Loki. It slowly rose in volume until it became
full on laughter, a sound that was hearty, amused, and completely mad all at the same time.
“So that is how you plan to control me!” they cried. “Through the shackles of a rivalry that I
cannot possibly reject, not when there’s so much fun to be had! And you would make
yourself my one and only victim too! This is truly absurd beyond words! So absurd I can
only laugh myself sick!”

Loki looked back at Ren, their mad grin just as wide as the Phantom Thief’s smirk as their
eyes shone red. “Very well,” they replied. “I agree to every one of your terms and conditions,
Ren Amamiya, and I accept your challenge. You had best brace yourself, Master.”
Ren chuckled. “Same to you, Loki,” he replied. “It will be fun seeing what you come up with.
Now, I better report to Roman and Da Vinci. I’ll catch you later – though not too long.”
He turned to leave when Loki spoke up. “Wait,” they stated. Ren stopped and turned back –
and his eyes widened in surprise as the Avenger grasped hold of his face and kissed him full
on, tongue slipping into his own mouth. He could hear the sheer shock from everyone behind
him but at the moment, almost nothing was processing in his head – especially the fact that
he was neither accepting nor resisting. His mind was racing a million kilometers an hour, and
it was going nowhere fast.
Finally, the Avenger broke the kiss and grinned knowingly at their Master. “Careful with your
words and confidence that borders on madness,” they pointed out. “They’ll make any girl fall
for you – and I do enjoy the female form at the moment.”
The Phantom Thief could only blink. Getting kissed by what was the female version of
Akechi was… disconcerting to say the least. He couldn’t do much else but chuckle at the
warning. “I’ll give you this one, Loki,” he admitted. “But you’re not going to catch me off
guard again.”
The Avenger’s grin widened. “So you say,” they simply replied. They watched as everyone
left the room, including their erstwhile warden, leaving them once more alone.
Once the door hiss closed, they laid back down on the bed. The feeling of the kiss still
lingered on their lips. It was rather surprising – they hadn’t expected to be quite so
aggressive, but despite the mess of emotions, they felt… satisfied. The flabbergasted look on
Ren’s face had been beyond priceless. It had been very much worth it.
Taking out the other glove in their breast pocket, the trickster god stared at the now complete
pair they held in their hands. And they laughed. They laughed and laughed and laughed.
Ah, it seemed everything had fallen into place for them after all. This would be spectacularly
amusing.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 101: Visit
Chapter Summary

Infiltrating someone's mind is one thing. Touring it? A different thing entirely.

Chapter Notes

I'd just like to let everyone know that I'm currently doing a rewrite of the earlier
chapters. As of writing only chapter 1 has been rewritten, but please check it out if you
have the time and let me know what you think!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Everything okay, mister?”
“Yeah, just got a lot of stuff to think about is all.”
“Want any more gummy worms?”
“I think I’m fine for now. Thanks though, Jose.”
The Thieves Den had undergone many changes ever since that day. Under Ren’s renovations,
it had become much, much larger. Rather than looking like an art exhibit, it now resembled
more of a museum, with various exhibits lining the walls. The floating platforms and stairs
were still present, but now they were organized in spirals with elevators running down the
middle, with branching staircases leading to multiple floors.
Despite the more formal appearance of the Den, there were still splashes of eccentricity: Red,
zigzagging lines streaked across the Chaldean-style walls, lined with TVs that played his
various memories. The gigantic figures of Yaldabaoth and Adam Kadmon were now both
present, looming over the ‘shattered’ ceiling and posed like they were about to fight one
another. Right below them was the top of the floating staircase, which opened into a gigantic
ring platform. Various lounges dotted the Den now – perfect for playing cards, video games,
or for watching movies on the gigantic TVs.
As for the LeBlanc exhibit, it now had its own dedicated section near the entrance of the Den.
The café had been replicated further, from the booth seats to the entrance, even the upstairs
section which led to Ren’s bedroom. The stairs, however, were sectioned with a small chain
and a sign marked ‘Do Not Enter Without Permission’. While it seemed a bit hypocritical
given the Den was literally his own mindscape, a small private place of his own never hurt

anyone. The place was filled with the scent of coffee and curry, with just the faintest hint of
cigarette smoke as the TV played some comedy routine Ren recalled seeing some time ago.
In the café were only two people at the moment: Ren, who stood behind the counter in a dark
green apron over his clothes, and Jose, who was savoring yet another memory from a shot
glass. The apron was unnecessary considering he couldn’t make a ‘mess’ in the Den unless
he wished for it, but it just felt right. Besides, he had a sneaking suspicion Sojiro would
spontaneously manifest himself to tell him off if he didn’t put it on.
Ren leaned over the counter with his own cup of coffee, staring into it as he pondered. While
he was satisfied with how Loki’s situation was handled, what happened afterward was one
surprise after another. The kiss was the first thing. If the Avenger wanted to take him off
guard, then they had been very successful. He would have to think of some sort of payback,
but the only question was what he would do. Tit for tat might end up in things escalating
beyond what even he could handle.
And then there was the arcana bond that formed. It was another Fool arcana but unlike with
Ritsuka or Joan, this was a Reverse Fool. That had him do a double take when he noticed it.
Every arcana he had so far had been an Upright one and while he was curious about it, he
wouldn’t ignore the dangers a Reversed arcana posed. If he was careless, it might end up
dragging him down as opposed to building him up.
Still, he couldn’t help but inwardly smirk at the thought. What’s life without a few risks? And
he had been taking risks constantly the past year or two now. An arcana wouldn’t have
formed if there wasn’t something to be gained from it. So long as he was on his toes, he
should be fine – and Loki certainly would keep him on his toes whether he liked it or not.
“Do you want anything for this memory, mister?”
Ren paused and looked over at Jose, who was staring inquisitively up at him. He simply
smiled and shook his head. “Not right now,” he replied. “But I’ll put it on your tab.”
Jose nodded as he fished out a tiny notebook from his jacket pocket and wrote it down. The
Phantom Thief had to smile. The kid was incredibly diligent with recording things, whether it
was things he saw and experienced, or keeping a tally of the debt he incurred. He still
remembered the stamp stations at Mementos where he turned them in for further beneficial
‘tweaks’ to the place’s cognition. Jose was a mystery to him, but then so were Igor and
Lavenza. In the end, they trusted him, and he trusted them in turn. That was good enough.
“How’s the drink?” Ren asked. Jose had ordered ‘A Rainy Day in Shibuya’ and he had to
admit, he was curious as to what it was like.
The grey-haired boy glanced up, then beamed. “It’s a very curious drink,” he chirped. “It’s
very mellow, almost watery in a way. But there’s so many different subtle flavors that I can’t
help but want more and more just so I can tell what they are. A bit of bitterness, like plastic.
A bit of what tasted like… sparkle? I don’t know how to describe it. A bit of woodiness as
well. Sometimes I thought I could even taste regular food as well.

Ren smiled. “Sounds about right,” he agreed. Walking through Shibuya during the rain
always was an interesting experience. The sound of rain pattering against his umbrella, the
normal noise of the crowd muted, the hurried footsteps of people running by while holding
backpacks or newspapers over their head, all of which threw into greater relief all the
different shops and restaurants that were more crowded than usual as people took shelter.
He didn’t think he’d recall such days with such clarity, but considering his turbulent life,
maybe that was what made such mundane moments that much more extraordinary for him.
And the mundane moments made the extraordinary even more so. It was all part and parcel –
and frankly, he wouldn’t have it any other way. The only thing he was missing was more
people to share it with, but that would remedy itself in due time.
Suddenly, he felt a presence approaching the Den. Glancing over at Jose, it seems the greyhaired boy noticed it too. “Were you expecting guests, mister?” he asked out of curiosity.
The Phantom Thief homed in on the presence… then smiled happily. “This one, yes,” he
answered. “Come on – I’ll introduce you to meet a good friend of mine.”
Jose blinked in surprise, then grinned broadly. He finished up his drink and hopped off the
stool, making his way to the door with Ren. As they stepped out, he flipped the little sign
hanging on the door to ‘Closed’. Old habits die hard. With that, they stepped into the hallway
that led out of the Den. A glowing door appeared on the far side which swung open, allowing
them through into a void – and where Ren’s guest awaited.
“Hey Mash,” he greeted with a warm smile. “Glad you could make it.”
It had been some time since Mash had been here. Although the void encompassed her, she
didn’t feel nervous at all. If anything, it felt oddly comforting, like she was wandering the
familiar halls of Chaldea. She had been holding off this visit since Ren-senpai seemed
incredibly busy, but she had idly wondered before she went to bed what his mind was like –
and she woke up here. She started musing if she could try going back to sleep when she
sensed a familiar presence behind her.
“ Good evening, Mash Kyrielight,” Arsene greeted cordially with a bow as Mash turned to
face him. “ Or perhaps, more accurately, a pleasure to see you once again.”
Mash bowed back in turn. “Good evening, Mr. Arsene,” she replied. “It’s a pleasure to see
you too. I didn’t expect to be here again, but I hope I’m not a bother.”
The flaming grin on Arsene’s face seemed to widen. “ A guest of my other self is never a
bother,” he reassured her. “ Especially since he has granted you permission. In fact, he will
be delighted to see you. Come, let us go and meet with him.” The Shielder nodded in
response.
They made their way through the void, Mash’s footsteps utterly silent, and soon the cell door
made of light was before them once more. Arsene floated aside, allowing her access. Just as
she was about to approach, however, the door suddenly opened – and Ren stepped through,
followed by a small, grey-haired boy wearing a large white and grey jacket.

“Hey Mash,” Ren greeted with a warm smile. “Glad you could make it. Hope Arsene
remembered his manners.” He shot a jokingly stern glance at his true self.
Arsene laughed heartily. “ What do you think, Mash Kyrielight?” he asked, turning toward
her. “ Have I comported myself as befits a Phantom Thief?”
Mash smiled and bowed once more towards Arsene. “You have been more than courteous
and kind,” she earnestly replied. “I thank you greatly for your hospitality.”
“She seems like a nice person, mister,” Jose commented.
Ren had to chuckle. “She is, and a lot more,” he agreed easily, causing Mash to turn a slight
shade of red. “Mash, this is Jose, a friend of mine. Jose, this is Mash Kyrielight, one of my
closest friends in Chaldea. She’s got my back more times than I can count even in the short
time I’ve been here.”
The Shielder’s mouth dropped slightly open at the description. She expected a simple
introduction but not such glowing praise. She was shaken out of her thoughts when the boy –
Jose – walked up to her. “Hello, Miss Kyrielight!” he greeted cheerfully. “I’ve seen you in the
exhibits in the Den! You look just as noble as how Ren portrays you!”
He held up a hand for her. “A handshake is the normal greeting for humans meeting for the
first time,” he said. “Am I doing this right?”
Mash paused at the question before smiling and taking his hand in her own. “Yes, that is
correct,” she replied kindly. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Jose.” Then she registered the boy’s
words. “But pardon me for asking – what do you mean by ‘exhibits’?”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “Step inside and I’ll show you,” he replied enigmatically. With
a beckoning gesture, he stepped back through the door and disappeared into the red light.
Jose gave her a grin before bouncing back through as well. Mash stared at the door for a
moment, looked over to Arsene who gestured her in, then stepped through as well.
What she saw wasn’t anything she expected whatsoever. The walls were that of Chaldea
but… at the same time not. Especially with the dash of red and video screens running
through. Her footsteps were muffled by the red carpet underneath as she walked through the
hallway behind the two, which opened up into the main area proper: A huge museum-like
looking structure, filled to the brim with so many different kinds of exhibits and wonders that
her mind could barely comprehend what she was seeing.
“Welcome to the Thieves Den, Mash!” Ren introduced, opening his arms in a grand gesture
to show it off. “You came at a great time – I just finished remodeling. There may be one or
two touches I’ll add on later but for the most part, it’s completed. What do you think?”
The Shielder could only look about her in wonder. “This… this is fantastic, senpai,” she
gasped. “I had no idea that your inner self was so… wondrous!”
The Phantom Thief shrugged. “A lot of experiences in the Metaverse, the real world, and in
singularities do that to you,” he explained easily. “Come on, I promised you a tour of the

place, and so I shall. It’s probably not the best idea to look at everything in one go, but I can
at least show you the highlights.”
Mash blinked, then nodded. “O-of course, senpai!” she stammered. “I’ll be in your care!” In
her heart, however, excitement and anticipation began blooming. There were so many sights
and scenes here that she had never witnessed in Chaldea that her curiosity was
overwhelming. She couldn’t even begin to fathom what Ren would consider to be
‘highlights’ but she was more than excited to find out.
With that, they began walking, passing by exhibits with Ren explaining each of them as they
did. Mash could only look about in wonder, marveling at all the different life experiences on
display, with Jose piping up to make an occasional observation or question about humanity.
She knew Ren was her senpai to life, but she had never thought it would be so
comprehensive. There was so much to learn here, so much to discover. And it only made her
more and more painfully aware of the gap between them.
As they passed by a certain exhibit, she slowed down as it caught her eye. Ren and Jose both
noticed and stopped as well. It was the busy street of Shibuya on a sunny afternoon.
“Something caught your eye, Mash?” Ren asked out of curiosity.
The Shielder paused for a moment, then nodded. “I have read and heard about cities before,”
she murmured. “And even seen them in videos. But seeing one in person is something I
haven’t done before. I wonder what they are like is all.”
Ren nodded pensively as he stared at the exhibit. “Let me try something…” he murmured. He
walked forward and to the surprise of the other two, jumped into the exhibit. The Phantom
Thief looked around him for a moment, seemingly concentrating on something, then nodded
with a smile of satisfaction. “Come on in!” he called out, beckoning.
Jose eagerly rushed forward and jumped into the exhibit, leaving Mash standing there
confused. But seeing her senpai’s encouraging smile gave her the drive to walk forward as
well. She stepped up into the exhibit –
And stepped out into the busy city street of Shibuya. Her eyes widened in shock and wonder
as she witnessed everything: People were walking to and fro around her, trying to get to their
destinations, chatting with their friends or associates, or on their phones. The sun shone
overhead, partially blocked by the massive buildings that loomed over them. She could hear
the noises of even greater crowds behind her at the massive street crossing.
“Your cognitive powers have truly grown,” Jose remarked in amazement. “This is truly
impressive!”
Ren shrugged. “It’s a bit of a hack job given it was on such short notice, but it’s the best I can
do at the moment,” he replied, waving off the praise. “But it’ll do for now. So, Mash,
welcome to my little slice of home: Tokyo. Or a small part of it, anyway. What do you
think?”
The Shielder could only look at Ren with pure awe in her eyes. “You made all this, senpai?”
she gasped. “This is truly fantastic! I feel so… tiny next to all of these buildings! And there

are so many people!” One cognitive person bumped into her as they marched by her without
even glancing up or apologizing. “Perhaps a few too many,” she amended sheepishly.
The Phantom Thief couldn’t help but laugh. “You get used to it,” he reassured her. “With how
many people here, bumping into others isn’t all that uncommon, unfortunately. Come on, let
me show you guys a few places around here.” They walked down the street, with Ren
pointing out some innocuous, though interesting to the two, landmarks.
“I worked at that beef bowl place for a while. Met someone who would become a good friend
of mine there. He taught me a lot about how to talk to people and keep my cool, even in the
face of temptation. Last I checked with him, he was elected to the Diet. He’s busier than ever
but always makes time to chat.”
“The Diet?” Mash questioned.
“Japan’s legislative branch of the government,” Jose explained. “They write and debate laws
and policies as well as are the ones who elect the Prime Minister. It’s a pretty big deal to be
elected there. Mister’s connections run rather far and wide.”
“I got pretty lucky in meeting him,” Ren admitted. “But he’s a good guy. He’ll do great.” He
recalled Sae telling him that among all the support to get him released from juvenile hall,
Yoshida had rallied his Diet members together to put on the pressure. Ren had absolutely no
doubt they played a major part on how he managed to get out as early as he did.
He had to smile to himself. If the government were filled with more people like Yoshida and
less people like Shido, people who could reflect upon themselves and become far better for it,
then Japan would be a far greater place.
Mash meanwhile stared at Ren with wide eyes. “You were friends with someone who became
part of the government?” she asked in surprise. “That’s truly impressive, senpai!”
The Phantom Thief smiled. “He was someone who heard me out and had me be his sounding
board and occasional support,” he explained. “In return, he taught me conversational tricks
that he had learned over the years of working in politics. It came in handy no small number
of times, both inside the Metaverse and out.” After the election campaign, he never stopped
checking if Yoshida was on his soapbox giving his speeches in Shibuya. The crossing felt
oddly quiet without his booming voice ringing over the crowd.
They kept walking along the street, with Ren pointing out more landmarks. “That’s the Big
Bang Burger I often visited,” he pointed out. “They run the Big Bang challenge every
evening, where they give you these massive burgers you have to finish in one sitting. It’s
tough going – your jaws get one hell of a workout and it dries your mouth, but every sip of a
drink to fix that also means less room in your stomach for the burger.”
“Did it at least taste good?” Jose asked.
Ren chuckled. “At first,” he admitted. “But after a while, it all starts to taste bland and stale
as you force yourself to keep eating. And there’s three challenges, each with a larger and
larger burger. The last one is pretty much a tower. I don’t think I’ll go for the challenge again

if I don’t have to.” He shuddered at the thought. Just thinking about it made him feel queasy
– he recalled throwing up from the challenge at least once or twice afterward.
“And you did this challenge with your friend…?” Mash asked quietly.
The Phantom Thief blinked, then remembered. “I did, yep,” he replied. “I did all the
challenges solo then thought it’d be fun to see Sumire attempting it. She always had a large
appetite thanks to the calories she burns doing gymnastics. I thought perhaps the Big Bang
burgers might finally prove to be too much for her.” He laughed in reminiscence. “I’m never
challenging her in any eating competitions ever again.”
The Shielder quietly nodded. For some reason, the story sent a painful pang through her heart
– similar to when Nero had kissed Ren, then Loki. She had meant to talk to Ritsuka about it,
but she had been dealing with her own troubles and the doctor had been far too busy. As
much as she wanted to ask her senpai, something told her that he wasn’t the right person to
ask – or rather, it wasn’t the right time. She still had a very long way to go before she would
be able to do so.
But still, it didn’t stop it from hurting.
Ren pointed out a few more locations, like the movie theater and the bookstore, before
turning down an alleyway. It was far more cramped and darker, and even though this was a
cognitive area, Mash couldn’t help but feel a bit on edge. It would be the perfect area to be
ambushed. Thankfully, they didn’t walk far as they stopped at a seedy-looking shop, with a
neon sign, emblazoned with the word ‘Untouchable’.
“And here’s where I got a lot of the equipment for our missions,” the Phantom Thief
explained. “It sells model weapons and military surplus gear. All rather good stuff. It’s also
where I pawned off a lot of the Treasures we managed to steal in Palaces: Gold medals, a
suitcase made of gold, things like that.” Ren blew a slightly irritated breath. “Pretty sure the
owner only gave me a fraction of what they’re worth, but beggars can’t be choosers,” he
grumbled.
Hearing that, Mash took a closer look at the shop. It looked… dingy was probably the best
word she would use. It wasn’t like the far cleaner and brighter shops she saw on Shibuya
proper. The door was made of glass, but when she looked within, she saw nothing but
darkness. “I can’t see anything inside, senpai,” she noted. “Are the lights turned off?”
“Oh, that’s because I haven’t created the interiors yet,” Ren answered, ruefully rubbing the
back of his neck. “This entire Shibuya is something I just cobbled together just now so I
haven’t had a chance to get to the details. Once I have a bit more time and get everything set
up, I’ll give you an inside tour of all these places.”
The Shielder whirled back around, her eyes wide. “Wait,” she said. “Did… did you say you
created all of this just now?”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “You said you wanted to see the city, right?” he replied. “I
wanted to see if that was possible – and lo and behold. I’m still learning to utilize the Thieves

Den to its full capacity so this is pretty surprising. I’ve got a lot to experiment and do here
and honestly?” His face broke out into an eager grin. “I can’t wait.”
Mash could only stare at Ren for a moment before turning away. Ren-senpai was creating
entire cognitive landscapes from his memory. He had proven time and time again that he was
indeed her senpai in life and the world, but she never expected the gap in experience would
be this enormous.
She looked through the glass door into the shadows beyond. Ren knew precisely what it
looked like within and yet she couldn’t even begin to conceive of the design. There could be
no better metaphor for their gap right now.
Jose tilted his head as he regarded the shop. “I’m guessing you have a personal relationship
with the owner?” he guessed.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “Right in one, Jose,” he confirmed. “He was one of the scariest
guys I’ve met. A single glare from him would send any thug or hoodlum running for cover.
He was blunt and no nonsense when it came to his business and dealing with customers. I’m
not hyperbole either – I was working here at one point when two punks came in. One glare
and him growling ‘get out’ sent them running. I’m still laughing thinking about it.” He
chuckled as he thought back to that time.
When he finished laughing, he smiled warmly. “But in the end, he had another side to him –
one that cared deeply for his son.,” he finished. “Both of them even saw me something as
akin to family. They even gave me a gecko design for a tattoo, something of a family symbol
to them.”
Mash’s eye widened. “You have a tattoo, senpai?” she gasped.
Ren nodded and pointed at his upper arm. “Around here,” he replied. “Mainly so it stays out
of sight unless I want to show it. Japan doesn’t look too kindly on tattoos, and while that
attitude is slowly going away, it’s better safe than sorry. Both the owner and his son agreed,
though they have their tattoos in other locations.”
The grey-haired boy looked contemplative. “Why are tattoos looked down upon?” he
inquired. “Are they not pieces of art using one’s body and skin as a canvas? How is that
different than carrying a drawing or a painting on one’s person and displaying it when
asked?”
The Phantom Thief opened his mouth, closed it, then thought about it. “Hm, if you’re asking
about the difference in art, that’s probably something you might wanna ask Yusuke about,” he
admitted. “He knows more about that than me. But as for why Japan isn’t a fan of tattoos, it’s
because yakuza used to have tattoos to denote their status and their clan. It’s something of an
ingrained cultural phenomenon that you see it everywhere in fiction depicting them.”
Jose blinked at the explanation. “Yakuza?” he echoed. “You mean criminals?”
“Very organized criminals,” Ren corrected. “We haven’t had a lot of dealings with them,
thankfully – and hopefully we can keep it that way.”

Mash looked up at the shop, thoughtful. “Was the owner a yakuza member?” she asked.
Both Ren and Jose immediately looked at Mash in surprise. “How did you come to that
conclusion, Mash?” the Phantom Thief asked, keeping his expression neutral.
“You explained how tattoos were linked to the yakuza and most regular people in your
culture disdain them, correct?” Mash replied. “Since he’s the owner of a business with
weaponry and has a son who is also old enough to get a tattoo, I assume he’s a man with
some experience. And the fact that he’s comfortable enough to suggest such a thing to mark
you as family and a connection means he is used to it as well. You made no mention of him
being a foreigner, so that was the only remaining conclusion.”
Finished, Mash glanced nervously at Ren. “Or am I mistaken?” she asked.
The Phantom Thief just stared at her for a moment, then laughed heartily. “You put together
the pieces incredibly quickly, Mash,” he replied, his eyes glittering with surprise and
amusement. “You’re only slightly off the mark – he’s ex-yakuza. He left that life behind so he
could properly raise his son.” He looked back at the shop with a fond smile. “He was
probably a pretty tough guy in yakuza, but to get out just so he can raise his son right takes
someone even tougher. I have nothing but respect for him for that.”
Mash listened as her senpai talked about the man with such fondness. Ah – that was it. He
already had no small number of connections and friends that stood alongside him. People
who were his senpai just as Ren was hers. There was so much he could learn and gain from
them. Whether it was strength, knowledge, skills, or supplies, they all provided what he
needed and then some.
But her? What did she have? She was a demi-Servant but an incredibly inexperienced one.
Her power and skills could be matched by another Servant if necessary. In terms of
versatility, Ren-senpai with his personas far outstripped her in that regard. There was nothing
she could properly offer, and she wasn’t even sure where to start. Was the gulf in experience
truly that enormous? Would she never be able to stand shoulder to shoulder with him as her
senpai needed?
Then in the end, what could she even do?
“Tough enough to be a criminal, even tougher to leave that behind and do good,” Jose echoed
quietly. “I thought it was easier for humanity to do good than to do bad. Are you telling me
it’s the opposite?”
Ren was quiet for a moment as he considered. “I don’t have an easy answer for that,” he
admitted. “If there was one, then I’m not sure I’d be a Phantom Thief right now.”
Jose frowned in thought. “Every time I learn something new about humanity, the less and less
I understand them,” he murmured as he crossed his arms in bemusement. “This is quite
complex.”
“It is,” the Phantom Thief admitted. “But that’s part of what makes life, well, life. I might as
well show you guys something. I think you guys will find it pretty interesting.” He capped

the last statement off with a small grin.
“Oh, of course, senpai!” Mash hurriedly said. “Please, I’m curious!”
Ren nodded. They walked back to the main street proper – and were greeted by two very odd
figures. In front of them stood a pure white horse with a spiraling horn on its head, red eyes
and a malevolent grin. Riding on the horse was a small, white snowman wearing a blue jester
cap, waving at them. “ Hee-ho!” the snowman cried. “ It isn’t often we have visitors hereho!”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “It isn’t,” he agreed. “But I think you guys will like her. Mash,
these are two of my personas. I think you’ve met Jack Frost before, and this is named
Unicorn – hard to remember, I know.” He gave a small, cheeky grin at the last line as
Unicorn let out an irritated snort. “Jack, Unicorn, this is Mash Kyrielight, one of my closest
friends in Chaldea. Behave yourselves, you two.”
Jack hopped off Unicorn and walked up to Mash. “ Nice to meet you, ho!” he greeted
cheerfully. “ I think we saw each other once or twice while we were back in France! That was
one hee-ckuva fight-ho!”
Mash paused for a second to remember. “Against that Archer Servant and against Carmilla?”
she recalled. “Yes, I remember. You were amazing in that fight, Mr. Jack Frost. Thank you so
much for your help!”
The snowman puffed out his chest. “ That is the power of Jack Frost, hee ho!” he declared
proudly. “ I might not be as strong as my big brothers, but I’ll get there someday! But until
then, I will hee-lp however I can, ho!”
The Shielder smiled in response and bowed to the diminutive persona. “I would be grateful
for your help!” she replied happily. Looking back up, she noticed Unicorn staring at her. The
red eyes and grin were mildly unnerving, but she stepped forward regardless and bowed.
“Um, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Mr. Unicorn!” she said. “I will be relying on
your strength as well!”
The persona said nothing. Instead, it slowly circled Mash, its gaze calm and observing. “ So,”
his voice rang out – a calm, soothing tone which contrasted sharply with his more malevolent
appearance. “ This is the one you have compared to Sumire, correct? I can see the
similarities, and yet the differences are far starker in comparison.”
Mash’s eyes widened as she whirled to face Ren. “You believe me to be similar to your
friend?” she asked in surprise.
Ren smiled sheepishly. “For a bit, yeah,” he admitted. “She called me senpai as well – she
was only a year younger than me in school, after all – so I couldn’t help but make the
comparison. But as Unicorn said, your differences stand out way more.”
The girl paused, her anxiety greater than she could control. “Is that good… or bad?” she
asked tentatively. The question left her lips before she could restrain herself. She was utterly
terrified of the answer at this point, of Ren saying that she wasn’t as good as Sumire. After

all, Sumire was one of his close companions in the outside world. There wouldn’t be any
doubt she wouldn’t be a match for herThe Phantom Thief looked genuinely surprised at the question. “There’s not really a ‘good’
or ‘bad’ here,” he replied. “I appreciated her for being Sumire, just as I appreciate you for
being Mash. There’s no other – or better – way for me to put it.”
The Shielder went quiet. Right – perhaps she could have worded that better. Was Sumire
more competent, or were there aspects she could perhaps learn from her and use as a base for
improvement…? Yet each question seemed to loop right back to the same answer he just
gave her: That she wasn’t Sumire. But then, what could she offer…?
“I have something special to show you guys,” Ren spoke up, once more catching Mash’s
attention as Jose tilted his head in curiosity. “Let’s head out. Jack? Unicorn? You guys wanna
come with?”
“ Hee-that sounds like a lot of fun-ho!” the snowman cheered.
“ I am curious myself,” Unicorn replied. “ Lead on, contractor.”
Ren smiled as Jack Frost hopped back on Unicorn’s back (something it looked distinctly
unamused about). In the middle of Shibuya, there was a rectangular portal that led back to the
Den. They all stepped through – and once they were back, the streets of Shibuya had become
nothing more than an exhibit once more.
As they walked through the Den, Mash looked over at the divine beast. “Excuse me, Mr.
Unicorn,” she called over.
Unicorn glanced over. “ What is it, guest of the contractor?” he asked.
“You seem familiar with Sumire,” she noticed. “Have you fought alongside her often?”
The horse-like persona laughed, a sound that was a cross between a human laugh and a
horse’s neigh. “ Ha! Yes, I have fought alongside her a few times,” he answered. “ But it is
more than that, for I belong to the Faith arcana – the same arcana as Sumire. My strength is
dependent on the bond between her and our contractor, and thus I am aware of her and her
power.”
Faith arcana…? Right, Arsene had mentioned it last time she was here. It was one of the
sources of his strength and she had apparently formed one with Ren. “Am I of the Faith
arcana as well, then, given our similarities?” she asked.
“No,” Ren interjected before Unicorn could answer. As Mash looked over in surprise, the
Phantom Thief turned to her. “Your arcana isn’t Faith, Mash. It’s something else entirely –
something I honestly haven’t seen before.” He smiled. “It’s a path that I’m more than curious
about, and I can’t think of a better partner to walk it with.”
“Oh…” Mash replied, surprised. Despite how anxious she felt, she felt mildly reassured.
“Then what arcana am I, senpai?”

The Phantom Thief grinned. “Your arcana is Aeon, Mash,” he explained. “What that means
or what path it is, I honestly have no clue - like I said, I’ve never seen it before. Whenever a
new arcana is opened up, there’s a path or journey you’ll have to take. There’s never a direct
destination or answer, but there’s plenty to guide you and learn on the way. I’ve no clue
where we’ll end up, but it’s usually more than worth it at the end.”
The Shielder frowned in consideration. “Is that how your journey went, senpai?” she asked.
“And everyone else’s?”
Ren nodded. “Through some form or fashion,” he confirmed. “In the end, everyone came to
their own conclusions and answers. I just helped them along the way, and they helped me in
turn.” He stopped in front of one exhibit and nodded toward it. “Something you’re already
more than doing, Mash,” he finished. The girl blinked in confusion, then turned to look at the
exhibit – and her eyes widened in surprise.
The exhibit was that of herself fighting with Leonidas. She was in the air, shield extended and
crashing into the Spartan king as he defended with his own, clearly on the back foot. Her
expression was one of determination, frozen in a war cry that Mash could faintly hear
through her mind. It was rendered with such vivid detail that she was completely at a loss for
words, just staring as a million thoughts raced through her head all at once.
“She looks really noble and brave,” Jose admired.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “Right?” he agreed as he fondly looked at the exhibit. “That duel
with Leonidas was fantastic to behold. Up against a warrior with far more experience and
skill, who was used to killing or being killed, and yet you didn’t even back down for a
second. Instead, you looked for every advantage you could, learned from any and every
mistake, took every opening I could give you, and refused to give up even once. I may have
got your back, Mash, but you were the one on the field facing off directly against him.”
He turned back to Mash, who was still staring at the exhibit, and grinned. “It left quite an
impression on me, to say the least,” he finished. “That and a few others.”
That jolted Mash out of her reverie as she looked over at Ren in surprise. “O… others?” she
echoed.
Ren glanced at the exhibit. It blurred and shifted to become a large metal bridge with a fiery
hellscape in the background. Mash was there, blocking the shadow Assassin’s knives from
overhead after Ren had called out their enemy’s positioning. She recognized this scene: It
was in Fuyuki, when her senpai first became her Master. She had her hands full trying to
defend him from the onslaught of shadow Servants. It had been a desperate situation, yet they
had won.
The exhibit blurred again, and this time it was the frozen streets of Orleans – or more
properly, the Jeanne doppelganger’s Palace. This time, Mash was on the back foot, trying
desperately to defend from the black knight’s wild strikes. Ren, in his Phantom Thief
uniform, was trying to regain his senses as his head bled from the knight’s grip earlier.
Mash’s eyes widened. She had reached him just in time to prevent that knight from killing

her senpai, but she had been close to being overwhelmed. That knight was far stronger and
skilled than she expected. And yet, despite everything, they still won.
The scenery changed once more. This time, it was a simple meadow with a tree, with a
distant town. Mash narrowed her eyes as she tried to recall this scene – especially since this
time, it was absent of any people – then they shot open in realization. It was the outskirts of
Bordeaux, when they had been waiting for Marie to finish scouting out the town. That felt so
long ago.
With a smile, Ren stepped into the exhibit, looked back at everyone else, and beckoned.
Mash and Jose jumped in – and they were in the meadow once more, the fields stretching to
the horizon as the setting sun glittered off the nearby river. Orange rays bathed the landscape
in a fiery light, beautiful yet fleeing. There was no activity from the town, just a soft breeze
that drifted through the land.
The Phantom Thief walked over to the tree and sat down with a satisfied sigh, resting his
head on the trunk. Mash hesitantly stepped forward, then sat beside him as she had done so
before. Jose sat at the tree, but he sat down some distance away instead at Ren’s side, happily
looking up at the evening sky and the leaves above. Unicorn walked in and gently laid down
in the grass with a huff while Jack Frost hopped off with a loud ‘ Hee-ho!’, landed, and began
making dirty angels as the ground around him frosted over.
“Each and every time, Mash,” Ren continued, looking toward the town. “You had my back.
No matter the enemy or the situation. I don’t know what path you’re going to walk, but
you’re more than strong and brave enough for it. And I’ll be doing my best to keep up with
you as you do so.”
Mash hugged her knees to herself. He was right – they had won. Not just because of him, and
not because it was despite her. It was because they had worked together and managed to
overcome such enemies. If either of them had been by themselves, they would have been
overwhelmed in short order. Instead, they had succeeded by covering for each other’s
weaknesses. She knew she still had a long way to go, but perhaps it wasn’t as insurmountable
as she had thought it was.
Still, she didn’t feel content. To match her senpai’s experience and skills, there was much
more she had to learn. But what? Training might be a good start, but it wouldn’t be enough.
She needed to grow – beyond the black knight and Leonidas. Maybe she could ask the
Servants. They might have some advice for her.
Meanwhile, Ren looked over. He knew that look on Mash – he had seen it many times. She
wasn’t satisfied with her current progress and wanted more. He was curious how she would
go about it - Her situation was so far removed from any of his past confidants’ situations that
it was practically an entirely different world.
He slowly breathed out as he closed his eyes. Normally simply being there and giving them
small nudges was enough, but he felt there had to be just a bit more he could do. But what…?
Suddenly, the sound of gentle snores reached his ears. Peering over, Ren saw Jose dozing off
against the tree. Unable to hold a smile, he poked at Mash and pointed. The Shielder blinked

and looked over, then smiled as well at the sight. “He is more adorable than I expected,” she
whispered.
“He’s a good kid,” Ren replied quietly with a smile as he relaxed back on the tree. He thought
about taking a picture of Jose napping but decided not to – he didn’t want to take advantage
of him that way. Then suddenly, he thought upon another idea. “Do you want to take a
picture?” he asked.
Mash looked over at Ren in surprise. “I beg your pardon?” she asked.
Ren smiled. “To commemorate your first time in the Thieves Den,” he explained. “Aside
from Jose, you’ve been the only guest here so far. I think that deserves a little something,
wouldn’t you agree?”
The Shielder took a second to comprehend, then nodded. “Of course, senpai,” she agreed
with a smile.
The Phantom Thief grinned. Sliding out a phone from his pocket, he opened the camera app
and turned it so it was using the forward facing camera. He was in frame but… “Mash, could
you come a bit closer?” he asked. The girl sidled over slightly but she was barely in frame
still. “A bit more,” he said. She slid slightly closer and was still out of frame. Ren was about
to ask her to move yet again when he had another idea – one that would get him a fantastic
picture.
Instead of asking her to move again, he simply reached over, wrapped an arm around her
waist, and pulled her close to him. Mash squeaked in surprise as she was suddenly face to
face with a grinning Ren, her face immediately feeling like someone had set it on fire. He
nodded to the camera. “Say cheese, Mash!” he said cheerfully.
Her thoughts moved a million kilometers a second, distinctly aware of Ren’s arm still around
her. “Ch-cheese!” she stuttered out. With the press of the button, the picture was taken. His
arm withdrew as her senpai looked at the picture. As she tried to recompose herself, she
glanced over curiously. “H-how is the picture?” she asked.
Ren smiled wryly. “I think it turned out pretty well,” he commented. Turning the phone, he
showed the picture to her. The Phantom Thief was smiling as always while Mash was… as
red as a tomato, looking bewildered with the oddest smile on her face from the surprise and
shock.
The girl could only stare at the picture, then turned a half-hearted glare at Ren. “That’s not
fair, senpai,” she muttered. “I wasn’t ready.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled ruefully. “You’re right, sorry,” he apologized. “Wanna take a
better one?”
Mash considered, then nodded. “Please,” she accepted.
He switched it from the gallery to camera mode once more. As the Shielder sidled closer to
him so she could be in frame, she noticed that she wasn’t as shy about approaching him

anymore – at least it wasn’t as embarrassing as when he pulled her in. Did he do that
intentionally? It was her senpai – the question answered itself. She looked back up at the
camera. “Say cheese,” Ren called out.
“Cheese!” Mash repeated with a smile. Once more, Ren took the picture – and grinned.
“Much better,” he remarked. The Shielder checked. It was a simple picture of them smiling
for the camera, with the tree as their backdrop. She had leaned her head closer to him so she
could be in frame, but both of their expressions were quite happy regardless. She could also
see Jose in the background as well, still asleep, while the meadow rolled into the distance
under the light of the setting sun.
“Want this picture in the real world?” Ren asked, looking over at her with a gentle smile.
Mash hesitated, then nodded, smiling back in turn. “I would like that, senpai,” she replied.
Ren nodded as he tucked the phone into his pocket. He was sure he could manifest the picture
out in the Den. “I’ll give it to you once we meet again in the real world. For now… It’s a nice
day.”
She followed his gaze. The setting sun, the personas amusing themselves, the gentle snores of
Jose, the gentle breeze that lightly rustled the grass and flowers around her… and of course,
the content company of her senpai beside her. There was much they all had to do, and not
much time to do it, sure. But for now…
“Yes,” she agreed quietly with a small smile. “Yes it is.”

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story and/or lore, check the Discord! You'll get more
than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 102: Crossroads
Chapter Summary

A few familiar faces appear.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The summoning room was abuzz with activity once again. The Chaldean staff once more
took their stations and began their usual checks. The facility had managed to store up enough
energy for another round of summonings and Da Vinci had managed to triage the necessary
power needed to sustain the Servants, so they decided to proceed. On duty today were
Archer, who was relaxing by the entrance, and Tamamo, who stood nearby watching
everything unfold impassively.
Ren waited near the summoning platform with the others. It hadn’t been all too long since
their last summoning, but the more manpower the better. He idly wondered who they were
going to summon this time around. With Boudica and Waver around, it was likely more
Servants from the Roman singularity were going to show up as well, like Leonidas or
Romulus. They would certainly be incredibly helpful in the days ahead.
He watched impassively as Mash laid her shield down on the platform. He couldn’t help but
wonder if Nero would show as well. She definitely wasn’t the type to miss something like
this if she could help it. “How are we looking, doc?” he called over.
Roman scanned the readings, then nodded. “All good to go!” he replied. “You guys can begin
whenever!”
“Right!” Morgana cried as he walked up first. “In that case, I’m gonna go first!”
Ren and Ritsuka both chuckled. “Hit it, Mona!” the former replied.
The catlike being grinned. Lifting his paw, his command seal began glowing as he recited the
summoning chant. Orbs of light appeared and began orbiting around the spear as rings of
light flashed around the shield. They once again converged into a pillar of light and exploded
with power.
Through the resulting mist, a figure slowly stood up, slowly brushing themselves off. They
stepped forward, revealing an Asian young woman wearing a loose white robe with her black
hair tied up. Her eyes casually observed her surroundings before resting on her Masters, then
smiled. “Jing Ke, Assassin class,” she introduced herself. “I believe I said drinks are on me if
we ever met again, did I not?”

“I’ll pass – bad experiences with alcohol,” Ren responded with a grin. “It’s good to see you
again.”
Jing Ke smiled. “Yes, good to see you-“
Her response was interrupted by Ritsuka bouncing forward and grabbing her hand. “We have
one of the best Assassins in the world with us!” she chirped. “It’s awesome to see you again,
Jing Ke!”
The Assassin hesitated, then grinned. “I thought I told you that I failed in killing my target in
life?” she asked.
“Uh huh,” replied the redhead flatly. “And who was the one who took down Romulus, the
founder of Rome? Hmm?”
Morgana snickered. “She’s got you there,” he pointed out.
Jing Ke stared at Ritsuka, then burst out laughing. “A fair point,” she acceded before looking
over at Ren. “Though that was only because I had a good assistant this time around,” she
added.
The Phantom Thief smiled back and shrugged. “Happy to help,” he replied simply. “Now, we
still have summonings to do. We’ll show you around later, Jing Ke – and yes, that includes
the cafeteria where we store the alcohol.”
The Assassin grinned. “You understand me so well already,” she joked before stepping off
the summoning platform to the other Servants. She looked over at Archer and Tamamo.
“Good to see you both again,” she greeted with a grin.
Archer nodded. “A pleasure to be working with you once more, Jing Ke,” he replied
cordially.
“Likewise,” Tamamo replied. “Mayhaps we might share some sake later? I believe it’s a
drink best enjoyed with some company.”
Jing Ke looked over in surprise, then grinned once more. “All drinks are,” she corrected
happily. “I’m more than happy to join you later, once we’re done with our business.” The
Caster simply smiled and nodded in reply, her ears twitching. She had already dealt with Jing
Ke in the Roman singularity before, but it would be good to evaluate her just in case.
Ritsuka stretched her arms and took a deep breath. “Right,” she murmured to herself before
lifting her own hand. As her command seals glowed, power gathered as the lights appeared
and converged once more into another pillar, unleashing another explosion of power. The
resulting figure stood proud on the summoning platform. Stepping forward, the figure was a
powerfully built man, dressed in gleaming bronze armor. His olive skin contrasted his red,
short-cropped hair as his gazed critically about at his audience. “I am King Leonidas of
Sparta,” he declared. “Lancer class.”

He looked toward the Masters and his stern expression broke into a smile. “I am glad that this
time, we take to the field as allies,” he added. “Well met, my Masters.”
Ren grinned up at the Spartan king. “Well met to you too,” he greeted back. “I don’t have any
tricks for you right now, sorry. Turns out I’m not as good a jester as I thought.”
Leonidas paused in surprise, then laughed loudly. “And yet you have jokes aplenty!” he
boomed. “I will be counting on you once more, Ren Amamiya!” The Phantom Thief nodded
and grinned in response.
“Um…”
Leonidas turned to see a lilac-haired girl approaching him – and his eyes widened. Her
manner of dress was different as well as the air around her, yet he would never be able to
forget her. “Ah, the valiant warrior who faced me,” he remarked, his face once more
spreading into a broad grin. “You named yourself Mash Kyrielight, correct? It is good to see
you once more.”
Mash blinked, then smiled and bowed. “It is good to see you too, sir!” she replied gladly. “I
apologize for the discourtesy I had shown you on the field earlier. I’m glad we can fight
together now instead of being enemies.”
The Spartan king laughed again. “Discourtesy? What do you speak of?” he asked. “That duel
was magnificent, Mash Kyrielight. You had shown your full mettle and strength, taking my
teachings to heart and fighting with everything you had and more. No, you had shown no
discourtesy. In fact, once again I thank you for showing me my time in that singularity was
worthwhile.”
The Shielder looked up in surprise, then smiled brightly. Leonidas had said much the same as
Ren had, and she could only feel honored by the fact. Having said his piece, he stepped off
the summoning platform as well to stand with the Servants, giving them silent nods of
greeting which were returned in kind.
Ren stepped up last. Once more, all eyes were on him to see who he would summon. He
began the ritual once more, leading to yet another pillar of light and explosion. For a
moment, all was silent. Then a loud voice boomed from the mist.
“Umu! You have done well to summon the Flower of Olympia! Gaze upon my presence and
beauty and know that you are blessed with victory to come!”
With a dramatic wave of her hand, the figure waved aside the mist, revealing a shorter,
beautiful young woman. Clothed in a red dress, her golden hair was done up in a bun as she
smiled proudly at her audience. “I am Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus!” she
announced. “I am the finest of classes: Saber! Rejoice and delight, for I am now here!”
“Oh, we already are,” Ren replied with a smirk as he stepped forward. “Welcome to Chaldea,
Nero.”

Nero looked at Ren – and her smile faltered for a split second before she was beaming again.
“I thank you for your welcome,” she replied happily. Looking over, her eyes widened in
surprise as she noticed Tamamo. “Caster?” she gasped. “You are here too?”
Tamamo sighed, her tail flicking in irritation. “Indeed, I am,” she replied. “I had earnestly
hoped you were not summoned with your memories. But evidently that is not the case.”
The emperor scoffed. “It seems you are in the habit of underestimating me once more,” she
retorted as she stepped off the summoning platform. “But there is no good sense trading
barbs here, not when we have other matters at hand. This is not our battlefield – that can
await another time.”
“For once, you speak sense, Saber,” the miko retorted. “It’s good to see you are not entirely
delusional.” Nero simply gave an annoyed glare but otherwise didn’t press her point.
Ritsuka meanwhile had been following the argument by looking back and forth between the
two Servants, much like what everyone else had been doing as if it were a tennis match. “I’m
guessing you two know each other?” she asked.

Nero and Tamamo looked at one another, then sighed aridly. “It is a considerable story that
even I do not wish to recite,” the former replied. “But for now, please show us to our
accommodations. It is best we familiarize ourselves with our new palace before we take to
the field.”
Everyone just looked at one another before quietly moving off. Ren silently stared at Nero,
his grey eyes indecipherable which quickly garnered Nero’s attention. The emperor simply
shook her head in response. “We will speak later,” she murmured so only he would hear.
“There are matters we must discuss.”
Ren simply nodded and followed behind Nero. From Nero’s reaction to when she first saw
him to how she acted… it seemed things were different with her than in the Roman
singularity. At least they could speak about it and see what could be done. He felt a presence
beside him and saw Mash had walked up with a look of concern. “Is everything alright,
senpai?” she asked quietly, glancing at Nero.
The Phantom Thief hesitated, then smiled. “A matter that I’ll be dealing with later,” he
replied honestly. “It shouldn’t be a big deal. But thanks for your concern, Mash. Come on –
we better catch up before they leave us behind.”
Mash hesitantly nodded and followed Ren out of the summoning room. She could only
wonder now: What would happen between senpai and Nero?
“And this is gonna be our last stop for the day: The simulator!”
At Morgana’s announcement, the doors to the simulator opened to the training grounds,
allowing the group to step in. Of the three new Servants that had joined, Jing Ke had broken

off once they hit the cafeteria and began plundering their alcohol stores while Archer stayed
behind to make sure she didn’t drink every single bottle Chaldea had. “While we can
apparently switch it to whatever we want, we normally just keep it to the training grounds,”
the catlike being explained. “Me and Ren drop by here to polish up our skills every once in a
while, and Servants can also have some simulated enemies to fight against too.”
“Umu, what a fantastic place,” Nero marveled. “If it can emulate a training ground, then I
wonder if it can replicate my glorious theater. It may not be quite as grand as the real locale,
admittedly, but it would more than suffice. Hm – yes, I must see if it can be done.
Ren chuckled, trying to keep the nervous tone out of his voice. “I would ask Da Vinci about
that,” he answered. “She knows better than most of us how to utilize the simulator.” He idly
wondered if he could make the theater in the Thieves Den, though that would involve him
knowing the location inside and out. Well, it would be fun to see it in the simulator – Nero’s
musical ‘talents’ notwithstanding.
He glanced over at Nero, who was still looking around the simulator. Though she bore the
same appearance, this Nero just… wasn’t what he expected. It was hard to put his finger on it
or directly address it, but this wasn’t quite the same woman in the Roman singularity. She
seemed more boisterous, happier, and yet more distant from all of them. He could think of a
number of reasons but for now, it was better to observe and work from there than jump to
conclusions.
Meanwhile, Leonidas looked around appreciatively at the training area. “Hm, the conditions
are a bit too pleasant for training,” he observed. “However, it’s open, properly stocked, and
straightforward. Perfect for sparring and drilling. I approve. In fact, it appears to be in use
right now.”
Following the Spartan king’s gaze, they all noticed Boudica in the training grounds fighting
against two werewolves. The beasts circled Boudica, growling as they looked for an opening
as the Rider held her sword and shield at the ready. The group didn’t dare call out or interfere,
not even Nero – whose face had rapidly vacated of color when she laid eyes on the queen –
and instead watched with rapt attention.
A moment passed.
Then another.
Suddenly, the werewolf that was directly behind Boudica charged. Whirling about, the Rider
closed the distance, barely missing its claws, and raised her shield, allowing the beast to crash
chest first. Charging forward to keep it off balance, the warrior queen stabbed upward
through its jaw, the blade sprouting from the top of its head. The werewolf gave a choked
gurgle, then fell still.
The second werewolf chased after her, going on all fours with a snarl. Boudica only took a
moment to glance back at it before pulling her blade out of the first beast, its lifeless body
crashing to the ground as she turned to face her opponent. As it neared, it pounced, flinging
itself into the air with its drooling jaws agape and fangs flashing tear out her throat-

And at the last moment, the Rider dropped, allowing the creature to simply fly right over her.
It spun around to lunge again – only for a shield to be bashed into its open mouth, shattering
several fangs and causing it to reel in rage and pain. Before it could follow up, the warrior
queen closed the distance again and with one smooth motion, pierced through its neck in the
side. With a grunt, she pushed the blade downward, cleaving apart the werewolf’s throat.
Jumping back from its death throes, she watched impassively as it thrashed about, collapsed,
then was still once more.
After making sure both her enemies were dead and there weren’t any more, she let out a long
sigh as her sword and shield vanished in her hand – and was startled by the sound of
delighted clapping. Turning around, she noticed her audience with Ritsuka clapping
enthusiastically and smiled sheepishly. “Were you watching all that?” she asked.
“We were,” Leonidas confirmed with a smile. “That was well fought, queen of the Iceni. I
regret not being able to cross swords with you during our time in the singularity. I believe our
bout would be a good one.”
Boudica chuckled in response. “We’ll have time here, Leonidas of Sparta,” she responded
cordially. “I look forward to seeing how we fare.” She turned to greet the others – and froze.
Among them all was one she hadn’t expected – no. She had seen how the emperor interacted
with the Chaldeans. It had only been a matter of time before she showed up. “Nero,” she
stated, her tone decidedly far colder than before.
At her name, Nero gulped slightly. “Boudica, I-“ she began.
Whatever the emperor wished to say, she didn’t receive the opportunity. The Rider instead
began stalking towards them. Ritsuka and Morgana looked in alarm as Leonidas dropped his
smile, ready to intervene if necessary. Nero looked nervous, staring at Boudica as she crossed
the distance, but regardless stood her ground. Only Ren didn’t do anything, instead
impassively watching everything unfold. The Rider stepped closer and closer…
Then walked right past them, leaving the simulator without another word. The simulator door
hissed shut behind her, leaving them standing there in silence.
Morgana let out a shaky sigh. “Oh boy,” he muttered. He had seen a tiny bit of how Nero and
Boudica interacted in the Roman singularity but he hadn’t expected it to be quite so bad.
“You okay, Nero?” he asked, looking over in concern.
Nero took a deep breath and nodded. “I’m quite fine, Morgana, but thank you,” she
murmured. Taking one last glance at the door, she took a quiet breath to compose herself. It
seemed there was much she had to do here.
“For now, however, I shall take my repose,” she continued, turning back toward them. “I
wish to familiarize myself with the luxuries of Chaldea here, and while plain, it seems there
is plenty to be found here. If you require my beauty and glorious presence, you need but ask.
But for now, I bid you farewell!” With her usual smile, she turned to leave, vanishing into
particles of golden light – though not before meeting Ren’s eyes with a meaningful look.

The catlike being scratched his cheek. “Well, uh…” he stammered. The atmosphere was now
considerably a lot more awkward than any of them planned. “I guess that about does it for the
tour. Do you have any questions or need anything from us, Leonidas? Or…?”
The Spartan king looked thoughtfully toward the training ground. “For now, I shall
familiarize myself with the land here,” he replied. “I will most likely be coming here quite
often. I thank you, Masters, for the tour, and I promise my shield and spear shall be yours if
you need it.”
“We won’t have to come and take them?” Ritsuka asked with a slight snicker.
Leonidas laughed heartily. “That shall not be necessary,” he happily replied. “Though do let
me know if you wish for me to arrange for it.” He clapped the redhead on the back and began
walking off toward the training ground, leaving Ren, Morgana, Ritsuka, and Mash behind.
“Well, that’s that,” Morgana huffed. “What are you guys gonna do?”
“I need to check in with Nero,” Ren replied. “I’ve something I need to talk to her about.”
“You work fast,” Ritsuka remarked with a wry grin.
Ren chuckled. “It’s more business than pleasure, unfortunately,” he easily answered. One
could argue it was both, but considering how the emperor had reacted towards him, it was
something that needed to be settled. He certainly couldn’t miss the glances she had been
giving him suggesting they needed to talk. “What about you guys?”
Mash looked in deep contemplation. “I wish to speak with Leonidas,” she replied. “There is
something I wish to discuss with him about.”
Ritsuka raised her eyebrows at Mash’s initiative but otherwise nodded. “Alright, guess we’re
all doing something,” she commented. “In that case, I’m heading off. See you guys in a bit!”
With that, they all parted in different directions with their own objectives.
Mash traversed the field toward the training grounds, with Leonidas soon coming into view
once more. The Spartan king had donned his bronze helmet and had his shield and spear in
hand, landing swift yet accurate jabs at a wooden dummy. The Shielder watched with rapt
attention at his skillful handling. They were simple drills but to be able to perform them
consistently with strength, speed, and skill was not to be underestimated.
King Leonidas I of Sparta… she read about the man and knew of his legend, especially his
legendary Battle of Thermopylae. He and three hundred Spartan warriors as well as their
Greek allies had fought against the invading Persian army, hundreds of thousands strong and
outnumbering them more than twenty to one. Even if they were ultimately defeated, it set off
the chain of events that would eventually lead to the Persians’ retreat.
As a Shielder, as the protector and partner to her senpai, there could be no better person to
learn from.

As Mash approached, Leonidas glanced over. “Ah, Kyrielight,” he called over in greeting as
he continued with his drills. “Is there something you require of me?”
The Shielder nodded. “There is, Mr. Leonidas,” she replied. She bowed low towards him. “I
would like to be your student!”
Leonidas stopped his training in surprise, turning fully toward Mash. He hadn’t expected
such a request so soon – or at all – but he couldn’t deny he was elated by it. The duel he had
with her lit a fire in his heart that he had not expected: Of molding someone with such
potential, such greatness, into a powerful warrior. There was much he delighted in, but this
kind of opportunity was incredibly rare – and he would be a fool to not seize upon it.
“Hm, I will not lie – I had hoped you would come under my tutelage,” he mused as he
stepped toward Mash. “You have much to boast of already: Strength, speed, aptitude, and
heart. Just the duel we had showed that you are a fast learner and an admirable student. And
even now, you show yet more promise by having the initiative to improve yourself however
you can.”
Mash looked up in surprise. “Does… does that mean you accept me?” she asked tentatively.
The Spartan king grinned. “I had accepted you as a student during that duel already,” he
corrected. “I’m glad for the opportunity now to reaffirm it in turn. It would be an honor to be
your teacher, Kyrielight. However, know that I will not be a kind taskmaster. The fields of
battle are harsh and demanding, therefore so must I. Knowing this, are you prepared?”
The Shielder nodded with a determined expression. “I am,” she confirmed. “Please, train me
as you will, Mr. Leonidas, and I shall learn without complaint.” This was one step she could
take. One step so she was closer to properly standing shoulder to shoulder with her senpai.
The conversation that night made it clear that he relied on her just as she relied on him, and
their battles in the future were only going to test their strength more and more.
And if her senpai could become stronger from multiple bonds and teachers, then there stood
to reason she might emulate that. Leonidas would be a good starting point for her.
The Lancer nodded. “Well said!” he boomed before taking a stance. “In that case, prepare
yourself, Kyrielight!”
Mash’s eyes widened in surprise at the declaration, then narrowed as her body was
surrounded by light. A moment later, she was once more in her Demi-Servant armor with
shield in hand. “Yes!” she affirmed. “Ready for your lesson!”
The Spartan king grinned and charged. With that, Mash’s first lesson began.
“One more bottle would not go amiss.”
“You’ve already drunk almost three bottles dry.”
“Out of hundreds? You are being rather frugal, are you not?”

“The rest is reserved for more festive occasions and the staff who actually need it.”
“What? I need it as well!”
“You’re a Servant. Technically, you don’t.”
Jing Ke huffed a frustrated breath as she shot a half-hearted glare at the red-mantled hero,
who stood behind the counter with crossed arms. Two empty bottles of wine stood nearby
while a third, nearly depleted one was in the Assassin’s hands. Raiding the storeroom, her
jaw had nearly dropped at just how much liquor there was for such an official installation.
The better ones were kept under lock and key, and while she was tempted, she knew her
limits. Instead, she simply chose the ones that caught her eye.
Still, she now knew how a child felt in a sweets store. Finally, the Assassin sighed. “Very
well, very well,” she relented. “You have a point – the men here need it more than I do. I’ll
just content myself with this for now, though we might need more liquor at this rate.”
“That would either be your or the dog’s fault,” Archer replied drily. That being said, he
frowned at what the Assassin said. “Though what precisely do you mean ‘we would need it
more than you do’?” he asked.
Jing Ke raised an eyebrow. “It’s on the faces and words of everyone who’s working here,”
she pointed out. “They’re all exhausted and dispirited. They’re trying to keep themselves as
optimistic as possible, but it’s clear they’re only hanging by a thread.”
She held up the glass of wine and watched the dark red liquid swirl. “It’s clear that your
recent victories have brought them much-needed morale,” she concluded. “But whether it’s
enough or not? That’s a different matter.”
Archer’s expression didn’t change as he simply observed Jing Ke. “And do you think it’ll
take much to break them?” he asked.
“I know you’re only testing me so let’s get to the point, Archer,” the Assassin sighed. “If I
had succeeded in life and ended just one more life, an empire would’ve fallen. I succeeded in
the Roman singularity and brought a decisive win by also taking just one life. Frankly, it’s the
same here: Destroy the support pillar and watch the imperial palace come crumbling down.”
She looked up lazily at the Archer’s impassive, grey eyes. “Is that the answer you’re looking
for?” Jing Ke asked.
The red-mantled hero let out a humorless chuckle. “And you figured out all this within
minutes of your summoning,” he remarked.
Jing Ke shrugged. “About,” she confirmed. “And a few other things as well, but all this
talking is making my throat dry. Cheers to you and our Masters, Archer.” The Assassin
toasted before draining her glass as Archer simply rolled her eyes.
“Heh, you’re awesome like I said, Jing Ke.

“Still buttering up a failed assassin, hm?” the Assassin remarked, smiling as Ritsuka sat next
to her. She already noticed her Master’s presence some time ago and simply gave no
indications of such. “If you’re here to join me, sorry – I almost drained the last bottle here.”
She picked up the bottle and shook it for emphasis and sure enough, there was only a
minimal amount of splashing liquid audible within. “Unless you can convince this Archer to
let us have one more, that is.”
Ritsuka hesitated. As much as she liked Jing Ke, she hated the taste of alcohol a lot more.
Maybe she could play it off. “That sounds good,” she started saying. “Bu-“
“No,” Archer stated flatly, staring down the Assassin.
Jing Ke shrugged at the flat denial. “It was worth a try,” she commented with a small smile as
she drained the bottle into her glass. “Now, are you simply accompanying me for my drink or
did you have something you wish to speak about?”
Ritsuka paused. She had rehearsed the line multiple times in her head and yet, despite neither
Servant actually looking at her, she couldn’t help but feel incredibly scrutinized. “So, I got a
question of curiosity,” she began slowly as she looked between them. “For both of you.”
Archer and the Assassin glanced at one other in surprise. “And what’s the question?” the
former inquired with a small frown of curiosity.
The redhead took a moment to properly form her question. “How do you guys stay calm and
observe everything happening around you?” she asked slowly. “Like, how do you sift through
so much information and figure out what you need to do? Maybe it’s just me but battles are
always so chaotic and crazy that I end up losing track of everything. Is there some sort of
trick to it?
Both Servants were silent for a moment, already discerning the question’s true intention.
Archer breathed a sigh as he ran a hand through his white hair. “It seems I’m always destined
to be summoned by the most troublesome Masters,” he muttered.
“Come now, Archer, she’s at least on the right track,” Jing Ke admonished lightly.
Ritsuka blinked as she looked between the two, trepidation sneaking up her spine. “What,
what are you guys talking about?” she asked hesitantly.
“It’s not something that’s easily learned from others,” the Assassin explained, ignoring the
follow-up question. “It mostly comes from experience – of fighting and being fought, of
targeting and being targeted, of being caught off guard in countless ambushes and setting up
countless ones in turn. My experiences were mostly in the court and in the streets so reading
people and layouts of places eventually became second nature to me.”
“And you learn to observe a battlefield quickly when you’re sniping,” Archer added.
“Movements, terrain, infiltration and exfiltration locations, and more. I can’t tell you the
sheer number of times I’ve almost died because a detail escaped me that I didn’t know about
or, worse, I should have known better. What you’re asking for, Master, isn’t something that
can be easily conveyed or taught.”

The redhead gulped. “You’re saying it’s not possible for me to at least try to learn?” she
prodded, trying to keep the note of desperation out of her voice.
Both Servants paused, then the red-mantled hero sighed. “I’ll try to think up some exercises,”
he relented. “But be aware that I won’t be sure of their effectiveness until I see you in action.
Will that work?”
Ritsuka’s eyes widened, then she quickly nodded. “It will,” she agreed enthusiastically.
“Thanks for at least trying, Archer.”
“As for me, I’ll give you a similar practice I gave to Ren,” Jing Ke spoke up in turn. “Eyes
and ears open. Go observe the staff around here as well as the architecture. Tell me what you
see, what you learn. And then tell me what kind of conclusions you can glean from them.”
The redhead frowned in thought but nodded as well. “Got it,” she replied as she stood up. “I
have someone else to talk to for now but thank you both so much. I’ll catch you both later!”
With that, she dashed off.
Both Archer and Jing Ke watched Ritsuka leave, her footsteps fading as she left the cafeteria.
The latter turned back to the former with a wry smile. “Troublesome, you say?” she
remarked.
Archer chuckled. “Indeed, troublesome,” he confirmed. They both shared a laugh.
Their Masters were all eccentric, without a doubt. And that might be what was needed above
all to succeed.
The halls of Chaldea were quiet as they always were. The staff were always busy with their
tasks, recuperating in their rooms, or simply making their way to whichever destination they
had in mind. The robots whirred quietly by, always background yet ever-present, maintaining
the usual custodial duties. They ensured the hallways were always spotless, without a single
thing out of place.
Ren could never get used to it. Back in Japan, such places were always crowded – Shujin’s
halls were always packed with students, the corridors for the train stations never lacked for
people, and even in quieter areas like Yongen-Jaya, there were always signs of life and
humanity around. Here, Chaldea always felt… sterile, emphasized by the silence. Still, it was
convenient for gathering his thoughts – and before he knew it, he was in front of a door. He
tapped on the panel and waited.
The screen flickered on, showing the curious face of Nero, who immediately beamed at
seeing Ren. “Master, I have been expecting you,” she stated. “Please, come in.”
As the screen turned off, the door slid open, allowing Ren in. Nero was currently in a
bathrobe as opposed to her usual clothes and her hair wet yet still. “Come, sit where you
wish,” the emperor cried. “Apologies for my poor hospitality – as you’re aware, I have only
recently made this my residence.”

The Phantom Thief nodded easily in acknowledgement. “I’m guessing you’re settling in just
fine?” he asked with a small smile as he took a seat at the desk.
Nero nodded with a grin. “Quite,” she replied happily. “Though you do not have baths here,
the shower is a more than adequate substitute. Being able to adjust the temperature of the
water as one wishes coupled with all these fragrant soaps and shampoos is truly a luxury I
wish I could indulge back in my empire. Are there rose-scented soaps here, by chance?”
Ren chuckled. “I’m not sure, but I can check,” he reassured her with a grin. Even if they
didn’t, he was sure that Da Vinci could whip one up in a heartbeat if either he or Nero asked.
“We don’t have much in terms of wardrobe or accessories though. Hope that’s not a
problem.”
The emperor huffed but waved it off. “It is to be expected,” she accepted. “This is not an
imperial palace but a military installation. I shall make do. And besides-” She grinned
broadly as she spread her arms for emphasis. “Beauty such as mine would turn even the
poorest of rags into the finest of fashions, wouldn’t you agree?” she boasted.
The Phantom Thief could only laugh in response. “It’s as you say,” he agreed in good humor.
It’s comforting to know Nero was still Nero, despite everything.
Finally, the emperor sat down on the bed with a sigh. “I wished to speak with you, Ren
Amamiya,” she began quietly. “For when I first saw you, I knew some matters needed to be
addressed before we can properly be Master and Servant.”
The Phantom Thief nodded. He fully expected that. “Right,” he acknowledged. “I’m guessing
you’re not the same ‘Nero’ we met then?”
Nero’s eyes widened in surprise, then she chuckled. “You are indeed as clever as my… other
self remembers you,” she remarked. “You are correct: I am not her. As a Servant, I merely
bear her memories. Her emotions or affections, however, are her own. She was indeed worthy
of being Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, emperor of Rome – but she is not me,
nor am I her. I will not insult her by presuming to be her – nor, I think, will you insult me by
presuming I am her in turn.”
“No, I certainly won’t,” Ren agreed. It was an easy concept to understand: the ‘Nero’ in front
of him was one with different experiences and different memories than the one they had met
in the Roman singularity. Just having her memories wouldn’t immediately turn her into that
person – he knew all too well that someone with an ego like Nero’s would never capitulate
like that. “So, how do you want to proceed?”
The emperor smiled as she reclined on her bed. “As what is expected from either of us,” she
replied simply. “I am the Flower of Olympia, the Emperor of Roses. I am Nero, and I shall
bring all of us victory with my glory. And you are my Master – no more, and certainly no
less. However…”
She fell quiet as she gazed up at the ceiling, trying to find her words. “The sun of her rule,
her glory, had been rapidly setting,” she murmured. “With every victory she had achieved,
she only had hundreds more losses. Even with all Chaldea had been doing, she would be hard

pressed to remain standing, enough to be an effective ruler that the Roman Empire needed –
both to see the war through and the reconstruction afterward.”
Ren quietly listened as he thought back. All the times he saw Nero hunched over a map or
going over reports, the half-eaten food and empty cups of wine, and her utter despondency
over the conspiracy to have her surrender to the URE. There was much the emperor hadn’t
told him then, nor would she ever allow herself to, but he still witnessed it all. How long had
she been doing this until they had arrived? How long could she have lasted if Chaldea hadn’t
intervened?
He wasn’t sure he wanted to know the answers.
“However, throughout it all,” the emperor continued, slowly smiling. “There were times she
was bolstered. She was given the encouragement and counsel needed to proceed, and even
admonished when she was about to make a mistake. And instead of setting eternally, she rose
again with a new dawn, bearing the strength needed both to win the war and proceed with
rebuilding her empire. You were the reason she was able to continue forward and show her
glory for the days to come. Your time with her was easily among her fondest reminiscences.”
Nero smiled and bowed her head. “Thus, on her behalf, as Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus
Germanicus, I thank you. From the bottom of my heart.”
Ren’s mouth fell slightly open in surprise, then he smiled back in turn. “Glory such as yours
– and hers – wouldn’t be so easily diminished, I think,” he replied. “All I did was simply
keep her company and give her a few nudges here and there. But nevertheless, it was my
genuine pleasure.”
The emperor chuckled. “True enough,” she agreed. “But do not discount your role so easily
in her play – especially one so essential to the act. Even now, I would have given you a
triumph for all your contributions for the empire, Master. As it stands, so you have helped
her, I shall aid you – my skills and talents, as well as my blade, are at your disposal.”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “That’s more than great to hear,” he replied genuinely. The
emperor beamed back in turn. Ah, there was that expression of hers again: Bright, confident,
and vibrant. And yet…
There was undoubtedly something different about it. It felt softer and more genuine. “Do you
mind if I ask you something, Nero?” he inquired.
Nero tilted her head slightly in curiosity. “By all means, Master,” she replied. “What do you
wish to inquire about?”
“Your… other self in the singularity always had a bit of loneliness about her,” Ren explained.
“As if she wanted someone to stand with her on top of the world.” He peered closely at the
emperor’s surprised expression and smiled softly. “I don’t see it from you. Did you find that
someone?”
The emperor’s eyes widened. For a moment, she could see someone before her: A girl with
long brown hair and eyes, dressed in a yellow school uniform, offered her hand with a faint

smile. Then she blinked, and she was back in Chaldea again with Ren facing her. A smile
broke out across Nero’s face.
“I did,” she confirmed quietly. “My Praetor.”
Ren smiled. “Wanna tell me about them?” he asked.
Nero’s smile widened into a grin. “I believed you would never ask,” she chirped. “To
describe her, she may not be the most resplendent in terms of beauty – one might argue she is
rather plain – but that is not so! For her beauty is only for those with the eyes to see. And as
the incarnation of Venus herself, who would be more fitting to witness it than I?”
The emperor continued to talk and ramble inexhaustibly about her Praetor, drawing from a
seemingly endless wealth of stories and experiences. The more she talked, the more Ren
smiled. The way Nero’s face lit up in happiness, how her eyes glimmered as she boasted
about her Praetor, her grand gestures as she praised her to the heavens and beyond… They
were someone completely dear to Nero without a doubt. He was glad that the emperor had
found someone that could make her so happy.
And throughout it all, with her speech and adulation and expressions, he could still see the
Nero he met in the Roman singularity. The one in front of him was far more animated and
happier, sure, but it was still the same person. He couldn’t help but idly wonder if that Nero
would be similar had he stayed. Well, it was a question that he doubted anyone could answer.
The one here was content with what she found and had – and that would be enough.
“I’m glad,” Ren commented once Nero had finished (if only momentarily). “I wasn’t sure
how you’d handle being on top of the world by yourself like that, but you found someone to
share the view with. Your Praetor sounds like an amazing person – I’m a bit jealous.” He
finished with a small chuckle.
Nero smiled and shook her head. “There is no comparison to be made,” she corrected. “To
compare my Praetor to you, Master, or vice versa, would be like comparing a drama penned
by a master playwright to a comedy penned by someone equally renowned. There are
different measures and aspects that either of you shine in. You are both grand and glorious in
your own ways, shining almost as brightly as I do.”
The emperor grinned broadly. “Thus, there is no reason for envy,” she concluded proudly.
“For you are more than worthy of envy yourself!”
The Phantom Thief could only stare at Nero in surprise, then chuckled once more. “Your
words do me much honor,” he replied easily. “I’ll make sure to live up to your expectations
then.”
Nero laughed. “A feat you no doubt will be able to achieve with ease,” the emperor
remarked. They both shared a laugh at the compliment.
They talked for a while longer – with Nero expounding the virtues of her Praetor some more
– before Ren ultimately dismissed himself, saying he had other duties to attend to. As the
door hissed closed, she breathed a quiet sigh as she laid down on the bed. So, this was the

man her other self fell in love with. How… peculiar. He was a charming, intelligent, openminded young man who made no presumptions, instead learning more about the Nero in
front of him.
And while the Nero in the singularity was not her, she was simultaneously still her at the
same time – and that included how she felt. There was absolutely no doubt she loved her
Praetor with her heart and soul, but… Ren Amamiya? This extraordinary young man that
showed nothing but kindness and viewed her as she was as opposed to what she should be?
She could certainly see how her other self may be enraptured. As for herself…
She shook her head with a smile as she stood back up, slipping her bathrobe off. It was too
soon to jump to any such conclusions one way or another. They had time and much more to
talk about. The whims of a heart were fickle – a fact she knew all too well. Perhaps it would
be something, perhaps it would be nothing. Her Praetor only wished for her happiness, come
what may. She had no doubt it would be the same here. For now, they would just have to see.
In the meantime, she opened the closet… and immediately scowled at how utterly barren it
was.
Some better forms of fashion would be a good start.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 103: Progress
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“I had thought you required my services, and here you are laying about once more. I hope
you realize my workshop is not meant to be some sort of lounge?”
“Yet here you are, chilling out with me. Sounds like you enjoy it yourself.”
“Be silent, Amamiya.”
Ren chuckled as he reclined back on his cushion. Olga was also lying beside him, watching
the stars above. Despite the number of times he had done so at this point, stargazing in the
Velvet Room never really got old. Tokyo had so much light pollution that it was basically
impossible to see anything, and even back in his hometown the most he could catch were
faint glimmers. The planetarium was the best he had and even then, it paled in comparison.
Here, staring up at the infinite void where the stars and planets shone like gems, he felt…
tiny. Every glimmer was something far greater than he was, and the spaces in between a
distance he’d never traverse if he spent a lifetime walking. The stars, constellations, and
planets all had their own stories to tell and learn from, if one had the eyes to read them. He
idly wondered what would happen if he travelled to each one. What would he find or
experience? What would it be like to live among the stars?
In a way, it was soothing. His troubles faded away as he imagined the fantastical journeys he
would have. Funny how seeing things on different scales entirely worked.
“So you’ve shown Mash your inner world,” Olga murmured. “What did she think of it?”
Ren glanced over. “She liked it,” he answered honestly. “I think she was overwhelmed by
everything in there so I’ll take my time showing her around. It’s not the outside world but it
should suffice. She deserves that and more, after all.”
He paused. “And… I haven’t relayed your apology to Mash yet,” he admitted. “Sorry about
that. I’ve honestly forgotten.”
Olga sighed tiredly, still staring up at the stars. “It’s fine, Amamiya,” she muttered. “You’ve
had much on your mind and you’ve been busy. It’s not a big deal, anyway.”
The Phantom Thief briefly considered, then asked, “What’s the apology about, anyway?”
“It’s…” the former director began, then fell silent. Ren waited for her to continue as he went
back to staring up at the stars above. There was much he was curious about, but he wasn’t
about to push Olga if she didn’t wish to speak about it. He could already infer from her
silence that it wasn’t something pleasant. Still, he wanted to hear it if she was willing to
discuss it.

“The world of magi is a quagmire,” she whispered. “As we say among ourselves, ’To walk
the path of magi is to walk the path of death.’ Many things of questionable ethics have been
done to advance our research, both to ourselves and to others. Mash is… one of those acts of
questionable ethics.”
Ren froze, then slowly turned toward Olga. “Did you-“ he began asking, trepidation and
alarm creeping into his voice.
“No,” Olga denied flatly. “I’ve never done anything of the sort to her, nor would I if it were
my decision.” She paused as she considered heavily what to say, then once more sighed.
“It was my father’s plan,” she quietly admitted. “There was… much he did to create Chaldea
and all its resources. Much of it I knew, and most likely even more I didn’t. That’s why I
wanted the first mission to be a success: So that everything he had done, both good and
horrible, at least meant something, so it was all worth it.”
The former director smiled, half wistfully and half bitterly. “In a way, I suppose it did,” she
muttered. “Though no thanks to me. Chaldea is running and fulfilling its intended purpose –
breaking god-knows-how-many protocols while it’s at it – and Mash is finding her own way
despite everything. I have you to thank for that, Ren Amamiya. You and everyone else.”
The Phantom Thief glanced over at her. “Maybe, but you set a lot of the backbone to keep
Chaldea going,” he pointed out. “I think Roman’s still using a bunch of your templates and
documents as guides for his paperwork, and the organizational structure is still holding up
with only a few changes in staffing, last I checked. Honestly, I gotta thank you in turn for
helping keep things running smoothly overall. I’m not sure we could’ve done anything if it
was any worse.”
Olga’s eyes widened in surprise, then rested back down. “Does…” she hesitantly asked.
“Does anyone talk about me in Chaldea? Good or bad?”
Ren racked through his memory, trying to remember. “Not that I can tell,” he murmured.
“But then, we’ve all been busy as of late. Do you want me to ask?”
The Attendant rapidly shook her head. “I-it was an idle curiosity and nothing more,” she
rapidly responded. “That will not be necessary, Amamiya.” She desperately racked her brains
for a new topic. “So, what do you plan to do now? Your schedule seems to be getting more
and more packed.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow in amusement. “Oh, are you worried I won’t have time
for you?” he asked in mock concern. “Not to worry, Olga. I’ll always make time. A visit to
you always leaves stars in my eyes, after all.”
He could barely hold back from bursting in laughter as the former director made a sound
somewhere between a strangled duck and manic screeching, her face a shade of red
comparable to a tomato. It was always amusing to poke fun at Olga and every time he did,
she seemed to relax a bit more. She most likely knew it too, or her objections would be far
more strenuous. As if to prove the point, the Attendant simply collapsed back among the
pillows with a huff.

They laid in silence for a moment, watching the stars above. “I was thinking about Mash,” he
eventually replied, ignoring Olga stiffening slightly in alarm. “She seems to be trying to find
her own way forward toward her own goal – I think it’s so she can better watch my back?
She’s already doing a great job so far, but I don’t think she’s content with that.’
He heaved a tired breath. “I’d like to help her along, but I’m kinda stuck,” he grumbled. “I’ve
said all I could, I think, but there’s something… more I can do. Or maybe give, but for
someone like Mash, I’m not sure what to give her. A new tool or weapon, maybe, but what
she already has beats anything I can make or give. Maybe something from the Velvet Room,
but there’s only enough charge for one go and I’d rather not chance it…”
“Perhaps I might be of assistance, my Trickster?”
Both of them immediately turned to see Lavenza quietly walking towards them with a small
smile. “Pardon my intrusion,” she apologized. “I simply wished to see why my Trickster
frequents the Workshop so often if not for your services, Olga. But I should have guessed it
would be stargazing.”
She looked up at the stars above and smiled. “Gazing the heavens has been an oft-celebrated
and time-honored tradition of humanity, after all. Small wonder my Trickster would enjoy it
as well.”
Ren chuckled. “You don’t get to see stars in the big city,” he confessed. “So I thought I’d take
the opportunity whenever I could. It’s kind of relaxing, to be honest. But you said you had
something that might help?”
Lavenza nodded. “That is correct, my Trickster,” she confirmed. “Mash Kyrielight is a
unique identity among all of your bonds, even those you have made thus far in Chaldea. It is
understandable you may have trouble assisting her. However…” A small smile spread across
the Attendant’s face. “You do have a wish granter, do you not? One that’s rather close by?”
The Phantom Thief frowned slightly in confusion. “A wish grant-“ he began saying, then his
eyes widened as realization hit him like an avalanche of bricks. “Would that work?” he asked.
He hadn’t even considered such a thing but considering all the changes wrought in the Den,
then it certainly would be in the cards.
The Attendant’s smile grew. “I believe I shall leave that to your judgement,” she simply
replied. “However, I must remind you that raw materials are still required if we are to
proceed with the process. I believe you know what that is?”
Ren nodded in response, falling back to pondering. Back in Tokyo, he used various items to
create things. They were usually some plain item with nothing worthwhile about them –
small, traditional knives, a model gun, a nondescript robe, and even just a particular rock.
After executing a persona of his, they were combined with said item to create a powerful
cognitive object: Weapons and armor with the power of gods and accessories housing
persona skills or might.
For a moment, he thought back to what Jose told him, about how he overwrote the ‘rules’ of
objects and allowed them to function in reality like they would in the Metaverse. This was

most likely a similar concept: Overwriting the concept of a blank item with the essence of a
persona. It was like writing or drawing on a blank piece of paper – a comparison Yusuke
would definitely appreciate. The question is, where would he get such a thing?
He remembered his Chaldean Arms and smiled to himself. He knew just who to ask. But in
the meantime…
“Judging from your smile, I believe you have already found your solution,” Lavenza
commented with a smile. “I expected no less from my Trickster.”
“Only because of your advice, Lavenza,” Ren easily retorted with a grin. “I think I need to
reward you for your help this time, as thanks. Is there something you’d like?”
Lavenza blinked in surprise, not expecting the offer. She frowned in thought for a moment
before noticing the cushions and carpet laid out for Ren and Olga to lie on. “Then… would
you allow me to join you for stargazing?” she asked. “I admit, I have been curious for some
time what it is like.”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “I was actually just about to invite you to join us,” he replied as
he patted the carpet. “Get over here – it’s a lot more relaxing than you’d expect.”
The Attendant smiled and bowed slightly in acknowledgement. “Then I shall take you up on
your offer,” she accepted. Stepping forward, she quietly slipped out of her shoes before
stepping onto the carpet. She looked around for a moment, deciding where she would lay
down, then nodded as she found an acceptable spot.
Walking over, she laid herself down – right next to Ren, snuggling up against him as she did
so. “Hm, you are correct,” she commented. “This is indeed quite relaxing.”
“Wh-“ Olga, who had been quietly listening to their discussion without comment, shot up
with her eyes wide in shock. “Wha- isn’t there s-some sort of protocol against fraternization
in the Velvet Room?” she spluttered. “Or physical contact? At any rate, why are you
stargazing while snuggling Amamiya?”
Lavenza simply tilted her head in question. “My Trickster had said that stargazing is
enjoyable,” she explained. “I simply believe my enjoyment would be compounded if it was
by his side like this. As for a protocol against fraternization, my master has made no mention
of one since I’ve been here.” She looked up at Ren. “Has he mentioned one to you, my
Trickster?” she asked out of curiosity.
Ren thought back to all the times in his Velvet Room. Even during the time with the false
Igor, he heard nothing of the sort. Justine and Caroline at the time seemed more concerned
about not properly fulfilling their duties than fraternization. “None that I can remember,” he
answered, shaking his head. “I don’t think Igor honestly minds.”
“Yes, I believe that as well,” the veteran Attendant agreed. “Bonds are how a Wild Card gains
their strength, after all, and such a policy would be detrimental.” She looked back over at
Olga. “Would you like to try?” she asked the former director. “It is quite relaxing here, and I
believe it may prove beneficial for your bond with the Trickster as well.”

Olga immediately started spluttering again. “But – I can’t – you -!” she tried to stammer out.
“You heard her, Olga,” the Phantom Thief remarked with a broad grin on his face. “Bonds are
a Wild Card’s strength, after all. And if we want the mission to be a success, we have to take
every advantage we can get, right? My other side’s open if you wanna try it.”
The former director glared at Ren, who simply grinned more broadly in response. Lavenza
was still looking up at her in innocent inquiry. She could back down here but then, she would
most likely never hear the end of it. Instead, she threw up her hands in resignation. “Okay,
fine!” she snapped. “This is to increase the bond, alright? Don’t get any wild ideas,
Amamiya!”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Ren easily replied, his smug grin never leaving his face.
Olga huffed as she got up, stepped over to his other side, and laid down. Lavenza looked up
from her spot to see where her colleague had situated herself. “You are rather distant from the
Trickster, Olga,” she pointed out. The novice Attendant bit back a curse or retort and sidled
up closer to Ren until they were touching before turning back over to gaze at the stars.
Unfortunately, her attention was focused on Ren instead. He was surprisingly powerfully
built, and warm. For some reason, she felt far more comfortable than she expected with his
presence. He was keeping his hands at his sides, which she respected and appreciated. Still,
she couldn’t help but wonder how it would feel if they were around her for a bit, and she
could feel that warmth around her insteadShe immediately shoved the thoughts from her mind before they could go further. Damn
Amamiya. Damn Lavenza.
“Well?” Lavenza asked from the other side of Ren. “Would you not agree this is more
comfortable than stargazing alone?”
Olga let out huff. As Ren turned to face her, she turned to look away. The last thing she
needed to see was his smug look. “I reserve my right to silence,” she muttered, her face
scalding hot. She heard Ren chuckle in amusement and her face became even hotter.
Damn Ren Amamiya.
The door to Da Vinci’s workshop hissed closed shut behind Ren as he stretched. He had just
placed his order with the genius for what he needed. While the request drew an odd but
amused look from her, she went to work and asked him to check with her after half an hour or
so. He had absolutely no doubt that she would pull through regardless. And it wasn’t like he
was asking much of her compared to his other orders.
With that done, he made his way to the simulator where El-Melloi II awaited him. They had
more plans to experiment and explore with Ren’s persona magecraft. The Caster had more
questions and experiments to run, and the Phantom Thief was happy to indulge him. Running
through different tests with him, it felt like he was going through clinical trials again with

Takemi. Even though he passed out from time to time then, it was still an experience he
wouldn’t trade for the world.
That being said, only she had the right to call him a guinea pig. If anyone else tried, Ren
would have a serious talk with them.
“Your prana consumption costs are rather high.”
Ren looked over at El-Melloi who had been looking at some readings through a magecraft
interface. The Thief himself was currently standing in a circle the Caster had drawn – one
made for analysis as he had explained. It allowed him to track the movement of prana
throughout Ren’s body, including through the crest, and gauge the quantity of it as he utilized
his magecraft. A similar circle had been drawn around a target dummy where Ren once more
had been pelting it with persona spells.
“Is there a problem with that?” Ren called over as Hecatoncheires faded away. His circuits
were rather warm from the number of times he had called upon personas and had them cast
spells, but it wasn’t nearly as bad as when he first used them. He still remembered nearly
passing out for having Cu Chulainn out for longer than a minute or two to spar with his
Servant self, much to said Servant’s disappointment.
Come to think of it, he should invite the Lancer to do so again now that he could manage his
personas better. He would more than appreciate a rematch.
El-Melloi frowned in response. “Calling forth your personas uses up a large amount of your
prana,” he explained. “And utilizing their spells afterward uses even more. You have a large
number of high-quality circuits from what you’ve told me but even then, the cost and upkeep
are almost ruinously high. I’m surprised that you haven’t suffered more from circuit overuse
or mana deprivation.”
“It was touch and go earlier on,” the Phantom Thief admitted with a shrug. “It’s been getting
easier on me to use them, but it’s a bit of a crapshoot. I still drain myself quickly if I use them
left and right without care, so I try to be more careful.” Emphasis on ‘try’ considering the
battles he had been in recently. He didn’t have the luxury of being conservative with his
persona usage.
“That so,” the Caster muttered, puffing on his cigarette without bothering to look up. The
tone of sarcasm was so evident that Ren had to grin at it. The lord had gone through the
mission reports and recordings to try and collect more information – and promptly went back
to the bottle after seeing the feats Ren had achieved. At least he seemed to recover quickly
enough to try and figure things out, bolstered by Ren’s willingness to assist in turn.
The man looked over at Ren, then the dummy, pondering something. “Refresh my memory,”
he spoke up. “You said your personas were parts or aspects of you, are they not?”
“Yes and no,” the Phantom Thief replied. “It’s more like my shadow has donned a mask and
is acting out the part of the persona. Because I recognize that ‘persona’ as a part of who I am,
my shadow can perfectly take on its form, powers, personality, and knowledge. In short, the

personas are who I am, and I’m also them in turn.” ‘I am thou, and thou art I’ was the eternal
creed of personas for a reason.
“Right, right,” the Caster muttered as he thought. There were a few working theories he had
currently for Ren’s magecraft: Projection or familiars. It would normally be outright
impossible to pull off even a tenth of what Ren could do with projection unless he had a
blueprint – and as part of ‘Ren Amamiya’, said blueprints for the personas were right there. It
would still be immensely difficult if he didn’t comprehend and understand the blueprint to the
tiniest minutiae, but he had a feeling that hadn’t been a problem for his Master.
There was also considering the equally feasible method of treating the personas as familiars.
The personas served as the vessel while being imbued with a part of Ren’s soul. Being fueled
by magical energy, it served as the karmic bond with Ren, allowing him control over its
actions as he wished. The sentience in the personas was not a huge matter either – more
elaborate, powerful familiars often developed their own ego and personalities, though they
were still unfailingly loyal to their creator.
That left him puzzling over what Ren’s magecraft ultimately was. Both projection and
familiars were equally viable explanations as to what it was. He’d have to further dissect his
magecraft to see know for sure, but that would be far more intrusive than what either of them
would be comfortable with. He wasn’t about to jeopardize his Master’s trust or humanity’s
future just to sate his curiosity. No, that would be unnecessary and incredibly wasteful.
Then there was a distinct third – or technically fourth – possibility: That it was neither of the
methods he had been thinking of, or it was both at once – which still technically meant it
wasn’t either of the two. Or at least, it operated under different rules than either one that they
would have to figure out. Still, it was clear they weren’t making any progress like this.
“Perhaps it is better we start once more from the beginning,” the Caster mused, dispelling the
interface with a wave of his hand. He walked back over to a nearby table where he had pored
through his notes. “Elaborate step by step the process of your magecraft’s activation,” he
stated as he grabbed a bottle of water from a cooler and tossed it to Ren.
Ren nodded as he easily caught the bottle. “So first off, I switch my masks in my head – my
personas,” he began. “That’s basically my shadow taking on the form that I’ve identified as a
reflection of myself. It’s a quick process – I barely even think about it before it’s switched
over. Maybe less than a second at most.”
El-Melloi nodded as he looked over his notes, taking out a pen and scribbling a few more
details in. Right, so first Ren commanded his shadow to take on a different form based on
what he believes to be ‘him’ – and he had the self-consciousness and discipline to realize
different identities to different aspects of himself at an instinctual level. Already that made
him far different than many magi he had encountered. Self-awareness of that level would
mentally tear many magi to shreds if they even tried.
He had to hold back a bitter chuckle. No need to worry about diluting the mystery of this
particular magecraft – very few magi would even have the necessary mental fortitude for it.

“After that,” the Phantom Thief continued. “I focus on bringing my persona out. My shadow
responds in turn by projecting itself into reality.” For emphasis, he switched masks in his
mind and tore it off. “Pixie,” he called out. The diminutive persona burst into being in a tiny
flash of blue flame. The Caster looked up, observing as it fluttered about before sitting down
on his water bottle, giggling while cupping its head in its palms.
He recollected the technical details of what Olga and Lavenza taught him. “Normally, I shape
magnitites into the persona,” Ren explained as he unscrewed the cap of his water bottle. “At
least, that’s how it worked when I was in the Metaverse. However, here I’m using my magic
crest to manipulate the magnitites in reality - my shadow basically converts my prana into
magnitites to use. That allows me to project the persona whereas normally, I wouldn’t be able
to do so except in the Metaverse.”
He took a sip of water to soothe his parched throat as El-Melloi continued to jot down notes.
“It’s not a 1-for-1 conversion though,” the Phantom Thief admitted. “While my personas are
a lot more solid in reality than they are in the Metaverse, they’re also lot weaker and I also
don’t get a lot of their aspects that I usually do when I use them – strengths, weaknesses,
resilience, or immunities, for example. But it’s allowed me to ride around on Cerberus, so
mixed blessing.”
El-Melloi frowned slightly as he continued writing and musing over what his Master told
him. They had gone through the information here before but in considerably less detail. There
wasn’t an easy way to measure the conversion rate of Ren’s crest – not without intrusive
procedures – but it seemed that was the bottleneck of what the Phantom Thief could achieve.
But they were trying to cut down on the cost, not increase it.
That would mean two methods: Either figure out a way to improve the conversion process so
Ren’s shadow had more magnitites to work with, or see if there was a way to further improve
the manipulation of magnitites so they could get more results for the same cost. But that
would be difficult – for all this talk about magnitites, what exactly are they?
“Can you tell me precisely what these magnitites are, Amamiya?” he asked as he flipped over
to a blank piece of paper to write it down.
Ren frowned slightly as he did his best to remember his lectures. “Magnitites are the
fundamental building blocks of reality,” he explained. “Everything from the material like the
ground we walk on to the immaterial such as thoughts, concepts, and emotions, are made of
them. Persona magic is all about manipulating magnitites and- did you realize something, ElMelloi?”
As the Phantom Thief gave his definition, the Caster’s pen moved slower and slower as his
eyes grew wider and wider. Realization trickled into his head before it turned into a flood of
understanding. At Ren’s question, he looked up in surprise. “What you’re describing, these
magnitites,” he breathed out. “We know what they are. To think, you’re using something so
basic yet fundamental to this universe…”
“Wait, so what are they?” Ren asked, frowning in curiosity as Pixie vanished.

“You may call them magnitites,” El-Melloi elaborated. “But for magi, we call them
spiritrons. If what you’re telling me is true, then…” He looked back at his notes, then
collected them. “I need to find some material,” he muttered as he did so. “Spiritrons are not a
very studied field, but perhaps there may be something I can work with. It might lead to a
breakthrough neither you nor other magi have considered before.”
“Need me to come along?” Ren asked as he watched the Caster bundle his notes up. “In case
you have any more questions?”
El-Melloi paused as he considered, then nodded. “That would be greatly appreciated,
Amamiya,” he accepted. “Come. We have much work to do.” Ren nodded. Together, they left
the simulator while behind them, the drawn circles vanished as the training grounds reset
itself for a new occupant.
Half an hour later, they were in the library. El-Melloi sat down at the table with another book
to add to the stacks that lay next to him as he pored over his notes. Ren was sitting nearby
with a stack of his own, going over his own notes in turn. The only other person in the library
was Medusa, sitting on a couch in a corner, quietly reading with her new glasses. Aside from
a quick glance as they entered, she hadn’t acknowledged them, nor did they disturb her in
turn.
In the meantime, they had gone through all the outright literature on spiritrons – which
wasn’t much – and had to turn to more indirect sources that reference it in magecraft.
Unfortunately, the details were fairly vague and the texts barely covered more than what they
already knew.
Ren sighed heavily as he set his current book down, rubbing his eyes. He had been an
excellent student in Shujin but here, it was like he was trying to learn a different language
entirely. There were words like thaumaturgy or formalcraft as well as many other terms that
he could perhaps guess the meaning of but wasn’t entirely sure. Then there were the
equations and charts that left his mind spinning as he tried to make heads or tails of them. It
was all enough to give him a headache.
“Been a while since you studied?”
The Phantom Thief glanced up at the question and chuckled ruefully. “I’m supposed to be on
vacation, after all,” he admitted. “I’m guessing that turfed all the study habits out of my head
– I’m honestly just lost about all this.”
El-Melloi nodded pensively. “Let me take a look,” he stated, raising a hand. Ren passed him
over the book he had been looking over and simply sat back with a sigh, massaging his
temples. The Caster frowned a bit as he skimmed through the pages. “Tell me, Amamiya,” he
muttered. “How much magecraft have you learned or trained in?”
Ren hesitated for a moment, deciding what to tell him, then shrugged. “None at all,” he
replied bluntly. “My persona magecraft is all I really know how to use, and even the ins and
outs are specifically for it rather than anything else.” He wasn’t about to reveal the
circumstances of how he got the persona magecraft, however. Revealing the presence of the
Velvet Room was not something he was comfortable with right now.

The Caster glanced up in surprise at the revelation, then frowned as he tapped the table in
contemplation. “I see,” he mused. “Then perhaps another approach might prove to be more
fruitful.”
“What have you got in mind?” the Phantom Thief asked.
“The fundamentals,” El-Melloi answered. “If you’re going to be using magecraft, then it
would be best to teach you how to properly utilize it as opposed to simply being a ‘master of
one’. It might even lead you to some sort of breakthrough for using your personas – revisiting
the fundamentals often has a way of doing that. Especially if it’s concerning spiritrons.
Theoretically, what possibilities you have may very well be endless.”
Ren raised an eyebrow. “Is it that amazing?” he asked, genuinely curious.
The Caster frowned as he crossed his arms, looking up at the ceiling in contemplation. “It is
and it isn’t,” he stated bluntly. “It is like manipulating molecules in the air: It sounds
amazing, but most can’t do much with it. I could wave my hand to manipulate the molecules
to fan myself, for instance - hardly impressive nor the breadth one could achieve with said
molecules. Since there hasn’t been any specific way of molding or utilizing spiritrons, it isn’t
a very researched field – it’s a theoretical one at most among the ranks in the Clock Tower.”
He glanced back over at Ren. “You, however, have the perfect terminal to interact with
spiritrons, or ‘magnitites’ as you call them,” El-Melloi continued. “Your personas are the first
magecraft I have seen that can interact with them directly and as such, there may be far more
that can be done with them that neither of us have considered. Having a foundational base of
knowledge to work off of will allow for more flexibility, both for your personas as well as for
general use.”
The Phantom Thief nodded, slowly understanding. He wasn’t wrong – he knew nothing about
magecraft, and knowing more about it may lead to some inspiration that he could use.
However… “What about you?” he asked. “I get the sense you’re not doing this simply out of
the goodness of your heart. What are you aiming for here?”
El-Melloi froze momentarily in surprise, then breathed out an amused huff. “I guess I let that
one slip,” he admitted. “And here I thought my poker face had been improving.”
“My friends hate playing cards with me for the same reason,” Ren replied with a grin.
“Remind me never to play against you in poker then,” the lord replied, matching the Thief’s
grin in turn. “But to answer your question, it is for research. As I stated before, directly
interfacing and manipulating spiritrons is an unexplored field of study because of its high
resource to result ratio. Your magecraft, however, changes that entirely and may broaden the
subject far beyond its scope. I am helping you as the Last Master of humanity, yes, but I see
no reason why the teacher can’t learn from the student in turn.”
The Caster leaned back in his chair with a small smile. “You learn about magecraft from me,
and I learn about your magecraft and what it can do in turn,” he concluded. “I would say that
is mutually beneficial, wouldn’t you agree?”

Ren smirked. “Heh, you got me,” he replied, easily admitting defeat. “You’re right, it is
mutually beneficial. In that case, I look forward to your lessons, sensei. Go easy on me
though – I’m supposed to be on vacation, after all.”
El-Melloi scoffed in good humor. “Sorry, Amamiya, but for my students, I have little regard
for date or titles,” he shot back. “I hope you’re prepared.”
As Ren nodded in response, he could feel the familiar warmth once more of another arcana
forming: Counselor. He watched the bespeckled Caster as he began looking over some other
notes, glancing at the open book, then grumbling as he crossed out a line. Ren could only
chuckle to himself. He more temperamental than Maruki, that was for sure.
And as the Phantom Thief and the Caster spoke, Medusa had long since looked up from her
book. Her gaze, unbeknownst to all but herself, were trained on Ren as a flicker of concern
passed through her eyes.
The day had been calm enough. The usual breakfast and lunch rushes, the occasional Servant
or staff poking in for a snack, and taking the usual inventory of their food stocks. Thankfully
they weren’t in danger of running out of food anytime soon – the stores were meant to feed
several hundred people for at least a year, after all. With the staff numbers considerably
reduced, they would last a very long while.
At least, that was what the numbers displayed as he looked over his clipboard. It was
fortunate Flauros hadn’t thought of placing bombs here and as such, all their foodstuffs were
pristine. The backup generators had kicked in before any of them had even gone bad as well.
The bombing that had wiped out much of Chaldea’s staff was a tragedy, and yet here it was
proving to be a boon in terms of logistics.
It was an irony he had seen many times before – not that it made it any easier to deal with.
“Good work today, Archer.”
The red-mantled hero looked up to see Boudica smiling at him. He gave a small smile in
return and nodded. “You as well,” he replied. “Heading out?”
Boudica nodded. “I wanted to see these hydroponic farms Ritsu talked about,” she replied. “I
might get some inspiration for some new dishes tonight. I’m starting to get a feel for the
kitchen now and I’m already brimming with ideas.”
Archer grinned. “You learned quickly,” he commended. “I look forward to working with you
more back here – as mighty as a Servant is, it can be difficult at times even for me.”
The Rider scoffed. “Please, you underestimate yourself, Archer,” she chided lightly with a
warm smile. “Everyone is more than well fed thanks to you and Ren. I simply wanted to help
how I could. But enough about that, I’ll leave you be. See you at dinner!”
The red-mantled hero simply raised a hand in farewell as the queen of Iceni left. He breathed
a sigh as he prepared to head out too. Between the two of them and the cafeteria robot, the

kitchen was basically spotless. Everything had also been neatly organized in the stockroom
too, which made inventorying an incredibly simply matter. Walking to the back, he hung up
the clipboard next to the storeroom door. “Jeeves, you’re in charge until dinner,” he casually
called out to the robot.
“As you wish, Mr. Archer,” the robot named Jeeves complied. It was a nickname the staff
gave to the robot and it stuck ever since. It was at least a good way to address the robot
without fumbling for words – calling it ‘robot’ didn’t roll off the tongue very well, after all,
especially during a rush.
As he turned around to leave, the cafeteria door suddenly opened, catching Archer by
surprise. Looking over, he caught the sight of Ren walking towards the counter, nose buried
in a rather thick book. While he knew his Master was peculiar, he certainly hadn’t expected
that. He idly wondered what Ren was so engrossed in that he would be reading about it while
walking. “Good book catch your eye?” he called over as he moved once more to the counter.
Ren glanced up for a second, blinking, before he grinned ruefully. “You could say that,” he
admitted. “It’s been a while since I studied, and it’s on a topic I’m not exactly familiar about.
I don’t suppose ‘spiritrons’ ring a bell, Archer?”
The red-mantled hero frowned as he tried to recall the term – and came up blank. That wasn’t
surprising. His magecraft was self-taught with nothing in terms of formal education, and it
seemed the Counter Force hadn’t seen fit to furnish him with such information either. “Can’t
say I do,” he confessed. “But perhaps I can make you something to help fuel your studies?”
The Phantom Thief nodded with a grin. “That’d be great,” he replied. “Could I get a
Salisbury steak? And some Sprite too, if we have any.”
“Not going to ask for curry and coffee?” Archer asked with a wry smile.
Ren glanced up with a raised eyebrow. “What, do you think I solely subsist on curry and
coffee?” he asked pointedly, though his tone was still light. “Do you think I’m some sort of
goblin?”
“Do you want the honest answer, or do you want me to lie?” the Servant retorted.
They both stared one another down, then fell to laughing. “Fine, fine,” Archer relented. “One
Salisbury steak and a Sprite, coming up.”
The Phantom Thief grinned appreciatively, then went back to reading. The terms were still
puzzling but he was starting to get the hang of it after a few lessons from El-Melloi. Taking
out a small notepad, he began scribbling even more questions he needed to ask him when he
had the opportunity. From what he could gather, spiritrons could be ridiculously flexible as
evidenced by his personas and their manipulation of magnitites. However, how could he use
it directly?
He tapped the notepad with his pen with a frown before writing more questions, this time for
the Velvet Room. Both Olga and Lavenza were the ones who taught him precisely how his
personas and his crest worked, and so they may be able to help him figure out how to more

directly utilize spiritrons/magnitites. Granted, they might not answer as the Velvet Room
usually did its best to keep hands-off so its guests could progress and learn as naturally as
they could, but it wouldn’t hurt to ask. At worst they’d tell him no and give some sort of hint
he could work with.
Going back to his book, Ren pondered what kind of magecraft El-Melloi would teach him.
The man had said he would teach him the fundamentals tomorrow, but what would that
entail? Whenever he thought about ‘fundamentals’, he pictured in his mind something like
why one plus one is two in math, vocabulary and grammar in Japanese and English, shapes in
art, and others. But for such an esoteric field, he had absolutely no clue what it might be in
turn. Maybe how to properly use his circuits? Figuring out the details of his crest? Simple
spells?
‘Yer a wizard, Ren,’ he thought to himself, quoting a rather popular book series he read a long
time ago, and inwardly chuckling at the thought. He couldn’t deny he was interested. The
fundamentals were probably boring – they usually were – but he certainly wasn’t about to
skip them. And if El-Melloi thought it would be a good way to perhaps further his usage of
personas, then he would trust him. At the very least, he was far more knowledgeable than he
was about the field.
“I appreciate you being such a diligent student, but your food is getting cold.”
Ren looked up in surprise at the slightly admonishing tone of Archer before peering over his
book to see his food and drink placed in front of him. He grinned apologetically to the redmantled hero. “Sorry about that,” he replied. “I got a bit distracted.” Putting down the book,
he exchanged its place with the Salisbury steak and began digging in while reading at the
same time. He made sure not to get anything on the book as he ate – he had a feeling neither
El-Melloi or Medusa would appreciate the mess.
Archer meanwhile observed his Master. Normally, Ren was incredibly attentive. He always
seemed to notice when food was ready or when a person was nearby. Admittedly he had
never witnessed him studying before, but still it felt out of the ordinary. At first glance his
Master seemed fine, but something was niggling at him. “Have you been sleeping well?” he
asked suddenly.
The Phantom Thief looked up in surprise with a mouthful of food. He swallowed to prevent
himself from choking, then shrugged. “It’s been a bit hit or miss,” Ren replied. “Maybe I
need a new mattress or pillows. Why, do I seem that tired?” Admittedly, his ‘sleep’ consisted
of him remodeling and experimenting with the Thieves Den while also attending lectures
from Olga and Lavenza. While his body was able to rest up, he was left feeling more
mentally drained than he’d like. It was a rather disorienting feeling.
The red-mantled hero frowned slightly and shook his head. “No, you don’t,” he answered.
“It’s merely a feeling I had. Perhaps I was mistaken. How’s the food at any rate?”
Ren looked down at the Salibury steak and smiled faintly. “Tastes like home,” he murmured
quietly. He remembered ordering this dish back in the diner back in Tokyo as well. It was one
of his favorite dishes when he was a kid and having it reminded him of simpler times. At the
thought of Tokyo, he felt the ever-present, familiar pang in his heart of homesickness. To

regain his home and everything entailed was why he fought. He just simply had more reasons
to fight now as his journey continued.
Which meant he needed to work even harder, but not at the risk of neglecting his bonds. “I
tried making this myself before,” the Phantom Thief commented as he tore off another bit of
the steak. “But I could never really get the flavor just right. I think I’m missing something.”
“Have you tried adding onions to it to it?” Archer asked, crossing his arms. “If you dice up
onions and add them to the meat, it tenderizes it and makes it far easier to take apart. Not to
mention, it adds that small crunch and variance in flavor that tends to resonate with people.”
The Phantom Thief’s mouth dropped slightly before he smacked himself in the head. “Of
course!” he cried. “I can’t believe I forgot something that simple! Wow, how did I miss that?”
The red-mantled hero chuckled. “The devil’s in the details, as they say,” he replied with good
humor. “If you want, I can show you how to properly make it? While it’s a simple enough of
a recipe, there’s a few tricks that make it even better, in my opinion. But you’ll have to teach
me how to make coffee in return – I’m a good enough of a cook, but you can hear for
yourself the number of people that want your brews for work.”
That, Ren couldn’t deny. While they had nothing but praises for Archer’s cooking, the
reactions to his coffee were lukewarm in comparison. It wasn’t his fault either – coffeemaking was a rather specialized art, and Ren had been trained by Sojiro, a coffee expert and
connoisseur. His skills now matched that of Sojiro’s nowadays (or just ever so slightly behind
him, but he would only admit that on pain of death) so it was no surprise people liked his
coffee in turn.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “Sounds like a fair trade to me,” he agreed. “I say it’s a deal,
then.”
Archer grinned back in return, and in Ren’s heart he felt the warmth once again – a
Hierophant arcana. The Phantom Thief had to hold back from laughing. It was both the most
and least surprising arcana he expected.
“We can talk more about this later,” Archer concluded. “For now, again, your food’s getting
cold."
Ren nodded as he went back to his food and studies. He made more progress today – more
than he expected. And that was good enough for him for now.
Meanwhile, the red-mantled hero glanced up from Ren sat to an empty corner of the cafeteria
– or rather, empty for anyone who wasn’t a Servant. Him and the spectator silently gazed at
one another for a moment, then the former quietly broke off to head back into the kitchen. No
words had been exchanged either verbally or mentally, but the communication was clear.
Keep an eye on Ren.

A loud thud echoed in Ren’s room as the Phantom Thief placed a stack of books on his desk
for further study, followed by a softer slap as he placed his notepad down beside them.
Countless notes and questions had been written in from top to bottom, page to page. Even
Makoto would be impressed with how much he had been studying here. He started to put
something together, but it wasn’t enough. He felt like he was missing all the connecting
pieces. El-Melloi was probably right: he needed to learn the fundamentals.
With a heavy sigh, Ren leaned against his chair, massaging his eyes once more. It had been a
very productive day overall. Two arcana bonds, something to study and work on, and perhaps
a way to develop his powers even further. He would have to also continue working on the
Thieves Den as well – there were some interesting things he had noticed while he had been
experimenting with it and wanted to explore them a bit further. Maybe Jose would be there as
well. Some more supplies couldn’t hurt.
However, there was still other things he needed to take care of. He still needed a crafting
table. He should’ve asked Da Vinci for one when he was grabbing his order from her. There
was also the fact that he hadn’t been properly training either, either with his knifework, his
gunmanship, or his personas. He’d get rusty at this rate. There should be some time to work
on that. At least he hadn’t neglected his morning training, but that was only good at
maintaining what he had. Perhaps there were some exercises with an emphasis on stamina
and speed? Those were always a priority.
Ren quietly switched masks in his mind. “Pixie,” he murmured. The tiny persona appeared
once more and as she waved her hand, a green light lit up around the Phantom Thief. A cool
feeling washed over his tired body, soothing his aches and relieving him of his tired eyes and
mind. It wasn’t a complete restoration – he could still feel fatigue dragging on the fringes of
his mind and limbs – but it was far better than nothing.
“You are pushing yourself.”
He jumped a bit as Medusa materialized behind him in a corner. “Heh, not that much,” he
denied as he tried to calm his wildly beating heart. “It’s a pretty normal workload for me back
when I was in Tokyo.” He caught himself as he thought about it a bit more, then shrugged.
“Okay, maybe a slight bit more,” he admitted. “But it’s nothing I can’t handle.”
“To the point you are using your personas to restore your own energy?” the Rider pointed out
quietly. “And that you were unaware of my presence despite your usual attentiveness?”
The Phantom Thief said nothing, then ran a hand through his eternally messy hair. “I guess
I’m really out of it,” he admitted. Shambling over, he sat down on the bed with a huff.
“There’s just a lot I need to do these days,” he admitted. “And considering how the next
singularity can spring on us any moment, I’m not sure how much time I have either. I have a
lot to catch up and work on, so it’s better to get the ball rolling now to make it easier on
myself and everyone else later on. It’s fine – I’ve done this before.”
“And how long have you been doing this?” Medusa pressed.
Ren hesitated for a moment. “… more than I probably should,” he admitted. “Not the greatest
of ideas, I’ll admit, but like I said, there’s a lot to do. Not to worry though. I’ve been eating

and sleeping properly. Morgana makes sure of that last one.” He lost count of how many
times his best friend advised him to head to bed at a decent time. It had become something of
a running joke between them.
The irony that Morgana himself was having trouble sleeping wasn’t lost on either of them,
however.
He glanced up at Medusa and gave a rueful smile. “Do you mind not telling anyone about
this?” he asked. “Everyone’s busy with their own work and progress right now and I’d rather
not have them distracted, especially for a matter that’s really not a big deal.”
The fact he even asked her to hide it from others indicated otherwise but the Rider nodded,
nevertheless. “As you wish, Master,” she replied quietly. “On one condition.”
“Oh?” Ren asked, curious as to what someone like Medusa would ask of him. He tried
reading her gaze – she had incredibly beautiful eyes – and body language but they told him
nothing. But if it was within his power, he would do so.
“It is unbecoming for a Master to be exhausted, especially when they may be called to the
battlefield at any time,” she answered. “Therefore, if there is a way to help with your
exhaustion and fatigue, I request that you ask me for it so that you may properly work in the
days to come. Are you agreed on this?”
The Phantom Thief hadn’t expected that. Medusa normally wasn’t particularly forward about
matters – she herself insisted on being a mere ‘tool’ for her Masters, much to their
displeasure. Yet here she was, insisting that she would help him. It was a pleasant change, to
put it mildly.
He held up his hands in surrender. “Alright, sounds good with me,” he agreed. Then an idea
registered in his head. “Actually, there’s a way you could help me with my exhaustion and
fatigue right now, if you’re available.”
Medusa raised an eyebrow, and the corner of her lips lifted ever so slightly in amusement.
“The usual, Master?” she asked
Ren couldn’t help but laugh. “Yep, the usual,” he confirmed. “It’s definitely been a while and
I think I’ve told you before, but you’re really good at it.”
The Rider nodded almost imperceptibly. “You have,” she acknowledged. The last time she
had massaged him was back in the Roman singularity when they had that disastrous
conversation about the ‘paradise’. Since then, she had neither offered it nor had Ren asked for
it, most likely in consideration for her. It had certainly been some time. Now everything was
resolved – and it was clear that Ren would bear the burden of his choices, for good or ill.
As Ren began climbing on his bed, Medusa spoke up. “It would be easier for me to work on
your muscles without your shirt,” she pointed out.
The Phantom Thief glanced over in surprise, then nodded. “Alright then,” he replied.
Reaching up, he took off the jacket of his Master uniform, followed by his black t-shirt.

Medusa observed impassively. Her Master was of a surprisingly muscular, yet still lean build.
No scars either despite the numerous battles he had participated in. It reminded her of the
many ‘heroes’ that tried to claim her life in the past.
She kept that thought to herself. She highly doubted her Master would appreciate such a
comment.
Once Ren laid face down on the bed, the Rider stepped forward and straddled his back. As
soon as she placed her hands on his back and began applying pressure, a long sigh emerged
from the Thief’s lips. “I almost forgot how good this feels,” he mumbled.
“I’m glad to hear that, Master,” Medusa replied quietly as she continued to work, moderating
her strength as necessary to the optimal level. Her dexterous fingers worked up his back,
feeling all the tension and knots that lurked underneath Ren’s skin. It seemed he had been far
more stressed out than he had been letting on – and as miraculous as his personas seemed to
be, it seemed they had their limits.
Whenever she increased the pressure a bit to work them out, there was almost always an
inadvertent hiss or grunt from her Master in response. At times he even seemed to writhe a
bit from her ministrations. And each time he did, she could feel a small tingle crawling up her
spine. He never asked her to lighten up or that it was too painful, and so she continued. In a
way, it was rather mutually beneficial.
For a long while, it was quiet. The Rider quietly continued massaging Ren, who simply
relaxed under her touch save for the occasional sound of pain. The room felt larger and
emptier than usual as they occupied only small part of it. Seconds went by like minutes, yet
minutes felt like seconds in turn. It was an odd, yet not unwelcome, sensation.
In a sense, it felt like the world had shrunk down until it was only the two of them in this
room. Some might find such a sensation claustrophobic but for Medusa, it was a form of
comfort in its own right. It wasn’t often she had moments like this around others. It was
usually when she was enjoying a good book in a corner of the library. She certainly didn’t get
much of it whenever her sisters were around in life.
Still, she would have traded every moment of quiet solitude in the world for just a bit more
time with them.
“I hear you got to meet with your sister,” Ren grunted out underneath her, bringing Medusa
out of her thoughts. “How’d that go?”
The question caught the Rider off guard. Right, Morgana would have told them all about it as
a report. Not even that – she knew that the catlike being and Ren were close friends. There
was no doubt they would have spoken about it. “It was… eventful,” she responded quietly. “I
believe Morgana has reported the details to you, has he not?”
“He – erk! – did,” the Phantom Thief replied. “But I want to hear about it from you.” There
was a strange note in his tone that she couldn’t exactly place. Was it curiosity? Sympathy? Or
was it something else entirely?

Medusa was silent for a moment, kneading his muscles. “It has been… a very long time since
we had last spoken,” she quietly admitted. “And even when we met again, we were not able
to speak much. We had to focus on the mission and campaign. Circumstances occurred that
prevented us from speaking more to one another.”
“I see,” Ren murmured. Morgana had ranted a lot about Stheno, about how she could’ve
gotten Medusa killed because of the chimera and somehow it had been his fault because he
went for the treasure. And while he knew how prickly his best friend could be, there was a
difference between frustration and genuine anger – and Stheno had invoked the latter from
him. “Do you think we should’ve brought her along?”
“No,” Medusa immediately replied, her nails digging slightly into Ren’s back and causing
him to wince. “She would not have taken well to the soldiers, or of the war. It would’ve
been… difficult for her. And it would have been difficult for you and the other Masters as
well. Morgana made the right choice leaving my sister on the island instead of bringing her
with us.”
“… but?” Ren prodded.
The Rider paused. “But… what?” she asked warily.
“That’s what would have been good for the campaign and for us, sure,” the Phantom Thief
acknowledged. “But what about you? What did you want?”
Medusa was silent once more. Her hands were no longer working on his back, leaving her
simply straddled there as she quietly considered. “I…” she hesitantly answered. “I… would
have liked to speak with her more. It has been a long time and… there were words between
us that have gone unspoken. Even now, she is still my sister.”
Ren was quiet as the Rider began working on his back again, wincing slightly as she worked
out another knot in his back. He considered how distant he and his parents were. Was there
anything he wanted to say to them, or vice versa? No, there was nothing to say. Whatever
words they had for each other had evaporated that day when he had been arrested. “You truly
love her, don’t you,” he murmured.
The Rider heard another strange tone in her Master’s words and gulped slightly. “… yes,” she
whispered. “Yes, I do. I miss them.” The Phantom Thief said nothing further, and neither did
Medusa. The latter resumed her work, and silence fell between them once again.
Their only company now were memories of their families that, in one way or another, were
gone forever.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!

https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 104: Halloween
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Elizabeth was unamused.
She was making no progress whatsoever. Practicing solely in her own room had its merits but
there was only so much she could do before she hit a dead end. The acoustics were terrible
and there wasn’t nearly enough room to practice her dance steps as necessary. She needed a
studio to practice on both matters – one she didn’t have. There were dozens of empty rooms
in this facility! They could spare at least three for her to use!
And then there was the fact that absolutely no one was talking about her! In a closed
environment, being known was supposed to be a snap! However, everyone seemed more
interested in their computers or their work or other Servants, particularly that Avenger. She
was supposed to be the sparkling idol sensation, Eli-chan! Why wasn’t everyone her name
slipping from everyone’s lips?! Did she have to kill someone to get some attention around
here? It worked for that Avenger, apparently!
To top it all off, her manager was supposed to be helping her with all of that. Instead, that
puppy – no, not puppy. Raven – had done nothing of the sort! She wished she could accuse
him of laziness but that wasn’t the case from what she seen and heard. He had been
apparently running around the place like a madman, either talking to Servants or working on
some project or other. She could sympathize with a busy schedule considering her own, sure,
but this was getting ridiculous!
That left her stomping down the hallway away from the Raven’s bedroom. Neither he nor the
kitty were even there – they were probably off doing who knows what yet again – and she
needed a place to calm down. Maybe back to her room to belt off a few numbers first before
going fishing again. Still, it was a stopgap. While she was trying to be patient, it was rapidly
running thin, and if this kept up, she would have to take matters into her own hands.
As she fumed, she suddenly tripped over something. Oh for – what did she even trip over?!
Can’t those robots at least clean properly?! She turned around to glare at the obstacle, ready
to vent all her frustration – and her eyes widened. All her rage melted away into awe and
shock as she slowly reached over to take it in her hands. Glowing, sparkling, powerful.
Perhaps, with this…
She was the great idol Eli-chan. And if an opportunity to remind the world of that was
present, then she would simply have to seize it with both claws.
Ren leaned against the wall of his shower as the hot water splashed and flowed over his body.
His mind felt even more muddled than usual and while his body wasn’t sore, he felt
physically fatigued from running around and spamming his personas for Waver’s research.

As he tiredly went over the list of tasks in his head, he reached out to cup a hand underneath
the flow of water, then splashed it against his face.
Despite just waking up, he didn’t feel rested at all – probably not helped by his further work
and experimentation on the Thieves Den as well as more lessons from Olga and Lavenza.
The two had observed Waver connect the dots with his magecraft and were ramping up their
lessons so he could further understand his personas. A fascinating subject, but complicated to
really learn. He would probably have to add some espresso shots to his coffee today. Sojiro
normally frowned on such a practice – aside from too much caffeine, it also threw off the
flavor profile of the brew – but there wasn’t much of a choice here.
“Are you alright, Ren? You seem pretty tired.”
The Phantom Thief glanced over. Morgana was somewhere outside the shower, probably
looking concerned. He gave a tired smile, despite his best friend not being able to see it.
“Getting back into the swing of things,” he replied as he squirted some shampoo into his
hand. “The first day back from summer break is always the hardest – and it certainly feels
like school just started back up.”
“You sure about that?” the catlike being called back skeptically. “I don’t recall school ever
draining you that much, except maybe during exam week.”
The imagery had Ren chuckling. “Well, you’re not too off the mark,” he remarked with a grin
as he washed his hair. “Lots of cramming about stuff you have no idea about, and if you fail
it’s the end of the world as you know it. I know Ryuji, Ann, and Makoto would’ve agreed.”
Morgana let out a frustrated sigh. “That’s not what I mean, Ren, and you know it!” he shot
back from his perch on Ren’s desk: a tiny spot that wasn’t covered in papers, books, and
other stationary. If he wasn’t in his cat form, he wouldn’t have been able to fit. Then a
blinking, beeping red light from the room’s laptop caught his attention. Reaching over with a
paw, he scrolled to the notification and clicked it open, revealing Roman’s slightly harried
face. “Hey doctor,” he called over. “What’s going on?”
Roman blinked as he looked around the screen. ‘Where’s Ren?’ he asked. ‘I thought he was in
his room still. Don’t tell me he went for breakfast already!’
“I’m in the shower!” Ren called out, sure his voice was audible despite the sounds of his
shower. “What’s going on?”
‘We have readings of a new singularity that spontaneously formed,’ the doctor replied. ‘We’re
still gathering data on it right now. It seems relatively small but not enough that we can
dismiss it as something that would resolve by itself. When you’re ready, can the both of you
meet me in the Command Room? I’ll brief you guys and we can go from there.’
Morgana’s eyes widened, then he nodded with a serious expression on his face. “Got it,” he
acknowledged. “We’ll be there in a bit.” The doctor nodded. As the window winked out, Ren
stepped out of the shower, drying his hair. “You caught all that?” he asked.
“I did,” Ren confirmed as he reached over for his t-shirt. “We’re going to be busy today.”

Ten minutes later, they entered the Command Room. Roman was at the main console, staring
at the readings, flanked by Da Vinci, Mash, and Ritsuka. “Didn’t miss much, I hope?” Ren
asked as the two of them approached.
All four of them looked up. “Hey Ren, have you talked to Elizabeth recently?” Ritsuka asked
without preamble.
The question caught the Phantom Thief off guard. “Not recently, no,” he admitted. “I’ve been
meaning to talk to her, but I’ve been caught up with other matters. Why?”
Instead of answering, Ritsuka looked back at Roman. The doctor gulped a bit. “So, this new
singularity,” he began. “It’s rather indistinct – we couldn’t even get a good reading on the
date or location. What’s most concerning of all though is we found Elizabeth’s signal there.
We were hoping you might be able to shed some light on what happened.”
“I searched for Elizabeth,” Mash supplied. “And confirmed the situation, senpai – she is
currently absent from Chaldea. She most likely is in this new singularity.”
“Wait, a singularity just… spontaneously popped up?” Morgana questioned. “They can just
do that? How many do we have to deal with?”
“Allow me to explain, gatto,” Da Vinci answered, smiling as always. “Time is not a linear
path as is common conjecture – no, it often branches out into various other paths. What ifs,
potential actions, unintended consequences, and more. These can create singularities. Most of
the time, they are incredibly weak and tend to vanish by themselves. However, if there is a
particularly powerful object or force present, then it may anchor its existence. Those are the
ones that need to be dealt with.”
Ren quietly listened to the Caster’s explanation as he looked over at the readings while a
feeling of dread and resignation set in. He knew that Elizabeth was willful to a degree, but he
had a feeling this entire situation was his fault. Now it was time to make amends yet again.
“Well, we better get it resolved then,” he remarked, forcing a smile. He looked over at
Ritsuka and Morgana. “You guys have ideas on who to bring?”
“I already asked Artoria to meet us in the Coffin Room,” Ritsuka replied. “Better safe than
sorry.”
“In that case, I’ll ask Jeanne,” Morgana piped up before sending a mental communication to
the Saint.
The Phantom Thief nodded as he decided who to bring along. He considered Loki but
considering their entire situation was still fresh, it probably wasn’t the wisest idea. Same with
Medea, given her reputation both in legend and among the other Servants. He hadn’t had a
chance to talk with her himself either to get a good gauge of her personality. No, it wouldn’t
be a good idea to bring her. Perhaps“Perhaps I might be of assistance, Masters?”

At the booming voice, all of turned to see Nero sauntering in with a proud smile as always.
“Forgive my intrusion, but I could not help overhearing,” she explained. “I have some
familiarity with Elizabeth Bathory and wished to exchange words with her. Not to mention, I
wish to prove my capabilities as a Servant – this would be a fine audition and rehearsal. Will
you allow me to take the field?”
The Masters all looked at one another. Granted, they haven’t seen Nero’s capabilities as a
Servant, only as a human and emperor back in the Roman singularity. It would be a good idea
to have a better judgement of what to expect from her. “Alright then, Nero,” Ren accepted
with a grin. “Welcome aboard.”
Nero’s smile widened as she nodded. “A prompt decision – I approve,” she declared. “Now
then, make what preparations you need. I shall join you anon in the Coffin Room.” With that,
she turned and walked away, vanishing into golden dust and leaving everyone in stunned
silence.
Da Vinci couldn’t help but giggle. “I’ve seen the recordings,” she commented. “But I hadn’t
expected her to be so lively. Still, you have made good choices. We’ll begin preparations for
the rayshift, so gather what supplies you need.”
The Masters and Mash nodded and left the Command Room. Roman and Da Vinci watched
them leave. “You know, it is a wonder that they have not noticed,” the latter mused.
“That they have not noticed what?” Roman inquired.
The Uomo Universale raised an eyebrow. Instead of directly answering, she leaned over
Roman’s terminal and tapped a few keys, opening up the display feed of the Coffin Room –
and showing Nero gesticulating excitedly at her peers while both Artoria and Jeanne looked
polite if rather unnerved, sharing concerned glances at each other in front of the emperor.
“Notice it now?” she asked.
Roman narrowed his eyes, looked between the three women… then gave a very deep sigh.
“Can I ask you for a favor, Da Vinci?”
Da Vinci raised an eyebrow. “Oh?” she inquired.
“Can you… man the station here while I go get myself a coffee for five?” he grumbled as he
massaged his temples. “I think - no, I know – I’m going to need all of it.”
The eternal smile of the Caster widened. “How about we monitor the situation first, then
decide if coffee is needed?” she suggested. “If it is, then I shall make it. And if the situation
isn’t as urgent as we believed, then you can join me for it – it has been a while since our last
conversation, has it not?”
The doctor’s mouth dropped slightly opened as he tried his best to ignore the pointed,
encouraging stares from the other staff. He licked his lips nervously, gulped, then sighed in
defeat. “Alright, that’s a better idea,” he admitted. Turning back, he looked at the surveillance
feed as Nero was enthusiastically shaking the hands of both Artoria and Jeanne, the latter two
looking rather nonplussed. “I was worried if they’ll get along, to be honest,” he remarked.

Da Vinci grinned. “I’m sure the Masters would not have chosen them if they didn’t,” she
reassured the doctor. Roman could only sigh in exhaustion and resignation. He just hoped this
singularity would prove to be straightforward.
Why did he have a sinking feeling he just jinxed it?
A bright flash, a whirling tunnel of light, and everything faded to darkness. Once it lifted,
they were standing in a forest filled with dead trees. It was evening with cloudy skies,
coloring the heavens in a dark blue pall. The ground beneath them was barren, with only soil
and gravel underneath their feet. The air around them was brisk and cool, though not
uncomfortably so. A stiff wind passed through the branches, causing them to creak and groan
as they swayed.
The atmosphere was made no better with the sole landmark the Chaldeans found themselves
standing at: A large, foreboding castle loomed above them, dark as the descending night.
Various windows glowed ominously from within with shadows occasionally passing by. The
main gate was open, with both portcullis raised and drawbridge lowered, leading into an
ornate hallway. Despite the lavish decorations, they were seemingly alone.
“… well, this isn’t creepy at all,” Ritsuka couldn’t help but snark. “All we need now is a
couple werewolves prowling outside and a vampire inviting us in.”
“It would seem whoever is the owner of this castle, they are prepared for guests,” Nero
observed. “While I normally would applaud them welcoming grand personages such as
ourselves, this undoubtedly feels like a trap.”
“Would Elizabeth even think to set one?” Morgana asked skeptically.
Nero paused in thought, then nodded. “You raise a good point, Master,” she acceded. “No,
she would be too prideful for such a thing. I believe we can accept it as an invitation for now,
though we should still exercise caution.”
The catlike being glanced over at the emperor. “How do you know Elizabeth’s habits so well,
Nero?” he asked out of curiosity.
The emperor smiled enigmatically. “We have crossed paths – and blades – a number of
times,” she explained. “But that is a story for another time. For now, it is better to accept
Elizabeth’s actions at face value. She is rarely one for deception or trickery – she would only
stoop to that level in direst need.”
Artoria, meanwhile, was quietly scanning the woods to make sure they wouldn’t be
ambushed from behind. “Are you able to contact Chaldea, Amamiya?” she asked without
turning.
Ren frowned as he tapped his communicator again, only to have it show more static.
“Nothing so far,” he replied bemusedly. “First time in a while communication’s been this bad.
Mash, you got anything?”

The Shielder had also been working on her communicator, fiddling with various frequencies
and settings to try and get a picture, before shaking her head sadly. “I’m receiving no
communications from Chaldea either, senpai,” she reported. “Given our continued existences,
however, we are most likely still connected and monitored. They’ll likely reestablish
communications before long.”
“Someone is approaching!” Jeanne suddenly cried.
Everyone immediately whirled to face the open hallway, summoning their weapons. Artoria
remained in the rear, still keeping a watch in case something would ambush them from the
woods. There was a flurry of motion within. Everyone tensed up, readying themselves for a
fight –
Then a side door opened and a line of skeletons marched out, all carrying items. Not weapons
or armor; instead, they carried items like cables, speakers, subwoofers, planks of wood, and
other miscellaneous items. Their bony feet clattered against the tiled ground, echoing as they
marched on by without even turning toward the Chaldeans standing outside who were all just
staring at the procession in confusion.
The lead skeleton reached a door on the opposite side of the hallway and began turning the
knob – and was crashed into by its peer right behind it. Followed by the next, then the next,
then the next. It turned around and started clattering at its companion, its jaw rapidly working
up and down as it gestured angrily with a free hand. Its peer began following suit, arguing
back in clatters as all the other skeletons started ‘yelling’ at each other in turn.
The Chaldeans glanced at each other as they slowly lowered their weapons, the tension
rapidly draining from the atmosphere. “I must admit, I did not think the undead could be so…
lively,” Jeanne commented, bewildered. “But admittedly I’m not as well versed in dealing
with them. Is this a common occurrence?” She looked at the others for any answers as if to
reassure herself she wasn’t merely seeing things.
Artoria shook her head. “They are normally not this animated, no,” she replied slowly, staring
at the skeletons. “Or at least, they shouldn’t be. Most likely they’re a different form of
undead, though what exactly eludes me.”
“Aside from the fact that they’re skeletons, you mean?” Ritsuka asked, staring at the stillarguing undead.
“Aside from that, yes,” the Saber confirmed.
“Oh for – I leave you lot alone for a mere ten seconds and you cannot complete a simple task
without being babysat!”
At the frustrated voice, everyone once more turned around and raised their weapons. From
the same door out stomped a woman. She was tall and shapely, dressed in a black leather
outfit that left incredibly little to the imagination. Attached was a long, red skirt that draped
around her legs and reached up to a high collar that frilled up behind her neck, giving it the
appearance of a regal evening dress despite its lascivious form.

Marching past the arguing skeletons, she ripped open the door. “Move, you idiots!” she
snarled. “The later you are, the shriller that girl’s shrieks will be, and I have absolutely no
intention of suffering from your incompetence!” The skeletons straightened up – almost in
fear – and began marching in double time through the door, carrying their supplies with them
without any further prompting. The woman glared at them as they marched through before
slamming the door shut behind them, pinching the bridge of her nose in frustration.
Then she looked up and noticed the Chaldeans. The woman was beautiful, regal and cold in
demeanor. Her shoulder-length white hair ended in well-done curls as she haughtily scanned
them with yellow eyes glinting with barely concealed malice, her otherwise regal beauty
marred by her deathly white skin. The power she radiated compared to the skeletons was like
that of night and day – it was clear she was a Servant. They stared at one another, sizing each
other upThe woman broke the silence first by breathing an irritated sigh. “And of all the time her
guests had to show up, it had to be now,” she grumbled. “She could have planned an actually
appropriate time to invite them but no, it had to be immediate. Does that little girl think such
events grow out of trees?! Oh, what am I saying, of course she does! No sense of planning
nor fashion, nor even of taste or decorum! And yet here I am slaving away as she demands!
This is beyond vexing!”
And once more, the tension was drained from the air as the woman kept complaining to
herself instead of acknowledging them. The Chaldeans once more could only look at each
other in confusion. Whatever they expected, this certainly wasn’t it. Nor could Ren, Morgana,
Artoria, or Jeanne exactly forget about her – the last time they saw her, she was their enemy
back in the France singularity and wanted to drain their blood. However, she had made no
comment or mention about their last meeting.
“Come now, Carmilla, we must not leave guests waiting and unaddressed.”
The woman – Carmilla – turned and glared at the newcomer as a tall man stepped forward
from the depths of the hall. Sharply dressed, his longer pale, blonde hair framed his sharp iceblue eyes. A moustache and goatee, both meticulously trimmed and neat, framed his mouth
as he smiled warmly to the Chaldeans. His black coat flared out on the bottom in tatters,
revealing the grieves he wore instead of shoes or boots. He was an incredibly lean man,
contrasting sharply with Carmilla’s shapely figure.
They immediately recognized him too – he had also been one of the enemy Servants back in
France, though he had been swiftly cut down both at their first meeting and his cognition in
the doppelganger’s Palace.
Carmilla scoffed. “They are not my guests, Vlad,” she snapped. “I see no reason to welcome
them. If anything, I would rather turn such riffraff away – though the women perhaps may be
of service.” So saying, she eyed the three Servants as well as Ritsuka and Mash with a
predatory gaze. Artoria, Nero, Jeanne, and Mash all lifted their weapons as Ren and Morgana
both moved protectively in front of Ritsuka, all of them ready to fight at a moment’s notice.
“Yet they are guests nevertheless,” Vlad firmly admonished with a sharp stare at his cohort.
“And our host has made it clear they are not to be harmed, but shown in.” The woman huffed

and turned away ill-temperedly in response, no longer emanating killing intent. Meanwhile,
the man stepped forward. Placing a white gloved hand on his chest, he bowed deeply in
greeting. “Welcome,” he called out. “To the Castle Csejte. I am Vlad Tepes, a Berserker
Servant, and this is Carmilla, Assassin. May I ask whom I have the honor of addressing?”
Vlad Tepes…? Ren knew that name well: an infamously horrific ruler who was known for
impaling his victims and leaving them up for display to discourage invaders, all for the safety
and security of his kingdom. His cruelty fit his infamous moniker which meant ‘Son of the
Dragon’ in his own language, with ‘dragon’ being an allegory for the Devil. A name that now
resounded in infamy, one way or another. It was“V-Vlad Tepes?” Ritsuka gasped. “Dracula??”
Vlad turned slightly to rest his gaze upon the Master. Although his expression hadn’t
changed, the temperature seemed to have lowered several degrees as Mash, Morgana, and
Ren instinctively moved closer to Ritsuka to protect her. “That is what I have been called,
yes,” he replied calmly. “But I would prefer if you simply referred to me as either Berserker
or Vlad. I am nothing more than a Servant and thus, there is little need for honorifics or…
titles. I believe that shall be acceptable?”
Ritsuka, who had turned as white as a sheet under the stare of the Berserker’s cold blue eyes,
nodded hurriedly and silently. The atmosphere relaxed back to normal as Vlad nodded in
response. “Now then,” he continued. “There is an evening repast currently being prepared.
Please, allow me to show you to the dining room.”
Again, all of the Chaldeans were left looking at one another. Finally, Nero took the lead, her
red greatsword vanishing from her hands. “If that is the case, then it would be an insult not to
partake,” the emperor declared. “Lead on, Vlad Tepes!”
Artoria sighed as her invisible blade vanished as well. “It is at least significantly easier to
enter when invited,” she reluctantly agreed. “And I’m not sensing any hostility. Still, it is best
to be wary.”
“Agreed,” Jeanne replied, though her eyes glittered with some amusement as she looked over
at the king. “Though are you sure it is not because you also wish to eat as well? I don’t
believe I ever see you miss a single mealtime in Chaldea.”
The king gave the saint a flat stare. “You know as well enough I don’t eat that much,” she
grumbled. “Do take this more seriously, Jeanne.”
Jeanne smiled ruefully. “My apologies,” she replied. “But I believe we should be fine here –
as I recall, Vlad Tepes may have been cruel but he was also honorable. We should have no
trouble here.”
As the Servants discussed the invitation, Ren looked back at Ritsuka. “You alright, Ritsu?” he
asked gently, placing a hand on her shoulder.
Ritsuka had a hand on her chest, trying to catch her breath from the sheer amount of terror
she had just gone through. She nodded as she gave an uneasy smile. “Aside from seeing my

entire life flash before my eyes there for a bit, yeah,” she answered shakily. Closing her eyes,
she took a deep breath to stabilize herself. “So, don’t call Vlad that name, got it,” she
muttered to herself.
The Phantom Thief smiled sympathetically. “Let’s get going, guys,” he stated. Everyone
nodded and headed in, the Servants keeping a protective cordon around the Masters just in
case. As they stepped in, Ren noted that neither the drawbridge nor portcullis raised. It would
be a good way to escape if need be, though another exfiltration route wouldn’t hurt. If a
Phantom Thief never entered through the front door (current circumstances aside), then there
was no reason they needed to leave through it either.
The hallway was brightly lit with countless chandeliers and candlestands as they walked
through, highlighting the various decorations within: Stands with various busts and pottery,
many of the latter modeled on Elizabeth, as well as various paintings. In stark contrast, they
were punctuated with bright posters of Elizabeth in various idol poses, with her name
emblazoned on them as ‘Shining Star Eli-Chan!’. They contrasted sharply to the formal,
regal appearance of the hallway. Further down, they saw more skeletons busily putting up
even more posters.
“It seems Elizabeth has been busy,” Jeanne remarked, staring up at the posters.
“Umu, naturally,” Nero declared. “As an aspiring idol who reaches for the very stars and
beyond, it is to be expected that she would be occupied. Of course, she does not shine nearly
as bright as all of us, especially me, but her effort is more than commendable.”
Jeanne could only laugh uneasily at the comment before glancing at Artoria, who met her
eyes, and they both shared a sigh. When they first met with Nero, the emperor had been
immediately beside herself that her beauty was shared with the infamous King Arthur and
Jeanne d’Arc, even declaring the two of them must be her descendants. Meanwhile, both the
king and the saint had to reconcile that the infamous Nero was the young woman standing in
front of them, bearing a similar appearance to them both. In the end, they could neither make
heads nor tails of her, but at least she was more than cordial enough – if a bit exhausting.
“Here is the dining room,” Vlad finally stated as they stopped at a pair of large doors. “The
staff have been… incredibly excited about their cooking, so please excuse their enthusiasm.”
“If they’re that excited then it’ll probably be tasty as heck,” Ritsuka remarked with a bright
grin. “I can’t wait.”
Vlad smirked. “I appreciate your candor,” he replied as he reached for the doorknob. “Please
enjoy.” He opened the door – and suddenly, the entire group was swarmed by skeletons,
chattering as their bones collided with one another as their jaws worked. All of them bore
some sort of dish or cuisine, offering them up to the group before being pushed aside and
replaced with another skeleton with their own plate. It was a miracle in of itself that
somehow, nothing was getting spilled.
“I th-think this is beyond enthusiasm!” Jeanne cried out as she tried to stay afloat among the
swarm.

“Ack-! One at a time, one at a time!” Ritsuka shouted before she had four different plates
shoved in her direction.
“H-hey! Watch it! I’m getting trampled!” Morgana screeched before clambering up Artoria,
who was similarly getting mobbed.
Ren, who was more used to such large crowds (Tokyo rushes were almost as bad as this),
moved to assist when he felt a hand on his shoulder. “A word, if you would, Ren Amamiya,”
Vlad’s voice murmured in his ear, just loud enough to be heard over the clattering of bones
and the startled shouts of the Chaldeans. “I would like to speak with you about Elizabeth.”
The Phantom Thief’s attention immediately turned toward the Berserker. “Something about
her?” he asked warily.
Vlad nodded and gestured to a side door. Weaving their way through the army of skeletons,
they slid through and closed it behind them. The door led to a side corridor with a spiral
staircase at the end of it. The Berserker turned around to face Ren. “Before I begin, I must
ask you,” he questioned. “What have you come here for?”
Ren blinked in surprise at the question. “It was to check out the singularity,” he replied. “And
once we found out the cause, to deal with it. That’s the mission we were sent here with.”
“And what else?” the Berserker pressed, picking up on the incomplete nature of his answer.
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow as he switched personas in his mind, just in case.
“You’re asking a lot right now when none of us are in the best position for it,” he replied,
forcing a smirk as he leaned against a wall and stared dispassionately into the man’s ice-blue
eyes. “Your courtesy is great so far, but at the moment, we have no idea whether you’re an
enemy or not. With that in mind, why should I answer you?”
The air around them grew colder once again as Vlad’s gaze bore down on Ren. “I would take
you to task for your insolence,” he growled. “Were it not for your role here. If you wish to
make me your enemy, then I can very well oblige. However, that is not what was asked of
me, nor would Elizabeth approve. What I am doing is divining your intentions and seeing if
my intervention is necessary, one way or another. So I ask you again, Ren Amamiya: What
have you come here for?”
Ren stared back at Vlad without answering, the muffled sounds of the chaos outside echoing
through the corridor. The man’s countenance was stern and unyielding but despite his dark
appearance, he couldn’t sense any malevolence from him. A far cry from when they first
encountered each other back in the France singularity.
His words had also caught his attention: Elizabeth wouldn’t approve. With how regal
someone like Vlad was, something like that wouldn’t be said lightly. Whether he answered
truthfully or not, he was taking a risk, but that wasn’t exactly anything new.
Finally, the Phantom Thief sighed ruefully. “I need to talk to Elizabeth,” he replied earnestly.
“I made a promise to help her out, but I haven’t followed up with her in the slightest. Pretty
sure everything going on here is my fault right now.”

Vlad nodded as the cold atmosphere around him finally lifted. “As capricious as Elizabeth is,
you do bear responsibility for not fulfilling your promise,” he agreed firmly before his gaze
softened. “That said, I am glad to see you are aware of your failings and what you must do.
Still, you played an incredibly risky game, and in front of a Servant no less. Did you believe
that necessary?”
Ren smiled. “A bit,” he admitted. “I wanted to make sure that you weren’t going to harm
Elizabeth with anything I tell you.”
The Berserker’s eyes narrowed. “And why would you believe I would do such a thing?” he
asked in curiosity and no small degree of surprise.
“Not sure if you remember,” the Phantom Thief elaborated. “But we were enemies in the
France singularity, and you were… a bit more sadistic than how you are now.” A more
accurate term would be ‘bloodthirsty’, both literally and figuratively, but he had a feeling
Vlad wouldn’t appreciate the description. “I had to make sure you wouldn’t use that
knowledge for your own ends to harm Elizabeth, after all. Sorry about that.”
Vlad started in surprise. “We have… met before?” he murmured. “And you would believe I
would harm Elizabeth?” Regaining himself, he cleared his throat as he regained his
composure. “It seems you have met another summon of me, but I have no recollection of this.
Nevertheless, I apologize for my discourtesy. And as for harming Elizabeth… while most
would find it difficult to believe, that is the furthest thing from my mind.”
He looked down at Ren and for once, a genuine smile creased his lips. “But I suspect I do not
have to convince you of that,” he added.
Ren chuckled in response. “I had a feeling,” he simply replied. “Now, you know where
Elizabeth is?”
The Berserker nodded and pointed at the spiral staircase. “Head up two floors and take a
right,” he answered. “You’ll know her location when you see it. As for your companions,
Carmilla and I shall ensure they are entertained in the meantime.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow. “The others aren’t gonna be happy if they notice I’m
gone,” he pointed out.
Vlad frowned as he looked back at the doorway. “No, they wouldn’t,” he agreed. Though all
of them were powerful Servants, the king and the saintess were of especially great concern. “I
suppose we shall grant them a change of venue. Once you believe it time to rejoin them, head
outside the castle – I shall arrange matters so you may swiftly rejoin them.”
Ren nodded in reply and thanks. “Got it,” he acknowledged. “Thanks for your help, Vlad.”
The Berserker smiled. “Thank you, Ren Amamiya,” he returned. He watched as the Phantom
Thief turned and swiftly ascended the stairs. The count had been curious about the man
Elizabeth complained so much about, wondering if he was some sort of sluggard or a fool.
But no matter what he attempted, Ren had always met his stare without hesitation. And it

wasn’t idiocy that prompted that, but surety and confidence – and his unyielding defense of
Elizabeth. No, it seemed he was a rare breed of man indeed.
As for Ren not fulfilling his word… while the count held oaths and promises sacred, he knew
more than most that the demands of the world sometimes rendered them untenable. But the
Master had been earnest enough to immediately rush to rectify that as soon as he had the
opportunity. This situation may have been his fault, but there could be no mistaking his
merits – his bravery, cunning, resourcefulness, and honor. No wonder why his niece was so
taken with him, even with all of her complaining.
Turning away, he straightened himself as he reached for the door. That was enough
contemplation. Elizabeth would be in good company soon enough.
In the meantime, he had guests to attend to.
“Get those lights over there set up over there and angle it properly!”
“Plug the wires in by the colors! Wha- what do you mean you can’t see colors?! … Well, I
suppose you’re lucky to see at all. Just – set it down there, I’ll do it!”
“Hey, who used half-rotten lumber for this corner of the stage!? Do you WANT everything to
collapse?!?”
Elizabeth wiped sweat off her forehead as she continued turning the bolts. She was in the
midst of helping to construct the metal supports for the spotlights above her stage. The
audience chamber which was being converted into a stage was filled with the sounds of
construction and bones clattering as skeletons bustled about, setting everything up and
moving supplies and equipment to and fro. They were serviceable workers but not the most
intelligent nor the most competent – so it fell to an idol like her to be their foreman as well.
She glanced up and her eyes widened as a sprinting skeleton dashed past, subwoofer in its
arms – one that that was rapidly tipping over. “S-slow down, you’re going to-!” she
screamed.
“Whoa there!”
A blur of white later and Ren appeared out of nowhere, rapidly catching the subwoofer. “I get
the rush,” he remarked. “But that’s when you have to be more careful. I’ll take care of this
one.” The skeleton’s jaw dropped – literally – before it saluted and ran off. Meanwhile, Ren
looked up at Elizabeth. “Where do you need this?”
“R-raven?!” the idol spluttered in pure shock. He wasn’t supposed to be here yet! Then her
mind processed the question. “P-put it over there!” she hurriedly answered, pointing to the far
side of the stage with her wrench. Ren nodded as he waddled away with a huff. She could
only stare as he left, then shook her head and continued securing the metal scaffolding.
Finishing a set of bolts, she shoved the wrench to a skeleton that was passing by. “You, finish
this,” she snapped before she stomped off.

Stalking over to the other side of the stage, she found Ren straightening out the cables behind
the subwoofers and speakers, organizing and tidying them up. “What are you doing here?”
she demanded. “If you think this is enough to get my forgiveness for putting me off this long,
raven, then you are dead wrong! I had been waiting day in, day out for you to talk to me! You
have a lot of nerve to keep me, upcoming idol Eli-chan, waiting for so long!”
Ren didn’t immediately answer, knowing that the idol wasn’t done. He accepted her
recriminations – he had been putting off meeting her while he had been busy mending
bridges and explaining himself to other Servants, as well as researching his own persona
magecraft. This was simply the repercussions and he would accept them.
“And you’re supposed to be my manager!” Elizabeth continued, her voice shrill. “You said
you’d help me reach the top! But you haven’t done anything like that! I’ve had to do
everything by myself – which is what I’m supposed to do, sure, but I need support, and not
just from loyal fans! What’s the big idea, leaving me high and dry after all your lofty
promises?!”
“I’ve had to establish some connections and grounding first,” the Phantom Thief replied.
Although many of her recriminations were justified, he wasn’t going to take all of it lying
down. “With everything that had been happening around Chaldea, you’d get entangled with
controversies and scandals. Now, with things getting settled, people can properly pay
attention to you as you deserve.”
He paused to take a breath. “Still, none of that excuses my negligence,” he finished. He
bowed contritely. “I’m sorry, Elizabeth, for slacking off,” he apologized. “But I’m here now,
and I’ll work double time to make it up to you. An idol like you only deserves my best, after
all.”
Elizabeth’s mouth hung open slightly as she tried to think of a retort, then closed it as she
continued glaring at him. She was still mad, but he was earnest in his desire to make amends.
And that grin of his… oh damnit, what was she thinking about at a time like this?! She turned
away, feeling an uncomfortable warmth in her cheeks. “Hmph,” she snorted. “You’ve still a
lot to make up for, raven. You and the others weren’t even supposed to be here so soon, so we
need to move our schedule up.”
Looking up, she glared at the working skeletons. “Pick up the pace, everyone!” she shouted.
“Showtime is in an hour! A minute later and your heads are going to be bowling balls!”
She turned back to Ren as every skeleton’s jaws literally hit the floor. “And you, raven,” she
continued pointedly. “You’re supposed to be my manager, are you not? Get to work
coordinating the lighting here while I go set up the speakers!”
Ren grinned. “I got a slightly better idea,” he replied. He switched masks in his mind, then
tore it off once more.
“Macabre!”
With a flash of blue flame, a new persona sprang into being. Thin and lanky, it was a
humanoid being wearing a tight black suit emblazoned with a ghostly patten with a frilled

collar. Its head was white and featureless like a mannequin, save for a red arcane symbol
painted in front. It twisted around and bowed low to Ren before turning to Elizabeth, bowing
to her in turn.
“I thought another pair of hands would speed things along,” Ren elaborated at Elizabeth’s
flabbergasted stare. “And since my persona is ‘me’, you’re getting two of me for the price of
one. Will that work for you?”
Elizabeth could only stare in shock before finally collecting herself. “I-it’s a start,” she
replied grumpily. It certainly wasn’t something she expected but no matter how helpful it
was, the idol wasn’t about to let Ren off the hook so easily. “Raven, you head to the lights.
And… stagehand! Help with getting that stage up! Some idiot used half-rotten timber for the
supports!”
Ren nodded. Looking up at the metal scaffolding, he noticed the skeletons ‘arguing’ about the
positioning of the spotlights. That was as good a place to start as any. His eyes turned red as
he used his Third Eye to find a secure spot, then fired his grappling hook to latch on to the
scaffold. Reeling himself up, he released the hook and easily flipped up to the top, startling
the skeletons. “Here, adjust it like this,” he directed. “This will give Elizabeth more
illumination.”
As for the persona, it nodded in acknowledgement. Walking towards a group of skeletons
who were stationed near the stage and bowed low in greeting. As the jaws of the skeletons
literally fell to the ground in reaction, the sinister-looking being grabbed a set of tools and
some lumber before sliding under the stage. Its body contorted and twisted past the supports
in an unnerving manner, easily finding the troubled areas. Without any sound or further ado,
it got to work, propping up the stage as it replaced the bad support with fresh lumber and
securing it in place.
The idol, meanwhile, had been watching the Phantom Thief: From his eyes changing color to
the grappling hook to the way he flipped onto the scaffolding. He wasn’t even trying to show
off – it simply seemed the most efficient way to get up there. And despite having his persona
working as well, the raven wasn’t half-assing his own duties. He directed the skeletons and
observing the stage with each light, observing where each light would go, how it could be
maximized, as well as checking on their installation and making sure they’re properly
secured.
Then she blinked and smacked herself on the cheeks, startling the skeletons around her.
“Enough of this,” she grumbled to herself. “I can’t afford to get distracted – there’s no time
to!” Looking back up, Elizabeth glared up at Ren. “I better not see you slacking off!” she
shouted up at him. “Or I’m REALLY going to let you have it!”
The Phantom Thief looked back down from the scaffolding and smirked. “Weren’t you the
one staring at me and spacing out just a second ago?” he shot back. “If that’s the case, maybe
the schedule isn’t as tight as you think!”
“Geh-!” Elizabeth had not expected him to see that. She thought he was busy! Feeling the
heat bloom in her cheeks from embarrassment, she glared back up at him. “Your eyes are

playing tricks on you!” she insisted. “Now get to work! And I better not catch you slacking
off!”
“You got it, Shining Star Eli-Chan!” Ren acknowledged with a grin before turning back to the
lighting, leaving Elizabeth to stomp off toward the speakers, her blush only deepening with
the callout of her idol name from him. Someone like him should not be so mouthy and
teasing her, not when this was all his fault. But at least he was helping out and going above
and beyond to fix the whole situation. Their timetable was pushed up but perhaps with the
raven’s help, they might be able to pull through. Just so long as nothing else went wrongThe wire for the speaker suddenly tore as she pulled too hard. She could only stare at the
frayed end while trying to bite back a scream.
Damn that Ren Amamiya!
“I gotta head out, Elizabeth!”
The idol looked down in surprise. She had been floating in the air threading some cabling
through the scaffolding. “Head out where?” she demanded. “We’re not even halfway done,
raven!”
“The others are probably gonna be wondering where I am at this point,” Ren answered. “I
have to head back before they realize something’s wrong and come charging back. Like you
said, we’re not even halfway done. Don’t worry, once I head them off I’ll come right back!”
Elizabeth huffed in annoyance but could see the logic of Ren’s reasoning. He was the central
figure of Chaldea, as much as it annoyed her, and if they noticed he had vanished, then they
would all freak out. “Fine, fine,” she grumbled. “But I’m going to hold you to that! You
better not take your sweet time like you did before!”
Ren grinned in response. “Not that long,” he reassured her as Macabre vanished. As much as
he wanted to keep the persona here to help her out, he wouldn’t be able to maintain it once he
left the room. It was one of the things he and Waver had tested with his magecraft. “I’ll just
be fashionably late at worst.”
He ran off with Elizabeth’s outraged screeches echoing behind him. While he still felt bad
about leaving her in the lurch before and now, he couldn’t help but tease her a bit. Racing out
the door which was covered in more scaffolding, lights, and posters (Vlad wasn’t kidding
when he said he’d know it when he’d see it), he quickly descended back to the first floor the
way he came from.
Walking through the door, he noticed that it was surprisingly empty and clean – which would
be explained by the skeleton currently sweeping the floor. It looked up, raised a hand in
greeting, then continued its work. Ren nodded back in acknowledgement before checking the
dining room, only to find it deserted. Right, Vlad did say they would have a change of venue,
meaning they probably left the castle. The still open drawbridge and portcullis supported that
statement.

As he left the castle, he looked down the path. Vlad had said he would handle transportation,
didn’t he? Just as he began wondering, skeletal rattling caught his attention. Turning around,
he watched as a figure emerged from within the castle: A horse. Or rather, a skeleton of one.
It gave off an ethereal glow as a core of ghostly flames burned within its ribcage, its bleached
bones similarly glowing in turn.
Its head slowly turned to Ren, its teeth bared in a ghastly grin. The Phantom Thief started a
bit in surprise as it stepped slowly toward him – then he noticed that there was a bridle and a
saddle on its back, made of dark leather. As it reached him, he slowly reached out and gave
the side of the skeletal horse’s skull a stroke. The horse snorted out ghostly flame as it turned
appreciatively towards the touch.
A smile slowly raised the corners of Ren’s mouth. “So you’re the transportation Vlad sent,
huh?” he murmured. “Can’t say I’ve gone horseback riding before, but this is going to be a
memorable first experience. You mind if I name you ‘Mezuki’?” The skeletal horse snorted
again before pawing the ground, seemingly agreeing with the name. “Heh, you like the
name? Good to hear,” he replied.
Fitting a foot into the stirrup, he easily mounted the horse and grabbed hold of the bridle. The
saddle was a bit more uncomfortable than he expected, but it was nothing to complain about.
He was mildly concerned about the flames but they didn’t burn at all. If anything, they felt
cool, almost cold to the touch. It was surprisingly pleasant. “Alright Mezuki,” the Phantom
Thief declared. “Let’s ride!”
Mezuki reared up on its hind legs. Where a horse normally would’ve whinnied, it instead let
out a spout of ghostly flames through its jaws. Landing back down, it took off like the wind.
Its hooves churned dust underneath as it galloped down the path, far faster than any living
horse, before eventually veering off into the forest. The undead horse galloped far faster than
any horse had any right to, the wind howling through his ears and tearing at the Thief’s body.
Ren was having the time of his life.
“Ow, ow, ow, OW!”
Except he wasn’t.
He wasn’t sure horseback riding was supposed to be incredibly painful, but it is. Every single
impact of hoof against the cobblestone path sent vibrations up Mezuki’s bones straight into
Ren, agonizingly jarring him. He had to ‘stand’ on the stirrups to avoid the worst of it and
even then, they traveled through the saddle and jarred his legs and feet, rendering them numb
at best and agonizing at worst.
It got better when Mezuki got off the path and dove into the forest, the dirt underneath
softening the impact of the hooves. Despite its speed, it wove through the trees without any
issue, moving past them with a surprising amount of dexterity that wouldn’t be found in any
regular horse. The flames that lit its body glowed brightly, illuminating the dark trees like a
wraith. With the woods came a new danger: Branches going by that could easily poleaxe Ren
if he wasn’t paying attention. After barely ducking the first one in time, the Phantom Thief
learned to keep his head low.

Before long, the horse slowed down, then stopped. They were still in the forest, but through
the trees Ren could see a rather brightly illuminated village. “Is that where everyone is,
Mezuki?” he grunted out. The skeletal horse let out a snort of affirmation, another stream of
ghostly flame shooting out of its nostrils. The Phantom Thief grinned. Reaching over, he
patted it on the neck – or rather, the side of its spine where its neck would be. “Thanks, boy,”
he murmured. “We probably made it in record time.” Mezuki trotted happily in place at the
compliment, sending more painfully jarring vibrations through Ren’s body.
The Phantom Thief carefully dismounted – and would’ve fallen over if he didn’t catch
himself with his new friend in time. His legs were utterly sore and numb from the vibrations
they had been forced to endure, and his rear wasn’t in much better condition either. It felt like
he had been paddled with gigantic mallets. While he didn’t think riding a horse was as easy
as it looked, he certainly hadn’t anticipated it to be that extreme – though granted, these were
extenuating circumstances.
Mezuki turned to look over at him, and though it couldn’t have visible expressions on its
skull, it gave another snort that showed its concern. “I’m fine, I’m fine,” Ren reassured the
horse. “Just… not used to horseback riding, is all.” The horse snorted again and turned away,
seemingly reassured. Meanwhile, the Phantom Thief switched masks in his mind, wincing as
he tried to stand up straight. “Pixie,” he called out, tearing off his mask.
The fairy persona appeared once more. With a point of her finger, a green light surrounded
Ren. The pain in his legs and rear quickly receded as any structural harm and fatigue was
repaired – not thatd it helped much with the numbness or phantom pain. Taking a deep
breath, he fully stood up, taking his weight off of Mezuki. Still uncomfortable, though not
unbearably so. At least he could walk and run if necessary.
Shambling over, he pat Mezuki on the side of the head. “Thanks a lot, Mezuki,” he
murmured. “I know you can’t head into town with me, but do you think you can hang around
until I call you? I think I’m gonna need you a lot more around here before long.”
The skeletal horse regarded the Phantom Thief with an unreadable gaze. Then it gently
pushed Ren away with its head before suddenly taking off full speed – right into a tree. Ren’s
eyes widened in shock. As the horse carefully stood back up, one of its ribs had cracked and
though it didn’t break or shatter, a shard of bone fell to the ground.
As Mezuki gingerly picked it up in its teeth and walked toward Ren, the shard immolated in
ghostly flame, then extinguished itself as it was dropped in the Phantom Thief’s hand. Instead
of a piece of broken bone, what Ren now held was a crude bone whistle. Etched on the sides
were symbols and designs he couldn’t precisely make out. It was both rough and yet
entrancing to look at.
“So I just blow on this to call you, huh?” he murmured. He smiled as he pocketed the whistle.
“Thanks, Mezuki. I’ll see you when I see you.” The skeletal horse lowered its head, pawing
the ground, before turning around and galloping away. It wasn’t long before it was nothing
more than an ethereal light, flashing amongst the trees, before disappearing into the night.
Ren watched his new companion go, then turned toward the village. He took a step – and
winced at the uncomfortable sensation through his legs. While he came to like Mezuki, he

hoped he wouldn’t have to ride the horse anytime soon – he wasn’t sure if his legs could take
it. He took a second to make sure he could walk properly; he really didn’t need Artoria,
Jeanne, or Nero to identify he had been riding a horse through his limping.
As he reached the village, his eyes widened. The village looked like a normal medieval
village: wooden buildings with plaster and roofs. The roads were lined with stone, leading
into a main square. There were a few wooden stands and carts laying about, most likely small
storefronts that villagers and townspeople could use. In the distance, the Castle Csejte
loomed, visible only by the distant lights twinkling against the darkness of the night. Despite
the quiet atmosphere, the rustic environment wasn’t what caught Ren’s attention.
Rather, it was the fact the entire village was covered from top to bottom in Halloween
decorations. Jack-o-lanterns were placed everywhere on the ground, partitions, and even
rooftops. Some were even mounted on the various streetlamps scattered around the village.
Their eyes and dopey grins glowed, suffusing the entire village with a surprisingly warm,
atmospheric light. He even saw some bat decorations as well as fake cobwebs hung all
around.
“… Huh,” was Ren’s first response. It was a bit early for Halloween but given the atmosphere
with the skeletons, Mezuki, and now all of this, it seemed unavoidable. As he stepped
forward, his foot hit something and it skidded against the ground. Looking down in surprise,
he reached down and picked it up. It was some sort of black… plate? Plating? Was it part of
some decoration that fell?
Before he could look around for the source of it, a girl’s scream tore through the air. Tossing
aside the plate, Ren immediately began running toward the source. He winced as his legs
protested, but he pushed on regardless. Turning down a corner, he saw a larger house that was
flashing with ethereal lights. As he rushed toward it, the front door burst open and out
scrambled Ritsuka, looking absolutely harried, while Mash followed behind her with her
shield raised against the door. Ghosts immediately began flying out, their low moans echoing
as they all scattered into the night.
Ren could only watch, bewildered, as Nero walked out, looking unamused. “Hmph, what
nerve,” she groused. “I merely wished to repay them for their hospitality with a bit of theater.
Surely my talent isn’t so incredible that they must flee else their senses are overwhelmed?
Well, I suppose it matters little at this point.”
Noticing someone nearby, Nero glanced over and beamed as Ren approached. “Ah, Master!”
she called out. “I’m glad to see you are well! We had been worried about the absence of our
companions!”
“Same to you, Nero,” Ren replied, matching her grin. “What happened? Ritsu, you okay? Not
a fan of ghosts?”
“N-not the biggest f-fan of them, no,” Ritsuka stammered, panting. “Always been a bit jumpy
in haunted houses even at the best of times.”
Ren nodded understandingly. It certainly reminded him of Makoto. Level-headed, brave to
the point of recklessness at times, but she was rather easy to catch off guard. Not to mention,

she was easily scared – he still remembered her clinging to his leg that one time they snuck
into Sojiro’s house during a thunderstorm.
“Umu, I commend her for her courage,” Nero remarked. “She maintained her composure and
manners until my performance. Doubtless she was overwhelmed by emotion from it. It is
understandable.”
Ren held up his hands. “Okay, wait,” he said. “Start from the beginning – what happened
after all those skeletons appeared in the castle?”
Mash and Nero gave a quick account: Rather than stemming the flow, the horde of skeletons
then had gotten greater and greater to the point that everyone lost track of one another. They
had all been carried off and out of the castle. Ritsuka and Mash had been brought to the
mansion and Nero, who had been close by, insisted on going with them. Surprisingly, the
skeletons acquiesced without the emperor having to resort to violence. There, they were
served dinner by skeletons and the ghosts haunting the mansion – and they learned that
Ritsuka was deathly afraid of ghosts.
“You can’t punch or kick a ghost,” Ritsuka snapped. “While they can do what they want!”
Mash and Nero looked at each other. “We’re able to punch ghosts fine enough, Ritsukasenpai,” the Shielder pointed out.
“You two are living impossibilities!” the redhead retorted. “One of many reasons why you’re
both ridiculously awesome!” Nero laughed heartily while Ren chuckled at the response.
Eventually, the skeletons and ghosts had put on a show to entertain them and while it had
been rather delightful (Ritsuka’s terror aside), the emperor had decided to hop on stage and
give an impromptu recital of her own.
“It seems in the throes of excitement I had neglected to restrain myself,” Nero lamented.
“And it ended up exorcising all the spirits. But if they finally found peace, then I suppose that
is some consolation. May the judges grant them compassion and kindness in the
underworld.”
Ren glanced over at Ritsuka and Mash, and met their incredulous looks in turn. That
confirmed it – he still had memories of Nero’s… impromptu performance on that night in the
Roman singularity. He could put together the rest of the pieces from that context: The ghosts
immediately tried to flee, causing Ritsuka to finally lose it and bolt for the front door. Mash
followed behind to protect her though that thankfully proved a needless measure. And that
led to now.
“Were you able to find anyone else?” Mash asked. “We didn’t see any sign of Artoria,
Jeanne, or Morgana while we were in there.”
The Phantom Thief shook his head. “Nobody so far,” he replied. He tried reaching out with
his mind to Artoria or Jeanne. ‘Hey guys,’ he called out. ‘Can you hear me?’
There was a moment of silence. ‘Ah, Master,’ came Artoria’s steady voice. ‘Are you safe? I
cannot contact Ritsuka.’

‘I’m fine,’ Ren reassured her as he glanced over at Ritsuka, who was steadily getting to her
feet after calming down a bit. ‘And Ritsuka’s… a bit out of it at the moment but she’s fine too.
I’m with Mash and Nero as well. What about you?’
Artoria looked around them. Stone walls, ceilings, and floors lined this entire corridor. It
branched out into other corridors, turning out of view, with the promise of yet more to come.
On the walls were torches lined all throughout the area, giving a surprising degree of
illumination. The place was remarkably clean as well: there was little to no dust or cobwebs
and the architecture was surprisingly pristine – which ironically made things harder for all of
them as there were no little landmarks they could use.
The experience was already tedious as it is, but what made it infinitely worse was the music
that was constantly blaring out from unseen speakers up above. It seemed to be one of
Elizabeth’s songs, but the low-quality speakers combined with the echoing from the bare
stone corridors made the lyrics completely incomprehensible. On top of it all, there was some
sort of high-pitched frequency mixed in that was unbearable, to say the least.
‘We appear to be trapped in some sort of labyrinth,’ Jeanne replied, shifting her hold so that
Morgana rested more comfortably in her grip. ‘I’m here with Morgana but he’s currently
indisposed at the moment.’
‘Something happen to him?’ the Phantom Thief immediately asked, the concern clear in his
tone.
Both women looked over at Morgana. Nestled in the saintess’s arms, the catlike being was
huddled up, his paws clamped hard over his ears as his eyes were shut tight, looking
dangerously close to crying. The music was already bad enough with how obnoxious it was,
but the high-pitched frequency bore into his cat ears like drills. Certain humans were already
quite sensitive to such a sound, but for him, it was no less than torture.
“ASK REN OR MASH IF THEY HAVE NOISE CANCELLING HEADPHONES OR
EARBUDS FOR CATS.” Morgana shouted back in reply. He could hear the communication
just fine but couldn’t focus enough to respond properly. Shouting his thoughts out was the
only way he could drown out the sound properly. “AND MAYBE ASPIRIN!”
‘Morgana wishes to know if you have some noise cancelling headphones and earbuds as well
as aspirin for cats,’ Jeanne faithfully relayed with both an equal amount of amusement and
concern for her Master. While admittedly she didn’t have the most dealings with him, it
pained her to see someone like Morgana suffer in such a cruel manner. They would have
destroyed the source of the annoying music if they could, but they couldn’t find anything
resembling a speaker.
There was a pause – whether it was because of the oddness of the request or they were trying
to do something about it was unclear. Meanwhile, the two women continued walking along,
trying to find a way out. They had considered the possibility of simply blasting their way out
but kept it as a last resort. There was no easy way to tell how deep they were underground
and such destruction might cause a cave-in. The two Servants would easily survive such a
thing, but Morgana was a different matter entirely.

Suddenly, she stumbled over something. Artoria turned to look at what she had tripped over:
a black plate-like object, lying in stark contrast to the polished tiled stone floor like a spot of
void. Frowning, she cautiously picked it up – and suddenly a flare of danger rushed through
her senses. Something about this plate was setting off her instinct, though she couldn’t pin
exactly what it was.
“What is it, Artoria?” Jeanne asked, looking over in concern. “What are you holding?”
Artoria glanced back at the saint, her expression grim. “I do not know, but something is
amiss,” she replied. “We have no more time to waste – we must find the others immediately.”
Jeanne’s eyes widened, then she gave a determined nod. If the Saber believed the situation
was serious, then she was more than inclined to trust her judgement on the matter.
They took another step forward – and suddenly, the floor opened up. All three cried in alarm
as Jeanne held Morgana closer to her to protect him… and then they landed. The pit they fell
in was only a few heads taller than they were. It would be a trivial matter for a regular person,
let alone a Servant, to pull themselves out. There wasn’t even anything in the pit either. It all
amounted to a mild inconvenience at worst.
The two women looked at each other in bewilderment. Before they could even ask what just
happened, there was a slight creaking sound above them. They looked up – and their eyes
widened as they saw gallons upon gallons of red liquid falling from the ceiling. By the time
they could process anything, it was too late…
Meanwhile, Carmilla walked away from the lever she had pulled while taking a sip of tea.
While this entire idea was utterly asinine, she had to admit it was amusing in its own right.
She could even use her ridiculous other self’s songs for her own means. Ah, tormenting
others never failed to send a tickle of delight down her spine. But in the meantime, perhaps
it’s time to switch tracks. It wouldn’t do for a victim to become numb to their torture after all
– and there were so many delights to visit.
Her elegant lips curled ever so slightly upward. Ah, she had doubted Vlad, but trust him to at
least know what would keep her contented for the time being, at least. Perhaps she might
even have a nice, delicious bath when this is all over…
‘Of all the juvenile pranks one could play-!’ Artoria snarled.
The sudden outburst of rage in mental communications startled Ren and caused both Ritsuka
and Mash to jump a bit as Nero frowned in surprise. ‘What happened,’ the Phantom Thief
immediately asked. ‘Are you guys in trouble?’ For a moment, he considered using his
command seals to summon both Artoria and Jeanne to him – Roman and Da Vinci have
briefed him that his command seals could be used for that purpose – but then that had the
possibility of leaving Morgana stranded.
Just the very thought sent cold shivers down his spine. He’d sooner cut off his own arm than
let that happen.

‘P-pardon us, Master,’ Jeanne gasped out. ‘It was a pitfall trap. Not deep, thankfully. Just
enough to keep us in one place for us to… have red slime dropped on us.’
Ren had to take a moment to contemplate what he just heard. ‘Red… slime…?’ he asked.
‘We thought it was blood at first,’ the saintess admitted. ‘But no, it was slime. Or rather,
strawberry jelly, given the consistency and taste. Artoria seems mollified that it’s jelly but…
um… Morgana will most likely need a wash after this.’
Ren breathed a small sigh of relief. ‘Alright,’ he replied. ‘Keep us posted.’ Cutting off the
communication, he looked around. It seemed Artoria, Jeanne, and Morgana were in no
immediate danger, and he trusted them to take care of themselves. Now he was left with one
problem: How was he going to delay everyone here from heading back up to the castle?
“So,” Ritsuka began as she starting stumbling back up and dusting herself off like she hadn’t
been scared to death a couple moments ago. “What’s next on the agenda? Ask Liz or Vlad
what in the actual hell is going on? Or should we try to find Artoria, Jeanne, and Morgana
first from… whatever funhouse they’re stuck in?”
“Communications are still down,” Mash reported as she tapped on her communicator. “So
Chaldea isn’t able to relay their locations to us – or vice versa, for that matter. We won’t be
able to rendezvous easily until they reach the surface.”
“Well, that’s not a problem,” Ritsuka replied, pointing to Castle Csejte. “Castle’s not exactly
subtle. We can just rendezvous there and deal with everything. Heck, we should probably
make our way over now so we can establish a foothold, just in case. Shall we get going?”
That sent alarm bells ringing in Ren’s head. It was a sensible suggestion, one he agreed with
– and that was the problem. He needed to figure out a way to buy more time. Last he saw
Elizabeth, she was nowhere near ready for her concert, and being the perfectionist she was,
she would have much to maintain. “Not a good idea,” the Phantom Thief countermanded,
drawing the others’ surprise. “Hanging out on their doorstep is practically inviting them to
spring a trap on us. We’re better off reconvening here instead, then making our way to the
castle.”
“Then how are we going to get the others to rendezvous with us?” Mash asked. “Or indicate
our location?” She added flare guns to her mental checklist. At this point, she wasn’t sure
how much her shield could hold in terms of supplies but she was certainly bringing a lot.
Field experience certainly showed what she was lacking, however. It seemed she had much to
learn besides fighting as well.
Meanwhile, Ren had long since replenished his flash bombs. They would easily function as a
signal, but again, not what he needed. No, what he needed was something loud, bold, and
time-consuming – and he had just the woman for the job. “We cause a ruckus of our own,”
the Phantom Thief replied with a grin. “One loud enough to be heard from all over. The
square is mostly empty and just needs a bit of setup. It’s perfect for what we need.”
“And that would be…?” Ritsuka asked warily.

Ren’s grin broadened as he looked over at Nero. “How would you feel about putting on an
impromptu performance?” he asked.
Both Ritsuka and Mash blanched while Nero’s eyes widened in surprise. “An… impromptu
performance?” she echoed. “That is a rather unorthodox plan, Master. Are you sure it’s
sensible?”
The Phantom Thief beckoned them. He led them to the square: A circular, wide-open space,
filled with pumpkins and decorations. A fountain sat in the middle, bone-dry and disused.
There was plenty of space to use, and plenty to work with. “With an area like this?” Ren
replied, spreading his hands as he spun around to face them. “Your voice would resound far
and wide, and the attention you’d garner would more than attract the attention of the others
once they appear. It may even prove to be a distraction for Servants like Vlad and Carmilla as
well, allowing us to maneuver more easily if necessary.”
He offered a hand to Nero. “What do you think?” he finally offered with a smile. “Shall we
put on a show for the whole town?”
The emperor could only stare at Ren, completely flabbergasted, then burst out laughing
merrily. “You certainly know your way with words and tastes, Ren Amamiya!” she declared.
“But who am I to deny someone one of my performances? The arts are for the people after
all, young and old, poor and rich, grand and base! Very well! You have convinced me! But
how it is currently would make a poor stage. I shall require help setting it all up! With me,
Masters and Mash!”
As Nero sprang off to begin preparations, Ritsuka and Mash walked up to Ren. “You sure this
is a good idea?” she asked, looking more than bemused. “I love Nero but when it comes to
singing and performing, she’s… uh… not great, to put it mildly.”
Ren grinned. “What’s the worst that can happen?” he asked, shrugging his shoulders as he
began walking after Nero, leaving the two girls behind staring at him.
Ritsuka could only facepalm as the Shielder comfortingly patted her shoulder. “’May you live
in interesting times,’ I was told,” the former grumbled as she reluctantly followed. “I’m
starting to think that person actually hated me.” Mash could only smile sheepishly in
response before following. At the very least, perhaps she could learn something from Rensenpai’s unorthodox methods.
“Bring more of the pumpkins over, the stage must be illuminated properly! Set them over…
there! Yes! Perfect!”
“Umu, this fountain… in lieu of a stage, this can be of use. Masters, see if there is something
bright we may use to adorn it! This would be perfect for giving emphasis on the lead!”
“You certainly have an eye for this kind of thing,” Ren commented as he hauled a couple
more pumpkins in place at her direction.

“But of course,” Nero replied as she stepped back, looking over the impromptu stage with a
critical eye. “While my own beauty is extravagant in any circumstance, that is hardly enough
for a performance. Everything must be radiant to varying degrees – from the sets and extras
to the side actors and antagonists. To diminish one aspect is to diminish all of it, a fact I
would much rather avoid if it can be helped.”
Noticing Ritsuka and Mash approaching, the emperor nodded appreciatively to what they
were holding. “Ah, perfect!” she cried. “We can use that to cloak the fountain and then have
several of the jack-o-lanterns behind it – a thin layer of it will allow us to make use of
background lighting and make for better luminescence!” She pranced forward and gleefully
set up the jack-o-lanterns as she described as the two other girls shared a look, shrugged, and
set up the fake cobwebs.
Ren was about to step forward to assist when he glimpsed a flutter of motion high above.
Glancing up, he saw Vlad quietly standing on the rooftops, observing. At the Phantom
Thief’s questioning gaze, he simply placed his hands parallel to one another and slowly
pulled them apart while mouthing words. Ren nodded in understanding and the Berserker
vanished in a shower of golden light, unnoticed by the women. The request from the Servant
was clear.
‘More time.’
“So Nero, what do you think this play should be about?“ Ren asked. “We need to workshop
it, don’t you think?”
Nero paused for a moment in thought, then nodded. “A good point, Master,” she agreed. “My
talent will carry the performance far but there is little reason to believe it cannot be honed
further. I have a few songs I have composed in my mind while we were working. I would ask
that you hear them and see where they can be improved.”
Ren gulped. He looked over at Ritsuka and Mash first. “Can you guys go grab some more
jack-o-lanterns from the outer edge of the town?” he asked. “We could use more lighting.”
Ritsuka hurriedly nodded, dragging away a hesitant Mash by the wrist as she quickly left the
scene. The Phantom Thief took a deep breath, then turned back to Nero with a forced smile.
“Fire away, Nero.”
The emperor grinned, began her recital – and thus begun the Phantom Thief’s most grueling
trial in the singularity.
About half an hour later, the recital was in full swing. Nero sang merrily as she danced on the
edge of the fountain, her discordant tones tearing through the air. It was practically torturous
for anyone to listen to. And yet, skeletons flooded out of the nearby houses and began
dancing in the town square, parading in circles as their bones clattered against each other and
on the cobblestone street. Ghost floated out of the house and whirled around in the air, their
moans echoing in the air. Their clamor almost drowned out the emperor, leading her to
redouble her efforts in turn.

Meanwhile, Ren, Mash, and Ritsuka had retreated to the far end of the square. While they
were at first alarmed by all the undead showing up, they relaxed a bit when they seemed to be
celebrating with Nero’s performance – or trying to completely drown her out. Most likely
both.
“Well, you were right about causing a ruckus,” Ritsuka remarked, eyeing the ghosts above
warily as she sidled closer to Mash. “Anyone with a pair of eyes or ears would be able to
notice this from miles away.” She winced as Nero hit a particularly high note. “Though I’m
not sure if that’s a good thing or a bad thing,” she added.
Mash smiled sympathetically before looking over to Ren, who was watching the entire
scenario. “Do you notice anything, Ren-senpai?” she asked. “Are Vlad and Carmilla on the
move?”
Ren shook his head. His Third Eye had already been scanning the area for anything out of the
ordinary. Aside from the skeletons and the ghosts – who are all highlighted in blue – he
didn’t see anything else. Vlad was probably assisting Elizabeth with whatever preparations
she needed. He was about to contact Artoria and Jeanne again to check on their status when a
faint, unfamiliar stench wafted by. “You guys smell that?” he asked.
Ritsuka and Mash both sniffed, and their faces immediately wrinkled in disgust. “Ugh, the
heck is that?” the former spat out. “Did someone forget to clean out their fridge or
something? Smells like rotten eggs.”
“It is rather distasteful,” Mash agreed. “But… why would food be here and left long enough
to rot? The undead have long since died if we look at the state of the skeletons and ghosts.
We’ve also confirmed the presences of Vlad, Carmilla, and Elizabeth and even if they don’t
eat, they don’t seem the type to tolerate rotten food. So… what could be the source?”
Neither Ren nor Ritsuka answered as they began pondering. They looked at each other and
shared the same thought: Something was going on, and it couldn’t be anything good. Ren was
about to contact Artoria again when he suddenly heard a thunderous cracking, audible even
above the din, some distance behind him. All three whirled about to find the source of the
noise as another crack resounded through the air.
A moment later, the buildings and streets exploded in rubble, causing Nero to stop her
performance as both ghosts and skeletons scattered and fled. The emperor hopped down from
her impromptu stage, her expression serious as she summoned her greatsword, reuniting with
her Masters to prepare for a fightOnly to see Artoria hop out of the newly created hole, her blade also at the ready for any
hostiles. Upon seeing the others, she sighed with relief as her sword vanished, looked back
down the hole, and nodded. Jeanne then hopped up, her arms tightly wrapped around
Morgana. All three of them looked worse for wear: Completely filthy, with smears of red on
their clothes and body, and looking incredibly annoyed and exhausted. As Jeanne set down
Morgana, they both had to pry themselves away from each other thanks to the jelly.
“Masters, Mash, Nero,” Artoria greeted as she walked toward them. She flashed in a burst of
light and in the next moment, her appearance was immaculate once more. “It is good to see

you are all safe. Have you had any contact with either the enemy or Chaldea?”
Mash shook her head. “We haven’t, no,” she answered. “So far, we’ve been given…
respectable hospitality? But otherwise, contact with either side has been minimal.”
“Besides the ghosts,” Ritsuka piped up. “But enough about us – you guys look like you’ve
been through the wringer. Are you guys hurt? What happened down there? And how did you
find us?”
Jeanne rubbed the back of her neck ruefully after cleaning herself as well. “We admittedly
were getting impatient with the labyrinth, especially after getting covered in jelly,” she
explained. “But we were also feeling numerous vibrations above us as well and thought it
might lead somewhere.”
“I came up in spirit form to confirm the situation,” the king continued. “Once that was done,
we decided to simply carve our way out. We were worried about the possible cave-in
harming Morgana, but he agreed to the plan.”
Ren, meanwhile, had been checking up on his best friend. “That bad down there?” he asked,
looking at the dirty catlike being in concern.
Morgana heaved an incredibly irritated sigh as he gingerly touched his sore ears. “That’s an
understatement,” he growled. “Nothing but non-stop idol music through cruddy speakers,
coupled with some ultrasonic frequency is just torture! And this jelly! It’s gonna take forever
to wash this all off! My poor fur! My beautiful, poor fur!”
The Phantom Thief could only breathe a small sigh of relief as his best friend lamented his
state. If he had enough energy to complain at length like this, he was fine. “I’ll give you a
wash after we get back to Chaldea,” he offered. “I know you’re not a fan of washes but…”
The catlike being sagged in resignation. “Yeah,” he glumly admitted, looking over himself.
“No way I can clean myself properly like this. Just… be careful with it?”
Ren nodded with a reassuring smile. “I promise,” he earnestly replied.
“Ugh, I didn’t think you would be so brutish as to destroy my labyrinth. I suppose this is
what my reward for playing with one’s lessers.”
All of them whirled about to glare at Carmilla, who was staring down at them disdainfully
from the roof of a building. “And I had finally found some enjoyment in this entire farce
too,” she added disdainfully. “Truly, you are uncouth fools, more than fitting for my idiotic
younger self.”
Artoria scowled at her. “Carmilla,” she growled. “You would trap us in a labyrinth to waste
our time, torture our Master, and then humiliate us, all for the sake of your own enjoyment?
Is that your only purpose here?”
Carmilla glared at them. “Please, this barely even qualifies as such,” she spat. “I’ve been
ordered to keep you ‘entertained’ and not to utilize my usual methods. You should be

thankful that I have not been able to utilize my full collection – that labyrinth you had gone
through was the most I could do. Childish, I fully agree, but it was at least a mild
amusement.”
Jeanne frowned. “Be that as it may,” she declared as her banner appeared in her hand. “You
are clearly far more dangerous and hostile to us than any other inhabitant of this singularity
thus far. Plea for clemency and we might resolve this without further conflict. Otherwise,
prepare yourself.” At her declaration, Artoria, Nero, and Mash also summoned their weapons
in preparation.
Ren’s eyes rapidly flitted between Carmilla and his friends. The situation was rapidly
devolving and if he didn’t do something, things would rapidly escalate out of hand.
Elizabeth’s concert would be ruined. The countess was supposed to be on Elizabeth’s side –
as much as she kept grumbling and complaining about it – but even he couldn’t help thinking
that she had gone too far. He needed an excuse to get them to stand down“Following the letter of the order means little if you do not follow the spirit of it, Carmilla.”
Vlad appeared once more beside Carmilla, looking more than unamused about the whole
situation. “Our guests are to be entertained, not tormented to an unacceptable degree,” he
chided. “A harmless prank is suitable but what you have done was too far.”
Carmilla whirled on Vlad. “I have been playing with this farce on both my idiotic self’s and
your demands,” she snarled. “Do you mean to debase me even further?! I am not some jester
or fool to dance to their whims! Especially to this uncouth lot!”
“No,” Vlad simply replied, his tone cold as ice. “You are a countess, Carmilla. And I
expected you to conduct yourself as such to your guests. If you find that too stern a demand,
then perhaps I shall find a role better suited to you for the evening’s festivities.” The
countess’s eyes almost bulged out of their sockets from sheer, apoplectic rage from being
lectured but nevertheless held her tongue. She whirled about, fixing the Chaldeans with a
murderous glare, before turning away and vanishing into motes of golden light.
The tension in the air lightened once she vanished. The Berserker simply sighed before
hopping down, landing softly and silently on the cobblestone street, and bowed low toward
them. “I am sincerely and deeply apologetic for my cohort’s conduct,” he murmured. “Her
conduct was utterly impermissible and I shall see she is appropriately handled.”
Artoria frowned. “Speak plainly, Vlad,” she called out, her invisible blade still in her grasp.
“Are you our enemies or no? Thus far, the situation has been mixed: You show no direct
opposition, yet you impede our actions at every step. You have Carmilla detain us and even
knowingly torment one of our Masters, yet you have shown up yourself to reprimand her.
What is your goal?”
The corner of Vlad’s lips lifted slightly. “Nothing more than an evening of festivities,” he
replied. “There are yet a few more surprises in store. I ask you to come to Castle Csejte –
though do be aware that the path might be… a touch more troublesome than when you had
first arrived.”

He pointed in the castle’s direction. The Chaldeans turned to look, and they saw that the
skeletons had picked up shields and locked into formations, forming walls. Pits had been dug
on the path and large bats fluttered through the night sky, carrying lanterns to help illuminate
the area and guide the circuitous path, which led even off the road and into the forest.
“… the heck is this?” Ritsuka spluttered first as everyone else stared in shocked silence. “Are
we in some game show now? Where are the cameras, I know someone’s holding them!” As if
to emphasize her point, she immediately scanning the bats above for any cameras. “Mash,
you see any holding cameras?”
The Shielder, caught off guard by the question, also started looking. “Um, why would the
bats be holding cameras, Ritsuka-senpai?”
“Oh, right, you don’t know about those shows, do you? You see, Mash…“
“Gotta say, this does look pretty fun,” Ren commented with a grin as Ritsuka explained the
concept to Mash. “You certainly went out of your way for this, Vlad.”
The Berserker’s smile widened. “Your words honor me, Phantom Thief,” he replied
gracefully.
The Phantom Thief didn’t expect to be called by his moniker but didn’t think much of it. He
turned to the Servants. “What say we humor him a bit as we get to the bottom of this?” he
asked. “He did go out of his way for us here, so we might as well.”
Nero nodded in agreement. “Umu, indeed!” she cried. “It would be spitting on one’s efforts
were we to simply pass up on such arduous preparations! Besides, it has been a good while
since I had participated in something resembling an Olympic trial, and the Flower of
Olympia will not stand for it! Artoria, Jeanne, come! We must show our splendor for all and
sundry!”
“Wait-!” Artoria’s words were quickly cut off as the emperor dragged both her and Jeanne,
who simply looked amused and resigned to the whole scenario. Ritsuka and Mash had also
left toward the obstacle course, with the former still deep in explaining the concept.
Morgana stared up in suspicion – not at Vlad, but at Ren. “Joker, what are you planning,” he
asked, his eyes narrowing.
Ren smirked and gave a wink. “Just some fun,” he replied enigmatically.
The catlike being’s eyes narrowed further, then he sighed. “Alright,” he accepted tiredly. “But
you owe me fatty tuna after this.” He walked off with the others as well, leaving the Phantom
Thief alone with Vlad.
“Is she going to be much longer?” Ren asked.
“Not for too much,” the Berserker answered. “This should be enough time for Elizabeth to
finish her preparations. Did you enjoy the gift, perchance?”

The Phantom Thief grinned. “Mezuki? He’s amazing,” he replied honestly. “A bit rough to
ride though. I don’t think horse rides are supposed to be so… bumpy.”
“Skeletal horses are unorthodox for most equestrians,” Vlad admitted with a slight smile.
“That being said, it is not too different or difficult from a regular horse. Perhaps you are
simply unaccustomed to riding-“ Then he realized something and turned fully to Ren. “You
named the horse Mezuki?” he asked in slight shock.
Ren blinked, then nodded. “Yeah,” he replied. “It’s the name of a horse-headed yokai I heard
about a while back. I thought it’d fit him. He seemed to like the name.”
Vlad could only just stare at the Phantom Thief, then turned away shaking his head as he
vanished into golden dust. “What?” Ren spluttered at the Berserker’s reaction. “What’s
wrong with Mezuki? It’s a perfectly good name!” His objections only encountered silence
and empty air, leaving only the atmosphere of silent disappointment behind.
Grumbling, Ren stomped after his friends. “Mezuki’s a good name,” he muttered.
They went through the obstacle course, which featured a plethora of trials. Some were
simple, such as hopping across a pit filled with yet more red slime (or jam, rather) while
skeletons held up shields like they were platforms. Others were more unorthodox such as
dodging skeletons that were tied to wheels and rolling about.
“At least there aren’t any spikes on them,” Morgana grumbled quietly. He still remembered
the bonewheel skeletons from that one game he played at Futaba’s place. It wasn’t an
experience he was keen to relive in reality.
Artoria, Jeanne, and Mash crossed each obstacle without any issue thanks to their agility as
Servants. They had all been watching the skeletons closely, seeing if they would harm their
Masters, but even then, the most the skeletons did was simply point the offender back to the
starting point to try again. Nero in particular had been enjoying herself, deliberately slowing
herself down to tackle each trial appropriately and succeeding with aplomb. As for their
Masters…
“Just a bit further, Ritsu!” Morgana cheered.
“Almost there!” Ren called out.
Ritsuka bit her lip nervously as she hopped on another shield a skeleton was holding up. The
skeletons were all sinking at a slow but steady rate, and they were far closer to the slime than
she liked. Everyone else was waiting for her just up ahead and like hell she was about to hold
them up. Gulping, she hopped on one shield after another – then she overjumped and started
slipping on the last shield. As everyone shouted startled cries, the redhead gritted her teeth
and pounced forward. She braced herself to eat a face full of dirtAnd found herself landing on something particularly soft. “Oof,” Ren grunted. “You alright,
Ritsu?”

The redhead froze, looked up, blinked once, then immediately scrambled off – and nearly fell
back into the pit if Ren hadn’t reached out and grabbed her by the arm. “You made it across
just fine – would be a waste to take a dip now,” he quipped with a small smirk.
“Er, um,” Ritsuka intelligently stammered. As much as she tried to calm down, she had just
been caught and saved by the leader of the Phantom Thieves: someone who was incredibly
capable, awesome, handsome, and absolutely reckless. While she still did her absolute best
not to fangirl over him, he still left her speechless with his cunning, bravery, and wit. Her
mind was hopelessly jumbled between the sensation and the sheer realization of what had just
happened.
Clearing her throat to regain her composure – and to fight the blush that had risen to her
cheeks – she remarked, “How’d you get through so easily? Are you cheating or something?”
Ren smiled ruefully and shrugged as he stood back up, casually brushing off his clothes.
“Lots of practice,” he replied simply. “It comes from being a Phantom Thief.” That being
said, he had to wonder which of his friends would be able to do it. He was most skeptical of
the unathletic Futaba or the unlucky Ryuji or Yusuke going through this challenge. Maybe he
should sign them all up for a game show when he got back – it might be fun.
“Yeah, though there were less traps we had to navigate through than you’d think,” Morgana
added. “Worst one was probably that bridge in Kamoshida’s Palace – the one with the
pendulum blades. You remember that one, Joker?”
“Yes, and I still say I could’ve done it,” the Phantom Thief answered confidently.
Morgana sighed exhaustedly. “You probably could,” he agreed. “But it was still better to turn
off. We don’t need to risk everyone’s safety if we don’t need to, after all.”
After that, they continued. The further they went on, the more difficult it became, with
slanted platforms and even wall-climbing sections, with the climbing grips ranging from
hands to ribs. The hands acted as a safety catch so none of them would risk injury from
falling – though it was certainly startling to the Masters and Mash when they reached out to
lightly grip them.
Ren partially wished he had brought Loki with them – they could’ve made a competition out
of this – before dismissing the thought. The Avenger may be under their agreement, but the
general sentiment was still too new and raw for him to risk bringing them out onto the field
for a while.
As he was idly pondering while climbing, a powerful wind gusted out of nowhere. Taking
Ren by complete surprise, its sheer force tore his grip from from the wall. Just as he would
have started to plummet, a skeletal hand immediately reached out and grabbed him by the
wrist, pulling him to safety. He heaved deep breaths as he remained there to calm down, his
heartbeat loud in his ears. He had his grappling hook to save himself, sure, but the
suddenness of it all nearly sent him into a panic. “Thanks,” he murmured to the bone wall. He
heard a small clatter in response.

“What the heck was that?!” Morgana roared out from above him. A skeletal hand had caught
him by the scruff of the neck before he had been sent flying.
The Phantom Thief frowned and knocked on the climbing wall. It shifted and a skull soon
appeared, turning to Ren. “Was that your doing?” he asked. The skull shook its head. “Was it
Carmilla, Vlad, or Elizabeth’s?” The skull shook his head again.
This was becoming concerning. “Do you have any idea what it was?” he asked. Once more,
the skull shook its head. Dread began forming in Ren’s stomach. It might be lying but he had
a feeling it wasn’t. Something was amiss here. He had already bought a lot of time for
Elizabeth, so it was probably best to rendezvous with her as soon as possible.
“Are you okay, senpai?” Mash called out from below Ren worriedly.
The Phantom Thief looked back down and grinned easily. “Just catching my breath,” he
answered easily. Turning back up, he began climbing once more. There was still some ways
to go. As they all eventually reached the top, the Masters took a minute to rest for a moment
(with Ritsuka sprawled out, unmoving and only groaning weakly when prompted) while the
Servants stood guard.
“How the heck did you climb that tower back in the URE capital?” Morgana panted.
Ren held up the grappling hook. “I cheated a bit,” he admitted. “And had Jing Ke give me a
hand. Still, you gotta admit it’s pretty fun.”
The catlike being huffed. “It wasn’t too bad,” he admitted. “If it wasn’t for that random
hurricane. What the heck was that anyway?”
The Phantom Thief shook his head. “Apparently not something the others had in mind,
according to the skeletons,” he responded. The two looked over at the bone wall – and in
response, a hand popped up, flashed them a thumbs up, and slowly sank back down. “But we
should still be okay for now. We’ll just ask Elizabeth once we get there.”
“If you say so, Joker,” Morgana reluctantly accepted. He had a feeling there was more to this
story than what his best friend was telling him, but he wasn’t about to press for answers.
They trusted each other with their lives and there wasn’t any reason to stop now. Still, he
couldn’t help but be curious as to what Ren was planning. “Alright, we should probably get
moving.”
“Umu!” Nero loudly agreed. “Indeed! We have had plenty of rest and the night continues on!
Come, Ritsuka! The trials continue!”
“Uuuuuuugh,” Ritsuka moaned out, not moving an inch.
“It seems our Master needs to be roused,” Jeanne mused. “A bucket of water would normally
do the job, but we don’t seem to have water on hand… perhaps the red slime over there
would work?” She looked over at a nearby skeleton. “Would you be so kind as to fetch me a
bucket?” the saint asked kindly.

The redhead immediately shot up, glaring at the Ruler. “No slime,” she growled.
As Ritsuka stomped toward the next obstacle, Artoria glanced over at her friend. “Was that
strictly necessary?” she asked, her tone a mix of both admonishment and faint amusement.
Jeanne simply smiled. “It worked well during my time in the French army,” she replied
innocently. “I was only suggesting a solution.”
Artoria had to force back her own mirth as she shook her head. It certainly reminded her a bit
of the antics her knights and soldiers got up to from time to time. “If you say so, Jeanne,” she
replied, unable to hide a small smile of her own. Jeanne giggled as they made their way to the
next obstacle.
In front of them was a much longer pit than before, once more filled with red slime. A single
beam stretched the length down the middle, thin enough to require balance, though not so
thin that the slightest misstep would send one plummeting. But that wasn’t the only thing that
caught their eye. Rather, it was the skeletons lined up on the sides, armed with bows and
arrows, firing across the pit and over the beam. They were shooting straight ahead at gaps on
the other side into a wooden wall, where skeletons collected arrows and passed them to an
archer skeleton beside them.
“Oh for – arrows now?!” Morgana groaned. “If I didn’t know better, I think they were trying
to kill us at this point!”
Jeanne narrowed her eyes as she focused on the arrows. “… I would normally agree with
you, Master,” she slowly noted. “But there are boxing gloves on the ends of the arrows.”
“There are what now,” the catlike being responded flatly in disbelief.
Ren’s eyes, meanwhile, turned red as he looked at the arrows. As the saint described, there
were mini-boxing gloves instead of standard arrowheads affixed to them. He had to wonder if
they tried regular boxing gloves first before going for the smaller ones. “Well, at least they
won’t actually hurt us,” he commented as his eyes went back to normal. “Still don’t want to
be hit by them, though.”
Ritsuka just stared at the tightrope walk, then the skeleton archers, then at the arrows zipping
by. Reaching up, she pinched herself. “Ow,” she said, deadpan.
Mash’s eyes widened. “Um, are you okay, senpai?” she asked.
“Just making sure I’m not asleep, because this so far this is the weirdest fever dream I’ve
ever had,” the redhead answered. “I’ll go first and get it over with-“
“Wait.”
At Artoria’s command, everyone stopped. “There are two archers on either side in the
middle,” she stated. “They’ve not fired a single arrow, yet they have arrows nocked on their
bows. Thankfully their arrows are blunted as well but still, it seems these are different from
the others.” The others turned to check and, as she said, there were two skeleton archers

impassively staring at them, arrows at the ready. Their sightless sockets facing them with
such intensity that Ren couldn’t help but admire them slightly.
“For now, Morgana, try to head across first,” she commanded. “The regular arrows will pass
over your head, allowing you to pay the most attention to the other two archers and how they
shall act.”
“As long as the others don’t adjust their aim to compensate,” Morgana grumbled.
Nevertheless, he walked up to the beam, giving suspecting glares to the awaiting archers.
Before he went, his figure glowed and he reverted to his cat form. The smaller profile would
make him harder to hit, and he was a bit faster when he was in this form than when he was on
two legs anyway. He took a deep breath – then dashed forward.
As Artoria predicted, the skeleton archers didn’t adjust their aim and kept shooting straight
ahead, their arrows flying harmlessly far above the catlike being. The two waiting ones, on
the other hand, raised their bows, aimed, and fired. However, they grossly underestimated
Morgana’s speed and didn’t lead their shots. Thus, the only thing they accomplished was
having the arrows whizz by well behind the catlike being and land in the slime. Easily
balancing on the beam, he reached the other side with no issue, transformed back into his
Metaverse form, and hopped up waving his arm.
“As I suspected,” the Saber mused as the two skeleton archers began clattering at each other
like they were arguing. “Those archers are there so we can’t be slow crossing the beam.
Thankfully, they leave much to be desired in terms of competency. It shouldn’t be much
trouble so long as we do not hesitate.”
Mash frowned slightly. “Then perhaps I should go first with my shield,” she suggested. “I can
provide cover from them and we would only have to worry about the side archers.” As soon
as the words left her mouth, the other archers immediately stopped firing and turned to stare
at the group. The Servants instinctively moved in front of the Masters protectively and for a
moment, neither side said anything or moved.
“… Umu, but of course,” Nero realized. “You had gone through some lengths to prepare this
for us, yes? Then it would be rude of us to bypass the challenge so cavalierly. It is best we
proceed one or two at a time, am I correct?” The skeletons nodded as one, then resumed
firing their arrows directly over the beam. Everyone relaxed once they did, the tension in the
air draining again. “Well, it seems they take their pageantry quite seriously,” the emperor
noted. “It is perhaps best to play by their rules to avoid undue alienation.”
“Seems so,” Ren agreed. “In that case, I’ll go next and see how bad it is for a regular
person-“
“You’re anything but regular,” Ritsuka couldn’t help but grumble.
The Phantom Thief smirked. “Well, I’m hurt,” he replied, a hand over his heart as he
stumbled back onto the beam. “I’m just an ordinary guy, after all, who happens to have
slightly better reflexes.” As he spoke, he ‘stumbled’ past the first two rows of arrows. “And
maybe slightly better observation skills.” He stumbled past another row – and two gloved

arrows darted past him, landing in the jam below. “But other than that, I’m nothing too
special.”
“He says, as he’s just making his way across while barely even looking,” the redhead
commented in a flat tone while crossing her arms. Nevertheless, she had a small smile of
amusement while Mash watched anxiously beside her. “Fine, fine, you made your point, Mr.
‘I’m so regular’. Now stop showing off and get over there already.”
Ren limbo’d beneath yet another row of arrows. “I have no idea what you mean,” he simply
replied with a smirk. Ritsuka could only roll her eyes with a chuckle before turning to pat
Mash on the shoulder reassuringly. She could practically feel the Shielder’s worry radiating
off her, but she knew Ren well enough to know he would be just fine.
Sure enough, the Phantom Thief made it to the other side just fine. “Ha, knew it wouldn’t be
a challenge for you,” Morgana remarked before hopping up for a high five.
“It got a bit dicey at times,” Ren admitted with a grin. Regardless, he easily returned the high
five before turning back to the others. “Not too bad!” he called over. “Just don’t hesitate and
keep moving.”
Ritsuka looked back down at the pit, then shot another flat look at Ren. “You and I have very
different definitions of ‘bad’,” she retorted. Nevertheless, she lined herself up to the beam
and stared straight across, seeing the arrows darting by in her vision. She just needed to keep
her balance, time it right, and not take it too slow. Already she could see the gaps in the
constant row of arrows.
“Victory is within your grasp, Master,” Nero cheered. “Do not hesitate! Ren and Morgana
await you on the other side!”
The surety of Nero settled her nerves a little, if only because it was so over the top it ended
up being surprisingly encouraging. “Welp, here I go!” she murmured to herself before
making her way forward. The beam was surprisingly wider than she expected, allowing her
to maintain her balance easily. In her peripheral vision, she could see the skeletons raise their
bows.
Right. She couldn’t hesitate. Making her way across, she timed the gap between the arrows,
then slipped past a row – just as the arrows that were aimed at her flew by. While they were
aiming at her body instead of her head, one of the arrows grazed her side. The surprising
force and weight behind it caused her to wobble momentarily before she recovered her
balance, her heart almost beating out of her chest.
“You can do it, Ritsu!” Morgana cheered.
“Don’t falter or hesitate,” Artoria counseled. “Find your openings and march forward!”
Ritsuka reached up, smacked her own face to calm down a bit, and kept going forward, her
eyes focusing on Ren and Morgana on the other side. She continued moving forward on the
beam, trusting it to hold as she dodged arrow after arrow to her objective. As more arrows

whistled toward her, the redhead turned to the side and dodged them. Ducking down would
prove fruitless: The loss of speed meant the other skeletons would easily hit their mark.
She made her way forward, her heartbeat almost drowned out by the sounds of her friends
cheering her on. A mistimed advance resulted in an arrow to the arm that almost knocked her
off, and an arrow square in the chest when she hadn’t been paying attention knocked her
back, only barely recovering her balance in time. But she gritted her teeth and soldiered on.
Finally, at the last few feet, two arrows hit square on her back, pitching her forward – and
once more into Ren’s arms as he caught her.
“I’m starting to think you’re doing this on purpose,” Ren commented with a wry grin as he
helped her stand back up.
“Me? Never,” Ritsuka denied, unable to wipe the giddy grin off her face or the blush. It was
still unintentional but she was certainly going to accept her good fortune this time. Regaining
her composure, she waved to the others back on the other side to let them know she made it
safely – then she stumbled to the side of the path on her shaky legs and sat down.
She needed to exercise more.
Nero nodded and beamed at the other Servants. “Our Masters are safely on the other side,”
she declared. “Now let us join them! It shall be a simple matter – with our might, we shall
surmount this trial with ease!”
As if to spite her observations once more, the skeletons picked up new arrows. The arrows
now had glowing, sharp arrowheads. The archers began firing again, this time at a far faster
pace. Each time an arrow hit the board on the other side, there was a concussive shockwave
that radiated out on impact. Across the pit, Morgana winced and covered his ears again began
running off, shouting something they couldn’t hear to Ren and Ritsuka as he did.
Mash gulped as she observed the changes. “It would seem they have increased the difficulty
for Servants,” she noted.
The emperor nodded. “Of course!” she cried. “There is no acclaim to be had conquering a
trial that is without challenge! Now, let the Flower of Olympia begin!” Easily hopping on the
beam, she began running straight across with inhuman agility, dodging each arrow by the
narrowest of margins before jumping and twisting in mid-air to avoid the arrows that had
been coming straight for her. A second later and she was on the other side.
“Not a stain on my dress either,” Nero remarked, looking herself over with a grin. “Umu!
Perfect! As expected of me!”
Mash went next. Running across the beam, she swiftly dodged each row of arrows – then her
eyes widened seeing the arrows coming straight at her. She crossed her arms in front of her
reflexively in defense as they both struck. The concussive waves jarred through her body and
sent her sliding back, narrowly stopping next to a row of arrows she had just bypassed.
“You alright, Mash?” Ren called over.

The Shielder opened her mouth to reply, then jumped over an arrow and barely dodged out of
the way of a follow-up arrow that had been aimed at the location she had dodged. “I’m fine,
senpai!” she reported once she landed back on the beam. “Artoria, Jeanne, the archers are
much more accurate and calculating now! Please be careful!”
“Noted,” Artoria replied, observing the entire situation. “See to your safety and crossing first
though.”
Mash nodded before turning back to the others. She began making her way across while the
two skeleton archers continued to pressure her. As she had reported, the archers were
remarkably more intelligent and accurate now. The two coordinated their shots: at times they
fired at the same time to seal off her escape and at others, one fired an arrow first with the
second one shooting at the space Mash would dodge into. Nevertheless, the Shielder made it
to the other side.
“Good going, Mash,” Ren congratulated, grinning.
“Yeah, that looked pretty tough, Mashmallow,” Ritsuka noted, glaring at the archers. “But
you’re awesome as always.”
“Thank you,” Mash panted smiling at both of them. She looked around. “Where is
Morgana?” she asked.
The Phantom Thief pointed down the path, where Morgana hopped up and waved. “He’s over
there to protect his ears,” he answered. “His hearing is still a bit sensitive thanks to the maze,
but otherwise he’s fine.”
Meanwhile, back on the other side, Artoria and Jeanne looked at the beam with consternation.
“It seems this challenge becomes more difficult with each Servant challenger,” the saint
observed.
Artoria nodded. “Then we have reached the same conclusion,” she agreed. “In that case, I
shall go last. I am the best suited for whatever this absurd course can throw at me. Jeanne,
please proceed. I shall see you on the other side.”
The Ruler opened her mouth to argue, then thought better of it. They would be arguing for
the better part of the day considering how stubborn they could be about matters. Besides,
Artoria was aware of her own capabilities. If she believed she could handle this beam, then
she could do nothing else but to trust her. With that, she set foot on the beam, eyed the
archers aiming for her, then took off. She had already seen some of the strategies the archers
used. So long as she kept her guard up and her footing steady, she should be able to get to the
other sideThen she felt her foot being forced upward, knocking her off balance. As she tipped over,
everything felt like slow motion. Quickly flipping in midair, she lunged and barely managed
to grab on to the beam just in time. She scowled at the cause: A plate on the beam that had
shot upward and was now lowering itself to reset.
“Jeanne, watch out!” Ritsuka screamed.

The saint looked over to see the skeleton archers firing at her as she hung on the beam. With
a huff, she shimmied a good distance over with a single motion and tucked her legs in,
allowing the arrows to soar past underneath her. Once that was done, she quickly pulled
herself back up to the beam and began charging again.
This time, she didn’t bother with dodging or avoiding the arrows, instead keeping her
gauntleted arms crossed in front of her face. Arrows pelted her with concussive force, but she
forced herself onward. Plates kept springing underneath her feet, but her center of balance
was low enough that, coupled with her momentum, she just ran past them with minimal
disturbance. The one or two times they did knock her off course, she simply caught herself on
the beam, got back on, and kept charging anyway.
Finally, she reached the other side. “Pixie,” Ren called out. The diminutive persona appeared
and with a point, a green glow surrounded the saint. Relief spread through her body as the
pain from where the arrows struck her rapidly receded. They had left no lasting damage, but
they were nevertheless tender until they were healed.
“My thanks, Master,” Jeanne said with a grateful smile. “It seems the course is rapidly
becoming more difficult than any of us expected. I hope Artoria is prepared for it.”
“If you ask me, this almost seems like cheating,” Ritsuka grumbled. “Upgrading challenges
midway shouldn’t be allowed.”
“Umu, it is detestable,” Nero admitted. “However, it only bespeaks our glory and skill that
we are still able to surmount such challenges, does it not? Now we only await the last of us!”
She turned to her last compatriot still on the other side “Come, Artoria!” she cried. “This
challenge surely is no match for you!”
Artoria huffed slightly as she observed the beam and obstacles. As much as she appreciated
the vote of confidence from the high-spirited emperor, she knew she had to be wary. With
every Servant that had passed, new or modified obstacles had been added: Concussive
arrows, superior archers, and now springing pads that would knock her off balance. She
couldn’t guess what the next obstacle or difficulty next would be. All she could do was keep
on her guard.
She steadied herself on the beam, then sprang forward with inhuman speed. She easily
avoided the rows of arrows, then instinctively dodged the arrows aimed at her. Then she
started to feel one of the plates beneath her foot starting to raise upward. Perfect. Focusing
her weight on that spring, she used it to propel herself upward and over more incoming
arrows. She prepared herself to land on the beamOnly for that section of the beam to retract itself right underneath her foot. Her eyes widened
as her foot shot through the gap, causing her to pitch forward. She began reaching forward to
grab the beam in front of her – only for a plate on her other foot to suddenly spring up as
well. Her balance and equilibrium thrown off, she was catapulted off into the pit and the
slime below.
Everyone cried in alarm as they watched Artoria fall – and land on top of the slime. The
Saber simply huffed in annoyance as she lay there momentarily. The Blessing of the Lake

allowed her to walk on water and apparently, this slime – or rather, jelly – was thankfully
enough to qualify. She didn’t relish the prospect of a second dip in the stuff. Grumbling, she
stood up on top of the jelly and simply began stomping to the other side of the pit where the
others were waiting. She had entertained this farce long enough.
As she approached the side, skeletons suddenly began popping up out of the jelly and
charging forward. Artoria summoned her blade – only to see they were running past her to
the other side of the pit. They rapidly started stacking on each other, forming an impromptu
wall to block her from rejoining the others. She noticed they were wearing what appeared to
be wooden flippers, which would explain how they could walk on the slime, though the result
had them waddling all the same. She could easily break through but the sheer inanity of what
she was witnessing caused her to simply pause and stare in sheer disbelief.
Then another skeleton stepped forward, its flippers slapping against the slime, and stopped in
front of Artoria. The King of Knights and the skeleton stared at each other for a moment, as if
measuring the other’s worth. Meanwhile, the Chaldeans were simply staring at the bizarre
scene, unable to decide what to do. For a moment, nobody moved.
The impasse was finally broken by the skeleton walking forward until it was face to face with
Artoria, who was simply staring at it nonplussed. It reached up and grasped the Saber’s
shoulders… and started pushing down. The Chaldeans watched as the King of Knights
slowly sank into slime by the skeleton’s efforts while Artoria’s stare simply became more and
more empty.
The skeleton kept pushing down, and Artoria kept slowly sinking until the slime was up to
her shoulders. It got up, put a hand on its hip and stroked its chin as if contemplating, then
reached down and pushed a bit more until the slime was up to her neck. It nodded in
satisfaction while clapping its hands as if getting the dust off them, then turned and motioned
to its comrades. The skeleton wall disassembled and its ‘components’ dove back into the
slime, disappearing from view.
Morgana peered over the pit, the skeleton archers long since dismissed since everyone had
gotten across. “You, uh, you okay there, Artoria?” he nervously asked.
The Saber, who was up to her neck in slime now, didn’t deign to look at them. “I had
believed,” she began. “That we would be able to resolve this peacefully. There was no need
to fight and no need for bloodshed, after all. Nothing more than juvenile pranks or small
obstacle challenges. And indeed, they were. This is all incredibly juvenile and there was an
obstacle course that proved… trickier than I had first expected.”
Ritsuka started backing away nervously from the edge of the pit and Ren couldn’t blame her:
He could practically feel the king’s rage from where he was.
“That being said, even as a king, my patience is finite,” she continued as power began
building up in her body. “And I have tolerated these acts for some time. But I believe it is
time we put this farce behind us now and get to the bottom of this matter once and for all.
Especially if it means I do not get slimed yet again in this singularity. And I will certainly
kindly rebuke Elizabeth, Carmilla, and Vlad for this madness and disgrace.”

Suddenly, the slime was blasted away by a burst of raw power, followed by the skeletons who
had been curled up on the bottom in case they were needed. The skeletons began all running
about in the chaos, their bones and jaws clattering in a panic as they either ran for cover, were
flung into the air, or were trying to organize themselves into some semblance of order.
“Ack-! Ar-Artoria, please calm down!” Ritsuka screeched as she shielded her face from the
wind and bones.
“Shoot, I’m - I’m slipping!” Morgana cried before yelling as he was blown into the air – only
to be caught by Nero by his scarf.
“Umu, I have you, Master!” Nero called out. “Artoria, I understand your rage at this
humiliation but I beg you to recompose yourself! This tantrum ill becomes you!”
Meanwhile, Ren looked at the chaos around him, then quickly ducked behind some skeletons
and ran. While Vlad did tell him that going through this course would buy Elizabeth enough
time, it wouldn’t hurt to make sure. Running past crowds of running skeletons and a couple
ghosts (which had him wonder if they were for a later challenge), he reached the woods and
out of sight of the others.
Fishing the bone whistle out of his pocket, he blew. A ghostly, echoing whistle rang through
the air, the sound almost seemingly weaving between the trees. Then a green portal appeared,
and through it Mezuki galloped through. It turned around and trotted happily back to Ren.
“Hey, Mezuki,” he greeted, rubbing the skeletal horse’s head affectionately. “Good to see you
again, boy.” Mezuki leaned into the petting affectionately, pawing the ground.
Ren mounted on Mezuki – and winced as his rear hit the saddle. Right. He had almost
forgotten how much riding on the skeletal horse hurt. Still, there was nothing for it, especially
if he wanted to get there in a timely manner. “Alright, to Castle Csetje, Mezuki!” he
commanded. “Double time!” Mezuki reared on its hind legs, its ghostly flames blazing as its
jaw clattered, then it galloped toward the castle.
He just wished riding Mezuki was easier for the sake of his sore rear.
“Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.”
Still, there could be no denying the ghostly steed’s speed. It wasn’t long before he arrived at
the castle. Stumbling off the skeletal horse, he once more summoned Pixie to heal himself
and shambled up toward where Elizabeth’s stage was. Quickly finding the concert hall, he
stepped in – and his eyes widened in surprise.
The concert hall was set. Decorations and lighting were in place, with skeletons quickly
manning the various machines and tech. The stage was built and secured. It looked ready for
a full-fledged concert that Elizabeth promised. As for the idol herself, she was surveying the
stage and set, barking orders to the skeletons.
“Adjust that light there,” she snapped, pointing at a light off to the side. “Aim it further up so
we can get more brightness in the room here!”

“It might be a bit better to aim that one further down,” Ren interjected, causing the idol to
jump in surprise. Setting up a stage for Nero back in the town was a rather fruitful experience
– one he could put to use here. “Have it aimed at the background here. The ambient glare will
create some softer lighting and highlight Liz more without it being too harsh. Aim those
upper lights closer to the top instead – that will achieve the brightness that Elizabeth needs.”
The skeleton crew stared at Ren, then turned to look at Elizabeth for confirmation. The idol
wrestled with her thoughts for a moment at being countermanded, then barked, “Do what the
raven says!” As the skeletons immediately went to work, she spun over to Ren. “You’re late,”
she growled.
“Fashionably late,” Ren joked with a small smirk. “But yeah, sorry about that – I got a bit
tied up keeping everyone else occupied.”
“Yes, I heard from Vlad,” Elizabeth sighed, relenting on her frustration. “I suppose I’ll have
to give you credit for that, raven. You bought a lot of time for me to get everything set up. All
that needs to be done are the finishing touches – then I can finally begin my concert!”
The Phantom Thief nodded in agreement. “You definitely got a lot done here,” he agreed.
“Think you need a bit more time or are we good on that front?”
Elizabeth frowned as she looked around. “Everything is set here,” she answered. “But I
haven’t had time to set up a proper entrance for my audience! Raven, can I leave the entrance
to you while I finish the last touches here?”
Ren glanced over at her. “Anything specific you want me to do or include?” he asked.
The idol waved him off. “Just make it flashy and memorable,” she growled. “I know of your
penchant for flair, so I can trust you with that much at least. Just remember that I’m the idol
here so don’t overdo it!”
The Phantom Thief couldn’t help but chuckle at that last point. How often had his friends
remarked on something similar whenever he did his own thing during their heists? Some
things don’t change, it seemed. “Roger that,” he acknowledged. “Mind if I borrow some
skeletons?”
Elizabeth looked about and saw some skeletons that were fiddling with equipment. “Hey, you
lot there!” she called out, pointing at them. The skeletons immediately looked up. “Go with
the raven and follow his directions for a grand entrance! And no slacking off! I can see you
over there toying with those wires – we don’t need those!”
The skeletons immediately stood to attention – whether in respect to Elizabeth or because
they had been caught, Ren wasn’t sure. Probably both – and nodded. They all ran up to Ren,
awaiting instructions. The Phantom Thief grinned at them in turn. “Alright guys,” he stated.
“We got work to do and not a lot of time. So, here’s what I need-“
As the raven began instructing the skeletons, she turned back to the stage, looking it over
with a discerning eye – and for the first time, a wide, eager smile broke out. Everything was
almost prepared and she would even have an audience. While the raven did delay on

fulfilling his promise, he at least did his best to make up for it in spades. It wasn’t quite
enough to get back into her good books, but it was a start at least.
This would be a concert to remember. She would make sure of it.
“Our Master better have a good reason for all of this,” Artoria grumbled as she marched up
the path toward the castle. They had finally pushed past the obstacle course with no further
difficulties, troubles, or pranks. Now they were on the path to the castle with no further
distractions in sight.
“I’m sure he does, Artoria,” Jeanne reassured her. The saint had been spending a good bit of
her time trying to calm down the king before tempers could be inflamed any further. “He’s
doesn’t strike me the type to entertain games like this simply for its own sake.” She paused,
then turned uncertainly toward Morgana. “Is he?” she asked.
The catlike being paused at Jeanne’s question. He raced to find a way to phrase this at gently
as possible to try and soothe Artoria’s irritation. “Er, well,” he stammered. “Joker… would
entertain such games just for their own sake, yes. But I don’t think that’s the only case here.
Something’s going on that he’s having us just fool around as opposed to just dealing with it
directly.”
“Umu, that is to be expected,” Nero agreed. “Still, minor embarrassments aside, I would say
that all this cavorting about has been a most entertaining diversion. Entertaining undead,
serviceable hospitality, theatrics, and even delightful trials with harmless punishments. I
would say my time here has been quite enjoyable.”
Artoria shot the emperor a glare. “You were not the one trapped in a maze with annoying
music, then dunked into slime twice while playing along with the charade,” she growled. “So
what you consider enjoyable here and what I consider enjoyable are vastly different matters.”
“That is true,” the emperor relented. “I won’t deny fortune smiled more kindly on me than for
you. We shall take our Master and Elizabeth to task for what has happened here, but I do ask
you not to take any personal offense – it is nothing more than simple diversions and pranks.
We are not harmed, are we? Nor is the humiliation utterly repugnant.”
“That remains to be seen,” the king grumbled. Still, Nero had a point. None of them had
ultimately been harmed and if being covered in red jelly was the worst of it, then she had
been through infinitely worse. She was still more than done with the whole situation, but at
least she started calming down somewhat. It wasn’t worth being this irritated about it.
Cresting up the top of the path, they reached the Castle Csejte – and found that the
drawbridge had been raised. A marked difference compared to before when it was fully open,
and one that stymied the Chaldeans. Before they could even begin a discussion on what to do,
it slowly started lowering with the creak of chains – followed by the sound of rapid hoofbeats
behind it. A sound that was coming closer and closer
Artoria, Jeanne, Nero, and Mash all summoned their weapons in preparation for an enemy
encounter – then watched as a skeletal horse, wreathed in ethereal flame and flanked by four

ghosts, jumped off the drawbridge. They all ran or flew circles all around them in a dizzying
display, disorienting and dazzling them as the Servants all formed a protective cordon around
the Masters, ready in case the situation turned ugly.
Then the rider pointed upward, and the ghosts abruptly shot up into the air like fireworks
before plummeting onto the drawbridge chains, lighting them on fire. The horse ran back to
the drawbridge as a squadron of skeletons ran out, and the rider grinned. “Welcome, one and
all!” he cried. “To Elizabeth’s concert!” The horse reared and clattered its jaw as the
skeletons went on their knees and opened their arms to show them off, jaws opening in
macabre grins.
There was a moment of silence, lasting long enough for the atmosphere to become slightly
awkward. Then Nero burst out laughing as she began clapping. “Well done, well done, Ren
Amamiya!” she declared. “I knew you had a display for theatrics but even I have been taken
by surprise! I presume that you had only limited time for preparations else our greeting
would’ve been even more grandiose!”
The Phantom Thief chuckled ruefully. “I only had the few minutes it took you guys to finish
the course and come up here,” he admitted. “This is all I can arrange in such a short time. I
was hoping it would impress, but it seems like it did.” As he spoke, he gestured to the
skeletons, who got up on their feet and walked back into the castle, chattering with each other
like they were conversing. “Anyway, I’m guessing you guys have a lot of questions,” he
finished.
“I don’t even know where to begin!” Ritsuka finally exploded. “There was Vlad and Carmilla
and skeletons and ghosts and a labyrinth and that obstacle course and… and…! Gah! I don’t
even know a tenth of what’s going on anymore! And where did you even get that ridiculously
cool horse!?”
Ren grinned as he patted the undead horse on the side. “This is Mezuki,” he explained. “We
met and hit it off pretty well. He’s a bit of a rough ride, admittedly, but that’s not his fault. Is
it boy?” He petted the horse more for emphasis, who simply shook its head happily in
response.
“Wait,” Morgana interjected. “Did… did you name the horse ‘Mezuki’?”
“I did,” Ren confirmed.
“As in the horse-headed yokai?” Morgana clarified.
“That’s the one,” the Phantom Thief confirmed.
Morgana stared. Ritsuka stared. Artoria stared. Jeanne stared. Mash stared. Nero rubbed her
chin. “Well, names aside, you have a gallant and loyal steed, Ren Amamiya,” she concluded.
“That is worthy of praise. Now, in the meantime, let us see to Elizabeth, shall we? She is the
reason for this singularity, after all.”
“Yes, perhaps that would be our best of action,” Jeanne agreed.

“Let’s get this over with,” Ritsuka grumbled. “I’m taking a nap as soon as we’re done here.”
Everyone walked past Ren into the castle. “What? Mezuki is a perfectly good name!” the
Phantom Thief indignantly remarked. When none of them responded, he looked over at his
steed. “You like the name, right?” he asked to make sure. Mezuki huffed in approval,
spouting ghostly flames from its nostrils. “I thought so,” he muttered as he hopped off – and
nearly buckled from his sore legs again.
Grumbling, he summoned Pixie for heal himself yet again. “I’ll see you in a bit, Mezuki,” he
said. The horse snorted again, then ran back off into the woods. Ren watched his ghostly
steed leave, then turned around to rejoin the others, wincing a bit at the soreness of his legs
and rear. “What the heck is wrong with ‘Mezuki’?” he muttered to himself.
They made their way up the castle, with everyone but Ren looking around them
dumbfounded by the more and more ostentatious decorations. Eventually, they reached the
concert hall, where they found Vlad and Carmilla waiting for them.
“Welcome, dear guests,” Vlad greeted, bowing deeply towards them. “I hope tonight’s
diversions were to your delight?”
“If by ‘delight’ you mean ‘miserable’, then yes,” Morgana growled. “What the heck was all
that about?! The labyrinth, the obstacle course, and… well, just about everything else! I
couldn’t even have a good bite of dinner, and I know I smelled fatty tuna being offered
earlier! What’s the big idea?”
“And further humiliations from the juvenile pranks and games you have played on us,”
Artoria added. Though her tone was far more even than Morgana’s, there was a clear edge
within that showed the king’s fraying temper. “If there is a reason for all of this, I would hear
of it now.”
Carmilla scowled. “How uncouth,” she spat.
Vlad once again shot a warning glance at his compatriot before bowing once more. “We
deeply apologize for our poor hospitality,” he murmured. “While we were somewhat rushed
to set everything up, that is no excuse. Please accept our sincerest apologies. Know that we
are now approaching the main event – the ‘reason for all of this’, as you say.” He nodded to
Artoria in acknowledgement. “The diversions were created to distract you momentarily so we
may prepare accordingly. Ren Amamiya has been of great help on that front, both in
preparation and in distraction.”
“So this was what you were up to,” Ritsuka grumbled. “I should’ve figured. I really should
have.”
Ren smiled ruefully and shrugged. “I did promise Elizabeth I’d help her out,” he admitted.
“Things did get a bit out of control, but at least it’s all settled now.”
“It was a bit fun, at least,” Jeanne admitted, to which Ren smiled gratefully.

Vlad smiled. “That is reassuring to hear,” he sincerely commented. “But now, without further
ado, let us proceed to the main event!” He gestured to the door, which ponderously opened to
a darkened room. Then the stage lights click on, one after another, slowly traveling from the
door and illuminating the darkness – and then the whole stage flashed into being, with
Elizabeth standing in the center.
“The sun has set and the nights are long,” Elizabeth’s voice boomed out from loudspeakers.
“But that wouldn’t scare any of you dragonlings, would it? After all…” She raised a hand and
pointed at the sky. “Your one and only shining star Eli-Chan is here!”
The lights then exploded into being and music began playing as Elizabeth began dancing. All
around the stage were skeletons waving glowsticks and wearing bandanas on their skulls.
None of them were cheering – or even clattering – but it was out of courtesy and
responsibility so that Elizabeth could be heard loud and clear.
The reactions of the others were… mixed. Most of the Chaldeans could only observe,
flabbergasted by just about everything they were witnessing. Ritsuka was pinching herself
multiple times to reassure herself she wasn’t dreaming. Mash looked between Elizabeth and
the Chaldeans, unsure what to do – so far as she studied, there was no protocol for this kind
of situation. Artoria was once again pinching the bridge of her nose in exasperation and
frustration as Jeanne patted her on the shoulder in sympathy. Morgana had already covered
his ears. The concert was far too loud for his liking.
Nero had her arms crossed and was nodding approvingly, silently complimenting her stage
presence and the set design. Ren had helped her with the setup, apparently – then she
remembered how the Phantom Thief had also set up an impromptu stage for her in the town.
Did he plan to learn from her and impart those lessons to assist Elizabeth in turn? No, the
Phantom Thief wasn’t that calculating. More likely it was a happy coincidence and he simply
expanded his breadth of knowledge with his work and brought it to bear.
The realization almost had her laughing, only barely restraining herself out of courtesy for
Elizabeth. The sheer cheek of her Master! She could see indeed why her other self in the
singularity had fallen for him! If her rival was going to shine even more marvelously, then
she would have to push her own performances even further. For now, she would simply
admire Elizabeth’s work and effort, learn, and see what she could use in turn. What was that
saying? ‘Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.’
Then the entire castle quaked.
Immediately the Chaldeans were on guard. Ren glanced over at Elizabeth for answers. The
idol was still dancing, but her expression looked troubled with her eyes darting about as if to
find the cause. Vlad and Carmilla, who were still present, looked similarly alarmed and
concerned. Whatever was going on, they weren’t the ones responsible.
Another quake rocked through the entire castle, dropping some dust from the ceiling. “Heads
up, guys,” the Phantom Thief called out as he slipped the Chaldean Arms outside of his
jacket in gun form. The other Servants summoned their weapons as well in preparation as
they warily checked their surroundings, forming a protective cordon around the Masters.
Vlad and Carmilla had summoned their own weaponry as well and even Elizabeth could no

longer ignore what was going on, summoning her spear as the skeleton audience looked
around them worryingly.
Then the wall behind Elizabeth exploded, completely destroying the stage and equipment
while sending Elizabeth and many of the skeletons in the front rows flying. Heat, almost
unbearably hot, rushed in through the hole. A gigantic gust of wind blew in, sweeping aside
the dust and rubble, allowing them to see what lay beyond the destruction.
Hell.
That was the only way the outside could be described. The woods surrounding the castle had
all been set ablaze. Plumes of smoke rose up into the sky, lit up by the flames below as they
hungrily gnawed the dead wood, their tongues reaching for the heavens. The roar of the
flames and splintering wood echoed, drowning almost everything else out – except for the
heavy sound of wingbeats.
But the fire wasn’t what caught their attention. Looming past the smoke was a dark shadow,
barely visible from the flames below. Before any of them could question what it was, the
shadow shifted – and an earth-shattering, primal roar tore through the air, louder and fiercer
than almost anything they have ever heard. Mash rushed in front of the Chaldeans and raised
her shield – and braced herself as the shockwave of the roar crashed against the front of her
shield. Gritting her teeth, she held out against the sheer might of the roar. Meanwhile,
Elizabeth was sent crashing into the wall as all the skeletons immediately disintegrated into
dust.
Finally, the roar stopped. Mash cautiously lowered her shield while Ren rushed over to
Elizabeth, who had just picked herself out of the wall. She was in a rough state after being
smashed against the wall from the roar, her wings askew and bleeding from numerous
wounds. A simple heal wasn’t going to do the trick. He switched masks in his mind.
“Cybele!”
A young woman appeared in a flash of blue flame. Blue skinned with long, black hair that
flowed behind her, white stripes curled and looped all around her nubile body. In her hands
she wielded forked canes while metal hoops surrounded her. The most prominent feature
were the two horns that protruded from the sides of her head. With a devilish smirk, she
gestured with one of her canes.
At the Persona’s command, a powerful green glow surrounded Elizabeth, followed by a cool,
spring breeze that, for the briefest of moments, caused the idol to forget about the inferno and
smoke. Her wounds rapidly sealed up and healed while her wings were mended back to their
proper positions. Before she knew it, she felt good as new.
“Are you alright, Elizabeth?” Ren panted as Cybele vanished. Using a Diarahan on top of all
the minor uses of Persona magecraft was a bit more draining than he expected, but it had to
be done.
Elizabeth blinked as she tried to process what was going on, then glared at him in annoyance.
“Does it seem like I’m alright?!” she screeched. “My concert, all my practice and

preparations, ruined! Who dares to ruin everything I… set… up…!” Her outraged screams
faded into abject horror as she saw what it was that lay beyond the hole. The roar had blasted
away the smoke, allowing everyone a clear view of the perpetrator.
It was a massive being, the very scale blotting out land and sky. Its scales were as dark as the
endless night above and its red eyes were filled with cruel pride and malice. Every beat of its
ponderous wings sent gusts of wind that fanned the flames below, stoking them into an
inferno. There was absolutely no doubt as to what the creature was.
A dragon.
The creature reared its head up, its maw glowing brightly with its infernal wrath. Mash’s eyes
widened. “Everyone, behind me!” she cried. While everyone quickly began piling behind her,
she focused her magical energy. ‘True name, Pseudo Register,’ the Shielder intoned as her
shield began glowing. ‘Releasing all limiters. Unleashing Noble Phantasm.’
‘Lord Chaldeas!’
Just as the circles and sigils of light appeared, the dragon fired a white-hot stream of flame
straight into the castle. It collided with Mash’s Noble Phantasm, the impact causing the
masonry underneath her feet to crack from the sheer effort as the Shielder braced herself from
the impact. The fire swirled above and around them, blinding them to their surroundings. The
temperature was quickly rising as well to the point the Masters quickly broke into a sweat –
and it was getting hotter still.
“Jack Frost!”
The snowman persona burst into being. With a hearty cheer of ‘Hee-ho!’, it began creating
ice sculptures on either side of Mash. They quickly melted, misting the air with cooler
(though still uncomfortably warm) air, though the rapidly rising temperature forced Ren to
keep creating ice sculptures to lower the ambient temperature so they wouldn’t suffer from
heatstroke. While it might be more energy efficient to use a stronger ice spell, the resulting
sculpture wouldn’t be protected by Mash and simply be blasted away. No, this was the best
he could do for now.
After moments that felt like eons, the flames abated. Mash lowered her shield, panting as she
noticed the half-melted lumps of ice on either side of her. Ren winced as he turned to look
around. While he was fine with repeatedly using weaker personas, he had to keep Jack Frost
out almost constantly using Bufu to keep them cool. He could feel his circuits in his body,
uncomfortably warm from so much use.
Still, he fared far better than their surroundings. The masonry was charred and even partially
melted from the sheer wrath of the flames. All the posters and decorations Elizabeth had
painstakingly set up with now nothing more than cinder, while her stage and equipment lay in
ashes. The ruin went down the hallways as far as they could see, indicating the entire interior
of the castle might have been scorched by the dragon’s ire. The air now smelled of soot and
sulfur and felt uncomfortably warm.
“Get to the rooftops!”

Everyone looked in surprise at Ritsuka for her sudden command. “We don’t have good
visibility or a proper vantage point against the dragon,” she quickly explained. “And if we
stay here, it can simply keep breathing fire in here until the whole castle is turned into an
oven! We need open ground, now!” Proving her first point, the dragon was already gone from
sight from the hole it had made, yet they could still hear its wingbeats and distant roars
outside.
Elizabeth scowled before raising her spear and pointing to an opening in the hallway, its door
burnt off its hinges. “This way!” she ordered. They all began following Elizabeth through her
castle – a place she knew like the back of her hand – while the Servants kept their weapons
up for protection and both Ren and Morgana had their personas at the ready.
As they ascended the stairways and ran through the halls, the castle kept quaking, dislodging
soot and ash on their heads while the dragon’s distant roars echoed even through the partially
melted stone walls. The scale of the destruction from just that one gout of fire lent credence
to Ritsuka’s command: The castle interior was an untenable battlefield for the Chaldeans.
Rattling sounds issued from behind them. They turned to look and saw skeletons rushing up.
However, these weren’t the regular skeletons they had come to know. Their bones were
blackened and charred, and in their hands were bows, swords, shields, and spears. Most
tellingly of all were their eye sockets: instead of being empty, they were darkened with only
glowing red dots in the center. Near imperceptible normally, they shone brightly and
malevolently in the gloom of the castle.
“It would appear the dragon has commandeered your stage crew, Elizabeth,” Nero remarked
as she summoned her greatsword. “Though it pains me to say, I shall be of little assistance
against a dragon. I will leave the spotlight to the rest of you.”
Carmilla clicked her tongue in irritation as she stepped forward, scepter in hand. “Managing
these literal numbskulls has been utterly tedious,” she growled. “This shall be cathartic, to
say the least.
Elizabeth’s eyes widened in rage, and she was about to launch into another tirade about how
the dragon seized her stage crew when Ren spoke first. “Appreciate it, you guys,” he thanked
the two women. “Come on, we better get going.” The idol glared at Ren but nevertheless
stopped herself from retorting, nodded, and continued to lead the others. Moments later, they
heard countless bones shattering behind them.
Ren smirked to himself. They would be just fine.
One last spiral staircase and they were on the rooftop. It was an open affair, with walkways
and battlements lining the outside edge. In the middle was a large, slanted rooftop meant for
allowing in sunlight while keeping out the elements – though it would do incredibly little
against dragon fire. From their vantage point, they could see that the entire castle was
surrounded by a near endless sea of flames. The smoke reached up to the sky, blotting out the
night and shrouding the heavens in an infernal glow.
But most importantly, they could see the dragon flying in circles high above them, only
visible between plumes of smoke or as a flitting black shadow through the dark clouds. It was

certainly too far for any of their weaponry, and Ren and Morgana’s own weapons would be
utterly useless against a dragon of that size.
Ritsuka scowled. Of all the times to not have any Archer Servants with them. She looked
back at the others, racking her brain for solutions. “Do we have anything that could bring the
dragon down?” she called out.
Jeanne frowned. “I could throw my flag, but it would be difficult to hit something that far and
moving that quickly,” she offered.
“Same with my Strike Air,” Artoria added. “Nor am I sure that it would bear enough power
to knock it down. Though perhaps with my Noble Phantasm-“
“Nuh uh, no way!” Elizabeth shot down. “You’re not using Excalibur and blasting my castle
to bits! It’s my stage, after all!” The king frowned in response but didn’t argue – it wouldn’t
be productive to provoke her unnecessarily. Still, it left them with one less option.
Vlad crossed his arms. “It is too far and too mobile,” he reported. “If we are able ground it,
then I shall ensure it stays there.”
The redhead looked about her, trying to put the pieces together. They didn’t have any Archer
or Caster Servants – or rather, anyone who specialized in long ranged combat. The dragon
was strong, no doubt, but in a head-on confrontation, they had more than enough firepower to
fight it. How could she make all of this work? Countless plans, borne from desperation,
madness, and half-baked ideas rapidly formed then just as quickly dismissed or discarded.
Her lungs felt like they were shrinking. It was getting harder to breathe. Was it the smoke in
the air, or maybe the heat? Maybe both? Her vision swam. The face of Astolfo as he lay
dying in her arms once more appeared in her mind’s eye again. She tried shoving the image
out but it reappeared, more vivid than ever. Was she shaking? She couldn’t tell anymore, but
there wasn’t any time to focus on that. Wasn’t she supposed to be the captain, like Ren had
said? There had to be some sort of plan she could use. But she needed to think. Come on,
there had to be something! It’s right in front of her! Think, think, think, think think think
think think thinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthink
“RITSUKA!”
The loud shout combined with a rough shake of her shoulders startled the Master, and she
found herself looking up at the sharp grey eyes of Ren. “We’re here with you, Ritsuka,” he
continued, his tone firm and calm. “Take a deep breath, relax, and focus.”
“Consider what is necessary and our objectives, Ritsuka Fujimaru,” Artoria added, her eyes
never leaving the dragon as it soared through the skies. “If the plan isn’t feasible, then find
the next best. If that also won’t work, then continue down the line.” Her grip on her blade
tightened as the dragon’s roar echoed through the air. “While time is of the essence, panic
helps no one. Least of all yourself,” she finished.
Ritsuka blinked at the two, took a deep breath, then slapped her cheeks. Damnit, she slipped
up. Settling her mind and heart, she looked back up at their surroundings. The dragon had far

too much mobility and space to work with, and they didn’t have an easy way to restrain that.
Not with what they had to work with anyway.
If that was the case, the next best option would be to make its path predictable. If they could
either ensure or create a path the dragon would absolutely take, then any attacks would be
almost guaranteed to land. That would mean some they laid out some sort of trap and bait
that was far too irresistible.
She looked around, trying to see what would work as bait and/or a trap. Maybe a treasure
hoard or food? Then her eyes rested on Elizabeth, who was glaring up at the dragon and
shouting at it in indignant rage. More specifically, her horns and tail, which looked rather
draconic now that she thought of itThen an idea slammed into her head. They had the perfect bait and trap. Now for the details.
“Ren, Morgana, how far can you project your personas?” she demanded. “And can they stay
in midair?”
Ren and Morgana traded looks in question, then the former considered as he looked into the
distance, furrowing his eyebrows. “They can appear as far as I can see the location, and
floating isn’t a problem at all,” he answered. “I’m guessing you got an idea.”
The redhead nodded. “Yep, and we’re probably gonna hate it,” she stated bluntly before
spinning on her heel to face the idol. “Elizabeth!” she called out.
The draconic Lancer whirled around, directing her wrath at Ritsuka. “What do you want,
chipmunk?!” she snarled.
Chipmunk? What kind of nickname- She shoved the thought out of her head. Not the time.
Instead, an eager grin that seemed to border on exhilarated madness spread on her lips. This
plan would be so stupid – and she couldn’t wait to see how it bore fruit.
“How would you like to put on another concert?”
Creating the plan was the easy part. Implementing it was a different matter entirely. The
dragon wasn’t idle as it kept bombarding the group with fireballs and jet streams of flame,
forcing the Masters to hunker down behind Mash and her shield. Ritsuka barked out
instructions, focusing on getting everyone into position while keeping an eye for any more
variables or advantages she needed to be aware of. Ren and Morgana occasionally chimed in
with suggestions, refining the plan and helping with rough spots that rough spots the redhead
might have missed.
Before long, everything was set. Elizabeth stood on the edge of her castle, scowling at the
dragon. Artoria and Jeanne took positions behind her on either side while Vlad crouched
down in the back, hidden. The Masters meanwhile were spread out on the rooftop, behind the
Servants. “Right,” Ritsuka breathed. It was do or die. “Ren, start us off.”
Ren nodded. “Attis!” he called out. The blue-skinned, bandaged persona once more appeared
in a flash of blue flame. Whirling the dagger in its hand, it waved his hand – and suddenly, a

flash of red, blue, and green lights appeared around everyone. Artoria was familiar with the
sensation: A burst of strength, greater resilience, and the world seemed to move a bit slower
than before. This was what gave her the edge needed to defeat the maddened Lancelot back
in Lyon.
She pressed her lips together before dismissing the memory. They were knights on opposing
sides then. Nothing more.
“Alright, Elizabeth!” Ritsuka called over. “It’s showtime!”
The idol whirled her spear about her head. “I’m going to let you hear the biggest hit in the
Servant world!” she cried. “Time to get pumped up! I will make you cry!” Slamming it into
the ground, a castle erupted from underneath her – much smaller than the Castle Csejte but
still formidable in size, with multiple structures and buildings replaced by speakers. Despite
the seemingly ridiculous appearance, the aura of power that lifted off the structure was
unmistakable.
“Bathory Erzebet!” Elizabeth declared. Floating to stand on the top of her spear, she took a
deep breath. Then“LAAAAAAAAAAAA~!”
The masonry directly underneath Elizabeth cracked from the sound of her Noble Phantasm.
The Masters had to cover their ears as it felt like needles being drilled into them, and even
Servants like Mash, Artoria, and Jeanne winced in pain. They weren’t even the ones being
targeted by the Noble Phantasm, yet just the sound of the idol’s voice was agonizing.
Combined with the enhancement from Ren’s Thermopylae, it was even louder and more
powerful – and more painful.
But they weren’t the intended audience. Everything was set up so Elizabeth’s singing would
reach one particular target, one who wouldn’t ignore something so loud and so defiant.
Moments later, the dragon roared angrily in response before diving towards them, its wrath
clear in its eyes. Its maw began glowing as dragon fire began building once more. Jeanne
quickly raised her standard. “O’ Flag, protect my people!” she roared out.
“Luminosite Eternelle!”
A beam of sunlight pierced through the night and smoke, illuminating the entire rooftop as
Jeanne’s Fleur-de-lis flag fluttered proudly in the air. The flames reached the threshold of the
Noble Phantasm – then swirled around it. No flame would pierce through the protection of
God, and dragon fire was no exception. Not even the heat reached the others, leaving the area
surprisingly serene and cool.
And within, Elizabeth kept singing, her notes and song directed in defiance and rancor at the
dragon that dared to ruin her show. The dragon was approaching closer, and closer, its great
being and wings blotting out the sky as its black scales seemed to absorb all the light that
emanated from the inferno below“Raphael!”

“Zorro!”
The angelic being and the masked rogue appeared on the right side of the dragon. Wielding
their blades, they charged forward in the air, sinking their blades to the hilt into the wing
while simultaneously grappling onto it and pushed. The flame cut off with a startled yelp
from the dragon as it began listing to the side, losing control of its trajectory. The dragon beat
its one free wing hard, creating a sheer explosion of mana to forestall its crash course. The
shockwave passed harmlessly by Jeanne’s Noble Phantasm, though the Castle Csejte quaked
ominously underneath them. It ruined the dragon’s momentum and inertia, leaving it afloat in
midair – and a sitting duck.
That caught Ritsuka by surprise. She wanted to divert its flight and have it crash hard into the
surrounding countryside, but this worked almost as well. “Jeanne, Artoria!” she yelled as she
held up her hand. “Take it down! Jeanne, by my command seal, launch your flag at the
dragon!”
The sunlight faded as Jeanne began glowing with power. Meanwhile, Morgana looked over at
Artoria. At a mental command, Zorro backed off the dragon’s wing and drew a pattern in her
direction. Another trio of lights flitted around Artoria, strengthening her further as she raised
her blade. The dragon could feel the gathering of power around it and shook the archangel
free, spreading its wings to take off“Dionysus!”
There was another flash of lights around the dragon, and suddenly it felt weaker. Everything
around it seemed slightly faster. Its eyes glared, trying to find the source. It wasn’t the
infernal screeching of that pathetic excuse of a dragonling. It was something else. As its gaze
darted about, it found a strange, glowing, multicolored man standing beside a mortal. Even
from here it could feel the faintest glimmer of divinity.
For the first time, it felt a pang of fear deep in its heart. What kind of monsters was it
fighting?! And although it managed to spread its wings, it was far too late…
“Strike Air!”
Artoria swung down, unleashing the winds that wrapped around her blade in a hurricane gale.
The winds howled as they raced towards the dragon, far faster than it anticipated. As it did
so, Jeanne took aim, then threw her flag like a javelin. It sped through the air like a bullet and
crashed with a deafening report on its chest, breaking both scales and bones underneath – and
wounding its heart. The hurricane caught its wing, wrenched it backwards and, with a
sickening crunch, dislocated its joints. With a roar of shock, agony, and apoplectic rage, it
pitched forward and crashed against the castle, its mighty claws digging into the rooftop for
purchase.
Not what she planned or expected, but she would take it. Now for the follow up. “Vlad!” she
called.
The Berserker had already been gathering magical energy in preparation for his role. He
raced forward and jumped high into the air. “Covered in blood, I offer up my life,” he

intoned.
“Kazikli Bey!”
Countless stakes burst out from Vlad’s body, swirling around like giant, macabre serpents.
Each one slammed into the dragon, pinning its forelimbs and shredding its wings first before
converging once more and piercing the dragon’s body. The creature roared as the Noble
Phantasm bore into its upper back, piercing through its hardened scales into the flesh below.
It couldn’t pierce through its thick muscles, but it left the dragon sprawling helplessly against
the castle.
A glow emanated from the dragon’s maw once again and Ritsuka’s eyes widened. They were
in point blank range of its flames. They would be incinerated if they didn’t do something. She
raised her hand to use another command seal, Jeanne’s name on her lips“Hecatoncheires!”
Before she could, a teal multi-armed giant rushed out of nowhere. Charging at the dragon, it
opened its arms and wrapped them around the creature’s maw, forcing them closed. The
dragon’s eyes widened in shock. With a muffled roar of rage that caused the entire castle to
shudder, it tried to wrestle away from the giant’s grip, flames spilling from its sealed jaw. In
response, Hecatoncheires punched it hard with one of its arms, knocking it into a daze.
“Everyone, go!” Ren roared, his magic circuits burning within in body.
They needed no further prompting. Artoria rushed in, with her blade now showing its full
splendor, and sliced the dragon’s throat as if the scales and flesh were nothing more than
paper. The creature gave another muffled roar of pain and rage, forestalled by another smash
from Hecatoncheires. As flames began roaring from the slashed throat, Mash ran in and
blocked them with her shield. Without the dragon being able to properly direct the flames,
they were far easier for her to handle. Jeanne and Vlad leaped into the air and landed on the
dragon’s neck, their respective polearms penetrating the scales and muscles.
Despite all the damage they were doing, it wasn’t enough. The dragon’s thrashing was getting
fiercer as its wings started to mend themselves. Ren turned to Elizabeth and raised his own
hand. “Elizabeth, by my command seal!” he roared as the seals shone bright red in the gloom
of the night. “Take out the dragon!” One of the seals flashed then faded away as Elizabeth
began radiating power.
The idol flew up into the air, her expression etched with indignant rage. “You ruin my castle,
my concert, and have the affront to be offended by my singing?!” she snarled. “Know your
place, you absolutely poor excuse of a dragon!”
She lifted her spear. Just before she could move in, however, the dragon shook free of
Hecatoncheires and roared, its wings slowly spreading. Its claws dug into the masonry as it
began lifting itself, glaring in sheer malice and rage at the insects that dared to attack it. Ren’s
and Elizabeth’s eyes widened. There wasn’t a good shot for Elizabeth to take. Any wound
she’d make would be far too shallow and would only get her hurt. There had to be
something-

Then he noticed a glimmer of green just barely visibly above the glare of the inferno on top
of one of the nearby towers. It receded for a moment, then flashed into the night sky like a
star – and Mezuki shot down like a meteor, bringing its bony hooves down right on the
wound from Kazikli Bey, causing it to roar in agony as it collapsed once again onto the
castle.
Ren wasted no time, having his persona wrestle the dragon’s jaw shut once more and keeping
it pinned as Mezuki hopped off the dragon. “Good job, Mezuki!” he cheered. The skeletal
horse reared on its hind legs triumphantly while he whirled back to Elizabeth. “GO!” he
roared.
The idol nodded in affirmation and charged. As she darted forward, another flash of tricolored lights – courtesy of Morgana – surrounded her. With a roar of rage and determination,
she drove her spear into the dragon’s eye. The creature roared and buckled in agony but was
kept in place by Hecatoncheires still. Screaming, she pushed the spear deeper and deeper into
its eye as the dragon thrashed about to try and escape. Then moments later, it slumped over
with a final gurgle and fell still.
And just like that, it was over.
As Hecatoncheires vanished, Ren wiped the sweat off his bow. His body felt uncomfortably
warm, both from the blaze below and from using his magic circuits so much. Morgana had
collapsed on his rear while Ritsuka shakily sat down on a piece of rubble, exhausted and
drained from the battle. Artoria, Jeanne, and Vlad were checking on the dragon, making sure
it was dead before anything else.
Ren idly remembered Siegfried’s legend about him bathing in dragon blood, then shoved
away the thought. Daring as he was, even he wasn’t about to risk doing something like that.
The sound of bony hooves on stone drew the Phantom Thief’s attention as Mezuki trotted
happily to him. “You were beyond awesome, boy,” he complimented, patting the horse
affectionately. The skeletal horse shook its head delightedly in response.
“Always making great friends wherever you go, huh, Joker,” Morgana commented, giving a
wry grin as he stared up at the ghostly horse. “I see some things don’t change no matter
what.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled and shrugged. “It’s a habit,” he replied simply, still petting
Mezuki as he did so.
“Umu, well fought indeed!”
Turning, the Phantom Thief saw Nero and Carmilla walking toward them. While the countess
looked disgruntled as always, the emperor was beaming as she looked over the corpse of the
dragon. “It is no small feat to slay a dragon,” she declared. “And I have no doubt you, as well
as Ritsuka and Morgana, have contributed greatly. To that, I say excellently done.”
Ren grinned wearily. “Thanks, Nero,” he replied. Then he glanced over as Artoria walked up
to him. “Something up?” he asked.

“How much do you know of dragons, Master?” she asked.
The Phantom Thief considered for a second, looking around Artoria at the great beast that lay
there. “Not much more than is explain in myths, games, or movies,” he admittedly honestly.
There was also Fafnir from the France singularity but they ultimately didn’t learn too much
about it. “Why do you ask?”
The king nodded as if that was what she expected. “The bodies of a dragon are rich in mana
and resources,” she elaborated. “Under normal circumstances it would behoove us to try and
recover as much of it as possible, but since communication with Chaldea is down, it is best
we limit it to the choicest pieces of it.”
Ren nodded slowly. That made sense. He recalled Da Vinci fervently asking for him to snag
Fafnir’s fangs before its corpse disappeared. Thankfully, that didn’t seem to be the case with
this dragon. “In that case, you mind if I leave it to you and the others?” he asked. “I have
something else to take care of at the moment.” He had noticed that Elizabeth vanished after
the battle and he needed to speak with her.
Artoria nodded in understanding. “Very well,” she accepted before turning to Ritsuka and
Morgana. “Masters, may I ask for your assistance in this matter?” she asked.
The two Masters looked at each other in surprise, then Ritsuka slowly hauled herself up.
“Oof,” she grunted. “Sure, but I’m not sure how I can help here.”
“Learning organization and inventorying war gains is vital for resource gain,” the Saber
replied. “It is a fundamental lesson that I believe would prove to be essential in the future.
Come, I shall show you.”
The redhead looked over at the dragon. “Huh. Guess video games should’ve taught me to
expect this,” she muttered. Turning to Nero and Carmilla, she waved over at them. “Hey, can
you guys give us a hand?” she called over. “This is a big one we’re working with!”
Nero looked up and down the dragon, then beamed. “Umu! Dissecting a dragon is nothing
less than opening a treasure trove!” she declared. “I shall gladly be of assistance!”
Carmilla wrinkled her nose and huffed as she shot a glare at the redhead. “Do not presume to
order me about,” she snapped. “I have gone above and beyond for this entire circus, and I am
at my limit. I shall see if there is any vintage left in the cellars, and heaven help you if there is
none.” With a final glare, she turned around and vanished into golden light.
“Leave her be,” Vlad sighed. “The fact she decided to walk away instead of confronting us is
probably the best we can ask for at the moment.” Turning back to the dragon, he rolled up his
sleeves. “Now, let us begin our work,” he declared. “It shall be a touch grisly but nothing we
have not encountered before. By your leave, Ritsuka Fujimaru.”
Morgana looked over at the group who were discussing what parts of the dragon to carve and
retain before turning back to Ren. “You gonna be okay, Joker?” he asked concernedly.

Ren smiled back and nodded. “I got this one,” he replied simply. “Let me know if you find
anything good.”
The catlike being nodded. “Will do,” he replied. “Good luck.” With that, he walked off
toward the others. Mezuki meanwhile trotted off to the side and simply stared out at the
burning landscape. Despite its supernatural nature, it seemed to be resting and at peace at the
moment. It would be just fine here.
With that, the Phantom Thief descended from the rooftop. While he didn’t know precisely
where Elizabeth went, he had a pretty good guess where she had disappeared to. After all,
there was only one other place she could be.
Going down multiple flights of stairs and walking past melted hallways and shards of bones,
it wasn’t long before he reached the ruined the doors of the concert hall. Stepping over the
rubble, he found Elizabeth standing in the middle, staring at the gigantic hole the dragon had
made.
“You alright?” Ren called out as he made his way over to her.
The idol whirled about in surprise, then sighed in frustration. “No, I’m not alright,” she
snapped. “I was gonna have my debut right here! I had everything set up so it was perfect! It
was going to be the rise of Shining Star Eli-Chan! But no, some overgrown lizard had to poke
its head in and completely ruin everything. All of it for nothing! Just… ARGH!” She reached
down, grabbed a small piece of rubble, and threw it out the gap in frustration.
Ren nodded sympathetically as he watched it soar into the open air. “It sucks, yeah,” he
agreed. Then a thought struck him. “If you don’t mind me asking, why do you want to be an
idol so much?” he asked. From the countess that infamously coveted the blood of maidens for
eternal youth to becoming an idol was certainly a considerable jump. He had an inkling back
in the France singularity but it would be better if she told him everything instead of
haphazardly connecting the dots.
Elizabeth sighed frustratedly. “Don’t know why you wanna ask now, raven,” she grumbled as
she reached down to pick up some pieces of rubble. “But the reason is simple – you know of
my gruesome legend: the horrific countess of blood that captured and tortured girls for their
blood. They weren’t even true, yet I got locked up in my own castle for the rest of my days
because of it. I couldn’t talk to or see anyone. I couldn’t even step foot outside and only had
the barest contact with the outside world.”
She remembered those days all too well: The suffocating silence, the all-consuming
loneliness, the cold, dispassionate stares of his jailers whenever she pleaded with even one of
them to talk to her.
“I was going to go down as a monster at worst or just some footnote in history,” she
continued as she began tossing the rubble out the giant wall, watching each piece fly through
the air before vanishing into the darkness beyond. “I wasn’t going to let that happen. Not
again. I was going to be a star that everyone could see, an existence that would be
worshipped and loved by all. So I was going to be an idol. Everyone would know the

brilliance of Eli-chan, instead of the monster they thought of me before. And it would be
something I made for myself, by blood, sweat, and tears. Nothing less will do!”
The idol sighed exhaustedly. “Not like it matters right now,” she finished as she tossed the
last bit of rubble in her hands out the hole, clapping her hands to rid them of the dust. “All
my hard work up in smoke. It’s going to take forever to find or make another stage – time
that we don’t have. I suppose it was too good to be true but once – just once – I wanted things
to go my way. I suppose it’s back to practicing in my room for now until there’s another
opportunity. This won’t be the last the world sees of the Shining Star Eli-Chan, just you
wait!”
Ren observed her closely. The light of determination still burned within her eyes. He had to
admit, he admired and respected her will to keep going despite the setback. Yet despite that
spark, her despondency and frustration were clear to see - understandable, with everything
that had happened. All her hard work and resources had nigh-literally gone up in flames.
Another chance like this would be difficult to come by.
But…
‘Dost thou recognizeth that light, Trickster?’
The familiar, powerful tone of Lucifer whispered into his mind. Observing Elizabeth, he
recognized it easily: The determination to shine brighter than ever, to shine brighter than
whatever fate had set in store for them, be it in the past or in the future. That said, it was
shrouded by the despondency that bordered on despair. He had seen it once before: From a
beautiful girl sitting in a church, bent over a shogi board. She had been elegant, kind, and
troubled. He still remembered her smile before they parted.
‘If there is anything you want to accomplish,’ she said. ‘I will support you in whatever path
you choose.’
The quiet yet confident words of Hifumi echoed in his memories. He could only smile to
himself. If that was the case, there was only thing he could do now: See things through.
As an idea started forming in his mind, he looked around the concert hall. His eyes turned red
as he observed more closely with this Third Eye, with objects of interest highlighted in a blue
glow. A confident smile creased his lips.
There was still something he could do here.
“Hecatoncheires!”
Elizabeth jumped in surprise as the hundred-handed giant appeared once more. She watched
as it began picking up pieces of rubble and stacking them before flattening them. “Wha- what
are you doing, raven?!” she spluttered in sheer shock.
The Phantom Thief meanwhile had begun walking to one of the points of interest his Third
Eye found. “I believe I made a promise I’d help you with your show,” he noted. “And I
already took my time fulfilling it. Consider this interest.” As he spoke, he pulled out a

speaker out of the rubble. It was still in decent condition surprisingly, with the wiring intact.
He nodded in satisfaction. Just what he needed.
The idol’s mouth dropped open as she quickly realized what he was doing. “D-do you think
this is possibly enough?!” she screeched. “It’s… it’s all ruins! This shouldn’t…! It can’t…!”
Her mind was reeling between all sorts of emotions that she couldn’t puzzle out: Shock,
frustration, rage, suspicion, and… gratefulness. No one had ever been this kind before.
Yet why was he...?
“You have your dream, don’t you?” the Phantom Thief asked, grunting as he pulled out a
speaker on the other side of the impromptu stage while Hecatoncheires carefully crushed and
flattened the rubble. “Then as your manager, it’s my job to make sure it’s within your reach.
At the very least, I’ll make this the best damn debut you can have!”
As Elizabeth watched him check on the wiring, his words rang in her ears. As her
manager…? No, even she knew any manager would’ve thrown in the towel and looked for
another venue, if not another gig. Yet here he was, utterly determined to make something out
of it. But why? Was it for her? Was it for himself? Was it for them both?
Or was it simply because he could?
Once the Phantom Thief placed the speaker in its proper location and considered its
positioning, he looked around for a moment with this Third Eye, then turned to the dazed
idol. “Can you dig that music player out?” he asked, pointing to a small pile of rubble. “It
should still be intact enough to have all your tracks there. Once we get it set up, we’ll be in
business!”
Elizabeth jolted out of her reverie before turning to the area where Ren was pointing at. “Aand what about l-lighting and th-the set?” she demanded, trying to cover up her
embarrassment. She nevertheless flew over to dig out the player at the location the Phantom
Thief indicated. To her surprise, as raven had said, it was in good condition. With a bit of
work, they would be able to plug it in to the speakers and have them play her tracks. But
what could he possibly…?
“I got an idea for that, and I think you’ll like it.”
She turned to look back at Ren in surprise, a thousand arguments on the tip of her tongue. Yet
when she saw that ever so confident grin of his, all of them died on her lips. Despite his
cockiness, she could tell that it wasn’t an empty boast; that whatever he had in mind would
definitely work.
The idol cleared her throat, trying to regain her composure. “I-Idols live and die by th-the llighting and set direction,” she yelled back. “You better be up to snuff, raven!”
“Just leave it to your manager, Shining Star Eli-Chan!” Ren shot back with a grin.
Elizabeth could only huff as she set up the player with the speakers. Despite the raven’s
boasts, he was going out of his way to make sure everything was set up perfectly, taking care

of an entire set that would need an entire crew to create. And despite taking his time, she
could tell Ren wasn’t the type to take his promises lightly: He would make sure her debut
was a success or die trying (though she certainly hoped he wouldn’t).
She could feel a certain warmth in her face now – most likely from the blaze outside.
Elizabeth glanced up momentarily to confirm her thoughts. Instead, she saw the flames had
dimmed, their infernal light yielding once more to the darkness of night. If the warmth wasn’t
from the flames, then it could only be…
Before she finished the thought, she ducked her head back down and continued with the
setup. No, she couldn’t afford to get distracted!
And she wouldn’t be distracted by that damn raven!
“I could use a break…” Ritsuka groaned. “Or a vacation… or five…”
“You’re telling me,” Morgana groused. “All the dust and soot got stuck in my fur – which
still has strawberry jelly in it! I’m gonna be cleaning all of this for hours!”
The Chaldeans, as well as Vlad, were making their way back toward the concert hall at a
sedate pace, mainly for the sake of the utterly exhausted Masters. Carving up such a massive
dragon took a long while, slowed by the various Servants showing the Masters as well as
Mash various parts of its anatomy. While Mash listened, observed, and worked with rapt
attention, both Ritsuka and Morgana were far too exhausted at this point.
“At least we managed to reestablish communications with Chaldea and sent them parts of the
dragon,” Mash chimed in. “Da Vinci was certainly ecstatic.”
“True, but I kinda wished we could’ve just sent the entire dang thing over,” the redhead
grumbled. “If only to save ourselves the effort of cutting it up. But more pieces of the dragon
would’ve been good too.”
“While I understand both your exhaustion and the wish to hoard your gains,” Artoria
admonished as she walked ahead of them. All the Servants had already refreshed their clothes
to clean off the dragon’s viscera. “I reiterate that such a method wouldn’t have been feasible.
We have managed to salvage the most valuable parts of the dragon. For now, it should
suffice. I do hope you found the experience informative?”
“Uh… that’s a way to put it,” Morgana mumbled. They certainly took a lot of parts from the
dragon, with the Servants debating at length over which parts to prioritize. The claws and
fangs were obvious ones, as well as the scales. They also carved out the dragon’s heart. After
that were the flame sacs, some tissue and blood samples, and most surprising of all, a golf
ball sized pearl that lay in the dragon’s stomach, fitting called a ‘dragon pearl’. It had been a
rather grisly process, but given all they had seen already, they were numb to it.
“I must admit, I did not expect to be dissecting a dragon when I was summoned here,” Vlad
mused, looking surprisingly content. “But it was rather fascinating. Perhaps I should try it
again when I have the opportunity.”

“As I have said, a dragon’s body is nothing less than a treasure chest waiting to be opened,”
Nero replied happily. “My only regret is that I could not join you. It has been a while since
I’ve been on a hunt.”
“Well, if these singularities are any indication, we most likely will be fighting creatures of a
similar caliber sooner or later,” Jeanne pointed out.
The emperor beamed. “Umu, you speak true, Jeanne!” she declared. “There shall be ample of
hunts later on, and ample opportunity to prove myself as the Flower of Olympia! I thank you
once more for speaking a simple truth I have neglected! Truly, you are a saint renowned for
wisdom as well as your beauty!”
“I-I wouldn’t go that far,” Jeanne stammered in embarrassment, her eyes pleadingly flicking
over to Artoria for assistance – only to find the king resolutely facing forward. Even for the
King of Knights, there were some hazards she would not brave, and the emperor’s
enthusiasm was one of them. If a saint had to be the sacrifice to Nero’s overwhelming energy,
then it was a small price to pay for her peace of mind. She would treat her to some tea later –
Marie had recommended a few good blends she had been meaning to sample.
But for now, it was Jeanne’s turn to be lauded loudly by the Emperor of Roses. As she
listened to the Ruler stutter and meekly parry the numerous compliments, Artoria smiled to
herself. There were worse fates.
They reached the concert hall at Ren’s behest. The Phantom Thief had sent a mental note to
the Servants to meet up with him here after they were done. Just the doors alone were in a sad
state: Reduced to splinters and twisted metal, with the scaffolding around the frame
completely shattered. Past them, they could see the concert hall within. With all the lights
destroyed, it was left in shadow, illuminated only the moonlight streaming in. Standing on the
far side was the silhouette of Elizabeth, unmoving.
The group traded wary looks, then stepped into the room. Suddenly, the concert hall lit up,
the light shimmering about like a kaleidoscope. They looked up in surprise, and to their
amazement found gigantic ice crystals frozen to the ceiling, with flames or electricity
coursing within. Each crystal lit up with an element, filling the room with more light, until it
reached the far side of the concert hall. Suddenly it burst into splendor, illuminating the stage:
Compacted rubble, yet smoothed and cleaned by careful craftsmanship. Elizabeth whirled
around, thrusting a hand into the air. “Welcome, everyone!” she cheered. “To the comeback
show of the Shining Star Eli-Chan! I hope you all missed me!”
High, upbeat music began playing as the idol began dancing. The sound quality wasn’t as
good, but the acoustics worked well despite the massive hole right behind her ‘stage’. Ritsuka
looked around for the source of the music, finding a speaker and following the cables through
the dancing lights and shadows – and ending up at a music player that Ren was manning. His
magic circuits were glowing as his red eyes kept darting about the concert hall.
As the redhead put the pieces together, her eyes widened. Was he using his personas for all
the lighting and stage work here? Turning around, she thought she saw a flicker of Pixie or
Cerberus before they vanished. Just how much was Ren doing here?!

“And now, for what you’ve all been waiting for~!” Elizabeth called out, beaming. “My
number one hit in the Servant world: AKOGARE~TION!”
The redhead turned back to look at the idol as a horrific realization sunk into her mind. The
sheer agony from Elizabeth’s singing on the rooftop was fresh on her mind. If she sung now,
then there would be no escape. It would be an unending hell and torment. However, she
couldn’t in good grace leave this concert, not after what both Elizabeth and Ren had gone
through to get everything set up.
Glancing at the others, she only saw grim, resolute faces (aside from Nero who looked
absolutely giddy), yet they made no motion to move. Even Morgana stood still, though he
already had his paws over his ears in preparation. They had all reached the same conclusion.
Ritsuka took a deep breath and braced herself for the inevitable impact‘Like the sun (always),
I must shine (never changing),
Sadness, eternity, popularity, I want to make sure,
I love? You love? MORE!!’
Ritsuka slowly opened her eyes. Elizabeth was singing. And it didn’t hurt. She looked over at
the others, wondering if she had finally completely lost her sanity, but it seemed the others
were just as surprised as she was. Slowly turning back to watch the idol, she reached up and
pinched her cheek. “Ow.” She pinched her other cheek. “Ow.” She pinched both cheeks.
“Ow.”
“Y-you’re not dreaming, Ritsuka-senpai!” Mash hurriedly remarked, grabbing both of
Ritsuka’s hands and lowering them. “Elizabeth is singing and it… um… sounds genuinely
good. I hadn’t realized she sang so well.”
Nero nodded, her arms crossed as she watched with a beatific smile on her face. “That is to
be expected from my rival,” she accepted. “To be able to perform from the ashes is a feat
very few are able to achieve, yet she has done so with aplomb. My next performance must
not disappoint in comparison! Perhaps I should recruit Ren Amamiya for my own setup! He
has adapted to my methods well!” Ritsuka and Mash gulped nearby in nervousness at the
thought.
Elizabeth meanwhile kept singing and dancing. The choreography she had rehearsed and
practiced countless times in front of a mirror, polishing each and every move to her exacting
standards. The single she had written, edited, and rewritten again and again before practicing
until her vocal cords felt like they were torn to pieces. All her work, all her patience, all her
drive was for this very moment.
“More than anything this beautiful place, even if it is what I longed for,
This feeling of guilt pains me,

Those reassuring eyes are hurting my tightened chest,
Shooting through the sky,”
The stage shone even brighter as a set of tri-color lights appeared and spun around the ice
crystals. She glanced over at the raven, who was over at the music player, gasping for breath
but nevertheless kept summoning his personas for the show. She had just about given up on
this venue for lost, but that raven… that raven had pulled everything back together. A stage.
Music. Lights and a set. Even an audience. He made sure she had it all – and even now, he
was doing everything he possibly could to make sure she would dazzle like the sparkling star
she was.
This song just wasn’t for herself, not anymore. It was also for the raven- no, it was for her
manager, Ren Amamiya. The one who had repaid his promise a hundred times over, making
sure she would have her debut. Was everything as exactly perfect as she wanted it? Not in the
slightest, what with her being surrounded by rubble and flames and all her preparations being
smashed to pieces. But he made sure she would shine and take one more step toward
becoming the world-beloved idol. And she would repay his efforts a thousandfold in turn.
“Thank you for coming today!” Elizabeth called out happily as the music continued to play.
“Not a big audience, but a shining star is still a star whether there’s only a few people
witnessing it or many! Let’s make more memories and shine!”
Ritsuka cheered loudly, to the surprise of her compatriots. “Go Elizabeth!” she yelled. Maybe
it was taboo to cheer during a concert like this, and especially as the only one cheering, but
seeing the idol pulling all stops for her concert… she couldn’t help but be infected by her
enthusiasm. If she could encourage and support someone’s dream, then she would. The
Master nevertheless was rewarded with a grin and a wink from the idol – something Ren
normally would do – and she cheered even louder.
“Like an idol (because I am),
It’s okay if it doesn’t work out (not alone),
Love, eternity, popularity, I want to make sure,
You love? YOU LOVE!? MORE!!

Find you,
Feel you,
I want to hold you.”
Before long, the song ended. The lights dimmed as the magical power running through them
vanished, and it was over. Ritsuka cheered again while Mash, Vlad, and Nero clapped
enthusiastically. Elizabeth beamed and basked in the applause, as limited as it was. “Thank
you, everyone, for coming!” she called out yet again, feeling the prickling of tears forming in

her eyes. This was what she wanted. Maybe smaller than she expected, but it was a step
forward toward her own fate, her own desires.
No longer would she be the Countess of Blood. She would make sure of it - and she had the
raven to thank for it all.
Ren breathed a sigh of relief as he sagged against the nearby wall, finally releasing his
personas. His body felt incredibly hot and he faintly noticed the glowing lines still burning
underneath his skin. It had been a while since he had driven himself this hard using his
magecraft, even more than when he fought those two hundred soldiers in the Roman
singularity. If the show went on any longer, he might not have been able to fulfill his promise.
He needed more practice with his personas – or another method of invoking them. Those
lessons would come in handy.
Still, as he looked up and saw Elizabeth beaming at her limited audience, he couldn’t help but
smile. The first step of her dream had come true. All their efforts had paid off. Seeing her up
there, on that impromptu stage, radiant as the shining star she declared herself to be, had been
more than worth everything he had gone through. While he wasn’t going to do this again
anytime soon, he had absolutely no regrets pushing himself this far for her. After all, wasn’t
that what a manager was supposed to do for an idol?
Taking a deep breath, he pushed himself off the wall and started shambling toward her. As he
took one step forward, his knee finally buckled from exhaustion, and the ground rushed up to
meet him. The last thing he heard before darkness enveloped him was Elizabeth shouting.
“RAVEN!”
When he came to, the first thing he noticed were sensations. He was lying on something soft,
though still a bit too hard for his liking. His head was on a pillow. The air felt cool, dry, and
clean. The ever-present scent of soot and ash was absent. Where was he? As his body shifted
slightly, he could hear a metallic frame creaking slightly – followed by a searing pain that
jolted throughout his body, causing him to wince as he froze on the spot.
Right, he remembered now. He overworked his magic circuits and was paying the price for it
now. Not the first time it had happened, but it certainly didn’t get any more pleasant.
Ren slowly opened his eyes. He was staring up at a familiar teal ceiling. Out of the corners of
his eye he could see the frames of a gurney flanking him. There was a thin, white blanket on
top of him, though it was stained now by his filthy Master uniform. He could hear the faint
hiss of an air conditioner somewhere in the room.
The pieces quickly assembled themselves in his mind. He was back in Chaldea in the
medbay. Most likely the others had reestablished contact with Roman and Da Vinci, then they
were all rayshifted back. He wondered if everyone else was alright…
“About time you woke up, raven!

That answered his question. Turning his head as much as he did, he gave a rueful smile up at
Elizabeth, who was glaring down at him from his bedside. “Heh, sorry,” he rasped out.
“Guess I was a bit more tired than I expected. How long have I been asleep?”
The idol scowled. “You’ve been out a few hours,” she snapped. “I’m already done with my
concert so I handed the Grail over to the chipmunk and left the singularity with everyone
else. What was the big idea passing out like that?! Do you have any idea how you just stole
the spotlight yet again just by collapsing?! It was all supposed to be my moment, you stupid
manager!”
Ren could only chuckle weakly in apology. “S-sorry about that,” he murmured. “I must’ve
been more tired than I thought.”
“You better be sorry,” Elizabeth growled. “After everything you went through to set
everything up so I could shine, you just… you…” She took a deep breath. “You gave me
everything I had asked for and then some,” she whispered. “When I was this close to starting
from nothing all over again. Everything you did, just… you pushed yourself harder than I
could ever ask of you. Thank you, raven. Thank you for all you did.”
The Phantom Thief looked up in surprise. The idol looked close to crying as she spoke. Her
dream truly meant everything to her, didn’t it? A small surge of relief went through Ren as he
smiled slightly. If that was the case, then pushing himself to the limit like this wasn’t all too
bad after all. “Had to keep my promise,” he murmured. “As your manager and Master. That’s
only one small step for you, Shining Star Eli-Chan.”
Elizabeth’s glare renewed. “Yes, yes, it is,” she agreed hotly. “And that’s why you are
forbidden from ever doing something like that EVER again! While I’m thankful you did so
much, what if the concert was going to go on longer, or there’s a tour to do?! I can’t afford to
have you constantly collapsing half-dead from overusing your circuits! No, I’m not letting
you do that again, got it?! What kind of idol is supposed to take care of their manager's wellbeing when it’s the other way around?! Know your place and your own limits, raven!”
Ren could only smile to himself as the idol kept ranting and raving at him out of both
indignant rage and concern for him. She was right, he did push himself. But he didn’t have
any regrets about it, especially seeing that reignited spark in her eyes once more. There was
more work to be done on both ends, but he would make sure her efforts would bear fruit, and
though she didn’t say it, she would support him too.
As he heard the medbay door hiss open to allow Roman and Mash in, he felt that familiar
warmth in his chest once more. A new - or rather a familiar – arcana formed once again: The
Star. His smile only widened in amusement and contentment.
How appropriate.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 105: To Perceive
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“So, I’m guessing I’m well on my way to a nice, comfy white jacket?”
“We’d worry less about you if that was the case, but no, you are not, Ren.”
Ren and Roman were in the director’s office once more, with the former on the couch and the
latter on a separate chair across the coffee table. It was in a cleaner state than it had been for a
while, thanks to a Chaldean robot that came by about ten minutes ago. The only place that
could be considered a mess would be the desk, which was buried under piles of paperwork
while a hastily folded up blanket lay in the chair. However, Ren didn’t mind the mess – it was
an oddly humanizing touch in the otherwise very formal setting of the office.
For a moment he thought the doctor kept it that way deliberately like how he set up the
debriefing after the France singularity – then he noticed the dark bags under Roman’s eyes.
No, it was more he simply didn’t have the time or energy to organize himself at this rate. He
could sympathize.
The doctor hadn’t expected Ren to easily take to the session for his part. He expected the
Phantom Thief to be a lot more resistant or paranoid, maybe find some sort of excuse to slip
out. Instead, he simply asked when they should do it, which caught him off guard. Though he
fully expected that getting genuine answers out of Ren would be like pulling teeth. Still, he
had a job to do.
“It has been a while since you came to Chaldea,” Roman commented, looking up from his
clipboard. “What do you think so far?”
Ren thought about it carefully. Roman had made it clear that this was less a debriefing and
more a psychological evaluation as well as a therapy session. It threw him back to those
sessions he spent with Maruki back in Shujin in the nurse’s office. All things aside, the
counselor had done the best he could under the circumstances, and his various mental tricks
were always intriguing.
“It’s definitely been an experience, that’s for sure,” the Phantom Thief answered, glancing up
at the ceiling as he reminisced. “Going back to different eras of time, meeting heroes and
figures from history and legend, fighting alongside and against them, using my personas in
reality… compared to my past adventures, this feels like a whole step up.”
The doctor jotted a few notes down on his clipboard as Ren talked. “In what sense?” he
asked.
Ren thought about how to phrase it. “Well,” he said slowly. “Palaces and Personas are just
cognitive locations – real but not real at the same time. But here, we’re going to the actual
locations and times of these events while encountering the actual heroes and legends as we do

so. Though to be honest, the ‘step up’ comes from… well, how ‘limited’ everything feels
now.”
“What do you mean by ‘limited?” Roman inquired.
The Phantom Thief organized his thoughts, considering how to answer it. How much did he
want to reveal? What did he want to tell him or keep secret? He knew the doctor went out of
his way to make sure he was comfortable - not just out of practicality or pragmatism, but
because he just would. Chaldea on a whole was still incredibly suspicious, but did that apply
to all of the staff? How much was Roman responsible, before and currently?
Then he sighed to himself. At this point all he was doing was overthinking it. He observed
Roman in action. Trust never came without risk, after all – and he made his decision.
“Back in Tokyo, I suppose… everything was a lot bigger?” he tentatively explained, figuring
out how to phrase his thoughts. “We all had to travel to different places, whether it was to
pick up supplies or get to our target’s destination, or even just to meet up and discuss our
plans. And I’m not sure if you’ve been to Tokyo during rush hour, Roman, but you’re packed
into the trains like sardines. The stations even have staff designated strictly for cramming
people in as much as possible. That… took some getting used to when I first arrived.”
“I’ve certainly heard about that,” Roman replied with a chuckle. “At first, I thought it was an
exaggeration, but then I saw actual video clips. It must’ve been rather crazy.”
“Oh, it was,” Ren replied with a laugh. “There’s just so many people in the trains, on the
sidewalks, or just crossing the street. Look away even once and suddenly you’re swept away
by an entire tide of students, businesspeople, tourists, what have you. You just eventually
learned to ride the wave and navigate it how you can.”
His smile faded. “Here, though, it’s… different,” he continued, his mood diminished. “Most
of the time when I walk through the halls, they’re quiet and deserted. I know there are people
around, of course, and the Servants are probably hanging out nearby in their spirit forms, but
that’s not the same. Even back in my hometown in the countryside, it was never this quiet. It
just makes everything feel… small, if that makes any sense.”
“Like the entire world has shrunk?” Roman suggested.
Ren paused for a moment to consider it, then nodded. “Like that, yeah,” he agreed. “I guess
in a sense, that’s pretty literal too: The world’s pretty much now just Chaldea and whatever
singularities we hit. I’m in the spotlight again now but in a different way than back then.
Back in Tokyo, I was just one face among millions, standing out only when I needed to as a
Phantom Thief. But here… well, I’m one of the last Masters of humanity, and possibly one of
its only shots at getting it all back. The spotlight is on me all the time now no matter what.”
He rubbed at the Command Seals etched on the back of his hand. “If I had to sum it up,” he
murmured. “It felt like… back then, even if we failed, the world would keep spinning. We
were doing everything we could to make sure people’s lives were better, sure, but even if we
failed, we just knew the world would continue without us. That was a thing that frustrated all
of us then, to be honest. But even then, we had to at least do something.”

“But here?” Ren continued, gesturing to the entire room and Chaldea as a whole while
Roman listened intently, jotting down notes. “I don’t have that same feeling. If I fail or screw
up, there is no ‘everything will go on without us’. It’s either I succeed and keep succeeding,
or we lose everything. Our homes, families, friends, all of humanity – it’s all gone. So…
yeah, that’s certainly a huge change from before.”
He looked up, forcing on a grin he really didn’t feel. “I guess I should be careful what I wish
for, huh,” he finished, chuckling half-heartedly.
Roman frowned slightly as he jotted down more notes, glancing back to what he wrote
before. From what Tamamo and Da Vinci have recently told him, Ren had apparently been
working himself ragged: Whether it was talking to his Servants, cooking in the cafeteria,
researching magecraft with Lord El-Melloi II, or exercising, there never seemed to be a time
he wasn’t doing something.
And then there was his worrying trend of risk-taking. Granted, they were all calculated risks
that turned out well, but they had still been unnerving to witness. Each and every time, he put
the burden on his own shoulders, believing – no, knowing he would be able to resolve them.
And he did… often at great jeopardy to himself. That was something Chaldea couldn’t afford.
Even if Ritsuka and Morgana could theoretically pick up the slack, the psychological effects
would be utterly devastating for everyone in Chaldea. They wouldn’t be able to recover.
Still, he couldn’t help but sigh to himself. “Know that feeling all too well,” he muttered under
his breath.
“Huh, I suppose you would, come to think of it.”
The doctor flinched at the response and looked up from his clipboard. The Phantom Thief’s
trademark smirk was back on his face, his grey arms sharp as a hawk as he reclined on the
sofa. “Been meaning to ask you, actually,” he continued. “How’ve you been holding up
yourself? Everything was just kinda dropped on your head after all. You look worse than me
on exam week.”
Roman could only inwardly curse himself. He didn’t mean for Ren to hear that, and now the
table’s been flipped on him. Somehow he knew this would happen if he showed even the
slightest opening. He cleared his throat to regain his composure. “This is supposed to be your
session, Ren, not mine,” he pointed out. “My personal matters aren’t supposed to matter
here.”
“True, but so far everything has been out of the ordinary,” the Phantom Thief countered in
turn with a grin. “I don’t see why this should be any different. Besides, I’ve only had one
other therapist but I’m pretty sure most don’t watch idols while cheering for them right
before a session-“
“Gah-!” Roman held out his hands in front of Ren to silence him in a panic. “Okay, okay,
you’ve made your point! I didn’t think you’d notice that!”
Ren grinned. “I didn’t,” he replied cheekily. “I just made an educated guess. It seems I nailed
it though.”

The doctor could only stare at Ren, then gave a long, deep, exasperated sigh. “Has anyone
ever told you that, in my professional medical opinion, you’re bad for the heart?” he asked,
running a hand through his limp hair. He should probably take a shower soon.
“A lot of times by my friends,” the Phantom Thief responded with a bright grin. “And at least
once by another doctor. So, again – how are you holding up?” Besides, if he had any actual
administrative problems, he might talk them over with Olga. She might have better insight
and advice on how to deal with it all.
Roman gave a flat stare at Ren, then sighed once more in resignation. “It’s been tough, I
won’t lie,” he admitted. “There’s a mountain of paperwork to fill out, tasks to delegate,
readings and personnel cases to consider. And of course, looking for singularities and
working as mission control while I’m at it. It used to be worse too.”
“Oh yeah?” Ren asked.
“Everything I used to do needed to be manually overridden again and again and again,” the
doctor elaborated, exasperated. “It’s just a simple login thing, but after doing it for the
thousandth time for every time you’re opening a window, document, or application, it starts
to get really annoying. It doesn’t help when you accidentally mistype three times because you
weren’t paying attention and you get locked out of the systems while alarms start going off.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow. “Lemme guess-“ he began.
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Roman replied curtly, looking aside. “And don’t ask Da Vinci
about this either.”
“I’m asking.”
“Ren, please-“
They chatted and traded various stories about Chaldea, talking and complaining about
various aspects around the facility. From the staff (“If Dustin laughs at Magi Mari so much as
one more time-!”) to the equipment (“The reason no one uses that particular console in the
control room is because it’s haunted,” Roman declared seriously. “Da Vinci says it’s not but
ask literally anyone else and they’ll tell you it is.”) and even to the robots (“Have I told you
about that one time a robot tried to vacuum up Morgana’s tail? Pretty sure it still has the
scratch marks.”).
During a lull in the conversation after laughing about the last story, Roman looked over his
notes. Ren’s magecraft… it was something he certainly hadn’t seen or heard of before. Well,
the various techniques and mysteries behind it were familiar enough, sure, but the particulars
and the concepts still escaped him. He couldn’t help but be slightly curious about it – and
maybe he would be able to lift that burden from Ren’s shoulders by just a tiny bit. It was the
least he could do at this point.
For a brief moment, the doctor saw a flash of flames and a kind smile, outlined by eyes full
of ambition. He wondered if that man felt something similar before proceeding with his
goals.

“If you don’t mind me asking, Ren,” he began, catching the Phantom Thief’s attention. “You
were looking into your magecraft with Lord El-Melloi II, right? I understand if you don’t
want to share anything with me, but have you found out anything about it?”
The question caught Ren by surprise. “Oh? Didn’t take you for a magus,” he replied wryly.
“Is there a particular reason you’re asking?”
Roman shook his head with a smile. “Nope, I can’t use magecraft at all,” he answered. “I did
have to learn the theory and concepts behind it though for my work – I can’t exactly do my
work well if it’s a disease or injury caused by some mystery or curse, after all.”
The Phantom Thief stared at the doctor, then shrugged. He trusted Roman this far, and he saw
no reason to doubt the man. Besides, maybe an outside perspective might give him something
to work with. He launched into the details of his magecraft, beginning with how personas
worked and how he summoned them, followed by how he and Waver discovered how
magnetite and spiritron manipulation were the same thing.
As he talked about magnetites and spiritrons, Roman had to master his expression. While the
names were different, he had experimented with the concepts before with a few rituals. A
certain prayer or method invoked abilities that defied reality without utilizing magecraft. In
the end, he set that knowledge aside, unwilling to harness a power he couldn’t understand
fully. To think he would see it being understood and utilized in his current lifetime…
“The current goal right now is to figure out how to reduce the cost of using my personas,”
Ren explained. “El-Melloi said that this can be done either by making their abilities more
effective at the same cost or using less mana for a similar result. The problem, of course, is
that we’re not making a lot of progress either way. He’s going to be teaching me the
fundamentals of magecraft so with any luck, there might be a breakthrough then.”
“I see. The fundamentals are always a good start,” Roman mused, rubbing his chin. It did
sound like a puzzle, especially given they were working with both tried-and-true mysteries
and new concepts at the exact same time. The exact limits and functionality of it were still
mostly unknown even to Ren himself – El-Melloi and him were simply outsiders looking in
and trying to dissect it. His personas were basically projections, so perhaps…
“I read at one point,” he murmured slowly, looking up at the ceiling in contemplation. “That
projections tend to be more stable when there’s some sort of anchor or support to work off of.
Even better if you have the blueprints so you can work off of said anchor like a foundation.”
Ren frowned slightly in thought. “Can you elaborate on that?” he asked.
Roman considered explaining a bit more thoroughly, then thought better of it and shook his
head. He already risked enough. “That’s all I can remember,” he admitted ruefully. “I was
busy cramming for an exam when I saw that and completely forgot to ask about it afterward.
I’m really sorry about that, Ren. I’m not sure if it’s any help.”
“No, that’s fine,” the Phantom Thief accepted absentmindedly as his mind began working
overtime. “It’s… plenty, I think.” A support or an anchor to work off of… there was
something there that resonated with him, but he wasn’t precisely sure what. It was just on the

tip of his tongue. He would need to consult with El-Melloi about this – it might be the thing
they needed to figure out some sort of answer.
“I take it you figured out something,” the doctor guessed with a smile. He glanced over at the
clock. “It’s as good a time as any to end this session here, I think. How do you feel, Ren? Are
you comfortable with this?”
Ren looked up from his ruminations and grinned. “Honestly, best therapy session I’ve had in
a while,” he answered earnestly. “I kind of expected something like either an interrogation or
a school career consultation, so this was a lot more pleasant than I expected. I’m happy to do
this again if we can.”
Roman smiled gladly. “I’m happy to hear that, Ren,” he genuinely replied. “There’s a few
points I want to follow up with you on, but that can wait until next session. Perhaps…” He
mentally checked the calendar. “In about three days?” he suggested.
The Phantom Thief nodded. “Three days it is,” he accepted. “I’ll see if I can grab some
snacks and coffee for us when we’re chatting here – and three days is plenty of time to rack
up a lot of new complaints about Chaldea and work, probably.”
“Try by tomorrow,” Roman grumbled, then they both chuckled in commiseration. “Though
do try to remember that it’s still your time, Ren. I know you want to help everyone you can,
but we do want to help you too. I hope you’re aware of that.”
Ren forced a smile. “It’s a little late to be paranoid at this point anyway,” he joked halfheartedly. “But yeah, I’ll keep that in mind. So long as you count on me when you want to
complain or need help in turn, got it?”
“Is that something you’re supposed to be saying to a full-grown adult, Ren?” the doctor asked
flatly. “One who also is technically your boss?”
“Wouldn’t be the first time, nor my last,” the Phantom Thief easily shot back. “So, do we
have a deal?”
Roman shot him a flat look, then sighed exhaustedly once more. “Fine, we have a deal,” he
accepted. He knew better than to argue with Ren on this front, not when the young man could
argue circles around him. Besides, something mutually beneficial like this would probably be
more helpful overall anyway. He might as well just roll with it in the end.
The Phantom Thief nodded as he felt the familiar warmth bloom in his heart once more. The
Moon arcana. He hadn’t expected that from Roman, but he was eager to see how it would
turn out. It would definitely be different from Mishima’s, at the very least. “In that case, I’ll
see you when I see you, Roman,” he said.
“Of course,” the doctor replied. He watched as Ren left and sighed when the door hissed
closed behind the Phantom Thief. He hadn’t expected to use his past knowledge in any
manner. Heck, he had been avoiding it as much as he could. After all, he wasn’t who he was
before and was doing his best to keep it that way.

Right now, he was just Romani Archaman, the head doctor of Chaldea and now its interim
director. A medical expert with absolutely no capability in magecraft. In theory, this was a
new life, one that was dedicated to the preservation of humanity in all its forms. But in
practice…
Well, that mattered little. The point was that he managed to get one of the most important
sessions out of the way. He had expected a lot more resistance from Ren but it had been
surprisingly productive overall – for both sides, as much as he was reluctant to admit. He
certainly hoped he hadn’t been that unreliable.
Looking back at his clipboard, he flipped over to the other two Masters: Ritsuka and
Morgana. If he had been unreliable before, then… perhaps it was time to change that. Not too
much, of course. He couldn’t risk everything if it wasn’t necessary. But perhaps, just a bit, he
could use his wisdom to ensure their success. For a future he wouldn’t be able to see.
He could only smile to himself before putting down the clipboard and making for the door so
he could go wash up. Wouldn’t that be nice?
The halls of Chaldea were quiet as they always were. The silence was occasionally broken by
the hum of a robot passing by or the murmured conversations of staff members as they
walked to their destinations. Outside the windows of the observation room, the eternal
blizzard of Antarctica howled outside, yet silent within. It made the serenity within stand out
even further in contrast.
On one of the benches, Morgana was curled up on a small cushion. Normally he would be
with Ren or checking on things around Chaldea, but his best friend was currently in a
meeting – or rather, a therapy session – with Roman. He figured he should probably excuse
himself from that one since Ren seemed alright with it. And not to mention, after the whole
affair with Elizabeth and her incredibly loud singularity, he could use a bit of quiet time to
recover.
The observation room proved to be a perfect place for that. Even fishing turned out to be a bit
too loud for his liking. He changed back to his cat form so he could fully relax. That
singularity had perhaps been the most miserable he had been in a while: Getting covered in
slime, which then had dirty, rubble, and soot stuck in his normally immaculate fur, then
bombarded with Elizabeth’s ridiculously loud music and the ultrasonic frequency in the
labyrinth, followed by the dragon’s roars…
He would never take quiet for granted ever again. And the silent blizzard outside was oddly
mesmerizing to watch. Was this how Ren felt when he meditated? Maybe he should give it a
try sometime after asking for a few tips from him. It would be a nice change of pace and a
good way to gather his thoughts when things became hectic.
Then he shivered and tucked his paws in, loafing a bit more on the cushion he laid on. The
only regret he had right now was not bringing something like a blanket with him. He’d have
to remember that for next time.
“I didn’t think I’d see you here by yourself, Master.”

The soft words caught broke Morgana’s reverie. Turning to see who was addressing him, he
looked up to see Boudica smiling gently down at him. Folded her arm was a warm-looking
bit of cloth. “Well, after everything I had recently been through, I thought I could use some
quiet time,” the catlike being replied casually. “Thanks for washing me up, by the way –
really, really appreciate that.”
Boudica’s smile widened. When everyone had first arrived back in Chaldea, she had been one
of the first to greet them – only to find they had raced to the medbay because Ren had
collapsed from magic circuit overuse. Once everyone had been reassured Ren would be fine,
she noticed the utterly ragged state Morgana had been in and offered to clean him. The
catlike being agreed.
It was certainly a new experience: She never really washed animals except to prepare them
for cooking later. Her hunting dogs usually did a good job cleaning themselves by jumping
into a nearby pond. Cats were… an existence that helped get rid of vermin at least. But as
tough as it was, she enjoyed the experience. It was especially worth it seeing Morgana come
out soft and fluffy afterward.
“I’m happy I could help,” the Rider accepted. “I thought you might be cold, so I brought a
blanket as well. If you wish for some quiet though, I could simply drop this off…?”
Morgana immediately shook his head. “Nah, you don’t need to head off,” he declined. “Good
company is better than just quiet. Thanks for the blanket too – it’s a bit chilly.”
“You’re quite welcome, Master,” Boudica replied happily. Unfolding the blanket, she
carefully draped it over Morgana and tucked him in securely. The catlike being reached out in
turn and with a claw, pulled the blanket closer around him. Soon his purrs vibrated around the
blanket as he felt the soft warmth of the blanket fully envelop him. With a scenic view of the
outdoors, this was bliss. He barely even stirred as Boudica sat down beside him, watching the
blizzard as well.
For a moment, he felt like he was in LeBlanc again. The heater was humming as it warmed
up the attic. Snowflakes gently floated down outside as Ren studied at the desk nearby while
he was curled up on the bed, napping. The café had been his first ever home, and that hadn’t
changed. It was yet another thing he was grateful to Ren about.
Which made recent matters all the more frustrating for him.
“… There is a beauty in the harshness,” Boudica commented after a while, watching the
howling winds and snow cut through the mountain tops beyond.
“Yeah, there is,” the catlike being murmured, barely paying attention.
The redheaded Rider glanced over. “Is there something on your mind?” she asked in a tone of
mild concern.
Morgana debated for a moment whether to answer her or not, then let out a tired sigh. “Just
thinking about Ren,” he answered. “He’s been working himself like crazy and I don’t know if
there’s anything I can do.”

That caught Boudica by surprise. “Has he?” she inquired. “I’ll admit, he hasn’t seemed
particularly exhausted or burdened whenever I see him.” Granted, the only times she had
really seen him were in the kitchen as he worked, whether it’s making his curry and coffee to
the delight of everyone or learning a new recipe from Archer.
From what she had observed, he always met the staff and Servants’ voracious demands with
a bright grin and cheeky remark, even tailoring his coffee for anyone who needed an extra
pick-me-up. He even worked to clean up after himself rather than just leaving it to the robots,
making sure all the plating, utensils, and the various pots and pans were scrubbed clean while
wiping down the counters. All signs pointed to someone who was diligent, meticulous, and
studious.
She certainly could see glimpses of what the girls had fallen for, whether they had fully
realized it or not. But even now, she knew there was more.
Morgana let out a bitter chuckle. “Yeah, Ren’s good at that,” he acknowledged. “Even when
he’s at the point of collapse, he won’t let it show until it’s way too late. He’s been running
around talking to Servants and staff, researching magecraft, polishing his skills, and god
knows what from almost sunrise to dusk. I knew he was like this before, but it’s even worse
now!”
That piqued Boudica’s curiosity. “You mean he was always like this?” she asked.
“Yeah,” the catlike being tiredly confirmed, his eyes staring unseeing out into the blizzard.
“Back in Tokyo, Ren always kept a packed schedule: Hanging out with his friends and
connections, doing prep work for heists, organizing and selecting targets, studying, work, and
more. If I didn’t tell him to go to sleep, he’d work until the late hours of the evening on
something or other. Heck, during weekends he’d often end up sleeping in because of how
busy he got.”
“And now, it’s the same here,” he continued. “Ren’s been pushing himself more and more –
maybe even worse now. He’ll always tell me with a grin that he’s fine, he’s just keeping
himself busy and prepared just in case. And I always have faith in him, but… I’ve been
around him a long time and I can tell – if he keeps this up, he’s gonna collapse. And as soon
as he heals back up, he’ll just keep going anyway if there’s something he can do.”
Morgana hung his head. “And… I don’t know how to tell him to stop anymore,” he
whispered. “Whenever I do, he’ll just say he’s fine or he can keep going. He’d just tell me
not to worry. But how can I whenever I see him? He doesn’t even sleep properly anymore.”
He plaintively stared outside again, this time seeing his own reflection in the glass as opposed
to the blizzard. He was more than aware he was smaller than almost everyone, but it wasn’t
often he actually felt small.
And right now, seeing himself loafing under the blanket… he felt tiny.
“So now I’m just here, gathering my thoughts and thinking of what to do,” he finished.
“Short of maybe getting others to strap him to a bed and making him rest, there’s gotta be
another way. I’m just coming up empty at the moment but… well, if he’s gonna be stubborn

about working then I’ve gotta be just as stubborn about making sure he rests. It’s only fair,
right?”
Boudica chuckled quietly. “Yes, I suppose so,” she agreed before turning back to look
outside. Both Mash and Ritsuka gave nothing but praise for Ren’s skills, intelligence, and
strength – and his charm if she looked between the lines. However, Morgana had painted a
different picture than she had expected. What was that saying about burning bright yet lasting
only half as long? Still, the contrasts in what she heard both intrigued and worried her.
Perhaps it was about time she had a talk with him herself and saw what her Master truly was
like.
But that could wait for a bit longer. For now, someone else needed her company. Morgana
looked a bit better having gotten everything off his chest and was quiet now, and the Rider
was glad for it. The Masters had a heavy burden and if she could help out, then she would.
Reaching over, she gently began petting Morgana’s head, who after a moment of surprise,
leaned into her hand while purring gently.
The Iceni queen smiled, admiring the softness of her Master’s fur underneath her fingers. At
least now she understood why people enjoyed cats. This was delightful.
“Hey, Archer? Boudica? Are either of you busy by any chance?”
Boudica looked up in surprise as Ren’s voice resounded in her head. As she continued petting
Morgana, she answered, “Not especially on my end, Master. Is something the matter?”
“What’s going on?” came the deeper timbre of Archer’s tone. “Is there an emergency?”
“You could say that,” Ren replied with an air of lightness that masqueraded a layer of sheer
desperation. “I’m in the kitchen right now and, uh, I basically had a horde come in. I’m
working with Jeeves right now but it’s getting a bit busy here. If you guys could spare a
moment…?”
“It seems the lunch rushes of humanity never change,” Archer noted with some amusement.
“I’m en route. Hold the line.”
“No promises at this rate, Archer, but I’ll do what I can,” Ren replied gratefully. “Boudica?”
She looked back down at Morgana, who was now staring up at her in concern. “I’ll be there
momentarily,” she reported, standing up.
“You two are lifesavers,” Ren replied gratefully. “I’ll try to hold on until reinforcements
arrive.” With that, the Phantom Thief cut the mental link – most likely to focus on cooking.
“Something up?” Morgana asked as Boudica stood up.
“It seems the cafeteria’s much busier than Ren anticipated,” the Rider explained. “He’s called
for me and Archer for backup. I apologize I can’t keep you company any further.”
Morgana frowned and hopped off the bench himself, transforming back into his Metaverse
form. “No need, I’m coming too,” he stated immediately. “At the very least I can help Joker

manage things. Come on, no time to lose!”
Boudica nodded. As they raced off, she spared a glance over at the discarded blanket before
turning away. A robot would most likely pick it up later. And if not, she could take care of it
herself. In the meantime, she had more important business to attend to.
Once they reached the cafeteria, they quickly saw the problem: The cafeteria was packed
with a large number of staff as well as Servants, all clamoring for various foods and coffee.
Ren was currently in the kitchen, racing from pot to pot, while Jeeves moved rapidly with its
usual machine precision. Mash was also currently behind the counter, serving out orders and
calling new ones behind her shoulder while Ritsuka was making sure everyone was forming a
decent line without pushing to the front.
“Yep, this is bad,” Morgana stated.
“Indeed,” Boudica agreed shortly. Without further preamble, she walked toward the kitchen,
only sparing a glance for Archer as he appeared beside her. Pushing open the doors, they
stepped in. “Good to see you here too, Mash,” she greeted with a smile.
The Shielder looked up in surprise. “Boudica!” she cried. “Are you here to help as well?”
The Rider giggled. “I am,” she confirmed. “Pass me the next order, if you would?”
Mash looked back over and took a scribbled down order from a hanging pin, then passed it
over to the Iceni queen before taking another plate of curry that Ren passed up from behind
her. Boudica took a quick look at the order – a rather simple one of bacon and eggs,
thankfully – and started striding toward the storeroom to get the ingredients.
Meanwhile, Archer walked up to Ren. “I’ll take care of the curry,” he reassured the Phantom
Thief with a smirk. “You handle the coffee. No matter how hard I try, I can never get it quite
right.”
Ren smirked in turn. “Don’t let my mentor hear you say that or he'd roast you harder than the
beans,” he shot back. “Add those grated apples over there to that pot of curry simmering
there. The sweetness should-“
“Got it,” Archer replied, taking the chopping board with the ingredient and pouring it into the
curry before taking a ladle and stirring it. The Phantom Thief grinned. He took a quick glance
at the rice cooker to check its status (still cooking) before focusing entirely on the coffee
machines. Nearby were a stack of orders he hadn’t been able to get to since they required
more dedication than he had time or hands for. But now with Archer and Boudica in the fray,
he was able to give the brews his undivided attention.
“Alright, whoever’s grabbing seconds, hop over to this second line!” Morgana hollered out.
“Anyone who hasn’t ordered or eaten yet gets priority! No complaining or you get nothing!”
As everyone moved, the main line became vastly shorter, allowing the kitchen crew to
prioritize their dishes accordingly.

“Hey, Cu, I see you over there!” Ritsuka snapped, noticing the blue Lancer in the main line.
“This is your third serving! Second line! Move it!”
Cu Chulainn scowled while everyone around him just chuckled at him. “Man, you act like
my teacher sometimes,” he grumbled as he nevertheless shuffled to the back of the secondary
line. As he waited, he rolled his shoulders, feeling the bones within pop as he looked about
him casually to see who was here – and noticed a large, olive-skinned man dressed in a
bronze cuirass in the main line next to him. “Oi, you one of the new Servants?” he asked.
The man turned in surprise, then nodded. “Indeed, I am,” he confirmed. “I am Leonidas of
Sparta. Whom do I have the honor of addressing?”
The name immediately clicked in Cu Chulainn’s head. “The legendary Spartan king, huh?”
he mused. “Neat. Name’s Cu Chulainn. Guess we’re gonna be buddies here.”
Leonidas’s eyes widened in recognition, then broke into a delighted grin. “The Hound of
Ulster,” he agreed. “It shall indeed be an honor to fight alongside you. Permit me to ask, but
would you care for a spar after we eat? I wish to witness your skills firsthand.”
The Irish hero broke out into raucous laughter. “Now you’re speaking my language!” he
cried, throwing an arm over the Spartan’s shoulder. “I think you and I are gonna get along
just fine!”
“I could not agree more, Cu Chulainn!” Leonidas roared in reply. “Nothing makes battle
sweeter than a good comrade! And it shall make the food and drink taste all the better too!”
“Man after my own heart!”
Both men roared loudly in laughter, catching everyone’s attention. Ren leaned back to see the
two Lancers talking excitedly while Morgana was yelling at them to get back in their
respective lines. He could only chuckle as he turned back to the coffee brewing. It was
always good to see the others getting along.
“Umu, such comradeship is good to see!” Nero’s bright voice floated in. “This is truly a
glorious spectacle to witness!”
“… Hey. Who’s the shortstack here?”
“Short?!” echoed Nero in irritation. “I shall have you know I am Nero Claudius Caesar
Augustus Germanicus, the Flower of Olympia and the pinnacle of beauty! What I lack in
height I more than make up for-!”
“Yep, can totally see that, so cool it a little?”
“Unfortunately, Cu Chulainn, Romans have one thing in common with Spartans: Our blood
runs far too hot. Isn’t that right, Nero?”
“Well spoken, Leonidas! In fact, perhaps I should give an impromptu performance-!”
“Do not,” came Artoria’s stern denial.

Ren’s smile became exasperated. Well, mostly getting along.
It took the better part of an hour to make it through the lunch rush. Once they were done with
the main line, all that remained were people who wanted extra helpings – of which there were
quite a few. It was mostly the Servants, though a few of the staff had surprisingly large
appetites as well. Still, before long, activity had dwindled down. Everyone had their food and
were eating and chatting with each other, while the kitchen staff worked at a more sedate
pace and began cleaning.
Cu, Leonidas, and Nero were at the counter, each with their own plate of curry and coffee. “I
must admit, the irony does astound me, Leonidas,” Nero remarked. “That you would try to
circumvent our defenses by taking a mountain path around us. Was that not how you and
yours were undone in your legend?”
The Spartan king chuckled. “The comparison wasn’t lost on me even then, no,” he agreed
with a broad grin. “It was rather humorous when I thought about it: I as the aggressor this
time, while you and the Romans were in my position. With all of you pinned in the front, it
would’ve been rather easy to catch all of you off guard had I managed to get into position in
time. But as you are both aware, that was not to be.”
“Thanks to our ridiculous Master,” Cu supplied with a grin. He turned to Ren. “Oi, kid!” he
called over. “Lay it out for us – why the hell did you rush off by yourself to stop a goddamn
Servant and a detachment of two hundred soldiers? Even I’m not crazy enough to do
something like that unless I gotta!”
“Indeed, I’m curious about the answer myself,” Leonidas mused. “As crafty and powerful as
you are, you still moved to engage a Servant by yourself. Reckless you may be, but not a
fool. Had things gone wrong, it would’ve been easy for me to dispatch you.”
Ren looked up from stirring the last pot of curry and shrugged with an easy smile. “It was a
risk,” he admitted. “But everyone else was tied up dealing with the main force. We couldn’t
spare anyone more fitting to intercept you and by the time we could, you’d already be
hammering us from the other side. So out of everyone, I was probably the most qualified to at
least delay you.”
“Umu, I understand the reasoning,” Nero noted, her face uncharacteristically serious.
“However, Leonidas could have easily dealt with you and pushed forward. I need not
elaborate the consequences if that had come to pass.”
“Like I said, it was a risk,” the Phantom Thief reiterated. “I was banking on three things from
you, Leonidas: your honor, penchant for pageantry, and reluctance to actually win. Had any
of those been missing, then yeah, I probably would’ve gotten a spear in my gut for my
troubles.”
He turned and grinned at the Spartan king’s sheer amazement. “Thankfully, it looks like I got
a pretty good read on you, Leonidas,” he finished.

Leonidas’s mouth dropped a bit, then he began bellowing loudly in laughter. “You have!” he
guffawed. “I am glad to know that your various tricks don’t only include your personas, Ren
Amamiya! Once more, I am glad that I fight alongside you! But how did you realize I was
reluctant to seize victory?”
Ren held up two fingers. “First clue? I went over the campaign with Nero no small number of
times, including various reports and paperwork,” he explained. “Very long story short: with
you, Romulus, and Caesar in charge, if the URE actually wanted to win, then the Roman
Empire would’ve been lost a long time ago.”
Nero nodded in confirmation as she quietly reflected on her other self’s memories. She did
have that conversation with Ren during the campaign and recalled the accompanying
frustration and despair that came with it. The emperor was no stranger to losses, as perfect as
she may be, but even she would be hard pressed to bounce back from that. Chaldea’s
intervention and Ren’s actions had been nothing short of a miracle for that entire campaign.
“Second clue?” the Phantom Thief continued. “You asking us to surrender and that comment
about not wanting to stain your bronze. We didn’t just jump right to fighting, after all, and
you were a warrior of honor – both for yourself and your opponents. So with all of that in
mind, I thought I could stall you for a bit.”
“Yeah, but did you have to fight all two hundred soldiers?” Cu shot back skeptically.
Ren paused for a second to consider, then laughed ruefully. “I probably could’ve delayed
things with a bit more talking,” he admitted. “But Leonidas is more a man of action than
words, right? I don’t think talking wouldn’t have been as effective.”
“It would not,” the Spartan king confirmed. “But it nevertheless was an extreme risk you
took, Master. In the future, perhaps you might be able to find other solutions to such a
conundrum.”
“I still haven’t made up my mind whether to clock you on the head or congratulate you on
your guts,” the Irish Lancer groused. “But well, you’re here safe and sound after achieving a
feat that most would expect of a Servant. I suppose we’ll just call it a day. For now, more
grub- oi. Nero, you okay there?”
Ren looked up at Cu Chulainn’s question and noticed Nero grasping at her head, her face
twisted in pain. She looked up and forced a smile though it looked more like a grimace. “Ah,
it is one of my migraines,” she responded weakly. “It shall pass. Just… grant me a moment to
compose myself.”
Ah, right. Nero suffered from those chronic migraines from being poisoned. He didn’t think
that would carry over as a Servant. Did chronic conditions always carry over from life? An
eternity of those same problems, without the relief that modern medicine could now provide.
Even his own healing spells couldn’t help in that regard – they only restored someone to what
was considered their ‘normal’ state. And since what plagued them was now baked into their
existence…

He switched personas in his mind, wondering if what worked before would work now. There
was really only one way to find out. “Clotho!” he called out.
In a burst of blue flame, the Spinner of the Thread came into being. Both Boudica and Archer
jumped a bit in surprise while Leonidas and Cu Chulainn looked over in curiosity. Their
recognition was clear in everyone’s eyes, but everyone refrained from commenting their
opinions – if Ren was bringing out a persona now, then there was a reason for it. With a wave
of its spindle, a green glow emitted from Nero before fading away. As Clotho vanished from
existence, everyone watched for the results.
Nero looked up, blinking. “My migraines,” she whispered. Then she burst into a cheerful
grin. “You had done this for my other self, but I did not think it is effective even now. Once
more, I can only thank you profusely, Master. I can tell my time here in Chaldea will be even
more pleasant and grand than I initially anticipated.”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “Happy to help,” he easily replied as he returned to stirring the
curry. His circuits barely even warmed up from summoning Clotho. He needed to thank Olga
for all her work at the next opportunity. “I wasn’t sure if it was gonna work, but I’m glad it
did.”
“Umu! It was worth it!” the emperor declared. “Allow me to reward you for your service,
Master, with a performance penned by yours truly-“
“You are not to disturb my meal, Nero,” came Artoria’s sharp reply from somewhere in the
cafeteria. “Find a concert hall if you wish to indulge in one, but do not disturb others from
their food.”
“I see no reason why there can’t be a mid-lunch performance,” Nero groused. “But very well.
Besides, it is perhaps better when everyone has their full attention to the performance as
opposed to being distracted by such delectable dishes. Your wisdom truly matches that of
sages, Artoria – as befitting my descendent!”
Ren couldn’t see Artoria from where he was but he could tell she flinched at that last bit.
‘Thanks for the save, Artoria,’ he mentally whispered to the king.
‘It was admittedly more for my own benefit than for yours, Master, but I shall accept it
nevertheless,’ Artoria wearily replied. ‘Though if you wish to repay me, I would like one more
serving of your curry.’
How many dishes of that did she have now…? Well, no matter. ‘Coming right up,’ the
Phantom Thief easily accepted. It was the least he could do for her at this point.
In the meantime, he glanced over at Nero, who was talking garrulously to Marie behind her.
Since she was summoned, he never had that feeling he was being stared at by whatever
lurked within the living Nero. Maybe it didn’t transfer over with her becoming a Servant, yet
her migraines did? He wasn’t about to pretend he fully understood how it worked, but at least
it wasn’t another thing he had to worry about.

Before long, people finished their dishes and began filing out of the cafeteria, whether
returning to their work or working on something else. Cu and Leonidas were among the first
to leave, eager as they were to spar and compare each other’s martial skills. Archer and
Boudica were among the last to leave, making sure to tell Ren not to work too hard.
“When have I ever,” Ren joked. The unamused stares from the two Servants were answer
enough. They left, soon leaving the Phantom Thief alone to finish cleaning up the kitchen
while Jeeves washed the dishes. And…
“It feels odd watching someone of your caliber doing something so menial,” Nero noted as
she watched Ren work from the counter.
Ren looked up with a wry smile. “Does it seem too demeaning for me?” he asked.
The emperor shook her head. “While normally I would say so, it feels as natural as the stage
is for me,” she elaborated. “But then, perhaps everything is the perfect stage for you – the
kitchen, the battlefield, the training room…”
Her eyes narrowed slightly. “Even Chaldea itself,” she finished.
The Phantom Thief froze for a split second, then smiled again as he finished wiping down the
stove. “’All the world’s a stage,’ as the line goes,” he murmured. “’And all the men and
women merely players.’ In that sense, yeah, everything’s a stage for me. I just put on
whatever masks and do what I have to do – or rather, what I can do.”
He turned back to Nero, his grey eyes meeting her green ones like they did so many times.
“Isn’t that the same for you, Emperor of Roses, the Flower of Olympia?” he asked in turn.
Nero’s eyes widened, then she sighed. “Perhaps it is so, one way or another,” she admitted.
“But at the very least, there were times when I could at least lower my own mask for a bit.
Times I shared with my Praetor and… with you, Ren Amamiya. Times where I was simply
Nero – no more and no less.
She looked back up at him, sadness clear in her eyes. “Are you not able to slip your own
masks?” the emperor asked. “Or more accurately, do you not allow them to slip off, if only
for your own sake?”
Ren paused, then once more gave a rueful smile. “A small misunderstanding,” he gently
corrected as he leaned on a counter. “It’s not a matter of slipping them on or off. My masks
are who I am, and I am my masks in turn. One and the same. I understand your concern,
Nero, but… it’s fine. Thanks for looking out for me, though.”
Nero said nothing, simply staring at Ren as she tried to discern what lay past the sharp, kind
grey eyes of the Phantom Thief. “If that is what you say, Master,” she finally conceded,
standing up from her chair. “In that case, I shall take my leave. When you have an opportune
moment, do attend a recital of mine. I promise you it shall be as grand as I am.”
“I expect nothing less,” Ren easily replied. “Looking forward to it.”

The emperor turned to walk away. At the cafeteria door, she turned back to look at Ren, who
was just hanging up his apron, then finally left. ‘You knew him less than you thought,’ she
quietly admonished her other self.
Only silence met her words.
Tired.
That lunch rush had been far more than he had been expecting. He wasn’t even sure what
happened – one moment it was quiet, the next a bunch of staff and Servants showed up at
once. And when he thought it might die down, even more began appearing. Before the
Phantom Thief knew it, he was dancing from dish to dish, pot to pot, trying to manage all the
orders alongside Jeeves. Ritsuka and Mash saw the horde and immediately jumped to help,
but he needed backup actually cooking regardless.
But now he was done – and he was left with that conversation with Nero on his mind. Well,
not just her; from both Roman and Morgana as well. They had all shown concern that he had
been pushing himself too hard and truth be told, they weren’t wrong. It had been a while
since he felt this wiped out. He had considered taking it easy, but there was still so much to
do and so much he could do. There had already been too many screw-ups from him already.
He needed to be better.
Rubbing his eyes, he quietly took off his apron as he went over what he needed to do next.
He had taken a bunch of notes about personas and magecraft from Lavenza and Olga the
other night. It would be a good idea to review those and discuss them with El-Melloi the next
time he saw them. Oh right, he also woke up a bit later than he expected and missed his
morning exercises. He should do those too.
Then suddenly, he felt a shiver down his neck: The sensation of being stared at once more.
And it felt sharper than ever. Whipping around, his eyes turned red as his Third Eye
activated. He saw Nero disappearing out of the doorAnd the being was right there. Formless and shapeless, yet it was there nevertheless. Its
attention and its presence felt far stronger than ever. It wasn’t like that time back in the
Roman singularity, where it simply felt like he was being observed. Was it because Nero was
summoned here as a Servant, or was it a different matter entirely? It felt far sharper and
hungrier than it had ever been before. It felt like he was in the eyes of a predator.
No. A predator wasn’t a good way to describe it. This was something vastly more malevolent
and crueler. It was like something that had just found a new toy and had no intention of
relinquishing it anytime soon. For a split second, he thought he saw a pair of giant red claws
curling and surrounding him, about to enclose and suffocate his existence. His breathing
became labored as he struggled to breathe, forcing oxygen into his lungs. His vision swam as
everything spun around himThen he blinked and suddenly, nothing. He could breathe normally again. The claws were
gone, and so was the presence. His eyes were sore as they turned back to normal. That was
something he hadn’t expected or experienced before. Just what in the world happened?

Before he could process it any further, a familiar mental presence barged into his thoughts.
‘Arsene?’ he asked in surprise. ‘What-?’
‘You are needed in the Thieves’ Den,’ Arsene stated. ‘Immediately.’
Ren’s eyes widened. His true self was never this serious or blunt – not unless the situation
absolutely called for it. And if that was the case, then he had absolutely no time to waste. He
rapidly switched masks in his mind. “Succubus!” he called out. The bewitching persona
immediately came forth in a flash of blue flame. Normally bearing a seductive smile, her
expression was abnormally grim as she raised a finger and pointed it at Ren. At the gesture,
the Phantom Thief immediately collapsed on the spot as he fell into a deep slumber.
Dashing into the Den, the Phantom Thief quickly noticed the ambiance was far different than
how it usually was. The lights had dimmed considerably, casting much of the area in shadow.
Outside the LeBlanc exhibit was an entire horde of personas, all of them warily facing the
café as if prepared for a fight. Lucifer and Metatron flanked the door while Satan was
positioned nearby.
As he stepped forward, the personas noticed and parted to let him pass. He glanced up at both
Lucifer and Metatron as he approached the door. “How bad?” he asked shortly.
Though Metatron’s metallic face didn’t change, Ren could tell he was frowning. “You will
know once you step inside,” he replied solemnly. “I advise the greatest caution.” Lucifer
nodded in agreement, which alarmed Ren even further. It was rare for the two to agree on a
matter, especially when it came to a warning.
“Got it,” he replied with a nod. “Thanks for letting me know.” Taking a deep breath, he
pushed through the door. Both Olga and Lavenza looked up while Arsene kept overwatch in a
corner. Both Attendants were here. Not a good sign.
“Amamiya,” Olga greeted, her voice tight with tension.
“Trickster,” said Lavenza, her normally airy tone reflecting her seriousness.
“Olga, Lavenza,” the Phantom Thief greeted in turn. As the Attendants turned their attention
back, he looked up and saw the last occupant of the café.
A taller woman, dressed in a transparent, red robe, as at the counter. Slits were cut across the
sides, revealing her bare skin and curvaceous body. Her arms were bare, showing red scales
that contrasted sharply against her pale skin. A pair of horns curved around her head in a
crude crown, as a red veil draped over her blonde hair, which was neatly done up in a bun.
She was sipping from a shot glass that was filled with a familiar looking liquid: His
memories.
“A decent bouquet and an intriguing taste,” the woman murmured seemingly to herself. “I
can see why that child savors these.”
Ren’s eyes widened in shock. Her appearance was a dead ringer for an older Nero, but the
presence he felt from her was something else entirely. Something very familiar to him – and

yet far, far darker than it ever was. Pushing down his worries and anxiety for a moment, he
stepped forward. “I wasn’t expecting guests,” he remarked with his usual smirk. “Hope you
didn’t find the welcoming committee too overwhelming – they can get a bit excitable.”
“What should I call you?” he asked. “Nero? Or Mother Harlot?”
The woman scoffed lightly. “Please do not call me Nero,” she replied softly, her voice
dripping with disdain as she slowly turned towards him. Compared to the emperor’s bright,
green eyes, hers were red as wine and dark with malice. “I am not that naïve child. Mother
Harlot is more fitting, though it is not accurate to call me that either.”
The Phantom Thief frowned in confusion. Before he could get his answer, however, a cell
door made of blue light appeared in the café, showing only a blue void beyond. It swung
open, and out walked a figure: Tall, disproportionate, with a long, hooked nose, a permanent
grin, and all-perceiving eyes. Both Olga and Lavenza bowed while Ren’s eyes widened in
surprise. He hadn’t expected him, of all people, to show up.
“My, it has been a while since I have stepped out of the Velvet Room,” Igor commented,
looking around the café exhibit. “I did not expect to venture out quite so soon, but then this
journey has been quite exceptional.”
“Er, will the Velvet Room be okay without you, Igor?” Ren asked in concern, checking the
blue void behind him.
The Master of the Velvet Room chuckled. “I have made preparations to ensure it can handle
my absence for a brief period of time,” he reassured the Phantom Thief. “This matter, I
believe, requires special attention.”
Turning to the woman who was staring at him with some curiosity, he nodded in
acknowledgement. “Greetings,” he announced. “I am Igor, Master of the Velvet Room. Our
role is to aid humanity and assist our guests in their respective journeys. While we normally
remain as observers and helpers at most, a case like yours is a very rare exception where
direct interference may be necessary.” Igor’s grin widened as his eyes bore into the
unannounced intruder.
“To what do we owe the pleasure of your company, Beast candidate Draco?”

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 106: Contract
Chapter Summary

A deal is struck.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

There was never a dull moment in Chaldea if one knew where to look. The interesting habits
of the Servants, the proclivities of the staff, the various singularities they had discovered, and
even the very technology that kept the facility running. The rayshifting technology, SHEBA,
CHALDEAS, and even the accessory technologies needed to monitor and confirm the
existences of both the singularities and the ground team who entered them. It was all beyond
fascinating.
So much so that for the Uomo Universale, it was yet another font of inspiration that she drew
from. Oh, she couldn’t wait!
Ah, but for now, duty came first. There was a list of tasks that needed to be done in her mind.
Chores some might regard them and in part, she agreed. However, every problem was a
challenge, each with myriad solutions. Perhaps there was one tried and true solution, but that
didn’t automatically make it the best solution. She wouldn’t be a genius if she stuck only with
such methods after all, would she?
Sitting up from her chair, she took off her magnifying glasses as well as her specially
engineered mystic code gloves and stretched luxuriously. On the workbench was the
Chaldean uniform for Masters. She had been looking to improve its base functionality. First
on the agenda was counteracting poison. The Masters may all have protection from poisons
thanks to Mash’s demi-Servant classing as well as Ren and Morgana’s personas, but it never
hurts to have another contingency in mind.
And speaking of keeping things in mind, a pen was jotting down notes on another piece of
paper in midair nearby. The genius had countless things always surging through her mind,
and one of the few frustrations is losing hold of her inspiration when it came close like a fish
escaping the angler. Thus, a familiar enchanted to pen down all those loose thoughts of hers.
She reached up to take the paper. It seemed to be another day in ChaldeaSuddenly, a computer monitor nearby flashed red. The Caster immediately stood up to check.
It was a warning notification from the kitchen unit – Jeeves, as it was now called. As she read
the details, her eyes widened in alarm. She immediately contacted Roman and found the
doctor dozing at his desk in the director’s office. “Romani!” she barked, startling the doctor
awake. “The ragazzo is passed out in the kitchen. Prepare the medbay.”

Closing the display before he could reply, she turned into spirit form to pick up Ren. He was
a never-ending source of both intrigue and worry, it seemed.
“To what do we owe the pleasure of your company, Beast Candidate Draco?”
The woman – Draco – smiled slightly. “Well, at the very least you have manners,” she
remarked. “And knowledge. None should know of me but then, I should have expected you
to, Igor, Master of the Velvet Room. I commend you. As for why I am here…” She looked
over at Ren who was still staring warily at her, and her smile widened. “The boy intrigues
me.”
“Apparently I have that effect on people,” Ren replied with a smirk as his mind worked
feverishly. This woman in front of him felt like Mother Harlot, but fundamentally different –
like she had taken the face of the persona and used it as a mask. The sheer power and
malevolence radiating off her also set him on edge. “But everyone has their own reasons.
What’s yours, Draco?”
The Beast Candidate chuckled lightly. “Asking a lady outright what her desires are?” she
replied. “And I thought you were better with women than that. I had believed you typically
indulged them until they wished to share with you what they wished for? It seems we are
skipping the foreplay today.”
She tilted her head slightly as her eyes observed Ren like how a cat observed a mouse
wriggling in its paws. “Though I’ll admit there’s something quite interesting about someone
who just reaches out to grasp what they want,” she admitted. “Regardless of their
circumstances… or their safety.”
“Enough of this,” Olga snapped. “You are a Beast Candidate and therefore are a Threat to
Humanity. State your intentions clearly or we shall deal with you accordingly.”
Draco rolled her eyes at Olga’s ultimatum. “Boring,” she stated.
“Excuse me?”
“You are boring,” Draco repeated dismissively, not even bothering to look at the Attendant.
“The type who bury their sins with their sense of duty, honor, or purity, and believe they are
all the superior for it. Yet underneath it all, they are left utterly seething and discontent with
their whole existence. Your kind are practically everywhere to the point of staleness. No, I
have no wish to answer you. There is no reason for me to.”
Olga’s eyes widened in sheer rage. She opened her mouth to retort when Igor softly cleared
his throat, forestalling her rage. “Do forgive her for the outburst,” he said. “She is merely
doing her duties and is enthusiastic to fulfill them. However…” The atmosphere became far
colder as his eyes bore into Draco. “I must insist you answer Olga’s question,” he murmured.
“As well as mine: To what do we owe the pleasure, Beast Candidate Draco?”
The Beast Candidate paused, looking at the assembled company, then smiled at Ren again.
“As I said, he intrigues me,” she stated.

“How so?” Lavenza sharply prodded. Though she hadn’t lashed out like Olga had, she was
on the cusp of losing her temper as well.
“To restrain yourself from sin is one matter,” she elaborated. “And to drown yourself in it is
another. However, it seems my… contractor? Is that the right term? Is quite different in that
regard.” She crossed her legs and leaned up against the counter, her expression pensive. “To
be able to immerse one’s self completely in sin, yet not lose themselves to it, is rather rare. So
I decided to take a closer look – especially when I was given such a convenient pathway.”
“Mother Harlot,” Ren guessed.
Draco’s smile widened again. “Correct,” she confirmed. “The Servant connection with that
childish Roman emperor combined with an ‘aspect’ of me here. It’s quite a marvel of
coincidences, I must say, but convenient indeed.”
“And you have done so – without our guest’s permission,” Igor replied softly. “What are your
intentions now?”
“To observe and to tempt,” the Beast Candidate replied bluntly. “As I’ve stated before,
someone who can walk the fine line between indulging in sin and drowning themselves in it
is rare. However, those people also tend to live such insignificant lives that pushing them into
temptation is nothing more than child’s play.”
“But this?” The Beast raised her arms and spread them to indicate the entire Den. “Someone
with this much life experience, who has borne witness to order and chaos, to good or evil, to
be struck with indulgences and temptations both good and evil, and can still accept all of that
without losing himself? Now you have my interest. And I wish to see what will become of it
all in the end. He is perhaps the most enjoyable human I have ever found.”
“Ren Amamiya is not your toy,” Lavenza growled.
Draco smiled once more. “I am a Beast Candidate, as you’ve so aptly called me,” she
retorted. “All of humanity is my toy.”
“Before you guys continue,” Ren spoke up, interrupting the argument and drawing
everyone’s attention. “What exactly is a Beast? Somehow, I don’t think you guys mean
animals here.”
The comment elicited a peal of amused laughter from the Beast Candidate. “Do they not
though?” she inquired with amusement. “After all, no matter how humanity thinks of
themselves, no matter what tenant they bind themselves to, they are still animals to the end,
with all their primal desires and urges! From biology to psychology, can you truly say they
are anything beyond animals?”
The Phantom Thief frowned. “And what does humanity have to do with this?” he asked.
“Beasts are Evils of Humanity,” Olga explained without taking her eyes off Draco. “Each
representing a certain Sin, they were born from humanity’s hopes, albeit of the worst kind.
They are shaped by and are obstacles to humanity’s growth and advancement, and thus must

be overcome. As you have surmised, such beings are incredibly powerful, as they are without
exception all calamities. Even a Candidate alone must have the strength necessary to bear the
title.”
“They are the stars of humanity’s sins,” Igor elaborated, closing his eyes momentarily in
recollection. “The poisons of souls produced from attachment, misunderstandings, and
growth. Akin to cancer cells that develop within a growing creature, and as malignant as one
if not managed or excised. You could say they are distortions of human will manifest.”
“Of course, she is not a Beast,” he added. “She is the shadow of Nero Claudius Caeser
Augustus Germanicus. The embodiment of her worst, most repressed traits - a being you are
quite familiar with, my dear guest.” He nodded to Ren in acknowledgement. “This shadow,
however, has become abnormally powerful, enough to be a Candidate in turn.”
The Master of the Velvet Room opened his eyes once more, his gaze hard. “As such, I cannot
easily allow you to roam free in our guest’s mind,” he concluded. “As you have taken on the
identity of one of his personas, we may not be able to remove you, but we can contain you at
your current might. I apologize for the discourtesy but as an intruder, you must be dealt
with.”
Draco smirked. “Imprisoning me just for being here?” she remarked. “That’s rather rude of
all of you. And besides, I have my own counteroffer, to be made to the Trickster here.”
Ren tilted his head in curiosity. “And what precisely is this counteroffer?” he cautiously
asked.
The Beast Candidate’s smirk widened. “All that I am,” she answered. “My powers, my
perspectives, my knowledge. I am thou, and thou art I. In return, I shall take all that you are:
Your own perspectives, memories, and experiences. I wish to see what makes you so
remarkable that you can indulge so freely in sin, using it to strengthen you, yet you do not
drown yourself in it in turn. I reiterate one last time: You are intriguing, Trickster.”
She leaned forward on her leg, resting her head on her hand as she smiled up at the Phantom
Thief. “What say you?” she asked softly. “Do we have an accord?”
For a moment, there was nothing but silence. Ren and Draco’s eyes met, inscrutable to either
party. Olga was about to open her mouth to protest when she felt an odd pressure coming to
her side. Glancing over, she saw Igor’s eyes on her momentarily before turning back to the
other two. The message was clear: Don’t interfere.
The Attendant could only gulp and watch anxiously. No matter how they looked at it, Ren
was negotiating with a Beast Candidate. This was far more dangerous than anything she had
accounted for thus far! If he makes so much as one slip-upHer thoughts were interrupted as Ren sighed dramatically. “Hm, I have to admit, that does
seem like a good offer,” he mused. “After all, if you’re as strong as everyone makes it out to
be, it would be really helpful for this entire mission. But there’s a few problems with this deal
you’re proposing, Draco.”

“Oh?” Draco asked questioningly. “And what would be the issue here?”
The Phantom Thief looked over at her. This was a huge gamble, one that that had his already
rapidly beating heart hammering against his chest. If this backfired, then his options for
dealing with her would be incredibly limited. “Well, let’s say for instance… I say, ‘Stand up,
Mother Harlot.’”
The Beast Candidate blinked in surprise at the sudden command – then her eyes widened as
she automatically stood up from the stool without even thinking about it. Before she could
react or say anything, Ren spoke again. “Sit down, Mother Harlot,” he ordered. And she sat
down on the chair once more. Once more, there was silence between the two as the
ramifications sank in for everyone.
Draco was the first to break the silence, starting from a quiet chuckle before bursting into
laughter. “Well played, truly well played, Trickster!” she declared. “You saw through my ruse
almost immediately! I would’ve been most disappointed if you fell for it!”
Ren forced a smirk. “It’s pretty simple when you think about it,” he replied, inwardly
breathing a long sigh of relief. “Since Mother Harlot was your way in and we can’t remove
you, it means you replaced the identity of Mother Harlot – the persona within my soul - with
yourself. Never had that happen before, I’ll admit, but then strange occurrences seem to be
the norm at this point for me.” He had to be very careful with the phrasing here, since a single
slip-up would be disastrous.
“In doing so, you have accepted that you are me, in some way, shape, or form,” he continued.
“But to me? You’re, as everyone said at this point, an uninvited guest. Because of that, the
most you can really do is just squat here without influence. However, the moment I accept
that declaration, that you are me, your deal would give everything you want and give me
nothing.”
His smirk widened. “A rather lopsided deal, don’t you think?” he finished.
The Beast Candidate laughed again. “It IS lopsided, that is true,” she agreed wholeheartedly.
“Had you been more naïve or more moral, it might have been easier to make you capitulate.
Still…”
She leaned back on the counter again, leaning her head against a hand while still ignoring the
Velvet room residents, and smiled temptingly. “The fact you and everyone else here are so
guarded against me means at the very least you acknowledge my capabilities. Do not say you
are not already pondering how to put it to use – you are far too crafty not to. If you have the
cunning and the strength to effectively utilize a resource, then it would be foolish not to.”
“True,” Ren agreed, his mind working to dissect every word she said. “But a fire meant for
cooking can also burn an entire fortress down if I’m not careful. Even more if I’m dealing
with a proverbial devil here.” He paused for a moment, then turned to the door. “No offense,
Lucifer,” he called out.
“None taken,” the Lightbringer rumbled outside in response.

“But as you said, you can be helpful,” the Phantom Thief continued as he turned back to
Draco, who was observing with a raised eyebrow and intense curiosity. “So with that in mind,
let’s get everything laid out on the table first.” He moved to stand behind the counter, across
from the Beast Candidate. Leaning against the counter in the kitchen to still the tremors he
couldn’t suppress in his limbs, his sharp grey eyes met her wine-red ones. “What do you want
here, Draco?”
Draco smirked in amusement. This was how they were going to play it, were they? How
intriguing. “I wish to see how you live your life, how you experience it all,” she replied.
“How you can so deeply indulge in sin without being engulfed by it – and I wish to push you
along that path, to see what would be born when you are finally drowning in it.”
Ren nodded slowly in consideration. “Not gonna lie, I’m kind of curious too,” he admitted,
drawing a shocked glance from Olga as the Beast Candidate’s smirk widened. The metaphor
about fire was all to apt: He was playing with it, and would be seriously burned if he wasn’t
careful. “But not curious enough to go with it. And what are you prepared to offer me in
turn?”
The Beast Candidate raised an eyebrow. “Did I not already say?” she asked. “I offer you
everything that I am: My powers, knowledge, insight. All that I am. It would without a doubt
further your cause, whatever you may see fit to do.”
The Phantom Thief forced out an amused, bitter smile and shook his head. “Right back where
we started, huh?” he remarked, causing both him and Draco to chuckle. “I’ve a good amount
of power already, both within and without. Your knowledge and insights would definitely be
helpful though, especially as one who’s close to an Evil of Humanity. And in return… you
have the freedom to remain here. To explore as you wish, to socially interact with various
figures and personas here, including me, and to see the world through my eyes – no more and
no less.”
“If I didn’t know better, I’d say you were trying to make this boring,” she commented.
Ren’s raised an eyebrow. “More boring than having the Velvet Room lock you up?” he asked.
“A fair point,” Draco acknowledged. “But you are being rather restrictive, are you not? You
have my word I will not overpower your mind with brute force or power. I had thought that
as one who indulges freely in sin, you would be more courageous than that.”
“With brute force or power?” the Phantom Thief echoed, noting her phrasing and raising his
guard slightly. “I take it you have other means, then?”
The Beast Candidate chuckled. “A whispered word here, a small nudge there,” she replied.
“It would be boring to simply force you to fall. I’d rather see you do so from your own will –
more entertaining, and the result would be more… spectacular.”
“Permit me to interrupt,” Lavenza interjected, drawing the attention of both Ren and Draco.
“But Beasts also have the power to manifest in reality when they so wish it as well. I do not
know if a Candidate like Draco has that ability, but it is not beyond the realm of possibility.”

Draco smirked. “Quite perceptive,” she cooed. “If it sets you at ease, then I shall restrain
myself from manifesting as well. Though outside influences can be amusing, it would be all
the more fruitful to cause it all from within.”
“You’re pretty candid with what you want,” the Phantom Thief noted.
“Did you expect otherwise?” Draco shot back with a grin of her own.
Ren forced a chuckle out. “I suppose not,” he admitted. “But there’s always the possibility
you’ll go back on your promises and words as soon as it suits you. Am I right?” Of course
she would. She was still eyeing him like a cat would a mouse. She wasn’t even treating this
seriously, just humoring him. Igor, Lavenza, and Olga may be here but even then, he didn’t
feel fully reassured.
That was a terrifying thought.
“And what makes you say that?” the Beast Candidate asked, her grin widening. “I’ve been
nothing but truthful and forthright with you. I have no particular reason to break my
promises, not when you are offering me at least some of what I want.”
“I’m pretty sure the best liars are the ones who always tell the truth,” Ren countered. “So, I
say we set this in stone.” He turned around and, as he expected, the cubby held precisely
what he wanted. Reaching in, he took the items out and set them on the table.
Draco looked over casually, wondering what amusement he brought out this time – and her
smile immediately vanished. “What is this?” she snapped, her tone immediately gaining an
edge as she stared daggers on the pen and paper in front of her.
The Phantom Thief smirked. “What any good deal requires,” he answered. “A contract. We
can talk back and forth about the terms until the end of time, but nothing’s confirmed unless
it’s all put down in black and white, wouldn’t you agree? Here’s a contract I made in the
Thieves Den – my environment. We even have witnesses.” He nodded to the Velvet Room
residents and Arsene, whose flaming smile seemed to grow in amusement, and leaned
forward on the counter.
“I’d say it would be binding even for you,” he concluded. “Wouldn’t you agree, Mother
Harlot?” This was another gamble, but from what he had learned about her, cognition, and
the Thieves Den, it was perhaps one of the only methods he could use to actually bind her. At
least, that was the hope.
Draco stared hard at the document, reading the terms. Everything they had discussed was
present, but it also provided that anything not explicitly stated in the contract were actions
she couldn’t take as well – which included a few of the loopholes she had thought to exploit
for her amusement. “Bandying about with a Beast Candidate?” she hissed. “You are playing a
dangerous game, Ren Amamiya.”
The sheer rage Ren could feel from her was palpable, enough that he almost broke into a cold
sweat as he resisted the urge to clench his ice-cold hands. Instead, his grin widened from

adrenaline, looking borderline mad with exhilaration. “It’s been that way since day one,” he
replied. “So, do we have an accord?”
“We do not,” the Beast Candidate curtly snapped as an aura of darkness started appearing
around her. “You have caught me off guard with this, and that was my mistake. I had grossly
underestimated you. But if you wish for me to sign this, then I require more than these
childish terms.”
“And what makes you think you’re in a position to demand more?” the Phantom Thief
inquired, trying to suppress a new surge of panic. “Everything you have here right now is
mine – especially the identity of the persona you have taken. You don’t have a lot of room to
negotiate.”
“Perhaps so,” Draco murmured. “But if that’s how you wish to play, then I can very well drag
all of you down with me if necessary.” Her dark aura became more oppressive, the sheer
malevolence of it causing Lavenza to open the Compendium in preparation and Olga to raise
her hand, her circuits beginning to glow. Even Arsene had unfurled his wings, ready for
combat. Only Igor remained completely unmoved, seemingly unperturbed by the display.
Though Ren had seemingly no reaction, every single persona right outside the LeBlanc
exhibit had readied themselves as well. It took a significant effort of will to have them all
relax a bit. As much as he wanted to deck Draco followed by having every single persona
blast her to oblivion – anything to deal with the fear that flowed through his veins like ice and
pierced his heart and gut – he couldn’t allow himself to show any weakness to Draco. She
would pounce on it as soon as she noticed one, and that was something he couldn’t afford.
“Well, the ball’s in your court now,” the Phantom Thief stated simply with a shrug. “What
can you offer me to have me seriously consider keeping you around here? And what do you
want as payment?”
Draco paused for a moment to consider. Then she smirked. “An insurance policy,” she stated.
That caught Ren off guard. “Come again?” he asked.
“Your journey will take you to places that are treacherous for any human, even one as…
interesting as you, Trickster,” she elaborated, her smirk widening now that she had Ren’s full
attention. “I can exercise a portion of my strength to save you from death. I believe you
would find such an opportunity invaluable, would you not?”
The Phantom Thief gulped slightly as he thought on the implications and how it would
happen. “What would ‘saving me from death’ entail?” he inquired. “And how often would
you do this?”
The Beast Candidate thought for a moment. “When you are mortally wounded, I will channel
my power through you and restore you to full health and make sure the area around you is
safe,” she detailed. “It would not do for someone as entertaining and intriguing as you to
perish so easily. And as a gesture of good faith, I shall do so minimum of once.” She held up
a finger for emphasis and her smile widened. “However, any more than that shall depend on
my mood… and what else you have to bargain with.”

Ren frowned as he considered it. Having such a backup option would be invaluable,
especially with so much on the line. “And what do you want for return for that?” he asked,
crossing his arms.
Draco smiled one more, her wine-red eyes glinting malevolently in LeBlanc’s dim light. “A
simple matter of influence,” she answered. “I may appear and communicate with those who
are aware of my existence. It matters little whom or what – if they are aware of me, then I can
speak to them without your interference.”
The Phantom Thief’s eyes widened before he could stop himself. “You’re asking for a lot,”
he stated flatly.
“And I offer you a considerable boon in return,” the Beast Candidate countered. “I have told
you my power is considerable, did I not? Both bringing you back from the brink of your
mortality as well as speaking to those outside your being are well within my power.”
Then she leaned casually on the counter, picking up the shot glass and watching the one
droplet of Ren’s memory swirling within. “Of course, if you have a means to match it, then
proceed by all means,” she added. “It shall be entertaining to see how you shall do so.” With
that, she lifted the shot glass and let the last drop fall to her outstretched tongue before licking
her lips in relish.
Ren fought back a scowl. He didn’t have something like that, and they knew it. He didn’t
have Enduring Soul in the real world – at least, most likely not at the effectiveness it should
be with his magecraft. It would be more reassuring if he had a method to test it, but he
couldn’t think of one. He doubted even Da Vinci, for all her genius, could come up with
something so all-encompassing or guaranteed as what Draco offered.
“So, let’s sum this all up,” the Phantom Thief mused. “I will grant you access to my mind and
my perception, allowing you to experience what I have, am, and will go through. And if
anyone gains knowledge about you, you have freedom to communicate with them as you
please without my interference. Is that correct?”
“Yes. And in return, I shall grant you my own knowledge and insight on your matters,” Draco
answered. “As well as protection for when you are mortally wounded. I shall do so at least
once. Any more is up to my discretion and further negotiation.”
As they spoke, the contract shifted to reflect the terms they had discussed. Soon, everything
was written out, once more with the stipulation that anything not mentioned acted as
restrictions for Draco. A clause was added so that the contract could be subject to
renegotiated with consent from both parties. Ren wished he could have Sae look at this and
advise him when it came to legally binding contracts, but all he could rely on was his own
intuition – and trusting in Draco’s interests to not poke and prod at every loophole she could.
Once that was done, Ren looked over the contract, making sure the wording and all the
conditions and offers were present. He lifted the pen, hesitated for a moment, then with a
barely perceptible gulp, signed on the dotted line. Under normal circumstances, he never
would ever accept such a contract from a being like Draco. However, nothing about his

current circumstances was normal. And if he had to sign his soul over to a devil to ensure his
success…
Well, that was his price to pay.
Draco cast a lazy glance over the terms, her wine-red eyes scanning the document. Finally,
she opened her mouth. Her hand transformed into a red claw as she reached up and punctured
her outstretched tongue, soaking the tip in blood. Then with a flourish, she signed her name
beside Ren’s with the bloodied claw.
Once that was done, the text and signature flashed red for a moment before fading away, with
the contract rolling up into a scroll and a dark red ribbon wrapped around it. “Contract
sealed,” the Beast Candidate announced with a satisfied smirk as she slowly licked the blood
off her finger. “I do look forward to our partnership, Trickster.”
Ren nodded with a face of stone. Once more, the familiar sensation of warmth bloomed in his
chest as an arcana was formed. Tower. Unlike with Nero, however, this one was reversed.
Just like Loki with their reversed Fool. He couldn’t find it in him excited about this prospect,
not with a being like Draco. It felt like he had signed himself over to Yaldabaoth – a
sensation that disgusted him to the utmost degree.
Pointing at the contract, he dragged his finger to the side. A copy of the rolled-up contract
slid into being. He looked over to Igor. “You guys mind keeping a copy?” he asked, holding it
up. “For safekeeping in case something goes wrong here.”
Igor’s grin widened slightly. “It would be an honor, my dear guest,” he agreed. Reaching out
with his spindly fingers, he plucked the copy from Ren and slid it into his coat pocket. “I
thank you for your trust. Now, I believe our business has been concluded. To be able to form
a contract with a Beast Candidate – you truly are a most remarkable guest. I bid both a good
day.” With a small bow of farewell, he strolled through the door of the Velvet Room and
vanished into the blue void.
“Amamiya, please see me at your earliest convenience,” Olga requested in a clipped tone. “I
wish to discuss with you my findings about your magecraft and how it pertains to your
personas.” Without waiting for a response, she marched through the door after Igor and also
vanished. Ren could only sigh to himself. He knew all too well that wasn’t what she wanted
to talk about, though he couldn’t exactly blame her at this point.
A chuckle snagged Ren’s attention. Amusement danced in Draco’s wine-red eyes as she
smirked. “You are well loved, I see,” she noted. “Already this deal is bearing fruit. Perhaps
this will be more entertaining than even I predicted. In the meantime, I shall familiarize
myself with my new home for the time being.” Sliding off the chair, she waved farewell as
she sauntered out the door, barely even giving a glance as the army of personas all glaring at
her.
The Phantom Thief glanced over at Arsene. “Keep an eye on her, would you?” he asked.
His true self nodded. “Of course,” he murmured before floating out of café as well. The door
closed with a jangle of bells, leaving Ren and Lavenza alone.

“That was marvelously done, my Trickster,” the Attendant complimented softly. “However,
are you alright? Dealings with a Beast Candidate is no light matter, and it has undoubtedly
exhausted you.”
Ren forced out a weak chuckle. “It was that obvious, huh?” he remarked as he slumped
forward on the counter, burying his hands in his hair. His body had finally given out, leaving
him trembling from the adrenaline running through his system as he caught his breath. “It
was… definitely something, I can say that much. But so long as she keeps her end of the
bargain, I’d say that I got something pretty good out of the deal.”
Lavenza nodded pensively, then quietly walked around the counter. “You are always my
marvelous Trickster,” she murmured as she gently wrapped her hand around his. “However, I
have seen much of the burdens you have taken on yourself, both in your past journey and
your current one. I do not mean to doubt you, but… I worry you have taken on too much on
yourself.”
The Phantom Thief’s eyes widened slightly, then he smiled. Kneeling down, he covered
Lavenza’s hand in his own. “Thanks, Lavenza,” he replied earnestly. “I’m not gonna lie, it’s
all been… extremely tiring. And I’m scared to death about what this whole deal with Draco
entails. Still, it’s good to know you have my back.”
Lavenza smiled, her glowing, yellow eyes meeting his exhausted, grey ones. She reached
over and gently brushed back some of his hair. “I always will, my Trickster,” she reassured
him gently. “After all, you are still the greatest man I have ever, and ever will, meet.
However… might I indulge one bit of selfishness?”
The request caused Ren to chuckle despite everything. “After all you’ve done for me, you’re
more than entitled to that,” he easily replied.
The Attendant smiled. She stepped forward and wrapped her arms around the Phantom Thief,
catching him momentarily by surprise. He soon returned the embrace, however, with a smile.
“I cannot offer much comfort, my Trickster,” she whispered. “This is the most I can do. I can
offer some counsel, at the very least: this honesty can be formed from your bonds as well.
Please take heart in this, and it may develop into great power… and perhaps even relief for
you.”
Ren frowned slightly, but he nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind,” he murmured.
Lavenza smiled. She slowly stepped away from Ren. “Please do visit Olga at your earliest
convenience,” she recommended. “Her counsel and admonishments, though at times
exaggerated, always hold merit.”
With that, she walked back around the counter. Ren watched as she stepped into the blue
void, vanishing within as the door closed behind her. Standing up, he sighed deeply as he
rubbed the bridge of his nose. Honesty… it was such a simple thing, yet for some reason it
never came to him easily - at least, when it came to his own problems. When would he reach
that point with those in Chaldea? Would it be too late by then?

Reaching over, he quietly picked up the contract. He could only stare grimly at the rolled-up
paper. This was his price to pay to make sure everyone could come back. Telling anyone else
about this… aside from the condition Draco had set, this wasn’t a burden he could share with
anyone else. Not when they all had their own troubles and were doing their best to improve
and grow.
No. He was the one that made the deal with the proverbial devil. So long as he succeeded,
then he would walk this path – even if it would drag his soul down to hell.
In the meantime, he took one more glance at the open Velvet Room door, then reached for the
door of the café instead. So long as he was here, he might as well take care of an errand he
had been putting off for a bit too long.
“What were you thinking, Ren Amamiya?!”
The first line Olga spat out at Ren as soon as he walked into the Workshop was expected,
though he wasn’t sure if he could ever prepare for the sheer vehemence of it. After he had
stopped by Igor and Lavenza to run his errand, he found the former director poring
desperately over an ancient tome. There were even more texts and books on the table around
the astrolabe than usual. Most likely she was researching material on Beasts and Beast
Candidates.
“I’ve seen you take innumerable risks since the Grand Order started,” she ranted. “But to deal
with a Beast Candidate?!? And make a deal with her?!? This is beyond taking a calculated
risk. If I didn’t know better, Amamiya, I would say you are outright suicidal! Are you at this
point?! Inform me if you are because I can’t clearly tell anymore!”
“I’m not,” the Phantom Thief reassured. “It’s just-“
“Just what?!” Olga screeched. “A Beast Candidate, let alone a full-on Beast, is bad enough in
the real world, where we have Servants to hopefully deal with them! And right now you have
one sitting! In! Your! Soul! Do I have to emphasize how enormously disastrous that could be
at any point in the future, including the IMMEDIATE future?! You may be capable and even
powerful, Amamiya, but you’ve surpassed confidence to the point of foolhardy arrogance!”
“It’s not exactly arrogance,” Ren tried again. “The offer was good, all things considered-“
“You have considered nothing!” the Attendant snarled. “If anybody at Chaldea knew about
this – which they now can’t now without risking a cognitohazard, by the way – you would be
treated as a high-priority risk! Which is not exactly ideal when you are one of the last Masters
of humanity, AND the biggest chance of the mission actually succeeding?! What the hell
actually possessed you to take such an enormous risk for-“
“BECAUSE I DON’T KNOW IF THAT CHANCE IS ALWAYS THERE!”
Ren glared in sheer frustration at Olga, who was shocked into silence by his outburst. “You
think I don’t know any of that?!” he spat out, finally at his limit. “I KNOW I’m the last
chance here! Ritsuka and Morgana are great, yeah, but I know it all falls on my shoulders!

What do you think I’ve lost here?! My family, my friends, my home - everything I have ever
loved and cared for, gone! Just like that! And even now, we still aren’t any closer to dealing
with the actual cause!”
The former director could only keep watching in silence as the Phantom Thief continued.
“And the threats are even greater than ever!” he roared. “Monsters, heroes, villains, and gods
know what else are out there! Are they friend? Foe? Can they destroy any of us before we
could even react?! One slip up, one bad call, one stroke of bad luck, and that’s it! It’s over!
The world is gone! You think I wanted to make this deal because I like taking these kinds of
risks?! If it’s a chance to come back, to make sure we succeed, then for everyone’s sake, I
have to take it!”
“And that’s why I’m running everywhere like a madman!” he continued to rant. “Any scrap
of advantage I can get, any way to help everyone else be prepared for upcoming battles up
ahead, any way I can get stronger so we stand a chance, I need! I don’t have the luxury
anymore of simply kicking back! There’s far too much at stake and far too much to do! So
don’t ever tell me off for these kinds of risks like I’m some sort of idiot – if I have to let
myself be dragged to hell a thousand times over to bring everyone I love and care about back,
then I will do it in a heartbeat.”
Olga could only stare in stunned silence as Ren panted for breath. In front of her wasn’t that
suave, always confident guest of the Velvet Room she had always talked to. Nor was it even
the quietly struggling Master she had observed with Lavenza and Igor who had taken on
burden after burden on himself. No – in front of her was Ren Amamiya, a young man who
was all too aware of the key role he played.
And more than that, she saw herself. The burden of responsibility lay heavy on him as it did
for her when she was the director of Chaldea. She took on every single burden and made it
her mission – no, her life’s work to make sure their mission would succeed. For her though, it
was just her own world that was at stake: Her family’s and her own reputation, her pride, her
own place among magi. For Ren, his world encompassed far more than that. It was a grief
that ironically stemmed from selfishness and greed – but one that was all too understandable.
Was this what Draco meant when she remarked he indulged in sin? That term didn’t exactly
make sense to her at the beginning, but now she was understanding it a bit more.
She snapped out of her reverie when Ren covered his face and blew a very long, exhausted
sigh. “Heh, sorry,” he muttered as he lowered his hand, revealing a forced, tired smile.
“Guess I’m more worn out than I thought. After everything’s done, I’ll definitely go on
vacation – I think I’ve earned one. But for now, well, like I said – there’s a lot to do. Thanks
for looking out for me though, Olga. And… well, for everything.” He turned to leave,
walking toward the void beyond the Velvet Room.
“Wait.”
The word was out of her mouth before she could stop herself. Ren stopped and turned
slightly, indicating his attention. Olga’s mouth worked for a moment, trying to find the right
words to say. “You…” she began. Her voice cracked slightly, forcing her to stop and clear her

throat. “You don’t have to take every burden on yourself. It’s… it’s inefficient and it would…
not…”
Her speech died out as Ren slowly turned toward her with a sad, tired smile. His grey eyes
reflected understanding and even sympathy, but he nevertheless shook his head. “I’m sorry,
Olga,” he whispered. Before she could say anything else, he turned away and stepped into the
void beyond the Velvet Room, vanishing from view.
The former director could only watch helplessly as the Phantom Thief disappeared. She
stumbled back to her table in a daze, staring sightlessly down at the book she had been
researching. This was her fault. His personas had the power to save his life at least once when
necessary – and she even knew there were personas that could basically restore him and his
allies to full health whenever he won.
But he had none of those abilities. Instead, to increase his chances of victory, he had made a
deal with a Beast Candidate; a horrific idea even in the best circumstances, yet he had done
so anyway. Who knows what Draco could or would do to him, both directly and indirectly?
Dealing with a Beast or a Candidate in the real world was one thing, but having one directly
in his soul?
A cold chill ran down her spine. What if Ren became a Beast in turn? She wasn’t sure what
was necessary to make one into a candidate, let alone earn the title, but considering Ren’s
versatility, powers, and most importantly his ideals and obsessions, there was a non-zero
percent possibility that might happen. If so, what would happen to the world? Their mission?
What would happen to Ren?
Olga’s nerveless hands balled into fists. No. She would not let that happen. She refused to. It
was her helplessness and inadequacy that led to this situation in the first place. Her
negligence in her studies and work in the Velvet Room, and even before that with her
management of Chaldea. For the good of the mission, and for Ren’s sake, she needed – no,
she would do better. It was the least she could do at this point.
With that, she delved into the book once more with a fury of a possessed woman, her copy of
her Compendium sitting nearby for her studies next. This was a Beast Candidate; incredibly
powerful and dangerous, but not invincible in the slightest. After that, she would delve
further into personas as well as their astrological legends and placements.
She had failed him before. And she would not fail him again.
A sterile white ceiling. The hardness of the bed. The creaking of a metallic frame.
Ren blinked for a moment. Odd. He was sure he passed out in the kitchen. So why was he“REN!!”
That was the only warning he had before something warm and furry immediately pounced on
his chest. “I told you that you were working too hard!” Morgana yelled. “Collapsing in the

kitchen of all things too! What the heck, Ren!”
The Phantom Thief blinked with surprise and looked up to see himself surrounded by the
relieved – and in some cases irritated – faces of Mash, Ritsuka, Roman, and Da Vinci. “Your
readings were all regular,” Roman told him. “Aside from some minor bruising where you had
collapsed. If anything, it seemed like you had just fallen asleep. However, no matter what we
did, you wouldn’t wake up.”
“I saw all the signs, Ren,” Morgana supplied. “You used a sleep spell on yourself, didn’t you?
What happened?”
Ren chuckled ruefully and rubbed the back of his neck. “A few of my persona were getting a
bit rowdy,” he explained. “It was starting to get a bit heated so I kind of panicked and sent
myself to sleep. It’s all cleared up so there’s no big deal, thankfully. Just needed to resolve a
few arguments in there.” Technically, it wasn’t a lie. His personas were in a sense arguing –
only it was literally every one of his other persona opposing Draco, who took Mother
Harlot’s position.
At the information everyone immediately frowned in concern. “Ren, you know that’s not
normal,” Morgana pointed out warily. “Personas aren’t supposed to rebel or argue like that,
since they’re all in a sense ‘you’. If they’re arguing-“
“It’s not like we don’t argue with certain thoughts we have from time to time,” Ren easily
retorted. “Mine were just being a bit louder than usual this time. It’s more a problem of
mental discipline at this point. But I got it resolved and cleaned up. Won’t happen again.
Promise.”
“And I wonder, ragazzo,” Da Vinci remarked. Her smile was still there but it was clear from
her cool tone and her eyes that she was irritated. “How many of these kinds of promises you
will make – or at this point, keep. For now, until we have confirmed your condition, you are
confined to the bed for the day.”
The Phantom Thief’s eyes widened in shock. “What?!” he stuttered. “But I have to meet up
with El-Melloi and see what I can learn about magecraft! I also have to check in with the
other Servants and-“
“You will stay here,” Ritsuka growled. “Or I will give you an actually good reason to keep
you here. Got it, Ren?”
The memory of the suplex flashed clearly in his mind as Ren gulped. “Yep, got it,” he quickly
replied. He wasn’t sure where Ritsuka learned such a move but he wasn’t keen to experience
it again. Once was more than enough.
“Um…” Mash stammered. “If you wish, I can bring you some books? It can help you pass
the time while you’re here, senpai.”
Ren blinked, then nodded with a grateful smile. “That would be great,” he replied honestly.
“Thanks, Mash. I could do with a bit of lighter reading at this point.” The sight of the

Shielder smiling happily lifted his dampened spirits slightly. Seeing her smile always
brightened his day, no matter when or where.
As everyone else discussed among themselves, a shift of movement caught his eye. He turned
– and felt his heart almost jump out of his mouth when he saw Draco sitting on the
neighboring bed, her legs crossed as she lazily smiled over at him. It took every bit of will to
master himself and not show any expression or surprise. “So, these are some of your closest
allies,” she commented, her sultry, dangerous voice whispering into his mind. “This is quite a
gathering, Trickster. Already, you have captured my interest.”
Ren turned away from her to face the others. However, he forced himself to smirk inwardly.
“Then sit back and enjoy the show, Draco,” he shot back. “And I’ll show you real
entertainment before long.”
Draco’s laughs echoed in his mind as he steeled his resolve. It seems this little game of theirs
has just begun.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 107: Start
Chapter Summary

The start of progress

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Mash sighed as she slouched slightly in her chair. The mission reports for the singularities
had been filled out in considerable detail: From their arrival all the way to their fight against
Lev-Flauros. She wasn’t sure how much she could fill out for the various battles, considering
they had split up for the singularity. Did Ren-senpai and Morgana fill out the reports for their
respective legs of the campaign as well? She would have to ask. Perhaps she would be able to
provide assistance in the matter.
Writing reports was more than routine for Mash at this point. As she typed away, her mind
wandered to recent events – particularly about Ren. It had been incredibly worrying when he
had been found in the kitchen, collapsed and unresponsive. It was also troubling to hear that
he had done it to himself, even if it was to resolve some matter with his personas. It wasn’t a
sight she every wished to witness.
Before long, she moved on to the personality reports on the Masters. She decided to start with
Ren Amamiya, since she had been with him the longest. It was almost easy to write: He
treated everyone around him well, never looking down or up anyone but merely judging them
by what kind of person they were. It was easy for everyone to get along with him, and he
worked well with everyone in turn, whether it was her, his peers, the staff, or the other
Servants.
Yet at the same time, he seemed to always be doing something to the point where she rarely
caught sight of him beyond the cafeteria these days. She wanted to see if she could assist, but
it was either magecraft research with El-Melloi, conversing with other Servants, or some
matter of business that she couldn’t help with.
In the end, she decided to sharpen her own skills in preparation. Leonidas’s training had been
grueling and harsh, even for her demi-Servant capabilities: Any tactics or skills were
discovered, taught, and refined during their regular spars. And once the Spartan king had
figured out the capabilities of the simulator, he regularly ran combat scenarios with her:
Various monsters, Spartan soldiers, sometimes fighting in groups, sometimes by herself…
they were varied and grueling, but she never asked for a reprieve.
Still, there were limits. She had once asked for further training from Leonidas, but the
Spartan king instead laughed. ‘I am glad you are so studious and resilient, Mash Kyrielight!’

he had declared. ‘However, rest is just as important as training! Your body needs time to
rebuild itself and adjust, the mind to process and learn, and the spirit to regain its energy and
strength! While I do understand, impatience rarely serves a warrior well, young Kyrielight.
Remember this well.’ The Shielder decided to take the lesson to heart.
A faint squeak caught her attention. Glancing over, she saw Fou yawning from where he lay
on her bed. With a smile, she moved to sit on the bed instead, softly scratching the little
being’s head. “I’m sorry, Fou,” she softly apologized. “With how busy I’ve been, I haven’t
spent much time with you, have I?”
“Fou, fou,” the furry being quietly barked out in protest. Mash could only smile
apologetically. Well, now was as good a time as any for a small break. Opening her
nightstand, she fished out a Sherlock Holmes book – Hound of the Baskervilles. An old
favorite of hers, and one she still very much enjoyed. As she reclined on her bed, Fou
immediately came over and nestled in her lap, laying himself down with a quiet huff. She
could only smile before she opened the book from where she last stopped and began reading.
For a while, there was nothing but the sound of Mash turning a page as she read while Fou
quietly slept in her lap. The peacefulness of her room was different compared to the noisiness
and insanity of the singularities, or even just the regular hustle and bustle of Chaldea. It really
felt like it had been a long time since she had been able to just sit down and open a book for
nothing more than entertainment.
At one point, she decided to glance up to check the clock and, to her surprise, half an hour
had already gone by. It certainly had been a while since she had been so absorbed in reading
that she lost track of time. It was a good feeling. Still, she should get back to work on the
reports – her break had lasted long enough.
She began slowly sitting back up, only for Fou to dig a claw into her thigh and stop her.
“Fou,” she whispered. “I need to get back to my report. Can you get off?” Fou looked up at
her, blinking his eyes blearily, before standing up, turning around… and laying back down on
her lap. “Fou!” she quietly cried out in slight shock, but the tiny being ignored her, drifting
back off to sleep.
The Shielder huffed. While she couldn’t get mad at Fou, she did need to get up. This wasn’t
the first time he had given her such an attitude before – he could be rather mischievous when
he wanted to – and she doubted it would be the last. As she reached over to pick him up, she
noticed the light on the nearby panel blinking. Odd. Who would be contacting her at this
time?
She tapped the panel – and her eyes widened in surprise to see Ren. “Ren-senpai,” she
greeted. “Are you feeling better? We were all worried after what happened the other day.”
Ren grinned in response. “I’m doing a lot better,” he replied. “It’ll take a lot more to keep me
down. But enough about me – let’s talk about you. Are you available right now, Mash?”
The question caught the Shielder off guard. “Oh, yes,” she answered. “I was just taking a
break from doing reports. Have you started on yours, senpai?”

The Phantom Thief smiled abashedly while rubbing the back of his neck. “I, er, haven’t quite
gotten to that yet,” he guiltily admitted. “I’ve been busy with other work.”
Mash nodded. Given how busy he had been, she wasn’t surprised. “Would you like help with
it, senpai?” she asked. “I might be able to help expedite the process for you.”
Her heart fluttered slightly again as he grinned broadly. “That would be great, Mash,” he
accepted. “You really are a lifesaver. But in the meantime, you mind if I come over?”
Again she was caught off guard, but she rapidly nodded regardless. “Not at all, senpai!” she
rapidly answered. “Is something the matter? Should I prepare anything?”
For a brief moment, Ren looked off to the side with a twinge of irritation before turning back
to Mash with a smile. “Just your lovely self, Mash,” he reassured her jokingly. “I’ll bring
over some coffee as well. I’ll see you in… I’d say half an hour.”
“Of course, senpai,” she replied quickly. “I’ll see you then!” The screen winked off, leaving
Mash staring at her own reflection. She turned back to Fou. “Alright, time to get off,” she
murmured. “I need to get ready for senpai.”
The little creature huffed, but nevertheless hopped off. Smiling, Mash got up. Perhaps she
should straighten the bed first…
‘I did not expect you to be so short tempered,’ Draco commented with amusement. ‘I simply
spoke an observation, did I not?’
‘One that was very much unneeded,’ Ren shot back. ‘Please don’t refer to Mash that way.’
They were currently in the kitchen where Ren had ‘passed out’ the other day, with him
manning the coffee brewers. Nearby sat a long, thin item wrapped up in a blanket. He had
decided, after the scare he gave everyone yesterday, that at the very least they deserved a
small treat from him. He managed to find Brazilian Bourbon coffee beans sitting among the
others, and a surprising quantity too.
How did Sojiro explain it? The beans from Brazil were the highest quality in the world, with
balanced acidity and bitterness. Brazilian Bourbon was known for their soft sweetness and
clean finish, and it was only produced in small quantities, most of which was exported. It
seemed whoever handled logistics and supplies for Chaldea knew their coffee at the very
least.
Draco was sitting on the counter beside him. Like before, she was visible only to him – he
doubted a borderline-naked woman in the kitchen wouldn’t draw attention from literally
anyone entering the room. She had been rather supportive of his use of the beans. ‘My, quite
a rare variety these are,’ she had purred. ‘And here I thought decadence was beyond
scientists and engineers. But it seems I am delightfully mistaken on this front.’
Still, with the Beast Candidate there, even his usual method of relaxing by brewing coffee
was interrupted. Draco had a habit of appearing out of nowhere and when he least expected

it, usually to make some remark or observation – and one particular remark about Mash while
he was talking with her drew his ire.
It reminded him far too much of Kamoshida, especially when they fought against his shadow
with that disgusting drink in his hand.
‘Hm, a man who indulged to the point of hideousness,’ Draco mused, reading Ren’s thoughts.
‘I can’t say I despise it, but that is so… banal. Simply gorging one’s self on any morsel like
that is something any human can do. It would be amusing for a time to watch but it would get
boring before long.’
‘And I suppose I’m not in that category?’ Ren commented rhetorically is he watched the
coffee drip.
The Beast Candidate chuckled again. ‘Oh, you are not,’ she retorted with amusement. ‘Even
though you indulge in your sins, it is never to the point of ugliness. They are far greater than
most, even on the scope of heroes and gods, yet you never take the ripe fruits dangling from
you. Instead, you use them to propel yourself through paths filled with thorns and flames,
seize the greater ones, and instead of devouring them, toss them to the masses instead as your
own indulgence.’
Her grin widened as she tilted her head. ‘Still, that does not mean you are immune to said
fruits,’ she whispered. ‘After all, Mash Kyrielight… she reminds me of a plum, a rather lovely
fruit whether you wish to make it into a most delectable wine or simply bite into its succulent
flesh. And a fruit like that would suit the insatiable appetites of a Trickster like yourself,
wouldn’t you agree? One such as you only deserves-‘
‘And that’s where I’m going to stop you,’ the Phantom Thief shot down as he poured out the
coffee into two mugs. ‘Mash isn’t some fruit for me to take or ‘devour’. She’s a person, one
who’s still learning and growing on how she wants to do things. And all I’m doing is giving a
helpful nudge.’
‘But of course,’ Draco easily accepted. ‘Yet even you are not immune to the lure: that night
when she drunk herself into a stupor and you passed the night with her as she slept, you were
smiling, were you not? With your hardships, trials, and successes, only the finest fruits are
worthy of you. And even now, you are seeing what ground she might blossom in, where she
might swell until she is fit to burst with sweet juice, all for you.’
Ren threw an irritated glare as the Beast Candidate hopped down from her perch. ‘You have a
marvelous approach, Trickster,’ she cooed with a smile. ‘Just be aware that it is your hand
that decides where she grows and when she is properly ripe for plucking – another
indulgence of yours, perhaps? Regardless, I shall be most interested in what you shall do.”
With that, she walked away, trailing a finger – no, a claw up his arm before she walked past
him, and her presence vanished.
The Phantom Thief could only sigh in resignation as he reached for a tray. He thought he
knew what he was getting into, but it seemed things were only going to get more difficult
from here. Filling up the mugs, he placed them on the tray while tucking the package under
his arm and began carefully making his way toward Mash’s room.

Still, what Draco had whispered haunted his mind. Was this his selfishness? To simply have
her to develop so that he could simply reap the benefits for himself later down the line? Mash
was a blank slate in many ways and as such was incredibly subject to the influences around
her. His influence was especially prominent as her senpai in life and her Master. The Beast
Candidate had a point on that front.
He bitterly recalled Joan’s initial accusations of him: Modifying her to someone who was
more ‘fitting’ for their – or in this case, his own – needs. He never wished to make such a
mistake again.
The Phantom Thief glanced down at the package he held and took a deep breath to reassure
himself. No. This wasn’t for his own benefit – or at least, it would be in a different way. It
wouldn’t be the way Draco expected, and it would be far more for Mash than for himself. In
that sense, everyone wins. He’d certainly get what he ultimately wanted in the end. Reaching
Mash’s room, he pressed the panel and waited to be buzzed in.
Who said selfishness couldn’t be helpful to others?
Mash smiled delightedly as Ren walked in, holding a tray with two coffees – though her
smile faded as she took a closer look at her senpai. As everyone had been worrying about, he
looked more haggard than he seemed over the screen, with dark shadows looming under his
eyes and paling skin. However, his grey eyes were as sharp as ever and his grin was still
bright and charming.
“Sorry for the short notice, Mash,” he apologized as he carefully walked in.
Broken out of her reverie, the Shielder immediately shook her head. “Oh, no, it’s nothing to
apologize for,” she reassured him with a smile. Then she noticed a small bundle he held
underneath his arm. “Would you like some help, senpai?” she asked.
Ren nodded with a grin. “Sure,” he replied. Mash immediately walked over and took the tray
from her senpai, placing it on her open desk as he set the bundle down nearby. The Shielder
had always kept her own room clean – unlike with Ritsuka, she didn’t have many personal
belongings to clutter it up – but she had also requested a robot to come in and clean it before
her arrival anyway. It didn’t hurt to be sure.
In the meantime, the Phantom Thief sat down in the chair, setting down the bundle next to
him and had it lean against the desk leg. Even muffled, she could hear the faint clink of metal
as it rested against the floor and leg. It only aroused her curiosity more. What did her senpai
have? Was it some sort of new tool or project he had been working on? Perhaps it was a joint
project with El-Melloi? But she withheld her questions for now. She could ask later.
As she sat down on the bed, Ren handed her a cup of coffee. Smiling in gratitude, she slowly
sipped the brew, taking care not to scald her tongue. The taste was mellow, with a surprising
sweetness to it that she hadn’t expected, yet soft enough that it didn’t adversely impact the
flavor profile. It didn’t taste like the sweetness of sugar, however. Was it from the coffee
itself? It was certainly different, though still pleasant.

“How is it?” Ren asked, peering over the top of his cup with a knowing smile.
Mash smiled as she lowered her own mug. “It’s delicious, senpai,” she answered with a warm
smile. “Until you had made coffee, I wasn’t aware they could all be so… different. I believed
it all tasted bitter. I wasn’t sure how others could really bear with it and drink it strictly to
help themselves stay awake, akin to medicine.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “It’s what happens with instant coffee,” he explained. “Most of
beans are carelessly roasted to the point that they’re burnt, ground up, and left to sit around
for gods know how long. No surprise it tastes like crap afterward. But hey, if you need access
and affordability, then they’re a go-to for a reason.” He shrugged as he took another sip of his
coffee.
“Many of the staff have stated they couldn’t go back to the instant coffee after your brews,
senpai,” the Shielder added.
“So I hear,” Ren agreed with a wry smile. “Maybe I should use that as blackmail material: cut
off access for anyone who doesn’t do things like properly eat their food or get some sleep.”
Mash giggled. “I don’t believe you would be that cruel, senpai,” she retorted.
“Now, now, let’s not be so hasty,” Ren interjected, his grin widening. “It’s a good thing to add
on to my resume. Ren Amamiya: Coffee Magnate of Chaldea. I can even have people back
me up on that with a few… compromises. It has a nice ring to it, don’t you think?”
The Shielder’s eyes widened. Her mind raced as she tried to figure out how to properly
answer it without offending her senpai before Ren burst out laughing. “S-sorry, sorry,” he
chuckled. “I had to mess with you a little, Mash. It’s a bit embarrassing you took it so
seriously. Funny though.”
Mash’s mouth dropped open slightly, then she pouted. “It’s not very nice to tease your
kouhai, senpai,” she grumbled as she took another sip from her coffee – and to hide her own
smile. Conversations like these, jokes and teasing, and learning about various things from
Ren… they filled her heart with a warmth she hadn’t expected before, yet she found herself
wanting more of each time. It was a good feeling.
“How does it feel fighting, Mash?” Ren asked out of curiosity. “I’m guessing it’s quite a
change of pace.”
The Shielder glanced up in slight surprise and thought about it. “It’s… been an experience,
senpai,” she answered. “That time in the Fuyuki singularity was the first time I’ve really
fought, though I didn’t think much about it. I just wanted to find you, senpai. And any other
survivors. After that, I guess… it just came naturally.”
The Phantom Thief smiled. “Know that feeling,” he agreed. “Me and my friends went
through something similar when we first Awakened our personas. Everything was basically a
whirlwind afterward, but we muddled through as best we can. Still can’t believe we
succeeded at times.” That surprised Mash, but she could understand. Victory was rarely a

guaranteed thing no matter how capable a person was. Thus, she trained and persevered to
make sure they would succeed.
“Out of curiosity,” Ren asked. “What are you planning to do after all this is done? Got
anything specific in mind?”
“I never thought of any plans after this, senpai,” she admitted automatically. “I most likely
will remain at Chaldea as a staff member.” For some reason, though her hands were wrapped
around the warm mug of coffee, they felt ice cold.
Even as she had answered her senpai with a response she had made countless times,
something was… off. That question was one she had never truly contemplated. She never had
reason to: after all, there was nothing for her after ‘everything’. What they were doing now,
the Grand Order, was her everything. Did she want to tell him why? Could she tell him?
No. Her senpai had already shown greatly his own capabilities and yet he had so many of his
own burdens. There was no reason to tell him, especially when her own fate was set in stone.
She accepted that long ago. Hadn’t she?
“No plans?” Ren echoed in mild surprise. His sharp grey eyes, normally mesmerizing for her
to see, felt like they could see right through her. His gaze felt like they could discern the truth
of the matter if he simply observed hard enough. She could no longer meet his eyes on the
chance that was actually possible. She couldn’t afford him finding out. Neither of them could.
“It’s a big, wide world, Mash,” the Phantom Thief continued, his tone gentler. “Isn’t there
something you want to experience? Something you want to go for?”
The girl opened her mouth slightly, then closed it again. Her senpai was right. It was a huge
wide world for her, and all she saw of it was through a screen of a computer or TV or heard
about from others. But those were all for other people, not for ones like her. Especially not
for her. It wasn’t forbidden to have desires or ambitions, sure, but… they would be pointless
to her, wouldn’t they?
“Then why do you fight?” Ren prodded. “I know we have a mission for all of mankind, but…
that can’t be it, can it? The shield you wield… is it just for us? To protect others and help
them? What about for yourself?”
“If push came to shove, if nothing else mattered, would you use that shield to protect Mash
Kyrielight?”
The silence that followed was deafening. Everything her senpai said… he was right. Her
mission – no, her existence was dedicated to the Grand Order, to humanity. Her own desires,
her own wishes… she didn’t have any. Not because she wasn’t allowed to have them, but
because there was simply nothing she wanted. Chaldea was where she was born, where she
would live… and where she would die. She was content with that. She was supposed to be
content with that.
And yet there was a new unease in her heart that she never felt before. A howling deep within
that was quiet yet couldn’t be silenced. What was it? Why did she feel this way?

“What… what are you trying to say, senpai…?” she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.
Ren smiled sadly. “I’m not trying to say anything,” he murmured, barely any louder in turn.
“It’s just something to think about. Not for me or anyone else, but for yourself. Like I said,
Mash, it’s a big, wide world out there once everything’s restored.”
The girl blinked in surprise before lowering her head in consideration. “Is… is that okay,
senpai?” she whispered. “We do have a mission still. And… personal ambitions or desires,
especially my own, shouldn’t be considered. It may jeopardize everything, after all.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled in amusement. “That only happens if you let it get the best of
you,” he corrected. “But as for whether it’s okay or not, only you can really decide that. And
in my personal opinion, I think you’re more than capable of balancing things out: What’s
good for the mission, what’s good for others, and what’s good for you.”
“Then… what should these desires be, senpai?” she inquired.
Ren shook his head. “That, I can’t answer,” he replied. “What you want, what your desires
are, they’re your goals and yours alone. No one can – or should – decide that for you.” The
girl couldn’t help but be a bit disappointed by that response. Her senpai was right, of course,
but she was muddling in the dark. These kinds of questions didn’t have easy answers.
Her ruminations were interrupted as the Phantom Thief nodded over to the bundle, still
innocuously leaning against the desk leg. “And to help with that, I prepared a little something
for you. Your shield may be used for others but this one? It’s for you to use as you will. No
more, and definitely no less.”
Mash’s eyes widened as her eyes flicked over to the bundle. A gift from her senpai? She
never expected to receive anything like that. “I…” she stammered. “Th-thank you, sen-“
“Don’t thank me,” Ren cut her off, looking back at her with a smile. “The gift is selfishness
on my part: My desire to see you grow and walk your own path. It’s your life, Mash. It’s up
to you to decide what to do with it in the end. As for me, I’ll back you up how I can.” While
he spoke, he carefully lifted up the bundle and offered it with both hands.
The girl stared wide-eyed at the bundle for a moment before slowly reaching for it. Her own
desires? Her own goals? What could they be? What should they be? She could align herself
with her senpai’s goals but from their conversation, he wouldn’t approve of that. The Grand
Order was important, but to call its completion ‘her desire’ didn’t feel right. All in all, it
shouldn’t matter whatsoever… and yet that unquenchable howling in her heart demanded
otherwise.
What had her senpai done?
Slowly and reverently, she picked up the bundle. It was light yet for some reason it felt
almost unbearably heavy – a paradoxical feeling she didn’t know how to describe. It almost
felt like she was bearing the weight of fate itself in her hands. The feeling was both aweinspiring and intimidating.

Mash glanced over at Ren, who simply smiled enigmatically. Gulping, she slowly unwrapped
it, the cloth falling away – and gasped at what she saw.
What she held in her hands was a sword. No – to call it a sword was to grossly understate it.
The cross guard was gold and inlaid with white, almost radiating with divinity even under the
clinical lighting of Chaldea. The grip was just wide enough for two hands if necessary and
wrapped with a solid piece of black leather without any stitches or stain, as dark as a
moonless night. The pommel was a solid gold piece, etched in a pattern that resembled a
crown.
The blade itself was approximately a meter long. It was thin, more akin to a rapier blade than
a longsword, with a point to match. Yet for all its delicacy, she could feel the strength and
resilience just from sight alone as it gleamed brilliantly, cold and harsh. The light shifted with
even the slightest motion, warping around the fuller and ridge, bedazzling her gaze. Fou, who
had been asleep on the bed, had woken up and was staring at it in similar amazement and
wonder.
In terms of design, it was a simple sword with minimal embellishments. However, it was
without a doubt one of the most beautiful things she had ever seen. Mash could only
wordlessly look up at Ren in shock, unable to even form words of gratitude for the treasure
that lay in her hands.
The Phantom Thief in return grinned. “Give it a try,” he suggested.
The Shielder could only gulp and give a hesitant nod in response, slowly turning back to the
sword. She slowly and fully unwrapped the weapon, revealing its full brilliance to the outside
world. Her fingers slowly trailed down the blade, the cold metal almost burning underneath
her touch, before finding the grip and taking a firm hold.
As she tossed aside the cloth, the sword felt… familiar in her hands. It resonated with her in
ways that she couldn’t put into words. Stepping back to make some space, she held the sword
up in a ready stance. Taking a deep breath, she raised the sword in the air, taking care not to
hit the ceiling. It felt light yet odd in her grip.
Then she sliced down. The blade sliced through the air with a faint whistle that was pleasing
to hear. She could practically envision the sword cleaving through whatever obstacle was in
front of her as easily as it had cleaved through air just now. It was, without a shadow of a
doubt, a marvelous blade.
And yet, despite everything, it didn’t feel like it fit her. It felt like a foreign implement in her
hand, something that both belonged yet it didn’t. Was it because she was a mere novice with
a sword, or was it because of the weight it held, both literally and figuratively? For her duties,
her shield had more often than not proven more than adequate. What would she do with this
sword? What could she do?
She gulped, hearing her heart hammer against her chest, and took a breath to calm down.
These were questions she could contemplate later. For now, as a gift from her senpai, she
would need to cherish it. The first thing she would need was a scabbard for it. No doubt Da
Vinci would be able to figure out something for her. The last thing she needed was for the

sword to lose its sharpness and luster. And after that, she would need to amend her training
regimen so she could properly practice with it. But first…
“S-senpai, I… it’s…” she stammered, trying to get the words out. There was so much she
wanted to tell him: That she deeply appreciated the sword, that she would keep his words and
counsel in her heart, that she would fight alongside him to the very end… so many words and
thoughts rushed through her mind that she couldn’t possibly voice them all even if she had all
day to. In the end, she could only push out two simple words out of her mouth.
“Thank you,” she whispered.
In that moment, Ren took in all of Mash’s features: the gleam in her eyes, the strength of her
form and figure wielding the sword, her breathlessness… and her smile. It was something he
would never forget.
He smiled again. “Again, don’t,” he reassured her as he stood up. “It’s just my selfishness.
Everything after this, it’s all you. I’m looking forward to it, Mash.” Taking up the tray with
the now empty mugs, he stepped out of the room. Mash could only stare at the retreating
figure of Ren before the door hissed closed. His footsteps became fainter and fainter, and
soon she was left alone once again.
Mash looked back down at the sword. Picking the cloth back up, she carefully wrapped up
the sword – albeit with great reluctance. Ren’s words were still fresh in her mind. She had
much to think about. But right now, there were things she could do. If her senpai had placed
his trust in her, then she would pay back that faith a thousand times over. And most
importantly, it was another step to properly being able to stand at his side. Nodding to herself
in determination, she began making her way to Da Vinci’s workshop.
It was a simple desire and goal, she admitted to herself. But for now, it would do.
“You think she took it well?” Morgana asked.
“I think so,” Ren replied as he wiped off some sweat off his forehead. “She probably has a lot
to think about at this point, but what’s left is something only she can do. I’ll be able to help
her out however I can, though hopefully she’ll ask others as well.”
After giving the sword to Mash, Ren went to the training room to run a few experiments with
his magecraft. Morgana joined him soon afterward, observing his progress from a distance.
Draco thankfully had been quiet – it seemed she was currently content to simply observe and
watch everything as opposed to talking again. Whatever her opinion was on how he handled
Mash, he didn’t know nor care.
Still, her words served as a warning for Ren. He had to be careful with his actions and words
around Mash. With how impressionable she was, it would have been utterly, disgustingly
easy to warp and shape her how he wished even unintentionally. It was the kind of power
over a person he abhorred and would sooner surrender it if he could help it. Hopefully, this
would be the first step for Mash to be her own person.

And if her decision was to stand by him still… well, he could only be touched and accept her
gratitude. So long it was her own decision and not one influenced or forced on her by himself
or others.
Draco’s quiet giggle resonated deep in his mind, causing him to bitterly smile. As she had
said, it was still his hand, but at least he could leave her to grow how she wished.
“Arsene!” he called out once more. His other self burst forth with a sonorous laugh before
pointing at a target dummy. A fountain of darkness erupted from beneath it, engulfing it in
dark energy before it faded away. As the persona vanished, Ren breathed out a sigh of
irritation as he felt his energy drop a bit more. Thankfully Arsene was perfect for working
with as he was easily the least costly of his personas, but that didn’t help his annoyance any.
He had been trying to adjust his persona spells and see if he could at least either lower the
magical energy consumption or increase the output. He had made no progress on either front:
Whether he had the spell working at full blast or made it so it would barely even tickle, the
magical energy usage barely differed. And no matter what he tried, he couldn’t pass the
maximum power threshold of his spells.
“Normally I’d ask if it was a good idea to give something so valuable to someone else,” the
catlike being sighed. “But, well, it’s Mash we’re talking about. I don’t think even Makoto or
Sumire would be as earnest as her, and that’s saying something.”
Ren chuckled, picking up a bottle of water. “They’d love to meet her, I know that much,” he
remarked. His best friend was right to be mildly skeptical – the sword he gifted her was
incredibly valuable. Using the standard he had gotten from the Roman singularity, he had the
Velvet Room craft the weapon using two ingredients. The first was a plain, undecorated
sword, courtesy of Da Vinci. It served as the ‘base’ of the weapon, devoid of any cognition
and properties.
The Phantom Thief recalled that moment when he made the request of the genius with
amusement. He had to be incredibly clear and specific with Da Vinci that the sword was to be
made without any additional embellishments, no garishness, absolutely none of her usual
trademarks. While he had more than enough faith in the Uomo Universale to create it, seeing
her expression morph between confusion, amusement, and sheer bewilderment had been
remarkable.
The second ingredient was a different matter entirely: A cognitive copy of the Holy Grail
from the Thieves Den. Not the Grails he had been collecting throughout the Grand Order, but
the Treasure of the masses of Tokyo: Yaldabaoth’s true form. The sheer amount of power
radiating from it even as a cognitive copy had been astounding, to the point where he wasn’t
even sure he could bring it into the Velvet Room. But he could and did. The results had been
nothing short of spectacular.
He had to smile in reminiscence. While the image of an electric chair wasn’t something that
normally brought anyone warm feelings, he still remembered when he made all his friends’
greatest weapons and armor. Their delight – and subsequent excitement – was matched only
by his own. He couldn’t wait to see what Mash would do with her own weapon in turn – and
what answer she would ultimately arrive at.

“So, what are you gonna do now?” Morgana asked.
Ren grinned as he set down his bottle. “What I always do,” he answered easily. “Make all the
preparations needed so when the time comes, we’ll all be ready for them.”
The catlike being stared at Ren silently. His words were cheerful as always and his eyes were
sharp as ever. Everything about his best friend seemed as good as ever. Yet he could still see
the dark shadows underneath Ren’s eyes that wouldn’t disappear. He looked leaner than usual
too; was it because of his exercise regime, stress, or malnutrition? It was possible it was all of
them at once. Over and over again, he stressed that Ren should take care of himself. And over
and over again, Ren replied he was fine.
What else could he say now?
“Something the matter, Mona?” Ren asked, looking over at him in curiosity and concern.
Morgana simply sighed in resignation, doing his best to mask his despondency. “Just a bit
tired,” he murmured. “I’m gonna go take a nap. Don’t overwork yourself, okay, Joker?”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “I’ll try not to,” he easily agreed.
‘You will,’ he bitterly thought to himself as he walked off.
After Morgana left, he continued his experiments, making notes in a nearby notebook so he
could share his findings with El-Melloi in hopes of a breakthrough. After a while, he sat
down heavily on a nearby bench and sighed heavily. Picking up his notebook, he scanned
through it to look for common threads.
So far, he had made no progress on naturally surpassing the damage thresholds of his spells.
The only ways to do so were to enhance his abilities via persona magic – which used magical
power as well and thus, defeated the entire purpose. He would check in with El-Melloi about
that one but in his opinion, this line of inquiry was a dead end.
Then there was the other method. While he can vary the power and magical energy usage of
his spells, the lion’s share of the energy used was just to manifest his personas. The bigger
and/or more powerful the personas, the more magical energy they used in turn. If he could
cut down even a portion of the energy used to manifest his personas, then perhaps he would
be able to…
A portion…
Ren’s eyes shot wide open as an idea came to him. If summoning his personas were what was
taking up so much energy, then what if he just manifested a part of them? Logically, he would
cut down on the energy consumption and that part would still serve as a conduit for any
persona spells. It was all hypothetical, but the concept seemed promising.
Opening a new page in his notebook, he wrote down the idea in preparation while switching
masks in his mind back to Arsene. It was better to stick with his other self for such a new
idea as a control variable. Standing up, he took a deep breath in preparation. Reaching out

with his hand, he envisioned Arsene, then focused on the claw. Just the claw, nothing else.
His circuits began glowing as he tore the mask off in his mind.
There was a sputter of blue flame, and the claw of his other self manifested. However, there
were blue flames past the forearm that tried to manifest more of Arsene, forcing Ren to
mentally halt the process. For a split second, his attention wavered, and the resulting arm
vanished. The Phantom Thief huffed in annoyance. As expected, his energy didn’t drop as
much with just manifesting the arm, but that wouldn’t mean anything if he couldn’t keep it
stable.
After writing down the results, he tried again. Experimenting with the concept, he tried to
manifest different parts of Arsene: From his top hat to his wings to his heels. He also tried
different methods such as mentally enforcing the parts as ‘its own’ being rather than being
part of a persona, but that proved fruitless: So long as its identity was ‘part of a persona’, then
it would try to manifest the rest of the persona regardless of what label he tried to stick on.
In the end, all Ren had was a page of scribbled out notes, experiments, and his hypothesis
that had question marks surrounding it in frustration. The Phantom Thief sat back down with
an annoyed huff as he took another sip of water and began thinking again. There was
something he was missing, something both incredibly simple and yet illusive. But what was
it…?
“I see you’re hard at work, Master.”
Ren jumped slightly in surprise and whirled about to see Artoria. “Yeah, just… trying to
figure some stuff out about my magecraft,” he answered with a tired smile. “I’m close to
figuring something out – I think – but I’m missing a final step here.”
The King of Knights nodded pensively. She pointed at his notebook. “May I?” she asked.
After the Ren handed it to her, she perused it, her green eyes calm and analytical. It certainly
reminded her of the lessons she had with Merlin back in life. She never had the patience to
truly delve into such arts, but having such knowledge rarely went amiss. “I see you’ve been
narrowing down possibilities and methods,” she mused.
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “Reminds me of science classes all over again,” he
commented. “Been a while since I did experiments like this. It’s more interesting than
dissections, at least.”
Artoria chuckled at the comment in turn. “So I see,” she replied, putting down the notebook.
“If you are stuck at a critical junction, then perhaps I can offer a particular method? It has
assisted many of my knights at times when faced with similar conundrums.”
Ren glanced up in curiosity. “Oh?” he asked. “Some form of brainstorming or thinking
technique?”
The king smiled wryly. “In a manner of speaking,” she replied vaguely. Walking over to a
nearby rack filled with practice weapons, she picked up a wooden longsword. She whirled it
in her grip to test the balance and nodded with approval.

The Phantom Thief quickly put two and two together. “Ah, that method, huh?” he remarked
with some amusement as he got up and went to the rack as well, grabbing a wooden
shortsword.
Artoria nodded. “At times, it is better to allow your body to move and fight,” she elaborated.
“While your mind does the work without you fussing over it like a worried hen. And aside
from that, you haven’t had much chance to further hone your martial skills as of late, have
you?”
“Guilty as charged,” Ren admitted with a grin. He had been so busy with other matters that
he hadn’t been able to practice properly fighting. At least with Artoria as a sparring partner
and teacher, he would be able to make up for that. Plus, she did have a point: Perhaps
stepping away and moving his body would allow his mind to put together the pieces he was
missing in the background.
“Go easy on me,” he said, taking his usual battle stance. “I’m a bit rusty.”
“Nonsense,” the king retorted, lifting her blade. “A few hard knocks will more than shake it
off. Now, let us begin.”
Ren smirked. For a moment, neither of them moved. A gentle breeze blew by as the two
combatants locked eyes, observing and reading their opponent. He adjusted the grip on his
shortsword – then charged. A simple attack, but it would be a good way for him to figure out
the king’s capabilities and go from there.
As he closed the distance, Artoria made no move, either to dodge, defend, or even retaliate.
He got closer and she still didn’t move. Then he was almost on her. As he began to swing
down, the king suddenly stepped toward him – and Ren found himself gasping and doubling
over as the cross guard of her sword rammed into his solar plexus.
“I truly hope you didn’t expect that to land, Ren Amamiya,” she admonished, her tone stern
as she pushed his chest, forcing him to stumble back. Ren winced as he held the area she
struck, forcing air into his lungs as he straightened himself up. That stung a lot more than he
expected. As he regained his composure and stance, the king lifted her blade once more.
“Again,” she commanded.
The Phantom Thief grit his teeth. Right, a frontal assault wouldn’t work. He began slowly
circling around, trying to take Artoria’s flank. She easily moved at the same pace, keeping
him in front of her. Once more, the two observed one another, discerning their advantages
and planning their moves.
Then in the blink of an eye, Artoria initiated. Ren raised his shortsword in slight panic as she
closed the distance far faster than he expected. With a single uppercut, her sword struck his
wrist, forcing him to throw up his weapon with a cry of pain. Before he could recover, the
king brought her blade back down right on his shoulder, the force of the blow pushing him
down to his knees. “And I should not have been able to land that,” the king admonished once
more.

Ren shook his hand to get the soreness out of his wrist as his shoulder throbbed. As the Saber
backed off, he walked over to retrieve his shortsword. “Do not believe you can take me
lightly, Master,” the king lectured. “While you are very capable, you are also distracted. A
moment’s lapse of concentration is fatal on the battlefield – a fact I believe you are more than
aware of.”
“Heh, I am,” the Phantom Thief gasped out as he picked up his weapon. “But… guess I
needed the reminder.” She was right: he had been thinking in the background about his work
and research. To do anything short of dedicating his entire being to the fight – body, mind,
and soul – was not only not enough, but it was insulting and a waste of time to them both. He
quietly switched personas in his mind and tore off his mask.
“Pixie.”
The fairy persona appeared once more and pointed at Ren. A green glow emanated from him
as the pain receded from his body, the bruises underneath his clothes vanishing. As Pixie
vanished, he breathed a sigh of relief, rolled his shoulders, and settled back into his regular
stance with a smirk. “Shall we take it from the top?” he asked.
A faint smile graced Artoria’s features. “Let’s,” she agreed.
Ren charged again, and the king once more didn’t move. As he was almost on her, she once
more thrust her cross guard forward – only to be met this time with Ren’s shortsword. A brief
grin was all she glimpsed before he placed a hand on her shoulder and, using the momentum
from his charge, flipped himself over her.
Once he was right above her, he removed his supporting hand and allowed himself to drop,
slashing straight down at the king’s head. Artoria stepped forward, dodging the shortsword
by a hair’s breadth and whipped around with her blade, forcing Ren to backflip away and
barely avoid getting caught by the counter. “Better,” she called out with a smile. “Though I
believe you have more tricks than that.”
The Phantom Thief stood back up with a daring grin. “Who knows?” he replied as he
casually spun the shortsword in his grip. “All I can say is, you’re gonna enjoy the show!”
The King of Knights grinned. This time, they charged simultaneously. Artoria brought up her
sword in a wide arc, which Ren dodged by sliding right under the swing past her. Whirling
the shortsword into a reverse grip, he partially turned and stabbed toward her back – a move
that was blocked by the king intercepting his forearm with her own.
Before Ren could properly react, she adjusted the grip on the sword, grabbing hold of it by
the ricasso – and noticed her Master’s free hand fiddling with something that wasn’t there.
She frowned slightly but followed through regardless by ramming the pommel into his side,
causing him to double over again. Grasping the ricasso with her other hand as well, she
slammed the cross guard down on his upper back and sent him sprawling.
“Good,” Artoria declared. “But not enough. Again.” As Ren stumbled back up and they both
made distance, the king thought back to his maneuver. It was only a single observation,

enough that she had an inkling of what might be holding Ren’s capabilities back here, but she
decided to keep quiet for now.
The bout went in a similar manner: They charged one another again, this time with Artoria
swinging down from a high stance. Ren raised his shortsword in a loose guard, guiding her
blade past him before swinging for her face. The king ducked to avoid it and once again
noticed his other hand was being hesitant and fiddling once more. She lashed out with her
blade and struck her Master behind the knee, forcing him to kneel. Before he could recover,
the king’s sword was at his throat.
They both stayed there for a while, Ren gasping for breath from his exertions. “You are not
used to fighting with a singular weapon, are you?” she asked rhetorically. “Your stance and
maneuvers, coupled with how your off hand always seems to be active – you typically fight
with a secondary weapon, I take it?”
The Phantom Thief blinked in response, then chuckled. “Got it in one,” he confirmed. “I fight
with a gun and personas as well, so… this style of fighting is new to me. Just thought I’d give
this a shot, see if I can at least improve on that front.”
“I see,” Artoria mused as she withdrew her blade. This time, she reached out to help Ren up.
“Why do you push yourself so?” she asked.
The question surprised Ren slightly. “Well, just in case,” he replied. “There may be situations
where I can’t rely solely on a gun or my personas, so having a bit more experience with
knifework is important, after all.”
“That may be,” the king agreed. “And yet if the opportunity presents itself that you can use
every advantage that avails you, why do you not seize it? Why do you continue to push
yourself down a path where the worst may or may not even come to pass?”
The Phantom Thief’s eyes narrowed slightly. “What exactly are you getting at, Artoria?” he
asked slowly.
Artoria frowned slightly in response. “Exactly what I said,” she simply responded. “You are
pushing yourself harder and harder down your path to prevent the worst outcome from
coming to pass – a commendable attitude, undoubtedly, but it is not without its demerits.
Why?”
Ren stared at Artoria’s calm eyes. He could see her concern within, but no judgement nor
reservation. And he could also see… sympathy? That was something he hadn’t expected
from her. For a moment, he considered brushing it off again – then Lavenza’s words echoed
in his mind: how honesty could be a strength as well.
He could only sigh to himself as he ran a hand through his sweaty hair. If there was any time
to use it, then he could certainly do a lot worse than with someone as wise and knowing as
Artoria Pendragon of all people.
“Because I’m basically humanity’s last shot,” he admitted bluntly. “If I fail here or die, then
that’s it. Humanity’s gone. So I need to improve what I’m strong at and shore up any

weaknesses, anything to improve our chances of winning. And if that means I have to power
on through even when I feel like collapsing, then that’s what I’m gonna do.”
He shambled over to the bench once again and sat down hard with a huff, wiping some sweat
from his brow. “I’m guessing you’re going to tell me to relax as well?” he asked rhetorically.
Artoria said nothing for a moment. If anything, the sympathy in her eyes was even greater.
“No, I shall not,” she finally replied. “I simply believe the path you tread is a tragic one, no
matter how noble or worthy it is. One that is fraught with much loss… and you would not
even realize it until you look back far too late.”
Ren noticed the sadness in her voice. “There’s a story there, I take it,” he noted.
The king’s eyes slowly looked down at the practice sword in her hand. Even now, after all
this time, she could still feel the sting of blisters from constantly swinging one as she trained
in her childhood, all so she could be ready for her destiny. Forgoing childish hobbies.
Forgoing her family. Forgoing her life.
Forgoing her humanity.
“To become a king,” she murmured quietly. “I pushed myself to the utmost limit. Combat,
war, politics, economics, history, engineering… Countless hours I have spent without
ceasing, without resting. Even my sleep was not spared – Merlin continued to tutor and
lecture me in my dreams, allowing me to make the most of my time.”
The last sentence sent a cold shiver down Ren’s back. This was no different than him
modifying and experimenting with the Thieves Den or attended Olga and Lavenza’s lectures
about demons and personas while he slept.
“By the time the crown was placed upon my head, I had become the ideal king,” Artoria
continued, her eyes misting over slightly in reminiscence. “I would be ready to lead Camelot
no matter what may assail the kingdom. I do not regret my path nor my choices – if I was in
front of the sword in the stone, I would draw it without hesitation once more. But…”
Her hands closed tightly around the blade. “I had forgotten what I had enjoyed,” she
whispered. “What I had loved before. I had forgotten my friends. My own brother had
become no closer to me than simply one of my knights. I embraced my role as the King of
Knights so deeply that I forgot everything I had been before.”
She looked back up at Ren, meeting his grey eyes with an unreadable gaze. “If you wish to
walk this path, Ren Amamiya, I shall not stop you,” she stated. “But I would have you know
at the very least what it shall cost you in the end. Whether you believe that to be an
acceptable trade, I leave it to you.”
The Phantom Thief was silent as he wrestled with his own thoughts. It seemed Artoria had
done basically the exact same thing he did… and lost everything she was for the result. She
was a noble, wise, powerful king now, but she had made countless sacrifices to do so – and it
was clear he would be doing the same thing. Would he stop after the world was restored?

What would he lose if he continued as he was now? What would he gain? It was his life for
all of humanity and the world. Logically, it was obvious what he should do.
And yet… was that ultimately what he wanted?
“You’ve given me a lot to think about,” was the only thing Ren could say.
Artoria nodded sympathetically. “I had hoped it would,” she replied in kind. “You have my
counsel. I shall take my leave.” She picked up the practice weapons and moved to put them
away.
“Hey, Artoria?” Ren called out.
“Yes?”
“Do you mind if we make this a more regular thing?” he asked. “Whether it’s sparring
sessions or just talking in general – it seems to help clear my head up. Plus, you’re right. I do
need practice.”
The king’s eyes widened slightly in surprise, then she smiled. “I’m glad the method has
proved fruitful for you,” she replied. “If that is the case, then I shall be more than happy to.
On one condition, however.”
“What would that be?” Ren asked.
“That next time, you do not fight me in such a half-hearted manner,” the king stated.
“Whatever you need to fight at your full potential, do so, and I shall respond in kind. I
believe the results would be more fruitful if you do.”
Her eyes slightly narrowed as the atmosphere around them grew slightly colder. “I would be
most… displeased if you do not,” she added at the end.
The Phantom Thief gulped in response at the non-subtle threat. “I’ll definitely make sure of
that,” he replied quickly. He mentally noted to pick up his Chaldean Arms next time he
wanted to spar with Artoria. Despite his current fear, he was curious and a little excited to see
how he would fare against her. It would definitely be an experience to remember.
Artoria nodded. “Good,” she replied with satisfaction. “I leave you to your devices. Please do
take care of yourself, Master.” Once she had put the weapons away, she vanished into motes
of golden light, leaving the Phantom Thief alone once more.
Within his heart, Ren felt that familiar warmth as yet another arcana formed: Temperence.
Well, that was a new one here. Still, he welcomed it. He wondered what lessons Artoria
would impart on him? It would certainly be different than his last Temperance arcana.
For a moment, he had the image of Artoria in a maid outfit. It was certainly a better fit for her
than Kawakami was…
Across time and space, a certain teacher sneezed.

Chapter End Notes

If you have questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll get
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/4rU8dNP3uK

Chapter 108: Lessons
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Seven. Eight. Nine.”
“Damnit, damnit, damnit!"
Ritsuka looked around her in a panic. The forest, normally a calm and serene environment to
her, was nothing more than an obstruction. Arrows darted through the branches and leaves on
all sides, finding marks in the soldiers around her as they fell one by one. They shouted at her
for orders as they frantically looked through the woods, trying in vain to find the archers. One
broke rank and began dashing through the woods, screaming – then was hoisted into the air
by the ankle as he was caught by a rope trap. Seconds later, he was riddled with arrows.
“Ten.”
A baby’s loud cry pierced through the air, forcing the mother to cradle her child tighter,
whispering desperate reassurances while holding back her own tears. The civilians were
ducking down, taking cover near whatever trees there were, as they screamed and cried in
panic. Ritsuka looked back at them in panic and worry as she racked her brain to figure out
an answer. Several arrows found their mark among the civilians – and the baby’s cry went
silent.
“Eleven. Twelve.”
She remembered Artoria’s advice. Think of the best solution. And if it wasn’t viable, then go
for the next best option. But what ‘good’ options were there?! The entire forest was seeded
with traps, enemy archers were all around them, and they were escorting civilians! The only
reason they were in this death trap in the first place was because there was an enemy army
pursuing them! There had to be some way to get out of here with the least casualties, but she
didn’t even have time to think – her ruminations interrupted as more soldiers fell to the
arrows.
“Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen.”
The Master felt her throat tighten up. Her lungs felt like they were shrinking. Her vision
swam. It was getting harder and harder to breathe. She could hear her heartbeat in her ears,
loud as a drum. But none of that mattered. She needed to find some way to get all of them out
of this, and fast. There had to be some way, some method, some strategy she could think of.
There had to be somethingThen something struck her in the chest, causing her to stumble slightly. She slowly looked
down and stared in horror at the arrow that stuck out of her chest.
“End simulation.”

Her surroundings flickered and blurred around her, then dissolved back to the usual training
grounds. She stared back down at her chest where the arrow vanished, leaving absolutely no
mark of what she had gone through. Heaving deep breaths, she looked around her as she
clutched at her chest. The gurgling stream in the distance. The dirt that comprised the training
ground, lined with dummies. The nearby forest, unoccupied save for a few simulated
animals.
Footsteps came up behind her, calm and measured. She didn’t even have to turn to know who
it was. She forced a small laugh out of herself. “Th-throwing me right into the deep end, huh,
Archer?” she panted out.
The red-mantled hero’s expression didn’t change. “I merely wanted to give you a small
sample of what you would have to go through,” he explained. “You can be taught as much as
possible, but real battles rarely allow you the luxury of thought. Take a few breaths. Once you
have done so, consider what you could’ve done.”
Ritsuka gulped and took Archer’s advice, focusing on her breathing. Her mind started
clearing up as she did so, becoming easier to think. “Right, um,” she stammered as she
thought back to the situation. “There’s, um. Hm… I should’ve called the soldiers to form up
in a defensive shell around the citizens. Use the trees and their shields to provide extra cover.
But we’re still kind of stuck in the middle of all this. We could charge ahead to get out, um,
but… th-there are traps…”
Finally, she sighed. “I give up,” she admitted, throwing up her hands. “What’s the answer,
Archer? What should I have done?”
Archer stared down at Ritsuka, seeing the impatient gleam in her eyes and the fiery
determination to improve. “It would have been better to simply move ahead,” he responded
bluntly. “Perhaps even set fire to the forest as you did so. I believe the people you had
escorted had some materials to start a fire, did they not? It would’ve been a good way to flush
out your ambushers and slow down the advancing army.”
The Master’s mouth dropped slightly. “B-but… what about th-the traps…?” she stuttered.
“What about them?” Archer stated. The flatness of his tone made it clear that it wasn’t a
question – it was a statement.
Ritsuka blanched at that. “B-but…” she stammered, trying to reconcile the thought. “That
would m-mean that there would be people who would get caught, and-“
“And the casualties would be far lower than if you take your time picking your way through,”
the red-mantled hero interjected. “The realities of war rarely allows for more ‘palatable’
choices – many times it means sacrificing a few here to save the many there. And at times,
vice versa.”
The redhead could only give a horrified stare up at her Servant, who met her gaze with a
dispassionate one of his own. “If you abhor the thought of it, then it is best to make sure such
situations don’t happen in the first place,” he stated. “But your enemies won’t give you that

kind of luxury nor can you factor every variable or scenario. It is best to get used to it so you
can make the call when you need to.”
Taking a shaky breath, she slowly stood up, distracting herself by brushing the dirt off her
legs. “I’m guessing that scenario came from… personal experience?” she murmured.
“Something like that happened, yes,” Archer admitted. “As well as other scenarios that aren’t
as generous. I won’t run you through those ones yet – not until I believe you’re ready for
them.”
“But you will run me through them,” Ritsuka prodded.
The red-mantled hero nodded. “When I believe it necessary, yes,” he confirmed.
The redhead was quiet for a moment. “Have… have you done similar training or exercises
with Ren or Morgana?” she asked softly.
Archer scoffed lightly. “There wouldn’t be a point for them,” he answered flatly.
That caught the girl off guard. “Wh-what do you mean?” she questioned. “Is it because they
already have experience, or…?”
The Servant was silent for a moment, staring at the stream flowing in the distance. “Because
it is unnecessary,” he bluntly stated. “As you have said, they have experience in this kind of
situation and therefore know the most important aspect of it: They would be decisive. Their
solution may not be the one I presented, nor would it be the best one, but they would at least
make a decision and make it work along the way.”
Ritsuka gulped. The image of Ren racing off on his Cerberus to confront Leonidas by himself
was still clear in her mind. “And… and what about me?” she asked faintly.
Archer looked back down at her. “I have seen and heard how you have acted throughout that
Roman singularity,” he replied. “Your plans, your weakness, and your resulting strength. You
wish for a ‘perfect’ victory with your plans where we would risk minimum casualties yet
achieve our objectives. However, you are now more than aware that it isn’t always possible –
and more importantly, that hesitation may cost you more than perfection. I am teaching you
how to prepare for that as necessary.”
She looked down and clenched her fists. “So… what did you think about Astolfo, then…?”
she whispered.
“A good soldier with his own quirks,” he immediately replied. “And who understood the cost
of the battlefield – even if it was his own life. Especially with his own life.”
Ritsuka looked up at him in shock. The red-mantled hero met her eyes with cold stoicism.
“We are Servants,” he stated. “Our existences are ephemeral at best. Our time is long over.
Each and every one of us are willing to die without hesitation for humanity’s sake. It is your
duty then, Master, to make sure that if we must sacrifice ourselves, that it wasn’t in vain.”

The redhead looked down again, processing his words. Everything he said made sense –
when it came to war, she couldn’t afford to hesitate. At least that much was clear. And despite
all her planning, people would die, either by necessity or by some factor they couldn’t expect
or control. She could minimize that, but it would still happen. Especially if she hesitated…
“I think we’re done here for now.”
The Servant’s words caught Ritsuka off-guard. “What?” she stammered.
“Trying to drill further lessons in your head right now would be unproductive,” Archer
elaborated. “We’ll return to similar scenarios tomorrow.
The Master’s mouth dropped as she furiously thought of an argument. On one hand, he was
right and needed time to collect herself properly, to think about what she needed to properly
learn. The fact he had been generous enough to do so shouldn’t be discounted. But on the
other, she felt… defeated. That tiny voice within her that whispered she had failed yet again a feeling that caused no end of frustration.
The red-mantled hero glanced over, noticing the anguish that burned within his Master. It was
an expression he had seen many, many times – particularly whenever he looked into a mirror.
He shoved back his distaste. Ritsuka wasn’t him, nor would she become like him. It was an
understandable frustration for anybody. For now, she had asked him to tutor her in becoming
a better Master, and he would follow through.
“In the meantime, there is one thing you can do,” he remarked.
Ritsuka looked up, then immediately asked, “What can I do?”
The exercise room of Chaldea had been one of the locations that had been thankfully spared
from the initial bombing. Lev had seen no reason to destroy such an unimportant structure
and focused his resources elsewhere. The room and equipment saw frequent usage from the
staff exercising both to keep fit and to take their minds off their situation, if only
momentarily. Roman and Da Vinci had debated making exercise mandatory to ensure the
health of the staff, but it had ultimately turned out unnecessary.
At the moment, most of the staff were busy with their duties or in the lunchroom. A robot
rolled around, taking the opportunity to quietly clean and disinfect the various equipment
while it was mostly empty.
Ritsuka panted as she jogged on the treadmill. The machine was set at a fairly brisk pace,
forcing her to maintain her speed. Her calves and thighs burned underneath the sweatpants
she wore, her body only mildly cooled off from the exposure of wearing a workout tank top.
The exercise gear was also Chaldean standard issue as well – a quick trip to the exercise
room’s stock closet was all that was needed.
The Master hadn’t expected Archer’s suggestion to be exercise, especially since she hadn’t
visited the gym almost at all ever since her arrival at Chaldea. ‘Better physical condition
often leads to better mental acuity,’ he advised. ‘And given the singularities we have entered

so far, increasing and maintaining your stamina is paramount for longer marches and battles.
I would suggest an exercise regimen at the very least.’
Before she knew it, she found herself carried by her own feet here and jogging. Ritsuka
couldn’t argue that Archer had a point: The long marches in the Roman singularity often
wore her out more than she liked, and it was by pure, dumb luck they hadn’t been attacked
when she was exhausted. Still, that wasn’t something she could always count on. Having
more stamina would be crucial, and she would certainly be a lot less tired out if they had to
go on a march like that again.
Besides, she was a squishy regular person without any special powers, unlike Ren or
Morgana – she would need every advantage possible in case an enemy decided to target her.
Sure, it might give her maybe a split second longer at most, but for Servants, that split second
could mean everything.
Ritsuka checked the built-in timer of the treadmill. She had been running for about twenty
minutes – a good enough time for a break as any. Reaching over, she slowed down the
treadmill’s speed until she was at a walking pace as she panted for breath. As she relaxed, she
could feel the pounding of her heart against her chest and the numb soreness of her legs. She
was definitely going to feel all of it tomorrow, if not the next few hours.
Snagging her bottle of water sitting in a holder nearby, she took a drink as she wiped some
sweat from her forehead. How much exercise would she need to do before she saw the
effects? Working out undoubtedly had a lot of benefits, sure, but that took time – the one
thing they probably wouldn’t have. A new singularity could come at any moment, maybe
even the next hour if they were unlucky. If she was an ounce slower, if she ran out of energy
at the wrong moment, if she was too muddled by exhaustion, then what kind of decisions
would she makeRitsuka immediately slapped herself on the cheeks. “Stop that,” she muttered to herself.
“Don’t focus on that. Just get back to training – results will come soon enough. You know
this. You’ve done this before. Don’t rush it and don’t crash. That’s not gonna help anyone,
least of all Ren.”
“A good reminder for yourself, though maybe with a bit less admonishment?”
The redhead jumped slightly and almost tripped over the still-moving treadmill – and looked
over at a concerned Jeanne d’Arc, who had her hands outstretched ready to catch her if she
actually did fall. “O-oh, hey Jeanne,” she greeted in surprise as she tried to recover her
composure. “How long have you been there?”
The saint smiled apologetically and shook her head. “I only just arrived,” she admitted. “I
noticed the exercise room was in use and hadn’t expected you, Master. I hope I’m not
intruding?”
“No, no, not at all,” Ritsuka quickly denied. Turning off the treadmill, she hopped off the
machine while ignoring her shaky legs and grinned at the saint. “Just trying to get some
exercise in. More stamina never hurt anybody. And it might be a good way to have a nice

figure, you know? Have you seen Ren? With all the exercises he does, it’s no wonder he’s
always a treat for the eyes.”
The Ruler smiled while she shook her head. “I’m afraid I haven’t noticed,” she earnestly
replied. “Is it preparation for future missions and sorties as well?”
The Master, who had been reaching over for the dumbbells, froze for a moment before
sighing. “Well, yes, that too,” she confessed as she picked them up. “Considering how tired I
was from all that marching we did back in the Roman singularity, I thought it’d be something
to work on, just in case.”
She picked up the larger dumbbells, weighing them in her hands before putting them down
and going for lighter ones. “Hopefully it’ll do some good,” she murmured before looking
over at Jeanne and grinned. “I might be a Master and very squishy but hey, every tiny bit
helps, right?”
The Ruler nodded in agreement. She observed quietly as Ritsuka finally decided on some
weights she wanted, sat down on a bench, and began lifting them. “Is there something that
troubles you?” Jeanne asked.
The sudden question caught the Master off guard. “Er, no more than usual,” she answered.
“Why do you ask?”
Jeanne shook her head slightly. “I’ve seen similar expressions on my men during my
campaign,” she elaborated softly. “Many of them have come to me or another member of the
clergy, seeking to confess. I don’t believe I have the authority to pardon sins in His name, but
I could at the very least hear them out. Perhaps I can do so here as well.”
The suggestion had Ritsuka gaping slightly as an argument broke out in her mind whether she
wanted to tell her or not. On one hand, she shouldn’t tell her – these were her own problems
and hers alone. She shouldn’t bother anyone else about them. Not Ren, not Mash, not
Morgana, and not the semi-living legends that were Servants. They all had their own burdens
and own troubles. She had no right adding onto them.
But she could see the sincerity in Jeanne’s eyes. They didn’t demand answers, merely
requested them from her. If the Master said no, the saint would simply accept it and leave it at
that. But would she herself be satisfied with that? A Servant was much longer lived and far
more accustomed to such situations she was dealing with. Her experience would undoubtedly
be invaluable.
In the end, she chuckled, the sound both hollow and bitter. “Am I really that obvious?” she
asked rhetorically as she set down the dumbbells and ran a hand through her sweaty hair.
“I’ve been taking lessons from Archer.”
“Oh?” the Ruler asked, moving to sit down beside the redhead.
The Master nodded. “Yeah, thought it’d be a good idea,” she explained. “I’m pretty behind
Ren and Morgana in terms of being a Master. Like I said, I’m just a squishy person. I don’t

even have the awesome powers they have to make myself useful, so I might as well do other
stuff – like strategizing and planning. Seemed to work well back in the Roman singularity.”
She grabbed her water and took a sip while the saint listened silently. “But maybe it was just
beginner’s luck,” she continued with another half-hearted chuckle. “Or maybe I’m just
greedy. I dunno.”
“Why do you say that?” Jeanne asked. “Can you elaborate what these lessons from Archer
are?”
“Nothing too complicated,” Ritsuka answered. “He was teaching me before from things like
Art of War or Thirty-Six Strategies to prep. Then he used the simulator to toss me into a
combat scenario. That last part didn’t go well.”
“Oh?” The saint’s curiosity was piqued. “What was the scenario?”
The redhead explained it: The forest loaded with traps, escorting civilians, the ambushing
archers, her own soldiers, and how they were being pursued – essentially her time limit. “It’s
pretty panic inducing, not gonna lie,” she admitted. “I just kinda froze up like a deer in
headlights as Archer just counted all the people getting killed because I couldn’t make a
decision.”
She rubbed her ice-cold hands together. “It… wasn’t fun,” she finished, her tone quiet.
“I can imagine,” Jeanne replied softly. “What did Archer say at the end of it all?”
Ritsuka gulped. “He…” she hesitantly answered. “He said that I should’ve charged forward
anyway, setting the forest on fire. As for the traps… well, a few would get caught and killed
while the rest escaped. Just… it’s a heavy call.” She looked up at the Ruler. “What do you
think?” she asked plaintively.
The saint was silent for a moment as she pondered. “I agree with him,” she finally answered,
That wasn’t what the Master expected to hear. “What?” she whispered.
“If it was necessary to secure victory or to preserve the lives of as many as possible,” the
Ruler elaborated. “Then I would do so without hesitation. It is… uncommon that battles can
be won without bloodshed or with mere niceties, even less so without risking any of your
own. All too often, blood must be washed with blood before any sort of defining victory can
be achieved.”
Jeanne looked over at Ritsuka, her normally kind purple eyes surprisingly expressionless.
“Does that idea trouble you, Master?” she asked.
The redhead gaped for a moment in sheer shock. She hadn’t expected a saint of all people to
be so… brutal and pragmatic. But then, she was speaking to the legendary Jeanne d’Arc – she
who carried the French banner and led soldiers into battles against the English for her
homeland. She would have seen and gotten used to horrific bloodshed on both sides. In a
sense, saint or not, she was no less a warrior than Artoria or Cu Chulainn were.

“I mean…” Ritsuka stammered, trying to find the words to describe her thoughts. “I… I
know you and Archer are right and achieving victory is what we’re supposed to do. We’re
supposed to save the world and bring back humanity. Nothing should be more important than
that.”
“… but?” the saint prodded.
The Master stared up at the ceiling. “I don’t know,” she muttered. “I feel like if I just barrel
along like this, sacrificing things just to reach victory, we might end up losing a lot more than
we expect. I know making sacrifices and losing things are inevitable in war, but it shouldn’t
be like that. Not that easily, anyway.” She sighed deeply in irritation. “I’m sorry, I’m not
making much sense, am I?” she asked ruefully.
Jeanne didn’t answer the question. “You don’t believe it is worth a few human lives for a
hundred? Or a thousand?” she pressed.
“Yes? No?” Ritsuka stammered before throwing her hands up in frustration. “I don’t know! I
just don’t believe it’s right, just… trading a couple of lives for the greater like it's just some
sort of numbers game! Every life is different and its own thing! Just treating them like
statistics – where a few die here so more can live and possibly die over there – is way too
cold! I don’t want to come out of this entire thing as some cold-hearted monster who can do
something like that without blinking!”
Then she realized who she was rambling to. “Er, not that I’m calling you some sort of coldhearted monster or anything-“ the girl stammered, trying to backtrack.
The saint shook her head with a sad smile. “No, you are quite correct,” she gently silenced
her. “I am a cold-hearted monster. One that was perhaps necessary to win back my country
for my people but one, nevertheless. Is that what you believe, Ritsuka? That every life has
worth and shouldn’t be so easily discarded despite the cruel reality of war?”
Ritsuka sighed. “It’s a naïve thought, isn’t it?” she asked resignedly.
“Perhaps,” Jeanne admitted. “But I am truly glad my Master is one who remembers that
burden.” She smiled gently as the redhead looked up at her in surprise. “Whatever you may
decide, whatever you choose to sacrifice, please know that I shall gladly fly my banner and
stand beside you. And I do not doubt the Servants here would share a similar opinion as
well.”
The girl was silent for a moment, considering the Ruler’s words. “… thanks, Jeanne,” she
murmured.
The saint nodded, accepting her gratitude. The mood lightened and the Master contemplative
now, she glanced over at the dumbbells. Ever since she came here, she had been curious
about them. Did they have Servant level ones she could use? And she could practice a bit
more with Martha’s pugilist teachings. But then, what she was currently wearing wasn’t quite
fitting. It was time she posed another question to her Master.
“By the way, where did you come by such clothes?”

Ritsuka slouched against the shower wall in her room. The hot water was absolutely heavenly
against her aching muscles. Her bones felt like water and any motivation to even move was
drifting from her like the steam. She always did enjoy a hot shower – especially after coming
back from the Roman singularity where she didn’t even get a bath – but now it was truly
appreciated. It helped wash off all the grime and sweat off her too, so that was a plus.
She had worked out for a good while. Running, lifting dumbbells, even utilizing the exercise
machines (which conveniently all had electronic guides on how to properly use them) – it
was far more exercise than she ever did outside of a gym class. Looking down, she poked at
her soft thigh and couldn’t help but imagine the muscles on herself. She’d probably be one
hell of a bombshell if she kept this up.
The redhead sighed aridly. No, that wasn’t why she was exercising to begin with. How much
did Ren exercise to keep up his own physical activity? It was probably a lot, all things
considered. She had a long way to go if she wanted to match him at the very least. She
considered Mash or Morgana for a moment, then just as quickly dismissed the idea. Mash
was a demi-Servant whose physical capabilities far exceeded anything a regular person could
ever reach. Trying to match her was utterly impossible. And Morgana was… well, a cat.
Trying to match a cat’s agility and speed was almost as futile.
Reluctantly, she reached for the shampoo and began to wash herself. Staying here wasn’t
going to help anybody, even if she was utterly tired. There was still a lot she could do. The
library would be a good place to visit next. Maybe there was something she could read or
research to prepare herself. Would history books be any good, or should she focus on
mythology? Maybe she should read more of the Art of War or Thirty-Six Strategies. She
wasn’t normally the type to study ahead but a bit of review never hurt anyone.
“Ooh, a shower in the middle of the day? Très décadent !”
Ritsuka almost jumped straight into the ceiling from sheer surprise before whirling about in
the stall to see Marie standing right behind her, wearing nothing as she soaked in the hot
water and steam with a contented smile. “What the heck is with French women and scaring
the bejeezus out of me today?!” she grumbled breathlessly as she placed a hand over her
rapidly pounding heart.
“Ah, pardon ,” Marie murmured with an apologetic smile. “I had not had the delightful
experience of showering with others and became a touch overeager. I can excuse myself, if
you wish…?”
The redhead’s mouth worked up and down for a moment before sighing. “You’re already in
here anyway, so it’s fine,” she muttered, waving off her apology. “It’s gonna be a bit cramped
though – this shower isn’t exactly meant for two people, after all.”
“Oui,” Marie easily agreed. “But it is no problem. More opportunities for skinship, after all~”
“Er, right,” Ritsuka stammered. Now that she was regaining her composure, it was hard to
ignore the presence of Marie in the shower with her, especially in such close confines. Lithe
and elegant, with pale skin and hair that almost glowed in the lights of Chaldea, she was

someone that easily drew the gaze of anybody who had even the slightest notion of beauty.
Her calm grace as she contentedly soaked in the hot water splashing down on her only
highlighted that even further.
“Are you well?”
The question from Marie caught Ritsuka off guard. “Er, sorry?” she asked, embarrassed out
of her ogling.
The queen glanced over, her expression serene though filled with subtle amusement. “You
seemed remarkably somber when I first noticed you here,” she pointed out. “And believed a
bit of company would perhaps cheer you up.” She giggled slightly. “I had not expected my
presence to be quite so effective, however,” she commented.
The Master blinked, then grinned. “Well of course,” she easily replied, reaching for the soap.
“One of the most beautiful queens of France showering with me without any reservation? I
think I’m the luckiest girl that ever existed!”
Marie laughed airily. “My, such praise,” she cooed. “So long as it cheers you up, my Master,
then I shall happily join as you wish. In the meantime, shall I wash your back?”
“If you could,” Ritsuka quickly accepted. “I can never reach properly back there. But is it any
trouble for you?”
“Of what trouble would it be?” the Rider retorted. “ Non, it is no trouble whatsoever. Please,
allow me – I wish to try my hand at this at least once.”
The redhead could only smile at Marie’s cheerful eagerness. “Then all yours,” she replied.
The queen grinned happily. Reaching past her Master, who leaned out of the way for better
access, she took a handful of soap and slathered it over her hands. With that, she gently began
applying it to Ritsuka’s back, her hands easily gliding across the smooth skin of the redhead
who sighed in comfort. “How is it?” she asked gently.
“This is nice,” Ritsuka replied, her eyes closing as she enjoyed the warm, affectionate touch
of Marie. “Keep this up and I might end up dozing off in here.”
Marie laughed quietly. “Go right ahead,” she reassured her. “It shall be a badge of honor for
me, and more beauty rest never truly hurt anyone.”
“And come out looking like a prune?” Ritsuka retorted, grinning widely. “Thanks, but no
thanks. Nice try.”
“Ah, there goes my prank,” Marie lamented, then both of them broke down into laughter.
It was a rather soothing time. The Master hadn’t been exaggerating – if she hadn’t been
standing, she would’ve very quickly nodded off. The queen’s touch was soft and gentle
against her back. It was the kind of comfort that she honestly hadn’t had in… well, ever.
Right, didn’t Medusa offer massages to Ren? Maybe she could ask for one herself. Getting it
from someone like her must feel amazing.

She discounted the thought. Nah, that was a privilege reserved for the hardworking Ren.
Maybe when she deserved it, she’ll ask. In the meantime, however, it wasn’t her place to
demand such a thing. She would simply just enjoy Marie’s company for a bit longer. One tiny
indulgence wouldn’t hurt, right?
After a bit, Ritsuka turned to the Rider with a grin. “Alright, your turn!” she stated.
“Oh?” Marie asked with a wry smile. “You are that eager to wash a queen’s back?”
“As the saying goes, ‘you scratch my back, I scratch yours,’” the Master declared. “In this
case, replace ‘scratch’ with ‘wash’. So turn around, Marie! I’m not taking no for an answer!”
The queen laughed, happy to accept the reasoning. “Very well,” she accepted. “I shall be in
your care.” Turning around, she pulled her long, silvery-blonde hair in front of her to allow
Ritsuka easy access to her back.
As Ritsuka began, she had the perfect opportunity to look over Marie and feel her. Her skin
was smooth and unblemished, soft and warm to the touch from the shower. There wasn’t a lot
of muscle definition on her, nor did she have a lot of curves, but her lithe, slim figure was
nothing less than an absolute delight to just look at, let alone touch. She had to restrain
herself from going any further down her back or moving toward her front – a greater test of
will she didn’t think she would experience for some time yet.
Marie’s smile widened as she felt her Master’s eager hands applying the soap. She was right
– this was incredibly comfortable. “It has been a while since I have heard you laugh,” the
Rider remarked.
“Huh. Is that right?” Ritsuka murmured in surprise as she began digging through her
memory. When was the last time she had really laughed out of genuine amusement or
happiness? It probably wasn’t that long ago, but she couldn’t remember at all.
Why did that very thought send cold chills through her limbs despite the hot water running
over her?
“Is something troubling you, Master?” Marie asked softly.
Ritsuka’s mouth opened, closed, then opened again. “Why do you think I’m troubled?” she
asked in turn.
The queen smiled. Unlike before, it was filled with sorrow and sympathy rather than mirth
and amusement. “It is merely a hunch of mine,” she answered truthfully. “Do you wish to
speak about it?”
She considered. Again, a similar situation with Jeanne. It was a simple question, without any
prodding or force, just concern. What was her luck with French women today? “It’s… it’s
about military affairs,” Ritsuka admitted. “I’m not sure if you’d be too interested, to be
honest.”

“And why would I not be?” Marie countered without bothering to turn around. “Everyone
has a tale of their own, many of them fascinating. And while it is not usually my specialty, I
have some knowledge of such matters both from listening to generals and officers speak and
conferring at times with my husband. At the very least, do enlighten me as to your
predicament.”
The Master’s eyes widened, then gave a rueful chuckle. “I really keep forgetting you guys are
ridiculously awesome and knowledgeable,” she admitted.
The queen smiled at that remark. “Do you wish to tell me about it?” she asked again.
Ritsuka hesitated, then sighed. For the second time, she reported Archer’s simulation to her,
from the forest to the ambush to her own people. She also talked about how the red-mantled
hero advocated sacrificing a few of her own to save the majority, reaching a decisive win as
necessary. The story flowed out of her smoother this time, allowing her to calmly go over
each detail. That was an effect she hadn’t expected.
Marie’s eyes, meanwhile, grew wider and wider in shock as her Master described the whole
situation. She wasn’t unused to the affairs of war in the slightest: While she might have been
rather sheltered in life, the Throne provided plenty of knowledge about combat, and she had
seen her fair share of battle while in the France singularity. Still, as the picture formed itself
in her mind, she could easily visualize the harrowing scenario Ritsuka had been put through.
While normally the Rider had much to say, she found herself trying to decide her words
carefully. Half-hearted reassurances and encouragement wouldn’t do anything here, not for
such a serious matter. She needed more information. “And what do you think about that?”
she asked quietly.
The Master blew out a tired breath. “I hate it,” she stated bluntly. “I hate the idea of having to
sacrifice anyone for a victory, no matter how naïve that sounds. I hate the idea of getting to
the point where a sacrifice is even necessary in the first place. And I hate how Archer is able
to treat this kind of thing like a numbers game: a few die here so more can survive over there.
I mean, Archer has a point and it may be what it takes, but…”
Ritsuka sighed again. “I talked about it to Jeanne too,” she grumbled to Marie’s surprise.
“She agrees with Archer. Again, kinda forgot she’s also used to that kind of thing.”
“’Heavy is the head that bears the crown,’” the queen intoned quietly. “Or in dear Jeanne’s
case, the banner of France.” She turned to look at the redhead over her shoulder. “If you do
not mind me asking, why does that bother you so much? You are aware our existences are
ephemeral, yes?”
“Archer said the same thing, but that’s not the point,” Ritsuka grumbled.
“Oh?” Marie questioned.
“Yeah,” the Master confirmed as she finished washing Marie’s back. She couldn’t exactly
focus on it right now anyway. “It’s just… I don’t want to think about it as a numbers game,
you know? Just reducing lives to be numbers or weights on a scale and deciding with that

who should be sacrificed and who should be saved based on that. Every life is different, filled
with their own experiences and knowledge. All of them are unique. Human or Servant, it
doesn’t matter.”
She moved out of the way as Marie squeezed past her to get into the main flow of the shower.
“It’s a stupid mindset to keep, I know,” she grumbled exasperatedly. “Especially when there’s
so much on the line. I just can’t help it though. And I keep feeling like I’d lose something
important if I do end up forgetting that fact.”
Ritsuka chuckled halfheartedly. “Dumb, right?” she asked, already knowing the answer.
“Hm,” Marie hummed, her eyes closed as hot water washed over her. “Why would it be?”
The question caught the Master off guard again. “Er…” she stuttered. “Well, because we
need to win so we can possibly get all of humanity back…?”
“You are correct,” the queen agreed. “But what how does it relate to believing human lives
are unique and should be preserved?”
Ritsuka could only blink multiple times. “Because… it might cause me to hesitate when we
can’t afford to…?” she slowly replied.
“That may be true,” Marie replied as she ran her fingers through her long hair to wash it.
“And yet is it worth discarding in the end?” She glanced over her shoulder at her Master, who
was staring at her in confusion, and smiled. “Are you aware of my legend, Ritsuka?” she
inquired.
The Master’s eyes widened. “I’ve… heard a few things about it,” she haltingly answered,
unable to look her in the eye. The legend of Marie Antoinette was something many knew
about – from her infamous ‘let them eat cake’ line to her execution by guillotine in the
French Revolution. She did a bit more looking out of curiosity, and it seemed Marie was
more a victim of propaganda from the Revolution than the cruel monster her classes seemed
to depict her as.
The Rider chuckled slightly. “Come now, my Master,” she gently admonished. “There is no
need to… what was the phrase? ‘Beat around the bush.’ My fate was rather ignominious, if I
may be frank. I accepted it, but it still does not change the reality of my end.”
“What… what do you mean?” she asked, her voice barely audible over the shower.
Marie looked down at her bare, wet arms. Even now she could feel the cold, hard iron of the
shackles that wrapped around her wrists. “I can still hear them clear as day,” she murmured.
“The jeers and insults from the crowd, all saying such harsh and cruel things. Their cheers for
my husband’s head as it rolled. My sickly son, who was torn from me and died after from
neglect. And soon, it would be my turn.”
The queen smiled wistfully. “I remember the face of my executioner, my dear Sanson,” she
continued. “He was the only one distraught among the crowd. I had to reassure him that it
would be alright – and even apologized for accidently treading on his foot. A bit ironic, non

?” She giggled in slight amusement and warmth. “He was always a kind man. And in the end,
he did his duty and just like that, my life was gone – and France was free.”
Ritsuka’s mouth hung open in horror. “I… I’m so sorry that happened, Marie-“ she began
saying – and was immediately forestalled by a finger on her lips.
“ Non, non ,” Marie corrected calmly as she moved aside for her Master’s turn in the shower.
“Your pity or sympathy is not what I am asking for, Ritsuka. I ask instead for your
consideration for this one question: Do you believe I hated them?”
The question was an odd one. The redhead considered as she slid by Marie into the shower,
automatically going through the process of washing. She tried to put herself in Marie’s shoes.
Her own husband and child were killed. Yet the Marie she saw here was smiling and happy,
eager to learn about the world and people around her. Not to mention she did comment that
France was free afterward.
“Er… no, you didn’t?” the Master answered uncertainly. “It’s absolutely horrible what they
did to you but… uh… you made your peace with it? After all, you did say the people of
France were free now and you seem pretty cheerful and eager to learn about everything
around you. At least, that’s what it appears to me.”
Marie blinked a few times, then broke out laughing, startling Ritsuka. “Ah, forgive me,” she
said, trying to hold back her laughter. “Your answer merely surprised me! I hadn’t expected
you to see me in such a kind light! It warms my heart, and I am grateful for your
appreciation.”
Her giggles settled down as her smile became sadder. “That being said,” she murmured. “You
are only partially correct.”
Ritsuka paused mid-motion at the answer. “Partially?” she echoed in surprise.
The queen nodded solemnly. “I had said before, non ?” she quietly responded. “It was
perhaps expected that they should kill my husband, for he was a king. It was his mantle to
bear. And the people were free – they received the freedom so dearly wanted and loved. Oui ,
I am glad for that, and that the people could take charge of the country as they wished.”
“But it does not change the fact they took my son from me,” Marie continued, her voice
barely audible above the shower. “He was beautiful and kind, and I loved him dearly. But
they forced him to say heinous words he would otherwise never utter, then threw him into a
cell where, like a flower cast onto the street, he withered and perished. I could not even be
there with him as he passed, nor could I even pray for him as I had long passed by then.”
The Master could only slowly turn around in horror. Marie was still standing there, but
something had changed. Her normally warm, bright eyes had become cold and sharp. Her
gentle smile, almost as eternally present as Da Vinci’s, had vanished. There were lines of rage
on her face that caused the redhead to inadvertently take a step back.
“What mother could ever forgive such a grievance?” she whispered, grief and rage echoing in
every single word.

Ritsuka’s mouth hung open. “Th-that’s-“ she began saying before suddenly yelping in shock.
She had backed up into the temperature control and now the water was icy cold. She quickly
scurried away from the cold water – and right into Marie, who reflexively embraced her in
mutual surprise. The Master could only flush from embarrassment – and at the contact. “Er,
um-!” she intelligently stated as her brain melted down trying to find an excuse.
Marie just burst out in laughter once more. Her cold rage passed by like a summer storm,
revealing – or rather simply shifting – to the warm, lively Rider they had always known her
by. She simply reached over and turned the hot water back on. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to
frighten you,” she apologized. “But my, I hadn’t expected this form of skinship so soon. It is
rather pleasing though, non ?” The queen’s eyes glinted mischievously as she held her a bit
tighter.
“Er… s-sure?” the redhead stuttered as she fought to keep the blush down. Under more
normal circumstances this would’ve been an incredibly pleasant surprise, but what caught her
attention more was just how quickly Marie’s mood had shifted. Just a moment ago, the sheer
anger and hatred that emanated from her was something to behold. But now, it was gone. No,
that wasn’t the right word for it – she simply stopped focusing on it. “Wh-what about you?”
Ritsuka asked, both to distract herself and to maybe get an answer. “We, uh, talked about
some pretty heavy stuff there.”
The Rider’s smile was gentle. “ Oui , it certainly was,” she murmured. “But I wasn’t merely
sharing my pain. As you can tell, I have every right to despise the world and the people for
what they had done to my son. I could spread that hatred until everything that deserved to
break breaks. It would be very easy for me.”
“… but you didn’t?” Ritsuka ventured.
“I didn’t,” Marie confirmed, her smile widening. “There is cruelty and ugliness in the world
and in people, yes. But so is there beauty, kindness, joy, and wonder. There is so much more
to the world than pain and death, even in the smallest of things. I may hold that anger in my
heart, but it is no reason for me not to love the world and everything it offers regardless.”
She released Ritsuka from her embrace to gently cup her face, her clear blue eyes staring into
the Master’s own. “Even when a situation feels impossible, even when it feels like you must
discard your heart,” she urged. “I only ask that you remember what you hold true to yourself,
and what you hold as beautiful to you. I know I’m asking much, but I believe you will be
able to do so.”
Ritsuka gulped, unable to tear her eyes away from Marie’s gaze. “I’ll… I’ll do my best,” she
could only weakly answer.
The queen nodded. “That is all I ask,” she replied. She lowered her hands - and pulled the
redhead into her embrace again.
The Master’s eyes widened in surprise. “Er, Marie?” she asked, unsure.
“Kisses are a bit much for the moment,” the queen elaborated. “But I find a hug to be suitable
for almost any situation.” She rested her head on Ritsuka’s shoulder, not caring about the

wetness, and smiled. “Besides, this is rather comfortable.”
The redhead blinked several times, then chuckled before finally wrapping her own arms
around the Rider. “Can’t argue there,” she agreed, resting on Marie’s shoulder in turn. There
was much she had to do and much she had to think about. But for now, she could just enjoy
this moment. Hugging the queen of France, who was beautiful both within and without,
under a shower?
She could get used to this.
Ritsuka stretched as she walked through the halls of Chaldea. As always, it was rather quiet –
the hiss of the air conditioners, the distant drone of people chatting becoming audible then
fading as they passed by, and the occasional whir of a robot as it rolled on through. She
stepped aside for one as it wheeled by, arms laden with various tools and items such as nuts,
bolts, and screws. It was probably on its way to assist with the facility’s ongoing repairs.
She reflected as she ran a hand through her damp hair. She spent longer in the shower than
she expected, enough for her fingers to prune up. Considering Marie’s little joke about her
prank, she couldn’t help but laugh a bit. The queen got what she wanted in the end, didn’t
she? Their time together had been rather pleasant overall, and she didn’t feel quite as down in
the dumps as she had been earlier in the day.
Still, she had a lot to think about. Jeanne’s and Marie’s words bounced around in her head.
The saint believed that while making sacrifices in war was necessary, she was happy the
Master would remember the burden. And while Marie did admit that there was ugliness and
darkness both in her and the world, that was still no reason to stop seeing the aspects that
were good. There was a common thread here and she was just missing a piece… but what?
The Master shook her head. This wasn’t the time to think about it. Not when she was hungry.
She would grab some food first, and then think some more later.
As she stepped into the cafeteria, she sniffed almost reflexively and slumped in
disappointment: No alluring scent of spices or coffee. Ren wasn’t here making his usual
heavenly combo. Well, that was probably to be expected – she was still early and he was
probably busy with other stuff like always. It would be unreasonable to ask him to cook all
the time. At least Jeeves could whip something up.
Turning her attention more fully to her surroundings, she noticed that the cafeteria was
mostly empty. The only person was a familiar man in blue spandex, sitting at the counter. Her
curiosity piqued, she stepped forward. “Hey Cu,” she called over cheerfully. “Didn’t think I’d
expect you here until dinner time.”
The Lancer glanced over and grinned. “Yeah, well, sometimes certain appetites can’t wait,”
he replied casually. As he said that, Jeeves rolled up and deposited a beer bottle on the
counter. His grin widening, the Irish hero snatched the bottle, popped the cap off with his
thumb, caught it, then tossed it over to the trash collector chute that opened on the robot’s
body. “Thanks, Jeeves!” he stated.

“ Anytime, Sir Cu Chulainn,” Jeeves intoned in a pleasant voice before rolling away.
“’Sir’ Cu Chulainn?” Ritsuka remarked as she sat down beside the Lancer with a grin.
“That’s a first.”
The Irish hero chuckled. “Not what I’m typically called, but I’ll admit it’s got a nice ring to
it,” he replied before taking a long draft, draining half the bottle in one go. “Ah, that’s some
good stuff,” he sighed.
The Master chuckled. “Surprised Jing Ke isn’t with you,” she commented, looking around.
Cu shook his head. “Nah,” he answered. “She’s at the observation deck. Said something
about drinks and snow being a good combination. I’d have joined her but I think she wants to
be alone at the moment. I don’t blame her – while drinking with buddies is always a grand
time, there’s times where you just wanna sit back, relax, and just enjoy at your own pace,
y’know?”
“And that’s what you’re doing?” Ritsuka pointed out with a wry smile.
“Hey, I just said there’s times like that, yeah?” the Lancer retorted with a broad grin. “A cold
brew by myself doesn’t hurt every once in a blue moon.” He nodded toward Jeeves. “You
want one of your own?” he asked.
The redhead shuddered. “Pass,” she replied flatly. “I once got a taste of beer before. How
people drink that stuff is beyond me. Blech.”
Cu barked with laughter. “Ha! You’re definitely not Irish then!” he cried in amusement.
“As far as I know,” Ritsuka chuckled back. “Never actually got an ancestry test. I’m part
Japanese but that’s about all I got.” She glanced up as Jeeves rolled up.
“ What would like, Master Fujimaru?” it asked.
Ritsuka couldn’t help but smirk a bit. While Master was her official title, she couldn’t help
but feel she was being addressed to by a butler. It certainly made the name ‘Jeeves’ all the
more fitting. “I just worked out,” she replied. “Something light so I don’t ruin my appetite for
dinner in a bit would be good.”
A few of the display lights flashed on Jeeves. “ Very well,” the robot chef acknowledged. “
Would a small Caesar salad be suitable?”
The Master couldn’t help but chuckle as she remembered the large, stout figure of the Roman
emperor. “That works for me,” she replied cheerfully.
“ At once, Master Fujimaru,” Jeeves intoned before rolling off.
“Working out, huh?” Cu commented with a raised eyebrow. “What’s with the sudden
interest?”

The redhead grinned. “Well, I thought it was time for a killer bod, y’know?” she replied
casually. “Something like what you and Ren got. Both of you look fine as heck, and so do a
lot of the other women here. Thought I might as well try to match up as well.”
“Uh huh,” the Lancer replied, taking another chug of his bottle as he eyed his Master
skeptically. “And what’s the real reason?”
Ritsuka’s mouth dropped slightly, then she groaned in frustration. “Okay, seriously, am I that
easy to read?!” she spouted in irritation as her head dropped into her hands.
“Eh, it’s not about being easy to read,” Cu replied with a shrug as he turned back to looking
forward while taking another draft of his beer. “It’s just something I see a lot in new blood
after they come back from their first battles. Most compensate by drinking their brains away,
but some take to training or studying until they’re halfway to the grave. Nothing a good
smack on the head usually doesn’t fix though.” He placed his empty bottle back on the
counter. “Another, Jeeves!” he called out.
“ Of course, Sir Cu Chulainn,” Jeeves acquiesced, mixing the salad in several of its arms
while a free one took the beer before rolling off once more.
“It’s just something that happens,” the Lancer finished. Turning around, he leaned his back
on the counter. “So, what’s eatin’ ya?” he asked.
Ritsuka sighed. For the third time, she recited the whole scenario Archer ran her through. By
the time she finished, Jeeves had placed the salad in front of her. “Thanks Jeeves,” she
distractedly told the robot chef before turning back to the current topic. “Jeanne said she
agrees with Archer about sacrificing some of the men though she’s happy I remember the
value of human life. Marie asked me to keep in mind the good stuff while thinking about the
darker things I might have to decide.”
Her fork punctured a few leaves and chicken before popping them into her mouth. “I dunno,
it feels difficult to balance this,” she muttered through a semi-full mouth. “I just feel like I’m
missing something, though hell if I know what.” She glanced over at Cu, who had received
another bottle of beer and was staring up contemplatively. “What’s your take?” she asked.
Cu frowned deeply. “Leave it to that bastard to be a pain in the ass is my take,” he grumbled,
taking another draft. “Of course he’d be the type to put lives on a scale and watch everything
carefully before choosing the ‘most amount of lives’. Makes sense since he’s a pragmatic
asshole, but he’s still an annoying prick.”
The Master couldn’t help but chuckle at his grumbling. “So what would you do, then?” she
asked, curious.
The Lancer shrugged. “Honestly?” he answered. “Barrel right through each and everyone one
of them as fast as possible while yelling at the others to get their asses moving. If I see the
traps myself, I’ll deal with them. If not, well, shit happens.”
That… was an answer she expected, admittedly, but it still caught her off guard. “So you’re
not gonna worry about the others?” she inquired. “I-I mean, no offense but there are still a lot

of lives counting on you, right?”
“Yep,” Cu agreed easily as he placed down another empty bottle. “Had that happen plenty of
times. But sitting around isn’t gonna help much or do anything, so I just charge in and deal
with it as I go. Only way I do things, really. One more, Jeeves!” As the robot chef moved to
replace the bottle, he leaned against the counter again. “So why don’t you?” he asked.
The redhead looked up quizzically from a mouthful of salad. She swallowed first, then asked,
“Why don’t I… what?” she asked.
“Just screw trying to do something and instead do what you gotta do?” he asked, keeping his
eyes on Ritsuka as he opened up a fresh bottle and took another swig. “It’s not like you’re
incapable of that, so why not just do it?”
Ritsuka just stared at Cu as she tried to process the utter absurdness of what he just said.
Was… was he just that much of a meathead? No, no way he could be. The legendary light of
Ireland couldn’t be a meathead like that. “I mean,” she said slowly. “There’s a lot of things I
have to think about, Cu. Like I said, trying to figure out whether I have to sacrifice people or
thinking about the lives I’m either saving or sacrificing-“
“And?” the Lancer interrupted with a raised eyebrow. “Why can’t you just go ahead
anyway?”
That left the Master just blinking. “Er… you’re gonna have to walk me through that,” she
stammered.
“What I’m saying is,” Cu elaborated. “If you gotta take time to think, then make that damn
time. You’re the one calling the shots, right? Then just as it’s your responsibility to make sure
we win and save as many damn people as possible, then it’s your men’s responsibility – our
responsibility – to make sure you have that. So in that case, give the orders to buy you some
time. That way, we do what we do best, you plan, and we can all get out.”
“… you make it sound so easy,” Ritsuka muttered as she tried to process Cu Chulainn’s
words. Was it really that simple? That all she had to do was make time for herself and
everyone else so she could find the way out? Reality can’t be that simple, especially not in a
warzone, butHer train of thought was interrupted by a chop on the head. “OW!” she yelled before glaring
at Cu. “What the heck was that for?!”
“You’re doing it again,” he stated, frowning. “The thing is that you’re not supposed to think
too hard about it. Do what you believe is the right thing to do at the time. The first thing that
comes to mind. Even if it’s just ‘hide’ or ‘take cover’ or even ‘fight’, just freaking do it.
Standing or sitting there like you’re a scarecrow ain’t gonna help you – well, except in times
where it will but that’s not my point.”
“And… what if the right thing to do for me is the wrong one?” she asked softly, staring down
at her half-eaten salad. She wasn’t feeling hungry anymore. Damnit.

“Ain’t that why you’re doing this training to begin with?” he asked, raising an eyebrow. “At
this point, worrying about ‘what-ifs’ and future stuff is only gonna bog you down. Learn
what you can now so you don’t have to worry about that. And if something does happen…
it’ll be at the point where we can pick you right back up so you can run alongside us.”
“… Or I could ask you to carry me,” Ritsuka commented with a wry smile up at Cu.
The Lancer barked out in laughter. “Hey, if it floats your boat then I’ll be happy to carry you
once in a while,” he answered with a grin before finishing off his bottle. “Welp, I’m outta
here. You better finish your salad. It doesn’t get cold but looks to me the leaves are wilting
from where I’m seeing it.
The Master chuckled. “Alright,” she agreed. “And… thanks, Cu.”
Cu Chulainn simply waved goodbye with a smirk before getting up and walking toward the
door, vanishing into golden particles and leaving Ritsuka alone.
Jeeves slowly rolled up to take away the third empty bottle, then turned to the redhead. “
Would you like a second helping?” he asked.
Shaking her head, Ritsuka tore back into her salad. “No thanks, Jeeves,” she replied as she
ate a breakneck speed. “I got an appointment after this.” Right. This wasn’t the time to stop
and mope about things. Cu was right – sometimes, it was simply about doing what she
believed she had to, one way or another. She couldn’t hesitate, not anymore.
“ Master Fujimaru, I recommend slowing down the pace of your consumption. You are at risk
of choking.”
Okay, perhaps she could hesitate a little bit.
Archer surveyed the training area with his arms crossed. It was empty at the moment, even
from the normal battle maniacs like Leonidas or Cu Chulainn. At this time, most would be
making their way to the cafeteria. He would be too, cooking and helping out in the kitchen,
had he not been asked to wait here. At least Boudica was understanding when he notified her.
As he waited, his keen eyesight casually caught even the smallest of details: A leaf slowly
drifting down from a tree in the distant forest before being wafted away by the breeze, giving
him an indicator of wind speed. A small shift in the current of the nearby brook alerted him
to the presence of fish as well as its travel path. A virtual deer grazed peacefully past that,
indicating the lack of any hostile presences in its immediate area.
All in all, it was a serene locale as always. It was always refreshing not spotting any threats
or ambushes, even if it was a controlled environment.
The sound of quicker, lighter footsteps behind him caught his attention. He smirked. “You
realize that it’s almost dinner time, right?” he asked rhetorically without bothering to turn
around. “If I recall, Ren is cooking tonight, albeit a bit later than usual for him. Are you sure
you want to do this now?”

Ritsuka chuckled. “Don’t have to,” she admitted. “But I wanted to get on with it.” She stood
up straighter and took a deep breath. “I want to run that simulation again.”
The red-mantled hero looked over, raising his eyebrows. “Oh?” he inquired. “I thought we
would be resuming that tomorrow.”
“So did I,” the Master agreed. “But I wanted to try again, at least just one more time tonight.
Hope there isn’t a problem with that?”
Archer was surprised by the request. When he had first left Ritsuka earlier that day, she
looked despondent, almost broken. That was within his expectations: The scenario he had
tossed her in, while not the harshest, was still rather cruel for her first exercise. He had
thought to get her used to it first - The harsh conditions as well as fragility of life – so that
they could proceed onward with her lessons as a strategist.
What he saw now instead was the gleaming light of determination in her eyes. What did she
do? Who did she talk to? The Master that was facing him was almost an entirely different
being from the one he parted ways with. If anything, that burning determination he saw felt
familiar. Far too familiar for his liking.
Nevertheless, he was curious as to what Ritsuka had in mind. “Very well, Master,” he
acquiesced. Turning away and looking up, he called out, “Begin simulation S-614.” As he
walked away and faded from view, the forest, soldiers, and civilians appeared once again.
Screaming, arrows, and soldiers screaming desperately for orders as they looked around for
their attackers.
The Master quickly observed her surroundings. It was just as chaotic as before, but for her
mind felt a lot clearer this time around. Technically she was cheating here as this was her
second try, but to hell with the rules, to hell with reasonable compromises, and to absolute
hell with this damned scenario. “Soldiers, form up!” she roared. “Raise shields and encircle
the civilians! Guard them with your lives! The rest of you, keep your heads down! We’ll get
out of this, don’t worry!”
Everyone quickly moved to follow orders. “Use the trees to make up for any gaps!” the
Master barked out as she crouched down among the civilians. Meanwhile, she continued
looking around her, thinking. There were ways out of this scenario, ones where they would be
able to get out. They were on a time limit, sure, but that didn’t mean they had to be careless.
Keeping her breathing measured and slow, she kept thinking. Right. Like Artoria had said, if
the best option wasn’t available, move to the next one. Archer had said something about
starting a fire, using it to slow down the pursuing army while dealing with the ambushers. If
they did something like that, though, it would simply be setting their tails on fire, forcing
them out of coverRitsuka’s eyes widened, and she almost smacked herself in the head. Why the hell didn’t she
think of this before? “Who here is a good thrower?” she called out. A young man raised his
hand and she nodded. “Bottles, oil, cloth, and tinder! Hurry!” she quickly added. The
civilians quickly retrieved what the redhead demanded and handed them over. Working
quickly, she quickly made impromptu Molotov cocktails.

Once she was done, she handed two of them over to the young man. “Light up the cloth, then
throw these two a good distance behind us,” she ordered. “Once you’re done, I want you to
keep throwing in the directions the arrows are coming from.” She looked up at the soldiers.
“All of you, report where the soldiers are coming from. Your intel will be crucial to getting us
out of here!”
“Yes ma’am!” the soldiers chorused.
The redhead nodded. “Scouts!” she called out. Two soldiers holding up shields looked up. “I
want you to survey ahead for traps! Not too far – close enough to retreat back to the
formation if necessary! Everyone else, get up but keep your heads down! We’re advancing!”
There was an outcry of confusion and panic at what Ritsuka was demanding. “Just keep your
heads down!” she yelled over them. “And we’ll make it through! But I’m gonna need
everyone’s help and cooperation to see us all through! I’m putting all my trust in you guys, so
trust in me too!” Everyone looked at one another, then shouted their assent.
With that, they all got to work. They moved at a steady pace as the scouts under cover
quickly disabled the traps. The young man tossed the molotovs as directed, starting fires that
quickly flushed the ambushers out of hiding and forcing them to either retreat or run straight
into the waiting swords of the soldiers. The other civilians worked together to create more
molotovs, some even volunteering their own throwing arm to supplement the young man.
Ritsuka meanwhile kept a sharp eye out, barking out more orders and encouragement to
adjust as necessary to the situation.
Unfortunately, things couldn’t go nearly so well. The sound of hooves alerted everyone. Did
the enemy cavalry catch up to them already?! As everyone around her began panicking, she
listened. Not as thunderous as she expected – probably an advance unit that barely got
through the burning forest. This was still manageable.
“Everyone, keep calm!” she roared over the group. “They can’t have gotten too many people
through the burning forest! And horses can’t maneuver well through the trees! Keep
advancing!” Her mind was moving a million miles a minute as she considered all her options.
Despite saying that, a good, collected charge would be enough to break formation and
morale. And if they got through the forest, the resulting open terrain would favor the
horsemen.
“How are the enemy archers?” she barked at one of the soldiers. “We still under attack?”
“Sporadic, ma’am!” he replied, grunting as another arrow struck his shield. “Definitely
slowed down a lot since we’ve been lobbing fire at them but they’re still taking potshots!”
Ritsuka nodded before turning to the civilians. “New plan!” she commanded. “Keep making
those things but don’t light or toss them! Anyone who’s able, pick up a shield and keep them
up, facing outward! I want three more soldiers going ahead and dealing with traps! We’re
moving double time! Go go go!”
Everyone quickly rushed to fulfill her orders as several soldiers raced on ahead to join the
scouts. Ritsuka marched at the front of the contingent, still keeping herself in cover while

keeping a wary eye around her. An arrow grazed her forehead, causing her to curse as she
lowered her head further and continued moving onward, trying to slow her heart as it
drummed violently in her ears. She couldn’t falter. Not now!
“Cavalry! Left side!” one soldier roared.
The Master glanced over and as reported, there was a horseman riding through the trees on
their left. He bore a spear that was far too long to be thrown – it was most likely for charging.
The trees were slowing his progress, but he was managing to pick out a path through them
and turning to face them. They didn’t have much time before he would run them down.
She didn’t hesitate – running over, she grabbed one of the impromptu molotovs and with a
flint, quickly lit it. She looked back up and quickly ascertained the direction of the horseman.
As he began charging, she threw the molotov with a wild scream. It fell short, crashing down
in front of the enemy, but it did the trick: The sudden burst of flames immediately terrified
the horse, bucking off its rider off before galloping away.
“Forget him!” Ritsuka barked out as a few soldiers began advancing to dispatch him, freezing
them in place. “He’s not important – we need to get the heck out of here first! Everyone,
move it!” The soldiers hesitated, then reluctantly fell back into place as they continued
marching. The rider meanwhile slowly got up, looked around him, then scurried off, to the
redhead’s relief.
“Another on the right!” another soldier cried out.
“Toss two more in his direction!” Ritsuka responded.
They continued marching through the forest which was quickly being engulfed in flames.
Every time a new rider appeared, the flames of the Molotovs was more than enough to deter
them. Once or twice, the rider tried attacking the group despite being dismounted – and they
were swiftly overwhelmed and cut down by Ritsuka’s own men.
Before long, they broke through the forest into a clearing. “Watch our backs!” Ritsuka
ordered. “Last thing we want is for them to fall on our rears when we just got out!”
The soldiers quickly moved to provide a rearguard as the Master quickly took stock of the
situation. A few civilians and soldiers were wounded with arrows, and more had been burned
by the fires. They would need to be treated when they managed to get to a more secure area.
At least, that was the hope. No one had died though, and everyone could still move at a
decent pace. That, she could live with for now.
“End simulation.”
Once more, everything flickered out, revealing the training ground again. Ritsuka blinked in
surprise as Archer stepped forward with a raised eyebrow. “Not bad, Master,” he commented.
“That was a genuinely clever method to get out without casualties. However, I hope you’re
aware reality isn’t quite so generous as to give you second chances like this?”

Ritsuka chuckled. “Well, that’s why we’re using simulations, isn’t it?” she asked. “The point
of practice like this is to make sure I get it right and get me used to the scenarios so I don’t
need a redo to make sure things work.”
Her green eyes were calm as they met Archer’s steel-grey ones. “And while you’re right that
sacrifices may be necessary in the future, like hell I’m not gonna exhaust every other idea
first,” she declared. “At the very least, I wanna have a victory with the least amount of regrets
possible.”
Archer’s frown deepened. “That’s hell you’re walking into,” he warned gravely. “The path
you choose will grant you little more than hardship, and it may not be worth it in the end. It is
the path of a ‘hero’, so to speak – one that has nothing for you at the end but pain and regret.”
The Master stared up at Archer and for a moment, neither of them said anything. Finally,
Ritsuka smiled. “Yep, you’re probably right,” she fully admitted. “I definitely chose the
harder way to do things. But regret? That, I’m gonna have to disagree with you on. Every life
is unique and worth saving. I’m aware that saving everyone is impossible, but that doesn’t
mean I won’t do everything in my power to try anyway. At the very least, I’ll be able to look
at myself in the mirror and keep my head held high.”
The red-mantled hero said nothing as he stared down at the smiling Ritsuka. “You are truly
foolish,” he stated flatly.
“Yep,” Ritsuka admitted again. “I’ve still got a lot to learn before I stop being a fool, so I
hope you’ll keep teaching me.” She grinned broadly. “Now, let’s go get some food – like hell
I’m gonna miss Ren’s divine curry and coffee!” With that, she dashed off for the door.
Once she exited the simulation room, she heaved out a gigantic breath she didn’t even realize
she had been holding. The scenario had been far more harrowing than she expected, enough
that her newly found resolve almost broke and shattered again then and there. She wasn’t
sure she would’ve been able to save everyone. If anything, it was more sheer luck than her
tactics and strategies.
Still, luck or not, it was a success. Somehow. All she needed to do was to keep up her
lessons, learn what she could, and hopefully she would become helpful to everyone in
Chaldea. Nice, easy, straightforward. Theoretically. That was the plan, anyway.
“Small steps, Ritsu,” she muttered to herself as she made her way to the cafeteria. “Small
steps…”
Meanwhile, Archer watched as his Master left. Many emotions boiled within him: Pride,
grief, anger, frustration, resignation. Everything she said, everything she planned, sounded
much like he was when he was younger: to save everyone he could see. A naïve dream borne
by the greatest of fools. And now he could see similar ones in both Ren and Ritsuka. Similar,
yet different. And most importantly, paths they didn’t walk alone.
EMIYA simply sighed as he turned his gaze upwards. For a moment, the sky had become
ashen and murky, blotting out the evening sun as gigantic gears turned in the background. An
image he was intimately familiar with and would always see, for better and worse. Then he

blinked and it vanished, leaving it a cloudless blue like before. A smile, both nostalgic and
bitter, creased his lips. “It seems there are idiots in every age,” he murmured.
The only reply was the cool evening breeze.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 109: Casters
Chapter Summary

Even within the same class, Servants are rather unique individuals.

Chapter Notes

Merry Christmas, everyone. Have an early chapter.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There is much he had seen and experienced during his time in the Clock Tower. Magecraft of
all different types. Different people both inferior and superior to him in myriad ways.
Compliments and insults both earned and undeserved alike. And of course, the politics that
ever encompassed the Moonlit World. Though he was adept at navigating such a labyrinthine
society, it was still tiring and straining, enough that he picked up the habit of smoking – both
for stress relief and for his own protection. Thankfully what he earned more than covered that
particular vice.
Still, despite it all, he found a few joys in his life. Thanks to his king and general, he fully
delved into video games, a hobby he never expected to gain, and immersed himself in them
as both a way to hone his mind and for his own enjoyment. Researching magecraft had
always been his specialty and it ended up being his passion – to the point he became
preeminent in the field of magical theory. It certainly made him a lot of allies, enemies, and
everything in between.
But the greatest joy he had was teaching. As much as his students annoyed him at times – or
rather, most of the time – he couldn’t deny their talent and their eagerness to learn. He made
sure to beat the fundamentals into their head as well as theory. He himself may be talentless
as a magus but that certainly didn’t mean one couldn’t learn or teach concepts. He wasn’t
sure if it even would bear fruit – but it did. And so he continued.
Funny how even though he was a Servant now how little things had changed.
“Rough,” he criticized, looking over Ren. “There’s room for improvement. There are still
plenty of gaps and empty spaces that can be filled up, as well as others that could use more
magical energy. That being said, you picked up the concept astonishingly quickly.”
Ren chuckled a bit, looking over his arms. Circuits, glowing green with prana, ran through
his limbs. “I just kinda… felt it out and do what felt right, I think,” he responded as he flexed

his hands. Even he hadn’t expected to get the hang of it so quickly. “But yeah, I can still feel
a few places where I think I can keep going. I’ll probably have to test it out a bit.”
Waver nodded. “As you should, Amamiya,” he agreed. “Using your instinct to find gaps of
magical circuitry in your body and test how much energy can be outputted is a testified
method of learning the nuances of one’s body as a system of magecraft. The key is to repeat
the process until you can achieve your results via instinct and reflex instead of conscious
thought – then apply a similar method to other parts of your body. Further understanding of
anatomy will aid you in this matter, so we will review later what requires improvement.”
The Phantom Thief nodded in understanding. Waver had taught Ren and Morgana several
basic fundamental mysteries in magecraft to form the foundation of their education:
Structural analysis, formalcraft, and more. Though they were capable and eager students,
they still took time to understand and properly utilize said mysteries. That was within
expectations: up until they reached Chaldea they had never even heard of magecraft, let alone
practiced.
And even before that, he had to teach Ren and Morgana how to properly utilize magical
energy to begin with - A form of self-hypnosis, followed by utilizing a trigger and an aria.
Ironically enough, that part had already been mostly done for him: Their personal steps for
actuating their Persona magecraft. It had been a simple matter of transferring that knowledge
to other magecraft instead. All in all, things were proceeding apace and Waver had to admit,
he was satisfied with their current progress.
That being said, he hadn’t inspected Reinforcement to go so well with Ren. It was a ‘simple’
yet incredibly useful mystery: Simply fill in any ‘gaps’ in a specific part of one’s body with
magical energy. The concept of imbuing one’s own body or other objects with energy was a
key foundation of many other more complex mysteries. And even excluding that factor, it
could be honed to grant objects or oneself capabilities far exceeding what can be normally
achieved.
Waver had only been teaching this mystery and the concepts surrounding it for a few days,
yet Ren could already use it in a practical manner. It had been a major surprise.
“Reinforcement has many uses,” the Caster continued as Ren walked over to a target dummy.
“What we’re going over is the absolute basics, where all you’ll do is increase the durability of
your arms. More advanced usage will allow you to improve the functionality of what you
reinforce. For example, you will be able to see incredible distances with your eyes or pick up
scents as good as a bloodhound. No doubt you see how useful it is.”
“For sure,” Ren agreed as he took a stance, then punched the dummy at half force. He felt the
vibrations jar through his entire arm and body, but they were far reduced than what he
expected. In fact, despite how hard he hit the dummy, his knuckles didn’t hurt at all. He
checked his hands out of curiosity and indeed, they were utterly unharmed. “Huh,” he mused.
“So when are we going to get to the more advanced applications?”
“When you have mastered how to properly gauge how much magical energy to utilize to fill
in the gaps,” the lord answered. “While theoretically a simple concept, the execution is a

different matter entirely. If you get it wrong, you could very well destroy the body part or
organ you are reinforcing. Many magi have been crippled or even died from such accidents.”
Ren smirked. This time, he punched the dummy with full force. The vibrations from the
impact jarred through his bones once more and caused the rest of his body to ache. He would
probably have to reinforce the rest of his body to properly withstand the backlash. “Well, not
too much of an issue considering I can heal,” the Phantom Thief replied with a grin. “Might
as well test the boundaries now and get used to it.”
Waver scowled. “Don’t make light of magecraft,” he snapped. “Your powers are
considerable, Amamiya, but that doesn’t give you permission to act like an idiot. Even if they
could restore your organs, the sheer pain you would undergo from the implosion would
disrupt what concentration you would need to heal yourself – or possibly make things even
worse. With that in mind, I’m forbidding you to practice outside of my observation. It seems
I need to be wary of you taking shortcuts.”
The Phantom Thief had been punching the dummy a few more times before a small stinging
pain caused him to stop. Checking, he saw that the skin on his knuckles had started to tear.
With a breath, he released the magical energy he had been keeping in his limbs before tearing
off his mask in his mind. “Pixie,” he intoned. The fairy persona came forth and once again
healed Ren up with a green light.
“Not the first time I played around with such risks,” Ren pointed out as the persona sat on his
shoulder for emphasis. “Getting thrown into the deep end is honestly how I learn the fastest.
It’s how I learned how to use personas, navigate palaces, and pulled off all my heists. Heck,
it’s pretty much how I’ve learned how to be a Master here. And besides…”
He turned to Waver, giving a confident yet exhausted smile. “We don’t have a lot of time for
traditional methods, do we?” he asked quietly.
Waver’s eye twitched slightly as his frown deepened. As much as he wished to disagree, he
couldn’t. Everything about Chaldea’s circumstances was far too different from the Clock
Tower. There, time was simply another resource to utilize. How much or little everyone had
of it depended on proper usage and investment. But here, a singularity could hit at any time.
It was an understandable concern.
Finally, the Caster sighed aridly. Only Flat was more unreasonable as a student. “At the very
least, do any experimentation or training with my supervision,” he growled. “If we’re taking
such shortcuts, then we might as well be intelligent and cautious about it.”
Ren nodded in agreement. “That works for me,” he accepted. That had been his plan to begin
with anyway. He remembered what Olga had said about magecraft – ‘to walk the path of
magi is to walk alongside death’. She wasn’t the type to exaggerate like that, despite how
panicky she could get. And he had absolutely no intention of wasting his insurance just from
some experiment that went horribly wrong. No, if Waver hadn’t insisted on it first, he
would’ve done so himself.
In the meantime, he turned to his best friend. “How’s it going, Morgana?” he asked.

The catlike being scowled as he glared down at his own limbs. “ Awaken,” he growled out,
trying to push magical energy into the gaps like he had been taught. His circuits flickered on
his diminutive limbs for a moment, then they went out again. “Rrrgh, it’s still not working!”
he groaned in frustration. “I don’t know why! I can’t feel out these ‘gaps’ or my magical
energy just… disappears! What the heck!”
Waver frowned as he pondered. “We did go over both human and cat anatomy in
preparation,” he muttered. “But even then, I was admittedly unsure about you, Morgana. You
are a type of being that admittedly I have not encountered before.” He pondered further,
thinking what the next step would be. “Do you mind if I perform structural analysis on you?”
he asked. “That might give me some insight as to your anatomy and how we can proceed
with reinforcement from there.”
Morgana’s eyes widened before narrowing. “That sounds pretty invasive,” he remarked
suspiciously.
“It is,” the Caster agreed without any hesitation. “Most magi would utterly refuse even at the
cusp of death for fear of any of their secrets being discovered, including and especially their
crests. However, I believe that your inability to use reinforcement may be because of a far
more fundamental issue, one that we would need to keep in mind from now on.”
“And that would be…?” the Thief asked.
Waver raised an eyebrow. “That you are no ordinary cat,” he concluded. “At least, that is the
base reason I surmise. Without further research, it is merely a hypothesis that cannot be
properly concluded without evidence. So, will you allow me to perform structural analysis
and share my findings?”
Morgana gulped, trying to make up his mind. “And there’s no other way?” he pushed.
The Caster shook his head. “Others, but they’ll either be more intrusive or more unreliable,”
he answered. “Even structural analysis would be little more than a preliminary scan for
information before we can proceed with further investigation.”
The catlike being didn’t like the sound of that. He glanced over at Ren, who had also been
listening intently to the explanation, and silently asked for a second opinion.
“You’re not taking this as an opportunity to plumb for secrets, are you?” Ren asked jokingly.
Waver smirked. “I would be more subtle about it if I wished to,” he retorted before shaking
his head. “No, I do mean what I say here. We are all aware Morgana is a fantastical being,
one that defies most standard conventions or definitions we can muster. Bluntly speaking,
I’m surprised he could even use conventional magecraft. But we have reached the point
where more information is required so I can adjust the lessons accordingly.”
He looked over at Morgana. “That is all I ask for,” he concluded. “No more, no less.”
Ren glanced silently back at his friend, who debated with himself a moment longer before
finally sighing. “Fine,” he grumbled. “If I can trust Medea even a bit, then I’ll trust you, El-

Melloi. Do what you gotta do.”
The Caster nodded, understanding his skepticism and not taking it for granted. “I’ll make this
quick,” he reassured as he knelt down. Staring hard at Morgana, he muttered an aria under his
breath as he activated his own circuits and quickly performed structural analysis on the
catlike being. He expected to see mutation of a cat’s anatomy or even some regular innards.
Instead, the findings were… far different than what he expected.
“Well?” Morgana asked anxiously. “What did you find?”
Waver paused, considering how to word this appropriately as he stood back up. “You are…
incredibly different, in every sense of the word, from a regular cat,” he elaborated. “To start
with, you are not composed of flesh and blood. Rather, you are composed of the same
particle that composes Ren personas: What you call magnetites and what magi call spiritrons.
I posit all of that is bound together by some sort of ‘core’ – most likely a soul - though I
cannot confirm without deeper analysis.”
“Secondly, your structure is nothing like I’ve seen before,” he continued. “It feels more akin
to… I would say looking at a piece of code in a program as opposed to any anatomical
structures. I do not know how to describe it any better. And rather than having a solid form
like almost any other living being, yours is… more fluid, for lack of a better term. The closest
comparison would be spirits, but the fundamental structure is still markedly different. Bluntly
speaking, I have never encountered a being like yours before, Morgana, and I very much
doubt I will encounter another.”
Morgana and Ren traded glances at Waver’s answer. They had forgotten that Morgana wasn’t
so much born as he was ‘created’. Igor had created Morgana from the hopes of humanity as a
companion and helper to Ren and the rest of the Phantom Thieves. Even if on the surface he
was similar to a regular cat, that didn’t change he ultimately was an entirely different being.
“So what you’re saying is,” the catlike being concluded slowly. “It’s not possible for me to
use reinforcement.”
“Not the practical form I teach,” the Caster corrected. “It may be possible for you to still
utilize it, but it will be a different method that I cannot conceive of. The basic form of
reinforcement is filling the gaps in your body with magical energy, while the advanced form
is improving on the ‘concept’ of it. How that will work for you, I cannot imagine. But
regardless, I can still instruct you on the theory and further your understanding.”
“Heh, doesn’t sound too far from what we’re doing to begin with,” Ren commented with a
grin. “Creating a foundation of magecraft so we can explore what ours can do further, right?”
Waver nodded. “Correct,” he replied. “As you have emphasized yourself, Amamiya, we don’t
have the luxury of time for a formal magi education. Thus, I am laying out the fundamentals
for now and proceeding from there.” The corners of his mouth lifted in a small smirk. “I’m
rather curious to see where this goes myself,” he finished.
Morgana mused. So his structure wasn’t anything like a regular person’s, meaning he
couldn’t learn traditional reinforcement. However, that didn’t mean reinforcement was

impossible – though what form that would take he couldn’t even guess. He would have to
experiment a bit and learn the theory, but he was eager to find out. Another tool to his already
amazing skill set would be great. That said, something the Caster said stuck in his mind.
“Wait, you said my structure is more… fluid?” he asked. “Does it have to do with my
shapeshifting?”
The Caster immediately whirled around on Morgana. “Your what now?” he asked quickly, his
surprise plain to see.
Ren couldn’t help but laugh. “Ah, knew I forgot to mention something during the new
Servant orientation,” he joked. “But yeah, Morgana can transform between his Metaverse
form – what you see now – and his cat form.”
“And I could even transform into a bus too in the Metaverse,” Morgana proudly piped up.
“And once into a helicopter!”
Waver’s mouth hung open. He was halfway caught between his overwhelming curiosity and
an enormous headache that yet again threatened to pound in his brain. The concept of the
Metaverse, the collective unconsciousness, personas, and magnetites was already much he
had to wrap his head around. While in comparison a transforming, talking cat wasn’t that far
out of the ordinary, it still hit like a football – and he had experienced that once before.
Regaining his composure, he looked over to Morgana. “Show me,” he said.
Morgana grinned. Accessing his circuits like he had countless times before, there was a flash
of light. And when it faded, he was back to his cat form. He chuckled at the Caster’s shocked
expression. “Surprised?” he asked mischievously. “Normally I can’t transform outside of the
Metaverse, but I’m guessing my crest allows me to turn back and forth between this and my
magnificent Phantom Thief self.”
“No bus though,” Ren sighed.
“No bus though,” Morgana agreed sadly as he transformed back with another flash of light.
“It would be rather cool to have another mode of transportation though and… El-Melloi?
What are you thinking?”
Waver, who had been pensive, looked back up. “Amending what sort of lessons need to be
taught,” he answered. “While I had not considered transformation a key part of your
education, it seems I will have to amend that. That said, it does share some concepts with
reinforcement – in this case, imbuing your body with magical energy – though the process
afterward is considerably different. I’ll have to redraft the lesson plan to account for your
structure and your proclivities.”
“But in the meantime, let us continue,” the latter declared. “Even if you are unable to perform
reinforcement in the traditional manner, the theories and concepts behind it are still essential.
Amamiya, continue working on filling in what gaps you can find in your arms for now.
Morgana, we will be going ahead for a bit and teaching you the more advanced theories and
concepts behind the mystery.”

Both of them nodded. “Yes, sensei,” they chorused. Waver watched as Morgana scurried off
to grab his notebook and pen while Ren proceeded to focus once more on his magecraft.
Once again, he could feel the corners of his mouth lift in satisfaction and contentment. He
was the host of a Heroic Spirit far more competent and fitting than he was. Furthermore, he
was summoned in an alternate timeline where the world was different yet incredibly similar
to his own. Yet here he was, teaching fledgling mages as he always did.
‘ I wonder what you would have thought of all this, my liege…?’ he thought to himself. A
booming laughter deep in his memories was the only response.
Within Chaldea, there was a certain section that was entirely unoccupied. It used to be
another wing of the living quarters, meant to house some of the hundreds of staff that worked
in the observatory. The myriad rooms were all just as spacious and comfortable as the others,
yet they haven’t been touched for a long time. Not even Servants occupied this wing, nor did
they currently need to. There were plenty of unused rooms in the current living quarters, after
all.
Unofficially, this part of Chaldea was known simply as the graveyard. Many of its occupants
had perished from the bombing, and the few that remained soon moved to be with others,
unable to withstand either the solitude or grief. Occasionally, one of the staff wandered here
to pay their respects or simply to remember. Most of the time though, only the robots rolled
through, keeping the hallways and bedrooms immaculate while following the instructions of
their former occupants as they had always done.
In the middle of the wing was a large storage closet. Normally it held cleaning supplies and
miscellaneous tools, but it had since been repurposed. Now the shelves and floor were lined
with countless boxes, each of them labeled and clearly marked with a name and department.
Every parcel bore the possessions of those who had passed on: Their tools, personal effects,
and other such items – proof that they had once lived. They sat there silently, awaiting the
day they would be distributed to owners’ next of kin.
And that was where Joan found herself, staring at the countless boxes. She heard nothing
around her and saw nothing but the names listed on each one. None of these names were
familiar to her, not even the ones the staff rarely whispered to one another. They mean
nothing to her. They should mean nothing to her. And yet…
Finally, she sighed. “What the hell am I doing here,” she muttered to herself.
“That is what I want to know as well.”
The incarnated Lancer whipped around to see Tamamo materializing, a frown clear on her
face as her tails waved in irritation. “I do hope you’re not considering disturbing this place,”
she said warningly. “I had believed you had since moved on from desecrating the dead.”
Joan scowled. “What the hell makes you think I’m doing such a thing?” she snarled. “You
wanna accuse someone of something like that, then go find Loki. Like hell I’m doing
anything of the sort.”

“Then what precisely are you doing?” the miko asked in turn, her eyes burrowing into Joan.
“Why is it exactly any of your business?” the former doppelganger snarled in turn. “Last I
checked, you aren’t exactly in a position to throw stones yourself even if I was.”
Tamamo scowled at the insinuation. “Regardless, I ask that you explain yourself, Joan,” she
snapped. “Unless you wish for the situation to completely devolve – and I assure you on that
front, I have no trouble casting stones if need be.”
The two women glared at each other for a moment, then Joan sighed angrily. “I wanted to see
what peoples’ lives were like,” she snarled. “There, you happy now?!”
The unexpected answer blasted away the Caster’s anger, with pure astonishment and
confusion taking its place. “I… beg your pardon?” she asked, unsure if she heard correctly.
Turning back around, she looked around in the room. “You know what each of these boxes
hold?” she elaborated. “The things of each deceased person. Apparently, that bombing in
Chaldea we were told about took out most of the staff here. Aside from their ashes,
whatever’s in here is all that remains of them.”
Tamamo frowned. “That is… a rather pedestrian reason to come here,” she commented, a
note of disapproval and puzzlement in her tone. “Surely such a question could be answered
by anyone else? Ren Amamiya, for instance.”
Joan groaned again in frustration. “No, you don’t get it!” she snapped. “Just…. picture it like
this - I’m not a Servant or a Heroic Spirit or any kind of entity like that. I’ve been incarnated,
given a second chance. And that means I can be killed – by anyone, by anything, if they can
get past every kind of bullshit I can throw at them, assuming I even can.”
She jabbed a finger at the boxes. “If that’s the case, then what would my box be filled with?”
she asked rhetorically. “What the hell would anyone put inside there?”
The Caster frowned as she crossed her arms. “I believe that would be a monk’s goal,” she
couldn’t help but remark. “But I believe I get the gist: You are worried what traces of your
life you will leave in the end, correct?”
“Not just traces,” the Lancer corrected. “Just… something. Anything . Ren had a point about
one thing: Aside from atoning for all that I did, I basically got… well, nothing. After I’m
done – if I’m ever done – then what’s next?” She sagged against the doorframe, all her anger
and energy burnt out of her as she ran a hand through her white hair. “What the hell do I do
after?” she murmured.
Tamamo’s eyes softened. Despite their initial hostility, even she couldn’t help but be a bit
sympathetic to her situation. “And so you have come here to find some sort of clue or idea,”
she concluded. “It makes… a certain form of sense, I suppose.”
The former doppelganger shot a halfhearted glare at the boxes. “Does it?” she scoffed.
“Because now I’m wondering if I’m just wasting my time. All I’m doing is going through
dead people’s crap for my own curiosity and problems.” She stared them down a moment

longer, then let out an irritated breath. “Screw it, this is pointless,” she muttered, more to
herself than anyone else. Turning around, she made to leaveOnly for Tamamo to brush past her as she stepped in and walked toward the boxes, to Joan’s
surprise. “Hey, weren’t you the one getting on my case for possibly desecrating the dead?”
she asked.
“Yes, but you were not,” the Caster answered as her eyes scanned over the boxes. “And
neither am I. Reflecting on the past – be it your own or others’ – is a way of memorializing
them, no? In that regard, what is being done here is respecting and celebrating their lives.” As
she spoke, she selected a box. With her slender fingers, she slid it out with ease and placed it
on the ground.
Joan’s eyes widened as she quickly checked outside in concern. “Are you serious right now?”
she hissed.
The miko frowned as she looked back up at the Lancer. “If that is your goal, then do not
proceed halfheartedly,” she chided. “Either decide whether you can find some sort of hint
here or not at all. And as I am already here, then at the very least I do not wish to find my
time wasted accusing someone for nothing.”
The former doppelganger struggled with herself, then finally groaned in frustration as she
stepped back in, closing the door behind her. “Just as long as we don’t break or take
anything,” she grumbled.
Tamamo scoffed again. “Perish the thought,” she replied dismissively. So long as it wasn’t
particularly useful or interesting, anyway. “Now, let us begin.”
Joan frowned, then crouched apprehensively next to the Caster as she cut the tape with an
elegant stroke of her nail. Opening it, they looked at its contents: balls of yarn and knitting
needles, with a barely started article of blue cloth, as well as a locket. “… Huh. They liked
knitting,” she could only comment.
The Caster nodded in agreement. “So they did,” she murmured. Picking up the locket, she
carefully opened it – and her eyes widened slightly. “I see.”
The doppelganger glanced over in curiosity. There were two women beaming at the picture,
one elderly and one much younger – a brunette in her twenties seemingly. “Didn’t realize
they employed anyone that old here,” she commented.
The miko shook her head. “It’s not the older one who was employed,” she replied. At Joan’s
questioning look, she pointed at the picture. “Look – the older woman is wearing a woolen
sweater and the younger one isn’t. It is more likely the younger woman knitted it for her,
given what we see here.” She nodded over to the balls of yarn and the partially knitted cloth.
“Perhaps it’s her mother or even grandmother? At the very least, it’s someone worth the
incredible effort.”
Joan stared down at the picture in the pendant, then at the yarn. Loved ones, enough that they
were worth the effort and resources for. Did she have anyone like that? Would she be able to

dedicate something similar if she ever found someone like that? Who would even qualify for
such a thing anyway?
A certain saint immediately in her mind – and Joan just as promptly shoved the thought out
of her mind. Not her.
“Nothing here,” she growled.
Tamamo raised an eyebrow, but nevertheless nodded. Taking one last glance at the picture
within, she closed the locket, placed it back in the box, and with a bit of her arts sealed the
box once again, like it had never been opened in the first place. Placing the box back where
she had found it, she selected the next box. “Let us see what this one holds then,” she stated.
They continued through box after box of the deceased ones’ possessions, Joan gradually
losing her reluctance while Tamamo became more and more curious as to what they held.
Most of them were fairly innocuous: a few contained portable gaming consoles or DVD
players, many contained books of varying genres, various figurines or dolls, and even more
miscellaneous items.
Some boxes they unearthed even had items of… questionable natures. Joan could only stare
at these, slack jawed. “How the hell did they even manage to get these in here?!” she
spluttered, barely able to suppress the redness in her cheeks. “W-was the security that crappy
or d-did they just not care?!”
Tamamo huffed in disappointment. “It seems men are the same no matter where they go,” she
remarked with annoyance. Inwardly, she couldn’t help but be curious as to said contents. At
minimum, it all seemed rather educational and at most, it seemed rather entertaining to
experiment with. Perhaps she could look into these a bit further when she had the spare
time…
“It’s a woman,” Joan corrected, double checking the name on the box.
The Caster stared back down at the items in a new light at the information. “Hm, so it is,” she
commented. Even better.
In the meantime, they continued going through all and puzzling out more of the deceased’s
possessions. The miko hummed as they looked through the latest box, filled with various car
and motocycle magazines as well as figures. “Nothing here either,” she mused. “Well then,
best we move on to the next one,” she stated matter-of-factly. She sealed the box up and
repaired the tape once again with a quick use of a talisman and witchcraft before placing it
back up with the others. She looked over at the other boxes, then began sliding another one
out.
“No.”
She stopped and glanced up at the Lancer in surprise. “Oh?” she inquired with a raised
eyebrow. “I thought we are well past any further arguments about desecrating the dead.
Unless you speak of something else?”

Joan shook her head. “It just… doesn’t feel right,” she muttered. She rested against the boxes
while looking at the filled shelf across from her while Tamamo simply put the parcel back in
its place. “Just… trying to figure out these people from what they had kinda feels… shitty,”
she muttered.
She looked up at the myriad parcels. “I’m going through the belongings of the deceased and
we find out a few things from them, but that’s it. It’s like being given a riddle, except several
words are missing. ‘ I play games and read in my spare time, and I blank and blank and do
blank. Who am I?’ And now I just made myself look and feel like an asshole.”
The former doppelganger could only sigh. “This was a waste of time.”
Tamamo hummed. “Maybe so,” she admitted. “You cannot judge a book by its cover, or a
person by what they possess, after all. Well, perhaps you can, but it’s hardly an objective
measure.”
Joan groaned in frustration as she ran her hand through her hair again. “So in the end, I’m
back where I started,” she snarled. “Wonderful. Just. Fucking. Wonderful.”
“Calm yourself,” the Caster chided with a frown. “You get worked up over the smallest
matters without good reason.” She looked over at the boxes. With how they were each
marked with a name and how they bore the owners’ belongings, they certainly did feel like
graves. What they did was rather disrespectful, and the negativity they would garner if they
were found out would be rather inconvenient to deal with.
But, well, disrespect and negative opinions meant nothing compared to what needed to be
done when necessary.
“Tell me, what do you feel is so abhorrent about going through the possessions of those who
have passed on?” Tamamo asked, earning Joan’s confused stare. “It is not something utterly
unfamiliar to you if I recall your tale correctly. You did not mind it then, and those who’ve
passed away certainly have no need for any of this. Why do you mind it now?”
Joan was about to snarl back in anger when she noticed the fox miko’s golden eyes bearing
down at her without judgement, insult, or malice, just questioning and curiosity. This wasn’t
some pointed statement – it was a genuine question. “Because… look, the dead deserve some
respect,” she growled. “It’s… I don’t know how to phrase it better, okay? It’s just wrong to
do so. Even if I want to find some sort of answer or hint, this isn’t the way to go about it.”
The Caster nodded sagely in satisfaction. “Then there you go,” she concluded.
The former doppelganger blinked. “There… what goes?” she questioned, confused.
“You have set standards for yourself,” Tamamo elaborated. “You draw the line of what is
right and what is wrong – not simply with morality but also practicality. It is quite surprising
how many people forget one or more aspects of that.” She smiled as she leaned against the
boxes across from Joan. “What answers do you think you can find here?”

The Lancer was silent for a moment as she stared at the graves. “None that are worth it,” she
answered, her voice quiet.
The Caster’s smile widened. “Then perhaps seek your answers from the living, rather than
the dead,” she suggested. “And if you wish to seek answers from those who are gone
anyway… I’m sure you can find some other methods.”
Joan narrowed her eyebrows. “Like…?” she asked.
The miko fixed her a flat, annoyed stare. “I’m not here to baby you,” she replied curtly. “You
can find that particular answer yourself. Now if you’re done here, leave. I’m sure the others
would appreciate a quieter rest at this point.” She nodded over to the boxes behind Joan to
emphasize her point.
“You’re the one that’s being loud,” the Lancer muttered. Nevertheless, she stood back up.
Tamamo was right: If she had no reason to be here, then she shouldn’t linger any longer than
she needed to. And she had another point: she could find the answers to such questions
herself. To hell with getting help where it wasn’t necessary, not when she needed to find her
own path. Just as she was about to walk out the door, she stopped. “… Thanks,” she
murmured, almost too quiet to hear.
The Caster didn’t react, save for a slight twitch of her ears. A moment later, Joan was gone.
Finally, the miko breathed out a heavy sigh, dropping her composure as a scowl appeared on
her face. She had expected troublesome circumstances when she had first been summoned
here to help save humanity and the world, but this was getting ridiculous. Almost everything
around her was outright ridiculous. Incarnated Servants, Personas, her (grudgingly) peer, and
her Masters.
Or that is to say, Master. Ritsuka and Morgana were rather straightforward as far as Masters
go; the former was a girl who was far too in over her head and was doing her best to learn
and compensate, and the latter was a being who was perfectly content being a subordinate.
Neither of which she found fault in – if anything, she found it endearing, understandable, and
most importantly, she could easily work with it.
Ren Amamiya, however, was an anomaly. Tamamo never encountered someone who stepped
on, straddled, and danced between as many different lines as the Phantom Thief. It was
incredibly difficult and frustrating to get some sort of reading or bead on him. He was a man
filled with all sorts of different contradictions between virtue, sin, and desires and yet
somehow made it all work regardless. How was she supposed to deal with that?!
Still, there was one particular trait that she could at least somewhat understand, and even that
was fraught with its own complications: His desire to help people beyond himself. From what
she could tell, he helped people out of a selfish desire… to see people be better by their own
steps? One could argue that it was a selfless desire but that was what Ren wanted for himself
as well. It was such a paradox that she found herself with a headache even trying to think
about it.

Even then, she couldn’t help but find it intriguing in its own way. And if he could make such
a confusing hodgepodge of morality and selfishness work, then she might as well emulate
that – and Joan happened to be there. Ren had been doing what he could to assist her in
finding her identity, so she might as well give a small hand in that.
She smirked to herself. Well, Joan found out what she didn’t want and was taking steps on
another path. And it only took rooting through the possessions of those who couldn’t really
stop them. This was certainly a win in her book.
Taking a casual glance back into the closet, Tamamo idly pondered whether she wanted to get
those particular items out of the box for herself, then shook her head. No need for now. She
would simply keep them in mind and find other methods. Ones that would create less
complications and inconveniences for her. Reaching in, she simply turned off the lights and
closed the door before departing. A cup of freshly brewed green tea was called for here.
And with any luck, she would encounter that rather confusing Master. At this point, it was
about time she got some answers about him.
In the depths of Medea’s workshop, the Caster did one last scan of her list to make sure there
weren’t any details she had excluded or any loopholes she had been missing. It was a list of
the changes she had made on her bedroom, including general descriptions of the magecraft
she had utilized to create her workshop. There was also a list of various tools and items she
either created, would create, or requested for her work – again, also written in generalized
statements. The last thing she wanted to do was give away her secrets.
The list was simply a normal courtesy when setting up within another magus’s territory to
work. It was a matter of respect and a mutually beneficial partnership, a tradition any magus
worth their salt was familiar with – and especially those who learned directly under Hecate.
And Chaldea was Da Vinci’s territory. While other Casters had been summoned before her,
she had no information whether they did something similar.
Well, that mattered little either way – what mattered right now was establishing a decent
rapport with the overseer of the facility.
The Caster pointed at a nearby candle on the desk, causing it to burn more intensely and give
off more light. She was never taught this process back during her childhood. She was meant
to be a priestess, after all, not just a magus. She was typically removed from most politics, at
most a piece to be married off at most or simply dedicated to a temple, out of sight and out of
mind. However, she had ascended to the position of queen multiple times, enough to
understand matters of bureaucracy and how high-ranking magi worked.
It was headache inducing, to put it mildly, but social graces often did. By establishing herself
with a friendly rapport with Da Vinci, the plan was to gain her goodwill - enough to work
with and allow for some flexibility in her present and future actions. Starting off on a cordial
relationship never hurts, after all, and unless they were betrayers like Jason, things should
work out well. And if they were betrayers of such caliber…

She sighed aridly. At this point, she was running herself in circles. The most she can do is
have preparations and contingencies in case things went wrong, as they often did in her life.
Otherwise, she had better things to do.
Standing up, she straightened out the papers and walked through a door that led outside – or
rather, a bounded field designed to emulate the outside. The afternoon sun shone brightly in
the near-cloudless sky as a warm breeze gently floated by, ruffling her robes and the grass
around her. This particular bounded field has been designed to emulate her homeland of
Greece, down to the soil composition and weather patterns.
A pang of nostalgia rang out in her heart. It had been a long time since she had been home.
Still, it wasn’t because of sentiment she created this bounded field.
Shoving such feelings aside, she strode over to a nearby tilled flowerbed, neatly partitioned
into four quadrants. This was where she had been growing the silphium her Master had given
her. One quadrant she allowed to grow naturally, watering them and using fertilizer. The only
magecraft used was simply designed to accelerate their growth rate so they would reach
maturity in a week rather than months. That was her control group. The other quadrants were
where she had been experimenting, using various forms of magecraft and magical energy to
alter their growth and properties.
Kneeling, she checked on the various sprouts that popped out of the dirt. A scroll and quill
appeared nearby at a mental command. “Quadrant two is showing accelerated growth rate,”
she murmured as she critically looked over a stalk. “However, it is showing signs of early
withering. More nutrients may be necessary. Will need also need to analyze the soil chemistry
and check for ambient mana levels – the current amount may be insufficient for its
accelerated growth.”
The quill dutifully wrote down Medea’s findings, analyses, and ponderings. So long as she
had these seeds, there was no reason why she couldn’t experiment with them. It was a good
way to spend her time, as well as prove her usefulness to her Masters. She already had a few
ideas in her mind what kind of potions she could brew with just the control group, but having
more ingredients and samples never hurt. She would need more catalysts and reagents before
long, but that could be discussed with Da Vinci as well as Morgana once she had something
to present.
Nodding with satisfaction at the current growth of the silphium seeds, she stood back up. As
the scroll and quill vanished and stored themselves away in her workshop, she pondered as
she made her way to the door. Though she knew a decent amount about botany and alchemy,
they weren’t her strongest suits. More research and experimentation would be required if she
wanted to utilize them to their true potential. It was something she was admittedly looking
forward to.
Walking quietly through the halls, she noted the reactions of those she passed by. The robots
didn’t care about her presence whatsoever, simply on their way to or dealing with their
assigned tasks. What useful automatons they were. It reminded her a bit of her dragontooth
soldiers, albeit with more utility. She barely trusted those things to wield their swords
properly, let alone clean up some corner of her home. One or two of her own in her workshop
to keep things tidy would certainly be helpful.

The staff… some of them looked away from her as they passed by. Others nodded
respectfully in greeting, a courtesy she returned in kind. Yet in each and every one of them,
she could see the light of apprehension in their gaze. They were unsure what to make of her:
Would she betray them if it suited her? Were they nothing more than pawns or even
experimental subjects in her eyes? Nothing more than bodies to be carved up like she had
once done to her own kin?
She could only smile bitterly to herself. Well, that was the reputation she had garnered for
herself, after all: The Witch of Betrayal. At least it was something she was more than
accustomed to and it meant they would stay out of her way. Just as she wished.
“And so the legendarily mad sorceress deigned to step out of her hidey hole for her own
purposes. What were they? Beneficial? Nefarious? Or perhaps both? Only she would know,
and she didn’t feel particularly like sharing.”
The Caster whipped around at the sudden mocking narration, a magic circle appearing in the
air out of reflex beside her – and she came face to face with a brunette woman with a
sardonic grin, dressed in suit-like clothes. “Bravo for the reflexes,” she remarked. “Though
quite unnecessary in this case.”
Medea’s frown deepened. It was clear that this woman was a Servant like her, but she
couldn’t glean any details here. “I don’t believe we have been acquainted,” she stated,
keeping her tone as neutral as possible as the circle fizzled out.
“I’d be surprised if we did, given I was under house arrest until recently,” she answered,
grinning as the witch’s eyes widened. The woman bowed towards the Caster. “I am an
Avenger class Servant – Loki,” they introduced themselves. “Pleased to make your
acquaintance, Medea of Colchis.”
“… charmed,” Medea replied, trying to maintain her composure. The Norse trickster god
here, of all places? And what is this form they had taken? Was it simply a whim of theirs, or
was it a mortal being the host of a god? Knowing the proclivities of gods, it could very well
be a myriad of answers, and none of them were to her liking. “I had not expected such a
presence here, I must admit,” she commented neutrally.
Loki chuckled. “Most haven’t, and many still don’t,” they agreed. “Even I’m still surprised
by my presence here, yet here I am. I have no doubt it’s due to Ren Amamiya that I’m
around. It’s rather amusing in a way how much he warps everything around him, even just his
presence alone.”
That caught the witch’s attention. “Are you saying your presence here is because of Ren
Amamiya?” she asked sharply.
The Avenger raised an eyebrow, a sardonic smile stretching across their face at the sudden
curiosity. “My presence?” they echoed. “Ah, if only it were that simple. It would be more
accurate to say my very existence is because of him. It was a conundrum that had only
recently been ven halfway resolved and I must say, even now, I find it deeply amusing.”
Their grin widened. “I admit, it is rather amusing bringing newcomers up to speed. The
expressions are always amusing.”

Medea’s lips pressed into a hard line in irritation. “And I suppose you will not inform me of
how your existence came about?” she asked rhetorically.
“Now why would I do that?” the trickster god replied with a broad grin. “If you wish for
answers, then perhaps you should speak to our dear old Master. Of course, I make no
promises that said answers won’t leave even more questions for you, but that’s half the fun of
figuring him out, I say.”
The Caster scowled at the evident amusement of the Avenger before collecting herself. She
was getting absorbed in their pace thanks to her shock – a simple mistake she shouldn’t have
made in the first place. She needed to focus. “Do you happen to know where Leonardo Da
Vinci is?” she asked calmly, hoping to at least get one straight answer.
“And now we’ve come to the crux of your matter,” Loki remarked. Before Medea could fully
lose her temper, the Avenger jerked a thumb down the hall. “Last I saw, she’s at the command
center. She’d be delighted to meet you.”
“I’m sure,” Medea replied automatically. She had entertained this fool long enough. “If that is
the case, I bid you good day, Loki.”
“And same to you,” the trickster god replied in turn. They silently stared at Medea as she
walked off, bundle of papers in hand, and smirked. Well, this ought to be an amusing turn of
affairs whenever she encountered Ren. They hoped they would be around when it did occur.
The Caster scowled to herself underneath her hood as she considered Loki’s words. From
even scant observations, it would seem that Ren Amamiya was the very crux of this facility.
Morale, combat effectiveness, interpersonal relationships – he was at the center of them all
like a spider on a web. A single pluck on a string from him would send ripples through,
attracting more flies or predators as he willed.
That stare from him when she was first summoned, like he was dissecting her with just his
vision alone. Before she knew it, her scowl grew deeper. As if she needed yet more reasons to
dislike the boy.
That said, she would also be a fool to take the Avenger’s words at face value. Even if they
had not lied, that didn’t mean it couldn’t be spun into some form of deceit or trickery. No, the
only way to figure out anything about Ren Amamiya was to look into him herself. But that
came later. For now, she needed to establish a foundation. She had time and resources. There
was no need to rush it.
As a pair of staff talking about getting some alcohol later passed by her, she entered the
command center. As always, it was buzzing with activity: The staff were at their computers,
working and monitoring, while CHALDEAS was currently lit up like a gigantic fireball. She
couldn’t help but look about in curiosity. While she had been here once from the tour, she
hadn’t had much of a chance to explore Chaldea properly, as busy as she was with her own
work. That was yet another thing that needed to be rectified.
She found her quarry almost as soon as she stepped in: Da Vinci was at the main console. She
was leaning back in her chair at ease, sipping at a cup of coffee and despite her smile, was

seemingly wincing at the taste. The monitors had dozens of windows and programs on
display, showing all sorts of data that the inventor had no trouble at all observing.
Occasionally, she leaned over to tap on the keyboard, showing different windows or different
sets of data before sitting back once more with a contented smile.
Medea observed with some curiosity. Though admittedly everything she saw was unfamiliar
to her, she had seen types like Da Vinci before: Those who are confident in their skills and
knowledge, utilizing them with a simplicity and ease that belied the underlying mastery.
Granted, it was possible she was simply very good at acting competent, but as a Servant, the
witch highly doubted she would have such a high position if she didn’t have any iota of skill.
Putting her observations aside, she stepped forward, her cloak gently fluttering with each
step. Da Vinci glanced over in surprise and beamed. “Why, Medea!” she chirped. “This is
unexpected. To what do I owe the pleasure?”
Medea stiffened slightly before forcing herself to relax. “I have taken the liberty of writing
down the bounded fields and mysteries I have enacted on my bedroom to turn it into my
workshop,” she reported, handing over the list. “As well as a few requests that I seek
permission for.”
Da Vinci raised an eyebrow as she took the list. “Oh?” she hummed in curiosity. “Well, I’ll
admit you are the first Caster to have come to me with such a thing – though I do greatly
appreciate the courtesy.”
The Witch frowned slightly. “They haven’t?” she echoed.
The inventor shook her head as a pair of glasses appeared in her hand. “Tamamo has simply
enacted her own bounded fields in her bedroom without consulting anybody,” she answered
as she began reading. “While El-Melloi has seen no need to – most of what he asks for is on a
per-item basis. Considering his tasks in Chaldea, he hasn’t had much reason to fashion his
own workshop aside from your standard sealed cabinets.”
Medea barely mastered her expression from the pure shock she felt. The thought that
Leonardo da Vinci was an utter fool floated in her mind for a second before she dismissed it.
The Renaissance period was known not only for its breakthroughs in art, sciences, and
mathematics, but also for its political intrigue and backstabbing throughout all social classes
– commoners, merchants, and nobles alike.
“That… seems like a risk,” the witch noted in as neutral a tone as possible.
“Oh, it is,” Da Vinci agreed without hesitation or looking up. “But life would be rather boring
if it was always safe, and even more so when it’s bogged down by red tape and bureaucracy.”
She flipped to the next page on the list. “Especially when we have all been summoned for a
common goal, after all.”
Medea frowned slightly. “A common goal doesn’t guarantee trustworthy allies,” she pointed
out. “Even one person going amiss could easily jeopardize the entire mission.” She knew all
too well: the Argonauts may have been a singular crew filled with some of the greatest heroes
in Greece but despite their clear objectives, they were at each other’s necks more often than

not. Most of it was because they were hotheads but Jason certainly wasn’t the greatest help
either.
“That’s true,” the genius admitted easily. “But it’s because of the mission’s importance that
there needs to be a foundation of trust. We are hardly going to get anywhere if we must look
over our shoulders or each other’s work all the time.” She flipped over another page before
adjusting her glasses. “The ragazzo’s situation – Ren’s – has made that exceptionally clear.”
That boy again! It felt like everything here revolved around him! “It’s rare a Master is so
venerated in any locale,” she remarked, staring up at the burning orb that is CHALDEAS.
“Are they simply so respected in this time and circumstance? What of the other two Masters,
Ritsuka and Morgana?” Speaking of which, she would need to find that catlike Master and
report to him how the seeds were doing. She mentally filed that task away for later.
Da Vinci glanced up with a knowing smile. “How diplomatic of you, Medea,” she purred,
amused. “But no, Masters aren’t especially ‘venerated’, per se. It’s more that the ragazzo is…
singular, would be the best way to put it.”
“Singular?” The witch echoed in question.
The Uomo Universale ’ s smile widened. “Speak with him some time,” she answered
enigmatically. “And you’ll quickly find out. I don’t believe words are enough to truly
describe him.” Meanwhile, she handed the list back to the witch. “Looks good to me,” she
replied cheerfully. “And a few of these requests… I shall leave up to your discretion.”
That caught Medea off-guard as she took the list back. She had included a few requests that
were obviously completely unreasonable for any self-respecting magus, or even a regular
person, as a test. She wanted to know how they would deal with disagreements or conflict, as
well as testing the boundaries of both the facility and of Da Vinci. “You don’t wish to discuss
the matter further?” she questioned.
“More like there isn’t a necessity,” Da Vinci replied as she took off her glasses. “You created
this list and sought me out with your own initiative, did you not? You also showed concern
when you heard that other Casters hadn’t done something similar while gauging the
circumstances of your own summoning and Masters.”
Her smile became wry as her eyes glittered with amusement. “I understand your caution and
diplomacy, but I did just say there needs to be a foundation of trust, no?” she pointed out.
“I’m sure you’re aware of what happens if such a foundation is undermined – and especially
if one is found out to be the cause. I doubt that will be a problem in this case, however.”
The witch blinked several times. Then a small, amused smile creased her lips. “You are quite
a formidable woman, Leonardo Da Vinci,” she commented.
“Same to you, Medea of Colchis,” the genius complimented easily.
Suddenly, the monitor flashed red, immediately catching the attention of both women. Da
Vinci immediately slid back to the computer, her smile gone as she rapidly opened up a new

window – and her eyes widened. “Damn,” she cursed as she activated the intercom. “
Chaldea, we have a breach in High-Security Storage Unit 1-H! ”
She noticed Medea sidling up beside her and opened a map, indicating where the problem
was. The witch looked it over, then dashed off, disappearing into golden dust. “I repeat,
breach in High-Security Storage Unit 1-H!” Da Vinci continued. “All available Servants and
Masters, head over and intercept the breach! This is not a drill!”
Meanwhile, Medea moved at full speed towards the indicated room. As she did so, Da
Vinci’s words rang out in her mind – mainly because they were the same as what Morgana
said to her. Trust? They bandy that word about so freely, yet it wasn’t careless. Was that truly
some sort of foundational tenet of this facility? The core between their relationship between
Master and Servant? It was truly naïve – she knew all too well how easily trust could be
taken advantage of and broken.
Then for a moment, the image of a dead-eyed man in a green suit appeared in her mind. Well,
sometimes it could work out.
It wasn’t long before she reached the indicated storage area – at the same time as Artoria,
who materialized right outside as well. They both stared at each other in surprise, then turned
back to the door. This wasn’t the time for personal issues or conflicts. ‘ We have arrived at
the storage unit, Masters,’ Artoria reported telepathically. ‘ Medea is on-site as well.’
As the Saber reported, the Caster quickly analyzed the structure of the storage unit. As she
expected, there were multiple bounded fields and seals in place to keep spiritual beings out.
While someone of her caliber could subvert the protections, it would take time and care to do
so. Alternatively, one could simply brute force the protections – a mid-level Servant could
simply blast themselves through with sufficient enough power.
Only…
“There’s no signs of a breach,” she murmured, catching Artoria’s attention. “All the
protections are still in place, and obviously there is no sign of forced physical entry either.
And even if they put the protections back up, that would take time and care – which means
they wouldn’t have tripped any sort of alarm either.”
“So the alarm has been tripped but all the protections are still in place,” the king murmured
slowly. “I do not think the facility would have faulty alarms, especially in such a secure area.
Thus, the only conclusion would be…”
Artoria’s words trailed into silence as both her and Medea’s eyes widened. ‘ Masters, find Da
Vinci and have this door opened immediately!’ the king thundered. ‘ The infiltrator is inside
the storage unit!’
There was a brief but panicked pause over the mental connection. A moment later, the door
snapped open and both Servants immediately rushed in, weapons at the ready.
“-told you, we don’t need to take all of them! Just one!”

“Oh hush, darling! They were here, were they not? There’s no reason not to take all of them
if there is the opportunity!”
“And now we’ve wasted too much time here! Er- ah, crap.”
The infiltrators were not what they expected. Inside was a tall, buxom woman with long,
flowing white hair and startlingly pale blue eyes. She wore a simple white dress that exposed
a surprising amount of her chest and left her bare-armed, her pale skin practically glowing in
the dim light. On her shoulder and arguing with her was what appeared to be a stuffed bear
wearing a caveman loincloth.
For a moment, the four all stared at each other, Artoria with her wind-coated invisible blade
and Medea with her staff and two arcane circles glowing ominously midair. Then the
unknown woman was the first to act as she reached over and grabbed“DARLING, PROTECT MEEEE!!!!” she cried as she thrust the stuffed bear toward them.
“Eh?! Oi, oi!” the stuffed bear cried in an obviously masculine voice, flailing its stubby limbs
helplessly. “What the hell are you asking me for?! Aren’t you the one with all the power
here?!?”
The two Servants shared a bemused look about the whole situation. Finally, Medea cleared
her throat, though neither of them dropped their guard.
“To what do we owe the pleasure of your presence, Lady Artemis?”

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 110: Artemis
Chapter Summary

Goddesses are fickle. Artemis is no exception.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

High Security Storage Unit 1-H was a specialized containment unit. Originally, it was
designated as storage for items of incredibly high mystery or magical energy recovered from
campaigns in singularities. Aside from storage, within were various tools and equipment
designed not only for analyses but also to siphon power either to run experiments or in an
emergency, utilize them as impromptu power sources. It was functional both as storage and
as a laboratory, and required high-ranking permissions in order to even enter, let alone handle
anything within.
These days, the storage unit served much the same purpose though more specialized: It held
the Grails collected from the singularities. Each one was kept in a separate compartment
within the unit, with sensors and bounded fields designed to monitor their status and
partitions designed to prevent any instability and interactions. The storage housed the three
Grails Chaldea had collected thus far: France, Rome, and the odd singularity that Elizabeth
had created.
And in Artemis’s hands was a Grail.
“May I ask as to what we owe the pleasure, Lady Artemis?” Medea asked coolly. Despite her
courtesy, the arcane circles she had conjured still glowed ominously while Artoria’s blade
hadn’t lowered in the slightest. The Caster knew all the Greek gods by sight and even if she
hadn’t seen Artemis in this form, she bore a certain air that to her was unmistakable. It was a
part of her education from Hecate – especially if it pertained to the authority of the gods.
The woman’s – Artemis’s – eyes widened in surprise before bursting into a grin. “Oh, I didn’t
realize there would be a person who knew me here!” she chirped. “My apologies though, I’m
afraid I don’t recognize you. I don’t believe you’re one of my hunters.” She glanced over at
the little teddy bear. “What about you, darling?” she asked. “Do you recognize her?”
The teddy bear perched up on her shoulder, squinting his eyes. “Hm, it’s hard to tell with that
hood on,” he answered bluntly. “And I don’t recognize that companion of hers either. They’re
very fine-looking ladies though, from what little I’m seeing.”
“ Darling?” Artemis asked, a very dangerous edge to her tone. Despite her tone, neither
Medea nor Artoria felt threatened by it – rather, they simply looked over to the bear who,
despite being made of cloth, somehow seemed to start sweating.

“J-just an observation, my dear,” he quickly reassured Artemis nervously. He cleared his
throat to regain his composure. “Mind if you lower your hood so I can get a good look at
you?” he asked. “Your face might jog my memory.”
Medea’s gloved hand clenched her hand tighter around her staff. “That will not be necessary,”
she replied quietly. “For I don’t believe we have ever met in life. However, I believe I might
have an inkling of who you might be.”
“Oh?” he asked, smirking. “Did tales of my charm reach even your ears too- grk!”
Before the teddy bear could continue flirting, Artemis had grabbed it by the throat and was
outright throttling it. “ You have a lot of nerve flirting with other women in front of me,
Darling,” she snarled. “ I thought we had discussed about your philandering ways. ”
“Gack-! W-we did, we did!” it yelled in a panic. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry! Please let me go!”
Once more, the two Servants could only bemusedly glance at each other. This was getting
nowhere fast. Before they could continue their questioning, rapid footsteps echoed outside
the hallway, and soon a large contingent of Servants, combined with Ren, Morgana, Ritsuka,
Mash, and Roman arrived. They all had their weapons or tools at the ready for whoever the
infiltrator wasAnd stared at the young woman who was strangling a teddy bear while grasping the Grail in
her free hand. Ritsuka was first to break the silence, clearing the throat. “So, uh,” she
stammered. “Mind telling us what the heck is going on here?!”
“So… you were trying to steal our moon dumplings.” Roman repeated slowly.
“We were!” Artemis confirmed cheerfully.
“But instead, you missed our pantry and ended up in this high security storage unit,” said
Ritsuka.
“Yep,” the teddy bear – Orion, apparently – grumbled.
“And you decided to help yourself to our Grails because… they were right there,” Ren
continued.
“And that’s about the sum of it!” the goddess said with a beaming smile. “Any questions?”
“Yes, just one,” Morgana replied, his eye twitching. “ How does any of this make any sense at
all?!?”
Artemis shrugged with a light smile. “I’m a goddess,” she replied airily. “What is beyond
most mortals is not beyond me.”
Several people turned to look suspiciously at Loki, who raised an eyebrow. “Don’t ask me,
my authorities are different from hers,” they replied flatly. “And for that matter, for
infiltration, I basically cheat. You of all people should know, Ren. Morgana.”

Orion buried his face in a paw. “Look, we don’t know how we got here either,” he grumbled.
“We wanted moon dumplings and got here instead. That’s really all we can tell you.”
Roman sighed in exhaustion. “Well, it’s a bit early in the season but we can probably share
some,” he grumbled. “Just… give us back our Grails and we can show you around Chaldea.”
The goddess’s smile widened. “Nope!”
The cheery yet blunt refusal caught everyone off guard. “Wh-what do you mean ‘nope’?!”
Ritsuka demanded.
“The reason why I was going for those moon dumplings in the first place was because you
were going to celebrate without me, weren’t you?” she huffed, pouting. “I wanted to take
those to teach you all a lesson. But now I have these Grails instead, and since they’re shiny,
I’m keeping them! I now have three of them too, which works for me!”
The atmosphere became decidedly frostier at her declaration. Unbeknownst to the goddess,
Jing Ke was already standing behind Artemis at Ritsuka’s orders, her blade at the ready. Ren
stepped forward with a disarming smile. “Alright, you got us,” he easily admitted. “We’re
sorry we didn’t consider you when having a moon celebration – that’s our bad. However, we
really do need those Grails back for a lot of reasons.”
“So what say we compromise?” he asked. “We’ll do something to venerate you and yours,
and if it’s to your satisfaction, you’ll give them back to us. It’s the best I can offer at the
moment.”
‘ Master, I could just capture her right here and now,’ Jing Ke pointed out.
‘ I know you can,’ Ren reassured her. ‘ The problem is that there’s two Grails missing, and
she’s only holding one. If she can slip in and out that easily, then who knows where she’s put
it? No, we’ll have to try negotiating peacefully for now – though be on the ready.’
‘Offer one hand, arm the other,’ Jing Ke recited with a chuckle. ‘ Fair enough. I’ll wait for
your signal.’ Both Ritsuka and Morgana silently glanced over at Ren, but decided to let him
proceed for now. They trusted him enough for this.
Artemis in turn grinned. “Oh, I knew we would find a reasonable one here!” she cheered.
“Don’t worry, it’s nothing too much. Merely a celebration of one of my domains: Hunting! I
think you’ll all even have a lot of fun with it!”
“Ugh, I hope so,” Orion grumbled. “They’re all glaring at us something fierce. I can’t even
ogle in peace here. We’re lucky they’re not just attacking us off the bat.”
The goddess giggled. “Oh, they could try, darling,” she cooed, throwing a casual glance back
at the assembled Servants – and immediately everyone could feel a cold chill as her pale blue
eyes bore into them. Mash moved closer to the Masters, her shield at the ready to protect
them as necessary. “But then that wouldn’t be any fun at all. No, no, we only need the
festivities.”

Beaming, she reached out and two more Grails appeared in midair. Before any of them could
do anything, they shone brightly and vanished. Suddenly, Roman heard a pinging through his
earpiece. “Yes?” he called.
‘ Director, three new mini-singularities just appeared on the radar!’ came the report. ‘ We
managed to get a lock on them. They’re small, but they’re stable. I think they’re being
sustained.’
The interim director sighed aridly. “Yep, they probably are,” he agreed to the staff’s
confusion. “Thanks for letting me know.” Cutting off the communication, he looked back up
at Artemis. “Three new singularities just appeared,” he explained to all the inquiring stares.
“But our readings showed you only took two Grails.”
“I did,” she confirmed. “I had one already which is how I arrived here in the first place. After
the hunts and celebration, I won’t need it anymore – so it’s all yours! That and whatever you
hunt up!” Her grin widened. “Consider it the generosity of the goddess of the moon and the
hunt even after ignoring her! You’re all very welcome!”
“Yeah, uh,” Orion grumbled. “Most people wouldn’t be too chuffed about having something
stolen from them then returned after jumping through hoops, even if extra is added.” He
could still see the glares and feel the hostility from all around them. He didn’t dare ogle the
ladies; right now, they’d turn him into a pincushion faster than Artemis would herself. That
was a scary thought.
Finally, Ren sighed. “Welp, if those are the rules,” he replied as he forced his smile up. “I
don’t suppose you could at least tell us what we’re hunting?”
Artemis grinned brightly. “I’m glad you asked!” she cheerfully replied. “But first, do you
have a place where we could discuss this more openly? It’s a bit stuffy in here for further
explanations.” Indeed, despite not even reaching over ten occupants (with everyone else on
guard outside), the storage unit was cramped with everyone stuffed within.
Da Vinci smiled as she always did. The slight twitch underneath her eye was the only yet
telling indication of her frustration and irritation at the entire situation. Already she planned
to discuss with both Tamamo and Medea further security measures to prevent something as
ridiculous as this from happening again. “There is a conference room not too far from here.
We may talk about the upcoming hunts there.”
The goddess smiled happily. “In that case, lead the way~” she chirped. They followed the
genius out of the storage room, seemingly oblivious – or at the very least ignoring – the
glowering Servants that surrounded her. Orion, meanwhile, was perched on her shoulder,
eyeing all of them nervously and mouthing desperate apologies, which did very little to
mollify their irritation.
“… so, question for you, Ren and Morgana,” Ritsuka began.
“What’s up, Ritsu?” Morgana asked, his glare still glued to the goddess of the hunt.

“You guys have had more dealings with gods and those similar than I have,” she prefaced.
“Are they… all like this?”
Ren and Morgana looked at each other. There was Yaldabaoth, who had infiltrated the Velvet
Room and took Igor’s place. And then there were the numerous personas and shadows who
had taken the forms of various divinities, such as Dionysus, Koryuu, and Kali.
In the end, the former could only give a rueful chuckle. “Kinda, yeah,” he admitted. “You
just… learn to go with it. At the very least, they do tend to pay off.”
“How are you so sure of that, senpai?” Mash asked curiously.
The Phantom Thief smiled. “Artemis seemed flighty but she didn’t seem like the type to
break her promises,” he explained. “And if what she said is true, then we might end up
coming out of this with a whole lot more than we expect – we still have a large stockpile of
parts from that dragon, remember? Da Vinci’s eyes were practically glowing when we got
back to Chaldea.”
Ritsuka wasn’t as convinced, fixing him a flat stare. “You’re just going along with it because
it might be fun, aren’t you,” she asked bluntly.
Ren’s eyes widened slightly at the statement in surprise, then laughed and walked off.
“Answer the question, Ren!” Ritsuka shouted after him, to which Ren only laughed some
more before disappearing around a corner after the goddess and the contingent of guarding
Servants. The redhead could only stare as he vanished, then looked over at Morgana. “It is,
isn’t it,” she asked glumly.
The long-suffering sigh from Morgana said more than a thousand words.
The conference room was packed. Artemis was beaming at the front while Artoria and
Archer stood near her, relaxed and yet more than ready to act if necessary. Jing Ke continued
to shadow the goddess, a fact only the Masters and select Servants were aware of. Many of
Chaldea’s Servants lined the walls of the room while the others either patrolled the halls or
double checked the facility’s security measures.
“Wow, that’s quite the collection here,” Artemis commented as she looked over at everyone.
The Masters, as well as Roman and Da Vinci, were sitting at the table. “This will make the
hunt all the more spectacular, don’t you think, Darling?”
“Ooh yeah, this is quite the collection indeed,” Orion replied, proverbial drool running down
his mouth as he ogled openly at the exposed assets of Tamamo, Nero, and Boudica.
“ Darling? ” the goddess snarled out warningly, her blue eyes almost glowing in sheer rage.
“B-but not as good as yours, my dearest!” the teddy bear quickly corrected, desperate to
avoid another throttling.

Medea cleared her throat. “Lady Artemis, what might be these hunts you are suggesting?”
she asked. Though the goddess of the hunt wasn’t her patron goddess, she was still more than
aware of her proclivities – so the fact that she was so… lackadaisical while doting over her
‘darling’, the hunter Orion, had caught her off guard. It was certainly far different from the
strictly virgin goddess who shunned the company of men and romance that she knew of in
her lifetime, to the point she wasn’t sure how to deal with it.
Still, a goddess was a goddess. Even at the best of times they were mercurial in their moods,
favors, and punishments. A single gesture of their power could ruin a mortal’s life with ease,
and possibly cause a domino effect that dragged many others down with them. In fact,
Artemis being different was all the more reason she couldn’t let her guard down. It made her
unpredictable. One wrong move and Chaldea could very well suffer the same fate.
It happened with Colchis and Aphrodite… and with her. She would not allow it to happen
here.
But before long, Artemis began explaining the hunts while Da Vinci manned the computer to
display information as necessary. Each singularity held one powerful monster that they would
hunt. There may be other beasts within the vicinity but they were, at worst, factors to
consider and, at most, bonuses. They certainly wouldn’t be nearly as powerful or threatening
as the main targets themselves. And as for the targets themselves…
The first one was a Bake-Kujira. A Japanese Yokai, it was created from the grudges and
anguish of the whales who had been hunted down and devoured by fishermen. The picture
shown was that of a gigantic skeletal whale, flying high above the waters as it swam through
the air as easily as it did through the ocean. It made the sea its haunting grounds,
necessitating a different approach than a regular hunt. “There will be a boat provided here, of
course,” Artemis cheerfully added.
The second one was a Greek Chimera, which Morgana immediately perked up in surprise.
His suspicions were confirmed as Artemis described its home territory: An isolated island
that used to be inhabited by one of the Gorgon sisters. Medusa shifted slightly but otherwise
didn’t react. The beast had been dwelling underground for some time, but after a particular
encounter with Servants, had chosen to surface. Fighting off and killing any rivals or threats,
it claimed the island for itself as the undisputed apex monster there.
“Wait, how did you know about the chimera there?!” Morgana demanded.
“I keep an eye on all potential hunts,” Artemis smugly replied. “It is my prerogative as the
goddess of the hunt, after all.”
“It’s one of the tasks Artemis takes completely seriously, and one she always does a bang-up
job in,” Orion supplied, earning an affectionate nuzzle from the goddess.
“Oh, you sweet talker, you,” she cooed. Almost everyone else resisted the urge to roll their
eyes or gag.
The third one was a gigantic bat that had made its home in the jungle – more specifically, a
large Mayan temple that had long since been abandoned and overgrown. While it was

dedicated primarily to Camazotz, it had also venerated many other deities in its time. Unlike
the Chimera, it rarely ever came out to the surface even during the night, meaning they would
have to track it down in its own lair; a prospect that made even the most seasoned hunters
hesitate.
At the end of the presentation, there was a moment of silence as they all digested the
information. “Any particular rules you want us to abide by here?” Ren asked.
Artemis shook her head with a smile. “None,” she replied cheerfully. “This is a hunt, after all.
Bring whatever tools, hunters, or plans as necessary. A word of caution however.” Her smile
widened dangerously as everyone’s attention renewed. “It is a beast’s nature to isolate and
hunt down the weakest first,” she explained. “So Masters, be especially wary – more
numbers may simply mean more prey.”
Ren raised an eyebrow but nevertheless smiled. “Good to know,” he replied. “Thanks for the
warning.” He turned to the others and nodded. “Let’s get to work.”
Preparations proceeded apace. Roman and Da Vinci went back to the control room to analyze
the singularities while the Masters prepared any supplies they would need for the hunt, as
well as discuss what Servants they were bringing with them. Joan had popped into the library
with Medusa to research any information on the monsters and see if there was something
they could find that might give them an edge.
And that was when complications began arising. “These singularities are incredibly
unstable,” Roman commented, checking on the readings with a concerned frown. “Moreso
than even that singularity Elizabeth created. It’s too risky to send all the Masters at once, and
we can only send four Servants per singularity at a time. Any more and we risk temporal
anomalies.”
“But there is some good news,” Da Vinci added. “I have managed to triage our power
supplies for the rayshift. While it will put some strain on our systems, we should be able to
send a team out to each singularity simultaneously. That way, we will be able to complete
them in the least amount of time, rather than wait around and twiddle our thumbs to finish
each hunt.” That news was accepted with more aplomb. The more time they had to work
with, the better.
Then came the hard part. “I’ll be taking on the Bake-Kujira,” Ren declared. “I’ll admit I’ve
always been a bit more curious about yokai than most. And I haven’t heard much about this
one, so it should be fun.”
“We kinda figured after you named that skeleton horse ‘Mezuki’,” Ritsuka pointed out.
“It’s a good name,” the Phantom Thief grumbled again, to the amusement of everyone else.
Now he had to consider who to take with him. He was honestly spoiled for choice – between
the legendary Artoria to the seasoned hunter Cu Chulainn to the dragonslayer Siegfried, there
were quite a few to choose from. Maybe either Jeanne or Martha – it was a vengeful spirit,
and their holy powers would help in exorcising it.

As his eyes scanned over the Servants, they landed on Loki, who was currently leaning up
against the wall, looking bored with the situation as they always did. Ever since they made
that deal, he hadn’t had a chance to deal with the trickster god. And they had been rather
behaved since. Aside from some comments or remarks, they had been keeping themselves
rather low-profile, all things considered. What their plans or thoughts were, he couldn’t
guess. But they did deserve a small outing – and so he could keep an eye on them.
The last thing he needed was a bucket of water falling on his head when he got back to the
facility.
“Loki will be coming with me. They’ve been hanging around here for too long and I’m the
only one that can keep control of them. Besides.” He looked over his shoulder at the Avenger
who was leaning against the wall with sardonic grin. “I get the feeling they’ll find this
particularly fun,” he remarked.
Loki chuckled. “Hunting an undead ghost whale that’s an amalgamation of grudges and
anger?” they replied. “I suppose there’s worse ways to spend a weekday. And the irony of
going whaling for a creature made from such an act is… I must admit, hilariously ironic.”
“I’ll take that as a yes, then,” Ren concluded, to which Loki flashed another grin and went
back to checking their nails, albeit with a faint smirk.
“Are you sure about this, Master?” Nero asked, frowning at the Avenger. The memories of
what Loki had pulled off during the Roman singularity flashed in her mind – and the
enormous amount of collateral damage it caused. “They’re rather unpredictable, especially
when acting on their own initiative.” Loki looked up, their smirk widening, but otherwise
said nothing. That only made the emperor even more irritated and paranoid.
“I understand your concern, Nero,” Ren replied. “But Loki isn’t one to break deals like this,
be it in letter or spirit. They’ll make sure the hunt is a success. Right, Loki?”
The trickster god grinned. “So long as you make it amusing,” they answered – and grinned
even more widely as the glares and groans redoubled. Ren himself only shook his head in
mild exasperation and amusement. They really did like riling up everyone if they had the
opportunity.
“Master, I wish to come with,” Tamamo spoke up, catching the Phantom Thief’s attention. “It
is a vengeful spirit, yes? Then you will need my expertise to properly exorcise and deal with
it accordingly.” The Caster had been wishing to speak with and engage with Ren a lot more
closely, and this was the golden opportunity she had been waiting for. It felt like everything
had lined up perfectly just for her. Of course she would do her utmost to help quell the yokai,
but that was the secondary objective to what she was planning.
Besides, she still didn’t trust Loki. Not after everything they had done in the Roman
singularity.
For Ren, he was mildly surprised the Caster had volunteered so quickly for the hunt. While
he had been considering Jeanne and Martha, she was right that a yokai was more her area of

expertise. He nodded gratefully. “I’ll welcome any expertise you have, Tamamo,” he
earnestly replied. “Thanks for your help.”
A twitch of her ears and tail was the only break in composure as the miko grinned. “It is of
no trouble, my Master,” she replied graciously.
“Oh for- then I’m coming too.”
Everyone spun around as Joan marched into the room, scowling. “That’s pretty sudden of
you, Joan,” the Phantom Thief commented. “Any particular reason why?”
The former doppelganger scoffed. “I trust Loki about as far as I can throw them,” she bluntly
stated, glaring at the trickster god who merely shrugged with a smirk. “And you still owe me.
Like hell I’m allowing you to rush off by yourself.” And she needed to scrub the taint of her
earlier actions in Chaldea. As much as she hated it, Ren always seemed to be at the place
where he could do the most good. Following him was a matter of pragmatism in that sense.
Da Vinci raised her eyebrows. “This is quite a group you have, ragazzo ,” she couldn’t help
but remark. “You can bring along one more Servant with you, if you wish?”
The Phantom Thief looked about in a mix of mild consternation and amusement as he
considered who was currently joining him. Loki, Tamamo, and Joan. Even among his old
friends where they had their own flare-ups and disagreements (primarily between Morgana
and Ryuji), this was just taking the cake. And as confident as he was dealing with people, he
had to admit this might be beyond just him. He considered carefully who he wanted to bring
along…
‘ Marie? ’ he called over mentally. She was one of the Servants who had not attended the
meeting for the hunt, instead choosing to patrol Chaldea’s halls in case any other infiltrators
besides Artemis had entered.
‘Monsieur Ren? ’ the queen called back in surprise. ‘ I thought the situation was still ongoing. Has it been resolved that quickly?’
‘ Heh, it’s gonna take a bit longer,’ he admitted ruefully. ‘ I was wondering if you could join
me for this hunt.’
He could sense Marie almost trip over her own feet in surprise through their mental
connection. ‘Pardon?’ she asked incredulously. ‘Me, participate in a hunt? I can’t say I’m not
excited at the prospect, but surely there are more fitting Servants who could assist you?
Siegfried or dear Jeanne, perhaps?’
‘ We can only bring four Servants along, and only one Master can go for a hunt,’ Ren
elaborated as the Rider had completely missed out on the briefing and explanations. ‘ And it
seems Joan, Tamamo, and Loki are coming along already for my hunt, so…’
‘… Ah, ’ Marie replied quietly, quickly putting together the pieces when she heard who was
coming with. ‘ I certainly see the issue now, monsieur. If that is the case, I shall be glad to

come along. You will have to brief me on the hunt, however – I was not privy to the details
due to accepting another responsibility. But I’m sure you’re aware of that.’
‘ I am,’ Ren confirmed. ‘ Don’t worry, I’ll fill you in. In fact, I think you’ll have a rather fun
time here.’
The queen giggled. ‘ I do not doubt it,’ she agreed. ‘ A capable man like you certainly would
know how to show a girl a good time, Monsieur Ren. I look forward to it.’
The Phantom Thief grinned as their mental connection withdrew – and he noticed everyone
staring curiously at him. “Marie will be coming with me for the hunt,” he explained shortly.
“Any objections from you guys?”
Loki uttered a bark of amused laughter while Tamamo and Joan simply stared at him with
irritated shock. “Ah, so even you need an assistant to babysit the three of us!” they cried.
“And you chose Marie, of all people! Quite the play, Ren Amamiya – but I look forward to
seeing how it all plays out!”
Ren smiled back at Loki’s amusement, then looked over to Mash and Ritsuka. “Mash, you’ll
be joining Ritsu again,” he said.
Ritsuka gave a cheerful grin and waved her hand. “Yep, got it,” she accepted easily. She
already knew this was coming – after all, she didn’t have persona powers like Ren or
Morgana did, or any combat capability whatsoever. She needed Mash’s protection more than
anyone. And while she understood, she couldn’t help but feel a bit bitter about that even
though she loved Mash’s company regardless.
She turned toward the Shielder. “Looks like we’re working together again,” she remarked
happily.
Mash smiled back in turn and nodded. “Yes, we are,” she agreed. “Please take care of me,
senpai.” She knew that was the most logical division of labor. After all, Ritsuka was the one
who needed her protection the most. However, she secretly hoped to show off the fruits of her
training to Ren-senpai. There would certainly be another time for it, but she was nevertheless
still disappointed.
“Hm, then I shall join you as well,” Leonidas called out, catching everyone’s attention. “It
will be a pleasure to the progress you have made, Mash Kyrielight.”
The Shielder’s eyes widened in surprise, then she smiled brightly and nodded. “Of course,”
she agreed enthusiastically. “I won’t disappoint you, Leonidas!”
The Spartan king chuckled. “I do not doubt that in the slightest,” he replied.
“Well then, guess I’m coming with,” Cu commented with a lazy grin. “A beast hunt sounds
like my specialty, and hunting with a good drinking partner? Sounds like a blast to me.”
Leonidas looked over with a grin. “You speak truly, my friend!” he boomed. “There are few
greater pleasures in life than battle or a hunt with a trusted companion by one’s side! I shall

be glad of your company!”
“And it’ll make the drinks taste all the better!” Cu retorted, and both men laughed heartily.
Rituska and Mash couldn’t help but smile at their infectious enthusiasm. “Boys will be boys,”
the former muttered with a grin.
“Hey, you better not be leaving me out of this.”
Looking up in surprise, the redhead found Elizabeth looming over her (impressive,
considering her shorter stature), glaring. “I’m coming too,” she declared.
“Er, can I ask why at least?” Ritsuka asked. “Like, no offense but a hunt doesn’t seem like
your style.”
The idol’s eyes narrowed. “I need different experiences to expand my repertoire,” she
explained, shooting a look at Ren who simply shrugged. “Something different like this fits
the bill perfectly. You don’t need to worry, Master – whether it’s a concert or a hunt, an idol
never half-heartedly takes on a task!” The redhead considered her words. Elizabeth was eager
and while the Master didn’t doubt her dedication, there were better choices like Siegfried or
Martha…
“She’ll pull her weight, Master,” Cu Chulainn piped up. “I’ve seen the girl in action for a lot
of stuff. If she says it’s for her being an idol, then she’s gonna take it seriously. Hell, she even
took up fishing because of it. Never expected that.”
“Hmph, of course,” Elizabeth snorted haughtily. “If I wish to be an idol, then holding back at
all is detrimental!” Still, she gave the Irish Lancer a quick glance of gratefulness, who simply
grinned back easily in kind. She was always prepared to claw up her path on her own two
hands if need be, no matter the hardship. To have genuine support still caught her off guard,
but it was still deeply appreciated. It only encouraged her to redouble her efforts – and it
would be the same here.
Ritsuka blinked then nodded. “Well, alright then,” she accepted. If Cu vouched for Elizabeth,
then she had nothing else to say. She considered her team: Mash, Leonidas, Cu Chulainn, and
Elizabeth. It’s a pretty defensive team overall, but one she could make work. It didn’t change
that all four were solid, powerful Servants that got along relatively well with each other, even
factoring in the idol-to-be. She felt surprisingly confident about this, all things considered.
“So who do you wish to hunt, Ritsuka-senpai?” Mash asked. “We can choose between the
chimera and the bat.”
Ritsuka pursed her lips as she considered. She was more familiar with a chimera from myths:
Large, looked like someone smushed together a lion, a goat, and a snake, and could breathe
fire. It had no capability for flight nor swimming, as far as she knew. The bat on the other
hand could fly, and with its echolocation could easily navigate in darkness where none of
them could see too well. Considering her own team lacked many ranged capabilities or a way
to see in darkness…

“Hey Morgana,” she called over. “I’m gonna take the Chimera. Is that okay with you?”
The catlike being blinked a few times. “Yeah, that’s fine!” he accepted. “Mind if I go over
how our battle went in more detail so you know what you’re dealing with?” He had planned
to go for the Chimera due to more familiarity and having something of a score to settle, but
he was fine with yielding to Ritsuka for this. At least he could offer his knowledge and go
from there.
“That would be great,” Ritsuka accepted gratefully. “Thank you so much.”
Morgana nodded in acceptance. “Guess that leaves me with the giant bat,” he murmured.
When he thought about a bat, three things came to mind: Darkness, flight, and sound. He
would need someone who could help light up the darkness spectacularly, perhaps enough to
blind it. Someone who could shoot down the bat would be good too, and lastly a method to
remove sounds – or alternatively, be so loud that it would be rendered helpless.
Well, let’s start with light first. “Artoria,” he called over. “You mind coming with me for this
one?”
The King of Knights nodded. “Of course,” she immediately agreed. “You have my sword as
always, Master.”
The catlike being nodded before turning around. “Archer, can I count on you?” he asked. Up
to this point they hadn’t summoned any other Archer classes. As it stood, the red-mantled
hero was still their only true ranged specialist. Dealing with something that can fly without
one was a complete pain, and he wasn’t about to repeat that if he could help it. They certainly
could use more Archers.
The Servant smirked. “I was wondering if I was taking to the field again,” he replied. “I look
forward to working with you once more, Master.”
Morgana grinned. “Ditto, Archer,” he responded gratefully. Of course, flight also meant more
mobility. He had no doubt the Servants would be able to keep up, but himself? That would be
troublesome. Plus a bit more speed for maneuvering anybody on command would be
incredibly handy. And for that, the only obvious choice was…
“Boudica?” he asked, looking over at the redheaded Rider.
Boudica raised an eyebrow. “While I’m no stranger to hunts myself, I’ll fully admit a gigantic
bat is certainly new quarry for me,” she replied. “I’m uncertain how much I’ll be able to
contribute to the hunt.”
“Hey, don’t worry too much about it,” Morgana replied, waving it off. “I don’t think Artoria
and Archer have hunted a giant bat before either. No, your chariot and mobility would be
very useful in matching the speed of an airborne target. It’d definitely come in handy if we
need to maneuver quickly, whether it’s me or another Servant. So, can I count on your help
for that?”

The Rider’s eyes widened in surprise, then she smiled warmly. “If you believe my abilities
are that necessary, then it would hardly be fitting of me to refuse,” she relented. She turned to
Artoria and Archer. “I look forward to fighting with a fellow countryman, Artoria,” Boudica
remarked. “And it seems we can’t avoid each other for long, Archer.”
Artoria smiled in return. “Indeed,” she agreed. “I have heard tales of your valor from the
Roman singularity. I am looking forward to fighting alongside you.”
Meanwhile, Archer chuckled. “So it seems,” he replied. “But as I’ve said before, a reliable
comrade – both in the kitchen and on the battlefield – is hard to find. It’s good to work
alongside you once again.”
Morgana nodded in agreement. The team was fairly straightforward, all things considered,
able to deal with most issues without trouble. But now came the issue of sound. The bat
would most likely be able to track them via sound if their surroundings were dark enough,
and just Archer trying to shoot down the bat might not be enough. They needed one more
person for general utility, versatility, and range, which meant he needed a Caster. And of the
Casters available, the one most fitting was…
“Hey Medea,” Morgana called out, to everyone’s surprise. “Looks like you’re up.”
Medea froze at the catlike being’s call, her eyes flicking over to the incredibly unamused
Artoria and Archer. She cleared her throat. “Permit me to object, Master,” she murmured. “I
do not believe I am a good choice for this hunt for various reasons. I ask that you reconsider
– surely there is someone more fitting to the task?”
The catlike being scowled. “I’m not happy this is gonna be your first outing either,” he
admitted. “But there’s no choice: I need someone who can back up Archer’s firepower, can
manipulate the amount of noise we make, and all around fill in the gaps that we’re missing. I
know that you’ve history with Artoria and Archer, but that needs to be set aside so we can get
this mission done.”
He looked up at Medea. “That’s why, again, I’m putting my trust in you,” he finished bluntly.
“That you’ll help see this through despite whatever personal hang ups you might have. I’ll
step in if necessary and try to smooth things along, but otherwise, it’s gonna be on all of you
to keep it civil and work together regardless.”
The Caster frowned, glancing back up again at the Servants. She knew the catlike Master was
the most temperamental of the three, but she hadn’t expected it came with such naivete and
foolishness. Though neither Artoria nor Archer voiced any disagreement, it was clear that
they were unamused by this situation as well. Boudica was looking between them all, clearly
recognizing the bad blood but not yet involving herself.
Still, they were her Master’s commands, and she couldn’t deny her skills would be incredibly
useful against such a target. “As you wish, Master,” she relented. “I will fulfill my duties.”
Morgana nodded, though he could already feel a headache coming on. He definitely had his
work cut out for him. “Alright, guess that’s settled,” he stated. “Let’s get to work on
preparations and then move out.”

Everyone nodded. “In that case,” Artemis interjected. “Where can I set up the celebration of
the hunt?”
That caught everyone by surprise. “What do you mean by the celebration?” Roman asked
cautiously.
“Grand hunts such as these must be celebrated!” the goddess declared. “Even more so if they
are successfully completed! There needs to be a place where we can hold the festivities! And
we can even enjoy the moon dumplings, for I am also claim the moon as my dominion! And
what better location to feast upon the targets as well?”
“I’m sorry, did you say feast?” Morgana spluttered.
Artemis beamed. “Indeed I did!” she confirmed cheerfully. “What better than to taste the
fruits of your own hunt? Such carousing, drinking, and delicacies, all to honor me! It shall
not be a night forget, I shall assure you!”
Ren stared at the goddess for a moment, then slowly turned to Archer and Boudica. “Do
either of you know how to cook up a giant bat?” he asked. “Or whale bones? Or chimera?”
Archer crossed his arms with a frown of contemplation while Boudica scratched her cheek. “I
will have to experiment a bit in order to figure it out,” the former admitted. “While I had less
than orthodox meals before, cooking something like this will take some work.”
Boudica nodded in agreement. “I’ve also cooked my fair share of game,” she added. “But
mythical creatures like this… well, I have a few ideas already but as Archer said, we’ll have
to experiment a bit with them first.”
The Phantom Thief nodded. Even Sojiro would be hard-pressed to make a good dish out of
such… exotic ingredients, to put it mildly. He wondered if any of his friends would even try
them – even Ryuji, a die-hard meat lover, would be reluctant to eat anything. Well, probably
Haru and Yusuke would be the first ones to dig in, followed by Sumire. Futaba would be
convinced if he phrased things correctly. And after that…
His musings were interrupted as Roman spoke. “I think only the simulator has the room to
accommodate such a celebration,” he answered, his brows furrowed. He looked over to Da
Vinci. “Is there a way to have anything rayshifted out from the singularity into the simulator
directly?” he asked.
Da Vinci looked upward at the ceiling as she thought. Normally when things were sent from
the singularities back to Chaldea, there was a designated receiving bay where she or the staff
could easily retrieve and inventory the items as necessary. However, considering the size and
scale of the quarry, the bay would be far too small. Not to mention the power draw necessary
to get it to work.
Already, the pieces were quickly aligning in her mind how to get it to work. Resetting the
coordinates for a reverse rayshift was an easy matter of adjusting the coordinates and
calculations, then making sure the algorithms were set for it. A quick adjustment for her was

all that was necessary, as well as making sure the simulator was an environment suitable for
receiving such large targets.
As for the power draw, they would need a bit of extra juice on top of what was needed to
send in three separate teams to three singularities – another challenge in its own right – but
she already had permission to use the Grails. Their systems would definitely feel the strain,
but they had been stress tested and besides, this would be the perfect opportunity to install a
few backup systems she had half a mind to implement in the first place…
Her ever-present smile grew as she considered all the possibilities and answers to the riddles
presented. She truly was a genius. “Oh, not to worry, my dear Roman,” she purred. “I think
things are well in hand. But there is much to do and little time to do it. Shall we get to it?”
The doctor’s eyes widened a bit in surprise, then he nodded as well. “Right,” he agreed. “I’ll
see if I can at least get the geography and weather readings, as well as whatever data is
relevant.”
“Ah, excellent,” Artemis cheered. “This already feels like a hunt! But yes, the celebrations! I
will need help setting it up! Is there anyone I can ask to assist me?”
“Permit me to assist then, Diana!”
The goddess turned to see Nero strutting up, grinning confidently. “Umu! When it comes to
throwing grand celebrations, be it of the hunt or of the theatre, I have no equal,” she declared.
“And thus it befits me, as the incarnation of Venus herself, to lend you my aid! Allow me to
join you in this endeavor and, as you have declared, we shall make a night none shall forget!”
Artemis’s eyes glittered. “Such enthusiasm!” she beamed. “And you are… Roman, correct?
No one else calls me Diana or uses the name Venus. If that is the case, I shall be more than
happy to receive your aid!”
“Yeah, you’re more than welcome to join us any time,” Orion agreed enthusiastically,
unsubtly leering at the emperor’s exposed assets.
And that was the last straw. The goddess of the hunt grabbed the teddy bear by the head,
flung him into the air, and summoned her bow to the shock of all present. A mere second
later, the stuffed animal was completely riddled with arrows of glowing light. Now a
pincushion, it collapsed on the table in an unceremonious heap, issuing only faint gurgles of
pain.
“W-will Orion be okay?” Mash asked, staring at the bear in concern.
Artemis snorted. “He should have suffered worse for his infidelity,” she snapped. “If
anything, I am being merciful. Now, onward! Let us begin the preparations!” With that, she
happily strode out of the room, barely even giving her darling a second glance while he
weakly tried reaching out for her, tears of agony running down his eyes.
Everyone looked at each other, nonplused, before Ren cleared his throat. “Nero, I don’t think
Artemis knows where the simulator is,” he pointed out. “Mind showing her the way?”

“Of course, Master,” Nero immediately agreed. “Between the goddess and I, we shall make
sure the celebrations shall be sung about for time immemorial!” An involuntary shudder ran
up Ren’s spine as unbidden memories crawled into his mind. “But for now, I wish you the
best on your hunt, Masters! We await your victory!” Getting up, she walked out to follow
after Artemis.
As she left, Ren sent a mental communication to Nero. ‘ And while I’d ask you to keep an eye
on Artemis, that’s not really necessary, is it?’
The emperor chuckled back in turn. ‘ I thought that goes without saying, Master, ’ she
replied, amused. ‘You need not worry – I shall be vigilant.’
The Phantom Thief smiled in relief. ‘ Thanks, Nero, ’ he replied gratefully. Turning back to
the others, he grinned. “Alright,” he declared. “Let’s get to work.”
Preparations moved quickly. Roman and the Chaldean staff quickly retrieved the geography,
weather, and other data of the singularities and forwarded the data to the Masters and their
attendant Servants. Morgana gave Ritsuka and her group the rundown on his fight with the
chimera, including its poison breath – something the redhead had no clue about – and the
wounds it suffered in their fight. Whether the latter information was relevant or not was
debatable, but it was better safe than sorry.
With that consideration, Mash had packed along some extra supplies: Gas masks, antidotes,
burn pads, healing scrolls, and other such items. They were more for Ritsuka’s benefit than
hers; she and the other Servants would be fine regardless of conditions. Roman’s data had
indicated that weather conditions were going to be clear, but she brought along rain gear as
well as the usual camping supplies just in case. One never knew.
The Shielder sighed quietly as she inventoried everything in her head. Shifting around, her
elbow bumped into the sheathed sword at her waist. She anxiously grasped hold to steady it,
then thumbed the pommel nervously. The scabbard was made of lightweight carbon fiber,
inlaid with stainless steel patterns. Engraved at the base of the blade was the emblem of
Chaldea.
As soon as Da Vinci had laid eyes on the sword, she immediately made a scabbard fitting of
it, and her eyes practically glowed when she heard it was a gift from Ren. It easily secured to
the belt in her Servant form, keeping it there with ease. She hadn’t trained with it as much as
she liked and even now, she was debating on whether to bring it with her or not. However,
her senpai had said it was hers to use as she pleased. So perhaps she could use it here?
She thumbed the pommel again. Or was it too soon? What did she want to do? If she simply
used the sword ‘just’ for her mission, then it wouldn’t be behind the spirit of what Ren
wanted her to do with the blade. Would it? Did she even have a right to use such a beautiful
blade when she felt like she had done nothing to earn it? She hadn’t even properly trained
much with it. The thought gnawed at her gut, toying with the idea of just leaving it behind in
her bedroom until a more suitable time arrived. But when would that be?

Mash gulped. What was she supposed to do here? Whenever she had questions, there was
always some way to get an answer. Research or consulting with her peers. But right now, she
was at a loss. Consulting with Ren-senpai would be contradictory to what he told her, but she
didn’t know where to begin.
Her musings were interrupted as she heard the door to the supply depot hiss open. “Sorry, I’m
almost done!” she called over.
“No rush at all, Mash.”
The voice had her look over in surprise to see Roman approaching. “Roman!” she greeted in
surprise. “I thought you would be busy, with everything going on.”
“I was,” he confirmed with a rueful smile. “Until Da Vinci kicked me off the console – again.
Didn’t feel like sitting around watching Magi*Mari so I thought I’d check up on you. We
haven’t had much of a chance to chat, recently.”
Mash frowned slightly. “Is now the best time for it?” she asked flatly.
The doctor chuckled. “Is there a better time?” he retorted.
The Shielder opened her mouth to answer, then closed it as she thought about it. Lately, they
both had been so busy that the only times they talked were during their briefings and even
then, it was fairly work focused. It felt like a while since they both had some time to simply
sit down and talk. “No, there isn’t,” she admitted as she continued to pack supplies. “We have
been rather busy, haven’t we?”
“Yeah,” the doctor agreed tiredly. “Being an interim director is hard work, especially with all
the paperwork and bureaucracy that comes with it. I don’t know how Olga ever balanced all
of this. I knew my real work would start after the missions began, but not like this.”
“As I recall, you were hoping to spend most of your time glued to a monitor watching
Magi*Mari and slacking off, weren’t you?” the Shielder asked pointedly.
Roman winced. “Well, I just,” he stammered. “I mean, th-that’s somewhat true, yes, but I still
have paperwork to deal with and, and people coming down with fevers or flus as well as
dealing with inoculations so the rest of the staff don’t get sick, especially with you in
particular Mash! And I-I-“
He continued spouting off excuses while Mash slowly turned to look at him with an
unamused expression. The doctor petered off as he finally noticed and sighed. “I’m starting
to think Ren is being a bad influence on you,” he grumbled.
“I would very much disagree with that, doctor,” Mash replied in a clipped tone. “Ren-senpai
has been a fantastic influence. Even… even if he can be somewhat bewildering and confusing
at times.”
The doctor looked up. “Oh? How so?” he asked. While he was more than aware Ren was far
from ordinary, the way Mash said it had intrigued him. Was there something he wasn’t aware

of? Everyone was entitled to their own privacy, of course, but he couldn’t help but be curious.
The Shielder hesitated for a moment, then set down some rations she had picked up back on
the shelf. Reaching down, she slowly unsheathed her new sword. Once again, the blade
glimmered coldly in the bright light of Chaldea, as beautiful as it was dangerous. Roman’s
eyes widened as he laid his eyes on it. While the sword wasn’t exactly a huge secret, she
hadn’t openly showed it to anyone except Da Vinci yet.
“Ren-senpai created this sword for me,” she explained quietly. “He said my shield was meant
for protecting others, but it wasn’t something I would use for myself. The sword, on the other
hand, was something I could use for my own goals and desires, whatever they may be.” Her
grip on the sword trembled slightly. “That is… if I knew or even knew what they are.
Chaldea is my life, doctor. Past, present… and future. That should be it, but…”
Mash stared back down at the blade, her own distorted reflection staring sadly back up at her.
“I don’t know,” she whispered. “Lately, I feel like… that’s not enough. I can’t put it into
words how or why, just a feeling that I want more. Senpai said there was a huge, wide world
out there once everything’s back and he’s right. It’s just… I don’t know what it is I want, and
senpai told me he can’t help me. That I needed to find out what that was myself.”
As the Shielder spoke, Roman frowned slightly as he listened closely. Ren had created a
sword for her, to be used specifically for her own goals and desires? That was… quite the
gift. One that even he felt the magnitude of, despite its seeming simplicity. What would she
use the blade for in the end? What kind of goals or dreams would she set for herself? What
would she cut through, figuratively or literally, to achieve them? He couldn’t help but be
curious as to what her future would be like.
Even if her future was already…
She looked plaintively back up at Roman. “Do you have any ideas, doctor?”
Roman opened his mouth, then closed it again. Now that he thought about it, his situation
wasn’t much different from Mash’s, was it? He was always told what to do, how to act, and
given the powers and abilities necessary for it. No more, no less. Whether in the last life or in
this one, he was always given some sort of direction, a goalpost someone else had set up for
him. All he simply did was walk that path to the end without question.
The more he thought about it, the more frustrated he became. Such a path would take
lifetimes, if not eons, to explore. To delve into, to uncover new possibilities, to become
something far greater than they were. And yet human life was nothing more than a flickering
flame, all too easily snuffed out.
Mash didn’t even have that, not by a long shot. It felt like some sort of sick joke. There was
no way Ren could have known, yet in a way what he had done for her was possibly the
cruelest act possible. If he ever received something similar, he would’ve found it almost a
mockery if not for the good intentions behind it. What was the point of burning brightly, only
to be extinguished in the end?
What should he say? What could he say?

“I…” he stammered, his mouth suddenly feeling dry. He gulped. “I don’t know, Mash. If Ren
intended for that to be your question, then it wouldn’t be right for me to try and give you an
answer, would it?” Besides, he of all people had no right to say or suggest anything in this
regard.
The Shielder looked back down in disappointment. “That… is true, I suppose,” she agreed
reluctantly, slowly sheathing her blade.
“But just because I don’t know doesn’t mean someone else wouldn’t,” he quickly blurted out,
to Mash’s and his own surprise. What was he doing? “There’s plenty of people in Chaldea,
and plenty of Servants with their own perspectives. Maybe you could try asking or talking to
them? I’m sure they’ll have ideas or suggestions! Better than mine, at least.” He couldn’t
believe the words spilling out from his mouth. It was just automatic for him – and on top of
it, it felt right . What was this?
Mash stared at the doctor with wide eyes, slowly considering his words. “… yes, you’re
right,” she agreed quietly. “There are others I can talk to, and even other things I can research
about. Maybe I could ask Ren for… well, not an answer. But at least advice or stories and see
what I can find out from there.” She nodded confidently. It wasn’t what she was looking for,
but it was progress. And that was just as important. “Thank you so much, doctor, for the
insight. I needed it.”
Roman just blinked in surprise before hurriedly nodding along. “O-oh yeah, of course,” he
quickly replied with a nervous grin. “I’m always happy to help. Speaking of which, has Ren
been teaching you how to make coffee as well? If he has, I don’t suppose you could share
some tips? I can never get it right no matter what I do.”
As they fell into more relaxed chatting, the doctor could only think about the words he
inadvertently said. Words he never thought he would think about, let alone hear himself
speak. Things were different now. Changing. For the better or for the worse, he still wasn’t
sure yet. But at least he confirmed one thing for certain.
‘ You really are a terrible influence, Ren,’ he thought to himself with a chuckle. Maybe he
should make some coffee for Ren as thanks for that.
No way was he about to suffer this alone.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 111: Sotz
Chapter Summary

The first hunt is underway - and Artemis is no fan of easy quarry.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Green.
The jungle was a verdant sea of green as far as the eye could see. Great trees stretched up to
the sky, their massive leaves shrouding the blazing sun overhead. Just below the canopy was
a mass of vines, foliage, and plant life. The air was loud with the sounds of fauna, from the
croaks of frogs to the buzzing of flies, to the distant roars of some unseen predator. All
around, the environment was teeming with life, much of it visible to even a casual observer,
and far more completely unseen to even the sharpest gaze.
In the middle of it all marched a pack of people. Archer and Artoria took the vanguard,
stalking warily through the brush as they kept on the lookout for any ambushes. Boudica
walked a bit behind them with Morgana perched on her shoulder. The catlike being tried
walking through the jungle at first, but the foliage was simply too thick from his vantage
point for him to be comfortable with. It would be incredibly handy if he needed to swiftly get
out of sight, but until then, staying up on the Rider’s shoulder was a better option.
Behind all of them was Medea. The Caster treaded lightly through the undergrowth, her robes
undisturbed thanks to a bit of magecraft warding the flora away from her. It would have been
a trivial matter to clear a direct path to the temple or at least make their march slightly less
inconvenient, but she had been overridden. ‘If we disturb too much of our surroundings,
we’ll alert the target,’ Archer had declared. ‘It’s best if we minimize our presence and avoid
giving ourselves away.’ And that was that.
The witch mentally scoffed. While what Archer’s explanation had strategic merit, it didn’t
take her intelligence to know the real reason: Neither him nor Saber trusted her. That was to
be expected. The events of their past summoning weren’t something any of them could forget
so easily, nor did she expect them to. Still, for the sake of their Masters and their common
goal, they could at least work alongside one another in a professional capacity.
For now, it was all about fording through the jungle to get to the temple where this giant bad
apparently resided – though the unfamiliar climate was certainly more uncomfortable than
she expected.
“Ugh, remind me to never go into a jungle ever again,” Morgana groaned.

“I thought cats preferred higher temperatures?” Boudica asked, tilting her head slightly in
question.
“It’s not the heat that’s the problem, it’s the humidity!” the catlike being grumbled. “My fur’s
gonna get all gross after this!”
“I didn’t think our Master would be so fastidious about their grooming,” Archer remarked,
smirking over his shoulder at him.
Morgana huffed. “I’m a cat, Archer,” he shot back. “It’s what I do.”
Medea’s gaze strayed over to a lock of her own hair, and she let out a small, amused breath.
Well, she could sympathize with this matter, at least. “Master,” she called over, garnering
Morgana’s attention. “I believe I have a mystery that might help deal with the humidity. It
will be localized around your body which should prevent any disturbance to the
surroundings. May I cast it on you?”
She noticed both Artoria and Archer turn slightly towards them, now paying more attention
to her. Morgana’s eyes on the other hand widened in surprise. “Wait, can you really?” he
cried, almost pleading. “Please! It’s so sticky and stuffy that I’m just about to go crazy here!”
The Caster couldn’t help but smile slightly at her Master’s childish complaints. Placing a
gentle finger on the catlike being’s forehead, she murmured in an ancient Greek tongue.
Morgana glowed slightly as the mystery took effect, then it faded away. Withdrawing her
hand, she observed him impassively. “How do you feel?” she asked quietly, ignoring the
growing tension between the two Servants in the vanguard.
“So, so much better,” the catlike being sighed out in clear relief. “It’s like I stepped into an
air-conditioned room, and my fur feels nice and soft again. Thanks so much, Medea.”
Boudica smiled in amusement. “I don’t suppose I could learn such a mystery myself?” she
joked. “It would be rather handy for my own hair, I have to admit.”
“Magecraft is not normally an art to be trifled with so casually,” the Caster lightly
admonished. “But I can understand your desire.” Through the corner of her eye, she could see
both Artoria and Archer reluctantly face forward once more, assessing she was currently not
a threat. They didn’t trust her, that was for certain, and it was likely they never would. She
had long since accepted that.
But she could still prove she was not their enemy and further ingratiate herself to the others –
in this case, with her Masters and with the Rider, Boudica. Just because she may have
enemies now didn’t mean she couldn’t at least take steps to prevent complications occurring.
Besides, the mystery she performed for Morgana was a trifle matter for her. She had
performed it for her own children whenever it was a particularly warm day and were
complaining about the humidity in turn. Even the way he begged for the mystery was like
them.
Her own children…

She shoved the thoughts from her mind, yet her grip on her staff tightened regardless. What’s
done was done. Whatever she did then, whatever regrets she did or didn’t have, were
irrelevant. In the end, she lived for herself in defiance of whatever the gods had tried to plan
for her. Even if it meant doing things that caused everyone to curse her, even if she would be
known as a witch, she would continue.
‘Doesn’t seem like getting into Artoria’s or Archer’s good graces will be easy.’
Morgana’s mental musings shook her out of her ruminations. ‘It will not,’ Medea retorted.
‘Nor was that my goal. An uncomfortable Master is an unfocused Master. If it is a factor that
can be handled, then it will be done.’
‘Fair enough, I guess,’ the catlike being relented. He didn’t know what to make of Medea.
While he trusted the opinions of Artoria and Archer, Medea had been nothing but helpful, if
quiet and prodding at times. He had taken the first step by putting his trust in her. Even now,
he wasn’t sure what she was thinking, if she trusted him at all, or if she was plotting
something behind his back, whether for their benefit or solely her own. She did answer the
call to help save the world, but what did that entail for her? What did it mean?
What would Ren do?
“Master. We’ve arrived.”
Morgana looked up at Artoria’s voice. In front of them was a gigantic stone structure,
overgrown with vines and moss. If they didn’t already have directions or the Servants’ sharp
senses, he probably would’ve passed it by as simply part of the foliage or surroundings.
Archer summoned his twin shortswords and casually tossed them. Arcing through the air,
they sliced through the brush with ease, revealing the reliefs carved into the structure –
images of beasts like jaguars and bats, as well as humans either dressed as warriors or
performing sacrifices, and other carvings none of them could interpret without close analysis.
And most importantly, it revealed the entrance.
The catlike being’s communicator lit up. Blinking in surprise, he tapped it – and his eyes
widened when instead of Da Vinci or Roman’s face, he found himself staring at the beaming
countenance of Artemis. “Oh, er, hey Artemis,” he greeted in surprise. “I thought Roman or
Da Vinci would be on the call.”
“I thought it would be best I supervise each hunt personally,” the goddess cheerfully
explained. “Not to worry though, I’m not here to interfere or hinder you. I’ll make sure it
goes smoothly. Did you find my information helpful so far?”
Morgana could see Roman’s anxious face over the oblivious goddess’s shoulder and could
only feel a bit of pity for the man. “We did,” he confirmed, looking up at the stone structure.
Each stone block dwarfed him in size, looking both immeasurably sturdy and ancient. He
wasn’t awed easily, but even just being nearby gave him a sense of scale that he found it hard
to describe. “We’re looking for a way to get in right now.”
“Oh, good to hear!” Artemis chirped. “Dusk is still some time away so it should still be
roosting within! But don’t underestimate it – most creatures tend to not take interrupting their

sleep lightly. Especially in their own home.”
“Yeah, I can sympathize with that,” Morgana muttered. While Ren, Sojiro, and Futaba tried
to always be careful about waking him up when he was napping, he admittedly was a bit
grumpy if it was unnecessarily interrupted. But if something came into their home and woke
him up in such a manner, however, his mood would definitely be nasty.
In the meantime, Boudica looked over at the solid stone doors. “Any way we can get this
open without making a lot of noise?” she asked, looking over to Medea. “I know enough
about bats to know that blasting it open is a bad idea.”
The Caster frowned as she stepped forward, observing the stone doors. If this was a temple,
then most likely it would have some form of protection from outside interference. But how
deep did that protection go? How thorough? It wasn’t a simple matter of just opening the
door. They could brute force it, but they would forgo literally any element of surprise and all
but guarantee startling the beast that lurked within.
Muttering a quick aria in that incomprehensible tongue again, she reinforced her eyes and
analyzed the doors. Everything from the mechanisms and construction of the door to the age
and the minerals within the stone themselves were laid bare to her. But the most important
part were the mysteries embedded within. They were cleverly integrated within the
structures, with even a few false nodes and trails to throw off less experienced magi or
possibly even activate a trap.
“Is there something amiss, Caster?” Artoria asked, her eyes sharp.
Medea frowned without taking her eyes off the door. “There will be if I am interrupted,” she
replied testily. Trust or not, she didn’t like being interfered with when she was working.
Muttering another aria, she observed the flow of magical energy as she sent a tiny pulse of it
through the doors, mapping out each mystery, its connections, and its effects. Many of the
configurations here she hadn’t seen before, forcing her to slow down so she didn’t miss even
the minutiae. When it came to magecraft, the devil truly was in the details.
After a moment, she took a deep breath as she released her magecraft. Without saying a
word, she slowly stepped up to the door, taking off one of her gloves as she did so. Taking
out a knife within her cloak, she drew it in one quick motion over her palm, slicing it open.
Once done, she pressed her bloodied hand on thirteen different locations of the door. There
was nothing for a moment, then the door slowly opened, the stone grinding loudly as they
withdrew into the walls.
Artoria, Archer, and Boudica immediately summoned their weapons as Morgana readied his
circuits, eyeing the darkened stone corridor within. They were greeted by a swarm of bats
that flew out, screeching and screaming. Confused and blinded by the daylight, they fluttered
off as they sought new shelter now that their sanctuary had been breached. And after the
swarm…
Nothing.

Everyone kept their guards up for a moment, alert for even the slightest disturbance. When it
was clear that there wasn’t anything else, they slowly relaxed. “Couldn’t you have made
opening that quieter?” Morgana complained as his circuits cooled off.
“I could not,” Medea answered brusquely as she healed her hand before putting the glove
back on. “There were mysteries in place that would’ve been set off had I attempted to
interfere with them, even something as innocuous as stilling the air around them so sound
would not travel. Aside from brute force, I could only open the door via a minor blood ritual.
Appropriate for Mayans, I must admit.”
Archer frowned. “This shouldn’t be a problem for you, Caster,” he retorted. “You have the
means of just getting rid of the mysteries then and there, don’t you? Why didn’t you use
that?”
The witch shot him an irritated glare. “Because that would unravel the mysteries surrounding
the door,” she snapped. “At best, it would immediately alert any magus that the building has
been breached by intruders, and at worst set off some sort of failsafe that would possibly
cause more issues.” While she understood the Archer’s wariness, that didn’t mean she wanted
her secrets and means paraded out for all to hear.
Taking a deep breath through her nose, she regained her composure as she turned towards the
darkness past the door. “That said, the mysteries here were not cast by some amateur,” she
murmured. “A considerable magus or spellcaster has fortified and secured this location. This
hunt most likely will not be as straightforward as Artemis makes it out to be. Be on your
guard, all of you.”
Morgana gulped then nodded in agreement. With a single nod, they filed into the room
chamber, weapons at the ready. As they stepped in, Medea created a small orb of light to
illuminate their surroundings, revealing a long, stone corridor. Carved reliefs decorated the
walls and ceilings, telling countless stories that none of them had time to piece out or
decipher. Stone braziers, long cold, lined up against the walls, spaced out accordingly. The
horrid stench of bats assaulted Morgana’s sensitive nose, causing him to scowl in disgust.
Suddenly, the door behind them slammed shut, much faster than it opened in the first place.
The catlike being’s eyes widened in alarm. Turning back to the communicator, he tapped it
but only got static. “Communications are cut off,” he notified the others. “We’re on our own
in here.
Medea didn’t look surprised. “Security measures are in place,” she explained briefly as the
braziers began lighting up, pair after pair, illuminating the corridor in an ominous light. The
reliefs cast long shadows that danced with every flicker of flame, almost making them seem
alive.
The orb of light the Caster conjured vanished with a flicker as she ended the spell. “It seems
many of the mysteries in this temple remain intact after all this time,” she mused. “Curious…
and dangerous.”
Artoria frowned, her eyes flicking over to the reliefs surrounding them. “Has a magus, or a
group of them, made their residence here?” she inquired, her senses alert for any disturbance.

The witch shook her head. “As far as I can tell, the magecraft hasn’t been modified or
maintained for many years,” she replied. “The fact that they’re still stable is either due to
fortune or some other circumstance.”
Archer frowned. “So, the goddess has sent us on a hunt located in a heavily protected temple,
one where the security is still somehow maintained despite having no one around to do so,”
he summed up. “If I didn’t know better, I would presume this was nothing more than a
gigantic waste of time at best and a trap to get us killed at worst.”
“Master, stop,” the Saber suddenly ordered.
Morgana froze in place. He had about been about to step forward to take a closer look at the
reliefs when she spoke. “Wh-what,” he stammered nervously. “What is it?”
Medea quickly checked the spot the catlike being had about to step on. “Back away slowly,”
she commanded.
Gulping, Morgana followed her directions without hesitation. “I’m guessing a trap?” he
guessed meekly.
“It appears so,” the Caster confirmed as she checked the mysteries and lines of magical
energy. “I don’t know what kind they will trigger but it is best to err on the side of caution in
such matters.” She glanced over at Artoria. “It seems your instincts serve you well as they
have before,” she praised quietly, a small smile on her lips.
Artoria couldn’t stop a deep frown etching her face. “Not well enough then,” she replied
stiffly, instantly wiping Medea’s smile. Turning away from the witch, she faced Morgana. “I
will take the vanguard once more and keep an eye out for traps. Caster will work with me to
locate ones I cannot sense as easily.”
“Then I suppose I’ll take rear guard,” Archer remarked with a smirk. “Boudica, mind
guarding our Master?”
The Rider nodded. “I’ll be in your care once more, Morgana,” she said with a smile to the
catlike being. “Any objections before we set off?”
Morgana’s ears twitched as he shook his head. “None from me,” he replied. “But honestly? I
don’t like this. Any of this. It all feels off.”
“On that, we can agree,” Artoria replied.
They made their way down the corridor, Artoria and Medea carefully scanning for any traps
as they walked while Archer steadily kept watch of their rear for anything that might ambush
them from behind. Meanwhile, Boudica continued to guard Morgana who had all of his
senses open, trying to detect anything out of the ordinary. While he couldn’t smell anything
past the bat residue left behind, he could still see and hear far better than most humans
(though not Servants) – but still picked up nothing.

The corridor eventually opened up into a massive chamber. More braziers lined the walls, but
they were unnecessary with the setting sun shining down from skylights in the ceiling high
above. The walls were lined with paintings and reliefs, depicting even more figures and
scenes of gods, people, and animals. In the middle stood a platform that rose high into the air,
with a central set of steps as the only way to ascend. On the platform was some sort of table
or pedestal, most likely for rituals.
And yet, no sign of their quarry whatsoever. Even the scent of the bats had died down for
Morgana – it seemed they hadn’t roosted in the central chamber for some reason or other.
However, that didn’t set any of their nerves at ease.
“Artoria, Medea,” Morgana called over as he peered in wonder around the chamber. “You
guys picking up anything?”
“The mystery around here is far greater than in the corridor,” Medea reported. “And the
magecraft woven is of much greater complexity than I expected. It will take a great amount
of time to decipher it all – time I do not believe we have.”
“There’s nothing I can sense or tell,” Artoria answered in turn. “But there is something here
that is causing me to feel uneasy. At the very least, further investigation and caution is
warranted.”
Morgana considered their next move. “Let’s investigate this place as carefully as possible,”
he decided. “If we don’t find anything, either the target or even any hints, we’re getting out of
here and calling in for further scans or reports. Sound good?”
Archer nodded in agreement. “Very well, Master,” he accepted. “I will check if there’s
anything above us from the skylights.” Stepping forward, he vanished in a shower of golden
dust as he entered his spirit form.
“I’ll patrol the grounds and see if there’s any documentation or signs,” Artoria reported in
turn. Her blade still in her hand, she walked off, alert for any further traps – be it magecraft or
mundane.
Boudica looked around. “I’ll stay by you, Master,” she decided. “Given the situation, a bit
more caution is warranted. Wouldn’t you agree?”
The catlike being nodded. As proud as he was, he wasn’t an idiot. Things had far exceeded
his capabilities long ago – he still had nightmares every so often about that Berserker lunging
at him with a bestial fury in the Roman singularity. If it wasn’t for Medusa and Archer, he
would’ve easily died both times. Not even Okumura’s Palace when he tried to solo it brought
him so close to the brink. Having someone as reliable as Boudica by his side was something
he wouldn’t take for granted.
“The altar may yield some clues,” Medea mused. “I will head up and see if there are any
signs.”
“Got it,” Morgana agreed with a nod. “Keep in mental contact. Same with the rest of you.
Report back immediately if you’ve any findings.”

Medea nodded. That done, she shot into the air, her cloak immediately spreading out into
pseudo-wings as she flew to the central altar. Normally she wouldn’t be so flashy when it
came to transportation but she preferred not to waste time if it wasn’t necessary, and a
displacement mystery to get up there had a greater risk of triggering some sort of spell or
bounded field. No, this was the safer method.
After carefully checking for any traps, she gently landed on the platform. As expected, the
concentration of mystery and magical energy was far greater here than anywhere else in the
chamber or in the corridor earlier. Was this perhaps the nexus or focal point of the place? It
was more than possible it was built on a leyline – most temples were built on top of them to
properly gather and funnel power for whatever rituals were performed.
As she approached, her eyes analyzed the dark stains on the long, narrow altar. Just as she
expected, ritual sacrifices had been performed here. Curiously, while the magical energy
radiating from it was strong, it wasn’t as strong as she expected. At least, it wouldn’t have
been enough to maintain the magecraft around the structure, especially after so much time
had passed. There had to be something else to it…
With a small frown, she murmured a small aria under her breath, tracing a small circle on the
altar. The goddess of the hunt would not have sent them chasing some ordinary beast. It
would be an exceptionally powerful one – and such creatures were sensitive to magical
power. If she could trace the flow in the structure here, it may yield some clues or a lead
toward their quarry. A matter of simplicity, but the simplest of processes could sometimes
belie the greatest complexities, especially if she wasn’t careful.
Placing her fingertips on the circle, she sent a small pulse of magical energy through. It wove
its way through the intricately crafted lines and structures of the mysteries woven into the
temple, mapping itself out in her mind’s eye. It was incredibly intricate, so much so that she
had to be careful not to lose herself in the arcane patterns of the magecraft. If time had
permitted, she would’ve loved to dissect this place.
Then the pulse reached something she hadn’t expected. She frowned slightly as it appeared in
her mind’s eye – and her eyes widened as it shifted. “Damn-!” she cursed.
That was all she could say before everything around them began quaking. Ancient dust
showered down as the stones groaned and cracked underneath the shifting weight. “Guys,
what’s going on?!” Morgana demanded. “Artoria, Archer, Medea! Fill me in here!”
“Medea, what did you do?” the Saber snarled, her normally cool, calm demeanor now a
visage of rage and frustration.
“Something was alerted by my analysis!” the witch answered as she took to the air once
more. “Everyone, get-!” Before she could finish her sentence, the masonry on the ground
cracked in an explosive report. Moments later, the floor and the platform shattered into
pieces, all of it collapsing down into an endless pit below.
Morgana couldn’t help but scream as he fell before Boudica scooped him up and held her
close to her chest. All around them, the other Servants took action as Artoria and Archer
destroyed the larger pieces of rubble. Meanwhile, Medea created a barrier of wind that

howled around Boudica and their Master, warding off the dust and smaller bits of broken
stone around them. Down, down, and further down they fell, the sunlight above swiftly
becoming nothing more than tiny dots of light.
The catlike being looked up, seeing everyone doing their best to ward off the collapse, then
looked down – and terror gripped him at what he saw. “W-we’re gonna crash!” he screeched.
The Caster had prepared for that. Quickly shaping the winds around them, she funneled them
downward to slow their fall. Boudica held Morgana tightly to her once more, gripping his
head to make sure he wouldn’t suffer whiplash as she landed, bending her knees to absorb the
shock of the landing. Archer and Artoria landed beside them as rubble and dust fell all
around the group, and finally Medea drifted down.
Then all was silent.
The catlike being gulped as he looked up. It was completely dark, to the point even his feline
eyes couldn’t pick anyone out. He only knew he was still in Boudica’s grasp from touch and
scent alone. “Are you alright, Master?” the Rider asked in concern.
“Erm, yeah, I’m fine,” Morgana quickly stammered as he felt blood rush to his cheeks. He
couldn’t believe he lost his composure so easily like that. He whipped his head around, trying
to find the others. “What about you guys?” he asked. “Anyone need healing or curing?”
“No injuries here, Master,” the red-mantled hero reported, then he smirked. “Though I’m
surprised you were so panicked. I thought cats would be able to land on their feet no matter
what.”
Morgana scowled. “That’s only if I’m not caught by surprise,” he snapped back. Still, the
frustration cleared a bit of his head from the panic – not that he’d tell Archer. “Medea? Mind
if we at least get some light? I dunno about Servants but I can’t see anything here.”
The Caster nodded and summoned the orb of light once again, illuminating everyone – and
her eyes widened as it almost immediately vanished. No, not vanished: it felt like something
had completely consumed it. “Something is amiss,” she stated, to everyone’s concern. “I will
require a moment to-“
Whatever she was about to say was interrupted as the screeching of innumerable bats broke
out all around them. The Servants immediately clustered together, their weapons at the ready
as they looked about in vain for the threat. Boudica still held Morgana in one arm, shield in
her free hand. The catlike being, who normally protested over such treatment, could only
look around in panic as he tried to pick out any sign of the enemy. However, the shrieking
and musk of bats made it all but impossible for him to discern anything.
“Incoming!” Artoria barked. That was the only warning they had before they were
bombarded by swarms of bats. Everyone warded off the attack as best they could, with
Archer and Artoria slicing down as many bats as they could while Boudica used her small
shield to protect herself and Morgana, but in the absence of visibility, many got through their
defenses regardless.

The Saber had far more success protecting herself thanks to her Instinct guiding her blade,
but the only one unscathed was Medea who had simply conjured up a barrier to block them.
Everyone else was battered and scratched by the bats as they furiously swooped in, biting and
clawing anything within reach. There wasn’t much overall damage, but the attack only
further increased their wariness. When there was a lull, Morgana’s circuits warmed up as he
tore off his inner mask.
“Zorro!” he cried.
Although the normally outstanding persona couldn’t be seen at all in the darkness, he could
still felt the familiar presence of his other self coming into being. With a quick mental
command, Zorro cast a healing spell, and for good measure he also cast an Amrita Shower in
case any of the bats were infected or poisoned. “Everyone alright?” he called out.
“So far so good here, Master,” Boudica replied, holding Morgana a bit closer to her for
security as the screeching of countless bats still surrounded them.
“Thanks for the follow-up,” Archer responded, Kanshou and Byakuya in his hands. As
powerful as his eyesight was, he could pick out absolutely nothing in this darkness. “But
there’s not much we can do here right now. We need to find a retreat-“
“SCATTER!” Artoria suddenly roared.
None of the group wasted any time hesitating or asking questions. They immediately dove
out of the way – and a split second later, something humungous crashed right where they had
been standing. The landing buffeted all of them with a foul wind, with the only sound being
that of claws scraping against stone. Archer backed up further, readying himself to throw his
shortswords at whatever the enemy was. As he did so, he felt his elbow brush up against
somethingSuddenly, everything erupted into a nova of light. The sudden onset of brightness compared
to the dark assaulted his eyes, forcing him to shut them as pain lanced through his senses.
Temporarily disoriented and blinded, he couldn’t react in time as something struck him hard
in the chest, sending him crashing through multiple stone structures before smashing against
a wall. He gasped out blood as he felt his bones and muscles being pulverized from the sheet
impact both from the blow and the landing.
“Archer!” Artoria cried out in concern. In that brief flash of light before darkness fell again,
she managed to glimpse at the creature. Large, covered in some sort of clothing, big ears, on
all fours, with a membrane stretching from arms to the body, flat nosed. It was almost without
doubt some sort of giant bat, yet there were other details that she couldn’t place in just that
brief moment. It was enough to glean that they had found their target, but nothing else.
Before she could charge forward, she felt a gust of foul wind and a presence leaving. It had
just flown off, leaving her unable to attack or even track it.
‘Our target is here,’ she hurriedly reported mentally to the others. Talking telepathically was
a far more reliable method of communication right now, with everyone’s positions scattered
and the swarms of bats making talking untenable. ‘However, Archer was injured by it, and it
is clear that it holds every advantage in this environment. We need to regroup.’

Morgana scowled. Of course this hunt wouldn’t be that easy. Summoning Zorro once more,
he tried mentally reaching to Archer and guiding the healing spell towards him that way. He
had no idea if that would work – he normally relied on sight for his healing spells – but he
had no other option right now. ‘Archer, how are you doing?’ he asked in concern.
The red-mantled hero glowed – though the light wasn’t even visible to him – as all his
injuries knitted themselves together. ‘Better now thanks to you, Master,’ he replied, his smirk
clear in his tone before it faded. ‘However, Artoria is right. We are in no condition to fight
right now. I may be able to buy us some time but retreating would be our best option.’
As he spoke, Kanshou and Byakuya were replaced with his simple, utilitarian black bow. In
his free hand, he summoned another sword: A long sword with a dark, wavy blade. As the
red-mantled hero nocked the sword, it lengthened and thinned until it approximately
resembled an arrow. He took aim at the gigantic bat, and fired, calling out the name of the
blade.
“Hrunting!”
The blade shot off into the darkness. It was soon followed by a monstrous, startled squeal
from the creature, echoing throughout the cave – or wherever it was they landed. The bats all
around them screeched, this time their tones mirroring the larger one’s panic as their assault
abated for now. It was clear that the smaller bats followed the commands of the larger one at
the very least.
The red-mantled hero smirked to himself. Hrunting was a particular favorite of his: It tracked
down whatever he aimed at without err, even if it was deflected, parried, or repulsed. It
moved much slower than usual since he couldn’t directly aim for it, but that worked for him:
It meant the bat would be distracted for longer trying in vain to evade it. In the meantime, he
needed to regroup with the others – not the easiest of feats.
“Trace. On,” he muttered, activating his mainstay magecraft: Structural analysis. Like
always, the area around him began to be mapped out in his mind’s eye, filling his brain with
information. He began marking out his path when suddenly, the mapping stopped. In fact, to
his surprise, the information quickly receded – no, not receded. It was more like it was being
forced back, as if something was resisting the information from being collected. Protective
measures against structural analysis? He should have expected as much in such a location.
Then a loud screech of pain echoed in the chamber, causing the bats to all cry out in distress.
Hrunting must have finally found its mark. While normally his projections faded away, this
time he channeled more mana to keep the arrow sword burrowed in the giant bat’s flesh. It
could be used as a tracker for its location. It was crude, but it worked. With how things were
turned against them, they needed every advantage they could get.
Before he could summon another Hrunting, the creature gave another screech, this time
sounding far more furious. In an instant, he was swarmed with far more bats than before.
With a scowl, Archer summoned his shortswords once again and hacked away at them with
only a modicum of success. There was only so much he could do when there were so many
vectors of attack and while he was blind.

Then suddenly, the ground beneath him began quaking violently, almost knocking him off his
feet. He stumbled, cursing as he tried to steady himself for another assault, but to his surprise,
the bats seemed as confused as he was. They were whirling about, their screeches sounding
more scared than angry. Was the place finally giving in? If that was the case, they needed to
leave as soon as they confirmed Morgana’s safety. The other Servants would be able to
escape easily but not so for their Master.
Projecting a spear, he began running in the direction he was flung from while using it as a
walking stick. To his surprise, after a couple steps, the tremors quickly began diminishing. A
few more steps later, they were just as violent as before. Frowning, he decided to backtrack and to his surprise, the tremors lessened again. He moved in a different direction and the
quakes continued to diminish. This had to be a trap.
Archer could only smirk bitterly to himself. He was reminded of that time he fought against
Lancer, leaving deliberate openings to lure his attacks in. Maybe this was the same.
As he ran, he felt a shift in the air that didn’t come from the bats, either the smaller ones or
the larger ones. He lifted up the spear just in case it was a hostile – and was met with
something metallic smacking it hard aside. Releasing his grasp of the spear, it flung away and
vanished as he summoned his shortswords once more, ready to engage. The quaking was now
nothing more than subtle shaking he could feel through his boots, enough for a secure footing
to fight on.
Just as he was about to engage – either to fight or to flee, he would know after the first few
seconds – a mental voice shunted its way into their minds. ‘Must you two insist on lashing
out as soon as you encounter an unknown?’ Medea snapped. ‘I’ve secured a retreat. Hold out
your hands.’
Frowning, an image appeared in his mind: that of a red-haired young man bound by nearly
invisible threads forced to lift up his hand - the one bearing his command seals. However, he
had little choice in the matter. Reluctantly, he raised an arm and felt an almost imperceptible
string bind around his wrist. It began tugging away at him and after a moment’s hesitation, he
followed.
‘Hey, where is everyone?’ came Morgana’s concerned voice.
‘I’m here, Master,’ Archer reported. ‘I have met up with Caster and she is leading me
someplace. What about you?’
‘Oh, you too, huh?’ Morgana responded. ‘That’s a relief. I’m with Boudica right now, and
we’re being led by Medea too. Artoria? You there?’
‘Present, Master,’ the king of knights replied. ‘I too am being led by Caster. I presume she
has also told you all that she has found a retreat?’
‘’She’ is right here,’ Medea snapped back irritably. ‘And yes, I have. Move before the bats
rally again.’

The red-mantled hero scowled but followed regardless. This wasn’t something he was
comfortable with, but he didn’t have a choice. The only sounds around them were the
confused screeches of bats. The absence of any sign of the large bat was concerning. Still, he
could tell they were being sought out if not watched. The sooner they could regroup, the
better.
Meanwhile, Boudica held Morgana close in her arms as she followed the string, her shield
still up in the air. She couldn’t fight normally, not with her free arm occupied like this. In this
darkness with many of their senses stripped away, she wasn’t sure if she could protect
Morgana in any other way. It was a small blessing that her Master was so small.
‘Holding up, Boudica?’ Morgana asked in concern.
She flashed a smile to the catlike being before remembering he couldn’t see her. ‘Getting by,
but thank you for asking,’ she replied, trying to keep her voice light. ‘What of you, Master?’
‘Could be better,’ he grumbled. ‘I can’t do anything like this – I’ve already tried curing our
‘blindness’ if that was the case, but no dice. Unless it’s some sort of special condition, we’re
not blind. It’s just way too dark here!’ The Rider frowned slightly as she thought. Were there
magecraft or mysteries that could block off light? Medea would’ve created all sorts of light
sources already if she could so what was going on here?
Before she could ask, Archer’s panicked mental shout blasted through. ‘The bat is diving
down – get out of the way!’ he roared.
Boudica and Morgana’s eyes widened. The queen tried to sense where to dodge but the
tremors from Medea were messing with her footing and her sixth sense. Before she could do
anything else, a gigantic claw rammed and clenched around her, knocking the wind out of her
before they were both dragged into the air.
‘Wh- OH CRAP!’ the latter swore.
The catlike being’s alarmed shout within their minds was the only warning Archer had before
he was suddenly pulled aloft by the string. It was over his sleeve so it didn’t dug in but it was
uncomfortable nevertheless. ‘What’s happening over there?!’ he demanded.
‘We’re caught by the bat!’ Boudica yelled. She switched from her shield to her sword and
tried hacking away at the bat’s claw, but the blade kept bouncing off. ‘I’m trying to cut our
way out, but my sword keeps bouncing off its claws. Medea, I’ll throw Master over to you!
After that, break my string and escape! I’ll do what I can to keep the bat occupied!’
‘A noble idea, but unnecessary,’ Medea brusquely shot down. It was a rather simple matter to
work with – the string was attached to her staff in case something like this might happen, and
only one of them was being pulled upward. Her cloak spread out as she easily kept up with
the bat and with a murmured aria, a battery of magic circles appeared. Adjusting her aim so
they were ‘above’ the string’s location, she fired a barrage of condensed magical blasts.
Though she couldn’t see anything, the loud, startled shriek informed her it had the desired
effect. The line went slack then began dropping. Rapidly descending in turn, she let the

others deal with their own landing and focused on her own work. Muttering another aria, she
thudded her staff against the ground as she landed. A small quake rippled out from the point
of impact and spread out, quickly creating a rudimentary map of the area in her mind’s eye.
With that, she got her bearings and relocated their escape.
‘We have no time,’ she barked. ‘Follow me. Now!’
She tugged on her staff in emphasis and quickly began leading the others. The giant bat’s
startled shrieks echoed throughout the chamber, arousing her curiosity a bit. She was sure it
would have recovered by now. While a wind barrier to trap sound might help disguise her, the
others could still be snatched up. Did she harm it more than she had planned? It certainly
would be a bonus, but she doubted it.
Still, it wasn’t the time to ponder what was happening. Racing through the area, they wove
around stone structures and other obstacles they couldn’t make heads or tails of, all the while
warding off the bats and keeping an eye out for their quarry. The shrieking of the creatures
and the fluttering of their myriad wings filled their ears as unease and paranoia gripped at
their stomachs. They were all too aware it could dive again at any moment.
Then after what felt like an agonizing eternity, they suddenly could see again. They were in a
long cave, unadorned and plain. It was clear that the temple’s artisans hadn’t worked on this
location compared to the main compound. The screeching of bats was everpresent but they
were distant and faint. It seemed Medea was true to her word: They had escaped, if only
temporarily.
“We can rest here for now,” the Caster informed them. “I shall set a bounded field so we will
not be found so easily.”
Before she could turn away to do so, Artoria growled, “What were you up to, Caster?”
The witch turned around, an eyebrow raised in question underneath her hood. “Pardon?” she
asked.
“Your earthquake nearly destabilized us,” Archer supplied, his arms crossed. “And rendered
us almost easy pickings for the bat. If your intention had been to use us as bait while making
an escape for either yourself and hopefully for our Master.” A bitter, sardonic smile crossed
his lips. “Not the worst plan you could’ve cooked up - I would’ve done something similar
myself.”
Medea let out a scoff. “If you were too much of a simpleton to understand my intentions, then
indeed I would have,” she retorted sharply. “With a creature like this, we cannot have any
dead weight among us. Considering part of my duty of lightening our Masters’ load,
figuratively and literally.”
“You go too far, Caster,” the King of Knights snarled. “That is not your decision to make, nor
does your attitude excuse your unconscionable behavior. This is no longer a Grail War, and as
such it would behoove you to keep your allies’ well-being in mind. Or do you consider that
beyond your responsibilities, Witch of Colchis?”

The Caster bristled at the title and opened her mouth to respond“Enough, all of you!”
Morgana and Boudica had stepped in between all of them, glaring at them all. “Listen, I don’t
know what kind of history you guys have,” the former snapped. “And right now, I don’t care.
We have a mission to finish, and we’re never going to get anywhere if we’re left snapping at
each other’s necks all day long like this! So cut it out and let’s get this done already!”
“And there’s no way to put this lightly,” Boudica added. “But our coordination right now is
atrocious. We may all be incredibly capable individually, but that won’t be enough against the
bat – especially in its own territory. It will require the cooperation of all of us in order to
defeat it. I didn’t think I would have to be the one to remind you all of this, but it seems I
have to.”
Artoria, Archer, and Medea all glared at one another for a moment longer. Finally, the King
of Knights let out a shaky breath, her body slowly slumping. “You speak correctly, Boudica.
Master,” she acknowledged soberly. “I have been too focused on past wrongs rather than
focusing on the matter at hand, and it is utterly unbecoming of me. My deepest apologies.”
“Indeed, I apologize as well,” Medea said. She could feel the ire from the Saber but she
brushed it off as she had so many times before. “I shall keep my allies’ wellbeing in mind
next time I act as well as make my intentions transparent for us.”
The catlike being huffed. “So long as you all understand,” he grumbled. “I’m not asking you
all to make up with each other – even I know that’s a stupid idea – but I expect all of you
guys to at least try to be professional about this.” He was getting a headache from all this.
These guys were all adults, and not to mention great figures of legend and myth. The least he
could tell was that it had to be bad if even Artoria snapped, but they should be better than
this!
He could feel the onset of a headache. Was this how Ren felt every time he had to wrangle
the Thieves? That said, a lot of the trouble came from his spats with Ryuji. He needed to be
nicer to him when they next met. Though he already planned to do so, it would at least be one
less thing Ren needed to deal with. Anything to reduce the stress on him. At least he was
sleeping properly again nowadays.
“Archer?” Boudica asked pointedly, her eyes boring into the red-mantled hero. “What do you
have to say about all this?”
The man was silent, his steel-grey eyes unreadable as they stared at the Caster. Though her
eyes weren’t visible, it was clear the witch was meeting his gaze in turn. For a moment,
neither of them said anything, gauging the other’s intentions actions and movements.
Morgana was ready to tear the mask within his mind, ready to intervene if things came to a
head while Boudica’s hand twitched in preparation.
Finally, Archer turned away. “Don’t worry, Master,” he reassured Morgana. “I won’t do
anything to jeopardize our goals or our allies. At least, not meaninglessly.”

Morgana groaned in frustration. “That doesn’t make me feel any better, Archer!” he cried out.
Medea said nothing. Her only reaction was a thin, humorless smile.
Taking a deep breath to calm down, he looked up at all the Servants. “Right, if we’re all done
with the drama for now,” he declared. “Let’s at least share what we’ve learned. Artoria, what
have you got?”
Artoria nodded. “The bats appear to be far more resilient and stronger than normal bats,” she
reported. “While individually not an issue, I would estimate there are hundreds if not
thousands of them within the chamber. They are not individually intelligent, but they are
commanded by the giant one – and only commanded by it. They lose their cohesion quickly
if they are not directed.”
“I can vouch for that,” Archer agreed. “I fired Hrunting twice at it and each time, the attacks
from the bats have considerably lessened. It should give us openings we can use, though it is
best we don’t solely rely on it.”
“Wait, sorry,” Morgana piped up. “What’s Hrunting, exactly?”
“A homing arrow,” the red-mantled hero elaborated. The catlike being nodded in reply. That
was all he needed to know about it right now. “They’ve also found their mark as well – I can
trace their magic energy in the dark so we can at monitor whether it’s attacking, observing, or
even fleeing.”
Morgana nodded thoughtfully as Boudica spoke up. “The creature is also far more resilient
than I expected,” she reported. “I don’t think I did any damage to it at all when I was hacking
at its claw. Whether it’s armored or the hide is simply that hard, I’m not sure. I certainly don’t
recall bats having such resilient claws.”
“They normally do not,” Artoria agreed, musing. “There must be some other factor at work
here.”
Finally, the Master looked over to Medea. “What’ve you found out, Medea?” he asked. “I’m
guessing you figured out a lot here.”
The Caster frowned slightly. “Not nearly as much as I would have liked,” she admitted.
“There are many mysteries lined up within that chamber. Traps, reinforcement, bounded
fields, and more. As you’re all aware, there’s a mystery that hinders vision as well: Bounded
fields that trap and contain light. They aren’t difficult to break, but the chamber simply
recreates the bounded field to trap the light once more.”
“I think I know what you’re talking about,” Archer commented, drawing a surprised glance
from Medea. “I stumbled on something that was some sort of flashbang. Would that be the
bounded field you’re talking about?”
The witch nodded. “Most likely, yes,” she replied. “And there are undoubtedly many of them
scattered around the chamber. However, the problem is that the chamber itself will simply
reconstitute the bounded fields even if they are dispelled, on top of whatever mysteries are
left. No, before dealing with the giant bat, we must deal with the chamber’s protections first.”

Artoria frowned. “And how do you propose we do that?” she asked. “I doubt simply using
your Noble Phantasm will be enough to deal with the issue, unless there is some hidden
property that I am yet unaware of.”
“Medea’s Noble Phantasm?” Morgana echoed, blinking owlishly at the Caster. “It can do
something like that?”
The Caster shot a glare at the King of Knights under her hood, who simply kept her
expression neutral in response. Reluctantly, she drew something out within the depths of her
robe: A dagger with a purple, zig-zagging blade. On the surface, it looked like an incredibly
innocuous and even useless weapon, good for neither stabbing nor cutting. However, it shone
with an iridescent light, giving off an air of menace that caused the catlike being’s fur to
stand on end.
“So, that’s your Noble Phantasm?” he asked, trying to stifle his nerves.
“Correct, Master,” Medea confirmed stiffly. “Rule Breaker. It has the capability of unraveling
and twisting magecraft, whether simply dispelling them or transferring them under my
ownership. All it requires is that I invoke its power as I stab with it, and it shall take effect
immediately.”
Morgana’s eyes widened at the explanation. Given how widespread magecraft was, including
his and Ren’s own personas, it was an incredibly useful Noble Phantasm. “Huh,” he
murmured at a slight loss for words. “So why didn’t you use it to start off with? I’m guessing
there’s a lot of conditions before it can be properly used?”
The Caster smiled despite herself. “An astute observation, Master,” she confirmed. “While
it’s relatively easy to invoke, you are correct that there are circumstances to utilizing it
correctly. The first of which is that its scope is limited – it can only affect the mysteries it
directly impacts. If there is anything else connecting to it, those are unaffected by my Noble
Phantasm. Thoughtlessly dispelling a mystery can cause a chain reaction that might possibly
spell our doom. Thus, caution is warranted.”
“The second of which is its size and usage,” she continued. “I cannot throw or fire this. I
must directly stab a target to actualize my Noble Phantasm’s effects. And I doubt I need to
explain how poor a weapon it makes.” She raised the dagger for emphasis, its zig-zagging
blade glinting in the light. Morgana had to admit, it didn’t take an expert like Artoria or
Archer to know it was not meant for traditional combat.
“Despite my capabilities, I fare poorly in close quarters combat,” she stated. “Thus, my target
must be stationary and, if it’s a living being, willing to be subject to it or incapacitated.”
Another sharp glance from both Saber and Archer that she ignored. “And related to my
points, there is one more fact I have discovered.”
“And what would that be, Medea?” Boudica asked, glancing at the dagger in curiosity.
“The mysteries in the chamber have a singular power source,” the Caster elaborated. “The
giant bat itself. If I can locate the locus where the chamber’s magical energy is received and
use my Noble Phantasm on it, it will immediately shut down all the mysteries within.

However, there are protections I need to breach. I will require time to analyze the chamber to
properly locate it – time that you must buy me, one way or another.”
“You can’t do it remotely?” Archer asked with a frown.
The Caster frowned. “The outer shell of protections renders that unfeasible,” she answered.
“And I rather not cut off our ingress or retreat if we are discovered.”
Morgana crossed his paws, thinking. They had a method to take away the bat’s home field
advantage but actually pulling it off is another matter entirely. It would require covering the
Caster while she analyzed the chamber and found the focal point for the energy. During that
time, they would need to fend off swarms of countless bats and the giant one, all while being
essentially blinded and deafened. That was an incredibly tall order. Even Zorro powering up
their abilities would be of limited usefulness considering everything else. And as for his own
wind magics…
Wind…
Suddenly, his eyes shot wide open. “I have an idea,” he declared.
The cave had been connected to an out-of-the-way corridor that led to the main hallway. The
portal into the corridor looked like a dark portal, ready to swallow the group up once more.
Yet after making their preparations, the group entered. And in that moment, their vision was
robbed from them once more as all of Medea’s lights were absorbed and trapped. The
squeaking of myriad bats became louder and louder as they traversed the corridor before
finally stepping out into the main hallway, there they became shrieks of outrage.
‘Location check,’ Morgana called out. Before they had re-entered, one of their preparations
was a bit of magecraft Medea performed: Two magic circles drawn on the back of their
hands. The first itched gently within the shape in Morgana’s direction while also growing
warmer depending on how close they were in proximity to him. The second circle itched
according to their location in relation to their Master, depending on where he was facing. It
took a bit of practice to properly utilize them by feel alone, but it was intuitive enough.
‘Approximately four meters on your left, Master,’ Artoria reported.
‘Six meters on your 4 o’clock,’ Archer responded.
‘Right here, Master,’ Boudica added, Morgana tucked squarely in her arm. It was decided that
keeping Morgana in the Rider’s hands was the safest location he could be, given the
circumstances.
‘Ten meters on your South-Southwest,’ Medea finished.
That was all they had time for before they were swarmed by bats once again. This time, they
were prepared. Medea tilted her staff, quickly creating a bounded field that sounded a sonic
boom outward. The clamor startled the bats into a panic as it echoed along the chamber, their
onslaught quickly dwindling down to panicked streams that were far easier to manage.

Meanwhile, Medea made her preparations for the analyses. ‘Master, I am ready to begin,’ she
declared.
‘Got it,’ he acknowledged. Time to give Medea the opportunity to uncover the temple’s
secrets. ‘Alright everyone! Remember your roles! I’m counting on all of you!’ With that, he
reached for his inner mask. Using wind to disrupt the movements of airborne creatures was
almost elementary, though it required careful coordination. Artoria’s winds wasn’t something
that could be used lightly – Excalibur was still their absolute trump card for this hunt, after
all. The magical energy it could output just from unveiling it could scare it off, which would
make things far more complicated.
Now it was all on him. Normal winds wouldn’t work here, not with something as powerful as
their quarry. They needed nothing short of a hurricane. He had the power, but he had been
conserving it until he had a better understanding of his limits. But just like before, limits were
made to be reached – and broken. That his friends had done it and how Ren had done it as
well.
So like hell he was going to fall behind! He was Morgana of the Phantom Thieves, and now
was the time to show it! He tore off his inner mask and reached past Zorro to call forth“Mercurius!”
The catlike being felt his circuits blaze as his persona’s second form manifested. Although he
couldn’t see it, he could still visualize its form in his mind: Lithe and lean, dressed in a deep
blue suit with a hood, and feathered wings sprouting from its legs. Its face was masked,
adorned with red visors that flared out into wing decorations on the sides. Its gold, ring-like
shoulder cuffs matched its resplendent shoes and gauntlets, and clutched in its hand was the
spiral winged staff, Caduceus.
Despite the greater strain on his body and circuits, Morgana couldn’t help but smile. No
matter what form they took, his other self was always a comforting presence. But feeling the
sheer might and power of Mercurius compared to Zorro, he now felt close to unstoppable.
The only way it would be better was if it was Diego, but he would get there eventually.
Maybe.
He shook his head to snap himself out of it. Not the time. He needed to play his part.
‘Incoming, directly south!’ Archer suddenly barked.
Artoria scowled. Calculating the trajectory of her path, she immediately moved to intercept –
then her instincts began screaming at her that something was wrong. However, she couldn’t
stop her momentum in time. As she lifted her blade, it brushed against one – no, multiple soft
things at once.
Then the entire world went blindingly white as everything exploded into pure light. Everyone
was forced to shield their eyes, closing them as the light assaulted their senses. A second
later, a humongous presence charged into their midst and spun, its tail and claws lashing out,
sending everyone the entire group flying in different directions.

Boudica held Morgana close to her to cushion him as she crashed through multiple stone
structures before crashing into a wall hard. The catlike being’s eyes widened as he heard
multiples within her body shatter from the impacts. “Boudica!” he cried out in a panic.
‘Damn it, give me a second – I’ll heal all of you!’
‘Don’t waste your energy, Master.’
‘Archer?’ came Artoria’s surprised, concerned reply.
‘Every second we waste is more momentum for this bat,’ he quickly explained. ‘Continue
with the plan. I’ll hold it off.’
‘That’s suicide!’ the Saber hotly retorted.
‘So nothing new then,’ the red-mantled hero remarked, the smirk clear in his tone.
Morgana scowled but he couldn’t argue the man’s point. He fired up his circuits and called
forth Mercurius again. Instead of healing, he commanded his persona to do something else:
Great blades of vacuum that left gusts of air rushing to fill in its wake. It was the most
powerful wind spell he could conjure, and one he would need to maintain until Medea had all
the time he needed.
The winds from the persona were nothing short of calamitous. As the air churned in the wake
of the blades, the swarms of bats screeched in panic and fear as they were torn asunder by the
gale or smashed against stone structures and walls like nothing more than insects. There was
no shelter from the storm, no mercy. Boudica was forced to summon her blade and stab into
the stone wall beside her to anchor herself from the typhoon, holding the Master close to her.
The catlike being grasped from the exertion of his magecraft. His body grew hotter and hotter
with each passing moment he maintained the Vacuum Wave. Was this how Ren felt every
time he used his abilities to the utmost? Still, he stuck to their plan. Until he got the okay
from Medea or any indication that the situation had changed, he couldn’t let up – he wouldn’t
let up. He wouldn’t settle for any less.
The winds picked up even further. Trapped in the confined space, the gales rebounded off the
walls and crashed against other air currents, creating a violent tempest. The panicked
shrieking of bats could barely be heard above the rampaging winds as they dwindled in
number and volume, many of them prematurely silenced as they met their ends. Rocks and
rubble, propelled by the storm, darted through the air like bullets, tearing everything they met
asunder.
Then the world began turning and everything shifted – up until Boudica caught him.
“Master!” she called out over the wind in concern. “You’re burning up! You need to stop
this!”
The catlike being slowly righted himself. He couldn’t even tell if his eyes were open or not
through the exhaustion, fevered delirium, and darkness. “Did anyone report in?” he gasped
out, barely audible above the gale.

The Rider hesitated, then reluctantly shook her head. “Nobody has said anything yet,” she
admitted.
“Then I’m not stopping,” he growled. Ignoring Boudica’s further protests, he prepared
another Vacuum Wave when suddenly a voice boomed out over the howling winds.
“Rule Breaker!”
Then suddenly, everything exploded all around them in pure light. Boudica shielded her eyes
as Morgana yowled, agony lancing through his throbbing brain and circuits. His eyes shut
tightly as he cradled his head. A moment later, he felt himself being hoisted into the air and
carried. Boudica was probably moving him. Slowly, he opened his eyes to check on his
surroundings.
Whatever the chamber looked like before, it was nothing but a wreckage, dimly lit by stray
flames. Stone rubble was strewn all about, hurled every which way from the storm and
whatever the Servants and the beast had done. The ground was completely littered with the
corpses of bats. Some had been sliced into pieces, many others were broken and shattered.
Underneath the bodies were gold coins, exotic fabrics, and innumerable other treasures, all
drenched in blood.
Under normal circumstances, he would’ve gone completely crazy for the treasure, but his
feverish mind could barely string together a coherent thought. Instead, he pulled what
remained of his focus together to look for any oncoming threats. The countless numbers of
bats fluttering high above them, a black, ominous cloud that squeaked and screeched in
confusion.
Then a blue glow began overtaking this vision. Squinting his eyes, he turned to the source
and saw Medea standing there, her dagger in one hand and staff in the other as a glowing orb
of light floated near her. Standing beside her was Artoria, invisible blade in hand. They both
turned towards them, looking slightly haggard but otherwise fine. “Master, Boudica,” the
King of Knights greeted.
“Artoria. Medea,” the Rider greeted in turn. “Where’s Archer?”
She was soon answered as a rumble nearby echoed through the ruined chamber. A gigantic
pile of rubble nearby suddenly erupted, followed by something being flung at high speed.
Artoria’s eyes widened. Her blade vanished as she leaped up, intercepting the object – and
caught Archer in her arms. “Archer!” she cried.
“Heh, not my best work, I’ll admit,” he gasped out. The red-mantled hero was no longer
wearing his coat, revealing how bad a condition he was in. He was covered in wounds from
head to toe and completely caked in blood and dust – both his own and the giant bat’s. His
black body armor was scored and torn in dozens of places, revealing weeping gashes and
puncture wounds. However, that paled in comparison to the most striking injury of all:
His arm was gone, the stump bleeding out his vital fluids. “Fighting in the dark isn’t my
specialty,” he admitted with a weak grin.

Before anyone could respond, a low thump interrupted them. The giant bat stepped forth,
shaking off the rubble. It was covered in stone armor and crowned with a ceremonial
headdress. Its claws were tipped with gleaming black stone. The nostrils of its flat nose flared
as it took in the scent of its surroundings, its gigantic ears twitching slightly. Embedded in its
body were multiple swords – most likely Archer’s work. Its baleful yellow eyes stared at
Medea’s orb of light, then back at the group slowly, as if piecing everything together. Without
taking its gaze off the group, it turned and spat out what it held in its maw: Archer’s still
bleeding arm.
Artoria immediately moved in front, holding her sword at the ready while a battery of magic
circles appeared above Medea, all aiming at the creature. Meanwhile, as Boudica protectively
held Morgana closer, the catlike being looked weakly over at Archer, then over at his arm.
For a moment, nobody moved.
Then the beast shrieked, the sound dwarfing any cry it had made before. The sheer power of
it created a blast of energy, forcing all of them back. Darkness emerged from its form and
quickly shrouded their vision, rendering them blind once more. Moments later, Artoria
sensed its presence rapidly approaching and swung her blade. It collided against something
hard, sending her skidding backward as she barely held her ground. The pressure lessened
slightly and the Saber braced herself for another attack“The creature’s right! Attack there!”
Her eyes widened in surprise. Before she could react or say anything further, something
flashed brightly from that direction and suddenly, she could see again – just in time to see the
bat’s other claw smashing down on her location. Nimbly dodging to the side, it shot past her
as she swiped at its head. Her sword scraped against it like it hit stone, but it was enough to
force the bat back in surprise, allowing her to catch a glimpse of Byakuya embedded in the
ground before it shattered.
“Well, good to know it’s easier to get rid of this time,” Archer remarked, smirking despite all
his injuries.
The gigantic bat shrieked upward, and it was answered by the swarms of its smaller cohorts
above. More began pouring in from side chambers, quickly filling the room before
descending on them in almost uncountable swarms. Medea quickly muttered an aria and a
barrier of wind formed around them, deflecting the first wave, but they pressed hard, trying to
use their combined mass to shove through.
Morgana scowled as he blinked blearily at the situation. His bones felt like water and his skin
and muscles felt like they were burning. He hoped they would at least be able to retrieve
Archer’s arm so he could reattach it and spare himself a bit of energy, but there was nothing
for it. Using Mercurius right now was beyond him, so for now… “Zorro!” he cried.
The musketeer persona burst forth in a flash of blue flame. With a gesture of its rapier,
Archer began glowing with a green light as all his wounds sealed up and healed. More
importantly, his arm grew back: Bone, muscle and sinew, skin, all of it. A second later,
Archer’s arm was back as if though it had never been injured in the first place, leaving the
man staring at his new limb in shock and amazement.

The catlike being prepared another healing spell to at least get everyone fully restored – then
a coughing fit seized him as his circuits burned throughout his body. Zorro burst like a
balloon into nothingness, leaving the Master there struggling to catch his breath.
“Master!” Artoria called out in concern. Even Medea looked over in shock before turning
around and redoubling the winds. There was currently no sign of the giant bat. “Boudica, can
you use your chariot?”
Boudica blinked, then nodded with determination. “I will protect you,” she intoned, gathering
magical energy. Medea glanced over, but before she could open a tunnel for them, a storm of
arrows pierced through her winds from within and winnowed out countless bats, creating an
opening.
“Hurry up!” Archer barked, bow in hand. Medea frowned but nevertheless followed up on
the opening by creating a tunnel of wind for her. The Rider’s eyes flashed as she invoked the
name of her Noble Phantasm.
‘Chariot of Boudica!’
Boudica’s chariot, drawn by two great white steeds, burst into being. Cradling Morgana into
her arms, she took off down the opening of wind. It sped down, fast as a storm as the Rider
drove it toward safety – and into the waiting claws of the giant bat as it plunged downward in
a cloud of darkness and bats.
The queen's eyes widened in shock as darkness descended on her and her Master. There was
nowhere to turn or run and she couldn’t go any faster. She could only hope her Noble
Phantasm would hold“Hrunting!”
A dark sword-arrow sped like a comet right into the cloud. There was a resounding screech of
shock as it was knocked off course, causing it to crash hard into the stone below. The Rider
took advantage and dashed through on her chariot, eventually breaking free of the swarms of
bats. Now she had a lot more room to maneuver – and neither the giant bat nor the smaller
ones would be able to touch her.
“Do not be sloppy, Archer,” Medea chided. With another wave of her staff, vines shot out of
the ground and wrapped around the bat. There was another screech of panic as it tore its way
out, but more vines came to reinforce it. “We cannot resort to half measures for this creature.”
The red-mantled hero smirked sardonically. “Are you planning on making this one a familiar
too?” he asked as he summoned another sword to his hand. “You were always one to make
use of any and all resources when you can grab them.”
The Caster flashed a glare at the man. “Spare me your spite and jest,” she snapped. “This
isn’t some mere creature Artemis has sent us chasing – this bat is a divine beast!”
Archer’s smile immediately vanished. “What did you say?” he asked in disbelief.

Any further conversation was forestalled by another shriek from the giant bat. The swarms
above all descended at once in a black mass, obscuring their vision and harrying them by
battering, biting, and clawing at the Servants. With that opening, the creature freed one of its
claws from the vines, the plants tearing and snapping from its strength. It grabbed Artoria in
midair as she charged in for another blow and dragged her along the ground before throwing
her hard enough to crater another wall.
“Artoria!” Morgana cried. He still dangled in Boudica’s grip as the Rider kept her chariot
moving, outpacing the bats as best as she could while holding her shield up to prevent the
bats from doing any further harm via inertia. At this rate, they were all going to be
overwhelmed as the bat quickly started regaining its momentum.
His circuits began warming up again, singeing his already burning body as he prepared his
persona. A quick heal to everyone here, then a wind spell to give everyone else an opening.
He already pushed himself this far – there’s absolutely no way he wouldn’t see this through
to the end. Taking a deep breath, he tore off his mask within himself as he always did.
“Zor-!” he began calling out.
Then Medea pointed her staff at him, and the catlike being immediately slumped over
unconscious.
“Master!” Boudica cried out, sparing only a quick glance at Morgana before spurring her
chariot on to avoid the bats.
Ignoring the glare from Archer beside her, she muttered another aria under her breath. With a
wave of her staff, a powerful gust of freezing winds emanated from her, turning the swarms
of bats around them into frozen sculptures. The sheer drop in temperature caused the tropical
bats to squeal in confusion, fluttering every which way. It would take a second for the giant
bat to regain control over them.
More than enough time for Artoria to dash forward at inhuman speeds, her blade at the ready
once more. The giant bat moved to swat her away – and the King of Knights lifted her sword,
slicing off one of its talons. Shrieking in pain and surprise, it took to the air. Her reach was
only slightly shy of it, her blow once more glancing off the beast’s face as it fled upwards,
darkness once more springing from its being as the swarms of its lesser brethren wrapped
around it.
As the darkness descended, Medea scowled. A small magic circle appeared and blasted a ray
of power to a spot above. Something burst, and once again the darkness lifted, revealing the
bat – with a maw full of its subordinates, devouring the bloody mass. As it did so, the talon
that had been sliced off rapidly grew back. The Hrunting that had been barely embedded in
its slide slowly pushed out before finally exiting its flesh, the sword-arrow clanging loudly
against the stone.
Archer scowled as it reassessed the creature. It could eat its kin to regenerate – and he had a
feeling it had been doing that whenever it actually got hit by Hrunting – and it somehow kept
deflecting Saber’s blows. The latter was cause for concern; unless the bat was made of solid
metal, she should be slicing through it without much issue. But it was a flesh-and-blood
creature, not a construct. The only way he could think of was to…

His eyes widened. Was it possible?
His attention was grabbed as the King of Knights charged back in, and he could see why: The
giant bat had been eyeing the chariot with Boudica, who had her hands full both holding an
unconscious Morgana and avoiding the swarms of bats all around them. Artoria skillfully
used her mana burst to quickly lift herself into the air, then shot back down to bring her blade
down on the creature’s head. A flap of its wings allowed it to dodge backwards away from
the Saber…
And allowed Archer to hop up in turn behind it, a dagger with a zig-zagging blade in hand.
“Rule Breaker!” he declared. Before the bat could readjust its position, the blade came down.
There was a bright flash of purple light and the sound of something breaking. The bat
screeched and whirled about in the air, smashing Archer out of the air and into a wall. Yet
despite the hard hit and collision, the red-mantled hero could only smirk.
Medea’s eyes meanwhile widened at the use of her own Noble Phantasm utilized against the
bat, but didn’t question it any further. Instead, another battery of magic circles appeared all
around her and trained on the bat. Pointing with her staff, they all fired at the creature,
forcing it to dive in order to avoid the blasts. The bats it left behind were vaporized by the
oncoming beams, though it did little do hinder their numbers.
Still, it was within her expectations. Muttering another aria under her breath, she let out
another blast of freezing wind, this time directing it in a wide range at the bat. With a screech,
it laboriously flapped its wings to both gain altitude and beat back the icy air. It partially
succeeded, catching only its claw and encasing it in ice. With a screech of rage and pain, the
bat turned toward Medea and lunged toward her, its iced claw glimmering like liquid flame
against the burning treasures on the ground.
In its rage, however, it ignored its surroundings – particularly the combatant rushing in from
the side at blinding speeds. Within a split second, Artoria had darted upward once more,
taking advantage of the bat’s distraction. Raising her blade, she sliced again, aiming to slice
off its head. The creature gave a startled squeak as it threw itself to the side, barely dodging
the blade. However, the king’s blade still left its mark, carving a bloody furrow across its
neck.
The reaction from the creature was immediate: As the creature crashed against the ground, it
let out an ear-destroying shriek of shock. Its numerous subordinates began wailing in their
own agony and panic in response, fluttering everywhere in a panic. More of their bodies
began dropping as in their disorientation, they crashed against each other or against the stone
walls while many of them even began escaping via the side chambers from whence they
came.
But that paled in comparison compared to their superior. Its baleful eyes glowed with pure
hatred and anger at the intruders. Its gaze flitted between each of them, as though it was
memorizing their faces and presences. Artoria raised her blade, ready for any move it might
make while Medea prepared more magic circles. Archer loosely held his shortswords, ready
to adjust as necessary to the situation. They sized each other up, waiting for either side to
make the first move.

Then darkness began flowing out from the gigantic bat, quickly obscuring their vision. Yet as
their sight clouded over and rendered them blind once more, it cleared just as quickly. The
only sign of the bat now was a massive shapeless void in the air as it darted down a side
corridor, surrounded by its contingent of brethren. The shrieks of the creatures echoed
through the stone hall and gradually became fainter as they all fled. Soon, all that was left
was a chamber filled with bat corpses, ruined treasure, and exhausted Servants. However, that
was the least of their concerns.
“Something has happened to Master,” Boudica reported as she rode up to them, glancing in
concern at Morgana still unresponsive in her arms. “He won’t rouse no matter what I do.”
Archer immediately rounded on Medea, his shortsword at her throat. “What did you do?” he
growled.
Medea shot an impatient glare at the red-mantled hero, unperturbed by the threat. “Calm
yourself,” she snapped. “I merely put our Master to sleep. It will be some time before he
wakes, by which point, this hunt should be over.”
“And what right do you have to cast such an enchantment on our Master,” Artoria snarled,
stalking up to her. “Would you cast any mystery on them if it suited your needs? How are we
supposed to trust you if that is what you intend to do?”
“Do I need to explain my every breath to you, Artoria Pendragon?” Medea retorted. “I
believe it has been explained to you countless times that I am working in our Masters’ best
interests. No more, and certainly no less. I had cast a sleeping spell on him because he had
been about to use his own magecraft once more to assist us – an unnecessary move given we
had the situation well in hand and one that would have caused him further harm. And yet here
we are bickering like children instead of focusing on the task at hand!”
“You’ll have to forgive us,” Archer replied sardonically. “It’s past experiences that have
driven us so – especially since we are well aware of your ruthlessness and perversions of
even the best intentions.” He gave a humorless smile. “We have reasons to believe that you
may be working to subvert our efforts for the sake of your Master – and for yourself.”
The Caster whirled on the red-mantled hero, her eye twitching underneath her hood. “Yes,
you certainly would know about that, Archer,” she spat, her venom barely held back in her
voice. “By your logic, I should be utterly paranoid of every move you make as well and be
wary of any swords or arrows suddenly impaling me from behind. Is that the answer you
want from me, Archer? Or should I seek recompense for what you have done to Soichirou
after all?”
The smile from Archer grew thinner as he lowered his hands to his sides. For a moment, none
of them moved as the witch gripped her staff tighter, warily eyeing the other two Servants. A
second past, then another, as if the world was waiting for their inevitable conflict with bated
breath. Like a cord pulled taut, all it needed was a single strand unravelling for it to snap.
Suddenly, there was the rumbling of wheels rolling over stone, and a spilt second later
Boudica had landed among the three of them. “That’s enough!” she roared out, glaring at all
three of them as Morgana continued to doze in her arms. “I do not know what grievances you

had, whether in life or a past summoning, but that isn’t a priority right now! I shouldn’t have
to tell you all any of this!”
Her eyes fixed on the Saber. “Especially you,” she continued. “I expected better from you,
Artoria! We have a mission, and you of all people should know to put aside personal grudges
in order to fulfill them! We’ve already spoken to this before and the fact that I must speak
about it again is disappointing. I expected better.” Artoria turned away with a scowl, unable
to argue against the Rider’s point.
Meanwhile, the queen turned to the Caster. “And Medea, while it’s clear you believe what
you have done was best for everyone, clearer communication without antagonizing others
would be more helpful here, especially for those who already don’t trust you. And putting
your own Master to sleep in such a manner won’t endear you to other Servants. I hope you at
least understand that.” Medea frowned but otherwise said nothing.
Finally, she rounded on the red-mantled hero. “And Archer,” she said. “Stop antagonizing.
Friend or foe in the past, it doesn’t matter right now. Acting like that isn’t going to help
anyone – it’s ratcheting up tensions and having us at each other’s throats. You’re capable of
working with others, so do so.” Archer simple raised his hands with a sardonic smile but also
said nothing.
Boudica finally let out a small, stressed breath. “Medea, can you lift the sleep enchantment
on our Master?” she asked. “We should brief him on what has happened and discuss how to
work from here.”
Medea pressed her lips together into a thin line but nevertheless nodded. Turning to Morgana,
her eyes widened as the catlike being already started stirring. She hadn’t even had a chance to
actually lift the mystery yet as his eyes sleepily opened. “Eh? Wha? What happened?” he
blurted, blinking his eyes blearily, then wincing as the strain from overusing his circuits and
body hit at once. “Ow, ow, ow, ow. Did you guys take it down? Can we at least grab some of
the treasure around here before we head back?”
“There have been some complications, Master,” the Caster replied stiffly.
Morgana could only breathe a long sigh of exasperation in response. “Of course there are,” he
muttered. “What’s going on?”
The Servants reported what had happened and what they had observed during their fight.
First, the bat was a divine beast, according to Medea. Such creatures were a threat even
during the Age of the Gods, to say nothing to the Age of Man, and they would need to adjust
their strength and strategies accordingly. Following up on that, the bat could utilize magecraft
as well: creating light-trapping bounded fields, command and create its numerous bat
familiars, and even use reinforcement. The last one was something that Archer personally
confirmed with his projected Rule Breaker.
Artoria supplied them with more disturbing news, however: It had been devouring its own
familiars to regenerate its wounds at an astounding rate, which would explain why Archer’s
Hrunting arrows had left no lasting wounds. More importantly, there was no confirmation if

simply healing was the sole limitation of what the bat could do with its familiars. As for the
interpersonal Servant conflict, Artoria, Archer, and Medea were silent as Boudica relayed
what had happened.
Morgana’s frown became deeper and deeper the more that was explained to him. “So we’re
up against a divine beast, one that can use magecraft and can regenerate by eating bats,” he
summed up. “In the meantime, you three can’t trust each other so we don’t even have
teamwork.” As much as he wanted to lay into the three right now, Boudica had already done
so and it wouldn’t help anyway.
Considering everything though, time was of the essence before the bat could rally its strength
and resources again. A quick and dirty solution that would at least last the mission would be
all he could do. But what would that solution be?
What would Ren do here?
“Alright, listen,” Morgana said, garnering the Servants’ attentions. “Something happened
between the three of you. I get it. I’m not gonna ask you guys to just get along with each
other – even I know that’s impossible.”
His eyes were sharp as he looked up at them. “However, what you can trust at least is the
identity of the person you’re dealing with,” he declared. “The three of you are working with
King Artoria Pendragon, Medea of Colchis, and… well, I’m still not sure who Archer is, but
he’s proven himself plenty capable countless times already, hasn’t he?”
Artoria nodded confidently while the Caster gave the red-mantled hero a glance. A frown on
Medea’s face was the only expression any of them could see on her but otherwise, the witch
made no disagreements.
The catlike being nodded, confident he was getting somewhere with them. “Even if you don’t
like each other, everyone here is a hero and legend in their own right, with abilities to match,”
he finished. “So you can at least trust that about them! And like hell is some gigantic bat is a
match for all of us combined!” The three once more glanced at each other but nevertheless
nodded in acceptance. That, they could work with at least.
Morgana blew a quiet sigh of exasperation. This wasn’t the ideal outcome, but it would work
for now. “Come on, we’re going after the bat,” he stated. “We can’t afford to sit around. We’ll
figure something out on the way.”
With all of them loading onto Boudica’s chariot and Morgana still in the Rider’s arms, they
sped down the side corridor, the wheels easily rolling over the ruins and bat corpses left in the
battle’s wake. The corridor was lit by even more braziers further down, illuminating the
carefully crafted walls and ceilings of carved stone, though overgrowing with moss and other
plant life.
The clopping of hooves echoed and reverberated throughout the hall, drowning out all other
sounds as they thundered by. Archer kept an eye out for any bats or anything observing them,
but so far there had been nothing. Meanwhile, Morgana continued pondering the situation,
glancing occasionally over at his Servants. The bat had the obvious home field advantage

here, both in the temple and most likely even outside. Its ability to utilize magecraft also
complicated matters, though it wasn’t on Medea’s level thankfully.
Each of the Servants also had their own strengths they could bring in. Boudica had been
doing a great job both with mobility and keeping Morgana safe even in the direst
circumstances. Archer could negate the bat’s reinforcement as well as harry it with his
arrows, particularly Hrunting. Medea could restrain the creature as well as provide
considerable utility in other areas.
And Artoria… she would be the lynchpin here. She was the only one who had the sheer raw
power to decisively take out the bat if they managed to give her an opening. Now it was
simply a matter of creating one in the first place.
Morgana’s eyes wandered over Archer and he remembered what he pulled in Orleans. There
was an idea here, but there was something missing. Something decisive. And that would
require all of the Servants working together, unfortunately.
Or did it…?
Before Morgana could ruminate further, Archer called out, “Master, we’re almost outside.”
The catlike being looked up. It was still dark ahead, but given the sun had been setting earlier,
it was most likely night right now. Even from this distance, the scents of outside reached him
– and the faintest squeaking of bats echoing down the chamber. “Got it,” he acknowledged.
“Everyone, be on your guard! It knows we’re following and is probably expecting us at this
point!”
“Do you have a plan, Master?” Medea asked, glancing down at the catlike being.
“Only a semblance of one,” he admitted before looking over to Archer. “One that you’re
going to be key in, Archer. We need your Noble Phantasm.”
The red-mantled hero’s eyes narrowed. “It’s not something to be utilized so lightly,” he
warned.
“I know,” the catlike being acknowledged. “But we need to deprive it of its ridiculous home
field advantage – at least long enough to wear it down and take it out in one go.”
Before they could continue discussing, Boudica’s chariot burst through the opening and back
into the jungle. Gritting her teeth, the Rider snapped the reins. The horses whinnied and
immediately began galloping upward into the air, barreling through branches and leaves.
Holding up her shield, she deflected the rubble that flew towards the weakened Morgana as
they made for the skies. The chariot broke through the canopy and finally burst into the air,
revealing the clear night sky.
“There,” Archer called out.
They all turned. Some distance away, illuminated by the light of a crescent moon, the temple
jutted out from the thick parapet of leaves and flora that consisted of the jungle. The stones,

though dilapidated and overgrown, seemed to almost shimmer in the light. Though time had
marred and blemished its glory, it took little imagination to realize the power and majesty the
structure still held now, let alone in its heyday.
The magnificence only brought into contrast what they were seeing: The giant bat was
perched on the peak of the temple, wings spread wide as it began glowing with power.
Meanwhile, streams of bats flowed through the air, screeching and shrieking, as they all made
their way towards their master’s open maw.
“It’s another blood ritual,” Medea called out in realization, her eyes widening in horror. “We
cannot let it complete it else its capabilities will be far beyond what any of us can handle!”
Archer smirked as his bow appeared in his hand again. “Then we might as well make a mess
of its site,” he remarked. In his other hand appeared a sword with a spiraling blade, more akin
to a drill than a proper sword. Nocking the weapon, it lengthened again into an arrow. He
aimed at the bat, then aimed a bit lower as he forced magical power into the arrow until it
began glowing with energy. Then he released the string.
“Caladbolg!”
The arrow jetted through the air, speeding through the night like a shooting star at hypersonic
speeds. For a split second, there was silence, then the entire temple erupted in a blinding
cataclysm of power and flame, blasting stone, flora, and fauna away with unfathomable
power. The giant bat screeched in shock as it was engulfed in fire while the stone structure
beneath and its lesser brethren disintegrated from the sheer might of the broken phantasm.
“Awesome, Archer!” Morgana cheered, then winced as his strained body protested. While the
temple wasn’t destroyed, a large portion of it still had been obliterated by Archer’s arrow.
“Can you use your Noble Phantasm?”
The red-mantled hero withheld a scowl. “It will take some time to prepare, Master,” he
pointed out.
Before they could continue, darkness formed around the enraged giant bat once more, quickly
growing into a cloud of void – then suddenly, it was engulfed in a whirlwind of icy winds.
The giant bat’s shrieks could barely be heard over the howling gale. “Then talk less and begin
your aria already,” Medea shot back testily. “The bat cares less for your excuses than I do.”
Archer shot a glare at the Caster but for once held his tongue. “I am the bone of my sword,”
he began intoning as magical power quickly began building up.
Meanwhile, the darkness seemed to writhe and press against the cold winds Medea had
conjured. The Caster strained, trying to add more power to her winds, but the bat’s ferocity
could not be withstood. “It’s breaking out,” she warned. “Get ready!”
A moment later, it burst through the cage of wind and rushed straight toward them. Boudica
veered to the side without hesitation, clutching Morgana close to her as they narrowly
avoided the oncoming black cloud. Their vision was quickly shrouded once more, leaving
them in darkness. Then just as quickly, the darkness dissipated as Medea fired her blasts of

energy at the bounded fields, releasing the light held within and revealing the incensed giant
bat.
With a loud shriek, countless more bats began fluttering up from the jungle below, intent on
swarming the chariot. It was a simple matter for Boudica to maneuver past the ungainly mass
of creatures, but they were relentless. Its superior meanwhile flew around them, gaining
altitude to dive on them but was driven back by the countless magical barrages from Medea.
Meanwhile, Artoria observed her surroundings impassively, awaiting her opportunity.
“Yet those hands will never hold anything,” Archer intoned. He shot a quick glance at
Morgana, who quickly figured out the message.
“Boudica, get in close to the bat!” the catlike being called out.
As he shouted out his orders, Medea suddenly hopped off the chariot, her cloak rapidly
billowing out as she took to the skies. Morgana spun around, his eyes widening in surprise at
what the Caster had done. ‘Archer’s bounded field won’t be enough,’ the witch mentally
stated. ‘I’ll make my preparations here. Wear the creature down as much as you can within.”
The catlike being grit his teeth as Medea’s black cloak vanished into the night, but all he
could do now was trust her.
Ironic.
Meanwhile, Boudica’s eyes narrowed in determination. Whipping the reins, she spurred her
horses forward, charging through the air. Swarms of countless bats rose into the air and
attacked from above, below, and her flanks, yet the queen nimbly dodged all of them and
rapidly closed in on the giant bat. The creature, in turn, seeing the challenge, screeched
loudly in rage, green lines shining on its body briefly as it activated its reinforcement again.
They approached one another on a collision course, closer, closer…
“So as I pray-“
“Unlimited Blade Works!”
A conflagration of flames burst forth from Archer, rapidly enveloping his surroundings:
Morgana, the Servants, and the chariot. The giant bat squeaked in surprise and quickly began
flapping its wings to get away, but its momentum combined with the rapid expansion of
flames ensured it wouldn’t be able to escape. As the flames engulfed all of them, their
surroundings got brighter and brighter until they were all forced to close their eyes.
When they opened them, their new surroundings couldn’t be any more different: An ashy
wasteland as far as the eye could see, the rays of the setting sun choked by dark clouds and
smog, with gigantic black gears turning in the distance. The land was embedded with
countless swords of all shapes, sizes, and legends, giving more than a passing resemblance to
a gigantic gravesite. The air was completely dry, with only a faint breeze compared to the
humid jungle they were just in.
It was an austere, barren land – fitting for one who had walked a hero’s path until the very
end where only despair awaited him.

Morgana took a deep breath. Already he felt far stronger here than he did back in the real
world as his Metaverse abilities returned to him. He shouldn’t push himself, but at least he
would be able to do more here. He had to smirk at the thought. That bat wouldn’t know what
hit it.
Though speaking of the bat, it was looking around at its new surroundings, completely
confused. It evidently hadn’t expected a complete change in the environment without any of
the protections it had been used to or prepared. There were still a large number of bats flitting
about, though in the open expanse of Unlimited Blade Works, their numbers felt pitiful in
comparison.
With a smirk, Archer raised his hand. A large number of blades in the ground shuddered, then
rocketed into the air. As they spun about, they sliced apart the bats with unerring accuracy, no
matter how many of them there were. Barely a moment later, the only thing that remained of
the bats were their corpses on the ground. Only the gigantic one remained in the air, now
glaring down at the group once again.
“Excellent work, Archer,” Artoria praised with a small smile. Stepping forward, she raised
her blade and prepared to charge in when“Diego!”
She turned in surprise to see the blue musketeer persona tracing a pattern in the air. Before
she could say anything, red, blue, and green lights shone around her before winking out.
Suddenly, she felt stronger, more resilient, and everything around her felt a shade slower. She
had experienced this phenomenon before, and from the same being too. “Master, you need to
rest,” she chided sternly.
Morgana grinned wearily and waved her off. “We’re in Archer’s Reality Marble,” he replied.
“It’s way less stress to use my abilities here than in the real world. Don’t worry about me and
– INCOMING!”
Artoria whirled around to see the bat divebombing, aiming for Boudica and her chariot. The
Rider scowled and whipped the reins. As the horses began thundering away, the bat adjusted
its trajectory to catch up, its obsidian-tipped claws glinting in the sparse sunlight of the
worldAnd it was knocked aside by the Saber charging in, mana bursting to accelerate to ludicrous
speeds like a silver comet and colliding blade first with the beast. The bat shrieked in surprise
as the wind-sheathed sword burrowed into its side, piercing through its reinforcement thanks
to Morgana’s enchantment. The wound wasn’t deep, but the momentum still forced the
creature away from Boudica and Morgana, forcing it to crash against the ground.
As the King of Knights jumped away, a storm of blades descended from the skies. The
swords bounced off its body as if though they met solid stone, but the sheer number of them
made it difficult to discern its surroundings or hear anything approaching over the resulting
clamor. Taking to the air wasn’t an option either, with the force the blades were bearing down
on it. With a wild shriek, it charged instead, its claws churning the barren ground underneath
it as it sought to break through the steel curtain.

Once it broke through, instead of finding a reprieve, it was instead set upon by Artoria once
again. As she lashed out with her blade, this time the bat caught it and pinned it to the ground
with a single motion. With her blade no longer a factor, it lunged forward, seeking to bite off
her head. For the Saber, such a move would normally be too fast to react to except by
instinct.
However, to her, the bat felt like it was moving more slowly than usual – enough time to
consider and execute her next move. Releasing her blade, she ducked underneath the
snapping maw of the bat as her sword vanished. An instant later, it reappeared in her hands
once more as she swung again, this time at its forearm. It sliced through its magical defenses
and into flesh and bone, causing the creature to shriek loudly.
“You might want to move, Saber.”
Artoria’s eyes flicked to the side at the warning before jumping away from the bat. Before the
creature could regroup, a single small blade flashed from the sky and struck the bat, erupting
in a purple explosion. There was the sound of something shattering once again as its attempts
to use magecraft once more failed. The bat look up with a snarl – and saw countless blades
speeding toward it. Its eyes widening in rage, it focused on the smirking Archer and reared to
charge“Diego!”
What could only be described as twin buzzsaws of wind grinded into either side of it, pinning
it in place. It whipped its head in different directions, trying to find the source of the wind.
There was no sign, no indicator that it was either Artoria or Archer who cast the magic. With
a furious shriek, it slowly started lifting itself, pushing against the howling winds as its vision
became redThe blades dove down from the sky like comets, piercing past its stone armor and embedding
itself in the bat’s body, sinking deep into parts of it that were uncovered. The creature
shrieked both in torment and anger, its yellow eyes almost glowing with rage. It glared at all
of them, its chest heaving as it breathed through its torment. Archer stared back
dispassionately with a smirk, though the sweat beading down his face belied his strain. Then
it turned again as Artoria charged back in, her blade at the ready. The bat roared in defiance
and swung its claw“Sword of Boudica!"
From yet another flank, a flurry of magical orbs bombarded its side. It turned to growl at the
disturbance, more infuriated at it than actually hurt by it. It was coming from Boudica, her
sword pointed at the bat as she rode by in her chariot, Morgana still in hand. It turned its
attention back to Artoria just a moment too late as she brought her blade down. It lunged with
a claw – and screeched as it was completely sliced off with the king’s adept swordsmanship.
And yet its rage appeared to be uncontrollable now. And as Artoria prepared another strike,
the beast lunged forward and bit down hard into the king’s shoulders where she wasn’t
armored. The Saber cried out as its fangs dug into her flesh and blood flowed from the
wound. Before she could retaliate, the bat flung her hard away from it, sending her crashing

against the ground. Another bombardment of swords prevented it from following up,
allowing the king to stagger up, gritting her teeth as she bled from her injury.
“Artoria!” Morgana cried. Before he could summon Diego again, Medea began speaking.
‘Master, my preparations are ready,’ Medea announced.
The catlike being nodded at the news before reaching over to Archer mentally. ‘Archer,
Medea said she’s ready with whatever she’s got,’ he stated. ‘Go ahead and release your
reality marble.’
The red-mantled hero glanced over at his Master in surprise, yet even with the high speed of
Boudica’s chariot, he could still see the determined gaze in Morgana’s eyes. “Very well,
Master,” he accepted. Releasing his hold on the reality marble, the entire world was
enveloped in a bright light blinding everyone once more. When it faded, they were in the
jungle again, the humidity and the cry of fauna and insects slamming their ears.
Without hesitation, the giant bat desperately took to the air again, blood fountaining from its
stump where its claw used to be. It was back in its home territory with all its resources at its
disposal. It took to the air, crying to the night sky and summoning its brethren – and suddenly
its wings were arrested by freezing winds, ice growing and covering its wings. It would’ve
immediately plummeted from the weight were it not the same winds keeping it trapped as
well.
Medea, standing on the remains of the temple, waved her staff again. Multiple magical circles
appeared around the creature, then glowed as they began sparking with electricity, streams
arcing into the bat’s body. It roared with pain and agony, thrashing against its restraints even
harder. However, no matter what it tried, the lightning did not abate nor did the winds
slacken. It was trapped.
“Go!” Medea barked.
Morgana nodded. Whirling back toward Artoria, he called out, “Zorro!” The musketeer
persona activated one more time and once again, the three lights lit up around the Saber.
Once done, it vanished as the catlike being was seized with a coughing fit. “End it,” he
rasped through his exhaustion. “Now!” The king of knights scowled but nevertheless held her
tongue and nodded. She aimed the blade at the ground and roared out a name.
“Strike Air!”
Winds with the force and power of a hurricane buffeted the surrounding Servants and blasted
aside trees and brush as the winds coating Artoria’s blade unraveled explosively, rocketing
her into the air. With it, the blade was revealed again. It was as if a new dawn had arisen in
the jungle with the light of promised victory: beautiful, entrancing, and deadly. It radiated
with pure, undeniable power as she shot up from the trees like an angel of wrath toward the
bat.
The creature’s eyes noticed the glow and saw what was approaching. It shrieked with terror
and redoubled its struggles against its trappings, but no matter what it did, the winds held fast
as the lightning continued to sap away at its strength. It could only watch helplessly as the

Saber rocketed towards it, her blade at the ready. As she approached, she lifted the shining
Excalibur up and swung.
The slice was quick and efficient – the blade, honed and wielded with an expert hand, sliced
through the bat’s flesh as though it were slicing through butter. There was no magical
resistance to it – the bat was still suffering from the effects of Rule Breaker – but even if it
did, no difference would have been made. Everything, from magecraft to stone to flesh,
yielded to the Sword of Promised Victory. The bat only had enough time to look down at the
grim face of Artoria, its mouth opened in a silent shriek, before the blade finally sliced
through, cleanly cleaving flesh and spine alike in one fluid motion.
A moment later, the giant bat’s head fell to the ground with a soft thump, followed by the far
heftier crash of its body as it smashed through trees and foliage. The sounds of wood
snapping and collapsing rang out throughout the jungle, the impact only somewhat softened
by the leaves underneath. Then all was still.
Morgana peered up from Boudica’s arms, wincing as he did so. “Did…” he asked weakly.
“Did we do it?”
“It seems so,” Archer confirmed. Still, he kept an eye on the bat in case it was playing dead
or its death was some sort of illusion. After everything it had pulled off, he wouldn’t be
surprised.
Artoria landed softly on the ground, turning around to observe the corpse. “It is dead,” she
declared. “Though you have exerted yourself far more than necessary, Master.”
The catlike Master chuckled weakly. “Hey, had to make the trap count,” he argued with a
small grin. As Medea flew back down, his communicator pinged. Tapping it, the image of
Artemis popped up again. “Hey, Artemis,” he greeted. “We got the bat.”
The goddess of the hunt grinned. “I saw!” she chirped. “Communications returned as soon as
the bat’s life signs had flatlined! Very well done! I’ll tell the others the good news and have it
all sent over. Very well done, hunters! Though no doubt my darling would have had a slightly
easier time!”
“Hey, don’t knock it until we heard what happened,” Orion cautioned, perching on her
shoulder. “Just looking at the cat’s face, it looked like they had a hard… wait, who’s holding
you right now?” At the question, the teddy bear’s eyes narrowed and tried to observe the
monitor more closely.
Morgana blinked, then his gaze flattened… then an idea creeped into his head. “Boudica’s
holding me right now,” he answered with a wry smile. “She has been the whole time. It was a
rather dangerous hunt, after all, and she had volunteered to keep me safe – which she did a
great job of, if you ask me.”
“Thank you very much, Master,” Boudica replied, matching the Master’s wry smile. “It
wasn’t any trouble at all to fulfill my duty.”

The teddy bear’s eyes practically bulged as he leaned forward. “You were WHAT?! Pressed
up against her?!” he screeched. “Trade places with me, damnit! I wanna feel those too-“
“Feel what, darling?” Artemis inquired, her tone sharp and cold as Orion froze in realization.
“I believe a conversation about your philandering ways after we’re done here is in order,
wouldn’t you agree?”
“Erm, uh, I d-don’t think that’s really n-necessary-“ Orion stammered.
Meanwhile, the goddess turned back to Morgana, beaming. “Anyway, rest up and enjoy your
spoils!” she chirped. “Know that you have earned my blessings!” With that, the
communication flickered out, leaving them alone with their prize.
Morgana sighed as he leaned back, trying to relax – as much as his aching body would allow
him to. “Well, like Artemis said, great job – all of you,” he declared. “This guy was tough
with all his tricks, but all of you pulled through. Like I said, even if you can’t trust each other,
you’re all still heroes in the end.”
Artoria and Archer glanced over at Medea, their eyes filled with suspicion, before looking
away. Medea hadn’t reacted whatsoever aside from a slight frown on her lips. The catlike
being could only sigh. He knew it wouldn’t be that easy, but he had to try. And speaking of
which… “Do you guys think we can take some of the treasure we saw in the room earlier?”
he asked hopefully. “There might be some good stuff we can bring back to Chaldea!”
“We have already desecrated a god’s temple considerably,” Medea rejected curtly. “Doing
anything more risks bringing down the wrath of the god. Artemis’s permission and protection
has her limits.”
“But… treasuuuuure,” Morgana whined.
Boudica smiled, half in exasperation and half in amusement. “We already have plenty here,
Master,” she gently admonished. “We should appreciate that we came out of this hunt with
our lives and our quarry.”
The catlike being sighed. “Yeah, you’re right,” he reluctantly admitted. As much as he
wanted treasure, even he knew it would be too risky at this point. They had what they came
for. Now it was time to go home and get some rest at last. He certainly needed it. He noticed
the bat’s body, himself, and the Servants glowing as they were recalled, and closed his eyes.
Then darkness took him, and he knew no more.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!

https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 112: Chimera
Chapter Summary

Chimeras are fascinating beasts.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Shaped Isle off the coast of Italy wasn’t the largest island. Palm trees lined the sandy
beaches as the Mediterranean Sea, gleaming like diamonds in the afternoon sun, gently
lapped up against the white, smooth sands of the shoreline. Beyond was a lush forest,
teeming with flora and fauna. There was no sign of any humanity or civilization. The only
sounds were the distant cries of seagulls, the waves gently washing over the beach, and the
chirping of insects within the forest. It was the perfect spot for a tropical vacation.
At least, it would be if it wasn’t for the fact that a Chimera at minimum was prowling around.
Ritsuka huffed slightly in bemusement as she stared out over the beautiful sea. “I wonder if I
can convince Chaldea to let us have some vacation time,” she mused. “This place is way too
nice to pass up.”
“I think vacation time was explained in the employee handbook,” Mash mused, thinking back
to their orientation. “Have you perhaps asked Da Vinci or Roman about it? It’s a bit early to
use any of it, I think, but they might be able to do something.”
The redhead sighed. “Nah, they have enough on their plate,” she replied glumly, turning
away from the sea and rolling her shoulders. “We should probably get this hunt underway.”
“Well said,” Leonidas responded. In the gleaming sunlight, his bronze helmet and cuirass
gleamed brilliantly while he waited patiently with shield and spear in hand. “It is best not to
idle about with useless thoughts. They should be focused on the task at hand.”
“Yeah, like a summer debut,” Elizabeth called over, her hand over her eyes as she scanned
the horizon. “There’s not much of an audience at this venue, but this would be a great place
to show off summer Eli-chan! I’ll have to talk to Raven about this – he’s sure to have good
ideas for it! What about you, Squirrel? Do you think this would be a good location for the
debut?”
Ritsuka blinked in surprise at the nickname. “Er,” she stammered, looking down at the beach.
“Well, you could, uh, maybe…”
The Lancer scowled and waved her hand dismissively. “Forget it, I need ideas yesterday, not
stammering,” she snapped. “I’ll just consult with Raven later.”

Mash frowned slightly. “Maybe we should focus on the hunt first, Elizabeth, before we talk
about a new concert?” she suggested with a slight tone of disapproval.
Elizabeth scowled back. “Watch it, Mash,” she growled. “There’s no reason that an idol like
me can’t multitask! I can hunt and brainstorm a concert at the same time, you know!” The
Shielder’s frown deepened at being addressed in such a rude manner but made no comment
about it.
“Alright, alright,” the Master interjected. “Sorry for doubting you. But the sooner we deal
with the hunt, the faster we can scope out the place for a concert. So with that in mind, we
should at least discuss the chimera.”
The upcoming idol stared in surprise at Ritsuka, then grinned. “Now that’s more like it,
Squirrel!” she agreed happily. “Alright, let’s get this hunt over with!”
Ritsuka nodded, inwardly sighing with relief. Cu Chulainn and Leonidas had become fast
friends and Mash was cordial with both warriors with the Spartan king acting as her mentor.
Elizabeth had been the one point of concern among the team, but she was at least proving
cooperative. In the meantime, the Irish Lancer had chosen to scout ahead and get a lay of the
land, traces of the beast, and anything that might prove useful. The others would be on
standby at the beach until he returned.
The Master’s communicator lit up. She tapped it – and her eyes widened in surprise to see the
beaming face of the goddess of the hunt. “Oh, hey, Artemis,” she greeted. “Taking the place
of Roman and Da Vinci?”
“As the goddess of the hunt, it is my responsibility and duty to oversee all of them to the end,”
she announced with a bright smile. “What’s your plan?”
“Cu Chulainn has gone on to scout ahead,” Mash informed her. “And we are about to go over
the Chimera ourselves. Would you like to join the discussion, Artemis?”
Artemis’s eyes widened, then she beamed. “Such a respectful one!” she crooned. “If that is
the case then yes, allow me to bless you with my providence for the hunt!”
Ritsuka barely restrained herself from rolling her eyes as Leonidas bowed. “It is an honor to
have you guiding us, Lady Artemis,” he intoned. “We shall ensure this hunt shall be a
successful one.” The goddess’s grin grew even more at the praise and worship.
With that, the Master launched into the information she had received from Morgana.
According to him, it was a fairly standard chimera, with the front of a lion, back of a goat,
and a snake for a tail. It was a strong and fast creature, necessitating the aerial advantage of
Pegasus to bring it down in myth and even holding off three Servants for a while. It also had
a good amount of cunning – it was able to make use of the cave’s structure to rain poison
down on them, creating space for itself to retreat.
“If I remember correctly, Chimeras could also breathe fire as well,” Artemis added.
“Bellarophon was able to slay one by shoving a spear lined with lead down its throat, though

it was a rather young and inexperienced Chimera he fought. I’m not sure if that will be quite
as effective here.”
The redhead blinked, then she turned to the other Servants. Mash looked over and shook her
head. “I don’t think we have a block of lead in our supplies, Master,” she answered sadly.
Ritsuka sighed. “Well, didn’t think it would be that easy anyway,” she muttered. Before they
could continue, the sound of light, fast footsteps caught her attention. Looking up, she could
see Cu Chulainn running towards them. As he skidded to a halt, spraying sand everywhere,
she approached. “Find anything, Cu?”
The Irish Lancer bore a slightly bemused expression. “I think the kitty’s info may be a bit
outdated,” he replied bluntly.
That sent a chill down Ritsuka’s spine as Mash asked, “What do you mean?”
“I checked the cave where he and his group fought the Chimera,” he explained, jerking his
thumb behind him. “It’s deserted and has been for a while now. Wherever it set its lair up, it
ain’t there anymore. I also did a quick check around the area and found a few droppings –
dried, so it’s nowhere close to here, but they were damn big logs.”
The Master and Elizabeth both wrinkled their noses in disgust at the information while
Artemis smiled enigmatically. “Now Mash, my student,” Leonidas called over. “What do you
think such a finding suggests?”
The Shielder blinked at being called so suddenly before she began thinking. “Well…” she
murmured slowly. “If its waste products were of considerable sizing, then that would mean it
would have taken in much food for nutrients. And if we account its resulting biology and
anatomy…” Her eyes slowly widened in realization and horror.
Ritsuka quickly put the pieces together at the same time. “How big are we talking,” she
asked, her tone dropping all energy and into a strict monotone.
Cu shook his head. “I wasn’t able to find prints,” he replied “But my guess? Big enough to be
a problem.”
“And this is where it begins, my hunters,” Artemis chirped with a bright smile. “I look
forward to your victory. Good hunting~!” With that, the communication flickered out.
The redhead could only click her tongue in annoyance. Leave it to a goddess to be this
annoying. “So, any suggestions?” she asked, looking over at Leonidas and Cu. “Hunts are
new to me, and I’d rather not charge into a figurative lion’s den without knowing what we
can or can’t do.”
Cu frowned slightly before looking into the forest. “Right now? We go in and find it first,” he
replied. “A beast of that size will be leaving traces everywhere. Then we observe its paths,
habits, and the Chimera itself and go from there.”
Ritsuka nodded. “Sounds like a plan,” she agreed. “Mind taking the lead, Cu?”

The Irish Lancer grinned confidently. “Gladly,” he replied happily.
The Master nodded. “Leonidas, I’ll leave the rear guard to you,” she ordered. “Elizabeth, take
the left flank.”
“It will be done, Master,” Leonidas accepted.
“Hmph, you better know what you’re doing,” Elizabeth snorted.
‘So do I,’ Ritsuka thought nervously to herself. She turned to Mash. “And that leaves you to
watch my back,” she finished. “Sound good to you, Mash?”
Mash nodded confidently, summoning her shield in hand. “Of course, senpai,” she replied
confidently. “Please leave your safety and the right to me.”
The redhead grinned. “God, you guys are so freaking awesome,” she remarked. “Alright, let’s
move out.”
They plunged into the forest, leaving the beach behind. As they walked, the sound of waves
and seagulls became muffled and distant as the foliage became thicker, the brush and trees
obscuring their vision. Walking at a steady but careful pace, Cu Chulainn looked around for
any traces of the Chimera while the other Servants kept careful watch.
Ritsuka had to admit, despite the seriousness of the situation, she felt oddly calm. The forest
was home to at least one dangerous creature, and it was their home territory. However, they
were also dangerous in turn and could coordinate to amplify each other’s strengths. Her heart
was pounding hard within her chest, yet her mind was clear regardless. Was this what it felt
like being on the hunt? She could see why certain warriors and heroes loved it.
“Oi, Master, over here.”
At Cu’s voice, the redhead turned around to look. The Lancer was kneeling beside what
appeared to be a destroyed tree, surveying it closely. As she approached, he pointed over to
the trunk. “The marks and breakage are fresh,” he stated. “We’re definitely in its territory
now.”
The Master gulped nervously. She could see the claw marks clearly on the trunk, the width of
each one only slightly smaller than her own forearm. It certainly reminded her of cats when
they scratched up certain things – only this was much, much bigger. “I see,” she muttered,
staving off her uneasiness. “We should probably pick up our pace before it gets away then.”
The Irish Lancer nodded. “Yep,” he agreed as he stood back up after picking up a pebble.
“Thankfully this makes things a lot easier.” Drawing a pattern on it, a rune lit up on the stone
as it began floating in the air. It then raced off in a direction, stopping within viewing distance
of the others. “We’ll just need to follow that little guy and it’ll lead us right to the Chimera,”
he explained.
Ritsuka stared at the pebble. “How come you didn’t start with that?” she asked as they began
following it.

“Fresher traces make for better tracking and easier paths,” Cu replied, his eyes trained on the
impromptu tracker as they marched, keeping their formation. “Using it by itself would
probably have us wandering in circles for a bit, and its crap earlier would’ve taken us through
some of its old paths first. Nah, those claw marks are the best thing here for tracking it
down.”
Mash, who had been quietly listening, quietly asked, “So how close are we to the Chimera,
then?”
Cu grinned, his eagerness almost bestial compared to his usual smiles. “At most? A few
minutes’ walk,” he answered. “This is gonna be fun.”
The redhead took a deep breath, nodded, and glanced at the others. “On your toes, everyone,”
she ordered quietly. “And keep quiet – we don’t want to give our position away.”
Elizabeth snorted. “I don’t see what we have to be afraid of from some overgrown
abomination of a cat, goat, and snake,” she grumbled, nevertheless keeping her voice low.
“Even during my time, Chimeras were regarded with much dread,” Leonidas retorted,
gripping his spear more tightly as he kept an eye on their surroundings. “It is best not to
underestimate it.”
Mash looked pensive. “Didn’t Artemis say that this Chimera survived fighting against
Servants and gained dominance by fighting and killing other beasts?” she asked. “Shouldn’t
we account for that?”
Ritsuka nodded. “We should,” she agreed. “But like Cu said earlier, we observe first, then we
go from there. Lead on.”
They continued marching through the forest. The sound of the beach was long gone, replaced
by the distant cries of fauna and the chirping of insects. Ritsuka’s ears strained to catch any
sign of the Chimera – be it a lion’s roar, a goat’s bleat, or a snake’s hiss – but heard nothing.
Even through mental communication, none of the Servants said anything as they continued to
monitor their surroundings while Cu continued to follow the tracker, making sure they
weren’t wandering into an ambush.
Gradually, as they marched, the soft soil turned into moist, rank mud as the trees thinned out.
The Master’s boots sank in the muck up to her ankle, forcing her to start wading through.
Each time she lifted her foot, the marsh sloshed with alarming loudness as she fought the
vacuum formed from stepping into it each time. ‘The hell is this bog?!’ she cried out
mentally in frustration.
‘It’s where the tracker’s leading us,’ Cu responded in kind. He didn’t seem to have any
trouble walking on top of the mud, his footsteps barely sinking into the mud without any
effort on his part. ‘I’ve never heard of a bog being the hunting or nesting grounds of a
Chimera, but every animal’s got their own proclivities, I suppose.’
‘It could’ve chosen a better location,’ Elizabeth snarled, looking down at her heels. ‘This
place is utterly filthy and disgusting. I’ll have to wash my clothes and bathe thoroughly to get

the stench and muck off here! Ugh, this is a terrible place for an idol!”
‘And I will need extra time to polish my own armor,’ Leonidas lamented in turn. ‘But more
importantly, this is poor ground to hunt or fight on. We would likely be at a remarkable
disadvantage if we were to engage it here.’
Ritsuka nodded. ‘Agreed,’ she replied. ‘After we find the Chimera, we’ll look for a good spot
to lure it and fight it there instead. We’re not fighting here if we can help it at all.’
Then Mash noticed something. ‘I… do not recall bogs or marshes often having a purple
coloration in the water,’ she commented.
At the observation, Ritsuka looked up and noticed that many of the pools, including the ones
near them, had either spots or were tinted with bruise-like purple. ‘I don’t either,’ she
murmured. ‘Either they’re some sort of weird algae that has come from the sea, or they’re…
or they’re…” Her eyes widened. ‘Chimera venom. Elizabeth, can you go ahead and scout out
a good area we can lure the beast to? Fighting here is gonna be borderline suicidal at this
rate.’
Elizabeth nodded. Turning away, she vanished into a shower of golden dust as she left to
scout a good location. Meanwhile, she looked over to Leonidas. ‘Can you secure us an
exfiltration route, in case things go south?’ she asked.
‘Is something the matter, senpai?’ Mash asked in concern as Leonidas nodded and similarly
vanished to fulfill his order.
The redhead frowned as Cu looked back at her out of curiosity. ‘Just a very bad feeling here,’
she quietly replied. ‘I’m hoping the most I’ve done is just waste all our time, but…’
‘Trust me, Master, a waste of time is probably the best bit of news a lot of the time for
warriors,’ the Irish Lancer replied. ‘I’ll go on ahead a bit – you might wanna hang back.
Things might get ugly, push comes to shove.’
Ritsuka nodded in agreement. As Cu began marching on, Mash handed her a pair of
binoculars. She grinned at the Shielder. ‘Prepped as always, Mashumallow,’ she remarked as
she accepted the tool.
‘I have been reflecting and learning from past missions and singularities,’ Mash replied with
a soft smile. ‘But I’m glad I could be helpful. Though I hope this will be useful for Ren-senpai
as well.’
‘He’ll definitely appreciate it,’ she replied confidently as she raised the binoculars to her
eyes. It was easy to make out Cu Chulainn’s distinct blue outfit compared to the drab browns
and greens of the swamp. Now that she was observing from a distance, she swore she could
see purple fumes leaking from certain pools and holes. Was the air around here poisoned as
well?
She recalled the debriefing after the siege of Massalia back in the Roman singularity and
what happened to Ren – and the subsequent immunity to poison granted by Mash. A cold

chill ran down her spine. Without that poison immunity, how quickly would she have
succumbed here without even knowing? She needed to be more careful. For now, it was just
them here and possibly Chimera, the only sound being the sloshing of mud around her bootsWait, the sounds.
‘Quick check with everyone,’ Ritsuka called out. ‘Are swamps supposed to be this quiet?’
Mash blinked in surprise before turning around, trying to listen. ‘… It is rather quiet around
here,’ she agreed apprehensively. ‘Cu Chulainn?’
‘No way in hell,’ he growled. ‘There’d at least be a lotta bugs around here buzzing – oh
shit-!’
At the curse, Ritsuka whirled back around, trying to see what was going on. All she could see
was a mass of movement. Then she heard a sound like thunder, distant yet rapidly becoming
deafeningAnd everything went white.
As her vision cleared up, she tried to get her bearings. She was sprawled in the mud, staining
her white Master uniform and gloves. Her ears were ringing, with all other sounds
incomprehensibly muffled. The air was incredibly hot and stifling, leaving her choking and
gasping for air. Each rasping breath sent a fresh wave of pain through her temples, feeling
like something had been using her head as a drum.
“….ster! Master!”
Mash’s concerned voice seemed close yet distant at the same time. Blinking mud and stars
out of her eyes, she felt herself being hoisted up, with her arm thrown around Mash’s neck as
she carried her. “M-Mash…?” she rasped. She tried taking another breath and suddenly
choked and coughed again. The scalding air around her felt like magma to her senses and her
chest felt like it was cooking within.
Something pressed against her face, and suddenly she began breathing much more clearly.
She opened her eyes and suddenly found herself looking through lenses. She could feel Mash
apparently securing the apparatus around her face. A quick touch informed her of what Mash
had just put on her: A gas mask. “Thanks, Mash,” she murmured, her voice muffled by the
tool as she took a few deep breaths, her lungs and throat easing up a bit from the fresh
oxygen. “W-What just… happened?”
The Shielder looked around them with a concerned scowl. “Everything exploded, Master,”
she replied. “It seemed there was some sort of incendiary component throughout the swamp.
Leonidas has secured an exfiltration route and is currently leading us out of the area.”
Ritsuka nodded weakly, some semblance of coherent thinking returning to her addled brain.
Now that she was properly looking, she could see that the entire swamp was on fire – the
vegetation both alive and dead within, the mud, and even the water itself was burning. It was
like someone had poured oil all over the place and then lit everything up with a match. “And

what about Cu and Elizabeth?” she gasped, forcing herself to walk a bit more so Mash didn’t
have to drag her quite so much.
“Cu Chulainn is currently combating the Chimera,” Mash replied as she continued to haul her
Master, her eyes watching out for any other dangers. “We’ve haven’t heard anything from
Elizabeth yet.”
The redhead scowled underneath her mask, then reached out to everyone via mental link.
‘Guys, check in,’ she ordered. ‘Where are you and what the hell’s going on?’
‘Master.’ Leonidas was the first to respond. ‘I’m directly in front of you and guiding you and
Mash out. Your precautions were warranted as it turns out. Are you injured?’
‘Just my pride,’ Ritsuka grumbled. Her mind was steadily clearing up, allowing her to see the
hellscape around her. She could feel the heat of the conflagration around her through her
clothes, but surprisingly it was cooler than she expected – no worse than being in an active
kitchen. She faintly recalled that apparently the Master uniform had an entire suite of security
measures to protect their wearers, and Da Vinci was still improving them based on field data.
She’d have to thank her later. ‘Cu? Elizabeth?’
‘On my way back!’ Elizabeth called out. ‘I swear, I leave you all alone for three seconds and
everything goes to hell! Ugh, I’m not sure whether you’re all cursed or incompetent!’
‘Oi oi, don’t blame me for incompetence,’ Cu growled out. ‘This thing is damn tricky!’
‘Cu, what the hell are you doing?’ Ritsuka barked.
‘Buying all of you time to get the hell out of here!’ he growled. ‘At least, I’m trying to – I
can’t even get close to this thing! This piece of crap is breathing out flames and poison like
mad! It’s like I’m fighting in a minefield!’
Ritsuka scowled as she calculated her options. ‘Do you need backup?’ she quickly asked.
‘Nah, I’ll join up once you get the hell out,’ he replied, his tone forcibly light. ‘We’re gonna
need another approach to this guy – he’s a tough one.’
The redhead breathed out a sigh. ‘Got it,’ she acknowledged. ‘Elizabeth, meet us outside this
hell and keep an eye out for anything else.’
‘Fine. Though thinking about it, these flames would make for an awesome pyrotechnic show-‘
‘Elizabeth, I love you but please focus.’
The upcoming idol spluttered in sheer surprise over their mental connection. ‘Wha- this is no
time to be flirting, Squirrel!’ she screeched.
Ritsuka raised an eyebrow despite everything going on. Before she could respond, however,
another explosion rang out some distance to her left. Mash moved quickly, her shield already
summoned and blocked a branch that had been flying at them. Gritting her teeth, the Master
marched on with the others. Although she was sore, it didn’t feel like she had broken any

bones. Bruising was practically guaranteed as well as some cuts and scrapes, but given the
scope of what just happened, she was thankful it wasn’t worse.
Before long, the ground turned more solid underneath her feet, turning from mud and bog to
soil again. They were once more surrounded by foliage and trees, with the burning swamp in
the distance. “We should be safe here, senpai,” Mash murmured before gently depositing the
Master on a fallen down tree.
Ritsuka nodded wearily, reaching up and pulling off her gas mask – and wincing slightly as
she could feel the distant heat of the flames through the forest. Both Leonidas and Elizabeth
were nearby, the former staring motionlessly in the direction of the swamp ready to engage if
anything followed them and the latter standing nearby, her arms crossed and looking
bemused.
‘Cu,’ she called out. ‘We managed to get to safety – well, relatively. You can retreat from the
Chimera.’
‘You got it, Master,’ he called back, panting through their connection. ‘Give me a bit – gonna
give it the runaround so it doesn’t just track us down.’
Ritsuka nodded, silently acknowledging the Irish Lancer before breaking the connection. She
looked up blearily as Mash handed her a bottle of water and grinned. “Thanks,
Mashumallow,” she said gratefully, taking the bottle and immediately chugging down half of
it. The cool liquid felt heavenly against her parched, almost burning throat.
Once she finished, she took a breath to collect her thoughts, thinking back to their briefing.
“Were there any indications of natural gas or oil on this island?” she asked.
Mash’s eyes widened a bit in surprise at the question, then shook her head. “Geographical
scans and preliminary reconnaissance didn’t indicate anything of the sort, senpai,” she
answered. “Though admittedly the scans weren’t set for any natural gas or oil, there weren’t
any indicators out of the ordinary. Perhaps we should contact Chaldea and make sure?”
The redhead shook her head. “No, no need,” she declined. “If Chaldea didn’t tell us anything
of the sort – especially when we’re fighting a fire-breathing creature – then it’s likely there
wasn’t one in the first place.” She blew out a long breath as she stared up at the sky and ruled
out the possibilities. If it wasn’t gas or oil, there had to be something else that was incendiary.
With the sheer amount of water from the marshlands, there was no way everything could
catch on fire like that. The only thing that was out of the ordinary was…
“… is Chimera venom flammable?” she pondered out loud.
“Damn right it is.”
Ritsuka and Mash jumped in surprise as Cu Chulainn landed beside them. He bore an
annoyed expression, which contrasted sharply with the numerous burns all across his body.
“Damnit,” the Master cursed, readying the preprogrammed healing mystery embedded within
the Master uniform.

Cu raised a hand to stop her. “Don’t worry about me,” he stated. “A bit of paint and runes and
I’ll be back to normal. We got bigger problems.”
The Master frowned but otherwise reluctantly nodded, her circuits powering down. “So, what
did you find out about the Chimera?”
The Irish Lancer scowled and crossed his arms. “It’s a big boy, for one,” he growled. “Bigger
than a lot of Chimeras I’ve seen. And it’s smart too – it learned how to light up its own
poison with its fire to create traps and explosions. Bastard kept breathing out mists of poison
then lighting it up whenever I tried to move in.”
“It’s a wild beast,” Elizabeth snorted. “How smart can it be?”
“Do not underestimate wild creatures, Elizabeth,” Leonidas admonished. “Just like humans,
they want to live just as much as we do. To that end, they will be just as cunning and
determined as we are to survive.” The idol snorted again but made no argument otherwise.
“Alright,” Ritsuka muttered, running a hand through her hair. “It’s smart enough to trap its
own territory too - not surprising considering we were told it took out the other apex
predators here.” She racked her brain for ideas before looking up to Cu Chulainn. “You got
an idea on how to go through a hunt like this?” she asked.
Cu Chulainn shrugged. There was a quick flash as his body restored itself; there were some
shallower wounds here and there, but most of the burns had healed up. “A few ways,” he
suggested. “Hit and run until it gets exhausted, leave out some bait after poisoning or
drugging it, wait until it goes to sleep and ambush it there. Not the most fun, but it works.”
The redhead nodded. “Alright,” she acknowledged. “In that case, we’ll-“
Before she could lay out a plan, the sound of foliage and trees being ripped apart echoed
through the forest. The Master scrambled up as Mash quickly positioned herself in front of
her senpai, her shield held at the ready. Cu Chulainn scowled as his red spear appeared in his
hands while Leonidas raised his own shield and spear as well.
“An encore already?” Elizabeth hissed in disbelief, summoning her own weapon regardless.
“This thing’s persistent!”
The clamor echoed all around them, persistent and terrifying yet never getting closer or
approaching them. Ritsuka looked at their surroundings nervously, her heartbeat thumping
hard in her ears. She checked on the Servants, who were similarly scanning around looking
for the Chimera. Despite Cu’s report of the beast’s size, there was no sign of it at all save for
the noise.
Then suddenly, there was a loud, pig-like squeal that was abruptly silenced. A moment later,
the noise dwindled down. Ritsuka frowned slightly in surprise. Was it just hunting? They
could’ve caught a lucky break“Above!”

At Leonidas’s shout, the Master quickly looked up to see a large mass flying towards them.
Mash raised her shield and blocked it, knocking it aside. Looking over, Ritsuka’s eyes looked
at the mass – and her eyes widened in horror.
It was a boar. It was completely drenched in the same purple liquid that she had seen in the
swamp, mixing with the dark blood that oozed from large puncture wounds in its body. The
prey’s eyes had rolled up into its head, with flecks of foam at the mouth and the occasional
twitch of its legs.
The Spartan king marched up to it and jabbed at it with his spear. The boat twitched again but
otherwise made no movement. “It’s dead,” he declared grimly. “Or it might as well be.”
Elizabeth looked at it over with disgust. “Ugh, and what the hell is this supposed to be? You
only do stuff like this if you wanna send a message! But what kind of message is it sending?”
Ritsuka frowned before looking at Cu. “Your opinion?” she asked.
Cu Chulainn frowned as he looked over the body. “Killing and making it suffer without even
bothering to eat it,” he mused. “And it threw the damn thing at us. I say it’s either a taunt or a
warning to get the hell outta here. Tch.”
Mash had been observing what had been happening when she suddenly noticed a change in
the air: purple vapor drifting through the trees and surrounding them. Then her eyes widened.
She immediately charged forward, holding up her shield. “True name, Pseudo Register!’ she
cried as she quickly gathered magical power.
Ritsuka’s eyes widened but there was no time to question Mash. “Everyone, behind Mash!”
she roared. Everyone up behind her without hesitation, though Leonidas was right behind the
Shielder, his own shield at the ready should she need it.
“Releasing all limiters! Unleashing Noble Phantasm!” Mash declared. As she spoke, a
glowing barrier of energy projected from her shield, glowing resolutely and powerfully as it
always did.
“Lord Chaldeas!”
The Noble Phantasm activated not a moment too soon – a moment later, the entire area lit
around them in a fiery explosion as an all-consuming roar assaulted their ears. Mash gritted
her teeth as she held firm, blocking out the explosion as the flames howled and wrapped all
around them, burning tree and ground alike. The boar corpse was vaporized by the blaze and
became nothing more than soot.
Finally, the explosion settled down, revealing a different landscape: The forest around them
burning, flames hungrily licking up tree trunks as the nearby brush was consumed. With a
scowl, Ritsuka slid her gas mask back on as the smoke became thicker. The uniform didn’t
exactly filter out breathable air from the smoke or replace the oxygen the fire was consuming.
“Good job, Mash,” she complimented. “Now where the hell is-“
“On our flank!”

Whirling around, the only thing the Master could see through the mask was the forest parted
way as a creature smashed through the burning forest with a roar. Leonidas roared back in
challenge, his shield and spear braced and ready as the creature charged at him. Lunging
forward, its jaws wrapped around the Spartan king’s shield. Before the man could counter, it
flung him hard to the side, sending the Lancer crashing through multiple burning trees and
disappearing into the distance.
Meanwhile, Cu Chulainn had dashed with inhuman speed to one of its flanks while Elizabeth
sprang into the air with a scowl and dived toward the creature. Something rose up from its
midsection and breathed out a spray of poison at the Irish Lancer, who dodged it by pole
vaulting over it and raised his spear to throw.
Before either of their blows landed, however, the main head began glowing as flames
gathered in its throat, and suddenly everything lit up again in another explosion, blasting Cu
and Elizabeth away as Mash barely intercepted it in time, straining against the sheer
concussive force. As the Shielder lowered her shield, panting for breath, Ritsuka could finally
see the creature for herself in its entirety – and was faced with a monstrosity she had severely
underestimated.
The Chimera easily stood at over double her height, its white fur glowing in a hellish light
from the burning forest. Its paws, tipped with great claws, stepped silently on the dirt,
maintaining its balance despite missing several toes. The lion head, noble yet savage, stared
down at them with piercing red eyes, filled with hatred and rage. Its hind section was covered
in black fur, dark as the night, ending in goat’s legs that sank into the soft soil. Rising above
was the great head of a goat, its horns gleaming as its unsettling horizontal eyes observed its
surroundings.
And yet despite its already peculiar appearances, there were more aspects to the creature that
caught her eye. It seemed overly bulky, as if its muscles were outgrowing the constraints of
its body and hide. Its flesh bulged, throwing its numerous scars into even greater relief
against the flames. And while the Master at first thought that it was from the light of the fire,
it was clear that its eyes – from both the lion and goat head – were glowing.
No, not just from the lion and goat head. Were her eyes playing tricks on her, or were there
even more eyes lining around their heads…?
Something flashed towards them and Mash darted forward, barely deflecting it in time. It was
a giant serpent, its green scales glinting ominously, as it hissed threateningly before its forked
tongue flickered out, tasting the air. The mismatched beast was something Ritsuka thought
she knew, thought she had studied before. But no, this creature was something - became
something - different entirely.
She could feel her throat tighten as her hands became freezing cold. This wasn’t just some
creature she read in a book, nor was it anything like what she saw back during their
campaign. Creatures like this one were something only heroes would stand the slightest hope
of defeating. Not someone like her - she was nothing more than fodder here. What was she
even doing here? This was no place for her, and the glare from the lion’s head only further
affirmed that thought.

A second later, the redhead smacked herself on the cheeks to Mash’s surprise and glared up at
the beast. As terrifying as this might be, this wasn’t the time to panic or the training she did
would’ve been for nothing. She needed to figure out a way out of this.
“Mash, keep it busy while I confirm the status of the others!” she barked. “Don’t take any
unnecessary risks – keep yourself safe first and foremost until further orders!”
The Shielder nodded. “Right!” she confirmed. “Mash Kyrielight, engaging!” Shield in hand,
she charged at the Chimera who roared in defiance. Meanwhile, the Master took off in the
other direction to get out of the way, keeping her head low as she kept careful measure of her
location. ‘Guys, report in!’ she ordered. ‘Where the hell are you all?’
‘On my way back to engage with the Chimera,’ Leonidas reported. ‘The ferocity of the beast
caught me unawares, I will admit. It shall not happen again.’
‘Just caught back up to Mash and backing her up!’ Cu Chulainn responded. ‘I told you, this
thing’s one damn tough customer!’
Looking over her shoulder, she could see the faint flashes of blue and red of the Irish hero
fighting alongside the Shielder. She could only breathe a sigh of relief through her mask.
That’s one major load off her mind at least. ‘Elizabeth, what about you?’ she called out.
There was a brief silence. ‘Elizabeth?’ she called again, this time slightly worried.
Instead of the usual bluster and attitude of the idol, there was a choked gagging instead.
‘Making my way back,’ she panted out laboriously. ‘B-but… got p-poisoned…!’
Ritsuka’s eyes widened before biting back a curse. Of course, this had to happen when she
couldn’t rely on Ren’s or Morgana’s personas to cleanse poisons. ‘Leonidas, secure
Elizabeth, bring her over to me, then back up Mash and Cu!’ she ordered. ‘Cu, look for an
opportunity to disengage once Leonidas has joined in so you can help me treat her!’
‘Don’t!’ Elizabeth sharply interjected before the Spartan king could respond. ‘I’ll m-make it
back on my o-own, Master! An idol doesn’t f-fall to things like this so easily!’
The redhead scowled. As much as she admired Elizabeth’s stubbornness, it could also be
singularly frustrating. Then again, it was a trait that she was getting used to overall. ‘At least
make your way over to me so I can heal you up,’ she pleaded. ‘I don’t think Chimera venom
is one of those things you just ‘tough out’, even for someone as awesome as you, Elizabeth.'
‘… Fine,’ the idol finally relented. ‘You better n-not disappoint me, squirrel.’
Ritsuka sighed and nodded in relief. Meanwhile, she had ducked down behind a fallen tree,
panting through her uncomfortable gas mask. Peeking over the top of the tree, she observed
the fight while shoving down the terror screaming from within her heart and soul, all the
while tapping the communicator. The device glowed as the connection established, and
Artemis’s glowing image turned once more. “Artemis, we’re engaged with the creature,” she
reported. “But what the hell is up with that Chimera?! It’s nothing like what Morgana told
me!”

“As I said before, this Chimera has fought through many powerful beings, gaining much
experience and power,” the goddess of the hunt explained happily as the redhead peered
anxiously over the tree trunk. “You are quite correct in that it’s now far more powerful than
before. But it wouldn’t be a hunt without some danger and romance to it, don’t you think?”
Ritsuka barely bit back a curse as her temper flared. “Well, we could use any tips or hints
from the ever-knowledgeable goddess of the hunt,” she replied, doing her best to keep any
sarcasm, hostility, or biting tones out of her voice. “Because whatever it has gone through or
done, I don’t think that’s a normal Chimera anymore!”
“How bad is it?” Orion asked, his ears perking up in curiosity. “Mind showing me, kid?”
With a nod, the Master turned the image to the Servants fighting the Chimera past the trees. It
was getting hard for her to see, with the ashes of the burning forest covering the lens of the
mask, but she could make out a few traces of the action. Meanwhile, the teddy bear let out a
low whistle of astonishment. “Yeesh, he’s an ugly one,” he observed.
“Yes, he is,” Ritsuka agreed impatiently, turning their view back to her. “Anything you can
tell us?”
The teddy bear crossed his arms, looking unusually serious. “I don’t come across beasts like
that often, but when they’re misshapen like that, that’s bad news,” he elaborated. “The
Chimera here is burgeoning to the sheer amount of power and mystery it had gained from its
victories and age. It’s a really unstable time for it – or any creature, really.”
The Master’s eyes widened. Before she could ask further, Elizabeth suddenly appeared next
to her. “Well, squirrel?” she gasped. “You better not leave an idol waiting.”
Ritsuka’s eyes widened as she immediately stood up to check on her. Despite the idol’s
bravado, just her appearance alone sent a cold chill down the Master’s spine. Darkened veins
showed clearly through her pale, sweating skin. She was also noticeably grimacing in pain no
matter how much she tried to hide it, and the redhead could swear she could see flecks of
purple foam leak from the sides of her lips.
“Goddamnit-!” Without any hesitation, the girl warmed her circuits and, channeling her
magical energy through her circuits, used the uniform’s mystic code capability to actuate its
healing magecraft. A green light emanated from her palm as it began. The blackened veins
subsided a bit and Elizabeth’s breathing eased slightly, but otherwise it wasn’t having much
effect. In the meantime, she cast out a mental thought. ‘Cu, can you make your way over
here?’ she called out. ‘We need your runes again!’
As Ritsuka poured more magical energy into the healing magecraft, she glanced back down
at Orion who was impassively watching through the screen. “Keep going,” she panted out.
“What’s this about it being unstable? I-is that a Chimera thing? And if you know how
precisely to treat Chimera venom, that’d also be really good right about now-!”
As she talked, Cu Chulainn landed gently beside them. Also not wasting time with words, he
looked over Elizabeth before pressing his fingers to her neck. “Is putting your fingers on an

idol necessary?” she snapped, but otherwise didn’t withdraw, seemingly conserving her
strength.
Meanwhile, the teddy bear looked over at the idol seriously. “Chimera venom isn’t nearly as
bad as hydra venom,” he murmured. “But it’s still pretty bad. It can be cured traditionally but
that’ll take too long. Hey, Cu Chulainn, can you do any magical cleanses? That should do the
trick.”
The Irish Lancer grinned. Instead of directly answering, he traced out some runes on
Elizabeth’s chest. They shone momentarily and vanished – and so did the blackened veins as
the idol gasped for breath, coughing and wheezing. “M-must you touch me there?” she
snapped, glaring at Cu while wiping the poison foam from her mouth.
“You’re welcome,” the Irish Lancer replied, unimpressed. With a whirl of his red spear, he
dashed back towards the Chimera, who had been contending with both Mash and Leonidas
simultaneously, with Elizabeth quickly following suit.
As Ritsuka ducked back down, she looked back at Orion. “Right, and what’s this about
instability?” she inquired.
“Creatures like that chimera who’ve been around a bit and have fought – and won - against a
lot of strong creatures build up a lot of mystery,” he elaborated, his arms crossed. It would be
an almost comical sight were it not for the dangerous situation they were in. “It takes time for
the creature’s body to adapt properly, after which it’s no longer some mere creature – though
where it’ll stop is beyond my knowledge.”
The teddy bear’s eyes flashed dangerously. “In a sense there’s no better or worse time for you
to take it out,” he stated. “If you can disrupt the mystery within, then it’s gonna basically pop
like a balloon – but how that will end up is also a guess. It could damn well make things way,
way worse for you.”
He leaned back as he relaxed a bit on Artemis’s shoulder. “Or you could try going about it
like a normal hunt,” he finished with a shrug. “You still got that option, though who knows
how that’ll go. Judging by its weird appearance, it may have a lot of new things even I can’t
predict. You never know – maybe this hunt is all it needs to really solidify everything. Lotta
unknowns, but that’s every hunt. Your call on how you wanna handle it.”
The Master breathed a heavy, exasperated sigh through her mask. “Damned if you do,
damned if you don’t, huh?” she summed up through a forced smile. “Thanks. I’ll see if I can
figure something out from here.”
Orion nodded and waved. “Alrighty,” he accepted. “Best of luck on this hunt! Both Artemis
and I are rooting for you!”
“Oh, darling!” the goddess cried, immediately snuggling up to the teddy bear. “So merciful
and kind of you to help them!”
Ritsuka cut off the communication as the two began getting affectionate once more, her mind
racing a million miles a second. Poking her head up above the trunk, she observed the fight.

Mash and Leonidas were at the front, shields raised and doing what they could to draw the
beast’s attention, moving in and bashing the lion’s head whenever it got distracted. However,
despite the creature’s large sizing, its sheer agility made even that simple task tiresome.
In the meantime, Cu Chulainn dashed about at its flanks and moved in whenever there
seemed to be an opening. Unfortunately, he could only manage a few dozen shallow wounds
before he was warded off either by a spray of poison from the goat head or the snake head
darting forward. None of them were close to anything decisive, and every attack only made
the monster angrier.
Despite it all, she could see the Irish Lancer grinning like a madman and couldn’t help but
roll her eyes with a small smile. Of course Cu would have fun with this. Maybe she needed to
take a page or two from him.
Elizabeth had jumped up with a shout, ready to bring her lance down on the goat head, only
to squeak and barely dodge aside a spray of poison from said head. With a scowl, she tried to
match Cu Chulainn’s movements and attack its unprotected flanks with some limited success.
Despite the fight, the Chimera hadn’t used more flames yet, nor had their side used any of
their trump cards.
She ground her teeth. They were at an impasse, though she couldn’t tell how long that would
last.
‘Elizabeth,’ she called out when the idol wasn’t occupied or in immediate danger. ‘You were
scouting around for a good place where we can fight this thing, right? Did you manage to
find anything?’
The draconic Lancer flashed an irritated glare her way. ‘There was some sort of pit nearby the
swamp,’ she quickly replied, keeping an eye on the Chimera and trying to find an opening as
all the other Servants danced around the ferocious beast. ‘Some sort of quarry? I don’t know.
Might be better than fighting here.’
A quarry… then the Master remembered all those poison pits back in the swamp and felt
another chill run down her spine. ‘Did you see any traps or poison in there?’ she asked.
‘How would I know?!’ Elizabeth snapped. ‘I had to rush over here to bail you guys out before
I could properly look around!’ Finally noticing an opening, she sped in, pole-vaulted over the
snake tail lunging for her, and brought her spear down on the main body. The spearhead sunk
in about a few inches before the goat head roared in response. The idol kicked off the body to
fling herself away, barely escaping its gnashing blunt teeth.
Ritsuka thought furiously as she weighed her options. The forest around here was still
burning, catching surrounding trees on fire. Who knows how long they had before the entire
place would be engulfed in the conflagration. And she wasn’t sure how long the oxygen in
the mask lasted either. The resultant dancing shadows also made pools and vapors of poison
harder to see too, yet the Chimera never had enough trouble lighting them on fire.
As for maneuverability, the Servants were making good use of the burning and dead trees,
weaving around them to try and lose the Chimera’s sight and disorient it. The beast in turn

was far too large to sneak through the forest easily himself now that it was on the offensive,
though that mattered little given how it could just flatten the trees and foliage via brute force
alone. It didn’t seem particularly hindered by lack of oxygen, the heat, or the flames
hindering its vision either.
It was a risk, but any move was probably better than no move at all right now. Not unless
they wanted to lose by attrition.
‘Listen up, everyone!’ she called out to the Servants. ‘Fighting in the forest isn’t gonna work.
Elizabeth has found a quarry nearby so we’re gonna take the fighting there! I got an idea for
what to do from there! In the meantime, Elizabeth, lead the way! We’ll bait the Chimera into
the pit where we can commence the operation!’
‘Er, what operation, senpai?’ Mash asked as she blocked off a stream of venom aimed at her
direction.
Ritsuka grinned underneath her mask. ‘Operation Sonic Oven,’ she declared.
‘S-senpai, I don’t think those exist-‘
‘Let me have this, Mashumallow.’
Cu Chulainn could only laugh while Leonidas chuckled and Elizabeth rolled their eyes.
---------Mash panted as she ran through the flaming forest. A tree cracked and started collapsing in
front of her, the trunk blazing as it did so. Gritting her teeth and placing her shield in front,
she smashed right through the tree and broke it into splinters. Then suddenly, she heard
rapidly approaching heavy yet soft footsteps. Spinning on the spot, she raised her shield and
was knocked into the air by the barreling charge of the Chimera.
In a flash, Leonidas was beside the Chimera. Wielding his bronze spear, he threw it with
unerring accuracy at the goat’s head. The polearm sank into one of the extraneous eyes of the
creature, causing it to snarl in surprise and anger. There was a blur of motion as the snake
head reared around and spat a stream of venom at the Spartan king, who barely raised his
shield in time to block it. The purple liquid hissed and smoked as it impacted the metal,
trying to eat through the king’s shield.
The Shielder in the meantime took off her own shield. Bracing her legs on it, she sprang
down with inhuman speed before summoning it back into her own hand and slamming down
on the lion’s head. It was the same technique she had used to save Ren-senpai from the wall
that one time in the United Roman Empire capital, now repurposed with some brainstorming
and practice with Leonidas.
Its effectiveness was astounding, enough to cause the lion’s head to bow from the sheer force.
And yet, she couldn’t feel any of its bones yielding from the impact. Instead, the beast
snarled and roared in a blazing wrath, throwing Mash back. As she skidded to a halt on the

ground, the goat head snarled and breathed a stream of poison mist in her direction as flames
built up in the lion’s maw.
Her eyes widened as realization struck, then she jumped out of the way - just as a blindingly
fast stream of fire blazed through where she had been a split second ago. Glancing up, she
noted that the lion and goat heads were glaring balefully down at her, the former’s head a
visage of pure, otherworldly wrath and hatred. With the confirmation she needed, she turned
on her heel and took off once again. The Chimera followed in hot pursuit, its roars of rage
echoing through the smoke-filled air.
‘Master, the Chimera is still pursuing us as planned,’ Mash reported.
‘Good,’ Ritsuka responded. ‘Cu and Elizabeth are getting their preparations set. Are either of
you hurt?’
‘A few scratches, nothing worth considering,’ Leonidas responded. Although the Shielder
couldn’t see him, she knew the Spartan king was only some distance away, easily keeping
pace with both her and the Chimera. ‘If Elizabeth’s directions and distancing are accurate,
we shall be there within two minutes.’
‘Roger that,’ the Master acknowledged. ‘I’ll let the others know. Keep it up, guys, but your
safety is still top priority. Don’t get injured or poisoned any more than you have to!’
‘Understood, Master,’ Mash replied before breaking off communications. Acting as both a
decoy and a lure wasn’t something she was especially used to, which made her all the more
thankful for Leonidas’s lessons and that she was working with him. The lessons were already
bearing fruit.
‘A battle is not just about matching skills, but also matching minds,’ he had lectured. ‘For
someone of your caliber, Mash Kyrielight, it is imperative you make sure your opponents’
eyes are on you. It narrows their perspective and movements, as well as rendering them
predictable. And a predictable opponent, no matter how strong, is far easier to deal with than
one you cannot fathom.’ Whether it was an army or a beast, it seemed that lesson still
applied.
Her thoughts flitted for a moment to when Ren had rushed to intercept Leonidas back in the
Roman singularity. He had known that lesson a while ago, and used it to great effect – albeit,
with also great risk to himself in the process. Her senpai was a Phantom Thief, wasn’t he? If
she drew the enemy’s attention and allowed him to maneuver behind them all with ease,
would she be on his level then? Would that be enough?
She shoved the thought from her mind. No, this wasn’t the time to think of this. Not when she
had a mission on hand. ‘Approaching the pit,’ she called out, faintly seeing the edge of it past
the trees ahead. ‘ETA: Thirty seconds!’
‘Got it!’ Ritsuka replied, cutting contact once so she could make the last few preparations
with the others.

Once again, she heard the footsteps of the Chimera speeding up. Spinning around, she instead
dashed toward the creature, to its surprise as the lion’s maw began glowing with fire once
again. Instead of raising her shield, this time she sped up and slid underneath the beast
instead, catching it by surprise. Right before she emerged behind the Chimera, she raised her
shield – and almost on cue deflected the serpent head that had lunged at her as soon as she
had appeared.
As the Chimera began turning around, Leonidas charged in from the forest, ramming shieldfirst into the creature’s side. With a roar of anger, the goat head breathed out a thick fog of
poison while the lion head quickly breathed out flames, causing a small explosion that caused
the Spartan king to fly back, smashing into several trees.
Meanwhile, Mash jumped up onto the Chimera’s back after warding off the snake head and
charged down the spine. The goat head turned to face her as she charged and roared in
defiance – which was quickly silenced as she rammed her shield into it. The goat head
bleated – a monstrous, horrific noise – and rammed forward. The Shielder braced herself for
the attack, only for its head to slip underneath her and launch her high into the air.
Mash gritted her teeth in surprise as she flipped over and got her bearings midair, only to see
the lion and goat heads looking up at her. They spat a condensed stream of poison followed
by fire, creating a withering blast of hellfire in her direction. The Shielder considered
blocking, but that would simply blast her further back – something she couldn’t afford.
Instead, once again she took her shield off and using it as a foothold, launched herself away
from the flames. With that, she pounced down in the same move again, this time aiming to
smash the Chimera’s body.
Except this time, her shield sank deep into soft soil instead. Looking up in surprise, her eyes
widened as she saw the creature’s eyes glaring hatefully down at her as its great paw swiped
in, its claws gleaming in the flame. She didn’t have the time to react. There was nowhere she
could move to. She could only steel herself for the impact and prepare for the worst-case
scenarioA spear blasted through the forest at incredible speeds, once more sinking into one of the
unnatural eyes that lined around the lion’s neck. As the startled creature roared, Mash
immediately took the opportunity to regain her footing and back away from the beast’s wrath.
Meanwhile, Leonidas shot out of the woods and slammed his shield against the side of the
lion’s jaw before jumping off, his spear once again appearing in his hand.
“Be sure to vary your techniques, Mash Kyrielight,” the Spartan king admonished.
“Complacency breeds openings!”
Mash blinked, then nodded. “Understood, Leonidas!” she responded. There was much she
still had to learn and improve on, not just to match up to Ren-senpai, but also to ensure she
was capable of succeeding for the trials ahead. This Chimera and the lessons she received,
both direct and indirect, were simply more steps for her progress, no more and certainly no
less.
‘We saw that gout of flame from here,’ Ritsuka called out in concern. ‘What’s your status, you
two?’

‘Minor setback,’ Leonidas grunted. ‘We have been delayed slightly but are otherwise
unharmed and on track.’
‘… alright,’ the Master reluctantly accepted. ‘In that case, no change in the plan. Get that
thing’s ass over here.’
‘Roger that, Master,’ Mash panted out again. Taking a breath, she turned and began running
once more. This time, instead of pursuing her, the enraged Chimera was loping after
Leonidas, who had also taken off. The foliage around them was rapidly thinning, giving way
to solid rock and dirt. The forest broke ahead of them, revealing a sheer cliff on the other
side.
The Shielder peeled off, glancing behind her as she did so. The Chimera saw the cliff and
was rapidly slowing down despite its rage. They had accounted for that as well. There was
another flash of bronze and suddenly Leonidas was in front of it, his shield up as he jabbed
rapidly at the lion head. Each jab drew blood, and though the wounds were superficial, it was
enough to rekindle the creature’s rage and focus its attention on the Spartan king once more.
Meanwhile, Mash circled around. Sneaking up on the creature was impossible – she could
already see the snake head training its eyes on her, hissing malevolently while both the lion
and the goat head were focused on the Spartan king. But that wasn’t the objective. She
simply needed to get into position.
As the snake reared up, Mash tensed her legs, held her shield up – then shot forward with as
much speed and strength as she could muster. She could feel the stream of venom impacting
her shield and tilted it, allowing it to flow to the side without disrupting her momentum. A
split second later, she collided hard against the main body of the Chimera. The creature let
out a startled roar as it stumbled forward from the impact, almost collapsing on its front
paws.
The Chimera growled as it started getting back up, only to notice a moment too late that
Leonidas had retreated to gain some space, then similarly launched himself at it. Once again,
the impact forced it to stumble back. Both the Spartan king and the Shielder threw
themselves at the creature’s side, their combined strength pushing it closer and closer to the
edge. The beast in turn snarled, its claws leaving deep furrows in the rock below as it pushed
back.
Mash gritted her teeth as she threw her weight against the shield, her heels digging hard into
the ground. Noticing a shift in her peripheral vision, she could see the goat head and the
snake tail looming above and around them, respectively. The snake tail hissed and reared in
preparation while flames started emanating from the goat head’s maw – and at the current
range, they wouldn’t miss.
Her eyes widened as she redoubled her efforts. If they backed off now, the Chimera would
regain its momentum and escape their trap. No, she could only keep pushing. And it seemed
Leonidas was of the same mind as he pushed as well, jabbing at the forelegs to try and
destabilize it as he pushed. Even if they were bathed in poison and fire, they couldn’t relent.
Not now. They had to keep pushing, bit by bit, until it finally fell. Then before the Chimera
could blast them, two things happened at once.

‘Both of you back off, NOW!’
“LAAAAAA~!”
At Ritsuka’s mental shout, both Mash and Leonidas immediately jumped back just as a
magic-filled sonic wave crashed the cliff underneath the Chimera. The rock crumbled to
gravel instantly from the force, giving the creature literally no ground to stand on. With a
startled snarl, it did its best to clamber on with its forepaws, only for the rocks to give way to
strain and its weight, sending it falling with a loud roar.
‘We don’t have much time – how are you guys holding up?’
Mash and Leonidas looked up and quickly spotted the Master a distance away, watching
everything through a pair of binoculars. ‘We’re both fine, Master!’ the Shielder reported
confidently. ‘We’re in good condition!’
The redhead nodded. ‘Alright,’ she acknowledged. ‘In that case, next phase will go as
planned! Meet with Elizabeth. Box the Chimera in and give her a concert hall of her
dreams!’
‘It will be done,’ Leonidas stated. With a quick look and nod to Mash, they both jumped off
the cliff and down into the pit.
The pit was a large, rocky area. It was roughly oval in shape, like a hand of a titan had
scooped out the entire patch of land. White, almost luminescent stone lined the sheer cliff
faces of the pit, their beauty proving why this place had been a quarry once upon a time.
Rain, wind, and weather had long since worn down any presence of humanity, rendering it an
odd yet fascinating blend of both natural and artificial beauty.
Now, it was nothing more than yet another habitat of the Chimera. Pools of poison dotted the
rocky quarry grounds, both from past conquests and from the beast marking its territory. The
creature was struggling up from one as Elizabeth stood nearby, perched on top of a miniature
castle, its towers and keep replaced with gigantic speakers instead. She briefly glanced up at
Leonidas and Mash as she caught sight of them dropping down and scowled but otherwise
made no comment.
Mash and Leonidas landed, catching the attention of the Chimera who roared at rage at the
two. Ignoring the beast, they quickly maneuvered to either side of Elizabeth, gathering up
magical power as they did so. “True Name, Pseudo Register!” Mash cried. “Releasing all
limiters! Deploying Noble Phantasm!”
“Molon Labe!” Leonidas roared. “My friends, bring your souls hither!”
“Lord Chaldeas!”
“Thermopylae Enomotia!”
Mash’s shield flashed as a glowing barrier of light formed once more, radiating power and
protective energy. On the other side, ghostly figures of Spartan soldiers rushed forward

beside Leonidas and quickly piled into a defensive formation, their great round shields lining
up while spears defensively poked out. There was a blaze of flame and all that stood was a
great row of glowing shields, standing as firm and unyielding as the Shielder’s barrier in turn.
With the two of them, their barriers wrapped from the cliff around the Chimera, leaving only
an opening in front for it to immediately escape.
The creature looked about its new surroundings confusedly before turning its glare at the last
figure: Elizabeth, who stood at the sole opening between the Noble Phantasms with her own.
“This is no place for a concert,” she grumbled as she planted her lance in the ground. “But at
least I have an audience, boorish though it may be!”
She drifted down to perch on her lance as the Chimera roared in defiance and rage. “Now
here’s my last number, coming from my Bathory Erzebet!” She took a deep breath, then sang
a single note.
“LAAAAAAAAA~!!!”
The speakers blasted at full volume, magnifying the idol’s voice and sending a wave of sonic
destruction in the Chimera’s direction. The beast roared, the goat head spraying a cloud of
condensed poison fog at her while flames began building from the lion head. However, the
sonic wave blasted back the poison back towards the Chimera, not just the fog but the
puddles on the ground as well. Just too late the beast noticed as flames started emanating
from its maw.
A moment later, its roars were drowned out by great explosions as the poison vapor all
ignited, their force trapped by Mash’s and Leonidas’s barriers as well as Elizabeth’s amplified
voice with nowhere to go but up. Ritsuka shielded her face, having long since taken off her
depleted gas mask, and watched through squinted eyes at the operation.
‘Oi,’ Cu called over, keeping an eye on the entire plan some distance away. ‘Orion told us
lots of stress and danger without outright killing it might cause it to go nuts, and that’s
exactly what we’re doing right now. You know that, right?’
Ritsuka didn’t bother looking up, still looking through her binoculars to see what was
happening. ‘You got a better plan?’ she snapped. ‘We’re on the clock here and we’ve already
taken too long as is. If you have one, I’m all ears.’
The Lancer blinked in minor surprise, then chuckled in amusement. ‘Fair enough,’ he
admitted. ‘At least I’m in position here to clean up. Just need to keep an eye out here.’
Ritsuka nodded in response. She hadn’t meant to lash out like that, but at this point she was
exhausted and tired of this thing. It needed to die yesterday.
They watched the explosions for a bit, hemmed in by both Mash and Leonidas while
Elizabeth kept singing to her heart’s content. However, Cu’s frown deepened as it continued.
‘Nope, this ain’t gonna be enough,’ he growled as he stood up, his red spear appearing in his
hand as he expertly spun it in a blur of red. ‘I’m going in.’
Ritsuka glanced over as the man dove into the mess. The explosions had mostly died down,
leaving only Elizabeth’s singing left to contend with. Immediately, she connected to the idol.

‘Elizabeth, stop singing for now,’ she ordered. ‘Cu’s heading in to finish it off.’
‘Ugh, and I was just getting warmed up too,’ Elizabeth complained. Nevertheless, she
stopped singing, the destructive sound waves dying out. ‘You owe for this one too, squirrel!’
‘Yep, got it,’ the Master answered before bringing the binoculars to her eyes again. It was
difficult to see anything through the clouds of dust and rubble the explosions and Elizabeth’s
singing had kicked up but she had to nevertheless. Despite the mess, however, she could still
see the flicker of red from Cu’s spear and soon saw it glowing with magical energy. His voice
rang through the air as the name of his Noble Phantasm rang out.
‘Gae Bolg!’
Even from her distance, Ritsuka could hear the spear being jabbed into flesh, echoing with
the sound of magical power. It was impressive but she still flinched at hearing it. It still
wasn’t something she was used to. She was about to contact Cu and check on his and the
Chimera’s status when a low growl caught her ear. Was the beast still alive?
No. The growl seemed to be coming from around her. Was… was the ground quaking?
‘Guys, what the hell is happening down there?!’ she demanded as she held on to a tree to
stabilize herself.
Before anyone could answer, a red glow began rapidly brightening within the cloud of dust.
That was all the warning they had before it erupted in a sudden explosion of hellfire. Both Cu
and Elizabeth were flung back from the sheer force while Mash and Leonidas held firm, their
Noble Phantasms still active. The flames caught on the other pools of poison within the
quarry and set them off as well, consuming the entire pit in a conflagration.
Outside the pit, Ritsuka was forced to shield her face from the light and heat. With a cry of
surprise, she fell backward on her rear from the shockwave before covering her ears and
shutting her eyes from the thunderous clamor. The ground quaked underneath her harder than
ever, to the point where she believed it would open up and swallow her whole. But there
wasn’t much she could do for now except wait for it to end, one way or another. She just
hoped the others were safe.
After moments that felt like an eternity passed, it was over. The Master weakly opened her
eyes, coughing a bit to get the dust out of her throat and mouth. She staggered weakly up,
taking deep breaths. Her bones felt like water and her limbs felt incredibly heavy and sore.
Come to think of it, she had sustained multiple Noble Phantasms used at once. The fatigue
apparently hadn’t sunk in until now. Well, weakness or not, she needed to check on the
situation. Shambling over to the edge, she surveyed the environment as the dust settled – and
her eyes widened in shock.
The entire quarry had been cleaned out. Or more accurately, blasted out: the rubble and
poison had all been blown away, leaving only newly exposed white stone lining the cliff sides
and ground, almost beautifully bright in the sun. What few remnants of humanity that had
been left there – from rotten wooden scaffolding to forgotten mining tools – had disintegrated
from the explosions. New rubble had fallen, broken and crumbling from the shockwaves, but
their sharp edges and unweathered faces matched their new locale.

However, that all paled in comparison to the creature the Master saw now.
Where the Chimera once been was now a new being entirely: A great white lion, its fur
shimmering brightly in the afternoon light. Its misshapen sizing was gone – although it still
looked somewhat bulky, it looked far more like well-maintained musculature and groomed
fur. Two large goat horns, pure black in color, curved elegantly from the top of its head and
reached around its mane, almost resembling a crown of sorts. On its back were a pair of
grand wings, lined with white feathers. And instead of a tail or even a snake, there were now
two great serpents, their forked tongues calmly flickering out as they tasted the air.
If Ritsuka could only use one word to describe it, she would have to say it was ‘beautiful’. It
looked more like a sculpture or a work of art come to life. Was this how all legendary beings
felt like? This kind of beauty felt like it would be immortalized by anyone that might come
across it. That was, assuming anyone would survive the beast long enough to tell of it.
‘Status check,’ she mentally barked at the others as she slapped the communicator, bringing
up Artemis and Orion once more. Without prompting, she turned their images so they could
see the new creature. “The Chimera transformed into that. What the hell happened.”
The teddy bear squinted as he looked closely at the creature, then breathed out a heavy sigh.
“Oh, you guys are in for it now,” he muttered, putting a paw to his face. “You should’ve gone
the whole way in killing it, not just leaving any half measures. Nothing you can do now –
looks like it’s consolidating all the mystery it has developed and evolved. Most likely the hunt
and near-death experience was all that was needed.”
‘We’re alright, Master,’ Mash panted meanwhile through their mental link. ‘Leonidas and I
managed to hold our ground thanks to our Noble Phantasms. However, I don’t have a visual
on either Elizabeth or Cu Chulainn.’
Ritsuka nodded in acknowledgement of Mash’s report, feeling some relief she and Leonidas
were fine. “Well, that sounds absolutely great for us,” she hissed to Orion, unable to keep the
sarcasm out of her voice this time. “Any tips or advice on how to take it down at this point?!”
“Just do what hunters of old did,” Artemis spoke up. “Kill or be killed~ But do be more
careful – your vital signs took a rather sharp downturn. You must have exhausted yourself
greatly.”
The Master sighed. “Yep, aware of that,” she muttered. Now that she thought about it, she felt
rather light-headed and was alarmingly close to the edge of the pit. She stumbled backward,
or more accurately threw herself backward, to sit down and not tip over.
Roman’s head suddenly popped into view, his eyebrows furrowed in concern as he looked
over her readings. Artemis raised an eyebrow at his sudden presence but didn’t make a
comment. “Ritsuka, how many Noble Phantasms have been used so far?” he asked seriously.
The redhead’s temples pounded as she recounted. “Mash, once to protect us from an ambush
and once for the plan,” she muttered. “Then Leonidas and Elizabeth once each for the plan,
and once for Cu to try and finish off the Chimera. So, five total?”

Speaking of Elizabeth and Cu, where were they? ‘Cu, Elizabeth, talk to me,’ she ordered, a
murderous headache pounding away with each word.
The doctor’s eyes widened. “Five-!” he spouted. “No wonder why! You’re at serious risk of
running out of magical energy, Ritsuka! For your own good, unless you’re using your
command seals, your Servants are forbidden from using any more Noble Phantasms!”
Ritsuka breathed out a pained sigh. “Right, got it,” she grumbled. Roman had a point – she
stretched herself and the others far too much. Still, no Noble Phantasms unless she used a
command seal, and she had three of those. That limited her options a lot. At the very least,
something like her earlier plan wasn’t feasible anymore for a multitude of reasons.
Artemis smiled brightly. “And now it seems the true hunt begins!” she chirped with a bright
grin. “Your quarry is rather formidable, so I wish you the best of luck! May it be worthy of my
grace and might!” Before anyone could say anything further, the communication shut off,
leaving Ritsuka staring at the deactivated communicator.
The Master breathed an irritated sigh – and punched the ground in frustration. All that energy
spent, all that planning, and all they got out of it was an even stronger opponent. At least
when Ren or Morgana exhausted themselves to this point, they got results. That was why
they were so awesome. Whereas she…
No. Not the time. Beating herself up could wait until after they were done here, if they
survived this whole mess. She was about to contact the two one last time before sending the
others to find them – and retreat in the process – when a shrill voice burst into her head.
‘Ugh, how dare that creature make a flashier entrance than me!’
Ritsuka sighed in relief. ‘Elizabeth, good to hear from you,’ she breathed. ‘Are you alright?
Need any healing?’
The idol scoffed over their connection. ‘What I need right now is for this thing to be dead
already!’ she screeched. ‘It’s supposed to be dead after all that! No one asked for an encore
performance from this stupid beast!’
Despite the situation and her exhaustion, Ritsuka had to chuckle a bit. ‘Maybe it has talent as
an idol too,’ she joked, much to Elizabeth’s annoyance. ‘Rendezvous with Leonidas and
Mash. Have you seen Cu?’ As she spoke, she noticed the air growing noticeably hotter,
emanating from the pit. Sidling closer to the edge, she took out her binoculars to observe.
Both Leonidas and Mash seemed to be in stable condition as they had reported, though on
guard against the newly transformed Chimera. While the Shielder had dispelled her Noble
Phantasm, the wall of shields behind Leonidas had turned back into spectral Spartan soldiers
surrounding their king in formation. The air around the creature was hazy from the sheer heat
it seemed to be giving off despite not currently breathing any fire. As she adjusted her
binoculars, she noticed that mixed among the Chimera’s fur were white scales lining its body.
For now, the Chimera stepped forth with surprising calmness, surveying its prey.

Then it growled as it looked downward, lifting a forepaw to look underneath itself. Ritsuka
frowned, shifting a bit to get a better angle – and her eyes widened again. In the middle of its
chest was a thin yet deep wound that wept blood with every movement the Chimera made.
The growls from the creature grew louder, and it was clear to Ritsuka that it was a
considerable irritation and possible weakness for it.
‘Ugh, you’d think a damn stab to the heart would kill the thing!’ came a familiar voice, filled
with annoyance. ‘I’ve met boars less stubborn than this!’
Ritsuka breathed a small sigh of relief and smiled despite herself. ‘Good to hear from you
too, Cu,’ she replied earnestly. ‘Meet back at the quarry if you can, and we can figure out-‘
Before she could finish her sentence, the Chimera spread its wings. As it did so, the air
around it began glimmering with white sparkles and feathers. It was an entrancing sight,
almost angelic. Then it flapped the wings, sending the sparkles and feathers speeding toward
and past both Mash, Leonidas, and his Spartans. Dark red flames emitted from the creature’s
maw – and suddenly the air was scorched into an infernal explosion around them.
‘Mash! Leonidas!’ Ritsuka cried out.
The two Servants landed some distance away, separated from each other and smoking, while
the soldiers were scattered all over the place. ‘Minor injuries, Master,’ the Shielder panted. ‘I
managed to block the worst of it.’
‘Despite the chest wound, it would seem our quarry has gotten far stronger,’ Leonidas
mused. ‘A few of my soldiers have been destroyed as well. That said, it seems to be moving
rather conservatively thanks to its wound.’
“Well, that’s good to hear!”
That was the only sound they heard before a blur of blue rushed in. The Chimera growled at
the approaching intruder and sent more of white sparkles – its scales, Ritsuka could now see
– and exploded them around its vicinity. Cu Chulainn simply pole-vaulted over the
explosions, bearing an excited grin, and dove down spear first. The creature looked up at him
with a scornful gaze, then just as the spearpoint reached its flesh, it burst into flames.
Ritsuka shielded her eyes as the Chimera set itself ablaze, trying to compile as much of its
new tactics as she could in her head. ‘Cu, you alright?’ she asked in concern.
‘Ouch, yeow, hot, hot!’ the Irish Lancer yelped as he jumped away, hurriedly brushing off the
flames off jumpsuit. ‘Just one trick after another with this guy, huh?’
‘Seems like,’ Ritsuka agreed. If it could set itself ablaze, then that makes things even harder.
The Servants here were all melee specialists. They had a few ranged options, but nothing
consistent like an Archer Servant could provide. And considering the Chimera’s intelligence,
it would work around their options before long. They needed some way to deal with the heat
and flames before it could… before…

A fact unbidden sprang into her mind. Would that work? It was worth a try at least.
‘Elizabeth, where are you?’ she asked.
‘Almost there,’ the idol grunted. ‘You owe me leads for this, squirrel.’
‘Well aware,’ the Master agreed. ‘But I need another thing – can you check how close we are
to the sea?’
The surprise from Elizabeth was palpable. ‘You’re gonna dunk the Chimera into the water?’
she inquired.
‘Not gonna work,’ Cu Chulainn shot down as the Servants and the Chimera stood, staring one
another off. ‘Water isn’t gonna crap to its flames here – it’s more likely it’ll either pollute the
water with its poison and set it on fire, or just skip the middleman entirely and light it all up.’
‘… I was thinking more of a steam explosion,’ Ritsuka muttered, trying to hide her
embarrassment.
‘While a sound plan, this creature will not be affected by such a thing,’ Leonidas replied. ‘At
most it will be disorientated, but no more than that.’
Ritsuka cursed inwardly. Before she could decide on another tactic, the Chimera suddenly
rushed forward. Its great body bowled aside the scattered Spartan soldiers as it rushed at Cu
Chulainn. Mash and Leonidas moved in to intercept the beast, raising their shields. Its
forepaws collided with them, stopping it in its tracks. Cu Chulainn smirked. “Nice!” he
cheered as he rushed in, jumping between the two and aiming his spear at its neckThen Leonidas stumbled forward as the Chimera suddenly withdrew its paw to cover its
wound. The creature’s maw lit up with flame, and everything underneath it exploded in a
conflagration. Mash and the Spartan king shouted in surprise as they were forced back, but
the worst was Cu, had taken the blast full on and was hurtling through the air.
With the explosion, the Chimera had been lifted clear into the air. Spreading its wings, it
hovered effortlessly as it surveyed the Servants. To it, the heat signatures and magical auras
of its prey were clear as daylight. They were all threats, the blue one particularly, but nothing
compared to it. However, there were trails of energy leaking off all of them. And they all
seem to be leading and converging to one location. Its cruel eyes followed the threads of
energy, tracing where they all led to. Then it suddenly turned aroundAnd Ritsuka found herself paralyzed with fear as it saw its glowing red eyes bearing down
directly on her. As the creature roared, she raised her hand with the command seals etched on,
but there was no time. She could see the flames emanating from its maw as it flew towards
her. The shocked cries of the Servants barely reached her ears as her mind raced. She
wouldn’t be able to make the command in time. All she could do was wait as her doom
soared straight for her“LAAAAAA~!!”

A sonic wave burst in from above and slammed against the Chimera, who roared in pain and
surprise as it assaulted its sensitive ears, forcing it to land hard. Elizabeth swooped in a
moment later, her lance at the ready. “How dare you interfere with my concert planning!” she
shrieked in outrage. Flipping in the air, her tail suddenly expanded and slammed on the
creature’s head, enraging even further as it snarled in reply.
Meanwhile, taking advantage of the opportunity, Ritsuka got up and ran. She gasped as pain
arced through her already drained body but pushed through her exhaustion and fatigue,
nevertheless. Anything to change her positioning and lose the beast. She didn’t bother
looking up or stopping until she could literally run no further, collapsing on her knees and
retching as she gasped for air. Her heart and lungs felt like they were going to explode any
moment and her limbs refused to move any further. The roars of the Chimera clutched her
heart in an icy grip of fear, but they sounded distant. Or was that just her exhaustion?
‘Oi, we’re dealing with the Chimera!’ Cu Chulainn called out. ‘Seems it’s lost track of you.
You’re not pushing yourself too hard, are you?’
Ritsuka forced a grin despite her exhaustion. ‘Compared to how hard you guys are working,
this is nothing,’ she brushed off, wiping sweat from her brow. Her smile soon faded as she sat
down and reconsidering her plans. The longer this battle dragged on, the worse the situation
would get. There was no hope for a clean, decisive win now, not with her and everyone else
exhausted like this and their opponent relatively fresh. It would be a battle of attrition now.
But they were still in its home territory – any such battle would be to its advantage.
The Master weakly glanced back up at the forest. For a moment, the foliage and trees were all
in flames in her eyes, like the forest after lobbing countless molotovs within. The acrid
smoke and heat were suffocating, her eyes stinging both from the brightness and the smoke.
A hell of her own making, one that she and the others created in desperation to escape. Then
she blinked, and it was normal again. Massaging her eyes, she sighed quietly. She was
definitely getting exhausted byWait. Its home territory was its greatest advantage. If they could deprive it of that, then they
might be able to turn the tables. But the only way to do so…
Her hands tightened into fists. This wasn’t the way Ren or Morgana would do it, sure, but she
wasn’t them. She was Ritsuka Fujimaru. She would survive no matter what and eke out a win
even if it was an ugly one if it came to it. They’d understand. Or maybe they wouldn’t. But
right now, none of that mattered.
‘Everyone, prepare to fall back,’ she ordered, garnering the surprise of everyone. ‘We’re
retreating to the beach and making a stand there.’
‘Are we proceeding with utilizing the sea?’ Leonidas inquired.
‘Nope,’ the redhead denied shortly. ‘Cu, I got a special job for you.’
In the distance, the Irish Lancer frowned. ‘I’m not gonna like this, am I,’ he bluntly asked..
‘Almost as much as I don’t,’ Ritsuka agreed grimly. ‘Here’s what I want you to do.’

----------Mash panted as she ran through the forest again, making for the beach. Once again, Elizabeth
had managed to locate the shoreline – which was some distance away – and they quickly
charted a course. Checking behind her, there appeared to be no sign of the Chimera following
them, be it through the forest or through the air. With that, she charged onward, with
Leonidas and a large portion of the Spartan soldiers keeping pace. Twenty of them had been
left behind to distract the beast, though who knew how long they’d last.
“Anything, Mash?”
The Shielder looked down at Ritsuka, who was being carried in her arms, and shook her
head. “No sign of the Chimera yet, Master,” she reported. “I did see some smoke rising in the
distance though. Most likely Cu’s work.”
The Master nodded. While normally she’d be ecstatic about being carried by Mash, it was the
furthest thing from her mind right now. “Good,” she replied. “It’s gonna get ugly soon, so
prepare for the next step once we get to the beach.” Her body felt almost completely
unresponsive after all she had pushed herself through, necessitating Mash carrying her. Once
more, she could only curse her own weakness, but that would come later.
Elizabeth had gone on ahead to scout out a path for them to the beach, making sure there
weren’t any threats or hazards they might come across both on the way and where they made
their stand. She had roundly complained about ruining such a good concert location but had
gone through with Ritsuka’s commands nevertheless. She had managed to find a good
location on the beach, which surprisingly was mostly untouched by the Chimera. Perhaps it
didn’t often wander close to the sea.
‘How’s progress, Cu?’ the redhead asked, mentally reaching out.
A sigh of exhaustion was her reply. ‘You’re a real slave driver, you know that?’ he grumbled.
‘I’ve already set several locations on fire, helped by the damn thing leaving more pools of
poison to set off. I’m gonna drop by the caves soon. You sure you need me to collapse those
too? I don’t think it’d fit anyway.’
Ritsuka nodded. They needed to take away any and all home advantages the Chimera might
have. Even if it meant destroying literally everything on the island. ‘Better safe than sorry,’
Ritsuka answered simply. ‘Thanks for doing this. Just play it safe for now and don’t engage if
you don’t have to.’
‘Yeah, yeah,’ Cu muttered. ‘Not gonna lie, was hoping for a real fun hunt, not all this.’
‘We’ll have one later on,’ the Master replied impatiently. ‘But right now, this thing has gone
from just a regular creature to a flat-out menace. It needs to go.’
There was a sensation of surprise from the Lancer before a chuckle came through. ‘Can’t
disagree there,’ he acknowledged. ‘Give me a couple more minutes and I’ll have this island
wrecked. Until then, you stay safe, Master.’

The Master breathed a small sigh of exhaustion and relief. ‘I’ll do my best,’ she accepted.
‘Thanks again, Cu.’
“Master, we’ve arrived,” Leonidas announced.
Ritsuka looked up. The forest broke way to the beach once more. The white sands shone
brightly in the afternoon sun, untainted by the violence of the Chimera or its conflicts.
Beyond the shores, the sea glimmered uncaring like jewels, the bright blue waters gently
lapping up against the beach. The entire expanse was open, allowing for clear vision for miles
in either direction.
Elizabeth awaited them on the beach. She had her spear embedded in the sand and was
perched on top of it, keeping a lookout. As they approached, she scowled. “This is the most
harebrained scheme of yours yet, squirrel,” she growled. “You have no idea what you’re
doing, do you?”
The Master smiled humorlessly from Mash’s arms. “Nope,” she readily admitted. “So I’m
relying on you guys to make sure it all works out. Continue keeping an eye out, if you could.
Mash, Leonidas, we’re setting up a defensive position by the water.”
The idol huffed as she resumed her sentry duties as the other two moved to follow her orders.
Settling next to the water, Leonidas had the remaining Spartan soldiers settle into a phalanx
formation. Ritsuka was in the center as Mash gently set her down on the sands, looking at her
in concern. “Are you alright, Master?” she asked worriedly.
Ritsuka forced an uneasy smile, one that tremored with effort. “Eh, I’ve been better,” she
replied with a lightness she didn’t feel. “Got some jerky and water?”
The Shielder blinked in surprise at the question, then dug behind her shield, quickly
retrieving the items and handing them over. “Thanks, Mashumallow,” she replied softly.
Unscrewing the cap, she took a swig of water, feeling the cool liquid wash over her parched
mouth and throat, before tearing open the packaging of the jerky and taking a bite. While she
wasn’t hungry, she forced herself to eat regardless, if only to distract herself. The seasoned
meat tasted cloying in her mouth, and swallowing was an even harder task.
For now, there was nothing more they could do. Everyone held their positions: Leonidas and
his Spartans in formation, Elizabeth keeping watch, Mash staying close to Ritsuka and
guarding her, and finally Ritsuka herself sitting in the center of the formation in the sand,
silent and resting while occasionally receiving reports from Cu about his progress.
Occasionally, the enraged roars of the Chimera echoed through the air, causing everyone to
tense up momentarily before settling back into a watchful peace.
Soon, the skies were blotted out by thick smoke as fire spread throughout the island. Then a
deep, loud rumble echoed over the forest, with a quake rattling the ground beneath them. All
the while, the enraged roars of the Chimera became more and more frequent. Leonidas’s grip
on his spear tightened and Mash looked up anxiously, yet Ritsuka simply continued sitting,
impassively staring into the forest which was slowly being lit ablaze.

“Okay, Squirrel, what the hell are you planning?!” Elizabeth finally snapped, whirling on the
Master. “You’re just having us camp here like a fat deer waiting for wolves, while the blue
Lancer is running around like a madman destroying what was going to be a good concert
ground! What gives?!”
Ritsuka’s eyes flicked up at the frustrated idol before staring back at the forest. “We’re
looking to flush the Chimera out,” she stated. “By destroying its home, we’re going to
remove any of its home field advantages and traps it may set up. If we can’t have a favorable
battleground, then at the very least we can prevent it from having one in turn.”
“Forcing it into the open in of itself is not a bad strategy,” Leonidas commented. “But it will
take more than that to defeat a beast of that caliber.”
“Agreed,” the Master replied. “You can hear its roars though, right? It’s not taking the fact
that its home is being destroyed well. Chances are good it’s probably tiring itself trying to
find and stop the cause or preserve its territory. Either it’ll be forced to confront us, or we can
march in while it’s exhausted and pick it off. For now, we just wait here and preserve our
energy.”
The Spartan king glanced over in mild surprise. “A rather ruthless strategy,” he remarked.
“But whether it is effective remains to be seen.”
Ritsuka said nothing. Her usual emotions and elation had been burned away from fatigue and
concentration, leaving her feeling both light yet empty. Was this going too far? A possibility,
but at least the collateral damage didn’t include innocent lives or fauna. This was the lair of a
dangerous creature, so it made sense to destroy it.
Artemis was right. It really was kill or be killed.
‘SHIT!’
The sudden curse from Cu Chulainn startled Ritsuka, who immediately looked up and
surprised Mash. ‘Report,’ she demanded. ‘What’s going on?’
‘The big guy found me,’ the Lancer reported, his voice strained as he was obviously fighting.
‘And he’s pissed. Don’t think he’s happy we’re wrecking his home!’
‘Can you lead it towards us?’ the Master quickly asked, standing up and drawing the
attention of the other Servants.
‘Doing my best, but I got my hands full!’ Cu replied. ‘This thing really isn’t letting me go this
time!’
Ritsuka frowned as she quickly considered. ‘What’s your location?’ she inquired.
‘Around northwest of the island,’ the Lancer quickly replied. ‘Some distance away – fuck,
that was close. You sending backup?’
Ritsuka nodded. ‘I’ll send someone your way,’ she confirmed. ‘Both of you lure the Chimera
here. We’ll work together to finish it off.’ Cutting off the communication, she looked between

Elizabeth and Mash, then made her decision. “Mash, Cu is to the northwest and being
attacked by the Chimera. Can you back him up?”
Mash’s eyes widened. “But what about you, Master?” she asked.
“I have Leonidas and his Spartans here,” the Master justified. “And Elizabeth is keeping a
lookout and can keep the poison away from us. I’ll be fine. Plus, I have a last contingency.”
The Shielder’s mouth opened slightly to ask, then her eyes widened in understanding. Taking
a breath, she nodded. “Alright,” she acknowledged. “Moving out to reinforce Cu Chulainn!”
Ritsuka nodded. She, Leonidas, and Elizabeth watched Mash dash off, shield in hand, to back
up the Irish Lancer. “You have a lot of faith in her,” the Spartan king noted.
“Always do,” the redhead replied promptly, crossing her arms. “She’s already awesome and
only going to grow from there, thanks to Ren. With her and Cu, they’ll definitely give that
beast the runaround.”
Elizabeth snorted. “At least you know when to pass the spotlight, squirrel,” she grumbled
before turning again to keep a lookout.
The Master smiled humorlessly. Not like I ever had it in the first place, she thought to herself.
The flames became louder and louder as they grew, gradually turning from faint crackles into
a constant roar. The air resounded with trees and wood popping and cracking as they were
consumed, sending black smoke billowing into the air. Distant sounds became difficult to
pick out as the roar of the flames muffled everything, while the murk of the smoke and the
brightness of the conflagration made it difficult to see. With a small gesture, Leonidas and his
Spartans moved up a bit to give more of a buffer distance for Ritsuka, who continued to stare
impassively into the burning forest.
‘Status?’ Ritsuka called. There was no reply, which had her frowning in concern. ‘Mash?
Cu? What’s going on?’ she asked again.
Eventually, she could hear grunting, then Mash’s voice came through. ‘The Chimera broke
past me and Cu Chulainn!’ she cried. ‘It’s heading straight for you and the others, Master!’
The redhead’s eyes widened, then she nodded. “Guys, heads u-!”
Before she could finish her sentence, the Chimera burst forth from the blazing forest in an
explosive report, shattering trees and sending sparks and embers flying as it lunged at them,
its mouth agape in a vicious snarl. One of the Spartans grabbed Ritsuka and threw her back
into the surf just as the creature landed among them, sending the front row flying.
“SPARTANS!” Leonidas roared. The soldiers quickly formed up, their shields in front as they
stabbed the Chimera, each spear drawing blood as they sank into the creature’s flesh. The
beast roared in pain as it unfurled its wings, scattering scales everywhere. A moment later,
the air all around it exploded, sending Leonidas and his soldiers flying every which way as
more of the latter dissipated back into magical energy.

“Hey, don’t you dare ignore me!” Elizabeth shrieked as she dove toward the Chimera from
behind. The two snake tails hissed angrily as she approached, rearing up. One of them began
spraying a toxic mist as the other one breathed a jet of dark red flame, immediately bathing
the area behind the beast in an inferno. The idol could only squeak in surprise before she was
consumed by the flames, forced to back off with her dress smoldering and burning.
Finally, the Chimera turned and rested its hateful eyes on Ritsuka as she slowly stood up,
spitting out seawater and brushing her soaked hair from her face. The beast snarled as the
Master met its gaze. She could feel her muscles and bones turn to jelly, yet for some reason
her mind felt clear and resolute. This beast, this thing was going to kill her here. At least, it
would certainly try. But this wasn’t where she would die. No, she refused.
She would not die here.
As the Chimera pounced with a deafening roar, Ritsuka lifted her hand as her command seals
began glowing. “By my command seal,” she intoned. “Mash Kyrielight, come to my aid and
defend me!” The seals brightened and there was a bright red flash – and suddenly, the
Shielder was in front of her once more. The Chimera’s claws scraped harshly against her
shield as Mash pushed against its wrath. With a roar, her heels sank into the sand as she held
her ground as much as she could.
But the Master wasn’t done. “By my command seal,” she intoned as her seals began glowing
again. “Cu Chulainn, use your Noble Phantasm and eliminate the Chimera!”
Her command seals flashed brightly. A moment later, a blur of blue shot forth from the
burning forest like lightning and rapidly approached the Chimera. As it did, a bright red glow
emanated from the Lancer’s spear. Both beast and Master only saw the barest hint of a feral
grin on Cu Chulainn’s face before his red lance glowed even brighter, filled with magical
power. Then the spear became a streak of crimson light, seemingly bending in space and time
– a sign of unstoppable death.
“Gae Bolg!”
Ritsuka watched with fascination. The rubble earlier had blocked her view, but now she can
view the Noble Phantasm’s power in its entirety. It punched through the creature’s hide and
between its ribs, reaching all the way through flesh and sinew to its heart. No, that wasn’t
correct. It felt as though reality itself had yielded to one simple yet undeniable fact: The
Chimera’s heart was pierced by the spear.
And so it was. For a moment, the world was silent as reality caught up. The Gae Bolg,
wielded by Cu Chulainn, had pierced through the Chimera’s scales and punctured its heart for
the second time. The Irish Lancer withdrew the lance, the barbs on the head tearing at its
flesh and causing more blood to gush out. Its dark lifeblood steamed as it rushed out and
splattered the sand before, hissing as it hit the tide. For a moment, the Chimera was still,
swaying on its legs.
Then the beast suddenly roared. The sound was deafening, forcing Ritsuka to cover her ears
as she cried in pain while Mash immediately moved to protect her. Cu Chulainn’s eyes
widened as he immediately leaped in, spear at the ready – and suddenly the Chimera whirled

around with a snarl, swiping with its paws far faster than any of them had seen. Its claws
raked his chest as he was knocked back, skidding along the sand and vanished into the
burning forest.
Leonidas and Elizabeth quickly charged in as well, their weapons at the ready. The snakes
hissed in pure wrath as they began spitting globs of poison everywhere, fountaining up and
splattering on the formerly pristine sands and waters – and preventing both of them from
approaching easily. The Spartan king tried to push onward, the snakes breathed out a
combination of poison and flame, forcing him back as he shielded himself.
Ritsuka scowled. She raised her hand once more as her last seal began glowing. “By my
command seal-“ she intoned – only for the Chimera to roar again in response. It unfurled its
wings, creating a blast of heat that turned the seawater immediately around it to steam as
more of its scales and feathers scattered into the air. Mash gritted her teeth, holding her
ground from both the blasts of heat and steamAnd suddenly she was hoisted into the air as the Chimera clamped its jaws around the top of
her shield, then flung her like a ragdoll over the sea. The Shielder cried in surprise, quickly
correcting herself in midair and tried to desperately leap back, but there was a considerable
amount of distance to cover.
The Master could barely breathe. The Chimera was only a few feet away and it had turned its
full attention on her. Whether it was the heat, the steam, or the sheer terror she felt gripping at
her throat, she didn’t know. The command seal still glowed in her hand, waiting for her
orders, but there wasn’t a point now. She would be obliterated before she could utter a single
word. Was this it? After everything, after all she had done, was she going to just die to some
monster like this?
Her hand clenched into a fist as flames started building up in its maw. She just needed to
escape. Even if it’s for a few seconds – no, even just one – that would buy enough time for
one of the Servants to reach her. But which direction? Considering the flames and explosion,
there was only one decent direction. Still, that wouldn’t be enough. Unless…
Raising her arms to cover her face, she leaped back while accessing her command seal. There
wasn’t enough time to summon a Servant, but there was enough time to reinforce her mystic
code uniform. Her clothes began glowing as they were fueled by the seal’s power as she
braced herself for the shock of explosion while the Chimera breathed a gout of flame. Her
muscles tensed in preparation andPain.
Ritsuka gritted her teeth as the fire wrapped around her. Her forearms especially felt like red
hot metal was being pressed against them. Her eyes squeezed shut as she tried to withstand
the torment. Did the flames burn through the sleeves of her uniform? She couldn’t tell. But
regardless of the torturous agony she felt, she knew the worst was yet to come. Tensing her
muscles, she prepared herself for the thunder and shockwave of the explosion. Once she
withstood it, her Servants would be able to take over once more. It was just one more thing
she had to endure-

Then she found herself falling backward into the surf. The seawater washed up against the
burns, causing her to hiss and almost scream from the mere contact. Tentatively opening her
eyes and lowering her arms, she saw the Chimera. It was still glaring at her, but its eyes were
dim as it stood unsteadily, blood streaming out of the stab wounds to the heart and darkening
the water below.
As the Master struggled back up, the beast prepared to breathe fire again, just as Mash landed
back in front of Ritsuka with her shield raised. The Chimera opened its maw – only for a
stream of blood to pour out of its mouth instead. It gave one last hate-filled glare at both
Mash and the Master with its dimming eyes, then ponderously tipped over. It crashed into the
surf, splashing the two, gave one last rattling breath, then finally was still.
The only sounds now were of the burning forest and the waves of the unconcerned sea.
Ritsuka and Mash warily stared at its motionless body for a moment. “M-Mash,” the redhead
panted out through her pain. “Check the Chimera. M-Make sure it’s dead.”
Mash turned around and her eyes widened at the state of her arms. The sleeves of the
Master’s uniform had completely burned away, revealing her heavily scorched arms and
undersides of her hands. “Master, we need to treat you immediately!” she exclaimed in alarm.
“I have a few healing scrolls for this situation, if you could let me-“
The redhead shook her head, forcing a smile. “We don’t need that th-thing getting up and
ambushing us again,” she declined. “It’s stubborn a-as hell. I’ll take the healing later, just…
just make sure we’re in the cl-clear, okay, Mashumallow?”
The Shielder stared at Ritsuka who easily met her gaze despite the pain. Finally, she
hesitantly nodded. “Very well,” she relented. “I won’t take long, Master. Please sit at the
beach and await medical attention. Keep your arms away from the sand and water to
minimize infection or complications.”
“Yes ma’am,” the Master replied with a grin. Despite the agony, she felt a gigantic weight lift
off her shoulders. As Mash turned to survey the body, Ritsuka waded back toward the beach,
making sure to keep her arms away from the water and wet clothes. A gentle breeze swept
through, causing her to wince as they brushed up against her burns and sending tendrils of
pain through her body.
Looking up, she saw Elizabeth singing to clear the remaining poison off the beach as
Leonidas walked toward her. The Spartan king looked down at her arms and nodded.
“Wounds of battle,” he noted. “You’ve shown great valor today, Master.”
Ritsuka grinned. “Heh, well I learned valor can certainly be exhausting – and painful,” she
joked. Her head was spinning. Was that the effect of the adrenaline wearing off? “I have
Mash making sure the body’s dead. You mind backing her up just in case? I’m just… gonna
take a seat, if it’s all the same to you.”
Leonidas nodded. “Of course,” he agreed. “Rest – you have earned it, Master.” He walked
past Ritsuka toward the Chimera. Meanwhile, the redhead faintly noticed a tree trunk that had

washed ashore, shambled toward it, and sat down with a huff as exhaustion washed over her.
Did she already finish all her water earlier? She’d have to ask Mash for more later.
In the meantime, she slowly lifted her communicator and pressed the button. The image of
Artemis and Orion flickered on. “Hey guys,” she greeted tiredly. “Hunt’s done. W-we got it.”
Artemis beamed. “Indeed!” she chirped. “We saw its vital signs flatline! That was an
excellent hunt! We’ll prep the body and everyone back to Chaldea shortly. For now, do enjoy
basking in my blessing, for you have earned it!” Ritsuka again forced a grin, doing her
utmost to hide her exasperation and frustration. Pissing off a goddess after a hunt like this
would be an incredibly dumb way to go out.
“You, uh, looked like you had a rough time of it though,” Orion noted, looking past Ritsuka’s
shoulder at the still burning forest behind her.
Ritsuka followed his gaze, then laughed awkwardly in response. “I-it was a bit tricky, yeah,”
she admitted. “But we managed to g-get it done. Not up to going again anytime soon,
though.”
Orion chuckled. “Well, when it comes to hunts, you either love ‘em or hate ‘em,” he replied
with a grin. “Me and Artemis just happen to love ‘em. But we can talk more about that later.
For now, like Artemis said, good job, kid. We’ll see you back here!”
The Master nodded as the screen flickered back out, then sat back with a long sigh.
“Long day, huh?”
“Yep,” Ritsuka agreed without bothering to look up. “I’d ask if you’re doing alright, Cu, but
honestly, I’ve seen cockroaches less sturdy than you.”
“And I was gonna ask if you’re alright,” the Irish Lancer retorted. “But if you can mouth off
that much then that answers my question just fine.”
“Screw you,” the redhead deadpanned.
There was a moment of silence, then both of them burst out chuckling. “You’re gonna get
that healed up?” he asked, nodding at her burns.
Ritsuka shrugged. Now that everything had passed, they were definitely starting to sting,
especially with the remaining seawater on it. “I asked Mash to ch-check on the Chimera
first,” she replied. “Just… once she’s done, she’ll heal. Just g-gotta be patient.”
Cu raised an eyebrow, then shrugged. “If you say so,” he replied. “Want me to dull the pain at
least?”
The Master blinked a few times, then nodded. “If you could,” she answered.
The Irish Lancer leaned over and drew a quick pattern right above her forearms. A glowing
glyph appeared as he drew, which then flashed and vanished. Ritsuka breathed a sigh of relief
as the pain faded into a dull ache. “Thanks, Cu,” she said.

“Anytime,” he replied with a grin before looking back over the sea.
The Master let out a breath as she watched the other Servants work. The hunt had been rough
from start to finish. She had made a lot of mistakes and bad calls here. They had succeeded,
but it felt more a product of sheer luck than anything she did. There was a lot she needed to
learn and more to reflect on. This wouldn’t be close to enough for the future. She needed to
do better.
And yet, for some reason, she felt far lighter than during the Roman singularity, and it wasn’t
because she felt rather woozy and lightheaded. Victory here certainly wasn’t as clean-cut as it
had been during the singularity, so why did she feel like that? What was the difference here?
She idly looked up at Cu, who had been looking over the sea in mild curiosity (if she had to
guess, probably wondering what he could fish up), then at Elizabeth, who was loudly
complaining about how the beach was ruined, then to Mash and Leonidas who were
discussing by the Chimera.
Then the memory of her holding Astolfo as he faded away flashed in her mind and she
realized. No one died. Wounded, perhaps, but they were all alive and they could fight another
day. It wasn’t the cleanest of victories considering the collateral damage but at the end of the
day, they had achieved their objective and no one died.
And for now, as she watched Mash march up towards her, taking a small scroll out of her
shield, that would be enough.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 113: Bake-Kujira, Pt. 1
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

Hunting a whale takes much preparation. A yokai whale, even more so.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The cove was tranquil. The rocky coast expanded from shore to shore without end, the gravel
and stone worn smooth from the ocean tides. It stretched a far distance before finally
reaching the distant plains beyond, dotted only by a few trees and foliage. In the distance was
a single large hill rising over the coast, with a large wooden tower that served as a lighthouse
once upon a time. The heavens were clear and cloudless, revealing the stars above and with
the full moon gleaming like a brilliant golden coin in the sky.
The surrounding natural beauty contrasted with the fishing village. The waves quietly
splashed up against dilapidated wooden buildings, many of the rotten timbers broken and
collapsing. Rusted spears, moss-covered fishing rods, and torn nets lay against the walls, long
since neglected. Small docks jutted into the waters, some of them in disrepair and sank below
the tides, while others stayed, dark with moss and rot. Small, wooden fishing ships either
were tied to them with fraying ropes or lay scuttled on the shore, many of them falling apart
from neglect and disuse. And yet…
“This little village is rather quaint, non?” Marie commented, looking over the run-down
buildings in curiosity. “There’s a certain charm to it that makes me… nostalgic? Is that the
word for it?”
Ren chuckled as he stretched. “I don’t think you’ve ever visited this village to be nostalgic
over it,” he pointed out. “But I get what you mean. It does have that feeling.” The
architecture of the buildings reminded him of those old villages he saw in TV shows, though
maybe less run down. The rustic locale certainly put him more at ease than he expected. The
salty air was surprisingly refreshing as well. Maybe once he got back to Japan, he should find
a similar locale just to explore.
“Such villages were common during my time,” Tamamo noted, looking about with only
minor interest. “They weren’t my favorite though – once you’ve seen one you’ve seen them
all. Such people are only focused on survival, after all, and there’s only so much they can do
before they all follow the same patterns.”
“Well, those living their lives day to day often tend to be boring,” Loki drawled with a shrug.
“Far more entertaining to meddle with those who have far more to their possession – and far

more to lose, wouldn’t you say, Caster?”
The fox miko shot a glare at the Avenger, who simply grinned wider at her frustration. “This
is not the time for your impetuousness, Avenger,” she snapped. “You best realize I am
keeping an eye on you.”
“I’m not hearing a denial,” the trickster god pointed out easily. Tamamo simply clicked her
tongue and turned away, the swishing of her tail indicating her frustration and annoyance.
Ren had to hold back a tired sigh. This was going to be a fun hunt. In the meantime, he
tapped his communicator, displaying the holograms of Artemis and Orion. “We’re on site,”
the Phantom Thief reported. “Looks like we’re at a fishing village of sorts. I’m guessing the
Bake-Kujira is off the coast from here?”
“Right in one,” Artemis confirmed cheerfully. “The village you’re in was known for its
fishermen, particularly whalers. The Bake-Kujira and local yokai killed or terrified away the
inhabitants, so this is all that’s left. It’s a good staging location for your hunt, provided you
know what to look for.”
“Hunting aquatic species isn’t my usual thing,” Orion admitted, his paws crossed in
consideration. “It’s definitely a different pace than hunting on any kind of land, be it forest,
mountain, or desert. If you want my take on it, I’d say treat it like fishing. Really, really big
fishing.”
“Really big fishing, huh?” Ren echoed with an amused grin. “Good to hear. Anything we
should know about the Bake-Kujira in particular?”
“As you’re aware, the Bake-Kujira is created by the hatred and grudges of the whales that
have been killed in the past,” Artemis supplied. “A creature driven by such wrath can be both
predictable and not at the same time. I say be prepared for even the best-case scenario to
turn on you, or find unexpected opportunities in the most impossible of times.”
“So same as always then,” the Phantom Thief joked. “Alright. We’ll make our preparations
and let you know when we’re ready to set out. Thanks a lot, guys!” With that, the screen
winked out as he breathed out a sigh as he began pondering what was the first step here.
“That was distinctly unhelpful,” Tamamo sniffed.
Ren glanced over and shrugged. “Gods,” he replied as if that explained everything. The
Caster glanced off to the side with a scoff but otherwise made no comment. “But anyway, the
Bake-Kujira is out at sea. We’re gonna need a boat in order to reach it. Let’s find one first and
get things ready.”
Tamamo frowned. “It would be a trivial matter to simply walk on water,” she pointed out.
“The mystery is easy enough to cast for us.”
“No doubt,” the Phantom Thief acknowledged. “But the ocean’s pretty big. We’re gonna
need bait to lure it in – and in this case, what better than a fishing boat? The same thing that
hunted it down in the past?”

Loki blinked several times, then burst out laughing. “Oh, that’s just cruel!” they laughed.
“That’s one devious idea you have there, Ren. I approve!”
“Thought you’d like that,” Ren remarked with a grin. “So, let’s see if we can find a fishing
boat here and get things underway.”
With that, they began walking through the village, the gravel crunching softly underneath
their steps. As they approached, the smell and sounds of the ocean became stronger – and
accompanied by a strong odor of rot, enough for Tamamo to wrinkle her nose in disgust and
Marie to pinch her nose. “Mon dieu!” the queen gasped. “I do hope most fishing villages
don’t smell quite so horrid!”
“They normally do not,” the miko replied as she drew a talisman out from her sleeve.
Muttering a quick incantation, she threw it into the air and it burst, creating a bubble around
the group that filtered out the horrid odor. “I only smell the rot of fish and not humans,
however – likely from the catches that were left behind. At least, in this part of the village.”
Marie nodded slowly in understanding. “Well at the very least, we are very glad for your
company,” she complimented with a smile. “Having to work on our preparations alongside
such an odeur would be tedious to the extreme!”
Tamamo flashed a smile in return. “It is nothing,” she lightly dismissed, raising a hand so her
sleeve hid her lips. “But I thank you for your comments. A modicum of pleasant company at
least shall make our work less troublesome in turn.” The Rider smiled happily in turn at the
compliment.
Meanwhile, Ren noticed Joan was just staring impassively at the village. Despite the
conversations around her, she hadn’t spoken a word the entire time. ‘Joan?’ he asked gently
though their connected thoughts. ‘Something on your mind?’
The Lancer started a bit at being addressed suddenly, her thoughts a jumble as she worked up
how to respond to him, then she sighed aridly before running a hand through her hair. ‘Just…
thinking about the village and the Bake-Kujira,’ she admitted with a grumble. ‘It’s nothing
special.’
‘What about?’ Ren prodded. “Were you thinking how you were similar to it or something?’
Joan’s eyes widened, then narrowed into a glare. ‘Nothing gets past you, huh,’ she muttered
ill-temperedly.
The Phantom Thief smiled apologetically with a shrug. Loki glanced over with a raised
eyebrow but for now, he ignored them. ‘It was the first thing I thought too, to be honest,’ he
confessed. ‘How do you feel about it?’
She sighed. ‘Does it matter?’ the Lancer growled. ‘We’re tasked to kill it, so we’ll kill it. It’s
an unnatural creature born from wrath and vengeance, and already it caused destruction.
Maybe not as widespread, but it still did its damage.’ She knocked on one of the small houses
nearby for emphasis. Underneath her knuckle, the timber felt soft to the touch, like it would
yield if she put even a tiny bit more force into it.

‘If circumstances had been different or more straightforward,’ she stated. ‘Then I would’ve
also been killed too. Don’t try to pretend otherwise, Ren Amamiya. I know damn well that
should be what happened, instead of… all this.’
Ren didn’t even flinch as he looked over at the former doppelganger. ‘You’re right, we would
have,’ he agreed. Maybe he and Morgana would’ve hesitated in landing the killing blow, but
if they had a clear shot to Orleans back then, Joan would have perished as nothing more than
a twisted doppelganger of Jeanne. ‘But that didn’t happen, nor are we going to something
similar here.’
Joan scoffed lightly. ‘Yeah, even you wouldn’t be that distasteful,’ she muttered before
looking away at the ruined village. ‘It’s just something I’m thinking about. I’m not gonna pull
my punches here because we’re similar or anything.’ A bitter smile creased her face. ‘If
anything, considering its existence, I’d say we’re only putting it out of its misery.’
The Phantom Thief didn’t reply as the Lancer fell silent. Instead, all he could do was breathe
a quiet sigh through his nose. Walking on a metaphorical tightrope was something he was
more than used to, but rarely did it get easier.
The wood on the docks was dark and slick with moss, algae, and slime. Ren had to step
carefully to avoid slipping, though he adjusted quickly enough. The fishing boats bobbed
alongside the docks with each wave. They were small, simple wooden affairs with a singular
oar at the back, along with a perch in front to hang a lantern for evenings and nights. They
were rustic and simple. Perfect for fishermen sailing out, getting a good haul of fish, and
coming back home with ease.
And absolutely the wrong kind of boat they needed for their hunt.
“Quaint,” Loki snarked. “I’m sure the Bake-Kujira would notice a particularly large piece of
driftwood sailing on top of its territory.”
“The timbers are rotted too,” Tamamo pointed out. Taking a nearby branch sitting on the
dock, she poked hard inside the boat – and it replied by splintering and immediately flooding
with water. Within a few moments, it sank beneath the surface and came to a rest at the
bottom, barely visible through the waves. “These would be smashed to splinters by a large
fish, let alone a yokai.”
Ren frowned as he considered. “I’m guessing the other boats are no good either?” he asked.
“They aren’t fit for fishing, let alone for whaling,” Joan answered as she checked on the other
boats. “I saw a few larger ships scuttled on the coast, but they’re in even worse shape. If we
try to use them, the only direction they’ll be going is down.”
The Phantom Thief crossed his arms as he tried to brainstorm any ideas. Marie tilted her head
in curiosity as she looked over at her Master. “What are you considering, monsieur Ren?” she
inquired.
“I was thinking of a traditional whaling boat,” he replied. “The Bake-Kujira is a spirit made
of grudges and hatred, right? If it saw a whaling boat, then no way would it be ignored. It’ll

lure it out into the open so we’re not looking for it in the ocean like a needle in a haystack.”
Tamamo looked pensive as she listened. “Yes, that could work,” she murmured as she
thought about the characteristics of the yokai. “It would never tolerate a target of its grudge
so boldly sailing into its territory. There’s no doubt it will confront us – and it will be
extraordinarily angry when it does so.”
Ren gave a broad grin at the last sentence. “Well, we better take advantage of that, then,” he
summed up. That said, he didn’t see anything here that’s fit for whaling – or at least, nothing
in good enough condition. As Loki had noted, a fishing boat was unlikely to garner the
spirit’s attention – and if it did, it wouldn’t last more than a minute before being destroyed –
and everything else was too rotten. They didn’t have a lot of options, so the next step would
obviously be…
“Tamamo, are you able to restore the condition of the wood around here as well as shape it?”
he asked, looking over at the miko.
The Caster raised an eyebrow at the odd question but checked the boats regardless. “There
aren’t any mysteries or magecraft interfering with these boats – or anything in the village,”
she noted. “Adjusting the wood would be child’s play.”
Joan’s frown deepened as the Phantom Thief’s smile grew. “Ren, what are you thinking?” she
inquired warningly, already feeling a chill down her spine.
“I was just thinking we build the boat ourselves,” he responded nonchalantly as he raised his
communicator. “We just need to get the blueprints and then get to work. It’ll take a bit of
time, sure, but preparation is key to a good hunt, right?”
The Lancer’s jaw dropped. “You’re just… going to build a… whaling boat…” she
stammered. Then she buried her face in her hand. “Goddamnit, of course you are,” she
grumbled. “Why am I even questioning your actions or decisions anymore?”
Ren smiled apologetically when he felt his arm being lowered. Looking over, he blinked in
surprise to see Loki. “Already calling for backup so soon?” the trickster god remarked with a
smirk. “I thought you were more capable than that, ‘Master’.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow and smirked back. “Can’t exactly make a boat without
proper blueprints,” he replied matter-of-factly. “I was gonna contact Chaldea to see if they
have some for a Japanese whaling boat. Unless you’re telling me you know it off the top of
your head?”
Loki’s eyes widened at the taunt, then laughed. “Know? No,” they denied. “But one of my
dominions is ‘fishing’. Funny how so few people know that.” They looked around and
nodded. “I believe I should be able to sketch the blueprints. I only need some paper and a pen
to write it all down. Pity we won’t be find such a thing here unless we dig around-”
“Will this do?”

Both Ren and Loki turned to see Marie offering a small notepad and a pen. “I find myself in
the habit of carrying these around lately,” she elaborated. “In case something happens to be
interessante. You would be rather surprised how often carrying these around comes in
handy.”
The Avenger blinked multiple times, then chuckled as they plucked the items from Marie.
“You are full of surprises, Marie Antoinette,” they commented with a grin. “Yes, these shall
work just fine. Give me a bit and I’ll have it all written up.”
The Phantom Thief nodded in acceptance. “Tamamo, mind giving Loki a hand?” he asked,
turning to the Caster. “Just make sure their design resembles enough of a whaling boat that
it’ll lure out the Bake-Kujira.”
Tamamo narrowed her eyes slightly, then nodded. “This is not my specialty, but I shall assist
where I can,” she accepted. “Not to mention, it would be a great pleasure to make sure
Avenger doesn’t get up to any mischief, whether during the design or construction.”
She shot a glare at Loki as she made the last sentence, who grinned sardonically in turn.
“Oh?” they snarked. “I believe that the adage of ‘takes one to know one’ applies here quite
well. Though at least during my time here I did not drag others who didn’t deserve it into my
‘mischief’, as you call it. I wonder if you can declare the same, Tamamo-no-Mae.”
The Caster’s eyes widened in shock before scowling back at the Avenger, her tail swishing
angrily. As she opened her mouth to retort, Marie cleared her throat to catch their attention.
“Perhaps this would be a more constructive conversation later on, when we are at rest,” she
pointed out. “Right now, I believe we have a hunt we must prepare for, non? And I would
prefer if my notebook doesn’t get damaged by any altercation.”
The bright smile and near-innocent demeanor of the Rider stopped both Tamamo and Loki
cold, unable to come up with an immediate retort. Ren just chuckled slightly. “She’s got a
point,” he followed up. “We better not take too long for our preparations. I’m counting on
both of you to have a boat planned out – and knowing the two of you, it won’t be anything
short of perfect.”
Loki stared at Ren, then burst out laughing. “Schemers and plotters, every one of you!” they
exclaimed. “Very well, very well! I’ll answer your faith in me, Ren. And you have my word I
won’t needle Caster too much – if she doesn’t deserve it anyway. Will that suffice?”
Tamamo scowled beneath her sleeve. “So long as you behave,” she muttered. “Then I shall
cooperate.”
Ren nodded in satisfaction. “Joan, can you check on the scuttled ships and flotsam around
here?” he asked, turning to the Lancer. “We’re gonna need a lot of lumber and metal. Mind
seeing which ones are a good size and not too rotten?”
Joan frowned slightly but nodded. “Don’t have the greatest eye for this, but I’ll find what I
can,” she grumbled. “I’ll try to see if I can scrounge up some other supplies too.”

“That would be greatly appreciated,” the Phantom Thief replied gratefully. “And Marie,
you’re with me – we’re gonna try and find some tools to work with.”
The queen clapped her hands happily. “Carpentry, monsieur Ren?” she asked. “I must say, I
am quite intrigued! Please, lead the way! This shall be a marvelous time!”
Ren grinned in response as the other Servants looked at each other warily, all with their own
reactions: A sardonic smirk from Loki, exasperation from Joan, and irritation from Tamamo.
“Alright, we all have our jobs,” the Phantom Thief declared. “Let’s get to it. Report in if you
guys find anything interesting. Let’s move out.”
Everyone split up to get to their jobs: Loki and Tamamo to a nearby desk, Joan left the docks
and marched down the beach to investigate the scuttled boats, and Ren and Marie delved
deeper into the village to find the tools. The night was calm and gentle, though the occasional
breeze that flowed through left Ren shivering slightly. He idly wondered if it was spring or
fall in this singularity. When was the season here? He had many questions, though most were
just idle curiosity.
As he rummaged through the village, he couldn’t help but be curious. Despite the rot and
degradation of the village, he still found small things here and there that caught his attention:
An old, tattered scroll rendered illegible by water damage and time. A wind charm crafted
from what appeared to be bones. A small shrine sitting off to the side, its carvings and
paintings long worn away (he stopped to offer a quick prayer). So far, they hadn’t found what
they were looking for, but he didn’t mind much at the moment.
Marie meanwhile seemed to be the same: Curiously peering about houses and buildings,
looking at things like a small earthen stove or the long-dried herbs hanging up in kitchens,
and even joining Ren when he prayed at the shrine. During that time, she had found a widebrimmed reed hat that was in relatively good condition. With a smile, she replaced her usual
elaborate red hat with it, securing the straps underneath her chin. “How do I look, monsieur
Ren?” she asked.
Ren glanced over from the cupboards he was scouring and grinned at the sight. “Like the
queen of the fishermen,” he easily replied. “Or would you prefer a beautiful water nymph
among humans?”
The Rider froze for a moment at the compliments, then laughed softly with a faint blush. “I
must remind myself you’ve quite a way with words,” she murmured, turning away. “Do you
say that to every lovely woman you meet?”
“I only speak from the heart,” the Phantom Thief answered with a wry smile.
Marie could only giggle in response. “A delightfully trite line,” she remarked.
They continued looking around the village, eventually finding what seemed to be a small
smithy. The furnace and smelter had long since gone cold, covered in hardened soot and
ashes. Though the main building itself didn’t have anything, it connected to the living
quarters in the back followed by a storeroom. While Marie checked the living area, Ren

decided to poke around. He found some spears and a collection of fishhooks, all long rusted,
as well as things like kitchenware, both ceramic and metal.
Digging further into the back, he came across a small box. Opening it, he found to his
surprise an entire carpentry set: Hammers and mallets, wood saws, files, planes, and more. A
few seemed a bit more esoteric but that didn’t matter too much. They had all rusted as well
thanks to the ocean air but no matter - he’d ask Tamamo to clean them up and reinforce them
a bit.
As he looked over the tools, a smile crept across his face. It had been a long while since he
worked with his hands ever since his days in Tokyo making phantom thief tools. He couldn’t
wait to get started. “Marie, I found some tools!” he called out - only to be met with silence.
Ren turned around, instantly wary. “Marie?” he called again. His eyes turned red as he
activated this Third Eye. From what he could see or tell, there was nothing hostile. Quietly
setting down the toolbox, he slowly made his way back to the living quarters and silently
opened the sliding door. His hand was ready to draw his knife as he prepared his personas,
his circuits warming upOnly to see Marie standing in the middle of the room, pensively staring at something she was
holding in her hands. His curiosity renewed, he quietly walked over to see what she was
looking at: A doll. Its straw hair was rotting away and some of its fabric had disintegrated,
causing the stuffing to spill out, but its shape was unmistakable.
“Didn’t take you to be a fan of dolls,” Ren commented lightly with a small smile, causing the
queen to jump and squeak in surprise.
“Monsieur Ren!” she gasped, holding her chest. “My apologies for not responding. I was…
somewhat distracted.”
“I can tell,” the Phantom Thief accepted easily. He nodded over to the doll. “Something about
it caught your eye?” he asked out of curiosity.
Marie glanced back down at it, then shook her head with a sad smile. “Not the doll itself, per
se,” she murmured. “More just… those who found great enjoyment from them.”
He considered making a joke, but his instincts warned him the atmosphere was too heavy for
one. “You mean children?” he quietly inquired.
The queen nodded slightly. “Oui,” she whispered. With a wan smile, she gently placed the
doll on a nearby table, positioning it so it was sitting – or the closest approximation to it,
given its damaged state. “I was blessed with wonderful children. Four of them. But… only
one of them – my daughter – lived a full life. The rest…”
The Rider fell silent, her eyes resting on the doll once more. Slowly, her expression morphed
before his eyes. He watched as her normally jovial, kind features hardened and her lips
pressed together until they were little more than a thin line. The atmosphere around her
rapidly became colder and colder, sending a chill up his spine.

Looking back down, he could see her grip on the doll shaking, yet it never tightened, as
though she was doing her utmost to avoid damaging it any further. The moonlight shone on
her through the window, rendering her pale features almost translucent. However, instead of
enhancing her beauty as it normally would, it instead gave her an otherworldly glow, like he
was staring at a vengeful wraith. From someone like Marie, it was terrifying to witness… and
fascinating.
“How are you feeling?” Ren asked.
The sudden question once more caused Marie to jump slightly and blink owlishly at Ren.
“Pardon?” she asked, unsure if she heard correctly.
The Phantom Thief nodded to the doll. “Exactly what I asked,” he confirmed. “How do you
feel, Marie Antoinette?”
Marie was left blinking several times at the question as she tried to parse out his statement.
How… did she feel? This would be a faux pas under any sort of circumstance, be it a formal
gathering or even just a normal social situation. In spite of herself, she could feel an
overwhelming wrath almost overcome her better nature and her senses. With practiced
patience, she restrained herself. He simply didn’t know any better, that was all. It would
behoove him to be more aware of his surroundings.
And yet, as she looked in his eyes, that wasn’t the case in the slightest. His sharp grey eyes
were abnormally serious as she met his gaze with her own. Was it bemusement and anger? Or
perhaps it was sympathy or pity? No. None of those answers fit. Rather, the intensity came
from a place she had not expected, neither in her past life nor this one:
Empathy and understanding.
He wished to know. Even if the answer was obvious, he wished to know and share in it with
her, for better and worse. When was the last time she had seen something so… intrusive yet
kind?
Had she ever?
Marie laughed. It wasn’t the usual mirthful sound that escaped her lips. It was hollow, bitter,
and cold, akin to cracking ice. “You are quite a rude man at times, monsieur Ren,” she
whispered. She silently walked over to a window, her pale eyes staring outside at the ruined
village beyond, with Ren silently joining beside her. Outside, the moonlight danced with the
still shadows of the ruined town, a performance of light and dark only accompanied by the
distant waves from the ocean.
“Ah, how can I describe it,” Marie whispered as she stared up at the moon, her eyes
glimmering with near-madness. “Hate? Non, that word is not nearly adequate enough to
describe it. It gnaws away at my insides and at the crevices of mind every time it appears.
Enough that I wish to tear something to pieces – anything. Yet I could tear the world itself
apart and it would not be enough to sate it. If only hatred was all I felt, then perhaps this
anguish would be easier to handle. And yet, even if I accept the cruelty of what had

happened, that it’s in the past, it is all still there like a misshapen jewel, wretched yet
indestructible.”
Ren was silent as he listened and observed Marie – no, an anguished woman let forth a
torrent of vitriol and bile, dark as the night. He could see the hatred in her eyes and hear it in
her voice. But there was more to it. Beyond the cold anger, there was pain from unending
grief and sorrow. One that could only be borne by those that not only had been wronged but
had been through a loss that she couldn’t – and never would - accept. While he wanted to ask,
he knew this wasn’t the time for it, nor was it his objective.
Slowly, as though some semblance of rationality had crawled back into her soul, the Rider
clenched her hand into a tight fist and pressed it against her chest. “There are many, many
times I wish to lash back against the world,” she murmured. “To make it experience the same
pain and bitterness I felt then. But that isn’t what I wished for. I am all too aware the world
can be cruel and ugly, but so too can it be wondrous and enchanting. It is a clear contrast that
many I believe find frustrating, perhaps incomprehensible. But that simply makes the world
all the more beautiful in my eyes.”
Unclenching her hand, she leaned up against the windowsill with a wan, sad smile. “I
suppose it’s a lesson I’ve done my best to take to heart,” she finished. “That hatred will
always be a part of me in the end. I won’t deny it, but neither will I let it drive me forward. In
the end, all of that is what makes me, me. Life is simply far too grand to allow such matters
to dictate how I should ultimately live my life.”
Ren was silent as he considered her words. The sheer amount of rancor Marie held was both
surprising yet not. He studied long ago the violent end of France’s monarchy, and the fates of
Marie Antoinette and her husband: the last of the French royal family. It was undoubtedly a
cruel end for such a kind woman like her, even more so when she had been made into more
or less a scapegoat and figurehead for the population’s fury. He knew far too well the wrath
of the public when they were united and kindled.
He considered their group once again: Loki, Tamamo, Joan, and now Marie, and thought
about their target. As he did so, a wry smile twisted his lips. It seemed this hunt had a theme
going for it.
A sigh from the Rider brought Ren out of his ruminations. “I must apologize,” she murmured
with a small smile. “What I have shown you was… admittedly unsightly. While I did say I
have accepted that bit of ugliness within me, it is still unbecoming to show it so openly. You
must have found that rather unpleasant to witness.”
The Phantom Thief shook his head. “Not in the slightest,” he disagreed. “If anything, it was
fascinating to witness. I’ve seen people do a lot with that ugliness within themselves: Bury or
suppress it and end up letting it fester, masking it as they pull off atrocious acts, or just letting
it consume them – sometimes even knowingly.”
He thought back to the people they dealt with. From their mementos targets to the Palace
rulers to Akechi… being a Phantom Thief certainly brought unique perspectives and sights
on humanity.

“It’s very rare for someone to simply accept the worst part of themselves as part of who they
are,” he elaborated. “And the fact that you do makes it just as fascinating as you are normally,
Marie. No – if anything, it only emphasizes your own beauty. It’s just as striking as the rest of
you.”
Marie stared at him, wide-eyed in surprise at his words, then looked away while pouting with
a slight blush. “It does not please a woman to be told that, even if it is a compliment,” she
gently admonished.
Ren chuckled. “I guess not,” he easily admitted. “But I stand by what I said. Everything
about you, including – and especially – that dark part of you is beautiful in their own right.”
The queen blushed a bit more at the assault of praise – then an idea sprang into her mind.
“And what of you, monsieur Ren?” she shot back. “What of you and your own inner
darkness, so to speak?”
The Phantom Thief glanced over at the Rider with a raised eyebrow. “Oh?” he inquired.
“What do you mean by that, Marie?”
“Do not play coy,” she replied with a mischievous smile of her own. “You have explained
before that your personas are essentially part of you, non? Aside from the angels and
mythical beings I have seen you summon, I have also seen you summon demons and devils,
and even le Diable himself!”
The queen leaned on the windowsill toward him, her eyes sparkling eagerly. “I am curious,
what is it like using those parts of yourself?” she asked. “They are undoubtedly evil, yet they
are still part of you and you use them with aplomb. What is that like?”
Ren paused as he considered his answer. Then he smiled and stepped back from the window.
Switching personas in his mind, his circuits warmed up in the chilly night air as he tore off
his mask. “Lilim,” he called.
With a burst of blue flame, a new persona came forth: A dark-skinned young woman,
seductively and tantalizingly beautiful. She wore a short, white jacket that was unzipped up
to her collarbone, almost exposing her breasts, while her white shorts showed the entire
length of her bare legs, including a serpent tattoo marked on her thigh. All of that only
brought into clearer emphasis the small pair of demon wings emerging from her back and a
whip-like tail from behind.
Raising a gloved hand, the persona brushed aside her shoulder-length black hair, revealing
pointed ears, and blew a kiss to Marie, who raised an eyebrow in response. As Lilim floated
down next to Ren, he looked over his persona contemplatively. “Well, like you said, Marie,
my more malevolent personas are a part of me,” he stated. “But that’s just it – they’re as part
of me as my good parts, my serious parts, my silly parts, and everything in between. And
since I accept them, I can utilize them to help myself, and anyone else in the process.”
Marie observed the floating succubus persona with curiosity as she listened. Ren could
understand that – he hadn’t brought her out during his tenure in Chaldea. Even now, he could

feel the faint aura of her seduction through the air. It was noticeable, but hardly enough to
charm anybody unless they really let go of their mental faculties.
“Tres curieux,” the Rider murmured. “It is no small feat, monsieur Ren, to be able to use
your own darkness to your will. It is quite impressive. Though…”
She looked the lascivious persona up and down before shooting the Phantom Thief a wry
smile. “It seems you’ve certain… tastes, non?” she pointed out.
Both Ren and Lilim looked at each other, then they both broke into grins. “I’m just a fine
appreciator of beauty of all sorts, Marie,” he simply replied as the persona giggled in
response.
“Hm, so I see,” Marie mused, her wry smile widening in amusement – then her eyes lit up as
she had an idea, one she was now unfathomably curious about. She stepped up to the persona
with a mischievous gaze. Before either Lilim or Ren could react, the queen threw her arms
around Lilim and pressed her lips against the persona’s. The succubus blinked once in
surprise, then immediately returned the kiss, her arms wrapping around the Servant in turn
and pressing against her.
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow as they kept kissing – and rather passionately too. He
could tell tongue had gotten involved between the two. He had to mentally restrain Lilim
from going any further with Marie, which ironically wasn’t too much different than
restraining himself if he was in a similar situation. It was a minute before they finally broke,
with Marie taking a shaky breath of pleasure while Lilim simply smirked knowingly in
response. “Didn’t expect that,” he remarked, leaning up against a wall. “I’m guessing you
had a reason for that?”

The Rider giggled a bit with a nod. “I did indeed, monsieur Ren,” she cheerfully confirmed.
“I wanted to see if it was similar to kissing you – a succubus, yet it’s a part of you? I was
wondering where one ended and the other began, or if they were simply one and the same.”
Ren nodded in mild surprise and understanding. “Interesting test,” he commented, now
wondering himself. “What’s your conclusion, then?”
Marie giggled again. “It’s hard to say,” she admitted. “After all, I can’t exactly use an old
sample as judgement now, can I?”
The Phantom Thief quickly put two and two together. His smile widened as Marie
approached. “I hadn’t thought you would be so thorough and scientific about this,” he
remarked. “Chaldea rubbed off on you?”
“You tend to learn quite a bit when you spend so much time around scientists and geniuses,”
the queen agreed. With that, she threw her arms around Ren and kissed him, as he returned it
just as eagerly. As he expected, he could feel her tongue brushing against his lips and
reciprocated in turn as he held her closer to him.

She felt soft against him, warm, and surprisingly light. As their tongues intermingled, he
could feel her wrapping herself tighter around him and held her closer in return. A flame he
hadn’t felt since his time with Nero was broiling within him, one he had no desire to contain.
He felt her hand slowly shift behind his head. Gently yet firmly bringing him closer to her,
which he returned by closing his arms tighter around her as if to unite their heat and passion
into a whole.
Lilim meanwhile smiled wryly at the sight. Floating towards them, her hands wrapped
around the queen’s slim waist and caught her by surprise just as the kiss broke. The Rider
looked up at the persona with a grin. “My, so daring, monsieur Ren,” she purred as she
reached up to stroke Lilim’s cheek in response.
“I aim to please,” he replied with a wink. Marie grinned again as Lilim leaned down and their
lips met once more. The Phantom Thief watched with some amusement and no small amount
of lust as the tongues of the two women almost immediately began intermingling again, the
queen’s hand stretching up to bring the persona closer to her. Ren gazed down at the arch of
her neck, illuminated by the gleam of moonlight, and leaned down to press his lips against
her skin‘Hey, got a ship here with decent enough lumber.’ Joan’s sharp voice immediately broke the
mood and air between them. ‘Gonna need some help hauling all this back though – there’s
way too much for one person job. That giant of yours will probably be good for it. You guys
got the tools yet?’
‘We managed to find tools,’ Ren replied, quickly recovering his composure as Marie and
Lilim both looked at him. ‘We’ll be there shortly. What’s your location?’
‘About half a kilometer south of the village,’ the Lancer reported. ‘I’ll see if I can find some
ropes or something to attach to the ship so you can pull it – assuming you can’t just pick the
damn thing up and carry it over yourself.’ There was a brief pause. ‘You can, can’t you,’ Joan
stated flatly.
The Phantom Thief stopped to consider for a moment. ‘… You know, I actually haven’t tried,’
he confessed. ‘If the lumber’s in good enough condition, then it might be possible. Get those
ropes just in case, but that’s a good idea. Thanks Joan!’
‘You can take your good ideas and shove them up your-‘ The rest of Joan’s speech devolved
into unintelligible, ill-tempered grumbling before the communication finally cut off.
Both Ren and Marie looked at each other for a moment before collapsing into laughter. Lilim
giggled quietly before vanishing in a small burst of blue flames. “I guess we should probably
get back to work, huh?” the former commented.
Marie chuckled. “Oui, that would perhaps be best,” she agreed before letting go of him, albeit
with some reluctance. “Joan can be rather temperamental at best, especially regarding you. I
do wonder why she still finds you irritating despite the two of you sorting your differences.”
“I can be a bit much to handle for a lot of people,” Ren admitted as he opened the sliding
door back to the storeroom. “She just needs time to get used to it. Probably.” As he picked up

the toolbox, he flashed a grin back at her. “Though it’s pretty funny seeing her get flustered
by every other thing I do, not gonna lie,” he added.
The queen burst out in uncontainable giggles at the remark. “Y-you certainly speak truly,’ she
agreed between heaves of mirth. As she regained her composure, she brushed a few wrinkles
out of her dress. “Well, then, it would be rude of us to have her wait.” Reaching forward, she
hugged Ren’s arm and smiled up at him. “Shall we go?”
Ren grinned. “Let’s,” he agreed. Easily stepping out with her, they walked down the docks,
arm in arm. With the moonlight shining above and the rustic, serene surroundings of the
ruined village, it felt surprisingly romantic. He filed away the information in his mind.
Maybe he should brainstorm other unorthodox date locations, just for fun.
“Hm, perhaps we might try something similar with Joan to help relieve tension,” Marie
quietly mused. “She would probably melt like ice cream on a stove, non?”
And just like that, any further thoughts of date locations were utterly obliterated.
“Spill it.”
“Excuse me?”
“You have questions, so spill it.”
In another section of the village, the ruins of another house stood. Two of its four walls had
collapsed from the march of time, allowing moonlight to illuminate the roof it once
supported, now nothing more than rubble. In the distant corner was a small office, its shelves
filled with tattered and rotten scrolls that disintegrated on the slightest touch.
In the office was a desk that sat by a window, one that had once been lovingly carved with
great skill once, now weathered and battered by the elements. It had long been without an
occupant, yet now Loki sat there as they sketched out the blueprints of a ship almost by
instinct. A small lamp stood beside them, its gentle flame flickering as it gently glowed and
illuminated the notebook as they worked.
Tamamo’s ears twitched in irritation. “You are certainly cavalier about your attitude,
Avenger,” she growled. “Might I remind you you’re still on a short leash? Or must I reinforce
a few of my own?”
“You’ll do no such thing,” Loki replied flatly without bothering to look up as they worked.
They paused as they considered the rigging. “I have my deal with Ren Amamiya and I have
no intention of breaking it – especially since it only promises I only have to listen to him.
You, that’s at my convenience.”
They tapped the pen against the desk in consideration, sketched out a few designs of the
rigging with their accompanying knots, then turned the notebook toward Tamamo. “Which
would be more accurate for a Japanese whaling ship?” they asked.

The Caster glared at the Avenger before looking critically back down at the notebook, her
eyes narrowing in concentration as they darted between the sketches. Finally, she pointed.
“This one,” she answered. “I recall the ships I had sailed in using this particular design.”
Loki nodded once as they took back the notebook, circled the indicated rigging, then
continued working. “If anything, you’re proving to be useful here, even if it’s at the orders of
our Master,” they continued. “And I’m not utterly ungrateful. If you’ve questions, ask them.
Whether I’ll actually answer is at my own prerogative, of course.”
The miko scowled. “And will you actually answer truthfully?” she asked, skepticism dripping
from her voice.
The trickster god paused, glanced up at her, and gave a sardonic grin. “That depends on you
now, doesn’t it?” they retorted before turning back to their own work.
Tamamo’s eye twitched slightly. “Then I might as well ask you what’s your favorite food for
all the good it’ll do me,” she snapped.
“Pancakes,” Loki automatically replied before freezing. They took a very deep breath and let
out an incredibly irritated sigh. “My host as it turns out has quite the sweet tooth,” they
muttered, their tone laced with forced calm. “That’s wonderful to know.”
They went back to their work, albeit with slightly worse temper than before. “For further
information, it would be a whole honey-roasted boar with perhaps half a dozen or so tankards
of mead to wash it all down,” they added, then paused as they considered. “And maybe a
dozen plates of pancakes would suffice as a desert,” they admitted before resuming their
sketches.
The Caster raised her eyebrows at the reaction. Certainly one she hadn’t expected –
especially the sheer amount that Loki could apparently eat - but it seemed to be her opening.
“It seems your host has quite the history with our Master,” she remarked. “Do you know
anything about that, Loki?”
The trickster god scoffed. “What is there to know?” they asked. “They had met in the past,
shared a complicated relationship and because of that, I’m here. In a more… fractured and
different form than I’d like, but beggars can’t be choosers, as they say.”
Tamamo tapped her crossed arms impatiently. “That isn’t all there is to him and you know
that better than I do, Avenger,” she snapped. “Are you not curious about your Master?
Enough to perhaps search for more information about him? How he thinks, what he values,
and more? Even if it’s only for your own mischief, someone like you without a doubt would
try to find out any blind spots of his.”
Loki looked up and stared at the miko in surprise, meeting her eager, impatient gaze. Then a
second later, they burst into raucous laughter that echoed through the quiet air, all thoughts of
their project momentarily forgotten.
“Ah, you are not nearly as clever as you imagine yourself to be, Tamamo-no-Mae!” they
cried manically. “Your attempts and projection are so transparent and obvious that they’re

both utterly hilarious and absolutely nauseating! It has been a very, very long time since I
have felt such wretched amusement! Ren Amamiya, you indeed are fulfilling your end of the
bargain and amusing me in your absence! This is a most wonderful comedy indeed!”
The Caster’s patience was rapidly fraying under the trickster god’s barely veiled insults and
criticisms. “It would seem your vulgarity is almost as unmatched as both your madness and
your stupidity,” she snarled. Her fingers twitched as the temptation of summoning her
talismans became almost overwhelming, only restraining herself at the last possible moment
as Loki was needed for their hunt. “It seems getting any information from you was a fool’s
errand. I should have expected as such.”
“Oh, far from it,” Loki replied as a mad grin spread across their features. “My amusement
here comes from a large number of sources, not just you, Caster. After all, you’re hardly the
only one that bears an interest in my Master, and doubtless you won’t be the last. I merely
underestimated just how much attention he has garnered from everyone, mortal and Servant
alike. He will likely find the fact most amusing.”
Tamamo mastered her expressions as best she could, yet she could not help her tail from
fluffing up in alarm as her ears perked up, alert. “You intend to report to our Master, then?”
she asked quietly, already scrambling to find a method to explain herself when it came to it.
The trickster god chuckled – and to her surprise, they shook their head. “I don’t believe that’s
part of our deal,” Loki replied with a mad grin. “It only stated that I act as he commands to
both the spirit and letter and I do not involve others in our little competition. If I, say, decide
to share a bit of information, then what you do with it is your business, not mine nor his.”
With that, they set their pen down and reclined against the window, the Avenger’s auburn
eyes now burning red in mad amusement as they stared up at the miko. “So, what precisely
do you wish to know about our dear Master, Tamamo-no-Mae?” they drawled.
The Caster could feel sweat beading on the back of her neck. This wasn’t how she expected
this conversation to go in the slightest, but then Loki had proven themselves to be almost as
unpredictable as Ren was. Perhaps it was to be expected of someone who shared such a close
relationship with him in life, yet that fact brought her no comfort. Curse Ren Amamiya and
curse those that closely associate with him!
Still, despite how Loki’s smile sends cold chills down her back, she knew there wouldn’t be a
better opportunity than now to find out anything behind that inscrutable young man. “What
can you tell me about him?” she asked, her tone stern and strict. “About his former
experiences, about his powers, about how he acts… anything and everything. He carries
himself like an ordinary young man, one that could be found anywhere, yet at the same time
he’s far too extraordinary in ways both subtle and garish. He’s nothing less than a mass of
walking contradictions that somehow don’t intrude on the realm of hypocrisy. I almost
believe he’s madder than you are, Avenger.”
Once more, the Avenger threw their head back in manic mirth. “That is perhaps the most apt
description I have heard about him so far here!” they declared. “Ah, one thing you must
know about Ren Amamiya, is that sanity is not a word for him – at least, not in the traditional
sense. After all, what is a sane person in an insane world? Would that make them the insane

one? If they can work to an astounding degree within the confines of such a world, would
that make them sane or insane?”
“Stop speaking in riddles,” Tamamo snapped. “Get to the point.”
Loki’s grin widened as they leaned forward. “My ‘point’,” they sarcastically emphasized. “Is
that there is no easy way to sum him up. They are less a person and more so an experience, as
I have also told Medea of Colchis. Kindness and cruelty, compassion and malevolence, logic
and irrationality – they are all nothing more than tools and toys to him, yet they are all core
parts of him he can’t do without. Even his morality can shift at a whim as he wishes.”
The Caster could feel the stress-induced headache pounding away at her skull as her ears
twitched in irritation. “You speak as though they are some sort of unknowable god,” she spat.
“At the very least, what the hell does he want?”
The trickster god scoffed and waved their hand dramatically in utter dismissal. “Oh, they’re
not some unknowable god,” they quickly denied with a knowing smirk. “Not in the slightest.
They are something far, far greater than that. As for what he wants, he wants the most
terrifying thing of all for himself and for everyone, for good and for ill: Freedom.”
For some reason, Tamamo felt another cold chill down her back at that answer. “And what is
this thing that’s far greater than a god?” she demanded. Loki’s grin widened further, their
teeth gleaming like a wolf’s fangs in the moonlight.
“Human.”
Tamamo huffed as she stomped out of the hut. Her mood was incredibly sour, having gotten
dubiously truthful yet utterly unhelpful information about Ren from the trickster god. She
knew that getting anything resembling a decent answer would be a trying experience, but she
had thought that maybe she could at least glean one or two details she could work with.
Instead, they gave her the runaround and then simply dismissed her when her services were
no longer needed.
“Well, an invigorating conversation,” they had replied with their usual smirk. “But it seems I
have my fill of what I want: Entertainment and information. Why don’t you find our Master
instead and try your luck there for answers? You may meet with the same fortune as you have
with me.” Their grin widened in amusement as the Caster’s temper flared. It had been
incredibly tempting to blast them to oblivion then and there. Instead, she took her leave, with
no choice but to admit defeat.
‘Master, it seems Avenger no longer requires my assistance in drafting the ship’s blueprints,’
she mentally reported to Ren, doing her best to restrain her temper. ‘Are there any other
preparations that require my attention?’
There was a bit of mental static, then Ren’s voice came through. ‘Hey Tamamo,’ he greeted
cordially. His tone sounded strained, one that she was all too familiar with: It was when the
young man had pushed himself too far yet again. ‘I helped haul one of the ships next to the

docks. We should have enough lumber and materials to make the ship. We’re just waiting on
Loki at this point, it seems like.’
The Caster blinked several times at the term ‘we’, then sighed to herself. Without a doubt
Ren had used one of his personas to help haul the ship. ‘It seems so,’ she agreed. ‘Where are
you now?’
‘Holing up in one of the intact houses close to the docks,’ Ren answered. As soon as he did,
the Caster immediately changed her course. ‘Well, intact is a bit of a stretch – but it’s one of
the few that’s not completely crumbling down and rotting. Marie and Joan insisted I go rest
since they need me at top condition for the hunt, so here I am. It’s not the most comfy here but
hey, can’t be any worse than a café attic.’
The levity in Ren’s exhausted tone brought forth a new idea as she quickly found yet another
opportunity. This was the Avenger’s suggestion, true, but she couldn’t deny the truth of it.
‘I’m afraid I have no experience with such matter,’ she admitted. ‘Still, perhaps I can at least
make it more accommodating,’ she offered. ‘It seems you worked hard enough tonight, and a
ruined hovel would be a most unfit residence for the evening.’
There was a feeling of mild surprise that emanated from Ren, then he quickly responded.
‘That’d be great,’ he answered with a tone of relief and gratitude. ‘It’s kind of drafty here,
and I’m a bit worried about setting a flame in the hearth in case something catches on fire.
It’s a bit late to set up a tent in the outskirts anyway.’
Tamamo nodded in acknowledgement despite her Master being nowhere nearby to see her.
‘In that case, I am on my way,’ she replied. ‘I shall be there momentarily.’
‘Sounds good,’ Ren acknowledged before cutting off contact.
The Caster made her way down the dock, her raised slippers quietly clacking against the
rotten boards as she pondered. A cool breeze floated by, not overtly uncomfortable but just
cold enough to set one’s teeth on edge. She could see why her Master might not enjoy this
kind of weather. The salt spray was pleasant enough, with her witchcraft still filtering out the
rot of fish or the more unpleasant smells of the sea, but it would certainly ruin her fur if she
stayed here for too long.
She huffed a sigh. Why people spent their time so close to the sea was always beyond her.
Better to stick to the land and enjoy the bounty it could yield. Ah, but the riches from distant
lands were tempting too. So long as she wasn’t the one to personally sail over and collect
them, then she could tolerate it. But if she had to stay at a rustic village like this, then there
had better be a good reason for it.
Shaking her head, she focused her thoughts. There would be no better way to garner
information about her Master than this. All she needed to do was bide her time and not let
impatience get the best of her again.
Eventually, she came across a house that was lit up from within, the quiet glow of a lit hearth
flickering through the screen door. Without a doubt, that was where her Master currently was.

Walking up to the door, she composed herself before knocking on the door. “Come in!” came
Ren’s voice from within.
“Pardon the intrusion,” Tamamo murmured as she slid open the door, stepped in, and closed
it behind her. The inside of the house didn’t look too different from the ruins she had seen
outside: The tatami mats were dilapidated and rotting while in the corner, what used to be
furniture had long since fallen apart into scrap wood. There were holes in the walls, whistling
as the wind flowed in. There didn’t seem to be any sign of refuse or rotten fish around, nor
did it seem overly ruinous, but otherwise this was rather substandard accommodation.
“Welcome,” Ren greeted with a grin from his seat on a sleeping bag. “You’re excused from
taking off your shoes – this isn’t the best place for it. No second cushion either unless you’re
willing to share my sleeping bag here. Sorry about that.”
The Caster looked over at her Master. The Phantom Thief was grinning as he always did,
though she could see his exhaustion with how he sagged his body and dullness of his eyes.
He was poking a small fire in the hearth with a stick, trying to keep the flame going before
feeding it another piece of scrap wood. The flames crackled and licked up against the mossy
masonry of the hearth but otherwise were still well contained, their heat comfortably
warming the house despite the wind.
“I see you have made yourself comfortable,” Tamamo noted, masking her mild distaste.
Ren grinned. “Honestly, it wasn’t much different than my time in juvenile hall,” he remarked
lightly. “If anything, it’s actually warmer here. If I had a bit of time here, I could make this
house really cozy.” He patted the toolbox that sat beside the sleeping bag in emphasis.
The miko was skeptical before remembering how he sewed that backpack for Morgana back
in the Roman singularity. Ren Amamiya was a man of many talents indeed – part of what
made him so vexing. “I do not doubt that,” she genuinely replied as she slipped out several
talismans from her sleeve. “But for now, allow me to improve this house by my own
methods. Marie and Joan have said you needed proper rest, did they not? And you won’t be
able to rest well in such ramshackle conditions.”
The Phantom Thief raised his eyebrows as he looked around. “Well, honestly? It’s not too
bad as it is,” he remarked. “It’s comfy enough to get some sleep at least.”
Tamamo pasted on a smile and bowed in acknowledgement. “True enough,” she agreed. “You
are quite adaptable in almost any circumstance.” Inwardly, she rolled her eyes in exasperation
at her Master. While she understood temporary abodes weren’t often meant to be high-class
and elaborate, she would still find this hovel distasteful in her standards. At least her Master
wouldn’t decline her work.
“Where are the others?” she asked casually, putting aside her annoyance as she tossed out her
talismans. Each one stuck to a wall and rippled out as they glowed. The holes in the walls
were rapidly sealed as the mortar grew back and closed and the shoji paper of the doors
mended themselves, sealing the heat in the house once more.

Taking out two more talismans, she tossed one at the scrap pieces of wood nearby while
throwing another down on the tatami flooring. The scrap wood was cleaned of any rot and
swiftly reassembled itself, easily becoming simple furniture: A dresser, a table, and shelves
for storage. The tatami mats were scoured and regenerated, leaving them as clean and pristine
as if they had just been laid down.
For the final touch, the Caster pulled out one last talisman, knelt, and thrust it into the hearth.
Within a moment, the flames within were absorbed into the paper like how water would be
absorbed by a sponge. With a flick of her wrist, she flipped it over and a much calmer,
focused flame appeared above the talisman. Releasing it, the paper hovered over the charcoal
as it kept silently emitting the flame. “Now you no longer need to attend to the fire,” she
noted with satisfaction.
Ren stared in amazement as everything was completed and grinned up at the miko, who had
taken off her slippers and stepped on the now clean tatami. “That was amazing, Tamamo,” he
earnestly commented. “And you even showed we’ve an even better chance of pulling off the
plan than I thought.”
“Oh?” she inquired, her curiosity piqued. “What do you mean, Master?”
The Phantom Thief nodded to the reconstructed furniture. “You were able to restore not only
the wood but the original shape of it too,” he elaborated. “And with what you did with the
walls, you’re also able to modify the materials as well, like the walls.” He nodded to the wall
behind him for emphasis. “I had a good feeling you could do all of that, but seeing is
believing – and what I saw was fantastic.”
The Caster blinked a few times as her irritation grew yet again. Had she just been
unknowingly tested about her capabilities? No, it was more Ren had found confirmation and
worked from there. She had merely sought his comfort to render him more pliable, only to
unwittingly play into his hands yet again – something even he didn’t realize until they were
done. And yet, the gratitude and praise he had shown was also genuine as well. This was
truly frustrating.
Nevertheless, she simply bowed forward. “I’m merely happy you are satisfied with my work,
Master,” she murmured, graciously accepting the compliment. “If you like, though, perhaps I
could make your rest and recovery even more fruitful?”
Ren glanced over casually as he leaned back. “Got something in mind?” he asked.
Tamamo’s smile widened. “If it pleases you, would you perhaps like a massage?” she
suggested. “I have done so once for Ritsuka and she found it rather enjoyable. I am quite
confident in my skills, and believe it shall certainly help you recover faster in preparation for
the hunt.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow, his sharp grey eyes boring into the Caster… then he
grinned and shrugged. “Sounds good to me,” he accepted as he stood up. “Hauling an entire
ship is pretty tough.”

Somehow that news didn’t surprise Tamamo in the slightest. “You hauled an entire ship?” she
echoed in disbelief. “Were Marie or Joan unavailable to assist?”
“Oh no, they were,” Ren corrected while he took off his jacket. “But Joan had suggested I try
to pick up the entire thing with Hecatoncheires and bring it over. It was a bit tricky – I
thought the entire thing would fall apart when I tried – but I managed to do it. And the ship
didn’t break, so she did find good lumber. All in all, I say it’s a pretty good night.”
The miko had to take a second to comprehend what her Master just told her. He had used one
of his Personas – his own magecraft – to haul an entire ship back to the village? While she
wouldn’t precisely consider it a Caster level feat, it certainly wasn’t something that most
normal magi could easily do, not without some preparation at least. It would certainly explain
his exhaustion, which only exasperated her even more.
Outwardly, however, her eyes widened in awe. “That is indeed a good night,” she agreed as
Ren finally had taken off his shirt and laid back on his sleeping back, face down. “A most
impressive feat, Master. Not many are capable of achieving such a feat with as much ease as
you.”
While she spoke, she straddled Ren’s lower back and placed her soft hands on his back. He
was surprisingly cool to the touch, though not alarmingly so. It was most likely from the
temperatures outside cooling his body. He was rather lean underneath his shirt, but not weak
in any sense. As she started gently kneading at his torso, she could feel the muscles
underneath like coils of iron underneath the skin. It would seem he was quite strong to boot
too.
“S-something on your mind, Tamamo?” Ren grunted, looking over his shoulder at the Caster.
The Caster blinked out of her reverie, then gave a placating smile. “Ah, no,” she denied as
she continued to work, his muscles yielding under her gentle yet firm touch. “I was
wondering about your build – it reminded me of shinobi. Well, that was my thought anyway I never had the opportunity to work with one in my lifetime.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow and grinned at the comparison. “A shinobi, huh?” he
mused as he let out a strained breath as she worked on a particularly tender spot. “Can’t even
argue against that. There’s definitely similarities between being a Phantom Thief and a
shinobi, come to think of it – though I’ve a feeling shinobi would disapprove of my
methods.”
“Perhaps,” she admitted. “But I do believe your methods add more flair – far more tasteful
than a shinobi’s pragmatism.” Leaning over, she pushed against the muscles connected to his
shoulder blades, working out the knots as best she could. “How is the pressure?” she
murmured.
“Just right,” Ren replied with a grunt. “Y-You’re definitely good at this, Tamamo.”
The Caster smiled – the first genuine one since she entered the building. “One of my many
talents,” she quietly boasted. “During my lifetime, I had learned and trained in many
disciplines: Art, music, dance, calligraphy, conversation, and more. It was rather a rigorous

education, but enjoyable.” As she spoke, her fingers carefully traced down his back as her
thumbs rotated around the muscles flanking his spine.
Ren hissed slightly as she struck a particularly sore point before chuckling. “Looks l-like it,”
he grunted out. “For me… I learned a lot in school, but even more outside of it. Talking to
certain people, getting them to teach me the skills they specialized in, from speech to aiming,
even tactics at times. I’d say I learned more out of school than in it.”
Though she kept her expression neutral but intrigued, her ears had perked up. As much as she
hated to admit it, the Avenger was correct – the best way to get information about her Master
was simply to experience him. She simply needed to keep going. “Oh?” she inquired as she
began kneading on his lower back. There was less tension there than she expected – perhaps
it had to do with his athleticism? “May I ask you to elaborate, Master?”
The Phantom Thief smiled in reminiscence. “There was a former senator that I met in front of
the train station,” he murmured. “He was constantly making speeches there, almost every
night. While not a lot of people listened to him, he always managed to attract people, and
even I thought his words were rather magnetic, so we struck up a conversation and made a
deal – I’d help him as his assistant while he would give me pointers about speech.”
“That seems a rather paltry price for such knowledge,” she remarked. “Especially given your
mastery and usage of it.” As she spoke, she reached over and began working on Ren’s arm,
feeling out his muscles. Despite their thinness, his limbs were surprisingly powerful. While
she had been disbelieving of Ren fending off two hundred false Roman soldiers by himself at
first, she steadily had accepted that was indeed what had happened – and he hadn’t solely
used his persona to do it.
Ren chuckled. “I thought so too,” he agreed. “What he taught me was worth its weight in
gold. It helped that he was a good guy too – though that wasn’t always the case before, from
what he told me.”
The Caster froze momentarily, unable to decide if she was frustrated, shocked, guilty, or
some other emotion entirely. Was this yet another test from him? “What do you mean?” she
asked, doing her best to keep her tone neutral yet curious as she continued working down his
arm, approaching his hand.
“When he was younger, he apparently wasn’t the greatest person,” he elaborated. If he had
some hidden intention in the story or was trying to rile her up, she couldn’t tell either in his
voice or expressions. “Calling his constituents idiots publicly, working for his own gain,
embezzlement – though that one wasn’t his fault. All that culminated in getting knocked off
his high horse and becoming a better person.
Ren smiled fondly. “If me and my friends had met him back then, he’d probably would’ve
been the type of guy we always fundamentally opposed,” he finished. “Glad he isn’t now.”
Tamamo gulped slightly as she began working on his hands. The small, delicate bones rolled
in her grip as she worked to loosen the muscles. “Many would take such defeats with wrath
and set on more destructive goals with vengeance,” she murmured. “Very few men would

learn empathy or kindness as a result.” And very few women would as well, she thought
bitterly to herself as she moved to his other arm.
“Very few would,” Ren agreed, grunting a bit as she kneaded out the knots in his biceps. “But
those that do, I have nothing but the greatest respect for. It’s not an easy path, but everyone
has the choice to walk down it. I’m really happy he did – and I even learned a lot from him in
the process. In return, all I did was give him the small push he needed.” In the end, Yoshida
had managed to solve his own problems without the need for the Phantom Thieves’
interference.
Smiling in reminiscence, he wondered if he kept up that habit of publicly giving speeches, no
matter how busy he got.
The Caster drew a shaky breath. How much did Ren know? How much did he suspect? What
was he trying to tell her? Was his meaning as obvious as he was making it? “May… I ask the
point of this story, Master?” she whispered, trying to keep the trepidation out of her voice as
she moved up to grasp his shoulders and work out the considerable amount of stress there.
Ren finally glanced up, his sharp grey eyes meeting her muddled golden ones, before closing
them and smiling in relaxation. “No point from me,” he replied simply. “Just rambling about
an old friend of mine. But if you think there was a point to it, then it’s probably worth
considering.”
The miko felt a small resurgence of her rage, followed by bitterness and guilt. What could
this Master know? All she had been through, all the betrayals, all the bloodshed. Ren was
gentle and humble, yet utterly sharp and arrogant. The meaning to her story and what he
implied… his neck was right there, within her reach. Her hands moved up from the base of
his neck, fingers gently wrapping around it. It would be child’s play to… to…
Her thumbs instead kneaded out the muscles in the back of his neck before finally sliding
back down. No. It wasn’t over yet. She still had one more method to glean her Master’s
secrets, to fully comprehend him. The time for subtlety was quickly passing. If this method
wouldn’t work, then nothing would.
As Tamamo came up with her plan, Ren opened one eye again and almost smirked. Then he
closed his eye and enjoyed the touch of the miko. This was truly bliss.
Outside the reconstructed house, the moon shone brightly over the abandoned village in the
dead of night. The waves washed up against the docks, their rhythm barely varying and
undisturbed. A gentle sea breeze whistled throughout the collapsed houses and piles of
debris, carrying with them the stink of rot and mixing with the scent of salt. It was rank
enough to deter even the most desperate of scavengers, leaving the location alone.
Within, Ren breathed gently as he curled up in slumber. Lulled by the lateness of the evening
and the quiet warmth of the hearth, weariness had finally overtaken the Phantom Thief. It had
been eventful enough of an evening that it didn’t take all that much. In the end, he slept with
no more concern than if he had been sleeping back at Chaldea.

Tamamo watched silently as her Master slept. She had been keeping her peace and simply
attending to him until he had fallen into a peaceful slumber, then waited patiently to make
sure he was deep asleep and that they wouldn’t be interrupted. It was rare for someone as
attentive as Ren to have his guard down, and if she fumbled it now, she would never get the
chance again. But now, her patience was about to pay off.
Approaching her Master, she silently drew a new talisman from her sleeve. This one was a
special one: It would allow her to peer into someone’s dreams and even enter them should
she so wish. She found it mildly distasteful to utilize: It was a gross violation of someone’s
privacy and if she was discovered, any trust she had gained would undoubtedly be shattered.
Thus, she had to be incredibly careful about its usage if she didn’t wish for her work to be
undone.
The miko glanced back down at Ren, then huffed. Well, Ren had invaded the mindscapes of
people without permission, had he not? Then unless he was a hypocrite, he didn’t have a right
to complain when someone did it to him in turn.
She sat down near the sleeping Ren and held up the paper charm, pointing it at his head.
Closing her eyes, she murmured the incantation. There was a sensation of her consciousness
being pulled from her body as it entered his dreams. Surrendering herself to it, she flowed
easily into his mind until finally, the sensation subsided. Slowly, she opened her eyes and
braced herself for whatever she might see.
Nothing.
Tamamo blinked several times as she looked around her. All around her stretched an infinite
black void. She was standing on something but couldn’t see what except more void. Raising
her hands, she could see herself clear as day. In fact, she even seemed to be glowing slightly,
a sharp contrast compared to the darkness that surrounded her. She gulped nervously. Did she
perform the ritual incorrectly? Was she intercepted by something – or someone? Or was her
Master a far greater monster than even she had imagined?
“Welcome, Servant Tamamo-no-Mae. Your appearance here was surprising, but not
unexpected.”
At the grand voice, she whirled around, talismans immediately in hand as her mirror conjured
into being, orbiting around her like a resplendent moon. In front of her floated a ghost – no, a
demon. Dressed in a red coat with a top hat and a black suit, with long, vicious claws and
razor-sharp stilettos. The figure didn’t have a face, but instead wore a flared out metallic
mask, with the flames creating the semblance of a cruel, infernal grin.
Tamamo’s eyes widened. “I did not expect my Master’s guardian to be here so quickly,” she
remarked, forcing a lightness to her tone. Despite that, she still held her talismans at the ready
while her mirror ominously hovered nearby by her will. “To what do I owe the pleasure of
your company?”
Arsene chuckled in amusement. “I believe that is our question,” he replied as the flames that
comprised his grin grew. “While uninvited guests aren’t an unknown occurrence, this is the
first time someone has deigned to enter in this manner. My mind of my other self is not a

location one can easily wander in or intrude upon, after all - not without purpose. Of course,
we have already surmised your intentions."
The miko’s eyes narrowed suspiciously. “You have?” she inquired.
The persona nodded slightly. “You sought information about my other self,” he stated. “And
tried various methods to achieve it – by inquiry or by plying him with comfort. You had found
yourself outwitted or the responses to be less fruitful than you had hoped, and so you decided
to peer into his dreams and mind. A logical, if intrusive, method of sating one’s own curiosity.
One that would have worked for many others, but not here.”
The Caster gulped as she racked her brain for a solution. “It seems so,” she murmured. “I
shall be more careful in the future then. Though I don’t suppose there will be a ‘future’ at this
point?” There was no way around it: She had been caught trying to snoop around her
Master’s mind, and his mental defenses proved far more formidable than she expected. If she
made the wrong move, she would be unsurprised if her own mind was torn to shreds in
retaliation. All she could do was play for time until an opening showed.
“That would depend on you, Tamamo-no-Mae,” the Pillager of Twilight replied.
That answer caught her off guard. “And what would you mean by that?” the miko asked in
return, her grip on the talismans tightening.
“You have two options,” Arsene elaborated. “The first is that you simply excuse yourself and
leave immediately. My other self nor you shall speak about this, and you shall take this
meeting as a stern warning not to attempt this again unless you have good reason to.”
Tamamo’s eyes widened in surprise. That would be utterly ideal and what she currently
wanted. And though she was suspicious, Ren didn’t seem the kind of person to outright
blackmail people. She could easily simply leave and that would be that.
That said, it was clear that there had been an enormous breach of trust. Navigating that
breach would be risky as he could take precautions, not just for himself but for others. It
could certainly make her stay in Chaldea far less pleasant, should he so wish.
Shoving aside her nervousness, she asked, “And what is the second option?”
The Pillager’s grin widened. “Your second option is that you get what you came here for,” he
answered. “If you are so curious about my other self’s mind, then we cordially invite you in
for a guided tour.” With a sweeping gesture, he indicated off to his side a glowing cell door
made of blue light that hadn’t been there before, emanating a crimson light within that she
couldn’t see past. “He awaits within, where your questions shall be answered – though
perhaps you will be left with yet more questions in the end.”
The Caster shot a glare at the persona’s cheeky last line. Of course, Ren’s guardian would
have as much of a mouth. “And how do I know this isn’t a trap?” she blurted out. “I’m more
than aware one’s mental landscapes can easily be shaped into a powerful snare if one knows
how to go about it – and it’s clear my master does so.”

Arsene laughed heartily. “This, from the one who sought to invade my other self’s
mindscape!” he boomed, amused. “You cannot. Though I am a gentleman of my word and
our wills are one and the same, I will grant you no surety. Thus, the choice is yours: Will you
step forward to claim what you came here for, braving whatever dangers lay within or
without? Or will you leave empty-handed, safe but unsatisfied, with the answers you seek
possibly beyond your reach forever?”
Tamamo bristled at the taunt, her ears twitching in irritation. She glared up at the persona, her
golden eyes meeting the unending fires of Arsene’s. She straightened up, her talismans and
mirror vanishing as she did so, and turned to the door. For a moment, she considered taking
the offer to simply leave, but the temptation she felt was great – too great. If it wasn’t the
trap, then she might find out once and for all why Ren Amamiya was such a vexing young
man.
Her mind resolved, she walked toward the doors, which seemed to glow brighter with every
step she made. As she reached out toward them, the bars suddenly flashed, completely
blinding her – and just as quickly, it was gone. Slowly, she opened her eyes – and they
narrowed as she found herself at the end of a short, darkened hallway, with an opening on the
other side. Frowning, she kept moving until she emerged – and found a smirking Ren
Amamiya waiting for her.
“Welcome, Tamamo,” he declared. “To the Thieves’ Den.”

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 114: Bake-Kujira, Pt. 2
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

A Phantom Thief's mind holds many treasures... and secrets.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The night sky was a tapestry of stars, glimmering like distant gems. The constellations
gleamed brightly, visible even to the naked eye: Orion, Cancer, Scorpio, Sagittarius, and
countless others. Tributes and honor from ancient astronomers all the way until the present
day, who etched the stories and myths into the heavens above so they would guide the way
for humanity in years to come. And brighter than the constellations shone the full moon,
silver and resplendent, casting an auspicious glow to the lands below.
“See if you can move those benches a bit closer together there! Yes, that will suffice!”
“Those firepits aren’t large enough! We’ll never be able to cook our prizes that way while
properly displaying them at the same time! Enlarge them!”
“Ah, well done bringing the supplies! Place them over there, if you would. I will see to their
distribution once everything else has been sorted.”
Below, the Empress of Roses was busy. There was a feast to be organized, and no one was
more capable than her of putting one together. The preparations were undoubtedly short
notice, but that sort of hurdle would be nothing compared to her capabilities! And it was a
feast on behalf of a goddess – and for Diana and her most favored hunter, no less! There
would be no skimping on the banquet here, not if they wanted to appease her while
simultaneously honoring her Masters and their Servants! No, anything less than extravagant
was intolerable!
Holding a clipboard to keep track and refine what was needed, she barked out orders to the
simulator to modify the grounds as necessary while also overseeing the Servants and
Chaldean staff assisting with the herculean task. Foodstuffs and drinks to complement the
hunts were brought, while various trials and games were created and tested to entertain both
observer and competitor. It would undoubtedly be a grand affair, as befitting of her.
That said, as she flipped a page and wrote down the stock of what had been brought in from
Chaldea’s larders, a frown of concern creased her lips. While she normally had no concern
about how frivolous she was being, she felt a distinct prickling irritation and even fear as the

number of supplies used continued to mount up. This was to be a banquet for a goddess, after
all – no expense must be spared. She had thrown them countless times without a qualm.
Yet none of them could stop the feeling of unease.
The clattering of glass interrupted her ruminations. “I have brought as much of the highquality liquor as I could. The highest ones are locked up, however.”
Nero turned around and beamed at Medusa, who was standing behind a cart laden with
bottles of alcohol of all sorts. “Excellent!” she proclaimed. “While it is a shame we can’t
have the best for our tables, it is understandable that Namele- er, Archer would keep them
under lock and key. Please, distribute the bottles among the tables. Any spares, bring them
back here so everyone may peruse them at our leisure.”
The Rider frowned, her displeasure clear to see. “Why are you having me act as a laborer?”
she asked, her tone pointed. “There are other, far more important matters I must attend to.”
“I’m aware,” the emperor replied nonchalantly as she flipped back to the front page of her
clipboard. “Which is precisely why I need you here.”
Medusa froze for a moment at the explanation. “Explain, Nero,” she stated, her tone
becoming frostier.
The emperor looked up, her uncharacteristically dispassionate green eyes meeting Medusa’s
beautiful square ones – then she looked around her and grinned. “Ah, perfect!” she exclaimed
as Siegfried came forward with a cart filled with various meats. “How much defrosting do
they need?”
The dragonslayer frowned as he looked them over. “Some but not much,” he stated,
examining them with a critical eye. “They might require more refrigeration if our Masters
take much longer.”
Nero nodded pensively, jotting something down on her clipboard. “Set them near the
firepits,” she directed. “I’ll send word and have some refrigeration units brought over, just in
case. I doubt our Masters will be too long, but little can be done with spoiled meat.”
Siegfried nodded and rolled off with his cart. “That’s because I can’t trust Jing Ke with the
liquor,” she continued, turning back toward Medusa. “As much as I value her abilities, I’m
worried she might be too tempted to sample the vintages. Hence why I asked you, Medusa, to
bring and monitor them – with your hearing and sense of smell, she would not be able to
approach and try them. Not easily at any rate.”
“Is that all?” the Rider asked skeptically, still not budging from her position. “As an emperor,
I’ve no doubt you are well-versed in lying if it is to achieve your goals – especially if the lie
is only a half-truth. What is your reason for keeping me here?”
The emperor looked back up with a raised eyebrow. “A rather bold accusation you’re
throwing at me, Medusa,” she noted quietly.

“One with merit,” the gorgon shot back.
The two women stared each other down, despite the Rider easily towering over the emperor.
“My reason is quite simple then,” Nero answered calmly. “I cannot have you offending our
guest.”
Medusa stiffened slightly at the unexpected answer. “… elaborate,” she demanded, quiet yet
fierce.
“Diana – or Artemis, as you call her – is the goddess of both the moon and the hunt,” the
emperor explained as she turned back to the feast arrangements. “She has already granted us
an extraordinary amount of clemency by promising to return the Grails and even awarding us
one more in return for the successful completion of these hunts – which we are allowed to
celebrate and partake in. In that regard, a grand celebration in her honor is a pittance in
comparison.”
The Rider’s face twitched slightly – the only visible sign of her growing irritation. “You still
have not explained why you have kept me here working,” she pointed out, her tone betraying
her fraying temper.
Nero turned back toward her, her normally cheerful expression serious. “I am well aware of
your legend, Medusa of the Shapeless Isle,” she stated quietly, causing the gorgon to freeze at
being addressed fully. “I am aware of the cruelties you have undergone because of the gods’
pettiness and for that, you have my deepest sympathy. And given what we have observed
here of Diana, your distrust of her isn’t unfounded.
Medusa’s eyes widened. “Then-“ she began.
“That said, you are also underestimating the frivolousness of the gods,” the emperor
continued sternly. “Recall she holds in her hand the Grails – ones that she shall give to us
when the hunts are completed. If we manage to offend her, the best scenario is that she
departs and leaves us with nothing. The worst-case scenario is if she uses the Grails’ power
for herself to restore some measure of her divinity. I need not elaborate what will happen
after, I trust.”
The warning finally gave Medusa pause. Though she remained unemotive, Nero could see
the myriad thoughts flitting behind her peer’s eyes as she considered. While her words
seemed to have her ruminating over the scenario, Nero readied more arguments in case there
were other points that needed to be addressed. Hopefully, they weren’t necessary – they were
short on time as is.
Finally, after a tense few seconds, the Rider let out a breath: a sound of consternation,
frustration… and acceptance. “You have put much thought into dealing with her,” she
admitted.
Nero nodded, a tight smile stretching her lips. “It is simply a matter of veneration… and
humility,” she quietly admitted. “Display enough of those and you can buy time to consider
your next move.” While she never had dealings with the gods, she knew well what it was like
dealing with those that had more power over her. Titles meant little if there wasn’t something

harsher accompanying it. No, she knew what she had to do here – even if it meant bowing her
head.
Suddenly she froze in the middle of flipping a page on her clipboard before letting out a quiet
breath of frustration. Dealing with those that had more power, titles meaning little… it would
seem the memories of her self from the singularity were affecting her more than she had
expected. Out of all her experiences, only she had been so humbled that she had no choice
but to yield her pride to those that were supposed to be subservient to her – a humility borne
out of both desperation and scarcity. She didn’t hate it - there was a unique beauty borne from
that harshness that only she, the Flower of Olympia, could create - but it was nevertheless
distracting.
Tapping her pen against the side of her head in mild frustration, she shoved the thought aside.
There was time for further rumination later. “Now, may I ask you to place the liquor among
the tables?” she repeated, nodding to the bottles of her cart. “I shall leave it to you which
combinations you deem would be best. Or would you prefer another task instead? I recognize
this is perhaps too menial a task for you.”
Medusa was silent for a moment, then she slowly inclined her head. “No,” she declined. “I
will take care of it. And as for Artemis… I leave her to you, Nero.” With that, she silently
rolled the cart toward the indicated tables. Nero quietly watched her leave, privately surprised
at how demure the Rider was after she had explained her reasoning – reasoning that even she
questioned herself about.
She rubbed her throbbing temples in annoyance. Ever since her Master alleviated her
migraines, she had trouble distinguishing whether these headaches came from migraines,
stress, or her other self’s memories and thoughts constantly intruding on her own. She would
have to speak with him whenever he was available to see if it could be sorted out. Until then,
a few performances in her personal concert later on would help at least alleviate some of her
burden.
“So, I’m guessing I don’t need to keep up my job then?”
Nero barely even looked up from her clipboard at the sudden voice beside her. “It won’t be
necessary, Jing Ke, but thank you,” she answered. “Reliable as you may be when it comes to
your work, it’s better not to risk it.”
The Assassin shrugged from her seat on the grass beside the emperor. “As you wish,” she
accepted casually as she poured a small cup of spirits and offered it up to the emperor, who
took it. “You remind me of someone,” she mused as she poured another cup for herself.
“Someone from your past?” Nero asked as she downed the cup. The strong, acrid taste was
sharp against her tongue and burned as it slid down her throat. She could even feel the vapor
leaving out of her nose as she exhaled. “A bit strong for my liking,” she commented before
clearing her throat to remove the sensation.
Jing Ke chuckled. “Not surprised,” she remarked before downing her own cup and savoring
the taste. “Reminds me of home, honestly. Though the wines of your empire were delicious,
they simply couldn’t compare – no offense to your offerings, of course.”

“None taken,” the emperor easily accepted. She recalled an old saying about how the drinks
from one’s home often tasted the best. “But you were saying who I reminded you of?”
“Your self back in the singularity,” she casually replied, causing Nero to look down at her in
surprise. “Normally, you bluster about like you’re the emperor of the world around here.
Rather fun if a bit grating on occasion. But seeing you get serious and working steadfast
toward your goals, to the point you’d bend your usually unbreakable, even foolhardy,
confidence? It suits her far more than it suits you.”
Nero stared down at her impassively as she wrestled with how she felt. “And you think less
of me for it?” she asked quietly.
The Assassin raised an eyebrow. “Should I?” she asked.
The emperor didn’t have an answer to that question, instead turning back to her clipboard. “If
I may inquire, Jing Ke,” she murmured contemplatively. “What was my self like back in the
singularity? I wish to hear about it from someone who has fought alongside her, longer than
Ren Amamiya has, and familiar with the more unsavory aspects of the empire and war.”
Jing Ke was silent, filling another glass and gulping it down. “I can tell you,” she answered
easily. “If you’ll indulge me a question of my own first: Why does it matter? You’ve made it
clear she’s not you, and vice versa.”
“That is true,” Nero agreed. Then her eyes narrowed and she looked up. “Widen that firepit
even further,” she called out to the simulator. “And move the tables surrounding it away from
it – I will not allow any smoke or ash to disrupt the patrons from their feast!” There was a
flicker in the distance as the simulator acted to accommodate the emperor’s command,
opening up the area and providing more spacing overall.
“Huh,” the Assassin mused, impressed. “I don’t suppose you’ve already created a drinking
area then?”
“Liquor is being arranged at each table,” the emperor pointed out. “And there shall also be a
separate place for drinks. However, there shall be a limit for each person, if only so there
would be enough for everyone.”
Jing Ke let out a guffaw at the answer. “True, true!” she agreed enthusiastically. “It would be
truly regrettable if we drank an entire feast dry before it can be properly conducted! A shame,
but it is understandable.”
She poured out another cup and raised it to Nero. “A toast to your wisdom,” the Assassin
remarked with a good-humored grin before downing it.
Nero couldn’t help but smile at the garrulous woman before turning contemplative. “I believe
my other self had experienced things I never had,” she mused, garnering Jing Ke’s attention.
“Of having my own empire slowly worn away by the tides of battle, watching as my people
turn their backs on me and join my opposition. While such a thing has happened before in my
lifetime, it was through intrigue, poison, and my own faults they had occurred. But for her, it

was through the cruel crucible of war led by those who were just as brilliant – no, even more
resplendent than I am.”
She looked back down at her clipboard and flipped the page again, once more staring at the
figures and feeling discomfort gnaw at her gut again. “My other self was taught harsh lessons
I never had to learn or understand,” the emperor finished quietly. “What I wish to consolidate
those lessons, and bloom even greater as the Emperor of Roses and the Flower of Olympia.”
Jing Ke stared at her for a moment, her expression unreadable, then she let out a chuckle.
“Nice to see your pride is still in form, emperor,” she remarked, reaching out for Nero’s glass.
As the emperor passed it over to her, she refilled both cups. “I won’t tell it to you now – not
when you’ve a job to do. But after that, I’ll tell you everything you want to know on one
condition.”
Nero smiled in amusement. “And what boon would an assassin ask of an emperor?” she
inquired.
The failed assassin matched her smile with a laidback grin of her own. “That you join me for
drinks,” she stated, raising her glass for emphasis. “It’s the kind of story you’d share over
some anyway, and I need another drinking partner. What say you, emperor? Do we have an
accord?”
The emperor couldn’t help but laugh at the audacious yet mundane request. “Drinking with
an assassin – it certainly will be quite an experience,” she remarked happily. “Very well. We
have an accord then!” Reaching over, she clinked glasses with her newfound friend and
downed the spirits, holding back a gasp at the sharp flavor once more. “I must warn you
though, I have high standards for both drink and stories.”
Jing Ke laughed happily. “I shall readily accept that challenge as well,” she proclaimed,
reaching for Nero’s glass once more.
Tamamo had seen much in her time. Delving into one’s thoughts and dreams wasn’t an
unfamiliar practice to her. During that time, the minds she saw often followed a common
pattern: Wealth, power, domination, and women (or men when it came to some minds). With
a few exceptions, they only differed in scale, growing greater the higher someone’s station
was. Sometimes such thoughts were structured and connected when it came to the more
competent ones, and others nothing more than piled like refuse. It became rather trivial to
find whatever she wished in such dreams as she knew where to look.
Which made the sight that she beheld all the more fantastical and unbelievable in
comparison.
Instead of any thoughts or items she normally expected in a person’s mind, two great figures
confronted her. The first was a winged humanoid – dressed in purple plate armor adorned
with a white and gold tabard, he bore a longsword that gleamed like ice. Its fierce yellow
eyes were framed by his short, blonde hair and contrasted sharply with its teal skin tone.
Despite the odd coloring of the figure, Tamamo felt a cold chill down her spine at the aura of
power emanating from the winged humanoid.

No, wait. She knew what this being was: an angel.
The second being was a tall lizard-like man with red scales with a human face. Small, pointed
demon’s wings emerged from his back, smaller than the other’s wings but somehow no less
menacing. In its webbed claws was a trident of silver as it glared down at her, its eyes
emphasized by the metallic headband it wore that had two metallic spikes jutting out. Its
powerful, lengthy tail waved slowly and deliberately, reminding the miko of a coiled snake,
waiting to strike.
No, not a snake or a lizard; this being was a dragon. The realization almost made her break
into a cold sweat. She would have to use several tails and all of her power to survive their
wrath – if that was even within the realm of possibility. She had no way of knowing if there
was any possible way to win here, not in such unfamiliar territory.
“Come on, Uriel, Belial,” came a familiar, joking voice. “I know you guys take security
seriously, but you’re scaring our guest.”
Tamamo turned to see Ren easily striding between them with an easy smile. The two beings
looked over at him, paused for a moment, then simply nodded in assent before stepping back,
raising their weapons in salute and greeting. “Sorry about that,” he apologized. “They’ve
been pretty antsy when they heard about an intruder here. Hope they didn’t scare you too
badly.”
The apology caught her off guard but nevertheless, she shook her head. “N-no, of course
not,” she quickly replied. “I understand such a location requires… security measures.” As she
spoke, she could only take in her surroundings with increasing awe. The hallway had opened
up into what appeared to be a combination of a gallery and a museum. Countless exhibits
lined the halls as far as she could see, a large opening in the middle of the floor allowing her
to see more levels both above and below, with Roman-style marble railings for safety. There
were even elevators in the middle of said opening, connected by levitating platforms of
colored, lighted glass steps. Even the greatest of lords she had met never had mental
landscapes this organized.
The chamber itself wasn’t what she expected either – instead of rectangular corridors as
typical of such locations, the walls curved gently around while still allowing for plenty of
space for both the exhibits and pathways, with uniform distance from the opening in the
middle. The walls she recognized as Chaldea’s walls, but they were painted over with zigzagging streaks of a rather loud red, punctuated by TV screens every so often. And looking
closer, she could see it wasn’t just exhibits either: Rest areas and lounges were dotted
throughout, with even a café right beside the entrance.
What was even more surprising was that they weren’t alone – aside from the two guardians,
there were dozens of creatures of all descriptions populating the place. A few of them were
playing around with the exhibits, a few were strolling or floating about or sitting and relaxing
in one of the rest areas. There were even a few playing cards. The Caster had to duck as a trio
of fairies darted by her, giggling amongst themselves. Never had Tamamo seen such a chaotic
yet structured and detailed mind.

She turned in amazement to Ren, who opened his arms with a broad grin. “Welcome,
Tamamo, to the Thieves’ Den,” he greeted. “I hope it’s to your liking – I’ve done a bit of
redecorating around here lately.”
The Caster blinked several times at the Master before looking back in wonder at the Den.
Finally, she wrenched her composure and cleared her throat. “It is… quite a sight, Master,”
she admitted. “I must admit, most mental landscapes are not nearly as organized or structured
as this. This is incredibly impressive, even by the standards of my time.”
Ren grinned. “Glad to hear,” he replied. “Before I get started on the guided tour, would you
like some coffee? On the house.” He nodded over to the café with a knowing grin.
Tamamo hesitated for the moment, then inwardly sighed. This was Ren’s territory now. If he
truly wished to trap her, then there was very little she could do. “If you are offering, then I
gratefully accept,” she answered with a small bow. The Phantom Thief nodded. Gesturing
with a finger, he led her to the café and opened the door for her to enter. The miko stepped in
– and once more, the surroundings caught her off guard.
The cafe was small and rustic, hardly anything as grand as the entire museum and gallery she
saw outside. Yet it had a sense of warmth and comfort that the outside seemed to lack. Two
empty booths sat on one side while the other was lined with shelves filled with coffee beans,
with a kitchen in the far corner. A counter lined with stools separated the customer from said
shelves. On the far side was a staircase that led up to the second level, but it was closed off
by a thin chain with a small ‘Out of Order’ sign dangling off it. A rather flimsy barrier, yet
Tamamo sensed it was quite unbreakable here.
However, what drew her attention the most was a child. Grey-haired and wearing a grey coat,
he was swinging his feet merrily off the side as he sipped at a small shot glass filled with an
incandescent liquid. It seemed at an innocuous sight, but something about it set her ill at ease.
Was this some other guardian of her Master’s mind? At her entrance, the boy looked up in
curiosity, and she beheld his eyes: Yellow and glowing.
Though she tried to control her expressions, she could feel the fur on her tails stand.
Whatever this boy was, he wasn’t normal. Just how many mysteries was Ren Amamiya
holding?
Speaking of her Master, he glanced over at the child. “Hey, Jose,” he greeted casually with a
happy grin. As he stepped behind the counter, a dark green apron suddenly appeared on his
person as though it had always been there. “Didn’t expect to see you tonight. How are
things?”
“Hey, mister!” Jose greeted cheerfully in return. “It’s pretty good, though traveling is a bit
darker than usual these days. Not as flowers to drink from either. It’s kind of sad, but I’m
hanging in there. Thanks for keeping the place open for me!”
“You’re welcome anytime,” the Phantom Thief replied with a kind smile. Then he blinked as
if remembering. “Right, you guys haven’t met. Tamamo, this is Jose. He’s a frequent guest of
mine here. Jose, this is Caster Tamamo-no-Mae, one of the Servants I’m working with in
Chaldea.”

Jose blinked then turned toward her with eyes as round as saucers. “You’re Tamamo-noMae?” he gasped. “The one known as one of the great calamities of Japan, bewitching
emperor and commoner alike, before finally sealed off in the Sessho-seki? Wow! knew you
were working with really famous and powerful people, mister, but I never thought I’d get to
meet them! It’s really nice to meet you, Tamamo-no-Mae!”
Tamamo froze at the little boy rattling off her legend without a hint of either fear or disgust.
Rather, the only thing she could discern from his tone was innocent wonder and sheer
amazement. Such wide-eyed curiosity… when was the last time she had encountered such a
being that treated her with such? Most treated her either with a good deal of apprehension or
as a tool to be used – and they would be right to do so. And yet this child…
Suppressing her rather mixed feelings towards the matter, she forced a smile and bowed.
“Indeed, I am that humble personage,” she acknowledged. “It is an honor to meet you, Jose.
A Master as capable as my own undoubtedly attracts powerful guests and allies of his own.”
The boy laughed, abashed. “I wouldn’t call myself powerful,” he brushed off. “I’m just on
my own adventure to learn about humanity. It’s been a really fascinating journey – the more I
learn about humanity, the less I understand them.”
The Caster felt a pang in her heart. “Ah, yes, that can happen,” she agreed sympathetically.
“Your journey must undoubtedly be somewhat frustrating.”
Jose blinked in genuine surprise. “Frustrating? Why would it be?” he inquired earnestly. “It
means there’s more to learn and more to discover, both good and bad. My journey, and my
education, is nowhere near over yet. Isn’t that a wonderful thing?”
Tamamo’s mouth fell open slightly at the boy’s honest answer, unable to form a reply of her
own. Her thoughts were broken by a chuckle from Ren, who had been leaning on the counter
and observing their conversation. “Jose’s a pretty unique kid,” he remarked. “And I’m more
than happy to count him as a friend.”
The boy beamed in response. “Thank you, mister!” he exclaimed happily.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “Just telling the truth,” he replied simply. “In the meantime,
Tamamo, what do you feel like? Got plenty of different blends over here, though I’m pretty
sure there’s some matcha lying about if you prefer that.”
The Caster looked between Ren, then Jose, then the café, and finally sighed in resignation.
Trying to keep up with her Master was rapidly appearing to be a fool’s errand. “I trust your
judgement,” she answered wearily, finally sitting at the counter – though a chair away from
the boy. She was uncomfortable with the eldritch child, understanding him about as much as
she did her own Master.
Meanwhile, Jose continued sipping happily at his drink, savoring each taste. If the boy took
any offense to the distance Tamamo made, he made no sign that she could discern
whatsoever.

Tamamo turned uneasily back to Ren, who looked pondered over the beans for a moment,
then nodded confidently. Grabbing a selection from the shelves, the Master walked over to
the machines and began his work, grinding them down and working on the brew with
practiced and comfortable ease.
Every once in a while, however, she noticed his eyes flicking towards the door with
trepidation, almost as if he was expecting a guest. “Is something the matter, Master?” she
asked, wondering both with nervousness and curiosity what would spook him in such a wellprotected mind.
Ren paused, then smiled. “I get pranksters that storm by every once in a while,” he explained
as he waited for coffee to percolate. “They’re fun, but I’d rather avoid the cleanup if I can
help it.”
The Caster raised a questioning eyebrow. “Do... you not have full control of the entities
here?” she asked in surprise.
The Phantom Thief’s smile wavered for a bit. “’Control’ is… not a word I’m fond of when it
comes to my personas,” he softly answered. “Just as they are me, I am them. Rather, it’s more
like they’re my impulses. While I can restrict them, it’s better and more productive to direct
them properly instead and let them – and me – do what we do best.”
The miko frowned slightly at the somewhat vague answer. Before she could continue with
her inquiry, he had placed a cup of dark brew in front of her before setting one for himself.
“Here you are,” he stated with a smirk. “Let me know what you think.”
Frowning slightly, she looked up at her Master in consternation before gently lifting up the
cup. It was surprisingly flavorful, with a rich floral aroma tingling her sense of smell as the
acidity lit up her tongue. Putting down the cup, the aftertaste was surprisingly sweet. It was
certainly a unique brew compared to anything Ren had made before, or even to the teas she
was accustomed to. “This is quite remarkable,” she noted. “What is this?”
Ren smirked. “Panama Esmeralda Geisha,” he answered. “This is a pretty rare bean – it has
the highest bidding price in the International Coffee Auction in Panama and has a limited
cultivation. It’s pricey and hard to find, but the taste is more than worth it, if you ask me.”
Tamamo’s eyes widened as she looked back down at her cup with much greater appreciation
and apprehension. Her Master was undoubtedly aware of rather refined, expensive tastes.
There was no doubt he knew how to serve guests properly… but it also meant that he had
once more read her like a book, while she was still left struggling for the barest hint of an
answer about the enigma known as Ren Amamiya. The brew was as delicious as it was
vexing.
Jose, meanwhile, sampled his own cup. “Oooh, this is delicious, mister!” he chirped. “How
much do I owe you for this one? From how you put it, this seems pretty expensive!”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “I’m putting it on your tab again, Jose,” he simply replied.
“I’m glad you like it.”

The boy nodded, fishing a notebook out of his jacket and jotting it down. The Caster watched
with interest. It was clear that there was some sort of transactional relationship, though what
they exchanged she could only hazard wild guesses. Then she noted as her Master once more
glanced briefly at the doorway in expectation before turning away. Whoever these pranksters
are, they must be rather troublesome if they made him so wary.
For a moment, the café was silent as all three quietly sipped and savored their brews.
Tamamo noticed Ren’s eyes occasionally flicking towards the door still, but it became more
relaxed and less frequent – probably because whoever he was worried about likely wasn’t
about to show. Finally, Ren lowered his cup. “So, Tamamo,” he began, quickly getting her
attention. “You’re here to find out something about me. What would you like to know?”
The Caster blinked several times at the forward, blunt question. Just like that? It felt like a
trap – such offers were always too good to be true – but as far as she could tell, there was no
dishonesty or malicious intent behind his words. Then again, given her Master’s sheer mental
fortitude and mastery of himself, even those indicators could be false. What was his plan?
What did he want? Could she trust literally anything in here?
The pause seemingly notified Ren of her ruminations as he sighed and ran a hand through his
hair. “I get that you don’t trust me, which is fair enough,” he admitted. “I’m probably pretty
different than most people you’ve dealt with. So, I’ll make a small promise to you: If you’re
candid with me about whatever you want, I’ll be candid with you about my answers –
including if I can’t provide them. Will that work for you?”
Tamamo was quiet for a moment as she considered his words. “Why?” she asked.
“Hm?”
“Why are you going out of your way to trust me?” the Caster asked quietly. “You know not
what I am seeking – though undoubtedly you could surmise it given enough time and
prodding. Nor do you know what I will do with the information you’ll provide me. I am
currently in your mental landscape, where no matter how structured and detailed your mind
is, it is incredibly difficult if not impossible to conceal your thoughts should I decide to take a
closer look.”
Her golden eyes met his dispassionate grey ones. “Why are you going to such an extent?” she
inquired. “What do you gain from this?”
Ren was silent for a moment, then he smirked. “What I want and stand to gain is simple:” he
replied calmly. “Your trust. And I can’t gain that if I don’t extend my own in turn. I make it
sound simple and to you it probably isn’t, but that’s really all it is. No more and no less.”
He leaned back against the shelves behind him with an understanding smile. “It’s your call,
Tamamo. Door’s still right there if you wanna head out.” The Phantom Thief nodded to the
café door for emphasis.
Tamamo was silent. She was acutely aware of the boy staring at her in curiosity as both of
them awaited her answer. Her Master did indeed make it sound simple, and yet it was hardly
anything simple for her. That concept had been sullied long ago, and even now she only

trusted in what she could see, hear, or experienced – and even then, those could still very well
fall out from under her.
But… he was giving her the chance, for no greater – or lesser - reason than because he trusted
her. It was a foolhardy notion, true, but it was made in earnestness and for their mutual
advantage. On every level he was appealing to her, to the point where she found it difficult to
muster up any counterarguments.
She could only laugh bitterly to herself. Trust her Master to wield his honesty as deftly as his
knife.
Finally, she made her decision. “Very well,” she quietly agreed. “If that is the case, I shall be
candid with you. I wish to know what you believe in. Your morals, the root of it all, your
desires and dreams. I wish to know it all so that I know what I’m supporting and share in it
with you. No matter how often I speak with you or observe you, those questions have always
confounded me. I hope you will enlighten me in turn.”
The Phantom Thief blinked several times, then burst out in a hearty chuckle to her surprise.
“Oh, that’s what you wanted to know?” he cheerfully replied. “Sure, I can show you all of
that. It’s a bit of a long story though, so we’ll be around for a while. Once you finish your
coffee, we’ll be on our way.”
The Caster’s mouth dropped open, her ears twitching in surprise. “Just like that?” she
spluttered. “You… you have no qualms about showing such a thing?”
Her Master shrugged with an easy grin. “We had a deal,” he stated. “You were candid with
me, so I’ll be candid with you. Hopefully you’ll get your answers – and I’ll also be happy to
deal with any more questions you might have as they pop up.”
Tamamo simply stared at Ren, at a loss for words. This wasn’t anywhere close to how she
expected this to play out. As she tried to reconcile her thoughts, Ren nodded down at her
coffee. “Might wanna finish that before it gets cold,” he added with a teasing grin. The Caster
blinked and continued sipping at her coffee, barely reining in her impatience so she didn’t
simply chug it down like an uncouth barbarian. It would be a shame not to enjoy such a
spectacular brew.
A few minutes later, everyone’s cups were empty. Ren picked them up and deposited them in
the sink, where they simply vanished into thin air. “Alright, let’s get a move on,” he stated.
“Jose? You wanna come with?”
Tamamo looked at the child, who considered for a moment before shaking his head. “Maybe
next time, mister,” he declined. “There’s a few more things I wanna try out here before I get
going. Thanks for the offer though!”
Ren nodded without demur. “Sounds good,” he acknowledged. “In that case, see you when
we see you, Jose! As always, put whatever you order on your tab!” Having said his piece, he
stepped out from behind the counter – his apron also vanishing as he did so – before walking
entirely out of the café.

The Caster glanced at the door before turning back and bowing slightly to Jose. As perturbed
as she was by the child, she couldn’t forget her manners. “It has been a pleasure to meet you,
Jose,” she murmured. “I bid you a good evening.”
Jose grinned in response and waved. “It was nice to meet you too, Tamamo-no-Mae!” he
chirped. “Please, come visit again! I’d love to hear some stories from you when there’s a
chance!”
The Caster forced a courteous smile. “If it is within my power,” she replied. Bowing once
more, she exited the café while trying to suppress the shivers down her spine. As fascinating
as her Master’s mental landscape may be, she currently had no desire to visit again. Being at
the whims of her Master in this manner was not an experience she wished to repeat.
Meeting up with Ren, they began walking past the exhibits. As she did, she couldn’t help but
observe curiously the various creatures that populated her Master’s mindscape: A small
snowman that happily marched passed her with a hearty ‘hee-ho!’ A multicolored being
adorned in a red robe observing a painting in what appeared to be an exhibit of an art gallery.
A white tiger and a shiisa napping in a meadow during the sunset.
Meanwhile, another being floated toward them: A darker-skinned, winged woman with a
seductive smile. “That was remarkably done, trickster,” she purred despite her lips not
moving whatsoever. “It was rather regrettable it was cut short.”
“Duty calls, unfortunately,” Ren answered with a grin. “But take some credit, that all was a
good part your work too.”
The woman giggled in response. “Very well, I shall,” she purred. “But as you are occupied
now, I will not keep you. A good evening to you, trickster.”
“Same to you, Lilim,” the Phantom Thief replied.
The Caster watched her float away, then looked back at her Master. “May I ask what she
speaks of?” she inquired.
Ren paused in consideration, then smirked. “I could answer, but that would very much steer
everything off topic,” he honestly answered.
Tamamo’s eyes narrowed in annoyance at the Phantom Thief’s mischievousness. Before she
could prod further, however, they stopped in front of one exhibit. Looking over curiously, she
saw a far younger Ren sitting at a dining table. The boy’s expression was muted and
controlled as he kept his head lowered – whether in sadness or shame, she couldn’t quite
place. Across the table were an adult man and woman. They were sitting down with faces
that were both stern yet oddly expressionless. In front of them was a test paper, turned toward
Ren, with a large ‘73’ written in red ink in the corner.
“Your childhood?” she guessed quietly.
Ren smiled ruefully and nodded. “Yep,” he confirmed. Tamamo watched as her Master
walked toward the exhibit – then stepped into it, to her surprise. The Phantom Thief looked

back at her and, to her surprise, motioned with a nod to join him. She hesitated for a moment,
then stepped into the exhibit as well. As she did so, the entire world suddenly lurched around
her, throwing her off balance. Just before she fell over, everything fell still, giving her the
opportunity to collect her bearings and observe the situation.
As she looked around, she could only feel astonishment by what she saw. Whereas before it
had just been an exhibit, she was now standing in the very same living room it depicted.
There was even a cold setting sun, its orange glow filtering through the windows and warded
off by the interior lighting. The only indication that she hadn’t been transported somewhere
else entirely was a large, rectangular portal that led back to her Master’s mental landscape.
Turning around, she could see the younger version of her Master seated at the table, his
expression despondent yet hollow as he stared down at the table. Across from him were the
parents. The father was a stern-looking man with short-cropped hair. From his button-up shirt
and slacks, he likely had just returned home. While the mother looked more fashionable,
judging by her longer, well-maintained black hair and bracelet on her wrist, her beauty was
incredibly cold, akin to a sculpture made carved from rock or ice.
She frowned. This sight wasn’t unfamiliar to her in the slightest - which made it even more
surreal to see her Master leaning up against the table, staring up at the ceiling with his back to
his parents with a neutral expression.
“Explain yourself,” the man calmly demanded, his eyes boring into the boy.
The younger Ren gulped, his hands fiddling with the corner of the chair. “Th-the test had qquestions about stuff we d-didn’t study,” he stammered. “I w-wasn’t sure how to-“
“I don’t care what you did or didn’t do,” the woman interrupted sharply. “The point is, we
thought we raised you better than this. Whatever the reason, this result is utterly
unacceptable.”
“My subordinates have asked about you several times. I normally don’t mind talking about
you, but this?” The man tapped the large, red number for emphasis. “This kind of result will
make me a laughingstock.”
The boy meekly nodded in understanding as he shrunk further in his chair. Despite how
familiar this kind of scene was, Tamamo felt a pang of pity echoing in her chest. She glanced
over at her Master, who continued to look up at the ceiling with an impassive expression. If
he seemed affected by the memories, he wasn’t showing it on his face.
“I believe there’s nothing to discuss here,” the woman stated curtly. “You have until the next
test to bring your results up – a 95 at minimum. Anything less and we will no longer consider
you our son, with all that implies.”
The younger Ren immediately looked up in abject shock and disbelief. He desperately
searched their faces and eyes to see if it was some sort of bluff or lie – and finding none.
“You’ll… what…?” he breathed, his words barely even audible.

“We have no need for a child who cannot perform up to standard,” the man elaborated
coldly. “If your results are of no concern to you, then you are of no concern to us. Your
welfare will be solely your responsibility afterward if you cannot fulfill your obligations. Are
we understood here?”
Tamamo looked back at the boy, whose mouth worked as he tried to form some sort of
answer, his shock and despondency finding nothing but the icy indifference of his ‘parents’.
Finally, he looked back down at the table, his tiny hands curling into fists as tears began
streaming from his eyes. “Yes,” he whispered.
The woman nodded. Without another word to her son, she stood up. “I have an appointment
in about thirty minutes,” she announced, looking over at her husband. “Shall I pick up some
of those breads on the way home? I think I’ll be right on time to receive a fresh batch.”
Nodding the man smiled – the first break in expression Tamamo had seen since the memory
began. “That sounds good to me,” he agreed. “I’ll get started on dinner after reviewing a few
documents.”
Both adults left the table, chatting and making plans, leaving the boy sitting at the table
without any further thought. Eventually, the younger Ren slowly stood up, pushed his chair
back in, and silently began walking upstairs to his own room. The Caster watched as he
slowly looked back pleadingly at his parents – a silent plea that went completely unnoticed.
Finally, he looked back down and glumly walked up the stairs.
At that point, the teenaged Ren snapped his fingers. In an instant, everything froze like he
had hit the pause button on a movie. “Meet my parents,” he stated, getting up from the table
and nodding over to them. “They never really cared too much what I did, but they always
checked on my grades. While they were mostly calm so long as I got above an 85 or so,
anything below usually got me that talk.”
He smiled – a bitter expression compared to use his usual carefree or mischievous
expressions. “I don’t think this was the first time either, come to think of it.” he added
contemplatively. “All I knew at the time was that they were serious about it.”
The Caster blinked several times. “And how often did you bring home such… mediocre
results?” she inquired.
The Phantom Thief paused as he dug through his memories. “I think that was my… second
one for the school year?” he recalled. “It was for English, funnily enough. I could never
really get the proper hang of grammar – too many contradicting rules. Still tried and managed
to get some better results by the skin of my teeth though.”
Tamamo nodded contemplatively. The boy’s upbringing was certainly different than she had
imagined. It wasn’t anything she hadn’t seen before – plenty of nobles and aristocrats treated
their children in such a manner, including disowning them entirely should they fall even
slightly short of expectations. After all, having another child was a trivial matter, whether by
natural means or adoption – as was getting rid of one.

No, what surprised her the most was the sheer contrast of circumstances compared to her
Master. It was nothing short of astounding.
“Don’t believe me?” Ren guessed, observing the Caster’s expression with a wry smile.
The miko opened her mouth to deny it, then after a moment’s consideration closed it. They
had promised to be candid with one another, after all. “I find it difficult to believe such an
upbringing would result in a… unique personage as you, Master,” she confessed. “Normally,
it would result in more, shall we say, hollow individuals.” Ones that were extraordinarily easy
to manipulate, in her opinion. All it took was a few whispered loving words, an affectionate
touch or two, and they became little more than clay to be molded as she saw fit.
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “You’re not wrong,” he agreed. “I knew they were serious, and
it kind of became the foundation of our relationship. They fed and clothed me, even bought
me things to keep me entertained and compliant. In return, I improved their reputation as the
‘ordinary son.’ No less, and definitely no more.”
He stepped up to his parents, looking between the two of them dispassionately. “To the
outside world, I was just a normal boy with decent grades and regular hobbies,” he recounted
coolly. “I had a few friends and worked hard in school. Heck, I even tried out for the football
team – though the fact I stepped on the ball and fell flat on my face probably tanked my
chances for that.”
Tamamo couldn’t help but giggle at the image despite the melancholy atmosphere. “It is
admittedly difficult to imagine you being quite that clumsy, Master,” she admitted.
“Hey, I had to learn to be graceful somewhere,” he replied, this time giving Tamamo a more
relaxed grin. “As long as I didn’t stand out too much, it really didn’t matter. I did try my best
but great results got me a ‘good. Continue.’ at best, so I stopped trying or giving a damn.”
Shooting one last look at his parents, he sauntered through the portal and out of the exhibit.
The Caster took one last glance at the entire scene, then followed him out. Unlike before, the
sensation of the world spinning was absent. Turning back around, the scene had become what
it was before: Nothing more than one exhibit among the countless others in Ren’s mindscape.
“Other than that though, for the most part, my life was pretty ordinary,” the Phantom Thief
elaborated as he began walking again, leaving Tamamo to follow. “But things happen and life
can change. It was definitely the beginning of the wildest – at least, at the time – part of my
life.” He stopped in front of another exhibit, letting the miko stare curiously at the scene
depicted – and her eyes widened as she immediately recognized it.
“This was the false arrest you mentioned, was it not?” Tamamo quietly asked.
Ren nodded. “Yep,” he quietly confirmed. “Where it really all began.” He stepped into the
exhibit and smiled over to the miko. Taking that as her cue, the Caster followed after him and
frowned slightly at the dizzying sensation as the world around her warped and changed once
again.

They were standing at a nondescript street. The sun had set beyond the horizon, plunging the
sky above them in a deep shade of azure. The streetlights had come on, bathing the location
with stark brightness to combat the encroaching darkness of night. Aside from the distant
sound of cars, it was quiet save for the chirping of insects.
Then Tamamo turned around – and blinked several times as she beheld two of her Masters.
One was frozen in place, dressed in far more ordinary clothes: a long-sleeved shirt, beige
trousers, with a backpack slung over his shoulder. The other one stood beside him, dressed in
the white Chaldean uniform and observing his other self closely. Now that she had looked,
the Ren of the past looked… younger, yet more tired than his current self. Time had a way of
changing people, it seemed – a fact she knew all too well.
“Hm, I definitely didn’t look as good back then,” he murmured, a hand to his chin. “What did
Futaba call Mishima that one time? An NPC? Can’t believe that would apply here…”
Ren’s odd observations of himself had the Caster blink several times both in confusion and
consternation. “Is right now truly the time to consider your appearances, Master?” she asked,
a tone of admonishment creeping into her voice.
“I mean, considering this was me only a little more than a year ago, I think you can let this
slide,” Ren shot back. Nevertheless, he stopped observing his past self as he looked around.
“I had just finished hanging out with some pals,” he explained, his eyes misting over a bit in
recollection. “Things were going alright at that point: My scores were decent enough, with
the occasional dip and the ‘conversation’. Studied hard, played a bit, even talked about the
cute girls at school. I was pretty ordinary back then.”
Tamamo raised an eyebrow. “You, ordinary?” she remarked flatly before she could stop
herself. “Even after this, that is the part I find the most unbelievable.”
The Phantom Thief burst out laughing, “It’s true though!” he protested through his chuckles.
“Up until this point, I was just some ordinary guy! My only concerns were the math exams
coming up next week!”
He finally got his laughter under his control as his smile became melancholy. “But life has a
funny way of going about things,” he murmured. Without further ado, he snapped his fingers.
Suddenly, everything came into motion as the younger Ren began walking down the street,
rolling his shoulders. It was an utterly mundane scene, a regular day like any other.
Tamamo was about to question her Master when she heard a commotion – a woman’s
distressed yelps coupled by a man growling ill-temperedly. Glancing over, it was clear the
younger Ren heard it too and picked up his pace, going towards the source of the noise. That
was a reaction the Caster hadn’t expected; with the upbringing he had, it made sense else if
he walked away. It wasn’t his affair after all. And yet, despite that…
A low chuckle seized her attention. She turned to her Master, who was fondly watching his
younger self run off. “I’m surprised you moved on your own initiative,” she remarked
quietly.
“So was I,” Ren admitted.

They quickly caught up and saw a bald, middle-aged man grabbing a woman by the arm. The
past Ren stepped forward and placed a hand on his shoulder with the intention of pulling him
away. Instead, the man spun around and threw an incredibly sloppy punch, one the younger
Ren easily stepped away from. Tripping over his own feet, the vagrant fell on his face and hit
his head. Now that Tamamo had a closer look, she could see the bright red complexion of the
man and wrinkled her nose in disgust: Drunk. Of course he was.
Then she watched it all unfold: The man snarling at how their lives would be ruined at a
whim from him and threatening the woman into making a false declaration: That Ren
randomly assaulted him and pushed him down.
She watched as officers showed up on the scene due to complaints of a public disturbance.
She watched the hollow shock and dismay on Ren’s face as the woman provided false
testimony and the officers recognized who the bald man was. She watched as the officers
hauled the boy into their police cruiser nearby, his face still that of blank, uncomprehending
dismay as the woman simply looked away, unable to meet his eyes, while the man watched
the arrest play out with a vicious smirk on his face.
During that time, Tamamo’s impassive expression had not changed even once.
Finally, as the door slammed on the cruiser, Ren snapped his fingers again to freeze the scene
in place. “Meet Masayoshi Shido, the next prime-minister to be,” he explained, nodding to
the bald man. “Drunkard, womanizer, and all-around asshole extraordinaire. I’ll admit, I was
really unlucky that the one guy I stopped had that much pull, but I guess that’s what happens
at times.”
He glanced over at Tamamo, his normally mischievous grey eyes now devoid of emotion as
he observed her. “What do you think?” he asked out of curiosity.
The Caster for a moment didn’t answer, instead turning her gaze toward the man. There
didn’t seem to be anything remarkable about him, in her opinion. His glazed eyes and smug
countenance betrayed both his malevolence and low intelligence. She noted his cheap, ruffled
suit that mimicked more costly cuts as well as the tacky yellow sunglasses that lay broken on
the ground.
All in all, while she had no liking for him, she found him utterly mundane. During her life,
men like Shido were rather commonplace on every level of society, from commoners to
nobles. If someone like him was all it took to create people like her Master, then there would
undoubtedly be countless Ren Amamiyas running all around the world – a thought that was
rather terrifying to even contemplate. How someone so ordinary became the catalyst that
created her Master ultimately eluded her.
“Not impressed?” Ren asked with a wry grin as he observed the miko’s expression.
Tamamo flinched slightly at being seen through easily, then sighed. She had debated at least
slightly dressing up her opinion, but at this point it would be unproductive. “I’m afraid not,”
she confessed. “Men like Shido you can find anywhere, both in my time and yours. He is
rather unpleasant but ultimately rather ordinary. If he truly was the reason that you became

so… remarkable, Master, then logically there would be many others like you as well, no? As
it stands, that is my only, rather nonsensical, conclusion.”
The Phantom Thief burst out laughing at her bluntness. “You hit the nail right on the head,”
he agreed. “Honestly, you’re not wrong – guys like him are a dime a dozen. The kind of guys
who step on other people’s heads and shove them down if it means they can get ahead in life,
ethics or compassion be damned. Ones who wouldn’t hesitate to condemn some damn brat
who tried to do the right thing and twist the arm of his victim to do so, then continue with
their lives without so much as a second thought.”
His grin widened as he looked back at Tamamo. “And that’s exactly the problem,” he
concluded.
The Caster blinked several times. “Well… yes,” she replied slowly. “But that is simply how
society is, is it not? There is little one can do about it, unless human nature is changed
entirely to ignore their ambition or greed – a task that is about as futile as catching a moon
reflected in a still lake. Even you cannot change that, Master, as competent and able as you
are.”
To her surprise, Ren smiled enigmatically. “Come on,” he called over as he walked towards
the portal back to his mindscape. “There’s a few more exhibits I want to show you.” The
Caster’s eyes widened. While this could still be some sort of fabricated narrative her Master
had crafted, she couldn’t help but be intrigued still, wondering where it would all lead up.
Without any demur or argument, she followed after him as they stepped out of the exhibit and
continued walking.
Walking down the aisle some distance (with Tamamo dispassionately staring back at a group
of angels that floated by with glares at her), it wasn’t long before they came to another
exhibit. This one was distinctly different from the others. While the last two had a modern
setting, this place looked like a stone dungeon of a castle. Ren was there, pinned to the wall
by what appeared to be an inhumanly large knight while another knight sent a second boy –
about Ren’s age, with spikey blonde hair – sprawling. Overseeing the scene was a middleaged man with curly hair, clothed in a pompous crown and kingly cloak, underwear… and
nothing else.
“This is… a rather different locale,” the Caster remarked, unable to find the words to
properly convey the sheer contrast she beheld.
Her Master grinned. “This is what happens when you make a left turn when you should’ve
taken a right,” he joked a bit before walking toward the exhibit. This time, Tamamo didn’t
hesitate and simply entered the exhibit alongside Ren. The world lurched once more andThe dungeon was more… cloying than she expected. The entire place was lit up by some sort
of faint pink aura, a tint that made it rather nauseating to witness. Her ears twitched as she
heard the gurgling of some sort of stream nearby – as well as distant tortured screams of
young men from elsewhere in the dungeon. This entire place disgusted her, but she withheld
her opinion for now. This wasn’t what she was here for.

Turning to look, she could see Ren’s younger self being pinned to the wall by two knights.
Yet again he looked different: A black school uniform complete with plaid pants (she idly
wondered what Nero would say about such fashion), he looked considerably thinner and
paler as well. It was clear the stress from the arrest had not done wonders for his health. What
was notable was that he wore glasses now, which softened his normally sharp eyes
considerably. She wondered if the effect was deliberate.
Meanwhile, her actual Master was leaning up against the bars of the cell, observing
everything impassively. She had to admit, it was impressive how he seemed to accept all
these traumatic events without, as far as she could tell, either diminishing or overplaying their
effects. Most anyone else would’ve done so. It was a trait that most Servants didn’t have –
and she was no exception. She would admit that much, at least.
“What’s the matter? Are you simply going to watch? Are you forsaking him to save
yourself?”
A deep, familiar voice echoed throughout the cell, startling the Caster. Looking around, it
was clear that nobody could hear it except her – and, judging by the younger Ren’s shocked
reaction, him as well. Then a moment later, she recognized the voice and her eyes widened. It
took a good amount of effort to remain quiet. Looking toward her Master, she saw the smile
curl his lips as he stared hard at his younger self. So, this was“Death awaits him if you do nothing. Was your previous decision a mistake then?”
“It wasn’t,” both past and current Ren hissed out without hesitation as the former’s hands
tightened into fists. Tamamo’s eyes flicked back and forth between the two before turning
back to his past self. She knew a momentous occasion like this needed her full attention if she
wanted to understand her Master.
“Very well,” the voice declared. “I have heeded your resolve.”
Suddenly, the past Ren began writhing and groaning in agony. “Vow to me,” it demanded. “I
am thou, thou art I. Thou who art willing to perform all sacrilegious acts for thine own
justice! Call upon my name – and release thy rage!”
The fur on the Caster’s tails stood on end. Sparing a quick glance at her Master, she saw him
whispering the very same words the voice spoke as his grin widened in what could only be
described as fervent madness. “Show the strength of thy will to ascertain all on thine own,”
the voice commanded with a power beyond that of fate. “Though thou be chained to Hell
itself!”
“Execute him!” the middle-aged man playing at being a monarch had barked out the order
with all the severity and dignity of a yapping dog. Nevertheless, the knights, large and
imposing, silently carried out the order. They approached the blonde boy and raised their
blades, the sharp cold steel glinting in the horrid lighting. Tamamo frowned slightly in
disgust but otherwise held her tongue, simply watching the scene unfold“That’s enough!”

The voice of the past Ren rang out through the dungeon room, catching the pathetic monarch
and his knights off guard. The former turned around and sneered at the young man while the
other knight released the blonde boy. “What was that…?” he snarled disdainfully. “You desire
to be killed that much? Fine.” Receiving a nod from the man, the knight that had been
pinning Ren struck the young man with its shield, knocking off his glasses.
As the knight raised its sword to finish the job, there was a gust of wind that suddenly
erupted from the past Ren. The miko raised her arm to shield her face like the others. When
the gust passed, she saw something had appeared on the young man’s face: An elegant, white
mask. He grasped at it in surprise, then began pulling but it was fastened tight to his face.
Nevertheless, he kept pulling and pullingThen finally, with a scream of agony, he ripped the mask off his face, tearing away at the
flesh underneath it as blood fountained into the air. Then he looked up, a grin borne of
madness adorning his face as his entire body was consumed by eldritch blue flames. Dark
laughter echoed as the knights, the monarch, and the blonde boy stared and backed away in
terror.
Then the flames lifted off of the past Ren, who was now adorned in a new outfit: A black
long coat and trousers, with a black vest, punctuated by startlingly red gloves. The eldritch
flames coalesced and solidified themselves into a red winged figure with the hat, a being
Tamamo immediately recognized: The boy’s guardian that had greeted her outside her
mindscape. Then her Master’s past self raised his hands, the guardian unfurled its wings, and
the resulting blast of power sent the knights crashing against the wall as the pathetic monarch
fled with his tail between his legs.
Then there was a snap and everything paused once more. “And that was the beginning of…
well, not everything, but a lot,” her Master finished, getting up from where he was and
casually sauntering over. “Hope you’re not finding this too dull, Tamamo.”
At the teasing remark, the Caster regained her senses. “It is… impressive, I must say,
Master,” she admitted. “Your other, meek appearance did not suit you whatsoever. This is
what I expected from you. That said…”
Ren noticed her hesitation and glanced over with a raised eyebrow. “Something the matter?”
he asked.
Her tails swished erratically behind her as her thoughts raced. She stared at the younger Ren
Amamiya, now dressed like a gentleman thief while bearing a mad grin on his face, with this
blazing guardian right behind him, ready to face their enemies no matter who they may be.
This figure, this being, was something she was all too familiar with: That inner darkness
within the unconscious minds of all living beings, from beasts to mortals to gods. The
fragments of the cosmic mother, the great essence buried in the depths of the world's
immaterial sea of souls.
Long had she struggled with the parts of herself these fragments embodied, doing her utmost
to suppress it so that she could be better than the being she used to be. And yet, Ren was able
to harness it – no, that term fell miserably short. He was able to wield it, bearing it like a

mask and controlling it. And most of all, it encouraged him to be better, to embrace those
dark impulses and use them for the sake of his own justice.
Her golden gaze bore harder into the cognitive replica of her Master’s guardian. Such a thing
was unheard of in her lifetime. Or rather, it was borderline inconceivable. Was this like when
she was Amaterasu and she split herself into nine fragments…? No, even that wouldn’t do for
a comparison. There was nothing like it that she knew of. Had mortals really changed that
much and she simply hadn’t known? Or was Ren Amamiya simply, once more, an exception
as he had demonstrated countless times already?
She gulped subtly, a lump sliding past her dry throat. Just what precisely was her Master?
“How…” she rasped before clearing her throat, blushing slightly in embarrassment. She
hadn’t meant to be so caught off guard by the recollection. “How did it feel when you first
unlocked that power? I must admit, it looked rather… unpleasant.”
Ren was pensive as he stared at his former self, a very stark contrast to the mad, exhilarated
grin. “It was,” he admitted. “First you get the headache, like your brain suddenly grew claws
and it’s trying to tear out of your skull. I’m not gonna lie, it hurts. A lot.”
He chuckled ruefully in recollection. “All my friends had to go through that too and I’d argue
it’s the worst part of the process,” he elaborated. “You can still hear and understand your
shadow speaking to you during that time, though – which is just as well since they take their
time with it.”
Tamamo thought back to when she saw her Master’s younger self writhing in pain despite the
guards doing nothing besides pinning him down and nodded. That certainly would explain
his reaction.
“After the headache is done, your mask appears on your face,” he elaborated. “The
representation of everything you hide behind to avoid showing your true self – and you have
to take it off. You know that it’s gonna hurt, almost excruciating, but once you’ve made that
step, you just know with every part of your being – you can’t keep wearing it. No matter how
much it hurts, no matter how much you’ll bleed, it needs to come off. So you’ll keep pulling
at the mask. You’ll pull and pull and finally, you tear it right off.”
The Caster nodded faintly. Hiding behind a mask, either literally or metaphorically, was
something she was all too familiar with – which only terrified Tamamo even more. This
wasn’t something that should be possible, especially with someone’s darker self. If she wore
such a mask, she doubted she would ever be able to rip it off on her own terms.
They were silent for a moment as Tamamo ruminated. “And what of your guardian?” she
gently asked. “How did you feel about him?
“Like a huge load had been taking off my shoulders.” Ren’s smile broadened. “He’s my other
self, and being able to focus that into someone as powerful and versatile as Arsene is always
handy.” Smiling fondly, he looked up at Arsene, frozen in place with his wings unfurled.

The Caster nodded slowly. That answered one question, at least – but frustratingly, several
more had popped up in its place. More answers were yet needed.
“…Between this and your arrest, some time must have passed, yes?” she began. “I must ask,
was there perhaps anything positive between then and this moment? You said you had no
regrets for your valiant action – there must have been some sympathy or support for it.” For
something like this, even one word of praise would justify that answer. It would be
delusional, but she would at least understand that.
Instead, the Phantom Thief gave a bitter smile and shook his head, to the Caster’s surprise.
“Nope,” he bluntly answered. “Pretty much anyone that knew me – friends, family friends,
teachers, and tutors, even people I regularly saw at the store – either cut ties with me, acted
like I didn't exist, or just pretended they didn’t know me as soon as news got out. As for my
folks, aside from telling me they’re kicking me to Tokyo, they didn’t even bother so much as
looking at me afterward. Guess that shattered whatever image they had conjured up of me to
others and made them look like clowns.”
He finished with a small, hollow chuckle as he ran a hand through his hair. Meanwhile,
Tamamo’s mouth opened slightly in shock and confusion. “There’s… there’s nothing?” she
asked again. “Nobody believed you had done the right thing and instead universally
condemned you? Then… then how do you not regret it? How were you able to answer your
guardian without hesitation?”
The Master looked over with a raised eyebrow, but Tamamo hadn’t finished. “All your
chivalry and kindness has done was deprive you of what comforts and social standing you
had,” she continued. “And even then, you had not accomplished anything! For all you know,
after you were arrested, that man could simply have had his way with that woman anyway,
now blackmailed into compliance. In the end, you only succeeded in making your life
miserable. So why…?”
Her voice petered out as Ren stared at her, his sharp grey eyes impassive and unreadable.
Believing she had shown too much of her hand this time, she opened her mouth to apologize.
Only for the Phantom Thief to tilt his head in consideration, then smiled wistfully. Instead of
immediately answering, he stepped toward the cell door, which opened without a touch.
Curious, Tamamo followed. They stopped right outside, where the cell opened up into an
entire section of a dungeon. The cells were mercifully empty – it was clear Ren and his friend
had been the only prisoners at least in this section. In the middle, the stone floor plunged to a
small stream below. Ramshackle bridges dotted it up and down, connecting both sides of the
stream as various cages of all shapes hung, suspected in the darkness above.
“… You’re right,” Ren agreed. “I could’ve walked away. It wasn’t my business to begin with
and I had a lot on my plate. I could’ve just ignored everything, kept my head down, and kept
playing the good boy and dutiful son that my parents wanted. All I had to do was just turn
around.” Then his smile widened. “But before I did that, I realized something.”
Tamamo blinked owlishly. “And what would that be?” she inquired.

Her Master looked over and she saw the manic grin that spread on his face. “That I hated it,”
he stated bluntly. “I hated being just the ‘good boy’ who’s just a trophy to his parents. I hated
what Shido was doing. And most of all, I would hate whatever version of myself I would be
if I knowingly just ignored all of this so I can stay safe and not cause a fuss.”
His smile wavered as he looked back down at the blonde boy, who was staring up at his
cognitive self and Arsene in pure terror. “Especially if it would’ve cost me the people I came
to genuinely care for,” he murmured.
The Caster stared at Ren. “But… in that time, you didn’t succeed,” she pointed out quietly.
“You only came to harm. You still do not regret it?”
Ren grinned and shook his head. “Not then, not now, and not ever,” he confirmed without
hesitation. “If it gets me in a lot of trouble, then so be it. Call it my own selfishness and
idiocy, sure, but better that than being someone who won’t do the right thing when the
situation desperately needs it. It doesn’t matter if it accomplishes nothing, or if the only result
is pain or even death. I won’t stand being someone who doesn’t fight back against injustice,
no matter what.”
Tamamo’s eyes widened as her mouth fell open slightly in shock. Comprehending and
reconciling what she saw with what her Master declared was difficult. She heard of such
ideals before, but only as lip service or childish dreams at most. Everyone sought and even
spilled blood for their own gain, no more and certainly no less. And yet here was Ren, willing
to sacrifice everything… simply for such a childish ideal?
“… If that truly is the case, Master,” she whispered. “Then you are undoubtedly an absolute
fool. One who is willingly blind to the cruelty and apathy of the world. All you will achieve
is your self-satisfaction, no more and no less – and you would drag others into it too. You are
charming enough for that. You have experienced it firsthand and have learned nothing. No,
you have instead reinforced your own selfish beliefs.”
The Phantom Thief waited until she finished her tirade as he stared down at her,
expressionless. “… But?” he asked, sensing a continuation.
The Caster took a breath. “But… I believe there is something I’m still missing,” she stated.
“You may act foolish, but it is clear you are no idiot. Nor are you so selfish as to drag others
along with you to a road filled with nothing but damnation. So I ask you again, Master – what
is your ultimate desire and goal? You say it is for self-satisfaction and while I do not doubt
that is the case, there must be more to it than something so base or simple.”
A smirk creased Ren’s face before he stepped out of the exhibit and silently beckoned.
Tamamo narrowed her eyes slightly and followed him. This time, instead of going past any
more exhibits, they stepped onto the glass platforms in the opening instead. Despite having
no rails or safety measures, they both walked with ease as though they were on solid ground.
Reaching the elevator, it began ascending once they entered, the various floors and exhibits
zooming by.
The Caster could only observe with no small amount of curiosity simply the breadth of the
location and the varied experiences her Master had gone through. Though she had promised

herself she wouldn’t come back, she couldn’t help but wish she could explore this mindscape
more thoroughly. Noticing they were slowing down, she turned around in question to find
they were near the top.
“We’re here,” Ren announced.
They stepped out and were greeted by an enormous exhibit before them. Standing on its own
platform was a gigantic golden chalice that dwarfed both her and her Master. It was of an
unorthodox design – there seemed to be metallic braces encompassing the chalice, bound
together by machinery, while it was surrounded by golden wing and feather designs. Even
though it was a still object, it nevertheless radiated a certain majesty and power.
To Tamamo, it gave off a similar feeling as that winged humanoid – Uriel – that accosted her
at the entrance. But this being felt far more restrictive, to the point of suffocating.
It took the Caster a moment to find her voice. “… to clarify, Master,” she finally spoke. “You
told us you had not participated in a Grail War, correct?”
Ren smiled humorlessly and shook his head. “I didn’t,” he confirmed. “But you’re
technically correct – we were fighting against a Holy Grail. One made to grant the wishes of
the public.”
Before the miko could inquire further, he snapped his fingers again. The world exploded into
white as she felt that lurching feeling again. As the light lifted, she found herself standing in a
circular area. The walls were lined with jail cells, all glowing with a red light and shrouding
the prisoners within. In an instant, she realized with shock where she was: A panopticon
prison. In the center of it all stood the same gigantic golden cup. This time, a pair of golden
gauntlets, their hands almost unnaturally open, flanked it on either side as a number of golden
chains flowed from the walls and connected to the base of the Grail, the lengths utterly slack
yet still undeniable in their grip.
In contrast, facing the Grail were a group of teenagers, all rather garishly dressed and
wielding various weapons – and at the front was her Master, dressed in the black coat and
white mask that she had seen him in the last exhibit. They looked so small in comparison to
what they faced, the defiance they showed was unmistakable.
“Meet the Holy Grail – or as he calls himself, Yaldabaoth,” Ren replied. The Caster turned to
see her Master staring at the golden chalice, his disdain and defiance clear on his expression.
“The self-proclaimed god of control. As you can see, he took the form of the Holy Grail to
grant the wishes of the people – or what he believed they wished for, anyway.”
“… And what did they wish for?” she asked, her voice faint, unable to tear her eyes away
from the artifact before her. This being, this Holy Grail, felt… familiar. Far too familiar. Gods
were meant to fulfill prayers and wishes, after all. Just as she had done so, lifetimes ago.
The Phantom Thief frowned slightly. “They wished for someone to rule over them,” he
answered, keeping his tone as neutral as possible. “For someone they could fob all
responsibility to. Someone to think and decide for them. They wanted to be liberated from

choosing, from living their own lives, from thinking and believing – in themselves and in
others. To them, a prison would be their paradise.”
The Caster blinked in confusion a few times, then her eyes widened. “Then this is-“ she
began, staring at the cells around her.
Ren nodded in confirmation. “This was their paradise,” he confirmed, unable to keep the
disgust from his voice. “They were safe. And because they were safe, they were happy. To
that end, the Grail created a ‘game’ I was unknowingly made to participate in: To see if the
people wanted security or change.”
He smiled humorlessly. “But as always, gods always have to make sure they win – including
by rigging the entire game,” the Phantom Thief remarked. “He twisted public opinion, doing
everything he could to negate our results, even forced someone like Shido to still be elected
after confessing everything in public – all so he could be right. To that end, we defied and
fought with everything we had.”
Then his smile widened. “Though he didn’t make that easy,” he added.
Suddenly, everything began quaking around them. Her Master observed events impassively
as the walls and floor fell away, both to the teenagers’ and the miko’s surprise. As they
parted, the evening sun shone through and revealed the vast expanse both above and below
them. They were in the skies now, where no shadow or darkness could reach them. This was
clearly the enemy’s territory.
The wings that decorated the Grail suddenly outstretched, bursting open through the
machinery and revealing the ‘head’ of that geometric nightmare she had seen before. With an
ominous, machine-like humming through the air, the being ascended, far larger and far
greater than the exhibit had displayed. It utterly dwarfed both them and the other teenagers to
insignificance.
Tamamo’s eyes widened in both wonder and terror. “Heavens…” she gasped.
Her Master snapped his fingers again and suddenly, everything came to life. The teenagers
sprang into action, fighting against the divine being. Using their own guardians, they blasted
the godlike being with magics similar to Ren’s own while Yaldabaoth countered with his own
abilities, cast from those items it held in its spindly arms. To her surprise, she recognized
many of the guardians – or rather, personas - by impressions if not appearance: From the
legendary Monkey King to the Greek Titan of Forethought. She even noticed her other
Master, Morgana, with the Roman God of Messengers at his side.
And then she blanched at the blue-skinned sword-wielding Persona. He may have a different
appearance, but she recognized the form of the God of Storms Susano’o almost immediately.
The god was apparently wielded by a slight raven-haired young man dressed in loose black
clothing and wearing a white mask reminiscent of a fox, complete with a tail. It wasn’t as
fluffy as hers, not even close, but she felt a small kinship regardless. He also wielded a katana
as well, the blade flashing out elegantly and glinting coldly in the fading sunlight. The only
thing that clashed with his rather traditional garb was the assault rifle he whipped out at
times, firing at the being in bursts.

“That’s one of my friends, Yusuke,” Ren commented with a warm smile, noticing where
Tamamo’s gaze had wandered. “A man who’s given himself heart and soul over to his art and
companions. He’s pretty traditional, though he can be pretty unorthodox and eccentric.” His
smile widened. “He tends to go by the moniker of ‘Fox’ during our missions,” he added
wryly.
Tamamo’s ears twitched at the information. “Fox?” she echoed, now watching the boy fight
with renewed interest as cast ice magics, freezing over several parts of the false god. He
called himself one of her own and even bore a flattering resemblance, yet the fact he bore a
persona she had some familiarity with brought no small number of mixed feelings, to put it
mildly.
She shoved aside her personal feelings. Susano’o didn’t matter to her, nor was this the time to
get distracted. Tearing her eyes away from the boy – Yusuke or Fox as he was called – she
found Ren also fighting. Unlike his companions, he switched between different beings with
dizzying speed, casting a wide array of abilities as he bombarded their foe with magic, blade,
and bullet alike.
As they battled, however, her ears twitched as they caught another sound, faint but growing
louder. Cheers and roars from the cityscape below. She turned to Ren in question, but her
Master simply flashed her an enigmatic smile before turning back to watch the battle play
out. At first it sounded like a few raucous fans, but more gradually joined in until it became
an overwhelming wave of sound.
It was as if she beheld a theatre or stage play of the greatest proportions. The audience roared
as each blow was evaded and cheered with each successful hit as light, flames, ice, steel, and
other magics danced in a filigree of splendor. They cried out as Yaldabaoth pulled out more
implements and tools and roared as the Thieves, struck by the sins from the false god,
occasionally turned on one another or simply were incapacitated. Each time one of them was
knocked down, those below gasped in horror – and their cheers redoubled when through
magic or through grit, they stood up once again and kept fighting.
Despite everything she had witnessed, despite the sheer power and enmity she could sense
from the godlike being, she couldn’t help but feel even the slightest sliver of hope and desire
blossom in her heart. Like the audience, she couldn’t help but cheer for them in her mind.
Their sheer grit, to seize their victory from this angelic abomination and strike it down. An
impossible battle, perhaps, but is challenging the impossible not what heroes are meant to do?
And indeed, it seemed like the Thieves were making headway into their battle. Victory was
within their reach.
Then there was a vicious, powerful pulse of dark light – and all of them were all blown off
their feet, badly wounded. Then they were blasted again. And again. The audience cried out
in terror and were silenced as the Thieves were nearly defeated with all the ease of a person
swatting a fly.
“… You are losing,” Tamamo commented faintly, watching as the God of Control fired upon
them all. In the end, she knew this would be the outcome. If this being was what the people
wanted, with their combined cognition and resulting mystery that came from their belief, then

it was the inevitable conclusion. She knew all too well what it was like to make so many
people one’s foes, no matter what one wished or wanted.
She bit the bottom of her lip as she remembered the armies upon armies that marched out to
subdue her. By then, she wanted nothing more than to be left in peace. But fate had not been
kind to her before, nor had it been kind to her then. In the end, she could only wash blood
with more blood just to protect herself, until she truly became the monster they all feared.
That was her inviolable conclusion, just as her Master’s fight was here.
“Yaldabaoth had a point,” Ren admitted to her surprise. “The will of the people is a powerful
thing, one that even we had a hard time defying. If things played out how he wanted, then
we’d have lost here, disposed of, and everyone would be bound in their comfortable prisons
of control until the end of time.”
Tamamo looked over at her Master – and to her surprise, found him smiling wryly again.
“But I like to think people can change,” he remarked. “And a lot of the time, it starts small.”
Turning around, he strolled to the edge of the platform, leaving the confused Caster to follow.
The two looked out over the city landscape, so tiny and distant below them. Silence reigned
after seeing the Phantom Thieves so viciously destroyed despite their best efforts. Then a
single voice rose into the air. At first, there was naught more but that one amongst the
emptiness, soon to be suppressed like a candle in a windstorm.
Then before long, another voice joined that single call, shouting to the skies. Then a third,
and a fourth. Soon, even more began raising their voices in turn. Before long, there was a
unanimous, raucous din that roared to the very heavens themselves. Her ears twitched as she
listened to them all in surprise and awe.
The people were cheering: Cheering for her Master and her companions. They were cheering
for the Phantom Thieves.
A sudden pulse of power from behind caught her attention. Whirling around, she saw her
Master’s Persona – Arsene – appear once again. The past Ren reached forward and grasped
the ever-present chains that floated around the being and with a mighty pull, shattered them.
The red-coated being roared as the cerulean flames blazed forth in an inferno – and they
disappeared, leaving behind only blue sparks. That seemed to be the end of it, yet the Caster
could only feel a cold sweat of anticipation and trepidation down her back.
Then the skies darkened as distant thunder rumbled.
Turning again in trepidation, Tamamo beheld as a being, infinitely greater and vaster than
even the false god, descended. A being of pure, unmitigated darkness, silent yet liberating to
the greatest degree possible. Dressed in what could only be considered a lord’s attire, it wore
a helmet with golden horns and dim, crimson eyes. It was matched by great pauldrons that
ended in claws, and on its back were six great pairs of black wings, starting off feathered
before tapering off into demonic hide. Above its head was a circling halo, lined with demonic
wings.

The being’s very presence caused her to inadvertently take a step back both in awe and terror
before turning her wide eyes to her Master. This was what dwelled inside Ren Amamiya?!
“Pillage them,” commanded the past Ren. “Satanael!”
“What I ultimately want, Tamamo,” her Master began, seizing the Caster’s attention as he
began walking towards his past self. “Is simple and complicated. What I want is freedom.
And not just for myself.”
Both him and the past Ren raised their hands. In the latter’s case, motes of light – the wishes
and wills of the public – gathered into his hand, transforming and solidifying into a gun.
Something the current Ren did by pantomiming a finger gun. “I want that freedom for
everyone,” he declared. “The freedom to choose for themselves, to think for themselves. To
choose what and who they want to be responsible for, and the freedom to bear the
consequences of their decisions for good and bad.”
Lifting their respective guns, they pointed it at Yaldabaoth – and Tamamo watched with sheer
awe, terror, and some distant spark of hope as Satanael raised his own gigantic rifle in turn,
training the barrel right at the god of control’s head. “And to the tyrants who wish to deny
people that freedom, that choice over their own lives and destiny?” he continued. “I only
have one thing to bid them.”
“Begone.”
The demon lord fired, the bullet pierced the god’s head, and all that was left was a sound like
the shattering of glass and bells.
The Phantom Thief turned around and smiled as Yaldabaoth fell behind him, dissipating into
nothing. “That is what I want, Tamamo,” he finished. “I want that freedom for everyone – for
good and for bad.”
Tamamo’s mouth dropped as she listened to the words of her Master. Freedom? That was
what he wanted, not just himself but for everyone? She knew what giving absolute freedom
meant – she knew it all too well, in fact. It wasn’t a gift, but a curse. One that would turn
gods into monsters and men into beasts. It was the pinnacle of idiocy and foolishness, one
that she would decry until her throat ran raw and she could no longer speak.
But as she watched the God of Control fall behind him, she considered more carefully. He
had never said absolute freedom. He said freedom of choice, freedom of responsibility, and
the freedom of consequence. To choose what burdens one would bear, as he said, for good
and for ill. It was what he wanted for everyone, a world where everyone wasn’t beholden to
another, greater power – be it their superior or to their society as a whole. A world where
people could decide their freedom and all that it entailed. As the idea sank in, the miko only
had one conclusion.
“… you are mad,” Tamamo whispered. “Completely and utterly mad. What you are asking
for is no paradise or utopia – nor can I even denounce it as an instigator for bedlam and
insanity. It is a complete impossibility you dream of. Even if you had a thousand Grails over
a thousand lifetimes, you will never even come close to achieving such a dream. Gods,

humans, beasts: they do not – cannot – work in that way. To believe even for an instant
otherwise is the pinnacle of foolishness. Ren Amamiya, you surely cannot be such a fool. Are
you?”
Ren chuckled. “If you think it’s complete insanity or idiocy, I can’t blame you,” he agreed
easily. “But I don’t care. It’s what I’m chasing, for myself and for everyone else. That’s who I
choose to be, with that very freedom I desire for you, me, and everyone else.”
The Caster froze. “… for me?” she echoed faintly.
The Phantom Thief nodded, turning to Tamamo with an earnest smile. “For you too,
Tamamo-no-Mae,” he confirmed. “That freedom to choose who you ultimately want to be,
independent of anyone else, and to accept the consequences that come with it. That’s what I
fought so hard for and will continue to fight for. No less.”
He turned and smiled as Morgana began glowing. “I’ve already taken the first step towards
that, after all,” he pointed out cheekily as a bright light flashed, blinding the miko.
When it faded, they were back in the museum again, standing in front of the Grail. “Anything
else you wanted to know, Tamamo?” he asked.
The Caster stared at Ren with wide eyes. Countless thoughts, questions, and recriminations
ran through her mind, but there was no throughline she could pick out. None that
immediately existed without some heavy pondering, anyway. She had absolutely no doubt
her Master was mad – no, beyond mad. He held an utter delusion, a fantasy beyond a fantasy,
one that was impossible to attain no matter what he did!
And yet, the image of the demon lord blasting a hole through that angelic abomination was
seared into her eyes. The cheers of the people still rang in her ears. And above all, the words
of her Master. That freedom he was aiming for, no matter how impossible or futile. Could she
believe, perhaps even for an instant…?
“I have… no further questions,” Tamamo admitted demurely. “There is much I have to
consider after all you have shown and told me. How I can best serve you as a Servant, with
you as my Master.”
A tired smile spread across the miko’s lips. “I believe you have been told you are a truly
troublesome Master, Ren Amamiya,” she remarked. “Permit me to echo that sentiment. You
are as troublesome as you are remarkable.”
Ren couldn’t help but laugh in amusement. “Yeah, I get that a lot,” he easily agreed with a
grin. “But if you’re that impertinent, I take it you don’t have a problem anymore with me as
your Master?”
The Caster hid her mouth behind her sleeve while shooting the Phantom Thief a mischievous
look. “If you believe that was impertinence then you are more inexperienced than I
expected,” she shot back as she hid a smirk. “At the very least, you will require someone to
keep you from floating off into the clouds as you pursue your madness. Whether all of us are
enough for the task, even I can’t say.”

The Phantom Thief grinned. “Well, I look forward to what you have in mind, then,” he
replied. In his heart, he felt a new arcana forming – a Reversed Priestess this time. Well, he
hadn’t expected that, but given Loki was a Reverse Fool, it was clear Servants were different
beings altogether. He had to hide his excitement. He couldn’t wait to see what these bonds
would bring.
“Tonight has been rather fruitful, so with your permission, I shall take my leave,” Tamamo
announced with a small bow.
“Granted,” Ren replied with a smile. “Rest well, Tamamo. We’ve a busy day tomorrow.”
“Indeed, we do,” the Caster agreed. “Good evening to you as well.” With that, she turned
around and vanished as she withdrew her presence from the Thieves’ Den and Ren’s
mindscape, leaving him alone in the den once more.
Ren breathed a small sigh of relief as his body relaxed. It had been a difficult balancing act –
bringing Tamamo into the Thieves’ Den had been a considerable risk. Convincing her wasn’t
beyond the cards – he had done so with Sae back in the interrogation room when he had only
two hours to work with. Compared to that time, when he didn’t have the Den and its myriad
resources at his disposal, this was practically cakewalk in comparison. No, he knew he would
be able to convince her.
The risk was with those who dwelled within the Den. He was certain the contract with Draco
had no loophole that she could show herself, but there was no guarantee of it. Inviting
Tamamo had been a gambit to test the boundaries of the contract and see her reactions.
Throughout the night, he had been keeping a wary eye out for her presence, ready to push her
into the furthest reaches of her mind if need be. Instead, she had been completely absent. He
hadn’t noticed even the faintest flicker of her presence during Tamamo’s time here.
While the gambit had been a success to his relief, it wasn’t something he wanted to try again.
The less opportunities for Draco to show herself, the better. In the meantime, he had done
what he set out to do. It was time to get what rest he could. Relaxing the hold on his mind,
the Thieves’ Den melted away into the void of slumber. Darkness took him, and he knew no
more.
The morning came far sooner than Ren would’ve liked. Pale sunlight filtered in through the
screen windows, illuminating the hut in a cool glow. It was still comfortably warm inside
thanks to the burning talisman and the newly rebuilt house, enough that he was fine with
snuggling into his sleeping bag further and dozing back off. It wasn’t the most luxurious of
conditions, sure, but he could sleep anywhere without too much of an issue if it was comfy
enough.
He still remembered getting harangued for dozing off on top of the library bookshelves that
one time. It wasn’t his fault it was a nice, quiet location where he wouldn’t be disturbed.
Still, he knew he had no choice. With a small sigh, he unzipped the bag from within and sat
up with a yawn, blinking his eyes blearily to try and clear sleepiness from them. He
wondered if he could at least make some coffee. Sure, it would be the instant stuff but it was

better than nothing. He’d just choke it down while appreciating what small flavors it still
retained, as well as either jerky or some packed MRIs for breakfast.
Ren chuckled to himself. Sojiro would either be complaining about the lackluster coffee or
laughing at how spoiled his appetites had become – though it was definitely the old man’s
fault it became spoiled in the first place.
As he stretched and rolled his shoulders, he casually turned – and saw Tamamo there on her
knees, her eyes closed as if in sleep. Suddenly, memories of last night trickled through. Right,
she did visit the Thieves’ Den the night before – or rather, she tried to intrude on it and
instead was simply shown in by him. It had been a rather interesting evening and
conversation they had, going over his past experiences. Ones he hadn’t shared with anyone
else yet, not even Mash. It had been refreshing.
Still, to think the Caster had the temerity to try and barge into his mental space like that – one
of the few areas that he indisputably called his own. She hadn’t suffered any worse
consequences than a bit of a scare, but that couldn’t be enough, could it? There needed to be
some further retribution and recompense for such an act, one that emphasized how it
wouldn’t be tolerated. It seemed like a fair response: She had knowingly done something she
knew he wouldn’t approve of, after all. This was the natural conclusion.
His bleary eyes traveled up and down, taking the miko in. The Caster was a great beauty, as
befitting of her myth. Her tails and ears looked incredibly soft, enough that he wanted to run
his hands through their luxurious fur. She must take great pains maintaining and brushing
them. The faint scent of autumn leaves reached his nose, something he hadn’t noticed before.
Was that a perfume or a natural scent from her? It was enticing either way.
His eyes traveled up to her bodice, where her pale, unblemished skin gleamed in both the
sunlight and the fire, gracefully curving down. How tempting would it be to run his hands
over them? He wondered how she would take it if he simply pushed her down? Her below
him and him ready to seize her as he wished? The more he imagined it, the more his desires
burned. The idea sounded… pleasurable, to put it mildly. Why not indulge a bit? It was just
desserts for Tamamo’s crimes, after all. Slowly lifting his hand, he reached toward Tamamo
and hooked his finger over her topSuddenly, his eyes snapped open and he yanked his hand away as he scrambled back. He
stared in horror at Tamamo, who seemed to still be asleep, looked back down at his hand,
then closed his eyes tightly. What the hell was that? Desires were all fine and well, but that…
that wasn’t him. He would never allow himself to indulge in something that disgusting. He
wasn’t Kamoshida, and he would sooner slice off his own arm than ever allow himself to
drop to that level.
Then his mind quickly put the pieces together. The emphasis on lust and temptation, clouding
his morals and what he truly desired for himself and for others. He could only think of one
being that could influence him in such a manner.
“Draco.”

A soft giggle caught his attention. “My, so close, so close~ It’s a shame, really – you would
have had a most delightful time.”
Whirling around. Ren glared at the figure of Draco, who sat on a nearby chair in a corner. A
gentle, sardonic smile curled her lips as she rested her chin on a hand. “What are you playing
at, Draco?” he snapped.
The Beast Candidate’s smile widened. “Why, nothing but the natural course of events,” she
responded as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. “She intruded into your own
mindscape with the intention of gleaning your secrets – without your permission I might add
– and she thinks to get away with it? I believed the naughty fox was in need of some
discipline. Consider it a small service from one who shares this space with the owner.”
A chill ran down the Phantom Thief’s spine as realization sank in. “You were aware and
watching the whole time,” he stated.
Draco giggled. “I never left,” she confirmed. “By the rules of the contract, I’m not allowed to
interfere with you and yours – not unless I am directly mentioned or inferred. And thus, I
have kept to it: I had not shown myself then to Tamamo-no-Mae. I simply observed from afar,
making sure she had not noticed me. I had not bothered to hide myself from you, but I’ll
admit it was amusing watching you try to find me the whole night.”
“Still, I will admit my… annoyance,” she continued. Standing up, the light shone through the
semi-transparent red gossamer garb she wore, clearly illuminating her curvaceous body
underneath as she stepped forward. “Playing with fire is no new act for you, Trickster, but this
prank of yours… well, I can’t leave such a challenge unanswered, now can I? I’m not nearly
as demure as your other personas, after all.”
Crouching down, she traced a claw underneath Tamamo’s chin. “So, I thought I’d…
encourage a few temptations you might have,” she purred. “After all, this fox here had tried
to invade your mind and thought to leave without any punishment. She of all people would
understand that should not be the case – nor do I think she’d mind if she was punished. Foxes
like her are rather… lascivious creatures, after all. All they require is a little push.”
“She receives the punishment she rightly deserves, and both of you can indulge yourselves in
each other to your hearts’ content,” she finished with an amused, malevolent grin. “You can
even include the others if you so wish – all they require is just a few choice words and a push
as well. A rather efficient solution to your problem, wouldn’t you agree?”
Ren glared at Draco. “And it’s also something I’m not interested in the slightest,” he snapped.
“You’re going to have to try a little harder than that if you want me to fall for such things –
and you’re still not gonna win.” He forced a grin at Draco – one similar to the one he bore
when he first summoned Arsene. “I’ll make sure of that.”
“So you say,” Draco simply replied, her smile not diminishing in the slightest. Ren huffed as
he turned away and moved toward the entrance. A small walk before breakfast should clear
his head from this entire affair.
“Why did you stop?”

Ren froze and turned to see Tamamo eyeing him curiously. “If you wished to claim or punish
me,” she murmured. “It would’ve been my just desserts for intruding into your mind in such
a manner. I would not have minded, both as your Servant and as a woman. Is there something
about my figure you find dissatisfying?”
The Phantom Thief froze as he heard an amused chuckle from the back of his mind. Rallying
his composure, he smiled as he shook his head. “I don’t treat anybody like that,” he declined
softly. “Especially not my Servants. You’re not tools to me, but allies and friends. Exacting
‘punishment’ that way… isn’t something I want to do. Just don’t do it again, and I’ll consider
it square for now.”
Tamamo stared at him for a moment, then lowered her head in acceptance. “A shame,” she
murmured under her breath, though the Master was still able to hear her. “Then as
recompense, perhaps I can at least make you breakfast?” she suggested. “I might be able to
make something a bit more palatable than what field rations you have brought.”
Ren blinked a few times, then gave a genuine smile. “That would actually be great,
Tamamo,” he accepted. “I’m going for a small walk to clear my head a bit, then I’ll take you
up on that. Will that work?”
The Caster nodded. “Of course, Master,” she replied with a small smile. “I look forward to
your return.”
The Phantom Thief nodded and finally stepped out into the morning light. He took a deep
breath, the scent of salt and brine filling his nose and lungs, and exhaled, feeling a bit of the
tension leaving him. He turned toward the docks – and found Draco leaning against the house
with a wry smile on her face.
“Did I not say?” she stated simply.
“Not another word,” Ren growled as he stomped by her. The sound of the Beast Candidate’s
laughs filled his mind as he walked toward the docks, where most likely Loki would be
waiting with their schematics and blueprints.
They had a very long day ahead of them.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 115: Bake-Kujira - Pt. 3
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

Weaker doesn't mean lesser.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

As evening approached, the skies turned from a drab white and gray to a deep shade of
cerulean and azure. Throughout the entire day, the weather had been overcast, the sunlight
pale and cold as cold winds blew in from the sea. The waves became rougher, swelling in
light crests and then dipping, but were still calm enough to traverse without much issue even
for an inexperienced boatman. All in all, it was so far smooth sailing.
Since the morning, the day had been spent crafting the ship. With the blueprints Loki
provided, Tamamo transfigured the decent salvaged lumber and materials from the
shipwrecks and ruined houses into usable materials. The Avenger guided and coached what
parts went where, Ren and Marie moved to either get them in place or add whatever
adjustments were needed, and Joan aided with the heavier lifting on top of that.
Despite the initial grumblings, the group worked together rather well, aided considerably by
the trickster god taking their job surprisingly seriously. By mid-afternoon, most of the ship
had been constructed – and the Servants essentially booted Ren off construction of the ship to
go rest. “I believe we had made it clear last night, monsieur,” Marie said sternly. “We require
our Master at his full strength if we are able to do this – and you have been working hard
today already, non? ”
“Marie is right,” Tamamo spoke up. “I shall be around later to see to whatever needs you
might have, but for now it is best you do not strain yourself too much until it is time to set
off.” The Servants glanced over at the Caster curiously at her marked change in attitude
towards the Phantom Thief, but none of them made a comment at the moment. This wasn’t
the time.
“Come on, guys,” Ren tried to argue as he wiped the sweat from his forehead, ignoring the
splinters in his palms. “I’m not that tired. And it’s pretty fun-“
“What the others are too polite to say is that you’re in our way,” Loki stated bluntly. “And
you’ll only be in the way more if you’re going to drop dead from exhaustion on the spot
before we can even set out. So get going, ‘Master’, or I’m gonna have Joan punt you into the
nearest house.”

“You make it sound like that’s my idea of fun,” Joan grumbled. Nevertheless, there was a
spark of interest in her eyes that made Ren nervous, enough to set down his tools and duck
into a house to rest. He ended up using that time to meditate, which was rather relaxing. It
certainly allowed him to be more mentally focused and prepared for the hunt, at least.
While the ship had been finished well before the sun had set, there were other preparations
that had to be made: Tamamo had been enchanting the entire ship so that Marie alone could
sail it, as well as preparing water walking and warding talismans. Marie had also taken it for
a test drive so adjustments could be made. The Caster would leave nothing to chance.
“A Bake-Kujira is incredibly dangerous, especially on its home territory,” she had warned. “It
is utterly foolhardy not to take any and all necessary precautions, just in case.” Ren was more
than willing to defer to the Caster on this front – dealing with yokai was one of her expertise,
after all. And after everything that transpired last night, he was willing to put his faith in her
in turn. If that was what Tamamo believed they needed to do, then he’d back her up.
But with all the preparations made and Marie trained in how to properly sail the ship, they
were on their way. Ren stared out over the sea on the portside, staring at the dark ocean
waters below, only barely visible now thanks to the lanterns hung throughout the ship. He
couldn’t even remember the last time he had been on a ship. Despite the seriousness of the
situation, he couldn’t help but be the slightest bit excited over the whole affair. There was
something about sailing out on boats that set his boyhood dreams alight. If there was one
thing he was missing, it was…
“You see anything interesting?”
The Phantom Thief blinked as a frowning Joan approached. He smiled and shook his head.
“Not much so far,” he admitted as he turned back to the ocean. “I was actually kicking myself
for not bringing a fishing rod. There’s probably some good catches here – nothing as good as
Morgana’s swordfish, probably, but I was hoping I could at least catch something like a tuna
for him. And with any luck, it’d be extra fatty too.”
The Lancer blinked several times. “You…” she began. “We’re about to hunt a haunted whale
and you’re thinking of… fishing? At a time like this?!”
Ren grinned mischievously as he looked over. “Hey, we’re on the seas,” he pointed out. “Is
there a better time to think about it? Honestly, you should give it a shot.”
Joan glared in response. “And why the hell would I think that sitting down with a stick and
string waiting for a fish to bite would be a good use of time?” she snapped. “If I have to catch
the damn things I have plenty of spears for that – or just catch it with my hands if necessary. I
don’t get what the hell is so important about fishing.”
“Hey, don’t knock it till you try it,” the Phantom Thief gently admonished. “It’s a good way
of calming the mind and organizing thoughts, plus a good method of training patience. It’s a
lot handier than you think. Besides, you even get yourself a nice snack if you manage to
catch something. Win-win, if you ask me.”

“He speaks true,” Loki interjected from his place in the crow’s nest above. “Fishing is a
hallmark of many cultures for a reason, and not just because it was a reliable source of food.
Many disciplines, mental and physical, were honed from such a craft. Insulting it simply
because you don’t understand it – I do not expect you to be an idiot, Lancer. Don’t give me
reason to think of you as one.”
As Joan bristled at the Avenger’s sharp words, Ren looked up at them in mild surprise. Loki
met his gaze, flashed a sardonic grin, then resumed keeping watch. The Phantom Thief had to
chuckle in response. Now that he thought about it, he never asked Akechi if he went fishing
or not. No doubt it would have ended up becoming yet another competition between the two
over who would get the bigger or better catches.
He laughed to himself again. Well, Morgana had caught a swordfish. That would at least be
his goal for now.
“I’ll pass,” Joan grumbled, running a hand through her hair. Then she paused momentarily
and looked down at the ship contemplatively. “Where did you learn how to do carpentry?”
she asked suddenly.
Ren blinked, then shrugged. “I had a worktable back in Tokyo where I made Phantom Thief
tools,” he explained. “Different tools and materials, but many similar concepts if you know
where to apply them. Why do you ask?”
The Lancer was quiet for a moment, then sighed in irritation as though she made a decision
she knew she wouldn’t enjoy. “You mind teaching me about making stuff?” she asked. “I felt
like I was… going somewhere with making the ship here and maybe it'll be another thing to
explore. Or maybe not. Either way, it’s something.”
The request caught him off guard. He opened his mouth to respond“ Monsieur Ren?” Marie called over. “A moment, if you would.”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “Be right there,” he responded. He smiled as he placed a hand on
Joan’s shoulder as he walked by. “Glad to teach you whenever we get back,” he answered
happily. “After we’re finished with the hunt.” An annoyed grunt from Joan was his only
response, to his amusement.
Walking back to the stern, he found the Rider happily humming at the wheel of the ship, her
cheerfulness contrasted only by her steady, careful hands on the apparatus. She still wore the
wide-brimmed reed cap she had found in the village instead of her usual red hat. Tamamo
stood beside her, holding up a talisman and observing it carefully. “How are we holding up?”
Ren asked. “How’s the ship?”
Marie beamed. “The ship is quite a marvel to sail, thanks to dear Tamamo’s enchantments,”
she chirped. “I must say, this is all a rather new experience for me, and I have all of you to
thank. So, merci beaucoup!”
“I’m pleased to hear you’re enjoying yourself,” Tamamo murmured without looking up. “But
do be aware this is no pleasure cruise we’re on, Marie. The situation may change sooner than

we’d like.”
The phrasing caused Ren to raise an eyebrow. “We’re close?”
The Caster nodded. “Very,” she replied. Now that Ren looked, her talisman was becoming
progressively dirtier and filthier. “I have been using this to trace and absorb impurities in the
air and guide the ship to wherever the source seemed strongest. Just now, the absorption rate
has increased exponentially, which means-“
“We’re almost at the Bake-Kujira’s territory,” Ren finished for her, to which Tamamo nodded
in confirmation. “I’ll let the others know to get ready for fighting. Marie, we’re gonna be
entering some rough waters – think you’ll be able to hold up?”
The queen grinned in response. “This shall be my first time sailing through such waters, but
France has fared against enemies from the sea countless times,” she remarked. “This shall be
no different. Vive la France!” Emphasizing her point, she pointed at the sails. Filling with
artificial wind at her command thanks to Tamamo’s talismans, the ship picked up speed.
The Phantom Thief grinned at the temerity of the queen. “I expected nothing less,” he replied
easily. “I’ll let the others know so we can get ready.” Walking off, he quickly found Joan and
Loki more or less where he had left them. “We’re approaching its territory,” he announced.
“Brace yourselves and get ready for anything.”
Loki gave a lackadaisical wave from their perch, but Ren could still see them shift, now more
alert. Joan meanwhile stood up from where she had been leaning on the railing. “I’ll head to
the prow and intercept it if it tries something,” she reported before stalking off as her banner
and blade appeared in her hands. Ren watched her leave, then glanced upward at the
darkening sky. Fighting during night in the ocean… he had challenging arenas before, but
this would certainly be a first.
Then the boat lurched. Ren quickly drew his knife and it transformed into a pistol as he
readied his personas, ready to fight and react as necessary. But… there was nothing. In fact,
that was precisely the problem. Gone were the waves and currents that had been splashing up
against the boat. Instead, it felt like they were sailing on smooth, untouched waters.
Compared to the constant bobbing from the ocean waves before, the stillness and serenity of
the ocean felt utterly eerie and unnatural.
Then the stench reached Ren – and he immediately grasped at his nose and mouth as he did
his utter best to not immediately vomit out his innards. Wherever this scent was, it smelled
beyond rancid, like rot and decay mixed with algae, fish, and gods know what else. It was a
stomach-turning odor that he dared not even breathe through his mouth in genuine fear of
having whatever filth infested here enter his body. ‘ T-Tamamo?’ he gasped out mentally. ‘
Any chance you could use that air filtering charm on us again?’
‘ I never took it off,’ the Caster answered grimly. ‘ I have increased the potency of them as
much as I can, however. You should be able to breathe now – though unfortunately some of
the stench may still permeate through.’

Ren gulped and took a cautious breath through his nose – and gagged. It still smelled like
refuse, but at least he didn’t feel like his insides might rot if he breathed it in too much.
“Thanks Tamamo,” he called out in relief. “But… this is not normal, is it.”
“It is not, Master,” Tamamo confirmed. Her tracking talisman had turned into nothing more
than a piece of garbage that she disposed of with a flash of flame. “The grudge and power of
the onryō has festered here for gods know how long. I must emphasize immediately: This is
no ordinary yokai we are contending with.”
“Yeah, had a feeling about that,” Ren muttered. Peering over the edge of the ship, he looked
over at the waters: Completely still and stagnant. Unlike the dark blue of the ocean, it was a
murky, putrid green, mottled with sick reds and browns of algae and bacteria colonies. He
could also see the long rotting corpses of fish and people alike, floating lifelessly. He didn’t
dare look at them any closer. Even the worst horror movies he had seen couldn’t compare.
“ Loki, Joan, ” he called out mentally. “ Got anything?”
“ Ugh, just gratefulness I didn’t eat anything today,” Joan snapped. “ Even during France, I
don’t recall any scene like… this. This place shouldn’t exist.”
“On that, we can agree,” Loki growled. “ If this is why Artemis sought to have us hunt this
creature, then at least I can understand her reasoning. A being like this would cause far too
much harm if left unchecked. We need to put it out of its misery.”
“Glad to see we’re all on the same page for once,” Ren couldn’t help but snark. “ Everyone
stay sharp, and don’t move too far from the ship if you can help it.” There were thoughts of
assent from all the Servants before they all settled down into a wary, watchful peace. “
Tamamo, anything else you can tell us about the Bake-Kujira or its territory?” he asked.
“ I have told you as much as I could,” the miko replied. “ Though I never have had much
experience against one, they are formidable onryō with powers over water and plague. They
only grow stronger the older and more potent their grudge is, and with a territory this size
and potent, it is clear that this particular Bake-Kujira is more powerful than many of its
peers. Your idea for a boat to serve as bait may draw it into the open – a godsend compared
to trying to comb through this vast territory. However, it may also serve as our doom.”
“ Which is why I have Marie at the helm and you guys taking up positions,” Ren retorted
with a grin – then winced again at the stink. “ Not the first time we faced insurmountable foes
and probably won’t be the last. Just don’t spook yourselves and we’ll make it through this.”
“You truly are becoming a fisherman,” Loki drawled. “ You even have their occasional
suicidal confidence down. This will most certainly be entertaining.”
“Heads up,” Joan called out. “ The waters are shifting.”
At the warning, Ren rushed over to the side of the boat to see what was going on. Indeed, the
water underneath them seemed to be swelling and bulging up unnaturally instead of
becoming a wave. The Phantom Thief’s eyes became blood red once more as he activated his
Third Eye, trying to see through the rancid waters – then he winced. The entire ocean was

almost glowing red, assaulting his eyes. He thought he could make out a brighter blotch of
red light, but it seemed to be far underneath. They certainly weren’t in any danger of the
whale breaching from underneath or nearby. So what could it be…?
Then the waters suddenly caved inward at unnatural speed and shape. It hadn’t even twisted
into a funnel or a whirlpool – the water simply sank inward as if it had caved in the middle.
The bottom plunged down, soon becoming a bottomless abyss even he couldn’t see the
depths of. As far as he could judge, the ‘hole’ in the ocean was about a kilometer wide –
more than wide enough to trap them in.
But that wasn’t the immediate issue. The water had dipped so quickly and so suddenly that
despite the ‘smoothness’ of the drop, the ship hadn’t dipped along with the water. Instead, it
was held aloft by the force of momentum for a moment as everyone comprehended their
situation, any speech or thought silent at both the enormity and absurdity of the situation
before them.
Then gravity took hold, and the ship began plummeting.
“SHIIIIIIIIIT!!!”
The coffin chamber was abuzz with activity. Morgana and Ritsu had managed to complete
their hunts at a similar time and so were being summoned back. Da Vinci had excused herself
from the Command Center – which had become Artemis’s temporary dominion and was
being overseen by Roman – to make sure there hadn’t been any complications with the
rayshift. Any power fluctuations or spikes could result in a disaster and considering the sheer
volume and frequency of what was being sent back to Chaldea, she figured a more personal
touch would be needed.
The Uomo Universale watched the readings at her console as the coffins glowed, working to
bring the Masters and Servants back. She had set separate coordinates for their prizes in the
simulator at spots designated by Nero. Otherwise, it had been a minor matter of maintaining
their existences and ensuring the power systems would hold out. Some of their generators
had overloaded, necessitating emergency repairs. They certainly wouldn’t be attempting this
kind of simultaneous deployment again anytime soon.
Finally, the first batch of coffins stopped glowing as they finished bringing back their
occupants. She skimmed their vitals to make sure everything was fine, then with an everpresent smile, pressed the button to unlock their coffins. They hissed open, allowing Artoria,
Archer, Medea, Boudica, and Morgana to step out. “Welcome back, my hunters!” she
chirped. “The bat has been successfully rayshifted into the simulator, so I believe we can call
this a success! Morgana, would you please head to the medbay first for a checkup? I believe
it may be prudent given all you’ve undergone.”
“Sounds good, Da Vinci,” Morgana groaned. The catlike being had more or less crawled out
of his coffin, sore and exhausted from utilizing so much of his magecraft and immediately
transformed back into his cat form. He took a few unsteady steps and almost collapsed – only
to be caught by a concerned Boudica.

“I’ll bring him over there,” she announced. “Archer, would you mind taking a look at the bat
and seeing what can be done with it? I’m afraid cooking a bat – especially this kind - is rather
new to me.”
Archer chuckled. “I’m not sure how you believe I will have a better idea,” he remarked. “But
I’ll see what I can do. Take good care of our hardworking Master.”
Morgana grumpily opened an eye to glare at Archer. “How do you make compliments sound
like sarcastic insults,” he grumbled. Archer only smirked in response.
“I shall come with,” Artoria replied. “I might have some suggestions on how to make it
palatable and how to cook it up.”
“Any culinary advice from a king is always welcome,” the red-mantled hero accepted.
The Saber paused, then sighed. “Not that I didn’t notice before, but Morgana does have a
point in your diction,” she commented. “You are doing this on purpose, are you not?”
Archer smiled, amused. Then he glanced over as Medea had walked away without another
word, soon vanishing as she stepped out of the coffin room. Through his peripheral vision, he
could see Artoria similarly watching her. They may have completed a hunt together, but that
animosity brewing hadn’t been settled yet. There would be an accounting for her deeds, one
way or another.
But in the meantime, they had their duties.
As Morgana and the Servants vacated the room, the coffins began glowing again. Da Vinci
checked the readings once more. She had to make some adjustments and triage more power
to account for the evolved beast – a being that she wanted to at least take notes of before it
got butchered for parts and cooked. Having a creature evolve in such a manner was a most
perplexing phenomenon, one she wished to look into. It helped that the creature was, for the
most part, whole as most of the damage was inflicted on its heart – or perhaps its core.
And there was the bat. There didn’t seem to be anything regarding its physiology, but its
magecraft was certainly unique. She would have to check the recordings of the hunt and
speak with Medea about it, but already her mind was buzzing. With this sheer wealth of
material, a spark – or perhaps multiple - of inspiration was all too likely and she was giddy
with anticipation.
Once more the coffins hissed open once their occupants have come back. Mash, Cu Chulainn,
Leonidas, and Elizabeth had been the first to step out, with the two men chatting garrulously
with each other about the hunt. Meanwhile, Ritsuka shambled out of her own pod, looking
like a soggy rat and covered in ashes. Mash walked up concernedly – and her eyes opened in
alarm as the Master tipped over onto her, barely catching her in time. “Senpai?” she cried in
worry.
“…”
“S-senpai, you’re muffled. I can’t really hear you.”

“You’re soft, Mashumallow. Really soft.”
The Shielder’s mouth fell open a bit in surprise as Cu Chulainn guffawed. “Ha! Our Master
here is learning one of the greatest pleasures in life!” he remarked. “After a hard day, few
things compare to having a beautiful woman waiting for you with open arms to soothe you.
Right?”
Leonidas gave a hearty chuckle. “Indeed,” he agreed. “Though some of my men preferred the
company of their own at times, I can attest to the touch of peace and relaxation from my own
wife and queen – so long as I didn’t make too much of a mess of the furnishings, of course!”
The blue Lancer raised an eyebrow. “Eh? She makes a fuss about that?” he asked, slightly
incredulous.
“Just as a soldier has their environment to maintain, so does a wife,” the Spartan king replied.
“And to bear fierce men of Spartan, women of Sparta must be just as fierce as well.” The
man winced. “Which means I have been on the other end of her wrath at times,” he weakly
concluded.
Cu winced and patted his shoulder in sympathy. “I hear ya there,” he replied – then looked
over to see Elizabeth staring up at one of the coffins nearby. “What’re you waiting for there?”
he asked.
“You had said yourself that there’s few things that compare to having a beautiful woman
waiting for you, did you not?” the countess shot back. “Well, when my manager comes back,
he will be greeted with my presence – if a beautiful woman shall relieve a man, then the
presence of an idol like me shall be even more invigorating! Plus, I have much I wish to
speak with him when it comes to prospective stages! One may be ruined, but there will be
others, and there is much work that needs to be done!”
The Irish hero frowned… then he grinned wryly. “Sorry, I should rephrase that,” he
commented. “When I said ‘beautiful woman’, I mean lovely, buxom girls and ladies – not
scarecrows.”
Elizabeth immediately whirled on him, her eyes flashing dangerously. “Why you-“ she
snarled. “Care to repeat that, Cu Chulainn? I must have misheard you because I believe you
just called a wonderful, shining idol like me a scarecrow.”
“Oh, sorry, not a scarecrow,” he amended. “They got more proportions to them. I dunno,
maybe a stick or a cliff? Or a-“
“That’s it, GET OVER HERE IMMEDIATELY!”
Cu Chulainn dashed out of range of Elizabeth’s spear before taking down the hallway like a
demon, with the countess pursuing and screaming in outrage after him. Leonidas soon
followed, most likely to limit the damage and wrath of the diol from destroying too much of
Chaldea, leaving Da Vinci, Mash, and Ritsuka standing there nonplussed. “I get what Cu was
trying to do,” Ritsuka commented with a wince. “But… yeah, he’s a dead man.”

“One might call that a manly way to perish, looking out for another of their own,” the Uomo
Universale commented as she stepped forward. “Now, let’s head to the medbay. Morgana is
already there and a check-up is especially necessary for you to make sure there aren’t
complications.”
She looked down in emphasis at the tattered sleeves of Ritsuka’s Master uniform, revealing
her bare arms. Thanks to the healing scroll, they were whole and unblemished like they
hadn’t been wounded whatsoever – a sharp contrast to the tattered, burnt ends of cloth on
either limb. “I will also have another Master uniform distributed to you,” she added. “I would
like to analyze yours and make further improvements. Is that alright with you, ragazza ?”
Ritsuka looked down with misty eyes at her own uniform and nodded wearily. “Sure,
whatever you say,” she mumbled, still being held up by Mash. “Now let’s… get to the
sickbay already. Though I really just wanna… wash up and nap. Seawater and ash… smelly.
Really smelly.”
Da Vinci’s ever-present smile widened in amusement. “I can imagine,” she sympathized.
“Mash, be a dear and bring her there, would you? I shall be there momentarily.”
Mash nodded in acknowledgement. Slinging Ritsuka’s arm around her shoulders, she
carefully carried her toward the medbay as Da Vinci vanished into a shower of golden light
behind them. The Master winced as she shambled along, helped by the Shielder. “Thanks
Mash,” she groaned. “Sorry for the trouble.”
“It’s no trouble at all, senpai,” Mash rapidly denied. “You pushed yourself hard on that hunt –
after the check-up, you certainly require rest.”
“Don’t I know it,” Ritsuka sighed out before wincing again at her sore muscles and magic
circuits. Pushing herself this hard on the hunt was certainly not in the cards. Reaching up, she
unbuttoned her top and sighed in relief as it opened, the air-conditioned Chaldea air a sweet,
heavenly sensation against her sweltering body.
“After the check-up’s done, I’m gonna take a long, hot shower then go to bed,” she grumbled.
“I smell like charcoal mixed with sea and seaweed.” She took a whiff of herself and wrinkled
her nose. “And apparently, Chimera flames and venom smell like crap too.”
The Shielder glanced over in curiosity and sniffed. “You don’t smell that terrible, Master,”
she reassured her. “Still, you certainly deserve some time to relax and groom yourself. Are
you sure you wish to sleep, though? I thought you’d want to watch Ren-senpai’s hunt.”
Ritsuka smiled and shook her head wearily as they reached the medbay. The door hissed
open, revealing a robot collating data at Roman’s desk while the furry form of Morgana was
curled up in the bed fast asleep. “I’m sure he’s doing fine,” she replied quietly, trying not to
disturb the cat’s slumber. “It’s Ren we’re talking about. No doubt he’s handled a whole lot
worse than this.”
Mash hesitated for a moment, then nodded in agreement. “You’re right,” she replied, easing
her Master into sitting on the bed. “With any luck, he’s most likely finishing the hunt and will
be here soon. I’m sure Artemis will be pleased.”

“SHIIIIIIIIIT!!!”
Joan’s curse punctured the still night air as everyone rushed to grab the nearest object on the
boat before it could fall out from under them. With a groaning of timbers and ruffling of sails,
it pitched forward as it fell into the silent, bottomless abyss that opened up underneath them.
Whether it led to water or the seafloor below – or both – was a prospect none of them wished
to find out. “ Tamamo, levitation charms! Now!” Ren called out as he racked his brains for a
way out.
Tamamo scowled. A talisman appeared in her hand and flashed. Suddenly, the boat corrected
itself as though it struck water on a slope and began gliding forward – and toward the ‘wall’
of the abyss that opened. Marie took hold of the wheel and spun it hard, pointing at certain
points in the sails to have the wind blow hard on certain spots. The ship drifted in the air hard
and veered aside, the hull skimming off the watery ‘wall’ and gliding into the air once more.
Picking himself up from the deck, Ren scanned the ‘walls’ of the hole with his Third Eye and
saw the red splotch once again. It was much larger and clearer now, even with the glowing
ocean – the Bake-Kujira was undoubtedly patrolling and observing the hole. In fact, he didn’t
doubt it was what created the hole in the first place. “ The Bake-Kujira’s right there ,” he
reported. “ Let’s get out of this hole first and-“
“INCOMING!” Joan cried.
The Phantom Thief spun around and his eyes widened as a spot on the wall began bulging. A
moment later, a high pressure spout of the rancid water blasted toward the boat. Ren rapidly
switched to a Persona in desperation. “Hecatoncheires!” he roared. The mighty multi-handed
giant appeared once again with a roar before leaning over and crossing his arms over the
impact point. The geyser crashed against the crossed arms, the sheer force almost causing the
giant’s arms to yield, but they held. What water got through crashed against the boat but
made no damage otherwise.
“ Get us out of here, Marie! ” Ren barked. Needing no further prompting, the sails filled
again as Marie navigated towards the wall. Then another spot on the wall bulged – their only
warning as more geysers of water burst and rushed towards them in a violent torrent. Joan
quickly moved to intercept. Forming a circle of spears, they burned brightly as she spun them
rapidly in an impromptu barrier and blocked off more waterspouts.
The water splashed above her and landed on the deck, and on the Lancer herself. Her eyes
widened as her clothes and hair – anywhere the water landed – started to rot away. “Shit-“
she cursed shortly before closing her mouth, making sure none of it landed in her mouth.
“Cybele!”
The horned, blue-skinned woman persona appeared in a burst of blue flames. With a gesture,
a green glow appeared around Joan and the other Servants who had been similarly splashed
by the liquid, followed by a cool spring breeze as the damage from the rot was rapidly
repaired. Ren let out a long breath as he ducked under the hut that had been constructed on

the whaling ship, watching water splash down. He hadn’t expected to call out such a
powerful persona so soon, but just from this alone, he knew Cybele would be essential.
“ You don’t have any bright ideas, do you?”
Loki’s sardonic voice cut through Ren’s ruminations. “ Working on it,” the Phantom Thief
replied with a forced lightness. “ What are you doing, Loki?”
“ Considering our situation,” they replied. “ And just how deep shit we are in. I can see one
way out, but I have to ask you one thing: Do you trust me?”
Ren blinked several times at the sudden question. “… Yes,” he replied warily. “ That was part
of our deal, wasn’t it?”
He could feel the amusement from the trickster god. “ Good, I just wanted to make sure you
said it,” they replied. Ren could practically imagine the smug grin on their face. “ I’m
coming down in front of you. I want you to take your hundred-handed giant and throw me at
the Bake-Kujira with all your might.”
The Phantom Thief’s jaw almost fell before he resisted the urge. “ Loki, that’s suicide!” he
roared. “ Even in the Metaverse, this water’s likely to-“
“Ah, ah,” Loki tutted. “ You said you trust me, did you not? Then shut up and do what I say,
‘Master’ – or we’re going to be joining the corpses here for a rather merry party.”
Ren paused, then nodded. “ You drive a hard bargain,” he commented, again forcing a
lightness in his tone. A second later, the Avenger landed from his perch in front of the
Phantom Thief. They were already in their black and blue outfit with their helmet on and shot
a smirk at the Master. Ren gulped slightly but decided to put his faith in Loki.
“Hecatoncheires!”
The giant appeared once more, scooping the Avenger with one great hand. “ Have a good
swim, Loki,” Ren chirped.
“ I’ll be sure to send a postcard,” the Avenger easily retorted.
Despite everything, the Phantom Thief huffed with reluctant amusement. With a mental
command, Hecatoncheires ponderously wound up his arm, then threw the trickster god full
force toward where the Bake-Kujira was located. With his Third Eye, Ren watched as the
figure of Loki vanished into the distance before disappearing into the wall of water beyond.
As the giant faded, he switched back to Cybele in preparation as he observed the situation
with bated breath.
Still, they were in trouble. So long as they were in this hole, the Bake-Kujira could bombard
them as they wished – either the water would destroy them, rot them away, or they would
exhaust all their strength and simply fall to their dooms. Tamamo was still maintaining the
talismans needed to keep aloft, leaving him and Joan to defend the boat. Marie was trying to

steer them out but even with her prodigious riding skills there was only so much she could
do, veering them out of the way of the waterspouts.
Then, as Joan blocked yet another waterspout, Ren noticed something odd – countless
splashes appearing from all sides of the spout, yet nothing he could see seemed to be popping
out of them. His eyes turned red once more as he engaged his Third Eye – and widened as he
saw countless droplets of water floating in the air, almost imperceptible in the gloom of night.
“ Water droplets, incoming!” he called out.
The Lancer’s eyes widened. As she turned away from the waterspout – which thankfully
drained itself out – she could just barely make out the water droplets. From the corner of her
eye, she could see Tamamo and Marie look up from their own tasks in shock. “ Oh, you’ve
got to be-“ she cursed. Her spears wouldn’t be enough to block them in the slightest. That
just leftAs the water droplets shot forward like bullets, the Lancer waved her hand, leaving in her
hand a trail of blue fire that blazed forth in wrath. As the droplets met fire, they immediately
evaporated into steam. Joan huffed. She didn’t think that would work, but she’d accept it did.
She spun around to cover Ren and deal with any more waterspoutsThen time slowed. Out of the darkness came a jet of water. It was fast – far too fast,
resembling less than a stream and more of a lance. A lance capable of penetrating all that it
met, through armor, flesh, and bone.
A lance that pierced straight through Ren Amamiya.
It punched through his back, barely missing his spine, and shot out of his gut, splattering his
blood and bits of viscera onto the deck. She stared in horror at the gaping hole in his body,
the rot already eating away at his flesh from the sides while it bled, staining his white
Master’s uniform into crimson.
“REN!” Joan roared in panic.
The Phantom Thief collapsed on his knees as he held the bleeding wound, blood trickling
from his mouth. Somewhere in his mind, he heard his name being called, but he couldn’t
focus on anything but the sensations.
The pain was nearly unfathomable – a searing feeling so intense he could barely even process
it. And he felt cold. So very, horribly cold and weak. In truth, it was… an intriguing if utterly
agonizing sensation. Almost something like a new, terrible insight. He even caught a sickly
sweet coming from somewhere close. It was his wound, wasn’t it?
He lifted his hands – and almost gagged at the resulting stench, the contracting muscles
sending agony arching through his body. It was festering. Of course it was. It needed to be
treated. A healing persona. As well as something to deal with the rotting. Simultaneously too,
or he’d just be at square one either way.
Then he felt his shoulders being shaken and looked up to see the pale face of Joan. “Master,
say something!” she called out. “Don’t you dare fucking die, not yet!”

Ren blinked several times, his mind coming back into focus. “I’ll need-“ he rasped before
coughing out blood. “I’ll need time to heal. Joan, cover the ship – i-incoming.” He weakly
pointed past the Lancer. She turned and, indeed, several orbs of water had formed,
completely surrounding the ship.
“Damnit!” Joan cursed as her hands lit up with flames. “You had better not die or I’ll find a
way to kill you again myself!”
“Noted,” the Phantom Thief remarked with a weak grin. As the Lancer began warding off the
jets of water that sought to either punch holes in them or the boat, either with blasts of fire or
swift strikes of her banner and sword, he focused. There was only one persona that fulfilled
all the criteria he listed earlier. If she couldn’t heal him, then nothing could.
“Maria.”
At his command, the persona came forth. It resembled a statue of a nun, its eyes closed and
palms open in a gesture of benevolence and grace. A golden ring surrounded her with a disc
above her head, reminiscent of an aura of holiness and divinity. Surrounding her were
sculptures of beasts – a lion, a bull, an eagle, a fish, and even a t-rex, all acting to protect her
and her purity. She was the perfect scene of serenity and purity, one that felt utterly
untouchable.
Taking a deep breath, he focused on himself. A green glow appeared around him as he felt
the cool spring breeze flow all around him, soothing his burning yet freezing cold body.
Then, after an agonizing moment, he could feel the pain recede as his strength slowly
returned to him. The sickly sweet smell grew fainter and then vanished as the festering was
cured. Maintaining his concentration even though his circuits felt like they were incinerating
him from within, he could feel the wound close up and his punctured innards restored,
Finally, after what felt like a thousand years, it was done. Slowly opening his eyes as the saint
faded away, he felt the wound – and felt nothing but perfectly whole skin and flesh. As far as
he could tell, he wasn’t rotting away from within or without. For a brief moment, he was
worried that even Maria wouldn’t be enough to fix him up, but it was a pointless thought. He
quietly and gratefully thanked his persona in his mind – and got a brief image of Maria
smiling gently in return. He couldn’t help but smile back in turn.
“ … okay, I think I’m fine now,” Ren finally announced. “ How’s it looking?”
Before he could get an answer, a sound like an agonized whale song combined with a horrific
wailing and screeching tore through the air, utterly terrifying and haunting, forcing Ren to
cover his ears as it assaulted his eardrums. It was pure malice, grief, and hatred manifested
into sound, one that threatened to shatter both body and mind if he listened to it too closely.
Painfully looking up, he quickly noticed the other Servants looking dazed. As busy as they
had been, they weren’t able to cover their ears.
“Cybele!”
The goddess appeared once again. The Servants glowed green momentarily, then shook their
heads as whatever afflicted their minds was lifted. “ Marie, Loki’s dealing with the Bake-

Kujira!” he barked. “ Get us out of here! Tamamo, back Marie up! Joan, keep a lookout!”
Everyone quickly rushed to their orders as Ren observed the whole situation. Whatever Loki
was doing, it was working – there weren’t any more waterspouts assaulting them. He wasn’t
sure how long that opening would last but he wasn’t about to waste it. The hole they were in
was just as deep and wide as ever – getting out wouldn’t be easy. “ Tamamo, are you able to
lift the boat any further?” he called over.
“ Even with my abilities, lifting an entire ship like this without destroying it isn’t easy,” the
Caster grunted. “ It will take time for us to gain height – and I do not know how long Loki
will last.”
Ren scowled as he racked his brain. He was about to call forth Attis and use Thermopylae to
increase the Servants’ capabilities when he heard splashing. Looking over, he thought he saw
splashes of something breaching through the walls of water. His instincts flared. Something
was about to come their way – something big – and they needed to be prepared for it.
“Attis!”
The bandaged persona appeared in a flash of blue flames. Before anyone could ask what Ren
was doing, multicolored lights flashed around all of them thrice. A moment later, the ‘wall’
of the hole burst – and out came a gigantic, white whale hurtling ponderously through the air.
Much of its flesh looked rotten and festering, covered in numerous gashes and wounds with
spears and harpoons embedded in its body. But the most haunting were all were its eyes – or
rather, their lack thereof. Where its eyes should be instead were nothing but empty sockets.
They were as dark as the abyss beneath them, with trails of blood leaking as though they
were tears.
The second thing that caught his eye was that wrapped around the Bake-Kujira was a gigantic
sea serpent. Its scales gleamed silver even in the dim light as it coiled hard around the onryō,
its razor-sharp fangs digging into the flesh of the beast. Its red eyes – Loki’s eyes - glowed
with malice and anger as it tried to tear into the whale as much as it could. However, the
Phantom Thief could see the rot eating away at the serpent’s body and scowled. Even Loki
was affected by the water, it seemed. However, their trajectory led to the third and arguably
most important thing:
Both the Bake-Kujira and the serpent were hurtling straight toward them.
“ Master!” The shout from Joan startled Ren. “ Hurl me at the damn whale!” she demanded.
“ Now!”
“ Demanding, aren’t you?” the Phantom Thief couldn’t help but snark. Nevertheless, he
didn’t hesitate to summon Hecatoncheires once again, his circuits burning from the strain of
bringing forth multiple personas. The hundred-handed giant scooped up the Lancer, wound
up, then pitched her straight at the whale. Joan was nothing more than a blur of motion even
in his Third Eye.
For Joan, everything felt… different after those multicolored lights appeared for her.
Everything around her seemed slower, like they were moving in molasses. Her body felt far

stronger too, and more durable. She had seen Ren use this ability multiple times on others,
but usually only once. Having it applied threefold was a unique experience. Even hurtling
through the air at the whale, she had enough time to consider how she felt with all this power.
Summoning burning spears, she roared as she sent a constant stream of them speeding
forward ahead of them, each of them embedding into the Bake-Kujira’s flesh and exploding
in cold, blue flame. As she approached, her sword vanished as she grasped her banner with
both hands. With a war cry, she plunged the banner into the onryō’s head, the banner sinking
deep into its disgustingly soft, decaying flesh before lighting in blue fire, burning the creature
from within. A moment later, the banner exploded in a fiery tempest, the force shoving the
whale down and away.
Loki took the opening to use the momentum to further yank the Bake-Kujira away, the two
great bodies soon crashing back into the watery walls of the hole. Meanwhile, Joan scowled,
fired an ordinary spear ahead of her, then leaped toward the boat. Using the spear as a
stepping stone, she took another jump toward the boat… and her eyes widened. The edge of
the deck was falling away from her. The only thing below her was the endless abyss, which
was howling and roaring beneath her like the very doors to hell itself“JOAN!”
The Lancer’s eyes snapped up to see Ren leaping off the deck of the ship and diving straight
for her. As he reached out with an outstretched arm, she lunged forward and grabbed his hand
in turn – and held on tight as the Phantom Thief shot turned and fired his grappling hook,
which wrapped around the railing on the deck of the ship. Joan held on tightly as they jerked
to a stop, leaving them dangling off the side of the craft. She stared wide-eyed at the yawning
abyss below, roaring at her as though it were the gates of hell itself, before turning to glare at
Ren, who was grinning easily down at her.
“ That was too damn reckless,” Joan snarled.
“ Not as reckless as what you just pulled,” Ren retorted. “ Still, you are so cool, Joan. Nice
job.” As he spoke, the hook began reeling them in, pulling them back toward the ship. From
his angle, however, he noticed movement from the abyss below – or rather, the crashing of
waters below as the walls began closing in. “ The hole is caving in on itself,” he announced. “
Marie, it’s gonna get bumpy!”
Joan, who had been sputtering at the sudden compliment from Ren, looked down in response
– and her eyes widened seeing the water coming in before scowling. “Comme c’est
fascinant,” Marie remarked. “ I do wonder what it would be like sailing in rougher waters.
Do come aboard, monsieur Amamiya – such seas are not fit to bear without a vessel.”
“ Aye aye, captain,” Ren remarked with a grin. As they reeled back up to the railing, Joan
grasped hold of it and pulled herself on board as the Phantom Thief fully retracted his hook –
then grabbed the Phantom Thief and hoisted him up. “ Thanks Joan,” he remarked. “ No
joke, though – that was incredible. I don’t think even I would be able to pull something like
that off.”

The Lancer scowled again, the faintest shade of red on her pale cheeks. “ Can you save the
damn compliments for later?” she snapped. “ Get to cover so you don’t get splashed by this
damn rot – I’ll go keep a lookout for others!” Without waiting for a reply, she dashed away,
leaving the Master to simply shake his head in amusement.
Below, the howling of rushing waters became louder and louder as the walls closed in until it
was almost deafening. Marie gripped the wheel tightly. “ Brace yourselves!” she called out.
A moment later, the waves slammed against the boat on all sides, shoving them in every
direction. The boat groaned loudly and worryingly underneath as Marie navigated the
currents as best she could, riding the waves and reducing as much stress as she could on craft.
Tamamo, now freed from her task of levitating the boat, channeled her power into reinforcing
it so it wouldn’t snap like driftwood under the riotous ocean.
The Rider grit her teeth, her grip firm on the wheel. Whatever enchantments Ren had granted
her were still holding, allowing her more time to watch, feel, and consider the waves and her
course. Pointing to the sails again, they filled with wind as she navigated each channel of
calmer waters, skillfully navigating her way through. Whatever distance she needed to cross
for safer seas was irrelevant; her current priority was to keep it from capsizing and maintain
their safety.
This wouldn’t be like that doppelganger’s Palace – it was clear this hunt needed her, and thus
she had a responsibility to make sure she and everyone else were safe. Even if monsieur Ren
got terribly wounded, she still had her duty. Then after agonizing moments that felt like
centuries, a last wave crashed up against the ship from behind, causing the lumber to groan
even louder in protest… then nothing. The seas were calm once more.
The queen finally released her death grip on the steering wheel and breathed a sigh of relief,
wiping sweat from her brow before giving everyone a beatific smile. “Easier than navigating
la cour royale,” she remarked.
“ I can imagine. Great work, Marie,” Ren replied with a grin before turning his attention to
the stagnant seas. “ Loki, we got out!” he called. “Where are you?” There was no answer and
terror gripped his heart. “ Loki, talk to me, where the hell are you?!” He tried scanning the
seas with his Third Eye, but the lights that indicated the presence of either the Bake-Kujira or
the Avenger were missing. He was about to call again when Loki burst out of the water and
flopped onto the deck like a fish, their clothes and flesh rapidly rotting away.
“Cybele!”
Once again, the persona cured the rot and healed Loki. Ren watched as new flesh knit and
replaced what had decayed, almost regrowing it wholesale. “ Welcome back, ” he greeted
with a forced lightness as he faked a grin. “ Had a good swim?”
The Avenger ill-temperedly wiped the rancid water from his mouth before spitting overboard.
“ About as much as you enjoyed getting skewered earlier,” they growled back to Ren’s
surprise. “ Damn that thing. It’s a clever bastard, I’ll give it that – and it tastes just as foul as
it is clever.”

The Phantom Thief could only accede to that point. The Bake-Kujira was many things, but
stupid was certainly not one of them. In the meantime… “ Do you know what happened to
the Bake-Kujira?” he asked. “ We lost track of it.”
“Not a clue,” Loki spat. “It dived to shake me off. It took everything I had to get back up
here.”
Ren nodded in understanding – then realization hit him. “ Marie!” he immediately barked
out, startling everyone. “ Get moving, right now! It doesn’t matter where, just move!”
Marie blinked but otherwise wasted no time. Filling the sails once more with wind, the ship
began picking up speed again, gliding smoothly over the stagnant water. Meanwhile, Ren ran
to the edge of the water and activated his Third Eye, watching closely beneath the surface for
any signs of the whale – and almost tipped over as suddenly, the ship began listing to the
side.
“ Oh, you’ve got to be shitting me-“ Joan roundly cursed.
Ren glanced over to see the Lancer staring wide eyed at something as she clung hard to a
mast and followed her gaze – and his eyes similarly widened as he watched the water rising
into the air. Not even as a wave, but in a hump, much like the hole they had just escaped. He
looked around to see both Loki and Tamamo also hanging on for dear life while Marie spun
the wheel like a madwoman, turning the ship and making sure once again they didn’t flip
over or capsize.
As she managed to turn the ship around and sail down the ‘hump’, Ren looked up – and saw
similar humps as well as divets forming all over the ocean. They weren’t as massive as the
hole that nearly swallowed them up earlier, but their sheer quantity and unnaturalness made
navigating the ocean difficult. “ Marie, how are we doing he-“ Ren began asking.
“ INCOMING, FROM THE FRONT!!”
Ren turned and saw the unmistakable figure of the Bake-Kujira. He didn’t even need to use
his Third Eye – the mass of white, decaying flesh became clearer and clearer, the faint lantern
light throwing its figure into ghastly relief. He gulped as he felt his throat close up; the sheer,
utter rancor and hatred he could sense from the onryō even from this distance almost choked
the breath out of him. He couldn’t see its empty eye sockets as the whale approached.
Instead, he beheld something far worse.
The infinite void of its open maw, silent and all encompassing. A void from which there
could be no possible escape.
“ I am doing all I can,” Marie cried out anxiously, her eyes wide in fear as she spun the
ship’s wheel. “ But we are going too fast!”
The Phantom Thief grit his teeth. “ Tamamo, can you use your talismans to blast just one side
of the boat?,” he called out. “Loki, up for a very quick dip?”

“ It’s possible, but this won’t be safe in the slightest,” Tamamo answered grimly. “ We’ll risk
damage to the ship, though I suppose it’s better than the alternative.”
“ No, but I don’t believe we have another option,” Loki remarked.
“ Nope,” Ren agreed. “ Everyone, go!”
Loki let go of the railing and dove towards the Bake-Kujira. Their figure deformed, stretched,
and grew rapidly in size as they lengthened, taking on the shape of the sea serpent once again.
Their form wasn’t nearly as large as what Ren saw earlier, but he figured it took time for the
Avenger’s shapeshifting to form the proper size. As it was, the mass of their current form
combined with the speed from diving towards the Bake-Kujira gave them more than enough
momentum as their jaws closed over the whale’s head and yanked it off to the side.
Meanwhile, Tamamo and Marie looked at each other and gave a grim nod of affirmation
before the former began focusing her power. The talismans on the underside of the ship
began blasting in one direction with gale force winds, shunting the ship abruptly to the side
while the timbers underneath groaned and cracked in protest. Marie rapidly steered the ship,
both following the direction it was shunted to reduce the strain on the ship while resisting
being oversteered and risking the entire ship tipping over.
Finally, they reached the bottom of the ‘hump’ with Marie barely sailing away and around a
divet as she did so. Tamamo stopped channeling power but cast a wary eye on the unnaturally
bent seas around them. A moment later, Loki splashed out again, spitting out water. They
looked in better condition than when they had engaged the Bake-Kujira the first time, but
there were still signs of rot on their flesh and clothes – degradation that was easily fixed with
Cybele.
“ Bad ?” Ren asked shortly. His circuits were burning and he felt utterly drained from just
how many times he had used such powerful personas in such a short time period. Stil, the
only sign of his exhaustion he currently showed was leaning up against the hut on the ship.
He couldn’t afford to falter right now, not with how perilous the situation was.
“ Understatement ,” Loki responded with an irritated growl. “It dived again. I’ll be blunt with
you, Ren – there’s no way in hell we can win out here. Not when its territory is just another
limb for it.” They pointed at the unnatural ocean formations for emphasis, to which Ren
could only grimly nod in agreement. If it could easily use the ocean not only as its home turf
for mobility and concealment, but to manipulate it as it pleased, then there was absolutely no
chance of victory here.
“ Marie, Joan, Tamamo, you got anything?” he called over.
“ Less than nothing,” Joan snapped, staring at the stagnant sea down below. “ I can’t see the
damn thing through all this muck – and by the time I do, it’s way too late anyway. Can’t your
special eyes find them?”
The Phantom Thief shook his head. “ Tried,” he replied. “ But there’s too many curses in the
water – it’s interfering with my vision. Tamamo, any particular ways to deal with it?”

The Caster frowned, observing the unnatural ocean landscape as she considered. “ BakeKujira have always been rather difficult to exorcise,” she recalled. “ Not least of which is
because of their territories in the sea. One as powerful as this is certainly unique. My only
recommendation is to bring it to shore so it cannot bring the sea to bear against us, but that’s
easier said than done.”
Ren racked his brain. Bringing it back to shore seemed like the obvious option, but as the
Caster noted, that wouldn’t be easy. They could simply make a mad dash for the docks and
hope the whale would follow them, but there was no way of knowing or guaranteeing the
Bake-Kujira would. An absurd image flashed in his mind of a gigantic fishing rod reeling in
the onryō popped up in his mind before he dismissed it. He wished it could be that easy.
Then he froze. Well, it wouldn’t be easy , but with a similar concept…
“ I take it you have a plan, monsieur Ren?” Marie asked, looking over from her spot as she
navigated past another hump. “ I recall you had a similar expression when you had a
particular idea back in France, non ?”
The Phantom Thief couldn’t help but grin. “ You know me too well, Marie,” he
acknowledged, garnering a giggle from her as he turned to the others. Was this a completely
ridiculous plan? Yes. Did they have other options? Not at all. Was he still excited for it?
Absolutely.
“ We’re going fishing,” he announced. As everyone groaned in exasperation and confusion,
his grin only widened.
Through the murky seas it swam, through rot and decay. It was a domain of death, guaranteed
for any who dared enter, be it on the seas or within. For countless years, it had built up its
rancor. Its wrath and anger had constantly grown throughout the ages, and with it came
strength and power. And as it did, its territory became greater and greater, the rot – a
manifestation of its hatred – growing all the more potent. At first it only made living beings
sick. Then it killed them. Finally, it did what was most desired from it: It made them suffer.
Its powerful fins moved as it glided through the depths, past countless decaying corpses of
wildlife, monsters of the deep, and hateful humans alike. Their spirits and souls were
confined here, agonizing yet nourishing, granting both pain and strength. With every creature
that perished, it became stronger. With every decaying soul, its grudge grew. Soon,
everything would be made to feel the suffering and loss that it had gone through, without
reprieve. Without mercy.
Though it couldn’t see, it could still feel it in the waters above. That ship, filled with
loathsome humans. It sailed on its waters like a horrid barnacle, a parasite that must be
destroyed. But these hunters, these whalers… they weren’t like the others. They were strong.
They could fight. They could hunt . Its wrath was broiling, torturous, and vast. But it could be
patient. It would sink that ship. The whalers would fall prey to the seas, and they would join
the chorus of its brethren here, rotting and screaming in silent horror with lungs that had long
since turned to sludge.

That was their fate. That was their punishment. That was their penance. That was their
eternity.
Then it felt something from that wretched ship above. Movement. With a thought, it shifted
the waters above again with no more effort than it took to move its own fin. Every movement
was another weakness it could exploit, every direction sailing into its territory still. Engaging
it in the open wasn’t a good idea, but rot and decay took time, and so would it. All it had to
do was wait.
More shifting. Were the humans getting restless? They were always bloodthirsty, sailing after
their quarry with binding nets and sharp spears. As it recalled, the harpoons in its body
throbbed excruciatingly. It could not forget. It would never forget. What they had done, what
blood they had shed. They would pay. No circle of reincarnation or appearing in front of the
Enma for it. No, it would be their warden and jailer.
Then the ship tipped from one of the humps the whale created – and it could feel one of the
humans was thrown overboard. With glee it turned ponderously in the water. As expected,
patience was key. Once they were submerged, the rot would decay the humans in moments.
There was no escape, and its soul would join its brethren in chorus. There would be no
salvation, not for it, nor for the human.
But it didn’t happen. Instead, the human landed… on top of the water? Frustration broiled
deep within as it realized. Humans and their magics, their tricks. It wasn’t the first time such
hunters have tried this method, yet they had all been drowned and rotted all the same. This
would be no different. It began swimming upward, homing in on the sensation of the human
walking on the water as it tried to reach the ship. Its maw opened again, a gateway to eternity
and everlasting suffering, seeking to devour the human hole. It could feel the changes in
depth as it got closer.
Closer.
Closer.
The Bake-Kujira burst out of the sea, its jaw enveloping its hapless victim. As its mouth
closed around it, its great tongue felt the remains of his victim. Flesh rapidly softening away
by rot, the taste of fear and panic, the screams that vibrated through what remained of its
bones. They were the only things that gave it the closest sensation of joy. As it prepared to
bring the being, its tongue moved, coming across the… cold taste of pottery? And horns? A
moment later, it was gone, like it had never even existed. What wasA howling of winds filled its ears, and suddenly it was stopped mid-air. Surprised, it wriggled
and found it had been wrapped in a cage of air. It let out a sonorous cry, a sound filled with its
hatred and rancor, causing the winds to falter. It could feel itself falling, bit by bit, the
stagnant waters beneath welcoming back its bottomless hatred. Humans always believed
themselves clever, trapping them in nets of rope, wind, or lightning. No. They were demons,
each and every one of them. Cruel, merciless, sadistic. Thus, it would show them what a true
hell would be like-

Then a familiar, piercing sensation sprouted from its body, causing it to cry out in pain. It
burned, it burned, it burned! What torment have these humans concocted now!? Then it felt
itself being pulled through that spot – another familiar sensation. Too familiar. They were
trying to hunt it, drag it up, stab it, hurt it, kill it, harvest it, just like countless times before.
Just like with ███ █████.
These humans, these hunters were intolerable. Intolerable. Intolerable. Intolerable intolerable
intolerable intolerable intolerable intolerable intolerable intolerable INTOLERABLE
INTOLERABLE INTOLERABLE INTOLERABLE INTOLERABLE INTOLERABLE
INTOLERABLE
THEY WILL NOT LEAVE ALIVE. THEY WILL ROT.
It let out a great bellow, a sound between a haunted, ghastly shriek mixed with the whale
song. It reached the very heavens and impacted the sea below, denting the water below into a
crater. The pain it felt receded but its rage was not sated – could not be sated. It could sense
the humans were leaving the stagnant waters as fast as it could
THEY WILL NOT LEAVE ALIVE THEY WILL JOIN THE DROWNED THEIR SOULS WILL
ROT IN THE DEPTHS
Crashing back down into the water, it pursued, the rot emitting from its body and following it
as it did so. Creating another hump of water in front of the boat, it leaped into the air with a
mighty stroke of its fins. Driven by fury and hatred, it ponderously took to the skies, easily
drifting through the air as it did in the waters. Aiming down, it focused all its attention on the
hateful humans. They had dared to hunt it they were the same they were greedy they were
bloodthirsty they were unforgivable it would never forgive never never never never never
NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER
It crashed into the water at full speed, expecting to feel the yielding and snapping of the
timbers as they turned into nothing more than driftwood, hear the shocked, panicked screams
of the humans. It would plunge all of them into its hell for their offense, for their bloodlust
and greed. However, all it met instead was water as it splashed into the hump instead, the ship
somehow evading its body
IT CANNOT ESCAPE IT MUST NOT ESCAPE SEND THE HUMANS TO THE DEPTHS SO
IT JOINS THE CHOIR OF THE DROWNED
Then at its side, it felt that familiar burning, piercing pain followed by the pull and dove
down into the depths again. The pulling became fiercer, the pain coursing through its flesh as
it the spear’s barbs dug in, resisting the Bake-Kujira’s efforts to pull it out. Instead, it turned
around and swam at full, terrifying speed toward the boat, opening its maw again to consume
them – and felt a blast of hurricane winds as the boat eluded it yet again. A moment later, the
pain was back as a harpoon was embedded in its flesh.
And another.
And yet another.

Sheer hatred and rancor overfilled every last conscious thought it had. Even now they were
still hunting, still eagerly seeking to spill its blood. No matter what it did, no matter what it
tried, the humans were still here, still hunting, still killing. They had learned nothing and
would not be dissuaded. Its normal methods would not work. They must taste every bit of
hatred, sorrow, and grief it has experienced.
It concentrated its hatred. The rot that normally polluted its territory withdrew, gathering
around and concentrating around its body. The water around it became murkier, darker,
festering and decaying. Any living being would immediately rot into nothing should it enter
such a compacted domain. But that was not its intention. Such a fate would be too passive.
No. They would die here and now. They would die. They would die. They would die they
would die they would die they would die they would die they would die they would die they
would die THEY WOULD DIE
The water right above the whale bulged up, filled with the pure concentrated rot. It would
take time to reform its territory after this, but that mattered little. It had time. It had patience.
Its rage was infinite. Its grudge was unending. Those humans would learn. And it would have
all eternity to learn. What another sonorous cry, it sent the hump forward, soon becoming a
massive wave that threatened to consume the boat, the land, and the world.
DROWN AND JOIN THE CHORUS
“ Yep, that did the trick ,” Ren remarked casually. “ It’s probably pretty pissed off .”
“ YOU THINK?! ” Joan spluttered in outrage. Ren’s plan had been to lure the Bake-Kujira
towards the shore. In its home territory, it could manipulate the sea as freely as it wanted and
foil any chance of them counterattacking. The plan had been to enrage it by going whaling,
using her spears with ropes tied to them. Then using themselves as bait, they would ‘reel it
in’ – luring it to the shoreline and landing it. So far, the plan had been working well.
Perhaps too well, as she stared up in shock at the towering wave of rot-filled water. “ This
plan isn’t gonna be worth a damn if it drowns the shoreline as well – and that’s assuming we
can outsail this damn wave! ” the Lancer screeched. She looked over to Marie for
confirmation, who frantically shook her head in answer. “ And she can’t – so what the hell’s
the plan now?! ”
Ren frowned in contemplation, then looked over to Tamamo. “ How long do you need for
your Noble Phantasm? ” he asked.
The miko blinked several times, wondering where he was going with this. “ A few seconds ,”
she quickly answered. “ But there’s nothing I have that can stop that! ” She pointed to the
wave with a shaking finger for emphasis.
“ Yes, you do, ” the Phantom Thief retorted. “ You’re standing on it. By the way, have I ever
told you how much I loved your work back in the Roman singularity? ”
The Caster stared at Ren, then at the ship, then her eyes widened as she put the pieces
together. “ You cannot seriously mean- “ she spat out. “ I stand by what I said – you are

completely and utterly mad-“
“ Make sure it’s a big one, ” the Master replied with a grin, leaving a frustrated Tamamo to
gather her energy and begin her incantation before he turned to Marie. “ Marie, I’m gonna be
using a command seal on you after this,” he continued. “ Once we’re off, dive underwater.”
Marie’s jaw fell open slightly, then she shook her head. “Oui, oui ,” she agreed. “ You
certainly do know how to take a girl out on a thrilling date, monsieur Ren.” She pointed at
the sails, filling it with as much wind as she dared – and yet the wave was still rapidly
catching up to them. They only had one chance.
“ Once you’re done here, go on ahead and prepare for the catch,” the Master ordered. “
We’re reeling in a big one.”
Loki smirked and vanished into spirit form. They had no immediate duties so it was better to
flit on ahead and make what preparations are needed. Ren looked at Joan who scowled back.
“ I’ll figure something out and meet you at the shore,” she snarled before ducking into the hut
on the ship. He was curious how she was going to get to the island, but if she said she would
figure it out, then he had no choice but to trust her.
“Only a few more seconds left!” Marie called out, not bothering to spare the titanic wave
behind her a glance.
“ Tamamo? ” Ren called over.
“ Thy name is the Weighted Stone of Tamamo,” the Caster chanted as tossed down a great ball
of magical energy. “ Become the Sacred Treasure, Mirror of Uka! Eightfold Blessing of
Amaterasu!” The surface of the ship glowed as magical power bloomed and radiated, filling
everyone standing there with strength and revitalizing them. It was a relief from the fatigue
accumulated from the fight, though it certainly wasn’t enough.
By the time Tamamo had finished her Noble Phantasm, the tidal wave was right on top of
them – a vast mountain of water and rot, bearing down on them like the weight of the BakeKujira’s hatred. They had run out of time. “ Abandon ship!” Ren roared.
As Marie and Tamamo jumped off the boat, Ren aimed his grappling hook at the crow’s nest
high above. The device swiftly reeled him in, pulling him straight up. Right before he
reached it, the Phantom Thief disengaged the hook, allowing the momentum to fling him
high up into the air. As he reached the apex of his flight, he caught a glimpse of Joan surfing
away toward the shore with what appeared to be a long plank tied to burning spears before
vanishing into the night.
From his few high above, he watched as the talismans that lined the boat began glowing
brightly. A moment later, they erupted in a fantastic explosion of fire and ice magic. Ren
closed his eyes tightly and braced himself as the shockwave knocked him further up into the
air. Tentatively opening his eyes, he saw the wave dispersing thanks to the sheer force of
Tamamo’s magic and couldn’t help but smirk. The rot was dissipating back into the
surrounding ocean but it was far less widespread than it had been a moment ago. That
worked out better than he expected.

Then another whale call, filled with complete and utter loathing, contempt, and malice,
echoed through the air. Ren winced and covered his ears. Though the sound still affected his
mind, at least he could think clearly enough to block his hearing off before anything worse
could happen. It was clear the Bake-Kujira was getting frustrated, however. Things were
proceeding as planned – except for the fact that the ocean was rushing up to him at a rather
alarming speed, but that should be dealt with any moment now…
“Guillotine Breaker!”
A second later, the Phantom Thief found himself being hoisted onto an elaborate carriage by
Tamamo, which was being drawn by a crystal horse with Marie at the reins. He grinned in
response. “ Good timing, you two,” he thanked them. “ Don’t think I’ve seen this carriage
before, but it’s appreciated here.” He considered going inside, then decided he’d be far more
useful if he stayed on top. The Caster was evidently of the same mind.
“ Merci, monsieur Ren,” Marie replied with a beatific smile. “ It’s usually more convenient to
simply bring in my horse, but if there are more passengers, it would get rather crowded, non
? Now, do hold on tight – this will be rather turbulent.”
Ren’s grin widened. “ Yes, ma’am,” he acknowledged before grabbing hold of the rails as she
whipped the reins. The crystalline horse whinnied and dove straight down into the ocean
water, dragging the carriage with it – or they would, but right before impact, the water simply
bent around them and formed a bubble as they sank beneath the surface.
The Phantom Thief glanced over and saw Tamamo settling back down after using her
talismans. “ Your work, I’m assuming?” he asked rhetorically.
The miko nodded. “ A few mysteries to filter out both the water and the whale’s rot,” she
elaborated. “ As well as mute out any further sounds and provide air. A bit rough, but it shall
suffice for our purposes.” The Master nodded in thanks both for her witchcraft and her
explanation.
As the surface closed over them, everything immediately became far quieter yet louder. In the
isolated bubble, any sound they made – from the whinnying and knickering of the horse to
the breathing of the three, was magnified by cramped space. On the other hand, those were
the only sounds they heard – they could neither hear nor anything outside the bubble. The
night sea surrounded them like an infinite void on all sides, all-encompassing and unknown.
The Phantom Thief wasted little time. His eyes turned red once more as he looked around for
the whale with his Third Eye. The glowing red of the cursed rot was clear, though unlike the
ocean before, it now led in trails as opposed to completely shrouding his vision. Following
the trails of the rot in the water, he quickly found the Bake-Kujira – and his eyes widened. “
Veer and gallop to the right, now!” he barked.
Marie immediately followed his order. With a whip of the reins, the crystalline horse galloped
to their right – as the pale, desiccated form of the onryō appeared out of the gloom, its maw
open to devour them again. As it passed by, the three could see its eye socket. Empty and
fathomless, it was nothing more than a pool of darkness, one that leaked blood like tears

before it vanished into the void of the ocean. The Phantom Thief could see the sheer depth of
the whale’s rancor and endless hatred even from a mere glimpse in its ‘eyes’.
And yet…
Ren heard the Rider gasping in surprise. Crawling over in concern, he saw her holding her
chest, heaving for breath as the whale vanished into the darkness again. On closer inspection,
she seemed to be tearing up. “ Was there something you saw or noticed, Marie? ” he asked,
frowning.
Marie hesitated, then shook her head. “ It might have been my imagination , she murmured. “
But now is not the time to contemplate on that. What should we do, Master?”
The Phantom Thief accepted the answer and question with a nod. “ For now, we give it the
runaround to have it lose its sense of direction, then we lure it to the shore. I’ll guide you,
Marie, and leave the riding to you.”
The queen smiled. “ Very well,” she chirped, a shift in mood that didn’t throw Ren off. “ In
that case, I shall be relying on you once more, monsieur Ren!”
As they took off, Ren glanced over at Tamamo. “ You know what happened to Marie?” he
asked out of curiosity.
The Caster was abnormally stone-faced, to his surprise. “ … I can hazard a guess,” she
quietly replied. “ But as Marie said, not the time, not when-“
She was interrupted as Ren trained his gun behind the carriage and fired. The reinforced
ammo punched through the bubble and splashed into the water. “ Is it following us?” she
asked.
“ It is,” he replied shortly. “ Marie, it’s on our five and there’s rotten water to our three. Head
for the left.”
“Oui, oui,” Marie cheerfully acknowledged before pulling on the reins, causing her
crystalline horse to turn on the spot away from the indicated spots with far more dexterity and
grace than Ren expected from a horse and carriage. Ren idly wondered if he could get driving
lessons from her later on – it certainly would be cheaper and less of a hassle than dealing
with a driving school back in Japan. It had been a while since he drove the Morganamobile in
Mementos and he was getting rusty.
“ I’m guessing you’re busy on your end?” Ren asked casually as he tried to keep a lock on
the Bake-Kujira’s position while preparing a persona.
“ There is a reason we have not joined you in being skewered,” she groused.
The Phantom Thief nodded in understanding while smirking a bit at the sharp reply. “ Thanks
as always, Tamamo,” he simply replied gratefully before staring hard at the spot where the
Bake-Kujira was. “Archangel,” he called out.

The armored angel appeared in a flash of blue flame behind him. Ren winced a bit as his
overworked circuits scalded his flesh, but thankfully Archangel wasn’t nearly as straining to
summon as either Maria or Cybele was. Even Hecatoncheires took more energy than
Archangel. However, he didn’t need their might. All he needed was to prod his target a bit.
Lifting up its sword, it glared and pointed in the direction of the Bake-Kujira. There was a
flash of light – and Ren could see it thrashing in the water as the Bless attack struck the
whale. It was merely a Kouha spell, but it seemed to do the trick. He had to preserve his
strength for the finale.
“ You have experience in exorcisms?” Tamamo asked, glancing up at the persona.
“ Nope,” Ren admitted. “ Just thought light attacks would be effective against what’s
basically a vengeful spirit. Glad I was right.” Then he noticed the whale shifting and moving
again, directly facing them again. “ Coming at us from behind,” he reported. “ No rot water
in the immediate vicinity – I’ll let you know when to dodge.”
“ I shall dodge below, then,” Marie cheerfully replied. “ Shall I start making our way toward
the shore?”
The Phantom Thief considered for a moment, then nodded. “ Please,” he replied. “ Not too
fast though – not until Loki gives the clear – but the closer we can get, the better.” With any
luck, they would be able to cover a considerable distance before the Bake-Kujira noticed
anything – if it noticed anything at all. And to that end, there was only one they could do.
As the pale figure of the onryō appeared once more out of the gloom, its endless maw once
again opened to consume them, the carriage went downward and away to dodge it. Ren
meanwhile brought his gun up and fired a full salvo, watching as each reinforced bullet shot
through Tamamo’s bubble and buried itself in its flesh. Following up, he summoned
Archangel again and followed with another Bless spell – and was rewarded with another loud
cry of sheer malice and absolute frustration.
Despite the painful whale song, the Phantom Thief had to smile. It was getting more and
more irritated, just as planned. They simply needed to keep it up while the others made
whatever preparations they needed“ Rod’s set,” Loki reported. “ Reel it in and get it to surface, Master.”
Ren nodded in acknowledgement and turned to the others with a grin. “ It’s showtime,” he
announced. “ Marie, to the shore. Tamamo, save your energy for the finish.”
“Très bien!” Marie cheered. “Hold on tight!” Both the Phantom Thief and Tamamo gripped
the railings as the Rider whipped the reins. The horse whinnied as it reared back, then it
began galloping toward the shoreline. As expected and planned, the utterly wroth BakeKujira gave chase.
Despite the incredible speed of Guillotine Breaker, the whale was only slightly slower than it,
the Noble Phantasm still well within sight of it if not reach. Every once in a while, Ren

summoned Archangel to shoot off another Kouha, and was rewarded with another cry of pain
from the whale and it redoubling its efforts.
Still, they couldn’t run forever – as a Noble Phantasm, its upkeep was undoubtedly taxing on
the queen and he could see Tamamo straining earlier, maintaining the bubble and protections
from the sea. Beside him, he heard the miko muttering incantations underneath her breath
with talismans in hand and smirked to himself. If everything went well, then that would no
longer be an issue. However, a new thought came to him as they kept swimming in the inkyblack ocean with the Bake-Kujira right on their tail, one that was swiftly becoming an
emergency.
As they swam toward the shore, Ren idly noted how dark and similar the ocean around them
was. By sight alone, he had no idea how close they were to the shore. No wonder why
lighthouses were always a staple no matter where or when in the world.
Just as he was about to call out for the others for the signal, he noticed something glowing off
to the distance. “ Bring it here and get it to surface!” Joan called out.
Ren grinned. At least the others made their preparations including positioning. “ Marie, you
got that?” he asked.
“ I see it!” she confirmed. “ I’m picking up the pace!”
The horse whinnied as it began galloping even faster, the carriage rattling and rocking
dangerously as it did. Meanwhile, Ren glanced over at Tamamo. “ You ready?” he asked.
Tamamo opened her eyes and glanced over at the approaching light. “ As much as I can
muster,” she answered. “ I might not have quite enough power to force it completely up, but
as it stands it should suffice-“
“Attis!”
The bandaged, dagger wielding persona again appeared at Ren’s behest and more
multicolored lights floated around all three of them. The Phantom Thief winced as his grip
tightened on the bar, feeling even more of his strength leave him as his circuits burned within
his body, but nevertheless forced a smirk up at the Caster. “ How about now?” he asked.
The miko flatly stared at him before sighing in exasperation . “Utterly mad and
incorrigible,” she grumbled with a shake of her head before regaining her composure and
getting a sense of her strength. “But regardless, this shall at least ensure our efforts will not
be in vain. My thanks, Master.”
Ren nodded, then turned to the side as he felt a cough claw at his throat – and tasted the
coppery flavor of blood in his mouth. He let out a raspy breath as he tightened his grip on the
railing. Seems like he overdid it again. He had a long way to go .
The glowing spot became brighter as they got closer to it. Brighter. Brighter. Then it winked
out, leaving them in darkness once more. “ Now!” Loki roared. “ Get it to surface!”

“ Get underneath the whale and drive full force into it!” Tamamo yelled at Marie.
Marie quickly glanced at Ren, who grinned and nodded in confirmation. Snapping the reins,
the horse and carriage immediately whipped around, almost throwing off Ren and Tamamo in
the process, and rode straight toward the Bake-Kujira. For a moment, there was nothing but
darkness – then once more the gigantic white, decrepit whale loomed from the abyss as they
approached. Its mouth wasn’t open nor did it do anything – Ren had to guess it was
completely caught off-guard by them driving straight toward it as opposed to continuing to
run.
With a yank of the reins, the horse and carriage jerked downwards below the whale before
spinning around to face its belly. Ren saw the talismans flying out all around the bubble with
a far larger quantity heading towards the back, immediately put the pieces together, and
tightened his grip on the railing. As the crystalline horse began thundering toward the BakeKujira, hurricane force winds began blasting from behind, propelling it forward at
precedented speeds. A second later, they collided with the Bake-Kujira, the bubble sinking
into its disgustingly soft, rotting flesh, its cry of pain and outrage barely audible over the
winds. And yet they kept pushing. And pushing. And pushing.
There was a gigantic splash right above them, and soon they burst out of the ocean with the
whale on top of them. With his Third Eye, Ren could barely make out the shoreline in the
darkness of the night below them. A moment later, comets of blue flame rocketed up from
below and embedded itself into the Bake-Kujira’s flesh – Joan’s spears with ropes tied to
them.
Ren grinned madly as rapidly switched personas in his mind and tore off the mask.
“Hecatoncheires!”
The hundred-armed giant burst forth with a roar. Reaching around, it grabbed at the underside
of the whale, the rotten flesh doing nothing to dissuade its hold. The Phantom Thief saw the
rot eating away at the projected persona but disregarded it. With a roar, the giant threw the
onryō forward as the ropes reeled the whale in. A moment later, it crashed against the sands
as rocks with runes drawn on them began glowing, creating a gravitational bounded field to
restrict its movements.
The Bake-Kujira had been beached.
“Great work, guys,” Ren complimented as the carriage rolled back onto land. He jumped off
the carriage – and immediately fell to his knees with a cry as pain lanced through his body.
Every single muscle of his burned as his circuits throbbed deep in his flesh. He had pushed
himself hard, between Cybele’s and Maria’s healing and the abilities of Hecatoncheires and
Attis. Any further and he would probably black out like he did after healing Siegfried that
one time.
“ Master?!” Marie cried out in alarm as Tamamo stepped forward, a face of concern as she
looked over Ren. Through the haze of agony, he could hear and feel similar concern from
both Joan and Loki, though their words were far sharper.

“ Pushed myself a bit too hard,” he managed to gasp out as he struggled to his feet, with the
Caster grabbing on to his arm to support him as he did so. “ Nothing to worry about. Let’s just
get this hunt over with so I can get some rest.” As he spoke, he watched the Bake-Kujira
flopping around in the bounded field, struggling against the increased gravity. Though it
didn’t have eyes, the Phantom Thief could feel it glaring at them. The sheer malice and
hatred from it sent a cold chill down his spine. “ Don’t let your guards down,” he warned.
Just as he finished the sentence, the Bake-Kujira let out a howl. One far, far louder and more
powerful than anything it had unleashed back in the sea. The sheer sound of it blasted the
sand away from its body, rising to the very heavens themselves. It was full of utter rancor and
hatred – for the world, for humanity, for whalers, and most of all:
For them.
Ren screamed in pain as he collapsed on his knees again, his hands to his ears as he tried to
block out the sound. It compounded with the strain of his circuits and body, taking all of his
will to not collapse on the beach and shrivel up into nothing from the pure agony that
wracked through every single nerve. He thought he could feel liquid leaking from underneath
his hands – did his eardrums burst?
Exacerbating it was the hatred he could feel. He knew from the beginning this wasn’t a
normal hatred, but it felt… primal. Vicious. Unnatural. It bore down on him not like a
suffocating cloud, but a feral beast that tore the air from his lungs and wanted to claw its way
through his flesh. A rancor and hatred that would not suffer him – would not suffer any of
them – to exist. They would die, and there was nothing they could do to stop it. They would
die they would die they would die they would die they would die die die die die die DIE DIE
DIE DIE DIE DIE
“CYBELE!!”
Through the assault on his mind, Ren switched his personas and tore off the mask again, his
circuits searing into his flesh as he did so. The blue-skinned, horned goddess appeared once
again and pointed. A cool spring breeze fluttered past him, immediately relieving both mind
and body for the Phantom Thief as he gasped for breath – and the stench of rot filled his nose.
A moment later, the sound had muted considerably, enough for Ren to look up and see
Tamamo with a talisman straining against the Bake-Kujira’s cry. Behind her were the other
Servants who had managed to take shelter. Looking beyond the Caster, his eyes widened as
he saw a circle of decay spreading from the whale, turning the pristine sands underneath to a
putrid slurry and the scant plant life nearby into sludge.
“ Damnit,” Ren mentally cursed as he reached for another persona – and instead began
violently coughing and hacking, spraying blood into his hand. His circuits burned like white
hot metal had been inserted into his bones as he struggled to get air into his lungs. Between
all his magecraft usage and the enchantments that cast on his regular body and not his
cognitive Phantom Thief self, he had reached his limit.
“Ren!” he heard Marie cry out in concern before feeling cool hands wrap around him
protectively. “ Our Master is in poor condition. We need to retreat-“

“No,” Ren immediately rejected it, to the Rider’s shock as he stared hard at the shrieking
Bake-Kujira. “ We’re not gonna have a better opportunity to deal with it. We finish this here
and now.”
“ This, coming from someone who looks like they’re on death’s door,” Loki spat. “ You are far
less entertaining when you’re dead – and certainly not from you overexerting yourself.”
Ren heard a faint, dark giggle in his ear. “ The Avenger does speak sense,” the Beast
Candidate whispered. “ But you do have my insurance, do you not? Victory is well within
your grasp – all you need to do is reach out and seize it. Hesitate now and it may very well
mean everyone’s deaths. Bring that thing the peace it deserves, Trickster. It is well within
your capabilities.”
The Phantom Thief hesitated at her words. What was the right move here? Though his body
was wracked with pain, his circuits felt like liquid metal, and it was getting harder and harder
to breathe or focus, he could still continue to fight. Maybe a more passive role, where he
provided support like how Futaba did during their heists or Morgana did when they started
out“ He’s not gonna take a break,” Joan snarled. “ Caster, cover him. I’ll give you guys an
opening.”
Everyone looked at the Lancer in surprise, including Tamamo. “ … you have an idea, Joan?”
Ren asked quietly.
“ Just one,” she admitted with a bitter smile. “ And if I screw up, I’m basically dead. You’ll
know the opening when you see it. Just make sure our Master doesn’t do anything stupid
while I’m doing this.”
The Servants stared at her in surprise – then turned as a brief laugh escaped from Ren. “
Didn’t expect you to be that much of a daredevil,” he remarked with a weary grin. “ Fine. If
you’re in over your head, though, I’m calling you back by command seal and healing you.
Just letting you know.”
Instead of scowling, Joan frowned slightly. “ Of course you would,” she muttered. “ Now get
back, damnit.”
Ren watched as Loki and Marie took up defensive positions around him, then observed Joan.
The Lancer stepped forward and glanced over at Tamamo. The miko hesitated for a moment,
then fell back to defend the Phantom Thief as well, leaving a rapidly degrading talisman as
the only thing separating Joan from the Bake-Kujira. The onryō shrieked even louder,
causing the talisman to disintegrate even faster as the rot quickly spread past and around
them.
But Ren paid attention to none of that as he stared at the Lancer. The entire time, Joan hadn’t
turned around to check on them even once. Instead, she kept facing the whale, banner and
sword gripped tightly in hand. All he could see was her back, but the last expression he saw
on her face…

The Phantom Thief clenched his hand – the one where the command seals were embedded.
He meant every word he said. He wouldn’t let her die. He owed her that at minimum. She
would live, whether she wished it or not. It wasn’t a kindness – it was simply his selfishness
once again.
“ Good luck, Joan,” he murmured.
It was loud. The hatred and rancor in the Bake-Kujira’s cries filled and resounded in the air,
painful and keening. It pierced into her ears, clawed at her mind, and clutched cruelly at her
spirit. If she faltered even slightly, then this cry would unmake everything she was, is, and
would be. Despair and suffering were all that awaited her if she did. It was a power borne
from anger, from rage. Of injustice that would take a thousand, thousand lifetimes to even
come close to appeasing. It was horrifying, yet not unfamiliar to her.
It was quiet. The greatest sound in her ears right now was her own heartbeat, thundering in
her ears. Her own breaths, short and calm, contrasted with the madness around her. She
shifted her banner, hearing the faint sound of sand being brushed aside underneath. They
were all signs – signs of her existence in this world, whether she liked it or not. Signs of her
life, her path. They all told her one thing: She was alive. She wasn’t even a Servant, but a
living, breathing being.
And for what?
In front of her was an abomination – for that was what it was. One twisted by rage and
hatred, by willful cruelty and malice. A creature that, under different circumstances, could
have been peaceful. Perhaps even beautiful. Yet, as she observed its necrotized flesh and the
endless darkness within its eye sockets, she knew it would never have that chance. Nor would
there be a second chance for it. Not here, not ever. It did not deserve one: whether righteous
or not, its anger had twisted and consumed it, taking countless lives both human and wildlife
alike. It had and would cause far too much destruction.
And most of all, it would never stop. Not until the whole world was covered in flame – no,
not flame, she corrected herself. Rot.
Taking a deep breath, she lifted her blade, holding it parallel to the ground, and gathered her
power. “ My sins are my own, thy sins are thine own,” she intoned. As she did her body
began lighting itself in bright blue flames, starting from her feet and rising up to consume her
body. “ I walk my path in penance, expectant neither of mercy nor forgiveness.”
The talisman that had been protecting her crumbled away and the protective barrier dissipated
– and Joan gasped as both sound and rot struck her at once like a cruel wave of death. Blue
scales grew out of her body as she held her ground yet even they began rotting at the edges,
eventually falling away and new ones regrowing to take their place. After a moment, she
heard nothing anymore. Her eardrums had likely burst.
And above all, pain. Pain beyond anything she had ever experienced. Beyond any wounds
she had experienced in battle or the agony of being devoured alive. It was almost comparable

to being burned at the stake. It felt like she was being ruthlessly yet methodically shattered
and disintegrated - physically, mentally, and spiritually.
Despite it all, she tightened her grip on her weapons as she tasted the copper of blood in her
mouth. “ Thus, thou shalt walk alongside me,” she snarled as the blue flames around her
spread, burning away the rot on the ground around her. “ Until the judgement of hell descends
on us both!” Raising her blade, she pointed at the Bake-Kujira.
“ La Grondement de Résolution!” she roared.
The blue flames exploded in an inferno around her and rushed at the Bake-Kujira. The whale
shrieked in rage and agony as the conflagration enveloped it, burning away the rot and
hungrily consuming its dead flesh. Burning spears burst out of the ground and punctured
deep into the onryo’s body, fire traveling their length and incinerating it from within. Tendrils
of water spiked up from the sea and darted straight for the Lancer yet as they approached,
they simply vanished with the hiss of steam.
Joan watched weakly as the flames consumed the whale, leaning against her banner. These
were the flames of her sins, and now the flames of the Bake-Kujira’s sins. Just like the flames
never stopped burning for her myriad sins, they would never stop burning for the onryō. They
would only stop when they had devoured the entire existence of the whale as penance. It
deserved no less, just like she had.
That was her Noble Phantasm: To take in and bear her target’s sins and power and in return,
grant them the same flames that she believed should have consumed her. Hypocritical to a
disgusting degree yet it was her legend, nevertheless. Yet another cruel trick fate had played
on her.
Then out of the corner of her bleary, rotting eye, she noticed movement. Turning, she
scowled to see tendrils of water writhing out of the nearby sea once again. Mustering what
strength she could in her withering muscles, she raised her blade with a shaking hand as they
shot towards herAnd found herself crashing into the sand as something dove into her from the side, away
from their trajectories. “ Marie, Loki, Tamamo, now’s your chance!” Ren roared. “ Give it no
time to recover and no momentum! Take it out!”
The Lancer saw three figures jump into action and let out a deep breath. “Damnit, getting
really sick of all these close calls,” she growled weakly as she started to stagger up, using her
banner. Despite the scales and her Noble Phantasm, she knew she had taken a beating: She
had gone blind in one eye, a problem from the eye rotting away. She felt abnormally weak in
no small number of places, with sharp points of pain inside her body. A hack she couldn’t
suppress clawed its way out of her throat, splattering blood onto the putrid sand below. If she
died here, then perhaps it would be worth it. But…
“ You can say that again,” Ren rasped mentally, trying to help her up despite his own
weakness. “ Though we wouldn’t be half as successful if it wasn’t for you, Joan. ”

“ Keep your compliments to yourself ,” she snapped. “ I’m doing what I have to, no more and
definitely no less. ”
“ No, I won’t ,” Ren replied firmly. The sternness in his voice caused her to look back at him
in surprise. “ You have a body now and you can easily walk away to find your own path ,” he
elaborated. “ But you didn’t. You’re here and fought tooth and nail with us, and that means
more to us – more to me – than anything. Even if you think you’re just a sinner paying your
dues, that’s what you did, and I’m more than grateful to you for it. ” He closed his eyes as if
focusing.
“Cybele.”
The persona appeared once more time. A moment later, the pain Joan felt throughout her
body receded and vanished, like it had never existed to begin with. Her eyesight returned to
her, and she could hear again – and winced as she was assaulted with the sudden onset of the
sounds of battle and the cries of the Bake-Kujira. Her grip on her weapons strengthened as
she glared at the whale. Of course it wasn’t her time. Not yet.
Then her attention was taken again as Ren collapsed back onto the sand, gasping for breath.
Nevertheless, at Joan’s startled look, he gave a shaky grin. “ But if you ask me, there’s more to
you than just someone looking to make up for what they did,” he continued. “ You’re gonna
be even more awesome than you are now, which is saying something. So in the meantime,
take out that damn whale so I can show you woodworking already!”
The Lancer blinked several times, then shook her head in exasperation. “ If you’re trying to
piss me off so I’ll fight better, then job well done,” she snarled. Still, a small smile spread
across her face unbidden as she readied her weapons. “ I’ll hold you to your promise, Ren.
Count on it.” Without another word, she dashed toward the Bake-Kujira with inhuman
speeds. Bringing down her sword, she carved a deep, large furrow in the onryo’s body,
causing it to shriek in pain.
If that was the case, she could walk perhaps a little further. For now, that would be enough.
“ … we aren’t getting anywhere,” Tamamo muttered.
“ How do you figure?” Ren asked. He was on knee on the beach, watching the fight with his
Third Eye and coordinating as best he could. Even if it felt like his body was made of red-hot
coals with how it burned and how sore he was, he could at least do this much. “ Marie, water
lances coming your way,” he called out.
“ At least it is merely ocean water and not rot,” the Rider sniffed as she turned to send
multiple energy blasts to intercept them before dodging the last one. It was apparent the
decay hadn’t spread any further from the Bake-Kujira – a small blessing. “ A wash after this
might be in order, however. ”
“ We keep carving away at this damn thing, but it keeps regenerating,” Joan snarled. “ There
has to be some sort of core around here, but I’ve stabbed this thing in its heart, brain, any
vitals multiple damn times! Nothing!”

“ An onryō’s core may not be so simple at times,” Tamamo warned as she tossed a talisman,
creating fierce gusts that fed the blue flames that wrapped around the whale’s body. “ It is a
cursed being manifested from a deep grudge and lingering attachment. Cutting away at it
will weaken it but it may not be enough to exorcise-“
“ Loki, on your left!” Ren suddenly barked out.
The trickster god spun around and scowled as a giant waterspout lifted up. As they leapt
aside, dodging the torrent as it crashed down where they had been, they landed nearby the
Bake-Kujira’s eye. The Avenger glanced over, staring into the empty socket.
And it could see it: Hatred. Madness. Despondency. But most of all, grief. Deep, fathomless,
unending grief that stirred the Avenger’s heart, past all their own frustrations and anger.
This…this was a pain they knew.
For a moment, they did not move, instead frowning in consternation. Then they understood.
“ Give me a command seal order, Master.”
The request caught Ren off guard. It was devoid of any of Loki’s usual sarcasm or even their
temper. The tone was oddly – and disturbingly – hollow. “ Command me to throw my spear at
its core,” they stated. “ I’ll put an end to this once and for all.”
Ren hesitated, then nodded. Putting his trust in Loki, he raised his hand as the seals began
glowing. “ By my command seal,” the Phantom Thief intoned. “ Loki, use your Noble
Phantasm and destroy the Bake-Kujira’s core!” His command seals flashed brightly as a
wave of power washed over the Avenger, then faded away, with one section turning into
nothing more than a scuff mark.
The trickster god breathed deep as they held out their gun, which began changing shape. “ By
my words, destiny is set in motion,” they murmured. “ By my hand, blood will inevitably
flow.” In place of the gun in their hand now sat a crude spear made of some sort of dark
wood. At first sight it was nothing impressive, yet the dark power it radiated was
unmistakable. Gripping it tightly in their hand, they looked at the Bake-Kujira… then faced
the sea.
“ Mistilteinn.”
The Avenger launched the spear with a mighty throw, soon vanishing into the night sky as it
soared over the ocean. Through the darkness of the night, it traveled like a harbinger of death.
Over the waves. Through the winds. Then slowly it dropped as the tumultuous waves and
seas gave way to the remains of the rot the Bake-Kujira had inflicted. It pierced through the
water, diving into the silent depths of the ocean like a kingfisher plunging for its mark.
Through the silent void it plunged, past ocean and rot, past the countless drowned souls and
centuries of suffering and anger, to the fathomless depths below.
And into the heart of a small, ghostly being, unknown and unsought. It vanished into bones
that cracked, shattered, and disintegrated, becoming nothing more than part of the infinite
ocean. Then the spear unraveled and vanished, and a moment later, there was nothing left.

Back on the beach the Bake-Kujira froze, transfixed. “ Better not be preparing something,”
Joan growled. “ We’re running on fumes as is.”
“… I do not think that is the case,” Tamamo replied quietly as her talismans vanished from
her hands. “ It is over.”
They watched as the Bake-Kujira laid still on the beach, its body quietly flaking and
dissolving away with the sea breeze. The oppressive atmosphere of hatred and rancor that had
constantly surrounded it was gone, leaving nothing more than a departing spirit. “… So,
what’d you hit, Loki?” Ren asked. Even his quiet voice felt loud in the silence that followed.
“The source of its curse,” the Avenger grimly replied as they transformed back into their
regular clothes. “A spirit it had been searching for all this time and couldn’t find thanks to
whalers killing it: Its calf.”
The Phantom Thief’s mouth dropped slightly in shock, then closed it. “I see,” he murmured.
“So it had a good reason for going on a rampage, huh?” Joan grumbled as she walked up.
Despite her sharp tone, her gaze held nothing but sympathy as she stared at the Bake-Kujira.
“Guess people can be just as cruel as I… as I thought.”
Ren shook his head. “I’m not so sure if it’s cruelty.”
“And… how do you figure, monsieur Ren?” Marie asked, her voice barely above a whisper.
The Phantom Thief looked behind him at the village. “This place was run down and decaying
for a long while,” he explained. “Even their regular fishing boats were falling apart. Going
for a calf was probably their last shot at any bit of prosperity – or even just to survive the next
month. And even after all that, all they succeeded was killing it. They couldn’t even bring it
in properly.”
“… that doesn’t justify what they have done, Master,” the Rider quietly argued.
“It doesn’t,” Ren agreed. “It was a bad decision made from a bad situation. No more… and
no less.”
He fell silent as he watched the whale dissolve. As it reached the eyes, the empty eye sockets
cleared up slightly, showing the dark, beautiful eyes of a whale. With the last of its strength,
it let out a song. Deep, mournful, and utterly full of grief and pain. But there was also a note
of relief and contentment that resonated deep in their bodies. Its eye turned to them, gentle
and beautiful, before it disappeared with the wind as well. Even without speech, its message
was clear.
Thank you.
The queen silently set herself down on her knees and clasped her hands together, closing her
eyes in prayer as tears streamed down her face. Ren quietly bowed his head in respect and
mourning. Loki wordlessly picked up a small rock nearby, pricked their finger, and drew a
rune on the rock with the blood before tossing it in the Bake-Kujira’s direction. Tamamo

pressed her hands together and recited a prayer for it – a wish to pass on peacefully where it
may go.
For a moment, Joan stared at the passing spirit, hesitant. But eventually, her banner and
sword vanished from her hands as she brought them up in prayer, closing her eyes. A prayer
from her was laughable, deserving of nothing more than scorn. But if there was anyone –
anyone in this world – that could lend her their ear at least for a moment, then she prayed.
Prayed that at least, after everything the mother and child had gone through, they could
finally find peace. Even if it would forever elude her, they at least deserved that much.
A ping from the communicator caught the Phantom Thief’s attention. Stepping away from
the Servants for a moment, he turned it on, seeing both Artemis and Orion. “Hey guys,” he
greeted, forcing a smile. “It’s done.”
“ We saw,” the goddess of the hunt noted. Her mood as well as the teddy bear’s was far more
muted than before. “ Well done on the hunt… and for seeing it off. Both it and the calf. That is
to be commended.”
“Thanks,” Ren accepted. The praise felt incredibly hollow, though he had a feeling they knew
it. “No trophies this time though – it looks like it’s passing on. And honestly, after all that,
I’m not grabbing one anyway. It’s been through enough.”
“ Yeah, with you there,” Orion sighed. “ It’d leave a bad taste even for me. Still, it wouldn’t
be right to leave you empty handed after something like that. Hey dear, I don’t suppose we
can work something out?"
Artemis considered, then smiled. “ A magnificent hunt like that – and your respect – deserves
a boon from a goddess,” she agreed. “ Worry not about a trophy. I shall see that a worthy
substitute shall be set for the feast. In the meantime, I’ll notify the others you are ready to
return.”
Ren nodded. “Thanks, Artemis. Orion,” he replied. The image flicked off as they cut the
communication. The Phantom Thief sighed as he glanced back as the Bake-Kujira fully
disappeared as his Servants looked on, then looked to the night sky. The stars twinkled
brightly high above, beautiful yet uncaring of the mortal and spirit affairs below. Finally, the
Phantom Thief closed his eyes, the waves of the ocean filling his ears – and the final song of
the whale deep in his heart.
And as those who suffered from the cycle of cruelty prayed for one of their own, the hunts
finally came to a close.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!

https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 116: Banquet
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

A feast is a good time for celebration... and reflection.

Chapter Notes

So for those of you unaware, there has been a new smut chapter published in the
miniseries 'One More Night' between Ren and Tamamo. THAT IS NOW CANON. It is
NOT required reading - I shall make the necessary references and information available
in the main story proper when needed. It's just something to keep in mind as the series
continues. Otherwise, I hope you enjoy!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

A swirl of lights, a sensation of being pulled and a monstrous amount of vertigo later, and
Ren found himself staring into cramped, pitch-black darkness. His head fell back onto the
headrest with a soft thump as he breathed out a sigh of exhaustion. The hunt had been
exhausting in almost every way possible. The adrenaline was wearing off, leaving him
feeling haggard and weaker than he expected. He hadn’t felt so tired since those times he left
the Metaverse. Some sleep would be a good idea.
The doors hissed open, forcing him to squint and blink as his eyes adjusted to the light.
Staggering out of the pod, he breathed the sterile, fresh air of Chaldea – a far more pleasant
experience than constantly breathing in the sea brine and rot of the decaying village and the
Bake-Kujira. His legs were much shakier than he expected, forcing him to reach out and lean
on the pod to steady himself.
Then he heard a set of footsteps coming toward him. Looking up, he saw Ritsuka, Mash, and
surprisingly enough Nero approaching him. Tamamo, Joan, and Marie were talking to Da
Vinci nearby while Loki had vanished – though he saw the Rider glancing his way and flash
him a brief smile with a knowing twinkle in her eye. He couldn’t help but grin in response.
She always seemed to read the mood without fail.
“Welcome back, senpai!” Mash greeted cheerfully. “I hope the hunt went well? We weren’t
able to watch it, unfortunately – we all needed rest.”

“It’s Ren we’re talking about, Mashumallow,” Ritsuka interjected with a grin. “Of course it
did, right?”
The Phantom Thief nodded and grinned. “About as well as one could hope,” he answered. “It
was a tough one though – it turned the ocean around it into stagnant rotten water. It… uh,
wasn’t fun.”
“Umu, I can very well imagine,” Nero agreed with a sagely nod. “The stench is wafting off of
you considerably. I had thought to embrace you, as Cu Chulainn had said it is the highest of
luxuries to have lovely maidens awaiting your return-“ Both Mash and Ritsuka spluttered in
surprise as their cheeks turned a deep hue of red. “- but it seems that will have to wait until
after you have washed.”
Ren stared at Nero in surprise before plucking at his uniform and taking a sniff – and gagging
at the smell. Right, just because it had been filtered out from his nose didn’t mean the spray
hadn’t gotten onto his clothes. “… that’s a good idea,” he rasped out as he tried his best to
keep his expression even. “I appreciate the thought though – from all of you.”
He smiled earnestly at the three girls. Both Ritsuka and Mash turned an even deeper shade of
red as Nero puffed herself up even further. “Umu, naturally,” she agreed – then her eyes
widened. “But that gives me a new idea – a bath! What feast is complete without a bath to
indulge one’s self and relax in?! Yes, it must be done immediately!” Spinning on her heel, she
immediately dashed off to the bewilderment of the others.
“She really likes her baths,” Ritsuka remarked as she watched the emperor run off.
“Yeah,” the Phantom Thief agreed. “You should’ve seen hers back in Rome – it was massive.
It was only a quarter filled because of water rationing, but it was still something. Though I
wonder if she’ll consider modern sensibilities.”
“What do you mean by modern sensibilities, senpai?” Mash asked, tilting her head in
curiosity.
“If you have to bathe, you have to be naked, don’t you?” he elaborated. “And if we consider
how Nero is around everyone, both guys and girls, then…”
The Shielder’s eyes became wider and wider as Ren explained. “U-um, excuse me, senpai!”
she quickly said with a bow before dashing off after Nero.
Ritsuka watched the girl run off. “You realized she missed you,” she pointed out with a raised
eyebrow.
“I know,” Ren admitted with a rueful grin. “I’ll catch up with her later. Just… exhausted as
all hell right now.” Then he realized something and looked around. “Where’s Morgana?” he
asked. He thought his best friend would’ve been the first to greet him.
“He dashed for the coffin room – and immediately ran away yelling about how it smelled in
here,” Ritsuka answered, the tell-tale sign of laughter clear in her tone.

Ren smirked. “Glad to know his nose works as usual,” he remarked, causing the girl to burst
out laughing. “I’ll see him in my bedroom later on. In the meantime, I’ll catch you at the
banquet.”
“Sounds good,” the girl agreed.
The Phantom Thief nodded and began walking toward the door – then was almost tackled
from behind as he felt arms wrap around him. Blinking in surprise, he looked behind him to
see Ritsuka hugging him from behind. “Welcome back,” she murmured, barely audible
through his clothes.
Ren blinked several times before smiling. “Good to be back,” he softly replied.
Ritsuka’s arms tightened – then she suddenly jerked away, her face twisted in disgust. “Oh
gods Nero was understating it,” she wheezed. “Ren, you stink as much as you are hot! Go
wash or something!” With that, she ran off – though not before he caught a glimpse of her
blushing face as she dashed out the door.
The Phantom Thief could only chuckle to himself as he began walking out – and stepped
over a small cane as he did so. “Nice try, Loki,” he commented, moving past them without
even bothering to look at the Avenger.
Loki simply stood up from where they were crouched with a smirk. Well, it was worth a shot.
“A most marvelous hunt, my dear guest! The trials you have undergone very few have
experienced, and yet still you overcame them! You are truly quite remarkable!”
“Thanks, Igor,” Ren replied with a grin. If there was one thing he appreciated about the
Velvet Room, it was how constant it was: The soft music and singing, the panopticon design,
the Master of the Velvet Room always at his desk with his grin, and the coloration of the
room. He appreciated even more the clean, crisp air of the room (now that he thought about
it, he wondered if Igor or Lavenza even breathed). He had been hoping to visit the Room
after he fell asleep after a long shower and tossing every scrap of his clothes into the laundry
chute, and here he was. That said…
“Where’s Lavenza and Olga?” he asked, looking around. The two Attendants who almost
were always here to greet him were conspicuously absent.
“I believe they are in the Workshop at the moment,” Igor answered. “No doubt they will be
most glad to see you. That said, I believe you have undergone some experiences from the last
hunt?”
The Phantom Thief stared at Igor, then almost unconsciously placed his hand on his gut. A
chill went down his spine as the area ached from phantom pains. “You… you could say that,”
he replied, trying to keep his tone casual and even.
The Master of the Velvet Room nodded knowingly. Although his ever-present grin never
faltered, his gaze nevertheless was grave. “The strength of a Wild Card comes in many

forms,” he stated. “It forms not only from the bonds of others, but from your myriad
experiences – be they good… or ill. Even pain and injury can be a source of power, should
you learn to harness it.”
Ren quietly nodded in consideration. He had a feeling that might have been the case. Even
now, he was pondering how to think about such an experience. The excruciating pain, the
sickly sweet scent of his flesh rotting away, the chilling cold and weakness that spread
throughout his entire body… He should have been terrified out of his mind, and a part of him
still was. That was the logical response, after all.
But instead, he had been considering the novelty of it. It was the first time he had even come
close to being injured in such a manner. Back in Tokyo, his Personas had protected him from
most of his injuries, and even when he was arrested and interrogated, the worst he had
undergone was being drugged and beaten. Being obliterated by Yaldabaoth had been painless
– disturbingly so – and he hadn’t been so badly injured during his time at Chaldea up until
now.
He blew a small sigh. “Being a Wild Card is weird,” he muttered to himself. If Igor had heard
him, he showed no sign of it.
Whatever the case, he needed time and rest to mull on it. “I’ll keep that in mind,” he
murmured, lowering his hand as he pushed the phantom pain into the back of his mind. “It’s
always good to see you, Igor.”
Igor’s grin widened. “And you as well, my dear guest,” he acknowledged. “But for now, I bid
you a good evening and rest.”
The Phantom Thief grinned before walking into the cell that led to the Workshop. The Velvet
Room melted away into an interval of darkness before clearing up once more into Olga’s
usual workplace. “Hey guys,” he called over. “How’s it go…ing…”
Only for the place to be a lot messier than he expected.
Books, tablets, and scrolls lay in various states of either open, closed, furled, and unfurled all
around the room. Littered across the room were pages upon pages of notes. Some of them
were either completely filled out to the point that even the tiniest of margins had been written
in, some of them were half finished, and many others had angry scribbling as though they had
been crossed out in sheer frustration and anger. Ren had to pick his way carefully through the
books and documents, taking curious glances as he walked by.
Olga was at the astrolabe, poring over yet another book while Lavenza stood beside her, the
Compendium tucked underneath her arm. While normally as immaculate as her senior, the
former was disheveled, her yellow eyes practically burning into the aging pages of the text.
Suddenly snapping up, she rapidly spun the astrolabe, causing the starry heavens above to
whirl at a nauseating speed before abruptly stopping, then consulting with the book once
more.
As he approached, Lavenza looked up, her expression brightening. “Welcome back, my
Trickster,” she chirped with a smile. “We have been watching your hunts – they were truly

magnificent. I expected no less from you and your allies.”
“Thanks,” Ren replied with a grin. “It was a bit touch and go there, though I’m glad it
worked out. So, what’s all this about?” He nodded at the mess all around him. The Velvet
Room had always been a rather tidy place whenever he visited. Even the Workshop, while at
times messy, had a more organized chaos to it he expected from a workstation – which made
the current clutter all the more distinct.
“I’ve been trying to find some further way to assist you on the mission, Amamiya,” Olga
snapped before Lavenza could answer, turning her bloodshot eyes on him. Ren was idly
struck with a thought if she needed sleep at all. “Making a deal with a Beast Candidate,
getting injured while you’re out on a mission like that – they were all risks you had to
undertake. I won’t say they were unnecessary, but… you shouldn’t need to. Not with what
you can do.”
“Olga-“ Ren began.
“So I’ve taken upon myself to see if there’s anything more I can do to empower your
personas and your magecraft,” she interjected without letting him finish. “It’s easier said than
done, of course – I’m still trying to work out connecting astrology to all your personas, but
the problem is that there as many interpretations of constellations as there are demons in the
Sea of Souls and trying to find correlating matches to properly empower them as opposed to
the current hackshod method is like finding a needle in an ocean-sized haystack-“
“How long has she been like this?” Ren murmured to Lavenza as Olga continued to rant and
ramble about her research.
“Ever since you have made your contract with the Beast Candidate Draco,” she answered just
as quietly. “She has been working feverishly to find some method to strengthen and aid you
further. We have made the resources of the Velvet Room available to her, but it is still limited
much to our consternation.”
The Phantom Thief frowned. “I see,” he replied. Stepping forward, he reached out and placed
a gentle hand on Olga’s shoulder, causing her to freeze. “You’ve been working hard,” he
noted, glancing back down at her materials. “And I appreciate that. I really do. But these are
all risks I chose to take, so you don’t have to stress yourself-“
“Enough, Amamiya,” she interrupted with a sigh. Ren pulled away his hand as she turned
around at him with a glare – not one filled with anger, but with frustration and desperation.
“Everything that has happened so far, from your deal with that monster to your injuries, has
been my fault,” she growled. “If I had my way, you would’ve been staying back in Chaldea
while someone who was specifically trained for this would handle the situation. Instead,
you’re made to bear burden after burden, mopping up the mess I have left behind in Chaldea
when it should've been my responsibility to begin with.”
She let out a long, ragged breath before sagging in exhaustion. “So please, do not tell me to
not stress myself,” she whispered. “I have much to make up for. Far too much. If there is

some way I can alleviate some of the responsibilities that lay on your shoulders, even a little
bit, then I want to find it.”
The Phantom Thief paused to consider his words. He had been taking this too casually.
“Sorry,” he apologized, causing Olga to blink in surprise. “I was making light of your work
and efforts before. I shouldn’t have. But you have been doing great, you know?”
With a mental command, Cerberus appeared in a flash of blue flame beside him. With a
smile, he ran a hand through the lion’s mane, causing it to purr and rub up his leg – an action
that almost knocked him over if he didn’t brace himself at the last second. “The personas
you’ve been working on all feel more natural and easier to use,” he continued. “And
considering how often I’ve been using their abilities, it’s been a godsend. I should be talking
to you more about improving them, to be honest, so that part’s my fault.”
He turned back to Olga with a gentle smile. “You’re doing everything you can,” he reassured
her. “And I appreciate it, Olga. I really do.”
The Attendant stared at Cerberus, who easily walked over to brush up against her leg as well.
Almost unconsciously, she reached up to pet it, feeling its purrs through her legs. “That’s…
good to hear,” she whispered, almost more to herself than to Ren. A companionable silence
fell in the room as Lavenza looked on, smiling proudly and happily once more at her
Trickster for defusing the situation.
A moment later, she straightened up and cleared her throat. “Apologies for my outburst,
Amamiya,” she stated, regaining her composure. “The stress from events as of late have been
trying my patience. I’m glad to hear you’re appreciative, though I will still be stepping up my
research – there is something that can be done, though the answer is still eluding me. I will
have no rest until I find it.”
“Well in that case, we might as well try to make things more productive,” Ren concluded as
he leaned against the table with his arms crossed. “How can I help?”
Olga frowned as she tapped her finger on her book in thought. “That’s the tricky part,” she
grumbled. “I’m trying to gather proper information both on astrological connections and
personas. The problem with that is that there’s so much of it, relevant and irrelevant, that it’s
difficult to parse precisely what I can use and what I can ignore. It could very well simply be
that I’m not far enough in my studies of demons and Personas, but it’s still a vexing
quandary.”
The Phantom Thief pondered for a moment. “Hm,” he hummed. “Maybe it would help if you
could see how a Persona actually affects me? Studies are great and all, but a live example
might be more useful.” Switching masks, the white clad blond figure of Clotho appeared
behind him. As he relaxed his control over his persona, his mask appeared on his face with a
flash of blue flames.
Looking back up at a surprised Olga, he smiled wryly. “Of course, a cloth is dependent on the
thread from which it is spun,” he murmured softly. Clotho simultaneously spoke with him,
their two voices blending into an eerie yet harmonious chorus. “Perhaps there is an
interesting seam or knot you may find peculiar enough that warrants further observation.”

The Attendant stared in surprise at the two of them, then picked up a nearby clipboard.
Muttering underneath her breath, her eyes began glowing as she turned to face him – signs of
reinforcement, Ren noted. After a brief touch on his shoulder, she began orbiting the two,
jotting down notes and diagrams as her eyes flicked between Ren and Clotho. They both
remained still for her to not disturb whatever she might be seeing, though the Phantom Thief
noticed out of the corner of his eye Lavenza watching in curiosity and interest.
Olga, meanwhile, observed the links between Ren and Clotho, as well as peering at his mask
with her reinforced eyes. It was a preliminary magecraft she had worked out, blending
reinforcement and structural analysis with her developing knowledge of demons, personas,
and cognitions. It was rough, but this would also serve as a good test and experiment. She
saw far more than she could before – including all the various flaws and holes in Ren’s mask.
Invisible to the human eye, and perhaps even to the Phantom Thief’s knowledge, but they
were there. Some of them seemed to be purposefully built in to the mask, but others were
obvious imperfections.
Then an idea struck her. Tearing her gaze away, she dashed straight back to the astrolabe and
almost ripped open her copy of the Compendium while her other hand began spinning the
astrolabe again at a dizzying speed. Her eyes flicked feverishly between the notes on her
clipboard, the Compendium, and the various constellations that appeared.
Ren and Lavenza glanced at each other in mutual surprise. “You got an idea?” the former
guessed as his mask and Clotho faded away.
“One that I genuinely should’ve considered sooner,” she muttered in a bemused tone. She
whirled back to Ren, her eyes now gleaming with determination. “You said adjustments
couldn’t be done on the field, Amamiya, and you would be correct. However, they can be
done in the Velvet Room – specifically the Workshop. We can also replicate conditions of the
field, environmental or otherwise, and adjust them as necessary. The only thing now is how
to replicate combat since it will be hard finding something powerful and versatile enough to
challenge you…”
“Perhaps I might be of assistance in that regard?”
Both of them turned to see Lavenza stepping forward with a beatific smile on her face. “As
one who rules over power, I excel in the usage of personas and their abilities,” she explained.
“And I have sparred with the Trickster no small number of times – I’m quite familiar with his
tactics and capabilities. I believe he is familiar with our sessions?”
Ren chuckled. “Yeah, I definitely remember,” he replied, reminiscing on the fights. Facing
off against Caroline and Justine and then Lavenza later on had been some of the hardest
fights he had ever been in during his original adventures. Even with the cognitions of his
friends backing him up and all of them fighting together, it had been a struggle each and
every time.
Still, he couldn’t help but feel excited. He wondered how his abilities had improved since
then, and how he’d fare against Lavenza now? She would likely trounce him, but it was a
good opportunity to improve – both his own combat capabilities and Olga’s on-the-fly

adjustments. The specter of progress, of change and growth was already getting him
energized.
Being a wildcard really was weird.
“Very well,” Olga agreed. “We’ll begin the adjustments at a later date. For now, Amamiya,
you need rest, especially after such a harrowing hunt. The Bake-Kujira put up an incredible
fight, and while I’m glad you succeeded, you need a break before the next wave comes.”
There was a brief silence before Olga looked up at Ren with a suspicious glare. “What?” she
demanded.
“’The next wave’?” Ren commented, causing the Attendant to turn red as he smiled in
amusement. Lavenza nearby giggled at the wordplay. “Really?”
The older girl sighed in exasperation. “You know what I mean,” she snapped, trying to
suppress her embarrassment. “Now unless you’ve some other business, I believe we’re done
here.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled as he raised his hands disarmingly. “Alright, alright,” he
relented. “I’ll go back to sleep then. And Olga… again, thanks. For everything.”
Olga froze again, then deflated a bit. “You’ve already said,” she grumbled, turning back to
her work. “But… you’re welcome regardless.” She kept her silence as Ren walked away, his
footsteps eventually fading into the nothingness.
“He’s quite a man, the Trickster,” Lavenza commented admiringly.
The former director looked into the shadows where he had walked away. “That’s a way to put
it,” she muttered before opening a scroll. There was much she still had to do.
The banquet had yet to start, yet the air was already buzzing with anticipation and
excitement. The giant bat lay in the center of one firepit while the chimera lay in another.
Their bodies were so massive that the already grand pits had to be further expanded to hold
them properly. Artemis was currently absent, seeking something worthy for the third firepit
which lay empty and forlorn – the only thing that marred the otherwise grand sight of the
oncoming festivities.
Boudica wheeled more vegetables in, taking another glance at the great beasts that were
nestled in the firepits. Even after fighting against the bat personally, she was still amazed at
how grand a being it had been. Now stripped of its armor and decorations, it looked
diminished, like it was nothing more than a mere beast as opposed to the magnificent creature
that caused no end of trouble to her and her allies. It was truly an odd feeling, but the
satisfaction of being victorious trumped over it. Whether it was humans and beasts, they were
the same once they were stripped of their raiment.
Glancing over casually, she saw Da Vinci, Archer, and surprisingly Siegfried as well as a few
senior staff of Chaldea discussing and debating with each other. From the snatches of

conversation she could pick up, they were discussing the best way to butcher the animals,
how to partition the parts for research or for eating, and how to actually properly prep and
cook them. The ideas and topics flew thick and fast, enough that Boudica quickly lost track
of the conversation before she passed them by.
She couldn’t help but chuckle to herself. Even during her time, preparations for a feast were
only second in excitement to the feast itself. She was glad that at least hadn’t changed after
all this time.
“Where should I bring these?”
The Rider turned to see Martha and Jeanne carrying boxes of fruit and desserts. “Set the fruits
over by the workstation over there if you could,” she said, pointing over to a large, open
kitchen a small distance away. “And the desserts over to the catering table over there –
though do try to keep Marie from snacking on them.”
Jeanne giggled. “I’m sure she knows how to restrain herself,” the saint commented before
bringing them over to the table, where the queen was happily assisting and directing with
creating the spread up to her standards.
Martha joined her fellow Rider as they walked to the kitchen with their own ingredients. “I
feel slightly out of place here,” she commented with a small, embarrassed laugh.
“Celebrations are one thing, but I’m not used to grand feasts or banquets like this.”
Boudica smiled. “They’re a lot less daunting than you think,” she reassured her. “The greatest
worry is usually the men getting too drunk and starting a brawl, but most of us have decent
enough sense not to start – and enough strength to prevent it from happening anyway. It’s
usually just a good time for everyone.”
The saint pursed her lips as they dropped off the ingredients, leaving the robots to deal with
any prep work. “What do you typically do at feasts, Boudica?” she asked.
“A lot of eating, drinking, dancing, games, and occasionally fighting,” she replied, smiling in
reminiscence. “They’d start from the evening and go long into the night. It was often a night
of revelry where men and women of different tribes met, talked, and competed. Many
friends, rivals, and even partners were found during those times, and we celebrated with our
whole hearts – be it marriage, a good hunt, a victorious battle, or more.”
“I can imagine,” Martha murmured, nodding with pensive eyes. Then she immediately
blinked. “Erm, not that I have much interest in such things,” she quickly added. “I simply
wish to know how to properly comport myself in unfamiliar social settings, yes. It wouldn’t
be proper if I simply attended one while being unaware of the circumstances.”
“Of course, of course,” the Iceni queen easily accepted. Then a bit of motion caught her eye.
Turning, she blinked in surprise to see Nero strutting forward while Mash tailed behind her,
desperately trying to speak to her about something. Her smile morphed into a frown of
concern. “Excuse me for a moment, Martha,” she apologized.

The saint followed her gaze, then scowled as she nodded. “Of course,” the saint
acknowledged.
Boudica flashed her a quick smile before following after the two. For the most part, she had
been avoiding Nero. She could be civil around her when necessary and perhaps even fight
alongside her. Chaldea was a place with a noble goal: To save humanity and bring back the
world. That hadn’t changed, and everyone who joined were all aligned in that goal. It was a
cause she was glad to lend her sword in.
However, that didn’t erase the past. Nero was the emperor of the people who killed her
husband and despoiled her daughters. She would never, ever forget that.
“Hm, you make a good point, Mash Kyrielight,” Boudica heard Nero speak as she
approached. “While others cannot marvel in my glorious magnificence, I suppose this
method will be a reasonable substitute. I shall bear this in mind. Now, please excuse me – it
seems there is more work to be done!”
“Yes, of course, emperor,” Mash hurriedly accepted. As Nero walked off, she breathed an
audible sigh of relief.
“I take it she’s being difficult in some way?” Boudica asked, looking grim as she approached
from behind.
Mash jumped in surprise, clutching at her chest as she whirled on the Rider. “B-Boudica!”
she gasped. “I didn’t expect you here!”
The queen raised her hands disarmingly. “Oh, sorry Mash!” she apologized. “I didn’t mean
to! I just happened to overhear the conversation and was wondering what happened.” Nero
had taken the opportunity to organize the entire banquet to begin with – something she had
reluctantly accepted since she knew no one would be better at such a thing than the emperor.
To that end and to further her Masters’ goals, she set aside her grudge to assist in
preparations.
“Oh, it’s quite fine,” Mash quickly reassured her. “I’m sorry for being so startled. I had just
convinced Nero to institute a bathing suit policy when she makes her public baths in the
simulator. I told her it would be a great way to showcase her fashion. Otherwise, we would
all be naked and she would have it all mixed gender so we could all, um, behold her and each
others’ glory.”
Her face turned red as she explained while Boudica barely prevented herself from blanching.
The sight of Nero like that was something she did not need to witness, nor did she care for
witnessing anyone else naked either if she could help it. “I’m glad you managed to convince
her otherwise,” the queen replied with a grateful smile. “But you’re rather working hard after
such a difficult hunt. We Servants may not tire, but you must be exhausted – our Masters
certainly were.”
The Shielder shook his head. “Oh no, quite the opposite,” she replied. “I still feel rather
energized and ready to go. I hadn’t helped out much in the hunt either, so I thought the least I
could do was help out with the preparations here.”

Boudica raised an eyebrow. “I find that hard to believe,” she noted. “Are you downplaying
your contributions to the hunt? You’re strong, intelligent, and capable, Mash, as well as
incredibly brave and determined. I have no doubt you gave your full effort into it as much as
you’ve done for everything else.”
At her words, there was a shift in Mash’s gaze that she caught – one she had noticed many
times in her own daughters before. “Unless you think you didn’t give it your all?” she
prodded.
Mash froze at the question like a deer caught in headlights, then sighed sadly. “You… would
be correct,” she agreed quietly.
The confession surprised the queen, though she didn’t show it. “What makes you say that?”
she inquired curiously.
The Shielder paused, then hesitantly reached to her side and drew her sword. Almost
immediately, the light seemed to catch on the blade, glinting proudly in the simulated
sunlight. “I had not used this at all during the hunt,” she admitted, her voice diminished in
shame.
Boudica nodded pensively, then offered a hand. “May I?” she asked.
Mash blinked in surprise, then handed the sword over in both hands, which the Rider
accepted in kind. She looked over the blade, admiring the sheer beauty of it. Easily twirling it
in her hand, she felt how it sliced through air. It was light - yet not overly so - and rather
evenly balanced, excellent for putting one’s weight and strength behind it so it could cut and
pierce without needing to overcommit. It was a fantastic sword. Moreover, it thrummed with
power. It was dormant, but even as she grasped it, she could feel the potential within. This
sword wasn’t simply some mere mystic code, she could tell that much.
And yet… it felt odd in her hands. It was a fantastic sword in every way possible, yet it didn’t
sit right in her grip. It wasn’t just a matter of being another blade besides her own – it felt like
it was made for someone else entirely. That no matter how often she used it, it would never
feel like a part of her. It may have been a small matter, but small matters would often be the
gulf between life and death in battle.
“It’s a magnificent sword,” she commented as she handed it carefully back to the Shielder. “I
don’t recall you having this back in the Roman singularity. Did you unlock more of your
spirit origin?”
Mash shook her head. “It was a gift,” she amended her. “From Ren-senpai.”
That caught the queen off guard. “From our Master?” she echoed.
The Shielder nodded in confirmation. She opened her mouth to seemingly elaborate, then
shook her head at the last second. “I-it’s nothing to speak of really. Just, um…” she quickly
stammered, her eyes darting about nervously. “There’s still so much to do to prepare for the
banquet and, um, I really don’t think it’s right to take you away from that! In fact, I should be
helping out instead!”

The queen’s frown deepened as she opened her mouth to deny her and prod her further…
then an idea came to her. “Hm, well if you’re sure about that,” she said as a smile slowly
spread on her face. “Then I’ll take you up on it. There’s prep work to be done in the kitchen.
While the robots can take care of most of it, they just don’t have that same touch people have.
Want me to show you a thing or two?”
Mash blinked several times in surprise as she was handed back the sword, then nodded. “I-if
you could,” she enthusiastically replied. “I’d love to!” The Rider grinned. They both went
into the open-air kitchen where the queen dismissed the robots. Dressing themselves in
aprons and washing their hands, they got to work chopping up vegetables.
“Keep your fingers tucked in like a cat’s paw,” Boudica guided her after looking up from her
own work. “Don’t aim for speed – aim for neatness and efficiency. Cut down and let the knife
do the work for you.”
“R-right,” Mash replied. Her brow furrowing in concentration, she cut down on the tomato
into slices, making sure to follow how the Rider taught her. Once she was done, she gathered
them and brought the knife down again to dice them up. It required finer control than she was
used to, but it was simply a matter of practice and repetition. For now, it was better to focus
on getting it done right, like Boudica said.
The queen glanced over at her progress and smiled. “You’re doing good so far, Mash,” she
complimented while she continued peeling the potatoes. “Once you’re done, do you mind
cutting up those onions over there? No pressure if you’re not able to, however.”
The Shielder looked over at the indicated vegetables and blinked. Would onions affect her
like they do to regular people? “I’ll do my best!” she answered.
“Sounds good,” Boudica replied. The Rider quietly watched her retrieve the box of onions
and place it near her before taking the cutting board to wash off the tomato juices first. “Do
you want to talk about what happened?” she quietly prodded as she finished with the last
potato and setting them aside.
Mash froze at the question, the running water splashing ineffectually against the board.
“It’s…. i-it’s nothing worth mentioning,” she murmured, weakly grabbing a sponge and
scrubbing off the residue.
“If it’s nothing worth mentioning, it wouldn’t be affecting you like this,” the queen quietly
countered.
The Shielder was silent as she missed a clean cut on the onion in her grasp for the third time.
Again, silence settled over them – this time cooler and more awkward compared to the
companionable warmth of before. It was broken only by the crinkling of Mash removing the
skin of the onions. Boudica waited patiently but was prepared to resign herself. If she didn’t
wish to talk about it, then it wasn’t her place to ultimately pry. As she reached for a bell
pepper…
“The sword was meant to be… different.”

The Rider looked up in surprise and curiosity. “How so?” she asked as she placed the pepper
on the cutting board.
Mash brought down her knife on the onion, roughly cutting it into uneven halves. “Rensenpai said my shield was for others,” she quietly elaborated. “To protect and assist when
necessary. That’s the power I was given from the Heroic Spirit within me. But… he also said
that I don’t know how to use the shield for myself.”
“So, he gifted me the sword,” she continued, looking down at the blade, sheathed and
hanging from her side. “He said it was meant to be for my own desires and goals. I asked him
what they should be, maybe to at least have a bit of guidance.”
The queen’s knife stilled. “And what did he say?” she asked, keeping her tone even while
trepidation began building in her stomach.
The Shielder shook her head sadly. “He said he can’t tell me,” she sighed. “It’s something I
need to figure out for myself.”
Boudica’s eyes narrowed slightly as she considered. “I see,” she murmured as she continued
chopping the pepper, her worry melting away slightly. “That’s… quite a meaning to attach a
gift.”
“It is,” the Shielder agreed, carefully dicing up the onions. “I’ve been trying to reflect on
what I want, and how my sword would help me – but I wasn’t able to think of anything. And
because of that, I neglected to even properly train with it despite having such a wonderful
gift.”
The Rider nodded in understanding. “That can happen from time to time,” she acknowledged
sympathetically. That wasn’t unheard of – everyone was guilty of getting so stuck in their
thoughts that they didn’t pay attention to even fundamental tasks.
Even her family had been no exception – she recalled a time when her husband had been
ruminating over a tribal meeting so much, he tossed a log too hard into the fire and caused
sparks to land on the fur rugs of their home. The fury she unleashed that day had no equal up
until then.
“Does this have something to do with the hunt?” she ventured.
Mash’s knife faltered and slipped off the smooth surface of the onion, cutting her fingers. She
hissed in pain before gently setting down the knife, watching crimson weep from her hands.
“Mash-!” Boudica cried out in alarm. She moved to retrieve the first aid kit stashed
underneath the counter“No, it’s fine!” the Shielder quickly replied. With a flicker of light, her appearance changed
into her Servant attire: An armored leotard with grieves, her legs protected by the faulds
wrapped around her waist. The aura of power emanating from the demi-Servant was palpable
even to a fellow Servant like Boudica, though it also radiated with inexperience.

The queen watched as Mash’s wounds glowed and sealed back up without any fanfare before
her hands were enclosed in her usual gloves and gauntlets. “Using your Servant abilities to
heal such a small cut is a bit extreme, is it not?” Boudica asked as she relaxed.
Mash stared at her gauntleted hands. “Maybe,” she murmured. “But something like this
barely even compares to what Ren-senpai could do.” With another flicker of light, she
changed back to her regular wear, including the apron she had adorned herself with.
Straightening her glasses, she grabbed the partially sliced onion and brought it to the sink to
wash the blood off.
Boudica watched the girl gloomily work. “You hold a lot of respect for him,” she noted
carefully as she set her knife aside to fully face her.
The Shielder slumped a bit more. “Senpai is incredibly capable,” she murmured. “I called
him that because he is my senpai in life, but… it feels like every day, there’s a gulf that just
keeps getting wider and wider. One I can never cross. Even with my Servant abilities, I
almost feel…unneeded.”
The Rider leaned against the counter as she watched Mash closely. “And how are his efforts
any different from what you are doing?” she asked.
“He knows how to use every bit of his power and knowledge,” Mash whispered. “But… I
can’t. This beautiful sword he granted me – during the hunt, I hadn’t used it once. I-I thought
back, and there were at least multiple instances I could have used it to finish the hunt sooner.
For some reason, however, I never even considered it. I just kept fighting the whole time like
I always did. Even now, I’m hesitant to draw it to fight. And… and I don’t know why.”
Boudica leaned back to consider. Young love wasn’t unfamiliar to her – she had seen it with
her own daughters and even felt it herself in life – but this was far more complex. Basing the
trajectory of one’s life around or following a person wasn’t unheard of, but it was rarely
healthy. Especially for someone like Mash, who was still taking in everything about life
through her surroundings and the people she interacted with.
And in the end, where did Ren Amamiya stand? With his incredible charm and experience, it
would be incredibly easy to wrap such a vulnerable girl around his finger if he so wished.
What was his intent for her with this sword, or just in general? It was uncommon for a young
man to leave her so utterly mystified. Few could.
Then she shook her head. Again, she was attributing aspects she had no proof of to someone
she wasn’t familiar with. Her concern was getting the best of her. Right now, she needed to
focus on what was in front of her: Mash feeling inadequate compared to her Master, and how
to help with that.
“Our Master has set a rather high standard,” Boudica agreed. “One that many would struggle
to reach, Nor does he rest on his laurels. Comparing yourself to him may be inevitable, but…
I don’t think that will help you, Mash.”
Mash looked up in surprise. “What do you mean?” she inquired.

The queen gently smiled. Reaching around her, she placed her hands on Mash’s own to guide
them. “Ren has already gone through a myriad of experiences, both in the real world and his
own battlefields,” she gently elaborated. “That experience has molded him differently from
your own, especially when you’re just taking your first steps. To compare yourself to him
isn’t fair to anyone – especially for yourself.”
“Then… what can I do?” the Shielder asked plaintively, as Boudica’s gentle guidance led her
hands to a clean cut of the onion.
The Rider smiled sympathetically. “Focus on what you can do,” she answered. “You are still
a strong, intelligent, capable young woman, Mash, one with many paths forward, not just
Ren’s. And as capable as he is, even he needs someone to watch his back; the mightiest can
be overwhelmed when they stand alone. There is no doubt he’ll rely on your strength in the
coming days – far more than you think.”
Then an idea struck her as she finished helping mash with her culinary task, setting down the
knife. “If you wish,” she offered. “I can also teach you how to use your sword.”
At Mash’s surprise and to emphasize her words, she stepped back and summoned her own
shield and sword. “While the shapes are different, there’s still fundamental techniques to
using them in tandem,” she explained. “I’m sure Leonidas can also train you in them if you
ask. If that sword is meant to be a tool to help you reach your goals, then the best thing you
can do with it is learn how to use it until it’s second nature, wouldn’t you agree?”
Mash stared at the weapons in Boudica’s hands, her eyes rapidly brightening. “That… yes,
that’s an excellent idea, Boudica!” she exclaimed. “I will have to ask Leonidas to see if you
can work with us, but please teach me!”
The Rider grinned as her armaments vanished. “That sounds good to me,” she accepted
cheerfully. “In the meantime, we should get back to work – there’s a lot to do and when it
comes to preparing for a feast, there never seems to be enough time.”
“Right!” the Shielder agreed. Boudica smiled as the girl turned back to focus on her own
work before turning to stare at the door of the simulator, a bemused frown deepening on her
face.
Just what was Ren Amamiya thinking?
It had been a while since he felt such relief.
Ren looked himself over in the mirror. He still looked tired, but he felt far fresher than he had
been before. Was it because he finally finished with the hunts? Or was it because there was a
banquet waiting for him? Maybe it was because he helped Olga find a way forward through
her troubles? It could very well be a combination of all of them.
“You’re looking sharp, Ren – besides your hair. But then, is it even possible for it to not be
messy?”

The Phantom Thief smirked as he turned around to see Morgana in his cat form sitting at the
bathroom door, smiling. “I look and feel good, all things considered,” he quipped back. “Has
your nose recovered?”
“Ugh, more like your room finally aired the stink out,” the catlike being blanched. “My nose
was burning every time I approached. Even now it still reeks, though the air conditioner and
the robots have taken care of the worst of it.”
“Glad that helped,” Ren replied. It would take longer for Chaldea’s air filtration systems to
fully clean out the stench, but at least he didn’t smell like rot anymore. “How’d your hunt go?
I’m guessing you probably had an easier time than me.”
“Don’t even joke about that,” Morgana snapped. “One bat is loud enough, but there were
hundreds, maybe even thousands of bats there, and there was still that gigantic bat! I’m
surprised I still have any hearing left after that hunt and Halloween! And do you have any
idea how much bat dung smells ?! We couldn’t even pick up any treasure from the temple
since we don’t wanna risk offending gods if we don’t have to!”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow. “I thought we made a regular habit of offending
gods,” he quipped as he reached for a t-shirt. “Even by accident, if we go by Artemis.”
His best friend sighed. “Yeah, but better safe than sorry,” he reluctantly admitted. “At least,
that was what Medea said. Didn’t want to make the situation any more complicated than it
had to be.”
“Good point,” Ren agreed as he pulled on his shirt. “Speaking of which, I think Artemis is
bringing her own offering to make up for us not bringing anything back. Hear anything about
that?”
Morgana blinked several times, then shook his head. “Nope,” he replied. “I’ve been sleeping
and recovering while waiting for you. Only thing I heard is that preparations are going great
and that they’re almost done.”
“Sounds good,” the Phantom Thief acknowledged as he pulled on the coat for his Master
uniform. He took a brief moment to sniff at it and smiled – he never knew fresh laundry
could be so satisfying to smell. “Then I guess we’ll find out when we get there.”
“Right,” Morgana agreed. The catlike being hesitated for a moment, then asked quietly.
“So… are you okay? I-I heard you got hurt pretty badly in the hunt.”
Ren wasn’t surprised. Something like that would’ve obviously been told to the others, if they
didn’t witness it themselves by watching him. “It was… surprising, to put it mildly,” he
admitted. “But I’m fine now. You don’t have to worry, Morgana.” Even as the words left his
mouth, he almost unconsciously put a hand on his stomach before catching himself and
lowering it. The resulting phantom pain was something he would learn to ignore.
‘ Even pain and injury can be a source of strength, huh?’ he thought to himself.

Morgana’s tail waved in concern as he decided what to say, then finally nodded reluctantly.
“Alright,” he replied. “Just don’t push yourself too hard, okay? The real world is a lot more
dangerous than the Metaverse – especially when we can’t freely use our Persona powers. So
try not to get hurt too badly.”
“I make no promises,” Ren replied with a broad grin, causing the catlike being to groan
loudly in exasperation.
Suddenly, the door alarm went off. Both Ren and Morgana looked at each other, then the
former walked over to tap the screen – and was greeted with the smiling visage of Ritsuka.
Unexpected, but not unwelcome.
“Good-“ He checked the time. “Afternoon, Ritsu,” he called out. “What’s happening?”
“ Not much,” Ritsuka replied cheerfully. “ From what I hear, they’re putting the finishing
touches on the banquet. For now, I just wanted to ask if you could make us some coffee, then
we can hang out and chat? I wanted to hear all about how your hunt went!”
Ren chuckled. “You couldn’t hear about it from the others? I’m sure Roman, Da Vinci, or
Artemis would’ve filled you in,” he remarked.
The redheaded girl pouted. “ Fine, I really just want your coffee,” she relented, her eyes
pleading. “ Please, Ren, you have me addicted to the stuff. You’re my only hope at this
point!”
“And now you’re just exaggerating,” the Phantom Thief retorted with a smirk, to which the
girl immediately grinned mischievously. “Alright. Just give me a bit and I’ll be right out.
Morgana’s here too, by the way, so he’ll be coming with.” He checked behind him just in
case, and the catlike being immediately nodded in confirmation. That settled it.
Ritsuka nodded in response. “ Sounds good,” she acknowledged. “I’ll wait out here until
you’re ready.”
Ren nodded and the image winked out. “Looks like we’ve a long day ahead of us, Morgana,”
he commented with a grin as he buttoned up his jacket.
“Hasn’t that been almost every day?” the catlike being bemoaned, though unable to hide a
smile of his own as well. “Come on – I miss your coffee too.”
A minute later, the door hissed open and Ren stepped out into the hallway with Morgana
perched on his shoulder. Ritsuka looked up from where she was leaning on the opposite wall
and grinned. “Hope it’s not a habit of yours to make a girl wait,” she teased.
“A Phantom Thief typically arrives fashionably late,” he retorted with an easy grin. “But for
you, I made an exception. I thought you’d bring Mash too.”
Ritsuka shook her head as she stood back up. “She’s helping with the preparations and from
what I hear, she’s really getting into it,” she replied. “It wouldn’t be fair of me to ask her to
pull away. We’ll catch up with her at the banquet.”

“I wonder what they’ll have,” Morgana wondered as Ren and Ritsuka began making their
way to the cafeteria. “I’m not sure if they’ll have any sushi there, but I wonder what bat and
chimera taste like.”
“I’ve been wondering what Artemis will bring personally,” Ren mused. “Knowing her, she
wouldn’t have brought anything but the best for the banquet.”
Ritsuka opened her mouth, then closed it. “I think I’ll let it be a surprise,” she replied with a
grin. “But you’re gonna love it, Ren.” She shot a quick look at Morgana, who looked just as
puzzled, and her grin widened.
The Phantom Thief looked at her with a raised eyebrow, then shrugged. “I’ll take your word
for it, then,” he accepted. “Sounds like tonight will be fun.”
They made their way to the cafeteria. It was rather deserted, casting a pall of silence over the
room. Even Jeeves had been commandeered for the banquet, his absence from the kitchen
especially notable. The whole room seemed to feel far bigger and desolate for it.
The redhead felt goosebumps crawling up her skin. “Kinda eerie without anyone here, huh?”
she commented, if only to break the silence.
“A bit,” Ren admitted easily. “But that’s easily fixed. Take a seat – I’ll make something for
all of us.”
Ritsuka nodded. Parting ways, she went to sit by the counter while Ren pushed past the doors
into the kitchen. Morgana hopped off of Ren’s shoulder and landed on the counter as he
passed. “Kinda feels like it’s been a while since we just sat together with some peace and
quiet,” the catlike being commented.
“It’s been getting a bit hectic here, yeah,” the girl agreed. “And after the chaos of those
hunts… the calm feels really weird, like it’s not real. You guys ever feel that?”
“You get used to it after a while,” Ren called back before he disappeared into the back.
Walking past the ever-familiar shelves stocked with nonperishables and other foodstuffs, he
found the coffee. He deliberated for a moment until his eyes rested on the perfect one. With a
smile, he grabbed it and strode back to the kitchen where Ritsuka and Morgana were chatting
about their respective hunts.
“ How much bat poop?” the redhead asked, aghast.
“Way, way, way too much,” Morgana groused with a shudder. “And if you think it’s bad for
normal people, I’m a cat – my nose is way more sensitive. So are my ears too. Even now I
can still hear their countless shrieks in my sleep, let alone the big one. That place was a
nightmare, let me tell you.”
“Ugh, don’t think you’d fare better with a chimera, then,” Ritsuka grumbled. “I’m not sure if
it’s poison became more potent between when you and I encountered it, but that stuff reeks.”
She paused momentarily to consider. “Maybe it was the swamp… Anyway, burning trees and
smoke, as well as explosive residue combined with seawater. Not nice.”

“Ugh, yeah, I’d be sneezing something fierce at best,” the catlike being winced. “What about
you, Ren? How the heck did you come back smelling like you swam through sewage?”
Ren chuckled as Ritsuka looked over in curiosity. “Rot,” he summed up while he ground up
the coffee beans. “So much rot. The village was filled with rotten fish, and the Bake-Kujira
had turned an entire section of the sea into stagnant water filled that decays anything at a
touch. It was about as horrifying to touch as it was to smell. If it wasn’t for Tamamo, I’m not
sure I’d have a nose left.”
He tapped his nose for emphasis with a smile before returning to his work. Both Ritsuka and
Morgana shuddered. “Okay, I’m gonna regret asking, but…” the former began. “How bad
was it?”
The Phantom Thief opened his mouth to answer, but the silence that filled the air brought him
to an idea. With a wide smile, he turned around. “The sun was setting,” he began, his voice
barely above a whisper as he slowly made his way toward them. “The seas were barely
stirring. The waves crashed against our whaling boat as we sailed toward the destination. We
had made our preparations. We were confident that we could take the hunt. We were all
hunters and seasoned warriors – this would be no issue.”
“Then bump! ” He knocked hard on the counter for emphasis as the two listened with in rapt
attention. “An impact, but the waters were calm still. In fact, they were too calm. Like the
very wind itself had been held still. I looked over the edge – and saw that the ocean around us
was disgusting: A putrid mix of brown and red with a stench so utterly vile that it could’ve
killed me were it not for Tamamo. It was already horrifying, but I looked closer and saw…
and saw…”
“You saw…?” Morgana echoed, eyes wide in anticipation.
“ Corpses,” Ren declared ominously. “I saw countless fish decaying and rotting away,
floating amidst the still water. Larger fish like sharks, belly up with their cartilage showing
through flesh that looked more like sludge. But most of all, there were people . Their skin and
muscle rotted away to show their moldering, decaying bones and teeth, staring at nothing
with their empty eye sockets, with their jaws open as though they were screaming with voices
that were no longer there.”
“Then, as we crept the ship forwards in our distraction, it burst out in front of us!” he rasped,
his voice raised sharply as the two leaned in to listen better. “Floating in the air was a great,
white whale. It glowed with a ghostly pallor, cold and unforgiving. On its body were
countless scars with harpoons embedded in its flesh. No eyes, just like the bodies in the
water, yet it was still weeping tears of blood. It stared at us, and I could almost feel my soul
being stolen from that alone.”
“Then it began ‘swimming’ toward us, its great mouth opening,” he whispered. “Inside there
was… nothing. A darkness, an unfathomable abyss from which there was no escape. It flew
toward us, faster than any of us were expecting. I called out my orders but it was too late. Its
maw engulfed us, the darkness took hold, and we were all gone.”

For a moment, there was nothing but silence. Behind him, the coffee machine started
percolating, a liquid gurgle emanating before the dark liquid began spilling out. Then finally,
a snort from Ritsuka broke the silence before she finally burst into giggles. “You are
ridiculous, Ren,” she laughed. “’And then the darkness took hold’? Come on, I’m sure you
can think of something better than that!”
“Really? I thought I did pretty good myself,” the Phantom Thief replied with a shrug in his
normal voice as he straightened back up and walked back to the machines to grab the coffee.
“Don’t feel too bad,” Morgana reassured his best friend. “I’m sure it would’ve gotten Makoto
at least. Though I’m not sure if that’s high praise or not.”
“The student council president you guys mentioned?” Ritsuka inquired. “Was she that much
of a scaredy cat?”
“For how tough she was, she got scared really easily,” Morgana confirmed, snickering. “One
time we were breaking into Sojiro’s house-“
“Entering without permission,” Ren corrected, yelling over his shoulder.
“Is there even a difference?” the redhead countered.
“ Anyway, ” the catlike being pointedly continued. “There was a summer storm going on
outside, so lots of thunder. Power was out. As we stepped in, we heard a lot of thumping
around upstairs. Makoto’s legs were giving out from fright and had to cling onto Ren. Then
she turned and in the shadows, she saw Futaba.”
Morgana’s voice was tremoring. “They both screamed – Futaba bolted straight back upstairs
and Makoto dropped like a stone, clinging onto Ren’s leg for dear life. And even better,
Sojiro just came back, got the flashlight and sees Ren standing there with her hanging onto
his leg for dear life, then the others came into view. And that’s how we first met our
navigator!”
Ritsuka’s mouth dropped open, then she burst out in renewed laughter. “Do you have all
these weird things happen to you all the time, Ren?” she barely managed to gasp out.
“Phantom Thieves lead interesting lives,” Ren replied with a grin as he came back with three
steaming mugs of coffee. “I’m no exception.”
“Interesting lives or do you just attract weirdness?” Morgana asked skeptically as he
transformed into his Metaverse form.
The Phantom Thief’s grin widened. “It can be both,” he easily replied.
Ritsuka picked up her mug and blew on it. “So how much of that was fabricated? And how
much of that actually happened?” she asked before taking a sip – and her eyes lit up. “Oh,
this is different. What blend is this one?”
“That would be Costa Rican SHB,” Ren explained. “SHB stands for Strictly Hard Bean,
which is a grade given to coffee grown at a high altitude of about 1400 meters. You’ll

probably notice the elegant aftertaste and sweet aroma. I thought since we were going for a
banquet soon we could do with something a bit lighter – this should do the trick.”
“Not a bad choice,” Morgana agreed as he took a sip from his smaller mug (courtesy of Da
Vinci). “Now, what about Ritsu’s other question? How much of your story were you making
up?”
“Oh, the part where the Bake-Kujira burst out in front of us, though the appearance was
accurate,” he replied casually. “No, it just opened up a giant hole in the middle of the ocean
to drop us. It was definitely an unexpected start.”
Both Ritsuka and Morgana just stared with eyes as wide as saucers at Ren while he calmly
sipped at his own brew. “It did what?! ” they both cried.
All three of them traded stories of their own hunts and shared anecdotes, from what the
creatures did (“Magecraft! It could use magecraft!” Morgana screeched. “If I hadn’t brought
Medea-!”), how they used their environments (“Turns out water made into spears are very
effective,” Ren noted. “Who knew?”), and even the more unexpected factors (“ Chimeras are
not supposed to evolve,” Ritsuka stressed while grabbing fistfuls of her hair. “They are
mythological creatures made of a hybrid of three animals, not goddamn butterflies-!” ). They
kept talking even after the coffee pot long since ran empty, with the number of topics still
unending.
Whenever discussion about Ren’s injury came up, the Phantom Thief brushed it off and
redirected the conversation. There was no need to concern them with the details and how dire
it was, after all.
“And I told Elizabeth to please focus,” Ritsuka rambled as both Ren and Morgana listened
with a mix of both bemusement and amusement. “We could look for good concert spots later,
after all, but that wouldn’t matter if we were blown up to kingdom come-“ The cafeteria
doors suddenly opened, interrupting the redhead’s story as Mash walked in, grabbing
everyone’s attention. “Oh, hey Mash,” she greeted cheerfully. “We’d offer you coffee, but we
drank all of it already. Sorry!”
“Oh, no, but thank you for the offer, Ritsuka-senpai,” the Shielder replied with a grateful
smile. “I just wanted to let you know the banquet is ready! Have you rested enough though?
If it’s too soon…”
“I’m more or less back to full strength,” Ren answered easily, rolling his shoulders. “What
about you guys?”
“Fit as a fiddle!” Ritsuka chirped.
“What kind of Phantom Thief would I be if I took any longer to recover?” Morgana retorted
with a broad grin.
Mash nodded in confirmation. After Ren rinsed and put away the mugs and coffee pot, they
followed her out of the cafeteria. “You guys must’ve been busy,” Ren noted as they walked

through Chaldea’s corridors. “Especially if it took this much manpower to arrange the
banquet.”
“Not as much as you presume, Ren-senpai,” the Shielder replied as the other two listened.
“Many of the preparations were underway while we were hunting, and despite Nero’s
extravagance, the lion’s share was completed by the time we came back. Most of the time
after was dedicated both to creating the emperor’s bathhouse – which Nero handled herself
using the simulator – and cooking the quarries of the hunt themselves. According to Archer
and Boudica, they require a lot of time to cook properly.”
“I can imagine,” Ritsuka agreed. “And then Artemis showed up with her contribution which
probably threw everyone’s timing out of whack.”
“It did,” Mash confirmed while they rounded a corner. “I had never seen Archer and Boudica
look so frustrated. Were it not for Siegfried and Martha assisting, cooking and other
preparations might have taken much longer.”
“Siegfried and Martha?” Morgana echoed in question.
The Shielder nodded. “Siegfried has surprising knowledge about preparing and cooking
game, while Martha is rather adept in the kitchen,” she explained. “They made sure to
properly prepare and cook what Artemis brought so the banquet could proceed on schedule.
That said, Nero has been checking the stocks and running numbers – we might have to take
inventory after all this and see what remains.”
“Wait, Nero has?” the catlike being spouted in shock.
“Many of us were surprised too,” Mash acknowledged. “While she organized the banquet,
she has also been keeping track of what ingredients and materials have been used for it and
sent us an itemized invoice. The figures were… greater than we have been comfortable with.
She worked with Da Vinci and Roman to cut them down as much as we can – or at least
make things more manageable. It certainly wasn’t something we expected from her.”
“I’m not too surprised,” Ren murmured, thinking back to the relatively frugal conditions of
the emperor back in the Roman singularity. It seems her self from there had a greater reach
than either of them anticipated. They finally reached the simulator. The door hissed open,
revealing the banquet – and all three of their eyes opened wide and their jaws dropped in
surprise.
The entire simulator had been transformed into a meadow, surrounded by a great, lush forest.
The night sky was illuminated by countless stars, with the constellation of Orion shining
brightly in the distance. Overhead was the full moon, gleaming in its full splendor and
bathing the area in silvery light. Torches lined the perimeter, giving further illumination while
the glimmer of eyes from wildlife prowled the edges of the forest before vanishing into the
shadows.
The area itself was separated into five sections. The first one was a large, circular open-air
kitchen. Various robots worked at the stations, tirelessly preparing dishes of all sorts. The
second section were rows and rows of tables, filled to the brim with all sorts of drinks, as

well as various desserts, snacks, and fruits. Leonidas was standing guard near the alcoholic
drinks for reasons everyone could easily guess.
The other three sections were dedicated to the hunts. Tables lined a distance away from the
perimeter of the firepits, each one manned by robots and Servants. One pit had been lined
with clay and ceramic, and though no fire source was seen, the broth around the bat was
broiling. The bat’s head – cleaned and dressed so it was far less gruesome a sight – was
mounted on a small pillar in front of the pit, the only sign of what was being cooked. The
sharp smell of spices and milk, very reminiscent of curry, wafted tantalizingly into the air.
Siegfried was checking on the quality of meat while Archer taste-tested the soup, all while
robots continued tirelessly stirring it.
The second pit had been constructed into a gigantic earthenware oven. The clay enclosed
around the top of it while leaving the sides open, allowing fresh air to go through while
bounded fields kept the heat in. Smoke from the oven drifted up and out from the chimney
above, vanishing into the night. Within baked large steaks and other cuts of meat and bone set
on a grill, with the three heads of the Chimera similarly dressed and placed on a pillar in
front. Boudica monitored the heat of the fires while Martha carefully checked the meat of the
Chimera baking within.
Finally, the third pit was similarly lined with ceramic like the first one, but it had a large grill
set like the second. On it was placed an entire boar – one far, far larger than anything Ren or
Morgana had seen. It was easily the size of a house, with muscles and flesh to match. As it
grilled, robots extended their arms and basted the boar as Artemis and surprisingly enough,
Loki surveyed the cooking. The Avenger in particular was sharply critical of the robots if
they missed a spot or the fires were too high, much to the goddess’s amusement. As the
whole of the boar was being roasted, the front of the pit was instead lined with its four tusks,
each of them jutting into the air like towers of ivory.
Ren let out a low whistle. “I knew Nero would settle for nothing less than going all out, but
this is impressive,” he remarked. “And I’m guessing that huge boar is Artemis’s contribution
to make up for the Bake-Kujira? Classic choice – and it smells great even from here.”
As he spoke, he caught Ritsuka’s expression shifting while staring at him in the corner of his
eye. As he turned to fully look, the girl immediately straightened up and turned away. “What,
something on my face?” he asked.
“No, no, just looking at how handsome you were,” she quickly replied without facing him.
“The light of the fires brings out the… angles of your face. Makes you look a lot more
distinct. Yep.” Ren raised an eyebrow at the very obvious lie, wondering what she was
actually looking for.
Morgana snickered. “You’re right Ren, it does smell great,” he agreed. “Come on, let’s leave
this swooning mess to herself and get ourselves something to eat. I’m starving!”
“Wha- HEY!” Ritsuka cried in outrage, to their amusement.
“Loki has personally volunteered to help cook it, boar is a favorite of theirs, apparently,”
Nero replied, grabbing everyone’s attention as she walked up with a broad smile. “Still, I’m

glad you all were able to make it – it would not do to miss a banquet thrown by someone as
illustrious as me, and for the goddess of the hunt, after all! Come, take your seats, and
partake in the fruits of your labor!”
Ren chuckled. “Well, who are we to refuse?” Led by the jovial emperor, they were brought
down to their seats where their Servants and the staff greeted them – and the banquet began
in earnest.
“I do recommend the cheesecake, my dear Jeanne – it is to die for. As well as those apple
tarts over there! They are simple, oui, but no less delicious because of it!”
“Have you tried every single item here already?” the Ruler asked in both exasperation and
amusement at her friend’s suggestion. She was currently at the table picking out desserts –
having finished her own dinner relatively early and wanting to indulge. One thing that never
changed even when she picked up her flag was her sweet tooth, and even as a Servant it still
remained as strong as ever.
Marie giggled in reply. “A queen has to stay informed, after all,” she remarked with a
mischievous smile. “Be it in desserts or gossip. And besides, as a Servant, I need not worry
about my waistline nor my teeth or health – with that in mind, there’s little reason to hold
myself back, non ?”
“I haven’t expected you to be such a glutton with such a lithe figure,” Jeanne commented as
she loaded a small slice of cheesecake onto her plate.
“Glutton? Oh, perish the thought,” Marie denied with a wave of her. “I am a rather light eater
– overindulgence is rather desplaisant , and thus I must be sparing of my appetite if I wish to
have more treats. I believe the term for that nowadays is… economical? Yes, I’m rather
economical with how I eat. Well, at least in life.”
“So I see,” the saint replied, watching in amusement as the queen happily added an apple tart
to her burgeoning plate. “So long as you’re enjoying yourself, but try not to overdo it – didn’t
you already have quite a few while we were busy preparing here?”
“ Pardonnez-moi, I made sure I only had one of each,” the Rider sniffed in mock offense.
“Rest assured I know when to indulge my tastes when it comes to treats.”
Then she paused. “… and perhaps two or three more if they particularly pleased my tongue,”
she guiltily admitted. “I could not help it – they were far too tempting and delicious!”
Jeanne laughed lightly in response. “Truly a sin,” she joked. “But I think you’ll be forgiven
with the breadth of your knowledge in return.” It helped that there was still more than enough
to go around. She was wrestling with the urge to try and grab one of everything – if only
because she couldn’t organize and balance all the treats on a single dish like Marie somehow
could.
Then she flinched slightly and turned as a peal of raucous laughter rang through the air –
most likely the Lancers and perhaps Jing Ke over their drunken revelry. “I thought you would

be used to the commotion given what you’ve lived through,” Marie remarked, noticing
Jeanne’s reaction.
The saint smiled ruefully. “Truthfully, I try not to get involved,” she confessed. “It has always
been difficult to join in – whether because I was a girl who shouldn’t get too close to the
affairs of a tavern, or because of my standing in the army and all the complications that
involved. I understood that well, but…” She sighed wistfully as she loaded on a crumble. “At
times, I will admit it could be rather lonely, with no company other than myself. Even now
I’m still not quite sure how to talk to people besides you and Artoria.”
Jeanne looked up to see Marie staring at her in sad surprise and realized what she said. “Ooh, please, don’t mind me,” she quickly added, trying to reassure the Rider. “It’s not such a
burden, really – it’s more of a personal problem. I’m sure I’ll find a way to manage. There’s a
lot of people to talk to here in Chaldea after all.”
“ Oui, oui,” the queen agreed. “But I think I can help you with that – everyone here in
Chaldea is so lovely to talk to! And so are you! To not have them talk to you or you to them
would truly be a shame, this must be rectified immediately!”
Before the saint could argue or disagree, Marie had dashed around the table and seized her
hand. “Wait, wait, Marie!” she cried before being overenthusiastically pulled toward a nearby
group of people, her other hand holding on and balancing her plate for dear life. The queen
looked back at her with a grin, which Jeanne could only match with her own smile – an
expression of both exasperation at her friend’s exuberance and amusement.
It seems things would be different here in more ways than one – and she found herself
anticipating and excited to see what it would bring her in the end.
The peal of laughter caused Medusa’s face to twitch, barely noticing with her peripheral
vision Marie and Jeanne running by. She sighed to herself before digging her fork into her
plate. It was expected though – banquets and feasts were always noisy affairs. To that end,
she found a quiet corner for herself by picking up a spare chair and setting it up at an unused
table near the perimeter underneath the shadows of the trees. It wasn’t completely removed
from the commotion, unfortunately, but it would suffice.
Feeling a presence behind her, she turned slightly. A wolf was eyeing her – or more
accurately, her dish. It was much calmer than she expected from a hungry wild animal,
however. It was acting more like a tamed dog begging for some food. The sight of such a
creature, normally ravenous and fierce, acting in such a docile manner was rather amusing to
see.
Regardless, she turned to train her gaze directly at the wolf. With only her glasses, her gemlike eyes fully showed, their square irises boring into the canine who froze in place before
growling. The stand-off lasted momentarily before the wolf slowly backed away, still
growling, then finally ran off, vanishing into the brush. She relaxed before turning away.
Though she would have no problem killing it, she preferred not making a mess so close to a
banquet here.

She frowned as she picked at her chimera steak. The scent of blood would also spoil her
meal.
There was another clatter of noise, this one much closer. She looked up with no small
irritation – and blinked with surprise as Joan sat down at the table. The Lancer met her
inquiring gaze and scowled. “It’s too noisy and some idiots are starting to get drunk,” she
growled, nodding over to Cu Chulainn, Leonidas, and Jing Ke laughing uproariously. “I can
barely even hear myself think, let alone eat.”
Medusa looked over at the boisterous group before peering around the rest of the banquet. It
seemed a little quieter everywhere else, with everyone involved with their own conversations
and diversions. It certainly seemed like her area was the only place with anything resembling
quiet in comparison. “I had thought you would be dragged into the din,” she commented, her
voice barely audible. “You seem the type to be.”
Joan scowled. “I’m not that easily dragged into things!” she snapped. “Just… things happen
around me and by the time I want out, it’s way too awkward or attention-grabbing for me to
do so! So I gotta stick things out and wait for a better time and – hey, stop smiling, damnit!”
The Rider didn’t even bother hiding her expression. “Despite your protestations, you seem to
get along well with others – or perhaps they simply find you amusing.”
The Lancer scowled as she dug into her bat curry. “They shouldn’t,” she muttered before
eating it. “And how the hell do they make bat taste good? Right amount of spices too. It’s so
good it’s annoying.”
Medusa looked back down at her chimera steak before taking another bite. “They are very
proficient chefs,” she admitted. While she had devoured no small number of beings in her
lifetime, including those she had no wish to, she never had a chance to eat chimera before.
Normally, such a thought would be repugnant, but the meat had a gaminess and savor that
other meats couldn’t replicate. Much like coffee, it was a rather intriguing taste.
Looking over, she noted with curiosity that Joan seemed distracted. She continued eating
automatically but it was clear her thoughts were elsewhere. “Was your hunt that
troublesome?” she inquired.
Joan looked up in surprise. “Hm? What do you mean?” she asked after swallowing her
current mouthful.
“You are distracted with thoughts,” she elaborated, her violet eyes meeting the suspicious
yellow ones of Joan’s. “Although I often find you in contemplation whenever I see you in the
library, you seem more troubled than usual. I wonder if something happened.”
The Lancer glared at Medusa, opening her mouth angrily to retort… then she closed them
shut before turning back to her own food. “Mind your own business,” she grumbled before
digging back in. “I’ve… got a lot to think about. Especially my own damn hypocrisy.”
Medusa was silent as Joan dug into her food with a new fury. Hypocrisy… an all too familiar
word for her. Though her curiosity was aroused, she knew well enough when someone didn’t

wish to speak. Besides, she had wished for quiet, and so she would respect their mutual wish.
Turning back to her steak, she took another bite. Assuming the others haven’t drained them
dry, she wondered why liquors were available to sample…?
There was yet another clatter. Both women looked up to see who joined them – and found the
black-robed figure of Medea sitting down with her own plate. She had chosen to grab meat
from the boar instead of the other two creatures. “I felt… unwelcome at the other tables,” she
explained with a hint of a humorless smile. “I merely wish to eat undisturbed. Unless there is
an issue…?”
Joan frowned in consideration, but Medea’s eyes were focusing primarily on Medusa, the
Rider staring impassively back in turn. They didn’t have much history with one another,
neither in life nor in death. Their legends were well known to one another and they had been
summoned in the same Grail War, but that was all. There was no reason to be enemies, and
no reason to be allies.
Finally, Medusa turned back to her steak. “Do as you wish,” she murmured calmly.
The Lancer raised an eyebrow at her decision, then shrugged before returning to her own
food, seemingly uncaring of the Caster’s presence. Medea gave a thin smile and sat down
before gently biting into her own pork. The three women ate in silence while the festivities
echoed around them, a gale of noise swirling around the ceasefire of the table.
“… Are moons supposed to be this bright?” Joan asked, staring up at the night sky. At the
comment, the two took a glance as well before returning to their meals.
“… It is vexing,” Medusa simply replied.
“Agreed,” Medea added.
In the distance, Artemis watched them from across the clearing and smiled.
“Terrifying smile you got, dear,” Orion commented, noticing her expression from her
shoulder. “Something going on?”
“… Nothing worth being concerned about,” the goddess of the hunt replied. “Come – we’ve
already sampled the bat and the chimera. I wish to try the boar now! I hope they have done
my bounty justice!”
“And here I am stuck in a body without tastebuds,” the teddy bear lamented as the goddess
bounced toward the firepit.
“Umu, feel free to lavish praise on me for such a successful banquet!”
“Hmph, failing marks. You didn’t even designate a location for a good concert venue! I
thought you of all people would have thought to include one!”
Tamamo sighed aridly as Artemis hopped past her to grab some boar. What did she do to
deserve the misfortune of sitting next to the garrulous Nero and the incredibly vocal

Elizabeth? Her tail waved in annoyance as she picked at her food. She had grabbed boar as
well, relishing its sweet-sour taste and the tenderness of the flesh. If only she could get away
so she could actually enjoy the meal properly…
“Had this been a celebration for Apollo, I would’ve done so,” Nero declared. “But this is a
banquet dedicated for the goddess of the hunt. A venue for a concert would not be fitting,
especially if it wasn’t one made for honoring her.”
“You know how to venerate gods and goddesses well, emperor Nero,” Artemis giggled
nearby before turning back to receiving a cut of the boar from Siegfried and hopping away.
Nero nodded in vindication. “Rest assured, however, when the occasion calls for it, I shall
create a grand venue!” she stated. “This I promise you, Elizabeth!”
Elizabeth gave a conflicted glare at Nero before finally settling with a huff. “I’ll hold you to
that, Nero,” she growled. “You better make good on that promise. Find my manager – the
raven – and work out the details with him. At least he has a good eye for these things.”
“But of course,” the emperor agreed. “He learned a bit of stagecraft from me back in that
singularity of yours. I see no reason to deny him my cooperation and further tutelage.”
Tamamo stared at Nero, her ears twitching. “… Huh,” she mused.
The single expression drew the attention of the other two women. “Is there something that
intrigues you, Caster?” Nero asked in curiosity.
The miko shook her head. “Just merely how much trust both of you have given to Ren
Amamiya,” she casually answered. “It’s almost impressive, given you’ve only known him for
so short a time.”
Elizabeth huffed. “Not that short,” she snapped. “I saw how he worked in the French
singularity, plus that was when he made the promise to turn me into a proper idol. He’s
reckless and crazy, but his ideas work. And…”
She paused, then looked away, to Tamamo’s and Nero’s surprise. “He goes out of his way to
keep his promises,” she mumbled. She still remembered all the lighting and setup done by
Ren racing every which way, until he literally collapsed from exhaustion. There was no way
she could deny that.
Nero nodded, her expression abnormally somber. “His time in my… my other self’s
singularity had proven his character many times as well,” she added. “It is rare we come
across someone who is as reliable and capable as he was – and rarer still they are brave or
foolish enough to stand up to an entire army by themselves. He has earned my trust many
times over, and has done nothing to betray it.”
Tamamo’s eyebrows raised so far up they almost vanished into her hair. She lifted a hand to
her mouth, the loose sleeve covering her lips. “My, if I hadn’t known better, I would say both
of you are utterly smitten with him,” she commented slyly. “But surely that’s not the case, is
it?”

“Wh-wh-what?!” Elizabeth spluttered, the girl’s face immediately flushing a deep shade of
red. “Watch your mouth, fox! I have no need for such a s-scandal!! Do you know how many
idols had their careers tanked because they were having relations with their managers?! I’m
never allowing that to happen!”
Nero, instead of instantly denying it, was surprisingly silent and pensive. “Oh?” Tamamo
noted. “And here I thought you would also immediately deny it and cry your passion for your
Praetor – who is my gosujin-sama , by the way. I trust you did not forget that? Have you
actually fallen for him?”
The emperor shot a glare at the miko, who was smirking behind her sleeve, and breathed out
a tired sigh. “It is… a matter that I must reconcile,” she confessed. “My other self in the
singularity has unfortunately found herself infatuated with him, and even now her emotions
crowd against mine. I cannot easily deny them, for they come with a beauty that I both enjoy
and covet, yet it chafes against my own being. So for now, Caster, I cannot give you a truthful
answer. Not until I have resolved this quandary.”
Tamamo couldn’t help but stare in surprise. She hadn’t expected the emperor – her rival – to
be so… forthcoming about herself and her inner conflict. Every other time, she would have
vehemently deny such an accusation with her characteristic pride that caused her fur to
bristle. But that wasn’t the case. Right now, Nero was showing her proverbial cards and
telling her the truth, with no deflections or denial right now. This, she wasn’t sure how to
handle.
Then again, ever since that night, dealing with a person’s truths and reality had been a touch
more difficult than she expected.
The emperor’s eyes turned back to the Caster. “I believe you have something to say on the
matter?” she prompted.
The question caught the miko off guard. “What ever do you mean?” she inquired.
Nero stared hard at Tamamo. “Something has shifted between you and Ren,” she stated. “I
know not what, but it is obvious you are much more aware of him than before, and he you.
Tell me, Caster, what transpired between the two of you while you were out during the hunt?”
Elizabeth meanwhile could only turn back and forth between the two, her eyes wide as
saucers as she tried to keep up.
The Caster met the emperor’s gaze without flinching, her face expressionless behind her
sleeve. The night and morning they had shared together was… remarkable, to put it
incredibly lightly. Finding out the madness that drove the young man and trying to involve
her in said madness while unwinding all that she tried to be was something unique. One she
still couldn’t tell for certain if she despised, relished, coveted – or more.
Damn him.
But that wasn’t relevant to the current situation. Nero had asked a question and was expecting
some sort of answer. There were many she could give right now that would lead to all sorts of

reactions. But seeing how serious her rival was and how Elizabeth was also awaiting her
answer with bated breath, she couldn’t help but feel like toying with them a little.
The Caster hummed and smiled behind her sleeve. “Who could say?” she replied
enigmatically. “Despite our hunt being quite troublesome, the interludes in-between were…
fairly enjoyable.”
Her eyes glittered with both mischievousness and a hint of malice as they met Nero’s – and
her smile became a grin as the emperor’s eyes widened in horrified realization. “Now if
you’ll excuse me, this location is a bit too crowded for me to enjoy my meal in peace. And I
wish to at least sample what spirits they have before certain drunkards drain them dry.”
Without any further elaboration, she simply stood up and walked away, her tail waving
happily behind her.
“I can’t see how such a hunt can be enjoyable at all,” Elizabeth huffed as she sat back. “A
ruined village, a rotten ocean, and an undead whale spirit? Absolutely none of that would
work as a concert venue! Ugh, I’ll have to at least thank the squirrel later – at least her hunt
was scenic enough to inspire a few locale ideas. But I’m not sharing them with you – find
your own venues!”
Nero blinked as the Lancer rounded on her with the last sentence. “Hm? Oh, yes, of course. I
expect nothing less.” she replied distractedly. “If you’ll excuse me, Elizabeth, I have a matter
to attend to.”
“Matter to- what matter?” she snapped, her eyes narrowing in suspicion. “Since when have
you been one to leave a celebration early, especially one of your own making? You haven’t
even finished your plate!”
The emperor looked down at her partially eaten plate and smiled uneasily. “It’s no offense
meant,” she answered. “I… simply find I have less of an appetite than I thought. I will make
my apologies later if necessary. But for now, please enjoy the evening and festivities,
Elizabeth.” Before the idol could retort, she stood up and swiftly left, ducking behind the
tables and into the forest.
Through the forest she walked through. The moonlight filtered through the branches and
leaves above, scattering it into motes of light on the ground. Wild creatures flitted like spirits
through the brush, with little sign save for the brief glimpse of glowing eyes and swift
shadows, soon vanishing back into the darkness whence they came.
Despite never experiencing them herself, these nights were all too familiar to her. How often
had she stared at the stars and the moon above when she took a break from her duties,
reflecting on her fracturing empire? How often did they simply shine above, completely
uncaring for the mortal affairs below? Where her prayers, both silent and whispered, went by
unheard?
Stepping through the forest, she finally emerged into a clearing, where a large building,
designed in the Roman style, loomed over her. She had meant to announce this bath with the
banquet, but it had taken more work than she expected. As great as she was, even time wasn’t

something she could properly control - in the end prioritized making sure the banquet went
off without issues, deciding to work on the bath later.
She stared up at the statue of herself placed in front of the building, posing as if beckoning
everyone to witness her greatness. In retrospect, it was a good idea: unveiling it at something
dedicated to a goddess – one they needed to placate – would have been unwise. The
consequences would’ve been disastrous if it went wrong. There was a time and place for her
beauty, but that was not it.
Nero placed a hand on the pedestal of the statue as she looked up at the bath. It was quiet and
cold. It was still in progress, to the point where the baths hadn’t even been properly filled yet.
None of the scones that lined the walls or pillars were lit, lending a desolate air to the
atmosphere. This didn’t feel like a bath at all – at least, not one she personally enjoyed. It
reminded her of her own baths then, with three quarters of it sectioned off so its water could
be properly rationed out to the populace.
Come to think of it, that was the first time she personally talked with Ren Amamiya, wasn’t
it? Her first impression was that he was a rather handsome young man. Had circumstances
allowed, she would have invited him into her harem in a heartbeat. But he was a foreign
dignitary at best, and there were other matters to attend to. As much as she wanted to be, she
couldn’t be selfish. Not this time.
She froze, then took a deep breath and placed a hand on her forehead as her skull throbbed.
These weren’t her memories – or at least, none she personally experienced. They were the
memories of her other self, one who was the same yet vastly different from her, especially
their experiences. No matter what she told herself or how she felt, that self’s affections for
Ren still bled through to her – and she could understand them. For she felt much the same as
how she felt towards her Praetor.
Straightening up, she sat on the pedestal and rested her head on the statue of herself, staring
up at the building as the cool stone brought a modicum of relief to her aching head and mind.
In the end, where did that leave her? She loved with all her heart and soul, to the point where
one would find it abhorrent. Even now, she had no regrets that this was how she loved, for
better or worse.
But what would she do when there were two people equally worthy of her love? Though her
other self didn’t know Ren as well as she thought, that didn’t mean he was any less worthy of
her affections. Even now, she could feel the ugly heat of jealousy and rage boiling through
her veins from what Caster told her, almost as if she had done it with her Praetor instead. She
wouldn’t mind giving her heart, but she only had one to give.
…. But was that true? Or could she perhaps love more than one if there were others equally
worthy of her affections? Would it still be just as pure, or would it be a fractured thing from
being an indecisive fool and coward? What was the right path? What could she do?
All she could do was stare up at the stars again, like she had – or hadn’t – in the past, as
countless thoughts plagued her mind once again.

While Ren had victory feasts before, like the high-class buffet when they succeeded with
Kamoshida’s change of heart, the banquet had been a different matter entirely. Once they sat
down and with a speech from both Nero and Artemis, it started in earnest. The sheer glut of
food, drinks, and company had put everyone in a festive mood and spirits were high – far
higher than Ren expected or experienced.
To say it was eventful was an incredible understatement. One moment he had been chatting
with Marie and Jeanne, the next he was snagging the choicest bits of meat in a desperate race
against certain gluttonous Servants and staff. After that, he was over by the buffet tables
chatting with Archer about cuisines while making sure his plate was out of reach of Loki’s
machinations before coming across Siegfried and asking how the meats were prepared. The
entire affair felt like a whirlwind of food, people, stories, and knowledge all flying in every
direction at once. It was both exciting and utterly exhausting at the same time.
Now he was sitting down, finally relaxing as Cu Chulainn, Leonidas, and Jing Ke chatted
nearby. Chaldea had been rather quiet ever since they began the Grand Order, but this was the
most lively he had seen it in… well, ever. It felt like the grim atmosphere that had hung over
it ever since the bombing and the very first singularity had finally lifted properly. He
wondered what the oncoming days would be like if this kept up – and he honestly couldn’t
wait to witness it.
“No, no, evolutions like that don’t happen often,” the blue Lancer snapped. “At very least,
they damn well shouldn’t – I don’t recall seeing something like that happen mid-hunt
anyway, or I’d be dead a lot sooner than at Clochafarmore!”
“Ha! You underestimate yourself, my friend!” Leonidas boomed as he slammed down his
tankard of beer (the wine glasses switched out at their request for such purposes). “The
chimera may be mighty and had an unexpected trick up its sleeve, but there is no doubt you
were a match for it! It wasn’t as great as an entire Persian army!”
“It’d feed one handily though!” Jing Ke remarked with a drunken grin. “Look at the size of
the damn thing! But I gotta say, it goes great with drinks!” She took a skewer of the baked
chimera meat for emphasis and cleaned the stick in one swipe.
“Hear hear!” both Lancers roared in agreement.
“You think a liquor can be made out of its venom?” Ren wondered idly as he finished off his
plate.
All three paused to consider. “Hm…” the Assassin mused. “Snake liquor was a more…
unique drink where I was from. I had it a few times – it had a rather strong albeit unique
flavor. It was certainly not for the faint of heart, granted, and it wasn’t my favorite. But it was
certainly an experience I wouldn’t mind sharing once or twice.”
“Oi, we got any of that, Master?” Cu called over in curiosity.
The Phantom Thief let out a small bark of amused laughter. “As well-stocked as Chaldea is, I
think that’s a bit too specialized for the liquor stocks,” he replied. “At least, I certainly didn’t
see any stocks of snake liquor around, or anything even close to resembling it.”

“Hm. Well, it can’t be helped,” Leonidas accepted. “Though perhaps we can ask Da Vinci
and the Chaldea staff to try and brew a liquor with the chimera venom glands? Do you think
they would be amendable to such a suggestion?”
Jing Ke scoffed. “Please, try. I think they’d sooner dissect you both than let any of us get near
it. You should’ve seen the discussions before the cooking – I’ve seen court intrigues with less
killing intent than that talk. Risking their wrath is unwise, to put it mildly.” She shuddered at
the recollection before downing another draft of beer.
“Is that so,” the Spartan king mused, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. “I do not doubt the
inventor’s abilities, but how do you think she would fare in a fight? And the dragonslayer and
Archer as well. I’ve always been curious.”
“I don’t know about her or Siegfried,” Cu groused. “But that Archer is a pain in the ass.”
“Oh? Is he that formidable?” Leonidas asked, his curiosity piqued as Jing Ke looked over
with a raised eyebrow.
“No,” the Irishman snapped. “I mean he’s goddamn annoying. So you know we were
summoned in a grail war, right? Well, this one time, we were fighting at a school…”
In his peripheral vision, Ren saw a blur of red moving away. Looking up, he noticed Nero
walking away from the banquet – or more accurately, stumbling away into the forest. His
eyes narrowing in concern, he stood up. “I’ll catch you guys later,” he announced quickly to
the group. Leonidas raised his hand in farewell while Jing Ke raised her flagon. Cu Chulainn
didn’t stop talking, but his eyes flicked over and he gave a quick nod of acknowledgement
before turning back to the others.
Moving away from the banquet, he began quietly following Nero toward the forest. She
seemed to be heading towards her incomplete baths. He considered for a moment if she was
simply drunkenly stumbling about, but he discarded the thought. Nero wouldn’t lose herself
with so little grace. So what was she…?
“Master? Do you have a moment?”
The voice caught the musing Ren mildly by surprise as he froze. Turning, he found Boudica
standing nearby with a small smile. “I’m sorry,” she apologized. “Is now a bad time?”
The Phantom Thief glanced in the direction of Nero before meeting the queen’s eyes. He was
about to say yes, when he spotted the glint of seriousness in her eyes. It was important.
Come to think of it, he never got a decent chance to actually talk to the Rider yet. While he
made a point to try and talk to everyone summoned, he had been rather busy and there were
only so many hours in the day, even while practically running himself ragged.
He made up his mind. He could check in on Nero soon, but he had a feeling it would be
unwise to dismiss Boudica now. “Not at all,” he replied, turning to face her properly. “We
haven’t had a chance to really talk, have we? Is something the matter?”

Boudica hesitated, seemingly deliberating her words. “It’s quite a banquet that’s been
thrown,” she remarked while turning to look at the crowd. “I hadn’t expected one since my
summoning – especially under such dire circumstances.”
Ren chuckled. “Well, you have to take the chance to party when you can,” he easily replied.
“After all, if everyone was grim and surly all the time, it won’t be long before someone
snaps.” He gave a small turn of his head with a smile towards the displays.
“And besides, it’s not every day you get a chance to eat mythical creatures. Thanks for
whipping them up by the way.”
“That’s quite true,” the Rider agreed with a giggle. “The girls have been especially
appreciative – Mash and Ritsu, I mean. They have been under a lot of stress.”
“They have,” the Phantom Thief agreed. “Hopefully they get a chance to unwind here. From
what I’ve heard from both of them and from Cu and Leonidas, they did a great job. It wasn’t
an easy hunt in the slightest.”
“Indeed,” Boudica replied, her smile falling a bit. “Though they had concerns about the hunt
– and their roles in general.”
“Oh?” Ren inquired. “How so?”
The queen opened her mouth to elaborate, then thought better of it. “I can explain, but would
you mind assisting me with a small matter?” she asked.
The request caught the Phantom Thief slightly off-guard, but he nodded. “Sure,” he easily
agreed. “What do you need help with?”
Boudica smiled and beckoned. Following her, they walked over to the open-air kitchen,
where dishes had been piling up as well as miscellaneous trash like packaging and boxes. The
pile was much smaller than expected from such a banquet, and Ren could guess why. Just the
sight of it all made his fingers itch. “I thought the robots are taking care of this?” he asked,
nevertheless already rolling up his sleeves.
The queen gave a small shrug. “They’ve taken care of the majority of it,” she agreed. “But
there’s still a little bit left to do, and I thought they’d be better off working on cleaning the
rest of the banquet while we basically polish off the remainder here. I hope that’s okay.”
Ren eyed her with some curiosity before nodding. “Works for me,” he accepted easily. “I’ll
take care of the dishes, then. Mind breaking down the boxes?” Boudica stared at him briefly
with a gleam in her eye he couldn’t quite place, before ultimately nodding.
They got to work, with Ren moving to wash the dishes with a practiced, swift hand as the
Rider dismantled the boxes. With her strength as a Servant, it was utterly trivial for her to
break down the cardboard before folding them and stacking them neatly aside.
The Phantom Thief glanced over at Boudica working and checked underneath the sink, just
in case – and found what he was looking for. “Here,” he announced as he tossed a roll of

plastic twine over to her.
The Rider deftly caught it. “You’re used to this,” she noted as she began tying bundles of
cardboard together.
“A lot of this is pretty standard for working at a café,” he replied. “If anything, this is all
pretty familiar.”
“I didn’t expect you to take to menial tasks with such gusto,” the queen remarked while
putting aside a bundle of tied up cardboard.
Ren chuckled. “When you’re surrounded by so many amazing things, having the mundane to
ground you is always a relief,” he replied, placing another plate on the drying rack. He
recalled when Futaba tried to talk Sojiro into getting a dishwasher, but he had been
stubbornly against it.
‘ We barely have enough room for just the fridge, let alone a dishwasher,’ he irately pointed
out. ‘ And besides, washing by hand is quicker. Come here, Futaba, I’ll show you how to do
it.’ And to the non-surprise of either of them, the girl had a raid right at that moment and
dashed out the door. They both shared a good laugh (after the older man finished grumbling
about it) and he took care of the mess.
“That was a wonderful sword you gifted Mash,” Boudica suddenly commented.
The sudden statement caught the Phantom Thief slightly by surprise. “I hope so,” he replied.
“It was a personal gift after all. It would be a shame if it couldn’t help her like it’s meant to.”
“What do you mean by that?” the queen inquired.
Ren froze momentarily, then moved to place another plate on the rack as he thought about
how to word it. “The thing about Mash is…” he slowly explained as Boudica turned to fully
face him. “She sees herself as just a tool meant to protect others. That’s what her shield is for.
I asked her, if push came to shove, would she use that shield to protect herself.”
“… and what did she answer?” the Rider quietly asked.
“She didn’t,” the Phantom Thief replied flatly. “Which was answer enough, really. She’s still
learning – about herself, about people, and about the world. She studies diligently and works
hard, but there’s a lot she hasn’t experienced and doesn’t know. She doesn’t even desire
anything for herself: No goals or dreams. Just the mission and… that’s it.”
Boudica nodded contemplatively as Ren put the last dish on the drying rack and washed his
own hands clean of the soap and grime. “It’s not an easy question for anyone to answer,” she
murmured. “Have you tried to help her find one?”
“How can I?” he retorted. “She’s using me as a point of comparison – way too much. If I
even try to suggest something, she’d make it her life’s mission. It wouldn’t be her desire or
dream, it would be mine she tricked herself into thinking it’s hers. That’s what honestly
worries me the most about her.”

He shook his head while he grabbed a towel to dry off his hands. That kind of power over a
person… he’d sooner relinquish it if he could. Dictating a person’s life like that abhorred
him. “No, that sword is meant for her own goals and desires,” he declared. “And once she’s
decided what those are, I’ll support her as best I can. No more and definitely no less.”
Boudica was silent as Ren checked the nearby trash cans to see if any needed emptying.
“These robots are thorough as always,” he commented. “There’s not a whole lot to do here.”
“They are,” the queen agreed as she idly grabbed a nearby rag to wipe off the counter. “They
certainly are convenient.”
“Right?” the Phantom Thief chuckled. “I wonder if I could take one of these back home.
They’d make chores so easy.”
Boudica gave a small smile at the lighthearted comment. “It certainly would be a draw to
your café,” she remarked. “Though wouldn’t it be too eye-catching?”
Ren looked up at the robots working. Imagining one of the robots that looked straight out of a
sci-fi TV show in a rustic environment like LeBlanc’s immediately had him laughing as well.
“Hey, good use of contrast serves as advertising,” he jokingly justified. “I can make it work.
Might even give it a paint job too so it doesn’t clash too much with the décor. We’d definitely
get a lot more traffic that way if you ask me.”
The queen shook her head, still smiling. “You sound more like Ritsuka with how giddy you
are about the idea,” she commented.
“You think?” the Phantom Thief replied with a grin. “Maybe I should talk to her about it –
she might even help me get one back home.”
He paused, then sighed. “Or on the other hand, maybe I should be careful about talking to her
until I can actually figure out how to handle things,” he muttered, running a hand through his
hair.
Boudica didn’t say anything but turned to give him her full attention. It seems he’d found
what she had been looking for.
“Ritsuka is… working through issues,” he pressed forward, his brows furrowed in concern.
“Losing Astolfo during the Roman singularity hit her pretty hard. She’s been taking lessons
from Archer and Artoria so she can be a better Master, and the reports from her hunt were
promising. She’s learning fast and can see the bigger picture, probably better than I can.”
“And yet you don’t seem happy about that,” the Rider pointed out, crossing her arms as her
expression solidified into a pensive poker face.
“Don’t get me wrong, I am,” he corrected her. “And that’s the problem – I can see she’s
awesome and doing great, but she can’t. Maybe I’m being egotistical, but she’s probably
comparing herself to me. Back when we first met, her room was covered in memorabilia of
me, Morgana, and my friends-“

“I-I’m sorry?” Boudica spluttered in surprise, her expression cracking as if she was unsure if
she heard correctly.
“Right, I’ll have to tell you more about my past adventures,” Ren realized with a small laugh.
“But to keep it simple, me and my friends were making some waves in public, to the point
where people were making merchandise of us. And Ritsuka turned out to be a rather big fan
of ours. So there’s already that pressure on her.”
“She does talk about you a lot,” the queen mused as she regained her composure. “Many of
her comments about you were rather glowing praise for your past and present deeds.”
“She still does, huh?” the Phantom Thief muttered before sighing and leaning further back on
the counter. “The problem is, I’m not sure how to approach this. I’m just a guy who’s done a
bit more and was given abilities to achieve them, but that’s it. I’m someone who can do no
wrong in her eyes and she’ll always downplay herself in comparison – even if I’ve made the
exact same mistake like…”
Boudica stared at Ren. “Like…?” she prodded carefully.
“… like letting someone die from a bad call,” he quietly finished. “Astolfo wasn’t the only
casualty in the Roman singularity: Jing Ke also died. She managed to land the killing blow
on Romulus, but he took her out at the same time. It was something none of us expected or
counted for – which was the same for Astolfo. I told her about it, but… I’m not sure she
understood that.”
“… war is never that cut and dry,” Boudica commented grimly. “Comparing mistakes and
how similar or different they are rarely helps. Though I suppose the situation is similar
enough here that an exception can be made.” She couldn’t forget how Astolfo moved to take
the blow from Darius meant for her either. It wasn’t necessary as they were both Servants – if
anything, Astolfo would’ve been more helpful for the battle than her – but the memory still
stayed with her.
“Probably,” Ren admitted. “But since then, I think there’s some sort of gap between the two
of us I can’t bridge – or more like she put me on a pedestal that she fully believes she can’t
climb. This isn’t my first time handling these kinds of issues, sure, but with all the
circumstances behind it, that’s where it gets difficult.”
Bringing up his hands, he massaged his temples as his ruminations caught up with him.
“We’re going to be heading to even more locales and summoning more Servants,” he
murmured. “There will be people who will see how vulnerable she is, and exploit that. I’ve
already seen it happen before – far, far too many times.”
Kamoshida. Madarame. Kaneshiro. Okumura. Shido. As well as the numerous targets he and
the Thieves have targeted in Mementos. No. He would never let it happen again, not if he
could help it.
As Boudica’s mask fell away into an expression of genuine concern, he looked back up at the
stars. Asking this now was a gamble – an enormous one. One that he had almost never

allowed for himself even after all this time. The words sat heavy on his tongue, almost
feeling like an utter taboo. Then he swallowed as he made up his mind.
Heaving a ragged breath, he turned toward the queen, his normally sharp gaze now plaintive
and almost pleading. “I don’t know what to do,” he whispered. “I don’t even know if I can do
anything for her at this point.”
The Rider stared at Ren, her mixed emotions flitting in her eyes, before biting her lip and
turning away. The Phantom Thief meanwhile took a deep breath to steady himself.
Uttering words like that was almost completely foreign to him. It was an option that he
abhorred and avoided whenever he could - from when he found out his parents’ true nature,
to his new lives as a Thief and a Master. He always reached his hand out for others, yet he
never wished to accept their hands himself. That was simply how it was.
Glancing over at Jing Ke laughing with the Lancers, he was reminded of her holding out a
hand to help him up as he scaled that tower for the flag. He was grateful for the help, yet at
the same time he refused to have her simply carry him the rest of the way when she offered.
Was it pride? No, it was more than that. He simply felt like he had to do it himself while
occasionally taking her hand to reach a higher ledge, even if he risked falling to his death.
The Assassin, noticing his gaze, raised a flagon with a grin. Ren forced a smile and nodded
back. Was it yet another method to form connections? Certainly. But that didn’t make his
failure feel any less painful.
“Then perhaps…” Boudica began slowly, drawing the Phantom Thief’s attention. “I could
keep an eye on them? It’s not something I’m altogether unfamiliar with, and I’ve already
offered Mash lessons on how to use her sword in tandem with her shield. At the very least, I
can make sure they don’t get into too much trouble, not if I can help it.”
Ren blinked a few times, then broke into a smile of relief. “If you could, then that’d be
great,” he replied gratefully. “If anything happens, let me know if you can. But in the
meantime, I’ll be counting on you.”
The queen nodded back with a smile of her own. Ren could feel a familiar warmth bloom in
his heart once again as an arcana bond was formed: Empress. He idly wondered how Haru
and Boudica would get along, and quickly reached his answer: Terrifyingly well. Those two
together would cow just about anyone while still holding their warm smiles. It was an
amusing, if intimidating, thought.
“I wonder though,” Boudica murmured. “If those girls pick paths away from you, how would
you feel?”
“Are they their own paths?” the Phantom Thief countered. “Ones they chose and want to
pursue and not because someone told them to do so?”
The Rider paused in surprise at the retort, then nodded. “Yes, if that is their choice,” she
responded.

Ren smiled. “Then I’d say it was an honor to meet them,” he replied earnestly. “And while
I’d hope they do well wherever they go, I know they will.”
“… You have a lot of confidence in them,” Boudica remarked, a note of approval sneaking
into her voice.
“Of course I do,” the Phantom Thief replied with a grin. “I meant what I said – they’re both
awesome.”
They both went back to work, yet every once in a while, Ren could feel the queen’s stare
from behind his back. He let out a deep breath and continued his work. For now, this was all
he could do. Hopefully, it would be enough.
There was much he still had to learn.
The banquet was winding down. Several revelers had already departed for the evening, at
times escorted by robots to make sure they didn’t fall over in their inebriated stupor. A few
Servants had taken to the training grounds to work off the food – in particular Cu Chulainn
and Leonidas, but Siegfried had joined them as well. The sounds of their weapons clashing
echoed through the air as Artemis cheered them on, though Orion was conspicuously absent
from her presence.
Meanwhile, Medea was moving among the tables, cleaning up. A few whispered words and
the dishes floated in the air, scoured and cleaned, then placed into the nearby tray a robot
following her touted. Though the old rules of hospitality may not be enforced here, she would
still abide by them and do her part, if only to be polite and remain in everyone’s good graces.
Though she had no plans on being allies or friends with everyone, being alienated or enemies
would be rather inconvenient.
“If you could please remove yourself from the table?” she asked Fou, who was snacking on
some leftover boar someone had left behind. “I have a duty to clean here.” The white being
lifted its face to stare at the Caster, its muzzle completely covered in barbeque sauce. It did
not budge.
He and the Caster stared each other down: A silent conversation turning into a battle of
stubbornness between the Witch of Colchis and the bundle of sauce and white fur.
Finally, Fou let out a huff. Instead of answering, it walked around the dish so its back was
facing her, then it resumed eating, distinctly sticking up its rear at her in the process.
Medea’s eye twitched in irritation before she took a breath to recompose herself. There was
little reason to get offended at an animal, after all. “I apologize for having to repeat myself,”
she tried again. “But could you step down please? It is nothing against you or anything
personal – I simply need to clean this area.”
Finally, Fou glanced up with what appeared to be an annoyed expression. “Fou Kyu,” it
squeaked, before grabbing a decent sized piece of the boar and finally hopped off with its
prize in tow. With a sigh of both relief and irritation, she continued cleaning up. She didn’t

mind small, adorable beings, but that one was a bit too willful for its own good. Well, so long
as it wasn’t in the way, its attitude was ultimately none of her business.
“Caster.”
Medea froze before slowly turning. The King of Knights approached her, openly and
confidently, yet with a hint of wariness. Despite her giving off no killing intent, the Caster
couldn’t help but feel a trill of fear down her spine from instinct. “Saber,” she greeted back
calmly.
“I’ve come to speak with you,” she stated. “About the hunt.”
“Is that so?” The witch quietly asked, already alert.
“Yes,” the King of Knights confirmed. “And… while I regret letting my emotions cloud my
judgement at that time, I do not regret my words nor do I withdraw them. You have greatly
wronged me, Caster, and I cannot forgive nor forget that.”
Medea let out a quiet breath as a small frown creased her face. “I do not expect you to,” she
answered quietly. “We simply serve the same Masters. No more is necessary.” She kept her
tone diplomatic and neutral to appease the Saber, but from her scowl, it had little effect.
“You’ll forgive me if I don’t take your words at face value after all you’ve done,” Artoria
growled before she closed her eyes and reined in her temper. “That being said, Morgana was
correct. We have a mission to accomplish, one that will require our skills and power. You
have come to Chaldea for the same purpose we have all gathered. And while I cannot
condone what you have done, I cannot deny your abilities and knowledge will be essential in
the days to come. That is what I shall put my trust in.”
The Caster silently considered. An agreement based on respect of one’s abilities… rare, but
not uncommon. Annoyingly, it reminded her of her time at the Argo. “If that is the
compromise we have reached, so be it,” she murmured. “If it’s any comfort, having you as an
ally is… a reassuring prospect. One that I do not wish to twist or betray. On that, you have
my word.”
The king’s frown deepened into a scowl once more. “I’m afraid I do not share the same
sentiment of reassurance, but I shall do the same,” she replied. “Now, if you’ll excuse me.”
Having said her piece, the Saber marched away before vanishing into golden light once
again, leaving the Caster alone.
Medea waited until her presence finally vanished before finally letting out a breath she didn’t
know she had been holding. The King of Knights was beautiful as always, even when her
rage was kindled. Her admiration still remained ever since she laid eyes on her. However, no
matter how she coveted the Saber, this wasn’t the time or place for it. They were allies of
circumstance here with a tenuous partnership at best. Risking that merely to slake her own
desires was unwise, to put it mildly.
She turned around and resumed cleaning the plates. Her imagination would have to suffice
for now.

Nero wandered back from the baths, her head now a dull ache rather than the more acute pain
she had experienced before. The roar of the banquet had died down since she had left, the
quiet chirp of the night replacing the fervor. A cool breeze wafted through the trees,
refreshing yet with a distinct sharpness that sent goosebumps over her bare skin. It felt like an
autumn wind before a cold winter settled in.
Though she stared at the stars and thought of a myriad different answers, even pantomimed
how each individual Master would answer (they ardently returned her affections, of course),
she was still no closer to resolving her quandary. She still didn’t know what to do, who to
choose, or if it was even alright to choose both of them – for her own satisfaction and for
theirs. It had been a long time since she had been this indecisive over anything, and it was
deeply troubling.
As she emerged from the forest, she looked around. The fire pits had been shut off, with the
robots currently working on carving the leftovers up to preserve for storage. A few of the
staff and Servants still loitered about, chatting and drinking amongst themselves, but it
seemed most of the revelers had left for the evening. It had been rather late, after all.
“Welcome back, Nero. Good walk?”
The emperor jumped slightly in surprise and stared owlishly at Ren, who had looked up from
wiping the stove of the open-air kitchen and was smiling at her. “Master,” she stammered. “I
had thought you left already. And won’t the servitors handle the cleaning anyway?”
The Phantom Thief shrugged. “I was already here anyway, so I decided to help with the
cleanup,” he replied. “Besides, you seemed a bit out of it earlier. I thought I’d greet you when
you came back.”
Her scattered mind did its best to reassemble itself as she rubbed her eyes. “I suppose I was,
yes,” she managed to murmur out. “I apologize for my absence. There was… something that
I had to consider in private.”
“I get that,” he accepted easily. “So I took it upon myself to welcome you back. Besides,
weren’t you the one who told me that having someone beautiful waiting for you to return to is
a great thing?”
Nero’s mouth dropped as, for once, she was at a loss for words. “I… I said a beautiful woman
, Ren Amamiya,” she barely managed to splutter out almost automatically.
Ren’s eyes widened as he clapped a fist into his hand. “Right, you did say that,” he realized.
He rubbed his chin in an exaggerated thinking posture, then snapped his fingers. “Let’s try
this, then.”
With a smirk and a flash of blue flame, a devilishly beautiful blonde woman appeared next to
him. Dressed in a black backless leotard, black heeled boots, and long black gloves. Two
demonic wings stretched out from her back, complete with a tail to match. The dark, alluring
aura that emanated from it was clear, but it was surprisingly weak. It was clearly made to
tempt and enchant, but no more.

Both Persona and Ren smirked. “ Welcome back, my dear emperor,” they purred. The husky,
seductive feminine voice layered with the Phantom Thief’s charming tenor, creating a sound
that reverberated down her spine, sending a delightful shiver rippling through her body. Once
more, any thoughts in her mind were blasted away, as she barely managed to wrangle the
passion that blazed in her heart and mind once again.
As Nero stood there, transfixed, the Phantom Thief let out a quiet chortle as his Persona
faded away. “That was a little experiment I’d been wanting to try, see how people would
react,” he remarked. “I’d say given your reaction, it was definitely a success.”
The emperor stared at Ren for a moment. Then finally, she burst out laughing. Absurd. How
utterly absurd! Here she was, torturously ruminating over the matters of the heart and love,
and her Master decides to act like a jester – an intelligent, charming jester who played his
joke to pull her out of her mind. It made absolutely no sense, none of it! Her heart, her
passion, her love, and the man himself – they all made absolutely no sense!
And yet, wasn’t that what she herself accepted a long time ago? Many things in the world
didn’t make sense to a logical mind, yet that mattered little. Her other self from the
singularity developed a rational, practical mind thanks to her hardships, a valuable gift that
she had yet to still fully embrace and learn. For that, she would be forever thankful.
But this was her stage now, and who better could encapsulate love and passion, and all it
entailed? It wouldn’t be constrained by rationality and logic, but simply led where it would.
And that, she was familiar with, and would embrace as she had always done. Whether it may
lead, she could not say, but she was the Emperor of Roses and the Flower of Olympia – and
she would stride that path to the end, be it a happy ending or a tragic loss.
“Yes, yes, quite,” Nero finally managed to gasp out as her laughter finally subsided. “Fforgive me for my outburst, it was so unexpected that I could not help but laugh. It is a very
delightful trick though – I must ask you to do it more often.”
“Heh, anytime for you,” the Phantom Thief easily agreed. “So, feeling better now? Nothing’s
wrong, I hope?”
The emperor shook her head, a beatific and grateful smile gracing her features. “What vexed
me before shall no longer trouble me,” she declared. “For now, anyway. I thank you for your
concern.”
She looked around her. “However, I did leave rather ungracefully from my own banquet,” she
sighed. “Such a disgrace is ill-becoming of me. I shall have to make amends – starting with
cleaning up. Might I join you, my Master?”
Ren grinned. Reaching over, he grabbed a broom and tossed it over, with the emperor easily
catching in hand. “Welcome to the team,” he quipped. “Hope you’re ready to work hard!”
“Umu, but of course!” Nero declared. “I shall make this place as beautiful and spotless as I
am!”

With her declaration, she stepped forward and began working with gusto, her heart feeling far
lighter and less troubled than before. Her passions had their will, and she had time. She
would follow it – and if it led to both Ren and her Praetor, then so be it. Even divided, her
love would be no less.
After all, for her, her love was boundless. And just like before, she would embrace it to the
end.
Roman sighed as he rubbed his temples. The command room was empty, save for him, with
the only sound being the hum of machines and computers all around him. Everyone else had
left for the banquet and, while he had promised to join, he instead had been tracking down a
particular signal. It had proven trickier than usual to trace, especially by himself, but he
finally managed to set the algorithms in. Now it was all a matter of waiting.
On another monitor, he had Magi Mari playing again. The white-haired girl was chatting
happily about various things, reading off donations and superchats as she always did. Having
all these recordings saved was a blessing – without her, he really didn’t know what to do with
himself. During his darkest times, she always knew the right thing to say on what he should
do, to which he could only be eternally grateful.
“ Thank you for the superchat! ‘I’m stuck at work but everyone else is having a huge dinner.
Console me!’’ Magi Mari chirped. ‘Are you so much of a workaholic that you can’t even
touch grass or eat? Get going and stop slaving away already, you loser! This is why you’re
still single!’
The doctor winced. Good advice, if harsh.
“I truly do hope, Romani, that you didn’t skip the banquet just to watch your idol.”
Roman whirled around in shock to see Da Vinci approaching, each hand holding a plate of
food. While her beatific smile was present as always, her eyes glinted coldly as she eyed the
monitor.
He gulped in nervousness. “Er, well, it’s for some background noise, that’s all,” he quickly
excused. “I was working for the most part – I think I might’ve found a singularity and I’m
just waiting for the algorithms right now to do the tracking. That’s all it is, I swear!”
Da Vinci dropped the smile at the news. Walking over, she placed the plates on a nearby
counter and checked over Roman’s shoulder. The doctor leaned aside as she watched the
genius work. She checked over his algorithms as well as the trace he was following. “Hm,
interesting,” she murmured. He watched as she adjusted the algorithms slightly and the
tracking sped up a considerable amount.
“Huh, nice,” Roman complemented with a grin. “Leave it to you to figure something out!”
“All in a day’s work for a genius,” the inventor purred. “But your algorithms were solid. All I
did were a few touch-ups. Do take credit for your work, Romani.”

“Heh, well,” the doctor uneasily laughed with a shrug. “Just… doing my job.” Not noticing
Da Vinci’s frown, he reached over for the plate. “So, which meat is this?” he asked as he
sifted through food. She had grabbed quite a bit for him, it seemed. “I don’t think I’ve ever
had bat, chimera, or a mythical boar before. I wonder if the last one tastes like pork still…?”
Da Vinci simply sighed. She was about to explain she grabbed all three when she heard
someone bouncing in. Turning around, they saw Artemis hopping into the control room. “Ah,
Artemis!” she greeted warmly. “I hope the banquet was to your taste – we spared little
expense for it.”
The goddess beamed. “It was fantastic,” she chirped. “Fitting for me and my peerage. You
had even honored my own quarry in such an extraordinary manner. The hunts as well were
magnificent to witness. As far as I’m concerned, you have all earned my pardon and my
favor.”
“Gods and goddesses don’t say that lightly,” Orion piped up from her shoulder. “You guys
did a bang-up job all around. Gotta say, bravo.”
“We’re glad you were pleased with it all,” Roman replied as he set the plate down on his lap.
For a moment, he wondered if he should push it – and the image of Ren and Ritsuka flashed
in his mind for a brief moment. “So, about what we agreed on…?” he prodded.
Artemis raised an eyebrow as Da Vinci looked over at him in surprise. “Oh? Reminding a
goddess of her vows?” she murmured, her blue eyes beginning to glow. “You are a more
daring man than I expected, Doctor Archaman.”
Once more, the doctor gulped nervously as Da Vinci moved defensively in front of him. “No
offense was meant,” he quickly said. “It’s just we do need those grails back. Every resource
we get is another step toward restoring humanity – which means more people to venerate you
and yours once more. That’s all it is.”
The goddess stared them both down. Even Orion was staring at them in silence, his
expressions unreadable through his toy-like features. Finally, she giggled. “You are quite
right,” she agreed. “The veneration you have shown is more than sufficient, and you speak
true about your goals. As the goddess of the hunt, I shall keep my word and reward you in
turn.”
Holding out her hand, three glowing lights coalesced and solidified, becoming three holy
grails: The two she had taken, and the third she had promised. Da Vinci stepped forward and
received them all. “Well, we are glad you had such a delightful time here,” she remarked. “It
was an interesting diversion, at least.”
“Indeed!” the goddess agreed cheerfully. “In fact, me and my honey had a discussion and
decided: We shall stay here at Chaldea!”
Roman almost stood up in shock before remembering his plate. Grabbing it so it didn’t spill
by accident, he spluttered, “I b-beg your pardon?!”

“We think you guys are gonna need a hand in the coming days,” Orion explained, drawing
their attention. “And honestly, you guys are pretty damn fun to watch and work with. So we
thought it’d be a good idea if we stuck around to help out. Besides, this place is filled with
rather generous bounties here, heh heh heh.” He leered over at Da Vinci’s assets for
emphasis, causing the inventor to raise an eyebrow.
“ Darling? ” Artemis snarled, now turning her rage on her diminutive lover once more.
Orion froze and was about to quickly stammer out an excuse when a flashing light from the
monitor caught his eye. “Hm? What’s that?” he asked, peering over and successfully
distracting everyone.
Roman looked over – and his eyes widened. “A new singularity has been found,” he reported.
“Looks like it’s centered around the Caribbean ocean.”
Da Vinci looked at the monitor and nodded. “Shall I contact the others?” she asked.
“No.” Roman stared down at his plate as he declared his answer. “They’ve had a rather hard
time lately,” he explained quietly. “They need their rest and relaxation, even if it’s just a bit.”
“Can you afford to wait?” Artemis pointed out. “Speed is imperative in a hunt, unless you
wish for your prey to escape.”
The doctor turned to look back at the monitor, staring at the blinking signal. “… We can
afford a day,” he replied. “After all they went through, they deserve it.”
They all stared in surprise at him, especially over how final his decision sounded. “Very
well,” Da Vinci replied, her beatific smile becoming warm. “In that case, we’ll brief and
dispatch them tomorrow. A good call, I must say.”
“Hunting constantly does get tiring,” Orion sagely agreed. “Sometimes a recharge is
necessary.”
“Yes,” Roman replied, hiding his surprise at his own decision. “I suppose it is.” This was his
goal, his mission: to bring back humanity. While he was able to justify it as needing to give
the Masters rest, he was surprised at how content he was at making the decision – especially
one of his own. It was far different than what he expected. It seemed he was changing too,
even from his beginning days.
Chaldea was certainly interesting.
“So…” Orion spoke again as he leered at Roman’s monitor. “What’s that hotty over there?
Not stacked but dang, is she cute.”
The doctor barely moved aside fast enough to avoid the thrown teddy bear and the swarm of
arrows that followed before nervously taking a bite of his own food. Assuming he didn’t die
first from the chaos, that was.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! There's
more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 117: Okeanos
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

A new singularity, a new adventure, and new allies

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ren admittedly thought today would be a slow start. After the festivities of the other night,
the mood in Chaldea felt relatively sluggish – many people were either dealing with
hangovers or had been muddling through their food comas. At least, that's what it seemed
like when there had been a record demand for his coffee in the morning. Ren had dealt with it
just fine after a shower and morning workout, but everyone else had been spectacularly
groggy, much to his amusement. He made sure to make everyone’s coffees a touch stronger,
just in case.
Then the announcement came through: a new singularity had been found.
After that, everyone bolted down their drinks and breakfasts – with quite a few scalded
tongues in the process – and rushed to the command room. Ren followed after dealing with
the last stragglers and now stood in the room himself, a heated up breakfast sandwich he was
casually snacking on in one hand and a mug of coffee in the other.
“I’m sorry you were called on such short notice, senpai,” Mash apologized, looking sheepish.
The Phantom Thief shrugged with a smile. “Compared to my days getting to school back in
Tokyo, this is nothing,” he replied.
“You better thank me for being such an early riser,” Morgana pointed out, scowling from his
perch on Ren’s shoulder. “You have no idea how hard it is to get you out of bed sometimes!
Sojiro’s had to pour ice water on your head before!”
Ren couldn’t help but laugh. “Mmmks fmm bmmng mmm fmm mm, Mmmgmnm,” he
replied gratefully with a mouth full of sandwich, reaching up with his newly freed up hand
and giving his best friend head scratches. The catlike being glared down at the Phantom Thief
at first before slowly closing his eyes and purring gently. Mash couldn’t help but smile
warmly at the sight.
“…. -rap, crap, crap, CRAP!”

Ren, Morgana, and Mash looked over in surprise to see Ritsuka barreling out of the hallway
and into the command room. Right before she reached them, she tripped from a misstep.
Before she could tumble onto the floor, the former reached over with his free arm and braced
her underneath her ribs while Mash quickly darted forward and grasped her by the shoulders
to stop her from falling on her face. Morgana, meanwhile, had hopped off of Ren so he didn’t
disturb the precarious balance of his sandwich and coffee.
The redhead gulped and carefully stood back up. “Good catch guys,” she panted. “Sorry
about that – especially to you, Ren. I almost made you drop your stuff.”
“Mmf mm, mmmph mm mm,” came the muffled reply before Ren finally took the sandwich
out of his mouth after taking another bite. “It’s fine,” he finally said. “I got a pretty good
sense of balance anyway.”
“Is everything okay, Ritsuka-senpai?” Mash asked in concern.
Ritsuka sighed. “I accidentally fell back asleep after you woke me up,” she groaned out. “I
can’t help it – the bed is comfy and I was still exhausted from both the hunt and the food
coma. When I woke up, I honestly thought I overslept. Again, really sorry for that, guys!”
“We would have caught you up, but I’m glad you were able to arrive on time,” Da Vinci
remarked as she walked past them, her eyes glittering in amusement. “Roman shall be here
momentarily, then we shall begin the briefing.”
Almost as if on cue, the doctor ran up, suppressing a wide yawn as he did so. “Sorry, sorry,”
he panted. “Overslept a bit. Ren, I’m gonna need a triple shot of the strongest you have after
this.”
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow. “Not sure if I recommend that, Roman,” he warned.
“You’ll die – either from the resulting heart attack or Da Vinci chewing you out.” He glanced
past the doctor. “Probably both.”
Roman shuddered as he felt the stern glare of the inventor behind him, then sighed in
despondent resignation. “I’ll just… get my usual from you later, then,” he relented. Shuffling
past the staff, he moved to the front. “Right, glad to see you’re all bright and early!” he called
out. “Since we’re all groggy and need a bit more time to wake up, I’ll get straight to the
point: We’ve discovered a new singularity.” Tapping a few keys, the global display on
CHALDEAS whirled around until it highlighted a certain region south of the European
continent – specifically the mass of water sitting right below it
“It’s located in the Mediterranean Sea,” the doctor explained. “We’ve locked onto the
timeline of 1573 AD, also known as the Age of Discovery. A more recent time compared to
either France or Rome, but readings indicate mystery is still quite strong during this time,
especially as the much of the seas were still uncharted and unexplored. Everyone will have to
be extra alert for nautical threats, both from pirates roaming for treasures as well as sea
creatures.”
“Of course, if you find some treasures, do help yourself,” Da Vinci chirped. “Any further
resources for Chaldea are always helpful! As you can see from the geography, however, most

of the indicated region is nothing but open ocean. To that end, while we can’t send a
seaworthy vessel for you, I have already uploaded a few ship designs to your personal
databases so you can craft them as necessary! I highly recommend bringing a Caster Servant
so you can easily modify the materials needed.”
“So!” The inventor clapped her hands together with a bright smile. “Ragazzo, ragazza, gatto!
Who are you bringing for the singularity? While Chaldea’s power output increased thanks to
Artemis’s Grail-“ The goddess of the hunt cheerfully waved off to the side in response.
“We’ve strained the equipment by sending out nine Servants at once for hunts. We’re
undergoing maintenance and upgrades but for now, you can only bring three along. Choose
carefully!”
Ren looked over at the gathered group of Servants as he finished off the rest of his sandwich.
He decided to mentally exclude the ones that joined them on the hunts – they probably could
use a bit of a breather. As he looked over the remainder and his eyes rested on Martha, the
large figure of Tarrasque popped up in his mind. He couldn’t help but smirk a bit. “Martha?”
he called.
The saint blinked in surprise, obviously not expecting to be called. “Yes, Master?” she asked.
“Can Tarrasque swim?” he asked, nodding over to the vast stretch of sea indicated on the
globe as he sipped on his coffee.
Martha glanced over and quickly pieced together what he intended. “He can swim, and quite
well,” she acknowledged. “It will be a drain on my mana though, so it’s preferable if he’s
only brought out for emergencies.”
“What’s this whole adventure been besides emergencies?” the Phantom Thief quipped with a
grin. “So, you in, Martha?”
The Rider grinned broadly before swiftly mastering her expressions, giving him a warm
smile instead and bowed. “It would be my honor, Master,” she replied as graciously as she
could.
Ritsuka meanwhile looked around, narrowing her eyes, then grinning once she found who
she was looking for. “Siegfried!” she yelled. “We could use a heavy hitter! You up for it?”
The dragonslaying swordsman smiled and stepped forward. “I had admittedly been
wondering when I would be able to take to the field,” he confessed. “If you believe I am the
best choice, then I shall dedicate my blade and strength to your mission. However, I must
apologize – nautical warfare isn’t my specialty. If you believe that would be an issue, then I
shall take no offense if you choose another, now or in the future.”
The redhead scoffed. “You’re Siegfried, the legendary, nigh-invincible dragonslayer of
legend,” she retorted. “Whether seas, skies, or land, you’ll be awesome no matter what. And
even if you aren’t, a little ocean isn’t gonna stop you, will it?”
Siegfried paused in surprise at Ritsuka’s bold declaration before allowing a smile to spread
across his face. “No, it will not,” he agreed. “Very well. Then once more, I pledge my sword

and strength to your service, Master.”
“Good to hear,” Ritsuka replied happily.
Morgana folded his paws as he considered. There were three Casters to choose from: ElMelloi, Medea, and Tamamo. While El-Melloi was strong, his talent with research combined
with the strategic acumen of Zhuge Liang meant he was more useful here in Chaldea than out
in the field. The miko was a rather clear pick: She just came fresh from the Bake-Kujira hunt
and had helped Ren create a whaling ship to travel the seas. Her newfound experience would
be invaluable for such a mission.
But on the other hand…
“Medea,” he called over, causing the hooded witch to look up. “Mind coming with us?”
The Caster frowned slightly. “I do not mind, but may I ask your reasoning?” she asked
quietly.
The catlike being nodded to the globe. “Your own legend had you at sea for quite a bit, right?
And it’s the Mediterranean at that,” he explained. “You probably know the lay of the land a
lot better than us. Not to mention, with all the abilities I’ve seen from you back in the hunt,
you’re definitely gonna be helpful, both in combat and in general. Can we count on you?”
Medea’s frown deepened at the mention of her legend but nevertheless lowered her head in
acknowledgement. “You speak wisely, Master,” she acceded. “Allow me a few preparations
first and I shall join you for the expedition.”
Morgana nodded, satisfied. “Take what time you need!” he replied.
“Alright, that’s settled then,” Roman concluded. “We’ll be commencing rayshifting and
operations in an hour, so make what preparations you need then get to position. Let’s get to
work, everyone!”
Thus stated, everyone dispersed. “Need me to whip up a breakfast for you?” Ren asked,
turning to Ritsuka.
The redhead shook her head. “I’ll grab a breakfast sandwich like you did,” she declined. “But
I definitely won’t say no to some coffee though – it’s gonna be a long day.”
“I’ll go pack what supplies we need,” Mash piped up. “I’ll have to keep in mind that we’re
fighting in a nautical environment and pack appropriately.”
“I’ll tag along then,” Morgana volunteered. “I can keep an eye out for anything we might
need to bring, just in case- GAH!” The catlike being screeched in surprise as Fou seemingly
popped up out of nowhere on Mash’s shoulder.
“Fou, fou!” it barked with an unusual intensity, startling the Shielder slightly.
“J-just keep that thing away from me!” Morgana cried as he jumped back in a panic, landing
and leaning as far away from the bundle of white fur as possible. Ren couldn’t help but laugh.

It had been a while since he had seen his best friend act like that.
Then he felt an odd, prickling sensation on his neck, and time seemed to slow to a crawl. He
knew this feeling all too well: the sudden hyper awareness that came from being watched. He
glanced over to see if Mash felt the sensation too, his mouth opening to askOnly to lock eyes with a ruby-red hue emanating from the eyes of the seemingly innocent
bundle of white fur on her shoulder. Fou stared at him with a piercing, searching gaze far
beyond its seeming intelligence – a gaze that indicated it had found something.
Like it was thinking of killing something.
“Fou, he’s not hiding any bacon,” Mash chided, noticing him staring at the Phantom Thief
particularly closely. “If you behave, I’ll give you some as a treat, okay? Otherwise, I really
would appreciate Morgana’s advice and assistance.”
For a few more moments, the stare held. Ren quietly gulped. He didn’t know for what, but he
was sure of one thing: He was being investigated and warned.
Then, just as soon as it appeared, the tension in the air rapidly dissipated. The little being
took one last glance at Ren’s chest before finally letting out a breath with a small huff, then
hopped off Mash’s shoulders. “Kyu fou,” it barked, sounding a bit annoyed, before it hopped
off and marched away, its tail raised like an indignant white flag.
Mash turned to watch him leave, then turned back and apologetically bowed to them. “I’m
sorry,” she apologized. “Fou has been a bit fussy lately. I’m not sure what’s gotten into him. I
think I need to spend more time with him once we come back from the singularity.”
Morgana sighed in exasperation. “Well, can’t say I don’t know how that feels,” he grumbled
before hopping off Ren’s shoulder. “But now that that’s done, we should get going – time’s
ticking and we've got a lot to pack.”
The Shielder smiled brightly and nodded in agreement. “Right. We’ll see you in a bit, Rensenpai and Ritsuka-senpai!”
As the two left, Ritsuka looked over to Ren. “Think an hour’s enough for a coffee?” she
asked again.
The Phantom Thief’s dazed expression was broken with a shake of the head. “I worked in a
café,” he corrected. “If I took an hour to make a coffee, the customer would’ve long since
left. Come on – I’ll have enough time to whip up a healthier breakfast while I’m at it.”
Ritsuka perked up. “Oh, heck yes!” she cheered. “In that case, last one to the cafeteria’s a
rotten egg!” With that, she dashed off down the hallway, nimbly dodging past the other
Servants and staff while she was at it. Ren’s grin widened and shook his head, deciding to
follow at a more sedate pace.
Still, even now he couldn’t shake the image of Fou’s stare in his mind. It was something he
hadn’t seen from the little being before. It was analyzing and penetrating, almost like it could

see within him – and past him. To say it was disconcerting was putting it mildly.
Come to think of it, how did Fou end up in Chaldea in the first place? He definitely recalled a
‘no pets’ policy in the contract or he wouldn’t have gone out of his way to try and smuggle in
Morgana. While this place was weird enough to warrant a mascot, he had a sneaking
suspicion it couldn’t be for such an ordinary and silly reason.
Then he shook his head and picked up the pace. He’d ask Mash or Roman later. Or maybe
even Olga. But for now, there was cooking to do.
“Think you can put another rebreather in there?” Morgana asked, tilting his head.
Mash bit her lip. “It’s a bit of a tight squeeze,” she murmured as she tried to push it into the
jigsaw puzzle that was Morgana’s little pack. The makeshift backpack was surprisingly more
durable than she expected, helped by Ren making small improvements whenever he saw fit
to strengthen it. In a way, its ruggedness combined with its size made it look rather cute. “Just
let me… ah, there!” With a bit more effort, she managed to fit it in.
“Nice!” the catlike being chirped. “You got a knack for this, Mash!”
The Shielder smiled. “It’s all about optimizing space,” she brushed off. The little knapsack
was stuffed full of supplies that Morgana would need just in case for the trip, such as food
and water, flares, and more. In lieu of a flashlight, knife, and a sleeping bag or tent, there
were extra rebreathers, air bladders, and even a modified safety vest. “This is a lot of
swimming equipment though,” she pointed out.
Morgana puffed up. “What’s wrong with that?” he asked indignantly. “Cats aren’t exactly
made for swimming, you know. I’m amazing at a lot of things, but even I have my limits.”
“Didn’t you go on the sea leg of the campaign back in the Roman singularity?” she inquired.
“Yes, and I’m still terrified of the sea,” the catlike being grumbled. “Plus, you would not
believe how uncomfortable and boring boats get after a while – nothing to do except chores,
chores, and more chores. And while the sea is amazing to look at, it all just becomes the same
after a few hours. In the end, all I could do was just fish all day every day.”
He got up and began pacing up and down the shelves. “And you can’t even get a decent
night’s sleep!” he continued to rant. “A hammock is nice and all at first but it swings around
like crazy, the lumber just keeps groaning and creaking, the air is stuffy as all heck and it’s
just… agh, I don’t know why people like sailing so much! It sucks!”
Mash couldn’t help but giggle. “It certainly does sound like an unpleasant experience,” she
agreed. “But maybe this mission will be different? It’s not like you’ll be sailing around with
the Roman army again.”
Morgana opened his mouth, then paused to consider. “Hm, good point,” he relented as he
pondered. “At least traveling with Ren and you guys will be a lot more tolerable – though
that depends on the ship too. It’ll be a lot more entertaining, at least.”

He looked back down at her curiously. “What about you?” he asked. “Are you looking
forward to it?”
The Shielder blinked in surprise, thought for a moment, then nodded. “I never went sailing
before,” she admitted. “I’ve seen a bit of the sea while we were in the singularity, and the
ocean on videos and movies, but I’ve never been on a ship before. It will be a new experience
for me.”
The catlike being grinned. “Heh, well leave it to us,” he declared happily. “I’ve been on a
Roman troop ship while Ren’s been on a whaling boat, and we’ve both even traveled around
on a cruise ship for a bit! It was a Palace, sure, but it still counts! We’ll make sure your first
boat ride will be a great time!”
“Oh! Well… please take good care of me, Morgana,” Mash gratefully replied with a small
bow and a smile. “I believe that’s almost it for everyone’s supplies. I wonder…” She glanced
behind her at the other shelves of the supply depot, particularly the gas masks. The flames
and noxious gas of the Chimera still burned bright in her mind’s eye. It would definitely be a
very tight squeeze, but perhaps it would be prudent to…
Both Mash and Morgana jumped as the door to the supply depot hissed open, followed by
Joan stepping in. She blinked in surprise at seeing the two there. “Hm. Well, that saves me
the trouble,” she muttered, seemingly more to herself than to anyone else.
The two looked at each other, then looked back to the Lancer. “Is there something you need,
Joan?” Mash asked out of curiosity.
Joan stared down at the Shielder, then sighed before holding up a backpack in her hand. “I
need to carry my own supplies as well,” she explained. “But I don’t know heads or tails of
what I should pack. Don’t suppose you guys mind helping me with that?”
Mash blinked several times in clear surprise, then beamed and nodded. “Of course!” she
chirped. “It’s easier if you can compile a list of what you need but we have the basics over
here…!”
Morgana watched as the Lancer followed the eager Shielder, who quietly listened and packed
whatever she might need, occasionally piping up with some of her own suggestions or
questions. Though it had been a while ago at this point, it was still almost a disconcerting
contrast between the person here and the madwoman they had encountered back in the
France singularity.
Joan suddenly turned around to glare at Morgana, to Mash’s surprise. “What are you staring
at?” she growled, though there was little heat in her voice. “Do I have some string on my
back or something?” Despite sounding sarcastic, she had instinctively reached behind her to
feel around the back of her neck.
The catlike being shook his head. “Sorry about that,” he quickly apologized. “I think I’m
good with supplies for now. Thanks, Mash! I’ll catch you guys in the coffin room!”
“Oh, um, okay!” Mash answered, surprised. “We’ll see you then!”

Joan watched as the catlike being departed. With a sigh, she turned back around to continue
packing. Then felt another pair of eyes staring at her - this time, coming from the Shielder.
“… what is it now?” she asked grumpily, albeit in a gentler tone than before.
“Oh, um…” Mash stammered, trying to find the words. “I was… wondering if you found
what you wanted to do.”
The Lancer frowned. “What do you mean?” she asked.
The Shielder twiddled her fingers. “Well, Ren-senpai had asked me if I figured out what I
wanted to do before, and I’m still figuring that out. I was just wondering if you found any
answers, since… um… you were trying to figure out the same thing.”
Mash flinched as she realized how that sounded. “I-I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to be
insensitive,” she quickly apologized.
Joan stared at Mash with an unreadable expression, then sighed aridly. “Answers, huh?” she
muttered as she turned back to continue packing. “Been throwing myself into different
hobbies or researching different things but so far, I got nothing. At the end of the day, all I got
to focus on is just this damn mission.”
And with any luck, maybe either save as many people as I killed or die trying, she thought
miserably to herself.
The Shielder blinked several times, then looked down in disappointment. “I see.” She stated
sadly, words failing her for several moments. Even she could tell Lancer was unhappy always temperamental and exhausted by most things around her, especially herself.
And more than anything, she was lonely. Besides a few curt exchanges or being dragged
along by others, Joan always chose solitude – not just because it was a preference, but out of
penance.
But what should she say? What could she say? She neither understood people well nor how
to properly help them. She had devoured countless psychology textbooks and did her best
with the knowledge, yet they had proven to be of surprisingly little use for actually speaking
with people. All she could do was quietly assist her in taking what supplies needed, her
anxiety and concern silently mounting up behind her tongue.
Still, that wasn’t an excuse to not try, was it? They were all working together, entrusting their
lives to one another. And her senpais were always trying to keep everyone’s spirits and
morale high, no matter the situation. If she could maybe, possibly help, then it wasn’t even
just something she could do – it was a responsibility she had to see through, no matter what.
“I think… I understand how you feel,” she quietly commented, dredging up her courage as
much as she could. “A little bit.”
Joan looked up in surprise and no small amount of consternation. “What?” she growled.

The sudden edge in the Lancer’s tone caused Mash to hesitate, but nevertheless she pressed
on. “Erm… I just, d-don’t really have anything but the mission either,” she quickly
elaborated. “And nothing after. So…” Her words and nerve petered out under the intensifying
yellow eyes of Joan, eventually turning back to the shelves of the depot.
“Something you trying to say?” Joan asked, her voice now deathly quiet.
The Shielder shook her head in a minor panic. “No, no!” she immediately denied. “I’m just
saying that, um…you don’t have to, I guess…” She could barely muster up the words under
the Lancer’s withering glare. “I guess, I just wanted to say that you could talk to me about it,
if you wanted to…?”
Joan’s expression morphed from one of rage and wrath to surprise, for a moment at a loss for
words. Mash quickly took the opportunity to press forward. “I just remember how sad it
sometimes made me to have no one to tell how I felt,” she explained. “So I can, um, listen, if
you want. I might understand, maybe…?”
As her words faded away, the ensuing silence that filled the room was beyond suffocating.
Doubt quickly settled in as the Shielder felt like she had broached a topic that shouldn’t have
been touched, least of all by her. She opened her mouth to apologize for speaking out of line
when Joan simply sighed.
“It’s really getting annoying that you’re all treating me like I’m some lost kid,” she grumbled,
her voice more irritated than truly angry.
Mash opened her mouth to apologize, but was forestalled by the Lancer raising her hand.
“Just stop,” she muttered. “It’s fine. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
Joan turned to look the girl squarely in the eye. “I get what you’re trying to do, and I’m not…
mad at you for trying.” Her words were slow and hesitant, like she was carefully considering
each one. Despite how distant she tried to be, something about the shielder’s genuine concern
softened her tongue. Lashing out now would just feel like kicking a fretting puppy.
“But I don’t need it,” she continued. “I’m fine. I don’t know what the hell to think about…all
of this, but I’m not gonna let that be anyone else’s problem, alright? I have too much to do to
go breaking down now.”
Joan finished packing up her supplies and zipped her bag up. “So instead of wasting time on
me,” she concluded. “Pay more attention to the people that need you - like your Masters.”
Having said her piece, she stood and turned to leave, letting out an exhausted breath as she
did so.
Just as she reached the door, a voice behind her yelled “Wait!” Turning around in surprise,
she saw the Shielder rush up with a surprisingly serious expression.
“There’s… that’s not enough rations for you, Joan,” she panted out. Her physical capabilities
weren’t the greatest when she wasn’t in her Servant attire. She made a mental note to perhaps
train in the gym – extra physical fitness never hurt anyone.

“What?” Her eyes narrowed as she opened her bag to check, tallying up her inventory. “This
is a month’s worth!” she growled. “How is that-?!“
“It’s only a month’s worth if you ate one a day,” the Shielder rapidly interjected. “Regulations
dictate that more should be eaten regularly to maintain regular nutritional intake as well as
mental health. Please, take these as well.” Mash held out a pile of rations, more than what the
Lancer had packed for herself, with her head bowed.
For a moment, a familiar awkward silence descended upon the two women. This time,
however, Mash was unwilling to back down. Her actions may be downright rude at this point,
but she refused to leave someone who regularly risked her life for their mission to starve
herself.
Joan stared at the Shielder before letting out an exasperated sigh. Despite her humble
demeanor, she could recognize that determination anywhere – that saint emanated it damn
near any time she breathed. “You’re not gonna let me leave be if I don’t take them, are you?”
she stated flatly.
While keeping her head down, she raised her eyes to meet Joan’s annoyed look. Her
expression was now nothing but altruistic determination, as endearing as it was infuriating.
Joan could feel herself wrestling with her thoughts and arguments before finally giving up.
“Fine, fine!” she snapped. “I’ll take the damn rations, just knock it off with the puppy dog
eyes!” She snatched the ration packs from Mash and shoved them inside her pack before
stalking away. Anything to get away from that face of hers at this point.
“Thank you, Joan!” the Lancer heard Mash call out gratefully behind her before she happily
went back into the supply depot. Joan could only shake her head in exasperation as silence
fell on the hallway once again.
‘She’s as stubborn as he is,’ she thought frustratedly to herself. ‘Damn him and his
influence.’
An hour later, everyone was gathered in the coffin room. Da Vinci was manning the consoles,
warming up the machines while Roman took quick, last-minute physicals of the Masters and
Joan to make sure there weren’t any health complications they didn’t catch. Almost
everything had been prepped and ready for them to go. With a flip of a switch, the coffins
opened.
“Coordinates and timeline locked, all systems are green,” the self-proclaimed genius chirped
over the intercom. “Whenever you’re all ready to go!”
“Almost done on my end,” Roman reported as he checked the readings from the medical
mystic code. “Your vitals and readings look good, no abnormalities. I was worried that the
stress from the hunts would do a number to your health, but you guys are fit as a fiddle.”
“Come on, doc, we’re not old enough to have our bodies fail us that quickly,” Ritsuka pointed
out with a snicker, causing both Morgana to laugh while Ren chuckled in response.

The doctor winced at the tease at his age. “Wait until you guys get to my age,” he mumbled
dejectedly as he recorded their readings on his clipboard. “Then we’ll see who gets the last
laugh.”
Amidst the laughter, Medea stepped up. “Masters, a word,” she spoke softly.
Everyone looked at her in surprise. “What’s going on, Medea?” Morgana asked, tilting his
head in curiosity.
Reaching into the folds of her robe, she took out three small vials, each filled with a golden
liquid. “I managed to distill the silphium plants you have provided me into potions,” she
explained. “They are rather potent in mystery and can restore both mana and stamina to an
astonishing degree. I would have to run tests and experiments to see what other properties
they possess, or if I can enhance the effects, but this was as much as I could prepare on such
short notice.”
“Wha- you’re having them take new, untested drugs to the field!?” Roman spluttered in what
bordered on outrage. “Absolutely not! Who knows what kind of effects they’d have!? We
need to have them tested here and make sure there aren’t any outstanding side effects that can
affect them! For all we know, they might-“
“I have already performed all necessary preliminary tests myself,” the witch brusquely
interjected as she took a sheaf of papers from her robes and handed them to the doctor. “I
have ensured their efficacy and minimized any potential side effects,” she explained while
Roman’s eyes tore through the report. “They are fit for field tests – and considering our
Masters’ tendencies to exhaust themselves, having these refined and ready as soon as
possible is paramount, in my opinion.”
Ritsuka glanced over Roman’s shoulder in curiosity – and blinked at the startling array of
diagrams, medical jargon, and magecraft theory she could make neither heads nor tails of.
“Er… so are we good to take these?” she asked, giving up trying to comprehend anything
written and checking with the doctor instead.
Roman’s jaw worked up and down trying to find his words, then let out a frustrated breath as
he pinched the bridge of his nose. “Theoretically, it should be fine,” he admitted. “Everything
I’m seeing here checks out, but… we need to verify this ourselves, Medea! Peer review exists
for a reason!”
“I mean, this wouldn’t be my first time taking experimental drugs,” Ren commented with a
shrug.
The doctor rounded on him with a glare. “You are not helping,” he snapped. The Phantom
Thief raised his hands disarmingly with a smirk but otherwise didn’t argue.
“I had been summoned to Chaldea for a distinct reason,” Medea pointed out, now sounding
slightly annoyed. “And I have made a vow to protect and serve my Masters to the best of my
ability. The potions have been made with the control group of the silphium to ensure their
stability. You may use a command seal on me if you wish to have me tell the truth, and I will

tell you exactly what I have just told you.” Roman frowned, staring at the report, then
looking at the potions, looking torn.
“… Well, Roman?” Ren asked. “You’re the medical expert here. What’s your call?”
The doctor read the report one more time, then heaved a sigh. “I… see nothing objectionable
here,” he answered. “These potions will serve as a good restoration item and will
undoubtedly be useful, especially since we’ve seen how you guys have exhausted yourselves
in the hunts. They’re only dangerous in high doses, so they’re restricted to a vial a day.”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “Good enough for me,” he acknowledged. “Thanks for coming
through for us, Medea.”
The corner of the Caster’s mouth twitched in displeasure, but she nevertheless bowed. “I am
merely performing my duties, Master,” she humbly replied. “If we are in a situation where
you take them, please inform me of their performance. Any data so I can further refine them
will be appreciated.”
“Can do,” Ren replied easily as each Master took a vial for themselves.
“Hm? Oh, thank you, Medea!” Da Vinci chirped over the intercom. “I meant to explain with
you about the potions, but I have been rather busy lately!”
“Wait, you knew about the potions?” Ritsuka asked in surprise.
“Si!” the genius cheerfully confirmed. “It was a collaboration between me and Medea! I
assisted in compiling the notes and research Medea had done while she distilled the potions!
The report you are holding was written by yours truly! I will admit creating medicines is not
normally my specialty, but nothing is beyond a genius like me~!”
Roman’s mouth dropped slightly, then whirled back to Medea. “Why didn’t you just say that
to begin with?!” he spluttered.
Medea’s frown deepened. “I had thought my credentials as a Caster were evident, though it
appears I have overestimated my reach,” she replied, her slightly annoyed tone contrasting
her words. “I shall be sure to mention any collaborators in the future.” Before the doctor
could answer, the witch swept past him without giving him a second cast toward her
designated coffin.
Ren smiled sympathetically and patted the doctor on the shoulder as he sagged despondently.
“She means well,” he reassured her. “But thanks for looking out for us.”
Roman just sighed. “Just… trying to do my job,” he lamely replied, giving him a weak smile.
“Stay safe, alright? All of you.”
“You already know my answer by now,” the Phantom Thief replied, his grin widening as the
doctor groaned again in frustration.
Everyone stepped into their coffins, the doors shutting and enclosing them within. Interior
lights winked on as the small speaker within crackled into life.

“Coordinates are set,” Da Vinci announced. “Beginning rayshifting sequence. See you on the
other side!”
Unsummon Program start.
Spiritron Conversion start.
Rayshift starting in 3, 2, 1…
All procedures cleared.
Grand Order, commencing operation.
Then there was the now familiar explosion and whirlwind of lights, and they knew no more.
Third Singularity – AD 1573, Sealed Ends of the Four Seas: Okeanos
Balmy weather, white sands, turquoise waves, clear skies, and a bright sun. A forest of palm
trees lay beyond the shores as the sea lapped up against the beach, tranquil and peaceful. The
calls of seagulls and other birds rang in the distance, taking to the air on their own paths
through the gentle breeze that wafted through the land. There was no sign of either life or
civilization as far as they could see.
Ren stretched, soaking in the warmth. “Well, I did think about requesting a vacation, and here
we have a tropical getaway,” he quipped with a grin as he turned back to the others. “Think
they set us up for a beach stay?”
“Ugh, I wish I could relax,” Ritsuka shuddered, glancing about her nervously. “This is way
too familiar to where I fought that Chimera. There probably isn’t anything as bad here, yeah,
but still.”
“According to Chaldea, there aren’t any hostile beasts any greater than local wildlife in the
vicinity,” Mash reported, now in her Servant attire once again. “There shouldn’t be any
threats like the Chimera or anything like it on this island.”
The Phantom Thief noticed his communicator blinking and tapped it, showing the
holographic display of Roman. “Hey doc,” he greeted. “We’re here safe and sound.”
“That’s good to hear,” Roman replied, sounding oddly relieved. “I caught a typo in the
coordinates right before the rayshift initiated and worked like mad to correct it. You guys
would’ve appeared about three thousand meters in the air if I hadn’t.”
“Three thousand-?!” Morgana spluttered in sheer shock.
“It would have been trivial to rescue you from such a fall,” Medea pointed out, looking at
Roman with no small amount of annoyance. “However, it would have been rather…
inconvenient.”

“Well, er, I caught it so… all’s well that ends well?’ the doctor finished lamely with a
sheepish grin and shrug.
Ren couldn’t help but burst out laughing. “Wouldn’t be the first time,” he remarked.
“Remember out escape from Okumura’s Palace, Mona?”
“That doesn’t count and you know it, Joker!” the catlike being snapped.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “Anyway,” he continued, turning back to the doctor. “Any idea
where we’re going from here? Or should we get to chopping down trees?” Already, he eyes
the trees nearest the shoreline with a critical eye, half-tempted to activate his Third Eye to see
which one held the best lumber they could use.
“As flattered as I am that you want to immediately use my designs, ragazzo, that may not be
necessary.” Da Vinci’s amused visage popped up next to Roman. “According to our scans,
there is a port approximately seven kilometers north of your destination. I would suggest
checking that out before beginning any sort of construction – you might be able to acquire a
ship more easily that way. Just walk down the shore – you can’t miss it.”
“And here I was all ready to make another boat,” Ren jokingly bemoaned. “Sure thing. We’ll
let you know on our status once we do.” With a tap on the communicator, the holograms
vanished as he turned back to the others. “Let’s get going,” he announced.
They made their way down the beach, with the Servants once more providing a protective
bulwark. Ritsuka glanced between two particular people and asked, “So, uh… Medea? Joan?
Aren’t you two kinda hot in those?”
Medea glanced at her in surprise from her rearguard position. Despite herself, a tiny smile of
amusement creased her lips. “Servants are not as susceptible to temperatures as regular
humans,” she pointed out. “However, even as a human, I find this climate rather refreshing.
And my robes are light enough to allow for decent aeration, so overheating is not an issue. It
is certainly less suffocating than wearing full, dark colored armor.”
“Oh, shut it. It’s not that bad,” Joan grumbled from her vanguard position. “It’s not like this is
normal armor anyway, so temperature isn’t a problem for me.” Granted, the climate was
considerably warmer here than the more temperate France, but it wasn’t too much of an issue
for her. She idly wondered if incarnated Servants had similar temperature resistances to
normal Servants, given their flesh and blood bodies. She would have to research later.
Ritsuka meanwhile blinked owlishly. “Come to think of it,” she said slowly. “I don’t think
I’ve ever seen you wear anything else, Joan. You too, Mash!” The Shielder looked over in
surprise at being suddenly addressed. “It’d be fun to see you in other clothes besides your
Chaldean work uniform and your Servant attire! Come on, please?”
“We’ve already spoken about this before, Ritsu-senpai!” Mash replied, flustered. “It really
isn’t needed! What I wear is more than enough for either work or casual clothes! I don’t need
other clothes or fashion! I’m grateful you’re considering my appearance so much, but this
isn’t necessary!”

“Oh, not necessary my foot,” Ritsuka growled. “I bet you would look both adorable and
absolutely stunning in other clothes. That settles it - when we get back to Chaldea, I’m asking
Da Vinci to make clothes for you two. And maybe I’ll get Nero’s input too. She probably has
some really good, totally not exposing, ideas-“
As the two girls burst into frustrated protestations, Ren chuckled in amusement and glanced
at Martha by his side, who was politely listening. “Are you interested as well?” he
commented.
The saint smiled and shook her head. “I…have not considered the possibility before.” She
stated honestly, her expression remarkably open, before swiftly closing in embarrassment.
“N-not that I would, of course. The garb of a saint must simply be practical to perform his
work.”
She turned away and added, with a hint of venom to her voice, “Nor do I want to wear
anything suggested by that emperor.”
The vitriol Martha put in those words had Ren’s curiosity., and he had almost opened his
mouth to ask her if she held some resentment towards Nero… only for the glaringly obvious
answer to fill his mind.
Ren could hardly call himself a researcher of history, but he made an effort to at least know
the basics of what or who every persona he held was.
He knew well enough why the collective unconscious of humanity knew the name of Mother
Harlot.
“I assume I know why you seem to resent Nero?” Ren stated softly. He was under no
illusions it was a conflict he could resolve, but he still felt the need to press. Something here
was worth stating aloud, if for no other reason than to know where his allies stood.
The Rider blinked several times, then sighed as she turned away, frowning in contemplation
on how she wished to explain. “I was still alive during Nero’s reign,” she murmured quietly.
“A bit older than you see me now, but I was there for her reign of the Roman Empire. During
that time, I have seen… things conducted under her rule.”
She glanced out of the side of her eye at Ren. “Were you aware, Master, of how Romans
treated Christians during that time?”
Ren’s eyes narrowed a bit as he dug through his memories for what he had studied about it in
the past. “Specifics, no. Although the situation…”
Cruelty beyond measure,” Martha replied shortly. “I had witnessed the cruelty and pain she
had inflicted on my people during that time. I lost my friend to their policies, despite Him
knowing since the beginning it would happen. Whether it was politics or discrimination, I
don’t know, but it is irrelevant to the suffering she caused. She had created and perpetuated
the policies during that time, and that is something I cannot forgive.”

The Phantom Thief nodded somberly. He wondered if either Boudica or Nero knew about her
history as well. “Is Nero being at Chaldea a problem?” he asked quietly.
The saint paused again in consideration, then sighed. “I have no desire to bring up any mutual
history, for good or ill,” she muttered. “Nor is it ultimately my place to judge her. So long as I
don’t have to deal with her and she doesn’t bother me, then it will suffice.”
Despite her words, Ren could see her hands balled up into tight fists from rage. “I see,” he
acknowledged. Nero’s capacity for insanity and tyranny did not escape him. He still clearly
remembered the words she spoke to ignite the hearts of her soldiers. That they were of her
bounty, her greatness was the empire of Rome.
That they were her lives to burn, honor, and devour. Despite himself, and despite the affection
he held for the emperor, he could not entirely prevent his own blood from boiling.
In a way, he was thankful their mortal lives were so far separated. That fate weaved them
together as allies. Ren didn’t like the idea of crushing roses.
He was pulled from his own nigh Luciferian thoughts when noticed how quiet it was, aside
from the splashing of the waves and distant call of the birds. Turning, he saw Ritsuka
immediately turning away while the others continued walking on, either unperturbed or
otherwise pretending they weren’t listening. Deciding to defuse the tension in the air a bit, he
gave a small smile. “There’s a lot I don’t know about everyone, it seems,” he remarked.
Siegfried shook his head. “Perhaps not,” he agreed. “But regardless of our histories and our
deeds, all of us still stand by you as your swords and your Servants. Of that, I shall reassure
you.”
Morgana huffed. “That’s good to hear, though I guess we still have to moderate from time to
time,” he grumbled, thinking back to the arguments his Servants had during the hunt. He sent
a telepathic link to Medea. ‘On that note, did you resolve everything you needed to with
Artoria?’ he asked. ‘Or is there something we need to do as well?’
The Caster’s eyes flicked over to the diminutive Master. ‘It has been resolved for the time
being,’ she answered calmly. ‘Though I do thank you for your concern. As Siegfried said, my
skills and capabilities are yours to command and at your disposal.’
The catlike being quietly nodded. ‘Good to hear,’ he replied, reassured. ‘I’m eager to try out
the potion, though. Hope it doesn’t taste bad, though.’
Medea gave a thin, though amused, smile. ‘Potion brewing puts taste as a very distant second
priority at best,’ she replied. ‘Anything extraneous to help improve the flavor might end up
diluting or outright ruining its potency.’
‘That’s what I thought,’ Morgana sighed sadly.
They made their way down the shoreline, chatting about more mundane topics while keeping
an eye out for any hostile threats. As the sun started setting, they climbed over a hill and

eventually came upon their destination: The port. The Masters fished out their binoculars
from their packs and surveyed the town. “There’s a lot of people there,” Morgana mused.
“Yep, and none of them look too friendly,” Ritsuka commented grimly. The place was
crawling with rugged looking men, bearing cutlasses, sabers, and flintlock pistols, cheering
and laughing as they drank, arm-wrestled, and occasionally brawled both in betting
competitions and just bar fights. Their coarse sea shanties echoed through the air, though
thankfully far too faint to make out the lyrics.
“They do have a boat though,” Ren pointed out, drawing everyone’s gaze. Sitting in the port
was a large multi-decked sailing ship. Even in the distance it loomed, towering over
everything else in the area. It was a grand, royal craft, painted primarily black with yellow
and blue emblems decorating and highlighting its majesty. The various gunports were also
outlined by the paint, emphasizing the sheer amount of firepower it carried as well.
The Phantom Thief was impressed. Although Shido’s ship was far larger and more modern,
the galleon felt both like a waterborne fortress and a bold statement – that it would command
and conquer whatever seas it might venture across, both known and unknown. “Think we can
sneak on and commandeer the ship?” he inquired, already spotting the ship wheel.
“Not a good idea,” Ritsuka shot down as she put together a mental map of the port. “It’s the
only ship docked, so I’m guessing all the men we’re seeing right now are its crew. I don’t see
the captain either so there may be even more people hiding out. As soon as we do anything
with the ship, they’ll be alerted, and we’ll have a fight on our hands.”
Morgana scoffed. “And?” he snapped as he glared at the crew through his binoculars. “We
have Personas and three powerful Servants here, plus the advantage of surprise. I see a few
lookouts, but we can quickly take them out and mop up the rest. We’ve Martha here too – she
can sail the ship without any trouble.” He looked over at the saint for confirmation. “Right?”
The Rider nodded. “The only problem is that we would need a crew ourselves,” she added.
“A large vessel like that can’t be sailed with just the few of us.”
“I will handle that,” Medea quietly supplied. “What are your orders, Master? Shall we
proceed?”
Ren furrowed his eyebrows in consideration. He was about to give the order when Mash
spoke. “Um, senpai?" she murmured. “I think there’s one more thing we have to consider.”
The Phantom Thief looked back at her in surprise. “Oh?” he inquired.
“These men are already in the singularity, correct?” she explained. “Then most likely they, as
well as their captain, probably know the situation here far better than we do. Whatever
knowledge they hold might be valuable, and they may make for good allies. It may not be a
good idea to provoke hostilities by stealing their ship.”
Ren’s brows furrowed in consideration as he looked back down at the ship. “Hm, that’s a
good point,” he murmured. An idea popped up in his mind – one reckless enough that it had
him grinning.

“Change of plans,” he announced – and everyone immediately felt chills down the spine.
The port was abuzz with activity. The rowdy, drunken sailors were unused to visitors,
especially in such an unknown land. They had been drinking and making merry the whole
time and at first, the strangers were dismissed as drunken hallucinations. After all, with their
ridiculous garb and gear, they surely were nothing more than an odd dream or some illusion.
But as the strangers made their way into the port, it was clear they were far from
hallucinations. The bleary gazes of the men gradually focused and sharpened as they passed
by, many of them reaching for their weapons. A few straight ahead of them stirred as the
group approached and stood up with hands near their guns. “Hey, where do you think you’re
going?!” one called out. “Bit rude to just pass by without an ‘ahoy’ there!”
The young man with messy hair in front gave a charming smile. “We got a business offer
with your captain,” he replied smoothly. “We have some solid muscle and tonics here, and
we’re looking for a ship. You have a ship and some clue what’s going on around here, so we
offer our services. A fair trade, aye?”
The sailor narrowed his eyes as he scanned the group. Aside from that one large man, it was a
group of children and women – good looking ones too, he realized with a small lick of his
lips. And there was also a… cat? Was that a cat? It was official – he probably needed to lay
off the bottle for a bit. “Looks more like to me a roving band of clowns and entertainers,” he
shot back. “What the hell are you really here for, huh?”
Laughing, the young man nodded in acceptance. “You caught me,” he admitted. “At the very
least, I’ve been called a jester a few times – name’s Joker, by the way.” His smile widened as
he met the man’s eyes. “But I am telling you the truth: We’ve business with your captain, and
we do need your ship. Of course, if you insist, we can put on a little show.”
The menace in Joker’s tone was unmistakable, causing the man to narrow his eyes. “Oh?
Bold words,” he muttered as he quietly slid a flintlock pistol from his waist and cocked the
hammer. Several others around him not so subtle followed suit. “Been a bit boring around
these parts – we could use a bit of entertainment ourselves. So, what kind of show are you
gonna put on for us?”
Joker grinned. He reached into his pocket, then suddenly threw something at the man. The
sailor scowled as he immediately fired, the lead ball immediately crashing against it with the
sound of breaking glass. A dark powder landed against his face – and suddenly he began
sneezing wildly. “Wha- achoo! Achoo!” he wheezed. “The hell was that?!”
“That, my good friends, was pepper!” the young man replied loudly. “We carry goods with us
as well – rather valuable ones. I meant for that as a token of good faith, but you had to go and
break it.” He sighed dramatically as all the sailors’ eyes widened in realization. “Oh, and it
would have been a rather profitable deal,” he bemoaned. “But if that’s how you treat new
friends, then I suppose we’ll have to take our business elsewhere!”
“Wait-Achoo!” the sailor barely managed to sneeze out before finally gathering his
composure, sniffling with a glare. “I’ll take you to the damn captain. But hands where we can

see them and no funny moves, got it?”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Joker replied with a wide grin. “Lead the way.”
The sailor led them up toward where the captain was situated, his eyes thumbing his cutlass.
As he passed by more of the crew, many of whom were now staring in curiosity, his eyes
flicked toward them. In a single glance, they quickly understood, quietly forming up behind
the group once they walked by. A sheer bounty like this was far too lucrative to pass up.
And he trusted that boy, Joker, about as far as he could throw him. Better to deal with him
quickly and now, before he played another card.
He stopped outside a large tavern, reserved for the captain’s use, where a green-haired man
sat outside drinking. “Wait here,” he called back. “I’ll let the captain know.”
With that, he stalked into the tavern. As he approached, the man looked up. “Evening,
Eckart,” he greeted cordially. “Captain’s inside if that’s what you’re here for.”
Eckart nodded stoically. “Appreciate it,” he muttered before stepping in. He quickly found
the captain at one of the tables, guzzling down rum with feet propped up.
“Rather loud outside,” the captain remarked. “Something interesting going on?”
“We got a group of strangers here,” the sailor reported. “They say they’ve a business
proposition. They need our ship, and in return offer their services. They’re also hauling
valuable goods too, like pepper. If you ask me, there’s something fishy about them – I don’t
trust them a bit.”
“Pepper?!” the captain shouted as they stomped their feet down. “Is this true, Eckart?”
“Aye,” he confirmed seriously. “The boy in front slung it at me like he was throwing a rock –
and he didn’t even give a damn.”
“So that means either he’s a fool, or he’s so rich that he doesn’t care,” the captain concluded
with a fierce smile. With a swift motion, a coat was slung across their shoulders and a
tricorne hat was placed on their head. “You got the welcoming party ready?”
“Aye, Cap’n,” the sailor replied with his own smile, eyes already glinting from new potential
riches. “They’re awaiting your word.”
“Good man,” the captain praised with a broad grin. “Now, let’s see to these guests and
potential partners of ours. I thought today was gonna be boring, but this sounds all too fun!”
With a bold stride, the captain stepped past the sailor and pushed the doors wide open as the
sea breeze, soothing and cool as always, fluttered.
“So, I hear you’ve a proposition for me and my crew!”
‘They’re still piling in behind us?’ Ren asked casually.

‘They are,’ Siegfried confirmed. ‘The men have already cut off our retreat while their sentries
have redoubled their lookout for any of our reinforcements.’
The Phantom Thief nodded. They had debated for a while how they wished to enter the port –
whether by stealth, force, or other means. In the end, they decided instead to simply march
boldly and brashly through the front as a show they meant no harm and wished for a more
diplomatic solution. It was a gamble, but it had worked – aside from the pirates watching
them warily and closing in, they hadn’t tried attacking or engaging in any hostilities.
‘I’m counting… twenty or so just from the ones around us,’ Ritsuka noted nervously. ‘And
from the footsteps I’m hearing, even more behind.’
‘I count about the same,’ Martha agreed, barely managing to keep herself from scowling at a
few wolf whistles aimed her way. ‘As far as I can tell, though, these are ordinary men. They
shouldn’t be an issue even if we held back.’
‘This is an interesting port, though,’ Mash noted, glancing at the buildings about her with
some curiosity. ‘I would like to explore a bit if there’s an opportunity.’
Ren had to hold himself back from chuckling. ‘If everything goes well, we might have the
chance,’ he reassured her, his smiling widening at the feeling of glee from the Shielder.
And now, they stood in front of a large tavern in the town square. He didn’t even need to look
behind him to know that the other crew members had gathered, ready to storm them as soon
as the order was given. Despite that, he didn’t worry – their Servants and Mash were more
than enough to handle them if things turned ugly, though he also told them they were to be
handled non-lethally if possible.
However, there was one other surprise. The green-haired man smiled at them, raising a
tankard in greeting. “Welcome to our little port,” he called over. “Sorry for the rather
crowded welcome – it’s not often we get guests here. Especially rather unusual types, such as
yourselves.”
“You seem pretty unusual yourself,” Ren easily retorted with a grin as their eyes flickered red
momentarily. The brief glance with his Third Eye was all he needed to confirm his suspicion.
“I didn’t think we’d encounter someone as tough as you so quickly.”
The man’s smile widened. “Oh, come now, you flatter me,” he dismissed, waving it off. “I'm
just a man who got a bit more lost than I expected. Just keeping an eye out for everyone
while I’m here – especially my captain.” Almost as if right on cue, the captain burst from the
tavern, immediately seizing everyone’s attention.
The captain was a tall woman, dressed in a vest and bodice that revealed a surprisingly ample
chest and a great coat slung over her shoulders. A tricorne hat perched on her head, her pink
hair burning in the light of the setting sun. A large scar stretched across the front of her face,
reaching from her forehead down to her left chin. Despite its ugliness, it somehow added to
her charm rather than subtracted, rendering her rather handsome and rugged.

She placed her hands on her hips and flashed them a broad grin. “So, I hear you’ve a
proposition for me and my crew!” she boomed out. “Let’s hear it!”
Ren smirked – then he noticed his communicator going off. There was no way to check
without giving them away, and they couldn’t risk that right now. ‘Mona?’ he mentally called
over.
‘I’ll check,’ the catlike being replied as he ducked behind their legs. ‘Just cover me, guys,’
The Phantom Thief restrained from nodding in agreement, instead meeting the captain’s
amused gaze. “Ahoy there, captain!” he called over. “Name’s Joker! I got a deal for you: We
need a good ship and crew, and we got both muscle and tonics to provide for the voyage. I
think we can work out somethin’ mutual-like!”
The captain’s grin widened. “Joker, huh?” she remarked. “You supposed to be a clown or a
card? Bah, who gives a shit. Anyway, you’re looking for me, right? I am the captain of the
Golden Hind – the ship you are looking to board – and known as El Draque. I am Francis
Drake!”
Both Ren and Ritsuka’s eyes widened in recognition of the name – just as Morgana’s
panicked thoughts connected to their minds. ‘Guys, Drake is holding the Grail!!’ he yelled.
The Phantom Thief’s eyes flicked over before turning back to the captain – the infamous
Francis Drake. Well, that changed everything. ‘Everyone, get ready,’ he warned. ‘Things are
about to get dicey.’
“Nice to meet ya, Drake,” he replied with a grin. “Glad to hear I’m dealing with such a
badass. I had a deal in mind coming here, but I’ve learned a little sumthin’ on my way and
got a new one for ya.”
“Oh?” Drake inquired with a raised eyebrow. “And what deal would that be?”
Ren smirked as he spread his hands. “Ya want spices? I got ‘em,” he proclaimed, noting with
amusement the captain’s eyes widen in both shock and greed. “Enough to make ya the richest
woman in the world ten times over. Might need a bit o’ time to get everything gathered, but
I’m a man of my word.”
The Phantom Thief’s eyes sharpened and became blood red as he activated his Third Eye.
“All I ask is for that shiny old cup ya got,” he finished.
Immediately the atmosphere changed. The captain raised an eyebrow as her hand moved
down to her waist – where her flintlock pistols were holstered. Behind her, the green-haired
man shifted slightly. Though he still seemed casual and unperturbed, it was clear he was
ready to spring at any second. Meanwhile, the muttering of the crew became louder and
angrier.
“Heh. Cocky brat, aren’t ya?” Drake commented with a dangerous grin. “But you lot seem
pretty amusing, so how about a counteroffer: You can join my crew, or you hand over

everything you got, including the clothes on your back, and we’ll let you scurry off with
maybe some bruises.”
Ren couldn’t help but let out a chuckle. “Well now, what a deal,” he remarked. “Don’t
suppose ya can sweeten the pot a bit? You’re leaving us in the lurch here – and I was dealing
with you in good faith too.”
“Aye, but you have forgotten one thing,” the captain retorted. “I don’t just want riches. I want
it all: Fortune. Fame. Adventure. Everything beyond the horizon and more! So while your
deal is tempting, it’s not enough for me.” Raising her voice, she roared, “Isn’t that right,
men?!” The crew behind them roared in raucous unison in response.
Turning back to Ren, her expression surprisingly softened into a more jovial demeanor.
“Besides, I do mean it when I said you guys seem entertaining,” she added. “Joining
alongside my crew ain’t too bad, you know? These seas are completely unknown even to the
most seasoned among us, so who knows what kind of adventures are waiting for us? And
with adventures also comes untold treasure – and you get to share alongside me and all of us.
It’s not a bad bargain, if I say so myself.”
“So, what do you say, Joker?” Drake finished. “We got a deal or not?
Ren sighed, rubbing the back of his neck. “Well, that does sound pretty fun,” he admitted.
“Sailing the high seas on an adventure, with all the treasure we can nab-“
‘NOW!’ he mentally cried as he instantly drew his Chaldean Arms and fired. A flintlock
pistol that Drake’s hand had been inching toward suddenly went flying into the air and
crashed behind her. There was a flurry of motion as the green-haired man was suddenly in
front of him, a staff in his hand, before he was intercepted by Siegfried’s blade and knocked
away with a gust of razor wind.
“You bastard!” the captain roared out with a fierce grin. Multiple portals opened around her
with a cannon poking out of each one, aiming at Ren’s wide eyed expression at the sudden
artillery. With an explosive report, they each fired large balls of heavy cast iron speeding
toward the Phantom Thief – and crashing loudly against Mash’s shield, each one ricocheting
off and smashing onto the wood below.
“Senpai!” Mash called out.
“Help incapacitate the others!” Ren commanded. “I got this!”
The Shielder hesitated for a moment, then nodded and rushed off to join the already brewing
melee between the Chaldeans and the pirates. The Phantom Thief smiled appreciatively
before focusing on Drake again. His circuits warmed up as he tore the mental mask off his
face again – but this time, he had a different purpose.
‘My wings shall rupture the chains of rebellion!’ he roared.
Circuit lines began glowing all along his body, emanating bright green in the shadows of the
evening. He had practiced with reinforcement and even tried it in spars once or twice, but this

was the first time he used it in actual combat. Already, he could feel the now-familiar
sensations of his skin hardening and his muscles strengthening. He couldn’t help but feel
slightly giddy at the opportunity to use it.
As he rushed at Drake, he fired again to knock the other flintlock pistol away. This time,
however, the captain was quicker - she swiftly sidestepped the shot while drawing her own
pistol and fired. The Phantom Thief slid down low while maintaining momentum, the lead
shot whizzing over her head as his gun transformed back into a knife. Their eyes met as Ren
quickly stood up while bringing his knife to stab her face from underneath, leaving the
captain to frantically dodge his knife swings.
Then she seized an opening: brushing aside his knife arm, she raised her gun so the barrel
was only a few inches from his face. She fired again – and Ren barely managed to dodge by
leaning backward and shifting his weight, transitioning into a spin as he brought his knife
around to cut at her torso while preparing a persona in his mindAnd this time found himself staring down the mouth of a cannon. His eyes widened in shock.
With his current inertia, he wouldn’t be able to dodge properly or in time – but he had to try.
Maintaining his spin, he lowered himself as quickly as he could. Any moment the cannon
would fire. Any moment. Any moment…
Then it fired when he was well below it and out of its range. Did Drake hesitate on firing?
No, she wasn’t the type. Did he somehow get even faster?
‘I’m reinforcing your capabilities, Master,’ Medea barked out in his mind. ‘Francis Drake is
fighting at near the level of a Servant. Do not be careless!’
‘Got it,’ Ren acknowledged. That was probably the work of the Grail, but he didn’t have time
to ponder it. It had been a while since he had fought personally like this, dancing between life
and death.
He couldn’t help but grin, easily matching Drake’s. This was beyond exhilarating. This was
why he lived!
“Arsene!”
With a great laugh, the red-garbed flaming Persona appeared and pointed at the captain.
Drake’s eyes widened before leaping aside, a split second before a fountain of darkness
erupted from underneath her. Then she felt something tugging at her boot and looked down to
see a hook and string leading away from her. Before she knew it, Ren pulled hard, yanking
her feet out from underneath her and sending her crashing to the floor.
The Phantom Thief dashed forward to capitalize on the opening, far faster than he normally
could with just regular reinforcement. Just as he got close, the captain suddenly raised her
pistol and fired at his face. Ren barely managed to raise his knife to deflect the shot, the sheer
force on his blade causing him to stumble back, then somersaulting backward to dodge
another cannon shot as Drake stood back up.

The captain’s laughter rang out over the chaos around them. “My hunches are almost never
wrong!” she cried. “I knew you lot were entertaining, but you’re all something else!” More
cannons appeared around her. “Come on, Joker! Let’s brawl and see who’ll sink into the
brine!”
“Been there, done that!” Ren called back with a grin as he switched out his mask. “Jack
Frost!”
The snowman persona popped into being with a cheerful ‘Hee ho!’ Pointing at the cannons, a
swirl of magic appeared and suddenly, the mouths of the cannons were blocked by ice. Drake
looked at them in shock, then barely realized her mistake in time to raise her gun to Ren’s
head just as he raised his own to hers.
For a moment, they both stood there, guns aimed and their eyes locked – and both with
exhilarated grins. “Not too shabby,” the captain remarked.
“Same to you,” Ren replied. “But as fun as it is, I think we should probably wrap this up.”
“Oh?” Drake inquired as she stepped forward, pressing the barrel against his forehead.
“Come on, we’ve just started. Don’t tell me you’re chickening out already.”
“Oh, not what I meant,” the Phantom Thief corrected as his smirk grew. “I mean things
should be wrapped up about now.” Raising his free hand, he snapped his fingers – and
suddenly the din and chaos of battle around them stopped.
The abruptness of it caused Drake to look around in confusion. Laying all around her were
her men, groaning in pain with a few unconscious, but they were all alive. Her Servant was
pushing back against the swordsman’s blade and it was clear that was the most he could
handle. As for the boy’s friends… there wasn’t a scratch on them.
“Oi, David!” she called out. “You couldn’t deal with this lot?!”
“Ah, I’m sorry captain,” the green-haired man – David – apologized with a sheepish smile as
he was forced to give a bit more ground to Siegfried’s strength. “It seems they’re a bit
stronger than I expected. I’m having trouble dealing with one of them, let alone all of them at
once.”
The captain looked about her, her brow furrowing, then she sighed loudly. “Alright, alright,”
she admitted, taking the gun away from Ren’s head and holding her hands up in surrender.
“Ya got me. If ya can beat me to a standstill, thrash my crew, and even make David break a
sweat, then it’s clear I got no chance against ya.”
Ren grinned in response and lowered his gun. “Good call,” he commented. “Now, the Grail?”
Drake sighed. Reaching into her cleavage, she pulled out the Grail with a glow of golden
light. She casually tossed it over to the Phantom Thief who deftly caught the artifact.
Ritsuka watched the exchange with a sigh of relief. Tapping the communicator, the image of
Roman flickered up. “Grail secured,” she reported. “Minor bit of trouble but nothing we

couldn’t handle. Beam us up-“ Her words trailed off as both the doctor and Da Vinci were
looking concernedly at a side monitor and gave a heavy sigh. “Lemme guess,” she grumbled.
“It is,” Da Vinci confirmed cheerfully. “Good work securing the Grail, but unfortunately, the
singularity readings are still stable and active. The actual Grail causing the singularity is
still out there and needs to be recovered.”
“Knew it was too easy,” she grumbled before looking back at Ren, who had been observing
the transmission. “You got all that?” she asked
Ren nodded as he turned back to Drake. Back to plan A. “So, it seems we’re still going to
need your ship and crew after all,” he stated. “I guess we’ve the same goals now: Sail the
oceans and find treasure – though we ARE looking for very specific treasure.”
Stepping forward, he offered his hand. “Whaddya say, captain?” he asked with a grin. “Do
we have a deal or not?”
The captain stared in surprise at the hand, then back up at Ren, then burst out guffawing.
“First ya ask for my ship, then ya beat up me and my crew for my treasure, and now we’re
back to where we’ve started!” she howled in hilarity. “Stopping at this port was the best
decision I made in a while!”
Drake heartily grabbed Ren’s hand. “You got yourself a deal!” she cried. “Welcome to the
crew, Joker – and the rest of you too! I’m not leaving any of you out!”
The Phantom Thief was sure he never said anything about joining her crew but nevertheless
smiled at the captain’s enthusiasm. “Happy to hear. And here, a token of good faith.”
He tossed the Grail back to the captain, who caught it with surprise. “Heh, and here I was
thinking of slugging you for shooting me earlier,” Drake chuckled. “But now we’re even.
Boys, break out the barrels! We’re drinking from dusk til dawn!” The sailors, who had been
barely conscious from the beatings they received, immediately rose as one with a loud cheer,
and rushed off to fulfill her orders.
“Rather hardy men,” Siegfried observed as his greatsword vanished.
David chuckled as his staff disappeared as well. “Sailors have to contend with the sea,” he
replied. “Especially when there’s a good drink on the line.”
“Fools as a fact tend to be hardy,” Medea grumbled, disdainfully eyeing the departing sailors
before turning away. Joan, meanwhile, bore a surprisingly somber expression as she watched
the men leave.
Ritsuka stared with a dead-eyed expression at the leaving men, looked over to Drake, then at
the Servants casually chatting amongst themselves before finally sighing.
“Is something the matter, Ritsu-senpai?” Mash worriedly.
“No, nothing’s the matter,” the redheaded girl replied. “Just… wondering when did my life
just get so weird.” The Shielder could only laugh sheepishly in response.

In a private room of the tavern, the Chaldea group convened with Drake to discuss their goals
and their plans. Despite the surprisingly thick walls, the sounds of the pirates’ revelry still
resonated and leaked through in a raucous din. The Masters, as well as Mash and Drake, sat
around the table while the Chaldean Servants stood guard. David had wandered off to get
more drinks for himself.
“So, you’re telling me,” Drake began as she picked up her tankard, the movement disturbing
the candleflame that lit the room in a dim glow. “You guys are a bunch of star charters and
are going around through time, fixing history when it goes wrong by calling up a bunch of
legends to fight alongside you.”
“Aye,” Ren confirmed.
“And you think the cause of all this bullcrap is somewhere on the seas here,” she continued,
jerking a thumb outside the window. “Which is why you need my ship and crew – so you can
search for the cause and put everything back in its proper place. That about the gist of it?”
“Y-yes, it is, captain,” Mash replied anxiously. “I understand this might be hard to
comprehend and it all sounds incredibly outlandish, but-“
“Eh, makes sense,” Drake concluded simply before downing more rum.
There was a moment of pause. “Wait, just like that?!” Morgana spluttered. “You’re not even
gonna question it?!”
The captain raised and eyebrow. “The seas, winds, landmasses, and currents don’t match
anything we got recorded,” she elaborated. “And I got David who’s easily got the strength of
at least fifty men out there. Then there’s your strange garb and gear, as well as your…
methods and devilry.” She nodded to Ren who simply shrugged in admittance. “It’s a helluva
tale, but it’s the only explanation that fits.”
“And also,” she added with an amused grin as she turned to Mash. “That girl over there
doesn’t look like she could lie her way out of a bag, let alone to someone like me. At the very
least, I know she’s telling the truth.”
Mash immediately spluttered in surprise as she brought her hands up to her mouth in
embarrassment while everyone else laughed good-naturedly. “I-I never had reason to lie,” she
immediately tried to explain. “And th-there was no reason to lie here so I just, um-“
Ritsuka immediately hugged her. “Mashumallow, you are the most adorable thing on the
planet,” she purred. “Never change.”
“S-senpai?!” the Shielder cried out in shock.
“We laid out all our cards, so you know what the stakes are,” Ren continued leaning forward
on the table. “We’ve been out there enough to tell ya this much: there’s monsters, magic,
legends all stand with you and against you in these uncharted waters where time has gone
completely topsy-turvy.”

“It does seem that way,” Drake agreed. “So why are you telling me all this? Are you trying to
scare me out of the deal?”
The Phantom Thief leaned in more, his grin flashing almost malevolently in the candlelight.
“Does it?” he asked.
The captain guffawed before slamming her fists down on the table with a maddened grin of
her own. “You’re a damn cocky brat,” she growled. “For types like you and me, all these
dangers only mean two things.”
“Adventure,” Ren answered.
“And treasure,” Drake finished before standing up. “I won’t lie, I thought things would’ve
turned out boring, but you stoked me up something fierce. This will be a grand time.”
Marching out, she kicked open the door, drawing the attention of her crew. “Boys!” she
roared. “Drink, eat, and be merry! Tomorrow, we’ll be shipping off for a grand adventure!
The seas, the ever-fickle mistress she is, calls for us! We aren’t gonna set sail before we show
her a good time, are we?!”
“NO, CAP’N!” the crew roared with one voice.
“That’s what I want to hear!” Drake cried out. She raised her tankard. “To destiny! To death!
And most importantly, to treasure in waters unknown!”
The pirates roared again, raising their own flagons to the toast and they all quaffed their rum.
Drake emptied her own flagon before slamming it down on the banister. “Now someone
bring me another goddamn drink!” she roared before stomping down the stairs.
The Chaldeans watched everything through the door. Martha could only sigh. “While I hadn’t
expected to meet someone like Francis Drake here,” she commented. “I should’ve perhaps
known they would be a rough man – or woman, rather – of the seas. It is slightly tiresome,
though.”

“Have you had a lot of dealings with such people, Martha?” Mash asked out of curiosity.
The saint smiled. “People from all walks of life seek guidance,” she replied. “It has given me
a good sense of people, I like to think. Sailors tend to be tough and coarse from a harsh life
on the seas, but that doesn’t necessarily preclude kindness or compassion – though they can
be a bit much, admittedly.”
“I will go and keep watch,” Medea abruptly announced, standing up. “And when there is an
opportunity, I shall ask Drake if I may set up a workshop on the ship, if only to set up
protections to ensure we are not harmed. By your leave, Masters.” With a stiff bow, she
turned away and vanished into motes of golden light.
“I’m guessing she’s not a huge fan of sailors,” Ritsuka commented, staring at the spot where
she vanished.

“Given her legend, that’s understandable,” Ren admitted as he stood up. “Well, we might as
well get to know the crew. Come on, let’s see if we can join them.”
The evening swiftly passed under the revelry of the pirates. They all drank and feasted,
raiding the larders of the port and drinking themselves into a stupor. Some began arm
wrestling while others set up an impromptu fighting ring. Once or twice things began
devolving into a bar brawl, though a swift shot clipping the ears of the offenders from Drake
was enough to get them to settle down. They also played dice or cards, with no small number
of pirates walking away from the tables in naked shame.
“Thanks, but I’m good,” Ren insisted, denying for perhaps the hundredth time that night any
alcohol. Ritsuka and Mash had retired for the night while Joan went with them as an escort in
case any of the sailors decided to get ideas. Morgana was prowling about the port in his cat
form. Martha had long vanished into spirit form after getting increasingly annoyed about
getting hit on, leaving Ren and Siegfried among the pirates.
“Pah! What the hell is this?!” Drake yelled in disbelief, her face utterly flushed from the nearcountless number of tankards of rum she had downed. “At your age, boys would be gulping
down alcohol like there’s no tomorrow, getting wasted, then throwing up right after! That’s
the entrance from being a boy to being a man!” The surrounding crew, almost as drunk as
their captain, roared their assent.
The Phantom Thief smirked, though a flash of irritation flickered through his mind. “A man?
A boy?” he answered. “So long as he can kick ass and win, then what does it matter?”
He glanced up at the men. “Or are you all admitting a boy could match the captain when the
‘men’ couldn’t?” he prodded.
There were several angry grumbles and snarls, causing Siegfried, who was nearby sipping at
a tankard, to look over. However, whatever might have happened was forestalled by Drake
whipping out one of her pistols and slamming the butt of it against the table, the sheer impact
causing it to rattle dangerously. “You sure know how to mouth off, kid,” the captain replied
with a fierce grin. “But that ended far too quickly. We should have another bout.”
Ren leaned back in his seat with a grin. “Always ready to take on a new challenge,” he
replied easily. “You’d have a better shot at that than getting me drunk anyway.”
Drake’s eyes narrowed. “What’s that supposed to mean?” she snapped.
The Phantom Thief’s eyes glittered with amusement. “I can’t get drunk,” he explained
simply. “Doesn’t matter how much I drank, it just doesn’t take.” It was mostly because of
Mash’s abilities filtering out poisons – which alcohol counts as – but they didn’t need to
know that part.
What he didn’t expect was a flash of amusement and challenge to light up in Drake’s drunken
gaze. “Oh? Is that so?” she murmured, a smile growing wider by the second. She whirled on
the others. “Boys! Three barrels of the finest, on the double!” she commanded. The men
roared their assent once more and marched off.

“Sharing a drink?” Ren inquired with a raised eyebrow. “Kind of ya, if a bit late.”
“Generous, maybe,” the captain agreed with an almost evil grin. “But who said you’d be
sharing?”
For once, Ren felt his confidence falter slightly at the wording and her grin. She couldn’t
surely meanA moment later, he was staring down three barrels laid out on the ground before him, filled
with liquor. The pirates were around him, cheering and heckling him, while Drake laughed in
the background. “A toast to our new deal and glory beyond!” the captain roared. “Ya better
not waste a damn drop there, Joker – that’s some good stuff there!”
Ren looked around him, then back at the barrels. Taking a breath, he rolled his neck as a
smile grew on his face. Well, he never was one to back down from a challenge. And he was
curious as to what the limits of his resistance to poison were. No better time to find out.
‘My wings shall rupture the chains of rebellion,’ he intoned as he accessed his circuits, as
well as bringing forth the persona of Setanta to his mind. The persona’s brashness would be
needed here. His arms began glowing again as he channeled magical energy to reinforce
them.
“Hey, no cheating with that devilry!” one of the men barked in outrage.
Ren smirked. “This ‘devilry’ ain’t for cheating,” he shot back. “It’s for doing this properly!”
With a single move, he swept the tap off and lifted the entire barrel in his grasp, to the shock
and surprise of all the observers.
Drake almost fell off her chain, guffawing. “Won’t lie, you don’t do things by half
measures!” she cheered. “Man after my own heart!”
“Can’t risk insulting a fine captain such as yourself!” Ren retorted with a broad grin. “To you,
Drake, and your men! Bottoms up!” Then without further ado, he lifted the entire barrel to his
lips and began chugging it down.
The taste was utterly disgusting to his tongue: Sweet and sour and incredibly bitter, mixed
with the harsh tang of alcohol that burned his throat as it flowed down. The scent of it filled
his nostrils, sharp and pungent, that almost had him coughing at the same time. Nevertheless,
he pushed on, gulping down the liquid as best he could. With how wide the barrel hole was,
some of it splashed past him and rolled past his face, yet he kept going.
Gradually, the barrel got lighter and lighter as the flow finally started slowing, necessitating
him lifting the barrel even higher. He had to brace his legs and body so the weight of it didn’t
throw off his balance and tip him over. Gulping down the liquor until there was nothing but a
trickle left, he spun the now-empty barrel in the air, caught it, then slammed it down on the
floor, allowing its hollowness to ring out loud and clear.
“One down!” he announced, to the raucous cheers of the onlookers. Breathing out, he could
feel the heat of the alcohol flow from his mouth as if he breathed flame. Looking around, he

saw Siegfried nearby watching with an amused smile. The Phantom Thief flashed a quick
grin back in response before moving to the next barrel and swiping the tap off.
As he downed the barrel, his tongue eventually became numb to the taste, though his throat
ached from the sheer effort of drinking the vast quantity of liquid. It became far less about
enjoying what he was consuming and more just simply downing it all. He had reached the
fugue state that he had developed during the Big Bang Burger challenge. At least here he
didn’t have to chew so his jaw wasn’t sore, though having to balance the weight of the barrel
so he didn’t fall over more than made up for that difficulty.
Once he set down the second barrel, he blinked. He felt… woozy. Everyone and everything
sounded a bit more distant than before. Instead of what he presumed was drunkenness, it felt
more like he had gone through a few too many nights without sleep. Was he reaching the
limits of the poison resistance? Maybe, but he wasn’t sure. And with the cheers of the pirates
ringing in his ears, there was only one way to really confirm it.
Swiping off the tap of the third and last barrel, Ren hauled it up. Hearing the liquid sloshing
within made him feel queasy. He had the sinking feeling that, poison resistance or not, he was
going to regret this in the morning. The barrel also felt heavier as well, enough that he had to
double check his arms to make sure his reinforcement wasn’t failing him. He felt the
incredible urge to put the barrel down and walk away – that would be the intelligent thing to
do.
So he lifted the barrel up once again, staggering slightly this time from his compromised
sense of balance and causing the liquor to splash on him and his clothes. Bringing the barrel
hole to his lips again, he began quaffing it down. He could hear the raucous cheers and even
some remarks of genuine concern from the pirates, but he ignored them all. He needed his
concentration.
With every gulp, his exhaustion grew heavier and heavier, yet he steeled his will and
soldiered on. He couldn’t taste the alcohol anymore and his mouth felt oddly dry despite the
amount of liquid he was consuming, yet he soldiered on. He could feel his core muscles
screaming in protest from having to keep his balance for so long and the circuits on his arms
were starting flicker and burn from being maintained, and still the Phantom Thief soldiered
on, until every last drop within the barrel had been consumed.
Finally, he slammed the third and final barrel down on the floor and let out a ragged breath.
“And that,” he panted out with a grin at a very wide-eyed Drake. “Makes three.”
The captain stared at Ren in absolute shock, then roared in laughter. “Well, you damn well
put your money where your mouth was,” she cried. “Alright, I give! Ya received your
welcoming gift and gave it as good as you got. My compliments, Joker!”
“Heh,” Ren rasped out with a weak grin. “That’s good… to…” Finally, his eyes closed and he
pitched forward – only to be caught by Siegfried before he hit the ground.
“It seems a pirate’s festivities were a bit much for my Master,” the dragonslayer noted as he
carefully slung the Master over his shoulder. He had been keeping a close eye on Ren. While

his Master hadn’t been intoxicated, it was clear that it still took a toll on his body. “Thank
you for your warm welcome. I look forward to working with you.”
Drake grinned broadly. “It ain’t niceness – your Master and the rest of you are just
entertaining as hell,” she denied. “But still, good to have ya on board. There’s a spare room
upstairs – take that one. I’ll make sure my boys stay out and keep quiet.”
Siegfried bowed his head in thanks. “That is greatly appreciated,” he replied gratefully.
“Have a good evening, captain.” With that, he departed for the indicated room as the pirates
began their revelry once more. He could only shake his head with a small smile in response.
Entering the room, the Saber’s experienced eyes did a quick scan for anything that might
harm his Master. Moonlight streamed into the darkened room, bathing it in a silvery glow.
The room had a bed, a small table that served as a bedstand, a chair, and a dresser. There was
nothing untoward about it that he could tell – no more than a regular tavern room, anyway.
Satisfied, he stepped in, closing the door behind him, and gently set Ren down on the bed to
let him sleep off the alcohol.
“That was rather reckless of him,” Martha commented, leaning against the window and
staring down disapprovingly at the Phantom Thief.
“It is a good way to ingratiate himself and the rest of us with this crew,” Siegfried justified.
“It wasn’t without intention – or risk.”
“That still doesn’t justify just drinking three barrels of liquor as if it were water in a desert”
the saint sighed, then looked up in surprise as Medea appeared. “Has there been any sign of
trouble?”
The Caster shook her head quietly. “No,” she answered. “I am here to make sure our Master
doesn’t make a greater fool of himself than he already has.” With a muttered aria, a green
magic circle appeared right below their Master. A moment later, Ren’s strained expression
relaxed before he rolled over, now sleeping peacefully.
“I believe our Master said he couldn’t get drunk,” the dragonslayer pointed out.
Medea frowned. “There are other bodily functions and concerns aside from intoxication,” she
retorted. “I am merely making sure his body doesn’t break down and humiliate himself in the
morning – or worst case, drown in his own vomit.” She turned her attention back to the spell.
“… So, you don’t have a high opinion of sailors, do you?” Martha asked quietly.
“Sailors are a fact of life in Colchis,” the witch curtly replied. “I do not begrudge them their
work, having to contend constantly with Poseidon’s whims. No, it is drunkards and idiots that
I take issue with – and drinking three barrels of liquid at once is unwise, drunkenness or no.”
The scene had been a practice in stupidity on the surface – a non-drinker consuming three
barrels of alcohol without an ounce of hesitation. At first, she was ready to mentally berate
her Master, but she could recognize he was no fool. Drinking the barrels allowed him to

ingratiate himself with the crew, earning himself and the rest of them some reprieve from
suspicion and alienation. And she didn’t doubt he knew she was in the vicinity if something
truly did go wrong.
He had her grudging respect for that cleverness, though that made her even warier of him in
turn.
Martha nodded in agreement. “Though it may not be our place to criticize our Master, I
believe he requires a stern talking to when he next wakes,” she commented. “I’ll be the one to
do so.”
“Do as you wish,” Medea replied. “For now, I’ve ensured there isn’t any threat to our
Master’s life from overindulgence. I’ll resume keeping watch. Inform me if something
happens to him.” She turned again once again, disappeared into motes of golden light.
“I can watch over him if you wish, Saber,” Martha offered. “It’ll give me a good chance to
talk to him once he awakens.”
Siegfried open his mouth to decline, but the steeliness in Martha’s eyes caused him to
hesitate. “Very well,” he finally said. “Then I shall keep watch over Morgana. Have a good
evening, Rider.”
“You as well,” the saint returned before he vanished into golden motes of light as well. She
looked outside the window, hearing the distant hollering and arguing of pirates both near and
far. The gentle snoring of the Phantom Thief filled the room. It was a peaceful evening –
probably the most peaceful they’ll have in a while. She quietly knelt underneath the window,
clasped her hands together, and prayed.
And so the first night of the new singularity came to a close.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/YQdm5Qqb9b

Chapter 118: Voyage
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

Sailing the open seas has its own thrills... and dangers.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The high-pitched call of seagulls broke the morning air as they glided through the clear
morning skies down into the port. Fluttering down, they pecked at the remains of whatever
feast the sailors had left behind the other night as well as any fish that washed up on shore.
They were a long familiar sight to anyone who lived their whole lives at ports or on ships –
both a pest and a portend of omens.
Below, the crew of the Golden Hind had been busy since the crack of dawn. With bags under
their eyes and disheveled appearances, they loaded what supplies they could to the ship’s
hold. Their tempers were short thanks to unmitigated hangovers, something even Ren or
Morgana couldn’t cure with their personas. Yelling, curses, and borderline fights were
commonplace as a result, though eventually they calmed down enough to get back to work.
Drake meanwhile had holed herself up in the captain’s cabin to chart their course.
And sitting on the deck of the Hind was Ren, his stomach feeling like someone had used it as
a flail after filling it with marbles. He had been in this state since he woke up, not helped by
Martha sitting by his side and lecturing him for his utter disregard for his own health. He
could only listen meekly while simultaneously fondly reminiscing and regretting his actions
from the night before. Drunkenness or no, drinking three barrels worth of liquid was simply
stupid.
Forgoing his ritual morning exercise and breakfast, he shambled down to the docks. Drake
and her crew took one look at Ren, laughed uproariously at his condition, and left him be.
“Three barrels of the finest rum and you get indigestion?!” the captain had yelled. “Ha! You
have less guts than I thought!” Ren couldn’t help but chuckle weakly at the wordplay.
As part of the crew, the Chaldeans had to help out with the chores around the ship. Joan and
Siegfried were sent to help haul cargo, each one easily carrying over ten times a normal
crewmate. Medea had spoken to Drake and had received permission to set up a workshop on
the Golden Hind – which included protections against inclement weather, enemies, and other
threats they might face on the seas. Her seafaring experience meant she knew exactly what
needed to be applied.

Meanwhile, Martha, Ritsuka, and Mash, meanwhile, were sent to wash the ship’s laundry –
and it soon became clear who got the better end of the deal after seeing the entire hold utterly
filled with the fermenting rags of the Hind’s crew. Morgana fainted from the sheer reek while
Ren almost threw up at the smell despite a valiant struggle, resulting in Ritsuka essentially
kicking him out so they could properly work.
Ren groggily watched the crew moving back and forth, grabbing his nearby bottle of water to
soothe his rather dry mouth. It was fascinating seeing a large crew working together. Despite
all the cursing and foul tempers from hangovers and general personalities, they all worked as
one unit to get the ship working. It reminded him of the soldiers back in the last singularity
when they put up their camps with ruthless efficiency.
“And here’s last night’s hero, now today’s infirm.”
The Phantom Thief looked up to see David looking down at him with an easy grin. “Three
barrels of rum as a normal human?” he remarked. “I wish I had been there myself to see it.”
Chuckling, Ren shook his head. “No encores, unfortunately,” he weakly replied. “Drake’s not
having you work?”
“I’m just taking a break for now,” the green-haired man answered before sitting down beside
him. “My real job starts once we set sail anyway.”
“Real job?” Ren echoed in curiosity.
David nodded, pointing up to the crow’s nest above. “I’m the lookout,” he explained. “I keep
an eye out for ships, monsters, landmasses, and the weather. A simple enough job, but it’s
still key. Plus, it’s the perfect place for a Servant like me.”
“And why’s that?” the Phantom Thief asked. “You’re an Archer, I’m guessing?”
The green-haired man smiled ruefully. “I guess I kind of gave myself away with that, huh?”
he replied. “Yep, I’m an Archer class Servant. The name’s David, by the way. Pleasure to
meet you, Joker.” He held out a hand for him to shake.
“Same,” Ren responded in kind, shaking his hand. “And it’s Ren. Ren Amamiya.”
“Ren, huh?” David mused with a slow nod. “Did you tell the captain that?”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “I did,” he confirmed. “But she prefers Joker more. Says it’s a
more fitting name for me after what I pulled off.”
“Yeah, sounds about right for her,” the Archer Servant mused. “She marches to the beat of
her drum – or rather, sails to her own winds and currents. Hope you’re not the kind of person
to take that kind of treatment personally.”
“Hardly,” Ren easily brushed off. “If I didn’t like the name ‘Joker’, I wouldn’t be using it.”
David chuckled. “True, true,” he agreed with good humor. “It is a good name.”

The Phantom Thief nodded before glancing over to the green-haired man. “How did you get
wrapped up with the captain, anyway?” he asked.
“Not much more different than how you did, actually,” he replied. “I was summoned on a
deserted island, wandered for a bit, then came across Drake and her ship. I needed a boat and
she needed either entertainment or more help since there wasn’t any treasure. I served as
both. Considering my skill and aptitude, she often boasts I’m the treasure she looked for on
that island after all!”
Both men laughed in response to the joke. “You were a great find for her, that’s for sure,” he
agreed, grinning. “Though out of curiosity, have you found out anything about this
singularity, like who or what could be causing it?”
The Archer shook his head. “Not that I’ve seen or heard,” he replied. “Even with Drake’s
luck and penchant for sniffing out adventure and treasure, I’m no closer to finding the actual
cause of the singularity. Though…”
Ren tilted his head slightly to the side as David fell silent. “Though…?” he echoed.
The green-haired man smiled again and shook his head. “It’s just a guess,” he replied. “It
shouldn’t be the case.”
“Even a guess is better than nothing,” he pointed out.
David chuckled. “A fair point,” he acceded. “But knowing Drake’s penchant for sniffing out
treasure and adventure, we’re likely to come across it sooner or later. And besides-“ He
turned to the Phantom Thief with a glint in his eyes. “As a kindred soul to the captain, what
fun would it be if I ruined it ahead of time?”
“That’s a fair point,” Ren admitted. However, his gaze didn’t turn from David as the latter
looked away and stretched out from where he sat. It didn’t take a genius to know that the
Archer was hiding something from him, and he had a feeling that even Drake didn’t know
what it was.
He decided to try prodding a bit more. “Though who knows, maybe we’ll also end up coming
across a Demon God Pillar,” he groused, gently knocking his head against the wood behind
him. “It’d be just our luck.”
“A Demon God Pillar?” David echoed, looking toward the Phantom Thief again.
Ren nodded. “Yeah – ugly towers completely lined with red eyes,” he described. “So far
we’ve encountered two of them: Orobas and Flauros.” He noticed a near-imperceptible
flicker through David’s eyes. “Don’t suppose you’ve seen or heard anything of the sort?”
The green-haired man fixed him an inscrutable stare, then let out a small laugh. “Sounds a bit
familiar,” he admitted. “But I haven’t seen anything like those, no. And if we did, the crew
here would still be talking about it for months after.” He nodded to them for emphasis.
“Personally, I think they’d prefer to see some sirens or mermaids, even if they’re not much
safer,” David added with a chortle.

The Phantom Thief nodded quietly. “Good point,” he murmured. At this point he had a whole
slew of new questions he wanted to ask, and more information he wanted to try and wheedle
out of the Archer. However, despite the relaxed expression of the Servant, he seemed ever so
slightly tenser and more guarded than before. Ren could tell – he had pushed it as far as he
can go. He could only hope and trust David had the best intentions in mind.
“So out of curiosity,” he began asking again, noticing David became slightly warier. “What
does a lookout do anyway? It can’t be as simple as just looking around, can it?”
The Archer glanced at Ren in surprise, then smiled. “Well, it both is and isn’t,” he explained.
“It does take a good modicum of awareness on top of excellent eyesight, after all. So for
instance, if you see mist in the distance…”
Ren listened attentively as David launched into a detailed explanation of his duties and his
observations. Even if he couldn’t get anything specific out of the Archer, there would be
time. They still had an adventure waiting for them, after all. And if they managed to find out
what David was hiding in the process, that would be a bonus on top of that.
And besides, learning about being a lookout was more informative than he expected.
The activity in the cafeteria often went in spurts. During mealtimes, it became crowded and
noisy, with an influx of Chaldean staff and Servants alike. In between, it was quiet and
serene, the only sound being the hum of the appliances in the kitchen and the occasional
mechanical whirr and voice of Jeeves, the designated robot of Chaldea’s kitchen. It was a
good atmosphere for anyone who wished for some peace and quiet, whether it was for snacks
or other services.
“ Would you like more tea, Ms. Jeanne?” Jeeves asked, holding up a teapot.
Jeanne looked up from her workbook and smiled gratefully. “That would be delightful, thank
you,” she replied. Ever since Marie showed her different types of teas, she had found herself
particularly attached to them, even more than Ren’s coffees. It helped that they didn’t have
that bitterness that she still found herself unable to handle well.
With that, she stared back down at her workbook of arithmetic problems. She never learned
how to properly do math, and the Throne apparently didn’t feel that needed correction, even
after summoning. Just looking at the dazzling array of numbers over at the work consoles in
the control room was enough to have her head spinning. While she was hardly ignorant of the
costs of battle and war, she couldn’t precisely quantify it, not with her limited knowledge.
Thus, she worked to rectify it.
“Let me see, three times four is…” she muttered to herself before holding up her fingers and
silently counting, glancing at the directions for multiplication in her book every once in a
while. She had been to teach herself and see at least how far she could get before asking
someone to teach her, but progress had been rather slow.
“Umu? Jeanne? It’s not often I see you here.”

The saint whirled around to see Nero quizzically looking at her. “Oh, um, Nero!” she greeted
in surprise and slightly nervously. “I didn’t think you usually showed up before mealtimes! I
thought you’d be busy.”
“Indeed,” the emperor agreed. “Construction of my baths is proceeding. All I need now is the
finishing touches and perhaps another opinion or two! But for now, I believe a break is in
order!”
“I-I see,” Jeanne replied weakly as Nero strode past her into the kitchen to fill herself a glass
of water. Letting out a breath she didn’t realize she had been holding, she went back to her
workbook. “three times four is… three fours,” she muttered to herself, adding it up on her
fingers. “So it would be… three, four, five…”
“Twelve.”
The Ruler looked up in surprise at Nero, who was holding a glass of water, curiously looking
over at what she was doing. “Three times four is twelve,” she repeated as she walked over,
gazing curiously at the notebook. “I did not realize you were learning basic arithmetic.”
Jeanne opened her mouth slightly, then sighed in resignation. “I admittedly didn’t have much
of an education in life,” she explained in embarrassment. “My men – Gilles in particular –
tried to educate me as much as possible, especially for whatever is relevant for a wartime
situation, but lessons were sparse, with our various duties and engagements.” While she had
no regrets, she couldn’t help but ponder if she had a better education, she would have noticed
more clearly the jaws of national politics closing around her.
The emperor nodded in understanding. “War rarely leaves time for anything conventional,
from pleasures to studies,” she noted as she glanced at the problems. “My position
necessitated me to have the finest education that could be provided: from philosophy to the
arts, from the sciences to mathematics. All of it in preparation for when I would take the
laurel.”
“That’s certainly impressive,” Jeanne replied with a smile. It had been a story she had heard
many times from nobles and kings whenever she spoke with them. “My education before
everything had happened didn’t extend much beyond the Bible or my village, I’m afraid. The
Throne had given me the ability to read, at least, though it seems it didn’t deem mathematics
important.”
Nero scoffed in disdain. “Preposterous,” she spat. “How can mathematics be unimportant?
Whether it is counting the number of enemies one must contend against or recording the
number of supplies necessary to throw a production, it is a vital skill to have! It is beyond
commendable you are seeking to rectify such a critical flaw that the Throne is too foolish to
correct!”
“Um… thank you?” the Ruler could only reply, unsure how to properly respond. “I’ll admit,
however, I’ve been a bit slow learning lately. I should probably find a teacher at this point,
though I’m loathe to interrupt people when they all have their own duties to attend to…”

“Have you forgotten who you are speaking to?” Nero boomed out, causing Jeanne to jump
slightly in surprise. “I am the Emperor of Roses, the Flower of Olympia! There is nothing
beyond my domain and auspices, and teaching is no exception! Come, show me what you are
working on, and we shall trek the journey of arithmetic together!”
The saint could only blink multiple times in sheer surprise, then let out a giggle. Bombastic
as she was, her being so readily willing to offer help was rather reassuring. She turned the
workbook towards the Saber, who looked over the problems. “Hm, I see, I see,” she mused.
“Perhaps it is better to think of it this way: If you have three units of soldiers, with four men
each, how many soldiers will you have?”
Jeanne’s eyes widened as the image quickly formed in her head, allowing her to easily count
the result. “Twelve soldiers!” she easily replied.
Nero nodded, beaming. “Excellent!” she cried as Jeanne wrote down the answer.
“Visualization is a key part of mathematics – it renders it less esoteric and more
comprehensible and practical! Now, what is this next problem you’re working on?”
Jeanne checked. “Um… Twenty divided by five?” she replied, scratching her head with a
pencil. “Division problems are always tricky, no matter how I do them.”
The emperor leaned forward with a frown, then nodded confidently. “Much the same as
before,” she stated. “You have twenty soldiers, and you must relegate them into five different
units. How many soldiers will each unit have?”
“They’ll each have…” The Ruler paused, trying to visualize the image in her mind. This was
trickier than she expected. “They’ll each have… um… five…?”
“Close, but not quite,” Nero corrected. “Come now, try once more. Twenty men, five units.
How many men will each unit have?”
Jeanne gulped at the expectant emperor’s face and stared down at the problem, trying to
visualize the problem like the emperor just explained. Divisions of soldiers like this, she
usually left to her officers as they had a better idea of who would be fitting to distribute and
to where. As such, it was far more difficult for her to figure out. “Each unit will have...” she
murmured, her brow furrowing in concentration. Yet no matter how she visualized it, it kept
slipping away.
The sudden opening of the storeroom doors drew both Servants’ attention as Artoria stepped
out, munching on dark paper-like rectangles. “I could not help but overhear,” she remarked
before popping another rectangle. “But are you working on arithmetic, perchance?”
Jeanne’s eyes widened. Before she could answer, Nero nodded. “Indeed,” she confirmed.
“We are working on division at the moment, though Jeanne has a slightly harder time
grasping the concept. I’m having her try to visualize the problems in a context she would be
familiar with, but it seems it is not enough.”
“Visualization, is it…?” the king mused, popping another rectangle into her mouth. “It would
be better if you have a diagram and use those to assist with visualization until you can

understand the concept enough to work it through from there.”
“What are you eating, Artoria?” the saint asked in curiosity.
“Dried seaweed snacks,” she answered, holding up small, rectangular packets. “I had been
looking for something to tide me over before dinner came around.” Setting her prize aside,
she walked over and looked at the workbook. “Now, as I was saying, using a diagram is
better for this. May I?”
She reached out for Jeanne’s pencil and took it when the saint offered it to her. She drew a
square of small circles, twenty in total. “Here, you have twenty dots. Separate them out into
groups of four.” With quick circles, she began highlighting each one out. “And in the end,
you’ll have five groups,” she concluded, stepping away so they could see.
Both Nero and Jeanne looked. “Ah, I cannot believe I had forgotten such a fundamental
method!” the emperor lamented. “You are correct, this is a better teaching method.”
“It’s a method,” Artoria replied as Jeanne wrote down the answer while staring hard at the
example. “Though it’s ultimately rather inefficient. You eventually learn to simply memorize
the answers, especially when the problems are repeated enough times, and extrapolate from
there.”
“Much like martial training, then,” Jeanne quietly mused. “Where the maneuvers are drilled
rigorously and continuously until it becomes second nature.”
“It is much the same concept, yes,” the king agreed.
Nero stared at the math problems Jeanne had been working on. “… tell me, Artoria,” she
murmured. “How did you learn mathematics in your time?”
Artoria’s eyes widened at the question, then turned back to the workbook laying in front of
the saint. Her eyebrows furrowed as she read the problems before glancing at the
explanations and examples given. “… Hm. I see what you mean,” she mused.
Jeanne looked between the two women. “What, is there something wrong with the method
I’m learning?” she asked worriedly.
The emperor shook her head. “Not in the slightest,” she quickly replied. “I am merely…
reminded of how far humanity has come since my time.”
“We are agreed there,” the king replied somberly. “While I can read these problems and solve
them, the methods utilized are far different than anything I have learned. Though Merlin and
my tutors have taught me much, this is… hm.”
“Are your methods better, Artoria? Nero?” Jeanne asked out of curiosity. “Or should I
continue learning from the book?”
Both Nero and Artoria simultaneously shook their heads. “The methods here are a
consolidation of knowledge from the past and the present, while being a foundation for the
future,” Nero easily replied. “Whatever is presented there is most likely far more refined than

even what the greatest scholars and mathematicians of my empire could formulate – and most
likely more accurate too. No, it is better to learn modern techniques rather than ours, no
matter how glorious they may be.”
The king nodded in agreement, then leaned against the counter. “I had not stopped recently to
think about it,” she murmured, looking around the kitchen. “But when you compare the
world as it is now to our own time, it is clear that humanity has come far.”
Jeanne and Nero looked up in surprise, then glanced around them. “Umu, you speak true,”
the emperor agreed. “As glorious and decadent as my life had been, their development has
placed many such luxuries well within the common man’s reach. It is fascinating to witness.”
“I still remember hauling logs to heat up stoves and baths,” the saint recalled, smiling fondly
in reminiscence. “As well as fireplaces and pits. Now, I merely touch a button to increase the
temperature of the room or have hot water – plentiful enough to either drink or wash with.”
She looked over at her cup of warm tea sitting nearby. “It’s fascinating and awe-inspiring,”
she finished.
“All the collective progress of humanity’s successes, mistakes, and growth,” Artoria
concluded with a gentle smile. “It is a rather touching indicator that for everything we’ve
done, none of it has been in vain.”
“Well said,” Jeanne agreed.
“Hear, hear,” Nero replied.
Then suddenly, the emperor clapped a fist to her hand. “Ah, I just realized!” she gasped, to
the others’ surprise. “I need people to test out my baths and see how they are! Artoria,
Jeanne, please join me! Hearing opinions of others no less than myself would be a great
boon!”
The saint blinked several times. “I would, but I really should finish these assignments,” she
murmured, glancing back down at her workbook. She still had quite a few problems to solve
and leaving them only partially completed didn’t sit right with her.
“But of course,” Nero agreed easily. “However, work and study must be properly balanced
with rest else your mind won’t properly commit what you’ve learned to memory. I do not ask
merely for my own sake but for yours as well, Jeanne. You have undoubtedly been working
hard for a great deal of time – I believe a break is in order here to digest what you have
studied.”
The Ruler stared skeptically up at the emperor. Nero was beaming in comparison, both in
happiness and expectation, as though it was inevitable she would join in the bath. Finally, the
saint shook her head. “I thank you for the generous offer, but I’m quite alright,” she replied.
“Now that I have some modicum of understanding, I believe it would be better to push
onward and finish the rest of these problems. Perhaps another time though – I hear Roman
baths were quite excellent.”

“They are quite decadent,” Artoria agreed with a small sigh, to both of their surprise. “I never
had something like them back in Camelot – all available resources were funneled elsewhere.
There was little time or reason for such luxuries and frivolities.”
“You visited the Roman Empire, Artoria?” Jeanne breathed.
“… I will not say I have visited the empire, per se,” the king calmly replied. “Rather, they
had taken to visiting me. It may have been their twilight, but they were nevertheless
persistent. I had taken it upon myself to see their hospitality repaid in full.” Her eyes gleamed
sharply as they met the emperor’s gaze.
Nero’s eyes grew wide as saucers as she immediately understood. “Ah, you have my deepest
apologies then, Artoria,” she apologized sincerely. “I did not mean to offend you, nor do I
mean to pressure you. You have a right to bear a grudge against my empire for the wrongs
they have committed. The offer, however, is sincerely meant – not as an emperor, but simply
as one peer to another.”
Artoria fixed her a cool stare, then finally shook her head. “Perhaps another time, Nero,” she
declined. “I am not in the mood at the moment – for a bath nor for your leering.”
The Emperor of Roses looked between the King of Knights and the Maiden of Orleans, and
knew that there was no victory to be had here. “Very well,” she accepted gracefully. “Then
that simply means when it comes time for the bath, it shall be all the more splendid for it. In
that case it is best I get back to my own work.” Taking her glass, she drained it off in several
deep gulps, then placed it in the kitchen sink before strutting off, in seemingly as high spirits
as ever.
“She’s rather undauntable, isn’t she?” Jeanne noted with an amused smile.
“That can be both a good and bad thing,” Artoria mused in annoyance before opening a new
pack of dried seaweed. “Do you require any more help, Jeanne?”
Jeanne paused for a moment, then shook her head. “I think I shall be fine for now,” she
declined with a warm smile. “Your example helped me greatly. I should be able to finish the
rest now.”
The king nodded in acknowledgement. “I’m glad to hear it,” she replied with a small smile of
her own. “Best of your luck with your studies and if you require more help, do let me know –
I shall be glad to assist.” With that, she collected the rest of her snacks and walked out of the
cafeteria. Soon, it was quiet again.
Jeanne smiled again, then took another sip of her tea. Chaldea was certainly an odd place,
where kings, emperors, and warriors alike congregated, fought, and even learned beyond
what they knew in life. It was an interesting place, one she was proud to be a part of. She had
no doubt turbulent times were ahead, but she had already pledged her banner and sword to
their cause. It was indeed an honor fighting alongside so many heroes. As she was
encouraged by the thought, she turned the page of her workbook – and her smile vanished
instantly.

“Wh… What do you mean ‘remainders’?”
“I’m never complaining about doing my own laundry ever again,” Ritsuka lamented as she
held out yet another atrocious piece of clothing away from her in disgust.
“Was your own laundry better than this, senpai?” Mash asked as she scraped the clothes
against the washboard.
“It would be rather impressive if your own laundry was worse than those of sailors’,” Martha
pointed out in an amused tone as she hung up a washed shirt on a clothesline nearby.
The three had spent the entire morning working on the laundry. What had been a mountain of
moldering, ripening clothes had shrunk down into a small pile. The Master took a moment to
rub her sore elbows, stretching and flexing them to alleviate them. “No, they weren’t
anywhere near as bad,” she admitted. “But I had taken laundry machines for granted. Never
again.”
“True, those machines would make quick work of these clothes,” the Rider admitted as she
hung up another piece of washed-up laundry. “… Probably.”
Ritsuka sighed. “I don’t suppose there’s any Servant ability that helps make this go any
faster?” she asked with a slight tone of pleading.
Mash shook her head. “I’m sorry, senpai,” the Shielder apologized. “But it seems aside from
far better stamina and endurance, I don’t have anything I can help any better than a normal
person can.”
“And I can only purify these clothes spiritually, not physically,” Martha replied ruefully. “But
we made a good amount of progress – we should be done within half an hour!”
“Ugh, easy for you to say,” the redhead grumbled, nevertheless pushing the clothes harder
against the jagged washboard. “Sorry if your first voyage isn’t exactly off to the best start,
Mash.”
The Shielder quickly shook her head again. “Oh, on the contrary, senpai!” she replied.
“Although we’ve only done laundry, it’s still fascinating to explore what sailing must’ve been
like. Even through these clothes I could glean a few details of their lives.”
Martha and Ritsuka looked over in curiosity and surprise. “Oh yeah?” the latter inquired,
genuinely curious. “What’d you learn?”
“Well, much of the garb here is rather mismatched, first off,” the Shielder pointed out. “There
are several articles here that seem like they are designated to wear with some kind of suit or
uniform, but barely anything matches. I’m presuming they simply grab whatever clothes they
can, whether from towns or perhaps even from each other. They also prefer more durable
materials, such as linen or leather, since a seaborne voyage can be rather challenging, as
evidenced by how worn out all these clothes are.”

The Master checked the clothes and quickly noticed the same things Mash did once she was
told. “Huh,” she murmured in realization. “I see it now. Anything else?”
Mash pondered for a moment, then nodded at the pile. “Judging by the amount of laundry
that had piled up as well,” she continued. “This is either a low priority chore for them, the
crew simply doesn’t have enough manpower dedicated to handle it, or perhaps both. I’m
presuming that they are simply too busy or crammed to really worry too much about personal
hygiene, especially when they don’t have facilities to groom themselves properly.”
“And yet here you are with time to talk and figure out how my crew works,” Drake boomed
out in amusement as she stepped in, causing all three of them to jump slightly in surprise.
“Nicely done, all of you. I won’t lie, I thought you’d all take longer with that massive pile
here, but you lot work fast. We’re just about ready to sail – and I hear that for you two-“ She
pointed specifically to Mash and Ritsuka. “This’ll be your first voyage?”
“Oh, yes, it is!” the Shielder replied in surprise. Ren must have told the captain about their
inexperience.
“Never really had a chance to go out on a boat,” Ritsuka admitted.
The captain nodded with a grin. “In that case, head deckside,” she commanded with a jerk of
her thumb over her shoulder. “Your first time leaving port and hitting the seas is something
magical and like hell I’m letting you miss out on that. After that though, you lot better find
something to do or you’re swabbing the decks – as you surmised, there’s always work to be
done around here.” Both Mash and Ritsuka nodded and returned to finish their work.
Then as Drake turned away, an idea struck the Master like a thunderbolt. “Captain?” she
called out, getting her attention. “When we’re done here, do you mind if I shadow you and
see what you do as captain?”
Mash and Martha’s eyes widened in surprise as Drake raised an eyebrow. “Oh? That’s a
rather bold question you’re asking, girl,” she remarked.
She stepped forward, and though she was only a few inches taller than Ritsuka was, the latter
couldn’t help but tremble slightly under the captain’s austere, commanding gaze. “And why
the hell would I let you, a landlubber who’s never even set sail before, follow me around like
some starved hound?” she demanded.
Ritsuka gulped slightly from nervousness but nevertheless met the captain’s gaze with an
unwavering one of her own. “Because as a Master, I have a duty and dedication to making
sure I can make use of my own people as well as I can,” she stated, motioning over to the two
girls. “All so we can win and reap the rewards afterward, whether it’s treasure, adventure, or
just life. And I think you can teach me a lot.”
Drake’s eyes narrowed as she leaned close. “So you’re planning on leeching off what I know
and do just for you and your own crew, is that what I’m hearing?” she hissed. If she noticed
both Martha and Mash tensing their bodies, she didn’t show it. “And why the hell should I?”

The redhead glared defiantly at the captain. “Well, someone has to know how to direct this
ship when you’re completely plastered out of your mind,” she stated. The statement was
technically true, their work even just to get on the seas today was delayed by Drake simply
refusing to wake from her drinking coma. She could only hope the captain was practical
enough to see the offer over the insult.
The captain scowled. “You got a lotta nerve sayin’ that to my face on my ship, I oughta have
you tied to the mast and use you as target practice for your cheek. Been meanin’ to practice.”
“You won’t,” Ritsuka icily replied. “Not unless you wanna regret it.”
The two stared each other down, with only the sounds of the crew and the creaking of wood
echoing filling the silence. Finally, the captain barked out a loud laugh.
“You’re lucky the lot of you are entertaining as hell!” she cried as she clapped Ritsuka on the
back, almost sending her sprawling. “But there’s no denying that you got guts! And that my
crew might just appreciate someone who knows what they’re doing while I’m out. Spirit and
sense for openings, the first and foremost things you need as a captain! No one’s gonna
follow an idiot who’s quaking in her boots!”
Ritsuka grinned back, doing her best to shove aside the pain. “Been learning that the hard
way,” she replied. “Got a long way to go though. So, I’ll take that as a yes then?”
Drake’s eyes flashed dangerously as her grin widened. “Aye, ya pass,” she confirmed. “But if
I tell ya to drop whatever it is you’re up to and do it, then ya better hop to it double time. Got
it?”
“So long as it doesn’t jeopardize my own, sure,” the redhead accepted.
The captain nodded happily. “Good answer!” she replied. “Now get to it! We got a lot to do
and never enough time to do it!” With a small flourish of her coat, she marched out the door,
her sound of her boots eventually fading down the ship’s holdAnd Ritsuka collapsed backwards on her rear. “S-senpai!” Mash cried out in concern as she
ran over. “Are you alright?”
“J-just a bit shaky is all,” Ritsuka replied with a nervous laugh. “I thought I was gonna get us
all th-throw in the brig – or j-just tossed overboard. That’d p-put a wrench in our plans,
wouldn’t it?”
“We wouldn’t have allowed that to happen, Master,” Martha reminded her as she knelt at
Ritsuka’s other side. “And I still have Tarrasque, remember? We would have been fine.”
The redhead blinked, then chuckled again. “Oh yeah, that’s true,” she replied. She took
several breaths to calm herself. “S-sorry for putting everything in jeopardy like that. That, uh,
wasn’t my finest moment.”
“It’s okay, senpai,” Mash reassured her with a quick shake of her head. “But if I might ask why did you provoke the captain like that? It was rather unlike you. Was it because of the

laundry?”
Ritsuka couldn’t help but laugh at the reasoning, her frayed nerves easing up. “I was rather
irritated about that, yeah,” she admitted. “But it was more because I wanted to learn more.
She has experience in leading her crew around unknown waters. How she acts, what orders
she gives, how she holds herself when in different situations – just things that I think will let
me be a better Master overall.”
The saint nodded in understanding. “Brave, if a bit rash,” she commented with a smile. “But
it’s commendable you went that far to try and improve yourself, even drawing from a source
that most would be rather skeptical about. I’m glad to realize you don’t rest on your status.”
“If I didn’t put in the legwork necessary, I’d be a pretty crappy Master now, wouldn’t I?” she
pointed out with a small laugh. Holding tight onto Mash’s arm, she picked herself back up.
“Now then, we got an invitation from Drake and I got lessons to learn, so let’s finish up, shall
we?”
The other two nodded. They resumed washing the remainder of the clothes, with Ritsuka
joining them after she settled her nerves a bit more. Once the last few pieces were done and
hung up, they went up to the deck and found a number of their compatriots leaning over the
railing. Ren glanced over and grinned. “The captain invited you too?” he asked.
Mash nodded. “She did,” she confirmed. “Setting off for the first time is something she didn’t
wish to deprive us of, so we finished up as fast as we could.” Then she noticed a few people
were missing. “Where are Morgana and Medea?” she inquired.
“Medea has told us she has already experienced this and therefore preferred to focus on her
preparations,” Siegfried supplied. “Morgana followed after her after stating a similar
experience back in the Roman singularity.”
“Huh…” Ritsuka mused, then blinked in realization. “Don’t you guys have experience setting
off too?”
“In a whaling boat,” Ren corrected with a smirk. “In the evening from a ruined village. Not
quite the same as setting off on a famed galleon from a port during the morning, don’t you
think?”
The redhead mused as she looked around the grand ship. “Well, that’s a fair point,” she
acceded. “What about you, Joan? You excited?”
The Lancer scowled as she leaned against the rail further. “The captain insisted so I might as
well see,” she grumbled. “I can’t see how things can be that different.”
“Wha- you mean setting off on something as awesome as this doesn’t set your heart racing?!”
Ritsuka gasped, spreading her arms to encompass the galleon. “It’s not every day you get to
sail on such an awesome ship! Come on, you could at least enjoy it a little! At the very least,
it’s gotta be much nicer than a whaling boat!” A few eavesdropping sailors chuckled at her
enthusiasm, causing her to flush from embarrassment.

Joan scoffed. “Big boat, small boat, the hell’s the difference,” she growled. Nevertheless, she
turned to watch outward, her finger tapping impatiently in expectance. Ren smiled and shook
his head in amusement while Ritsuka chuckled in response. Meanwhile, Martha and Siegfried
merely smiled as Mash noticed the walkway being hauled up.
“Gentlemen!” Drake boomed out. “Today’s a new day! The wind is at our backs and the sea
is as smooth as a baby’s bottom! We’re not gonna let this stroke of luck like this slip past, are
we?!”
“NO, CAP’N!” the crew yelled in unison.
“That’s what I like to hear!” the captain cried with a broad grin. “Weigh anchor and hoist the
sails! Our fortune awaits us!”
The men all roared in unison again and quickly got to work. The sails fluttered as they fell
and caught the breeze while the ship underneath shifted, the timbers groaning slightly as it
began moving ponderously. Ritsuka and Mash watched in fascination as the docks
underneath slowly started sliding away while a bell indicating the ship’s departure rang out.
“Wh-whoa,” the former murmured in awe. “It’s one thing to know that this thing sails, but…
it’s another thing to be on it entirely.”
Mash nodded. “Indeed, senpai,” she agreed. “ The Golden Hind is indeed a marvel of nautical
engineering for its time, being able to sail the Atlantic and its rather hostile climate.”
Joan meanwhile watched as the port slid past her view, followed by the coast. The scent of
the sea became even stronger as they reached open waters, the land and port slowly fading
into the distance. The ever-present calls of seagulls became fainter and fainter as the
ponderous vessel sailed forward, cutting through the waves with both grace and power. She
was faintly aware of the pirates behind her calling out orders and information, the splashing
of the sea underneath, and the warm breeze fluttering past her.
‘ Guess the same thing can be different sometimes,’ she thought to herself.
“Gets your heart racing, don’t it?” Drake remarked with a grin as she sauntered down the
stairs to join them, watching as the port and land vanished. “Leaving behind land to confront
the unknown seas. Ya think after all this time, ya get used it. But even now, there’s something
almost magical about it for me.”
“I’m guessing you’ve done this a lot,” Ren noted.
The captain laughed heartily. “Almost as many drinks I downed in the last year!” she
answered cheerfully. The Phantom Thief chuckled at the joke as she turned around to face the
oncoming open waters, her eyes glimmering with excitement. “Now back to work, the lot of
ya!” she roared. “Or I’ll find something for ya to do! Ritsuka, get your ass over here! The rest
of ya, hop to it!”
Joan blinked as she looked over at Ritsuka in surprise. “The hell?” she asked in question as
the Master ran past her.

Ritsuka grinned in response. “Shadowing a pirate captain,” she chirped. “Catch you guys in a
bit!”
Ren shook his head in amusement. Leave it to Ritsuka to never stay still. He couldn’t wait to
see what she learned and how she would use it all. In the meantime, he turned to the others.
“I’m joining David in the crow’s nest,” he announced. “Give a holler if you guys need
anything.” Raising his arm, he fired his grappling hook to the nest above and gave one last
smirk and wave before flying into the air.
“Good luck, senpai!” Mash called after him before looking around. “I believe I read that
rigging is important for a ship. I’m going to see if I can assist with that and see what I can
learn.” With a bow, she began walking toward the sailors in charge of the rigging. Joan,
meanwhile, stalked off without bothering to announce her intentions, though both Siegfried
and Martha noticed her staring at a few boards that were in poor condition.
“It’s always a treat watching people grow,” Martha mused with a smile. “I’ll see if I can make
life on the ship a bit more palatable. What about you, Siegfried?”
The dragonslayer mused, then looked at the staircase that led down towards the ship’s hold.
“If there is nothing else that needs doing, then I’ll see if I can keep track of the ship’s
armaments,” he answered. “We would be remiss if that goes awry.”
The saint raised an eyebrow. “Would they even allow you to get close to something that
dangerous?” she questioned.
Siegfried smiled. “Perhaps, but it still bears checking at least,” he agreed. “Shall we head to
work?”
“Lets,” Martha replied. “Best of luck, Siegfried.” Turning, she walked towards the ship’s
mess while Siegfried began heading towards the hold where the ship’s supplies were
contained.
They had a busy day ahead of them.
Down in the depths of the Golden Hind, Medea was busy. She had negotiated and worked
with Drake for her own room to create a workshop, demonstrating her prowess with her
magecraft, or ‘devilry’, as the sailors called it. It had been a tedious process, though one she
wasn’t unfamiliar with, but in the end, she got what she wanted. She simply had to fulfill the
terms of her agreement with the captain: Protection for the ship and under supernatural
threats – something she had planned to do in the first place anyway.
Medea frowned as she sketched out a sigil on a piece of parchment, wadded it up in her hand,
and with a whispered aria, it transformed into a dove that fluttered off through the wall and
vanished. This hadn’t been her first time on a ship, and few things have changed since:
Sailors were often superstitious, always praying to the whims of the seas, the weather and
whatever spirits, gods, or beings might ever listen.

Not that she could blame them. In her time, the seas and weather were the domains of
Poseidon and Zeus respectively - and she knew all too well how fickle they could be.
With a practiced hand, she sketched another sigil. Protections for a ship wasn’t something she
could forget even if she wanted to. It brought back many unwanted memories, though it was
hardly relevant right now. It had been a long time since. This was simply another task to
support her Masters. No more, no less. And speaking of her Masters…
“Is there something you require of me?” she asked calmly, barely even turning to address
Morgana, who was watching curiously as to what she was doing.
“Just wondering what you were up to,” Morgana replied with a small shrug. “I don’t think
I’ve ever seen you at work before, so I was curious.”
Medea finally turned with a raised eyebrow. “Was my performance during the hunt lacking in
some manner?” she inquired.
Morgana blinked, then rapidly shook his head. “Er, no, not what I meant,” he hastily
amended. “Just… your magic is awesome and all, but I wanted to see what kind of work you
do in your own domain. After all, if there’s one thing I learned, it’s that for every ridiculously
cool thing we see, there’s ten times the amount of preparation behind the scenes. It’s the same
with our heists too.”
The Caster stared at Morgana in surprise. While her magecraft often garnered due praise, it
was rare for someone to be intrigued about the process and work behind it – at least, without
any ulterior motives to plumb her secrets. Yet with the catlike being, she could sense none of
that. Only genuine curiosity as to how she conducted her work and what preparations she
made. It was… a rather refreshing change of pace.
She turned back to her work, continuing to draw more glyphs and modifying them as
necessary. “I’m not sure if you have been informed, Master,” she murmured. “But magi keep
their workshops under myriad forms of protections for a reason, mainly so their secrets and
research do not leak and dilute the effects of their mysteries. I am no exception. You have
been permitted here because I sensed your presence and intent and have allowed you to enter,
and it is merely a temporary residence anyway.”
Morgana smirked. “Yeah, had a feeling you knew I was coming,” he agreed. “I was trying to
not be very subtle about it, after all – didn’t want you to feel like I was sneaking it or doing
something I wasn’t supposed to.”
Despite herself, a small frown creased her lips. “I see,” she commented. Her Master
seemingly knew her well enough to avoid triggering any obvious traps. Morgana was very
childlike both in curiosity and personality, but he shared at least a shred of the selfsame
cunning Ren Amamiya held. To underestimate him and his loyalty to the boy would be
foolish. They fought on the same side, but that didn’t mean she wouldn’t take due
precautions.
“I’m afraid most of the work I do here isn’t as flashy as what I perform,” Medea continued as
another dove flew off through the wood. “Much of it is modifying spells, preparing catalysts

if any, and performing research as well as preparing contingencies. I’m afraid there is little of
interest for you here, Master.”
“Maybe,” Morgana admitted. “But I think it’s worth checking out anyway, if only to
appreciate what you do. And speaking of that… thank you. And I’m sorry.”
The Caster’s frown deepened slightly. “What for?” she asked.
The catlike being reached into his little pouch and pulled out one of the silphium potions.
“You created something we could use for the field, one that probably will bail us out sooner
rather than later. I know I talked to you that time a lot about trust, but… I’ll admit, I still
didn’t fully trust you. I thought you would do something with the seeds or maybe lie about
them. Instead, you provided us with something that’s gonna be really helpful. So… I just
wanted to say I’m sorry for doubting you.”
Medea was silent for a moment. Finally, she let out a tired sigh, her shoulders sagging. “You
are mistaking caution for paranoia, Master,” she admonished as she continued her work. “I
will deny neither my reputation nor my legend, and furthermore, you have been warned
against me. If you fully trusted me despite all of that, then I would consider you either a fool
or incredibly unusual – possibly both.”
“True,” Morgana admitted. “I’m hoping we can start off on a better foot this time, though.
You came through for us, both with the hunt and the potion, so I wanted to at least thank you
for that.”
“Accepted,” Medea replied simply. “Now, you have a request of me, do you not?”
The catlike being paused, then chuckled ruefully. “Was I that obvious?” he asked rhetorically.
“I was wondering… could you teach me how to brew potions or make items like you do?”
That had Medea’s attention again. Turning, she fixed her Master an unamused stare. “May I
ask why you wish to learn such a thing?” she inquired. “Surely there are other disciplines that
are more worth your time.”
Morgana paused for a moment to consider how honest he should be, finally settling on an
answer as he let out a frustrated sigh. “I just wanted to do something for Ren,” he replied,
causing Medea to slightly stiffen. “He’s been carrying so much responsibility and pushing
himself far harder than he ever has before. I’m worried that he’ll break before long and… and
I don’t have the slightest idea how I can help him.”
He looked around at the various tools, alembics, and glass instruments around the Caster’s
workshop. “Maybe if I could make some sort of potion to, I don’t know, alleviate his
exhaustion or at least guarantee some decent sleep or something, it’d help,” he said. “But as it
is now, I don’t know what to do.”
Medea was silent. She withheld her judgement on her Master for now, but after everything he
had said and done, she only had one conclusion of him:

He was a good person. He was thoughtful and kind, appreciative of her talents and didn’t take
them for granted, and treated those above, below, and equal to him with whatever degree of
respect they deserved. Rather, everyone was just their own person in their eyes, regardless if
they were Servant, human, or otherwise. It was a change of pace that she found rather
refreshing compared to the magi that had summoned her before.
However, a good person could also be easily manipulated into serving someone else, giving
their loyalty to those who had done nothing to deserve it. She had seen it done during her
time with Jason – though of course, the gods had been a factor then. And she could see the
clear loyalty Morgana held towards Ren Amamiya. Why was he so loyal? Why did her
Master respect Ren so much? How much of it was earned?
She had to stop herself from scowling. Taking advantage of a Servant’s capabilities and
creating a cult of personality around one’s self was what could arguably be expected from a
Master in these conditions. Servants were disposable weapons with strong personalities to be
managed, and this conflict left no room to accept preventable failures. She might even respect
it for the sheer pragmatism.
However, taking advantage of a good person and possibly disposing of them when they’ve
reached the end of their usefulness stoked her ire. If Morgana was here because he had
believed he had reached the end of his usefulness and feared getting discarded…
“Er, Medea? You okay?”
Morgana’s concerned voice brought her out of her ruminations, leaving her blinking.
“Apologies, Master, I was merely considering,” she excused herself. Regaining her
composure, she critically observed the catlike being up and down before making a
conclusion.
“Alchemy is no simple art, unfortunately,” she elaborated. “It requires a certain talent and
pedigree in order to be effective and even then, it takes years upon years of study,
experimentation, and practice before you can create even the most basic of potions –
assuming a very simple miscalculation doesn’t end your life or worse in the process.”
The catlike being’s ears drooped at the explanation. “Yeah, that’s what I figured,” he sighed
in resigned disappointment. “I was the one who taught Ren how to make things like
lockpicks, smoke bombs, and things like that. I’m guessing that isn’t any help?”
The Caster shook her head. “Regular engineering and chemistry are related, but quite far
from alchemy,” she replied. “It would have been good knowledge to have and would be part
of the study, but by themselves are not enough.” Still, despite herself, she couldn’t help but
feel disheartened at her Master’s disappointment. Many of her own skills and talents lay
beyond his reach, but there had to be something she could impart to the catlike beingWait.
“If you do not mind me asking, Master,” she mused, causing Morgana to look up at her in
question. “How are you able to shift between your cat form and your bipedal form? Is it some
sort of transformation magecraft?”

The catlike being blinked several times. “Oh, that?” he asked, looking over himself. “Well,
really long story short, part of my magecraft with my crest is that I can switch between being
a cat and this form whenever I want to. Normally, I’m only a cat in the real world while this
form here is only in the Metaverse – heck, you wouldn’t be even able to hear me talk in the
real world unless you witnessed firsthand that I could.”
“I see,” the Caster murmured, her mind working rapidly. “And do you have other forms
besides? Such magecraft is normally rather malleable.”
Morgana sighed in frustration as he shook his head. “No,” he answered. “In the Metaverse I
could transform into a bus and even a helicopter one time, but with my magecraft, it’s either
this form or a cat. El-Melloi said it’s because my structural composition is different – and it’s
why I can’t even use reinforcement regularly like Ren can.”
Medea slowly nodded. Perhaps there was a way to impart a bit of her knowledge after all. “I
believe there may be a method to assist with that,” she slowly mused. “A study of different
anatomical structures – as well as practical experience with such – often proves to be a useful
foundation to transformations. If you wish, I can show you such and see if we can further
your education from there.”
The catlike being perked up. “Wait, seriously?” he gasped. “That… that would be absolutely
amazing! Thanks so much, Medea! You’re a miracle worker!”
The Caster couldn’t help but smile – genuinely this time – at her Master’s enthusiasm and
gratitude. “It is of little trouble,” she easily brushed off. “If you do not have any pressing
matters, let us begin.” With a wave of her hand, she conjured a decently sized box. Morgana
hopped up eagerly and looked it over, then blinked with surprise.
“Are these models?”
“Wind’s picking up!” Drake called out as she slowly turned the shipwheel. “Trim the
mainmast sails!”
“Aye, aye!” one of the crew yelled back.
“Did those carpenters get the wood we needed?” the captain hollered to another crewmate.
“Aye!” he yelled back. “One of the guests is helping them out too – the pale girl. Strong as an
ox, she is! We’ll be back up to stock on planks in no time!”
Drake grinned. “Good!” she replied. “Make sure to get the damn things properly treated too,
or they’ll be too rotten to be of any use!”
“Aye aye!”
Ritsuka watched with curiosity as Drake called out commands from her station at the
shipwheel. There was absolutely no hesitation in any of her commands and her body
language conveyed both her surety and confidence. There was a glimmer in the captain’s eyes

as she checked the horizons around her – one of adventure and excitement. Countless
questions floated in the Master’s head, though which one she wanted to ask first, she wasn’t
sure.
“Enjoying a day in a captain’s life so far?”
The girl started as she looked up at the captain observing her with a grin. “Ya thinkin’ about
how I make it look easy?” she inquired.
Ritsuka swallowed as she considered how to respond. “I mean, I’m watching a master at their
craft,” she answered with a grin. “Of course you make it look easy while anyone else would
struggle.”
Drake boomed out in raucous laughter. “Ya got a silver tongue, almost as much as Joker!” she
cried in amusement. “But aye, ya have the right of it there. I’ve been on the seas for almost
my whole life – I know everything here like the back of my hand. Including someone not
tying the rigging on the foremast properly!”
Ritsuka jumped as the captain roared and glared at the offending ropes. Someone sidled down
the ropes and bowed deeply – and both women’s eyes widened in surprise to see Mash.
“Sorry, captain!” she called back. “I tied the rigging here! I’ll fix it right now!”
The captain scratched the back of her head. “Well, if you’re new it can’t be helped,” she
sighed. “Make sure to give those knots and ropes a good tug! They’re tough – they’ll take it!”
“Aye aye!” the Shielder called back before she began climbing up the ropes again.
The redhead blinked several times. “I couldn’t even see that knot from here,” she
commented, shading her eyes and squinting to try and spot the ropes.
Drake laughed again. “Course you wouldn’t, being a landlubber!” she cried. “It’s an eye you
learn to develop – which ropes are taut, which are slack, and which rope is which. Took me a
while to learn it myself, I’ll admit, but now I can tell just from a glance.”
Ritsuka nodded, pondering. Experience wasn’t something she could bridge – not easily – but
it was clear the captain had an eye for detail. There was a lot to sailing a ship that she knew
nothing about – far too much to reasonably learn even in a few hours. The best she could do
was observe carefully and take in as much information as she could.
Something glimmering on Drake’s belt caught her eye. “What’s that?” Ritsuka asked,
pointing.
The captain blinked, looked over, and smirked. “What, don’t tell me a starwatcher doesn't
know what this is!” she replied.
“I didn’t get a lot of great schooling,” the Master admitted sheepishly. Technically true given
her country’s education system but that was beside the matter. “And I’ve honestly never seen
such a thing before.”

Drake grinned. Unhooking it from her belt, she passed it over to Ritsuka. The girl took it and
looked it over: A brass disc-like device, with a ring attachment on top and a movable pointer,
etched with measured notches and numbers. It reminded her of her protractor she used in
math class.
“That’s my ring,” the captain explained. “Or what the scholars and merchants like to call a
‘mariner’s astrolabe’. Put it to your eye, slide the pointer toward a celestial body, then ya find
the altitude between the horizon and the body. With that, ya can chart out the latitude from
your almanacs, tables, and calculations.”
Ritsuka blinked in surprise. She hadn’t expected that much math and complexity to go into
navigating a ship – though in retrospect, it made sense. “And you keep those in your cabin?”
she guessed.
“Aye, that I do,” Drake confirmed with a grin. “But before you ask, they’re treasures beyond
gold when you’re at sea. It’s gonna take more than sweet words and a tough attitude to get
me ta show you those.”
The Master opened her mouth, then closed it with a shrug. “Fair enough,” she accepted easily
as she tried to work the astrolabe. Knowing where one was at sea was a matter of life and
death. She could easily see why even someone as confident as Drake wouldn’t allow her
anywhere close to such tools. “So how often have you checked your location?” she asked.
The captain shrugged. “Enough times, but it ain’t worth a shit here,” she responded casually.
“None of the calculations and tables are matching up to the records or maps. The only thing
our measurements are good for here is to chart a new map and a new course.”
Ritsuka blinked as she looked from the astrolabe to Drake. “So… you have no idea where
you’re going?” she inquired.
“Nope!” Drake admitted cheerfully. “Not a damn clue!”
“… Then how can you be so confident?” she asked quietly. “That you’re making the right
call? That you’ll succeed at the end?” And with everyone? she silently finished.
The captain smiled. This time, as opposed to her boisterous grins or laughs, it felt more
melancholy. “Sometimes, ya just push forward,” she replied quietly. “Don’t matter which
current you sail or where the winds blow, ya keep sailing. Staying still’s the same as bein’
stranded. So long as the sea are partin’ beneath ya and the sails are full, you’ll get
somewhere.”
She took a deep breath and broke into a broad grin. “The world’s a big, beautiful place, after
all,” she concluded. “A big, blue jewel just ripe for the takin’. Won’t do for me to pass up
such a treasure now, is it?”
The girl’s mouth fell open slightly, then smiled as she shook her head. “No, I suppose it
wouldn’t,” she agreed. The captain was right. She could mull over it as much as she wanted,
but it wouldn’t ultimately solve any of their troubles. In the end, the only thing she could do
was keep a brave face like Drake was doing and see to her own trials with a grin. With any

luck, they would make it to the end – assuming she had Drake’s impeccable luck in the first
place.
Then a small gust of wind blew and knocked the astrolabe into her face. “Ow!” she squeaked.
The captain’s booming laughter rang over the splashing of the waves below.
The constant creaking and rocking of the ship. The musty, damp air. The claustrophobic
space and darkness, with only the barest bit of sunlight peaking in through the portholes. The
boards underneath were slick with both moisture and moss despite the crews’ best efforts,
necessitating rougher boots and heavier steps to avoid slipping. It was a dank, dismal place –
a far cry from the beauty and glory on the deck.
For Joan, it felt like a dungeon – and for that reason, it felt oddly calming for her. A feeling
she despised and tried to distract herself from.
The Lancer frowned as she continued sawing through the board to the needed length, marked
by a small cut made by the head carpenter, who was measuring out the boards and barking
out orders to his subordinates. He tried doing the same to Joan and even snarled that a
landlubber had no place here, but a flaming spear aimed at his throat quickly changed his
tune.
Threatening gesture aside, Joan worked industriously. She had contemplated simply slicing
apart the board with her sword but thought better of it – while it would make a cleaner cut,
the experience was what she needed more. Aside from stripping her first saw of its teeth after
pressing it much too hard against a board, there hadn’t been any problems. She just worked
as directed and as necessary.
In her peripheral vision, she saw the other carpenters attending their own tasks: Using planes
to shave planks down, sanding down the wood, painting some sort of lacquer to the boards,
carefully bending and carving the various boards to whatever shape was needed. Despite the
rough nature of the men, they worked hard and with surprisingly delicacy that came with
skill. If any weren’t up to standard, the head was quick to berate them and throw the defects
back at the offending subordinate.
A clatter of more boards being unloaded next to her brought her out of her reverie. “Didn’t
break another saw, did ya?” the sailor – Eckhart, as it turned out – joked.
“Tch,” Joan clicked her tongue but otherwise continued her work.
“You’re still pressing too hard,” the sailor advised as he glanced over. “Ease up a bit. It only
needs a bit of strength and the saw will cut through by itself – that’s what it was made for,
after all.”
The Lancer scowled but nevertheless followed his advice, reducing how much effort she put
into the saw. The difference was immediately noticeable: Whereas before she had been brute
forcing it whenever it got tough or stuck, now it simply glided and cut through the wood with

greater ease than before. The cut was also far cleaner compared to the splintered ends from
earlier. “Hrm,” she grunted.
Eckhart nodded in approval. “Beginners always make the same mistake,” he noted. “Always
put too much strength in everything, bless ‘em. Eager folk with half the sense. Though you’re
the first one I’ve seen who broke both the saw and the boards your first time through!” He
laughed heartily at the recollection, causing Joan’s scowl to deepen.
“Isn’t there more work to do or are you just here to laugh at me?” she snapped.
The sailor laughed in reply. “Can’t be much a sailor if ya can’t do both, now can ya?” he
retorted. “And besides, ya got a lot of the wood cut up so there’s not a lot left. I’ll be honest, I
didn’t think the captain should’ve let any of you on board, but you’re all working for your
keep instead of being all hoity-toity. ‘S far as I’m concerned, you lot are alright.”
“Good to hear,” Joan irately grumbled as she finished sawing her current board. Dropping it
in her finished pile, she picked up a fresh board, found where it was marked for cutting, and
placed it on her workbench. Lining up the teeth of the saw on the pre-made notch, she began
sawing again – only to hear the sound of cracking. A second later, the handle crumbled into
pieces, leaving the sawblade stuck in the partially cut wood while she was left with nothing
but a handful of splinters. “Oh, you son of a-“ she cursed.
“Now, now,” Eckhart quicky jumped in. “Ya’ve been workin’ hard. I say you’ve earned a
breather or two, eh? Even we can’t work all the time, especially when all tensed up.” The
sailor glanced up to see the head carpenter turning an ugly shade of red at another tool ruined
by Joan’s hand and motioned his hand across his throat with a sharp glare. The head
carpenter turned even redder but held his tongue. The last thing they needed was to annoy her
even further.
The Lancer glared up at him. “And what the hell were you up to anyway?” she snarled.
The sailor nodded to a small box at his feet. “Gotta move the shots here – the portside
cannons don’t have enough.” He slowly grinned as he realized something. “Hey, how about I
make ya a deal?”
Joan frowned warily. “What deal?” she inquired with suspicion.
“If you carry this over for me,” he explained. “I’ll show you how the cannons work. Good
deal, eh?”
The Lancer’s wariness turned into a flat, unamused stare. “You’re just pushing your work off
to me, aren’t you,” she stated bluntly.
Eckhart’s grin grew without any shame whatsoever. “Hey, we don’t let anyone just near the
cannons,” he pointed out. “But if that’s a no, then maybe I’ll see if you wanna sew the sails or
swab the decks-“
“Give me that,” Joan snapped before hauling the small container of cannonballs. She
marched off, scowling again as she heard the laughter of the crewmates behind her. It must be

some sort of joke they put new crewmates through. But she knew all the same if she stayed
any longer, then the boards would be nothing more than splinters under her wrath.
Damnit, she really did need those woodworking lessons.
As they walked, she noted the gun deck above felt both more yet less oppressive compared to
the hold below. It was closer to the upper deck, allowing for both more sunlight and fresh air
in comparison. Yet there were far more of the crew working here, either cleaning or loading
cannonballs to crates nearby. The cannons stood at the ready – silent cylinders of black steel,
tied to the sides of the ship by thick, strong ropes, ready to be fired when necessary. It was an
array of potential power that would intimidate even the most ignorant.
It was a sight that utterly failed to impress Joan as she hauled the cannonballs up the stairs.
“Where do these go?” she called to Eckhart behind her.
The sailor pointed to the portside cannons. “Pick an empty create and drop them in. These are
ordinary shots – don’t mix them up with the grapeshot or chain shots!”
The Lancer narrowed her eyes but instead of grumbling, she simply carried it over to the
cannons. She checked inside the crates. One was filled with nothing but decently sized,
lumpy canvas bags, and another seemed to be filled with cannonballs, but on closer
inspection were chained together. With a scowl, she moved to the last crate which thankfully
were filled with normal cannonballs and dumped the box in.
“Heh, good work,” Eckhart complimented with a lopsided grin. “The ones still wet behind
the ears almost always get them mixed up. Most of ‘em have cockles for brains – a good
knock sorts them out, usually.”
Joan frowned as she set down the box. “The hell’s with these different cannonballs anyway?”
she asked. She had a few guesses as to what they were for, but it was better to ask anyway
and see what the answer was.
“Different tools for different jobs,” the sailor answered. He pointed to one of the lumpy
canvas bags. “That there’s a grapeshot. There’s a bunch of smaller shots stuffed inside. Once
you fire ‘em, they’ll scatter like hornets – great for hitting a wide place or a lotta people at
once.” Joan glanced back down at them and nodded in understanding, though she kept silent.
“And these are the chain shots,” he continued, pointing to the smaller cannon balls chained
together. “When ya fire something fast and it’s got good, solid weights on each end, turns out
they’re pretty good at cutting – great for tearing through sails and ropes when normal
cannonballs would just slip right off.”
His grinned widened mischievously. “And if you’re a real good shot, ya can even fire it
directly at the masts,” he added. “It’ll wrap right around and the shots will smash them into
pieces. Ain’t no better way to take the wind right out of their sails – they don’t got any!” He
bellowed in laughter at his own joke as Joan just simply scowled.
“And I’m guessing the regular cannonballs are what’s doing the real damage to the ships?”
she asked, nodding to the crate she just filled.

Eckhart nodded. “Aye,” he replied. “Punch holes in the hull, destroy cannons, and basically
give whoever’s on the other end a bad time.”
Joan nodded in contemplation – then was brought out of her reverie by metallic footsteps on
the wooden deck. Looking up, she blinked in surprise at the sight of Siegfried carrying what
appeared to be large, cylindrical bags. “Pardon my interruption,” he apologized. “But where
is the storage for cartridges?”
The sailor’s eyes widened. “They got you working as a powder monkey?” he remarked.
“Well, wonders never cease. Supply closet’s down there – mind your step with those and
careful of flames!”
Siegfried nodded. “Supervising these is why I decided to take this duty,” he explained simply
before walking off in the indicated direction, his spiky armor and presence causing any other
sailors to give him a wide berth.
The Lancer looked closely at the cylindrical bag, then back at Eckhart. “Cartridges?” she
echoed in askance.
“Bags filled with gunpowder,” the sailor answered. “They’re what launch the cannonballs
with a boom. Shove one in first, then load the cannonball, and ya got a cannon prepped for
firing at whatever ya please. Ya gotta be really careful though – one flame or spark in the
wrong place and-“
“And the entire ship gets blown up to kingdom come,” Joan finished for him. “I know well
enough how gunpowder works.”
Eckhart raised an eyebrow. “Impatient, aren’t ya?” he commented before he shrugged. “Well
then, how about we solve that with a little target practice? This way.”
The Lancer was briefly surprised at the offer, but quietly followed. Cannons had always been
a particular favorite of the saint’s, and despite trying to distance herself, she couldn’t help but
be intrigued in turn. She had nothing better to do, so she might as well learn what she could.
It might come in useful, if only to prevent herself from getting blown up whenever she had to
actually operate them.
At least today was shaping up to be a productive day.
Ren stretched with a yawn as he stood up in the crow’s nest. The sea breeze tussled at his hair
playfully as the sun shone brightly in the sky. The vertigo from swaying so high up had taken
a bit of adjustment, but otherwise he found it rather exciting. The grand galleon seemed so
small beneath him, and the crew and his friends even smaller. Beyond the ship stretched an
endless vista of blue seas in every direction, merging and vanishing into the distant horizon.
The Phantom Thief had been up here with David since the start of the voyage. The Archer
coached him on weather patterns, cloud formations, certain tell-tale signs of sea currents, and
even identifying marks of the sea such as flotsam or creatures. It felt less like a formal

education and more like the on-the-job training Ren had received before, but that suited him
just fine – he learned more by doing and questioning as he went anyway.
“I can’t imagine Drake always keeping you up here,” Ren commented as he scanned the seas
with both his regular eyesight and the Third Eye. “I thought she’d keep you busy as well.”
“But I am busy!” David argued with a small laugh as he leaned on the other side of the
crow’s nest, staring out at the sea. “Most of the time there’s nothing, but it only takes one
small detail missed to potentially doom the entire crew. And with my eyesight and attention
to detail, no one’s more fit than me to keep an eye out for such things.”
“Uh huh,” the Phantom Thief replied skeptically, albeit with a grin of his own. “And how
often do the others believe that?”
The green-haired man burst out in chuckles. “Enough that they leave me alone for the most
part,” he easily admitted. “And I do help out at least whenever we make port, so they tend to
not bother me too much unless it’s really needed.”
“Well, if that’s good enough for Drake and her crew, then it’s good enough for me,” Ren
answered cheerfully before looking back out at the sea. Being up in the crow’s nest of a
galleon was a far different experience than the whaling boat. It felt like being on the head of a
giant, staring out at the entire world. Once he got over his indigestion from earlier, he
couldn’t help but feel giddy, like he was a child again. He could see why David enjoyed
being here.
Hearing a shift of movement, he turned and raised an eyebrow as he saw the Archer sit on the
edge of the nest with a simple yet beautiful harp in hand. “I didn’t know you played an
instrument,” Ren commented with a grin. “You’re not worried the captain will get on your
case about slacking off on the job?”
David chuckled in amusement. “Well, you’re doing a good enough job that I think I can take
a bit of a break,” he easily answered. “Whoever taught you must’ve done a pretty good job, I
should say.” Ren couldn’t help but laugh with him at the joke.
“And besides,” he added, glancing down from the crow’s nest and meeting Drake’s bright
grin with one of his own. “I can easily play and keep a lookout at the same time. And so far, I
haven’t gotten a single complaint about my music.”
Bringing his hand up, he ran his fingers along the delicate strings of his harp. Notes, crystal
clear and bright, rang through the air. Almost immediately, the buzz of activity below them
hushed to near silence, as though everyone below was also expectant of David’s music. With
a gentle smile, the Archer’s fingers danced along the strings in a cheerful yet melancholic
melody, easily matching the faint crashing of waves below.
Ren leaned against the edge of the crow’s nest as David played. The song wasn’t anything he
heard before. It reached deep into his mind and soul, soothing them both. He hadn’t felt so
relaxed or at peace than he had in… actually, when was the last time he felt at peace? His
soul was always ablaze, combating injustice, fixated on one goal after another. When was the
last time he allowed himself to simply sit down and relax? Had he ever?

Feeling his throat tighten up, he turned away to peer toward the horizon, raising his hand to
wipe away a few tears that had sprung unbidden to his eyes. He smiled to himself. Either
David was simply that good with a harp or there was some sort of magic within his music.
Considering he was a Servant, it was highly likely it was both.
“Haven’t heard this tune before,” Ren commented to distract himself as David continued to
play. “Did you come up with it yourself?”
The Archer smiled. “I had a good amount of free time in life,” he answered as he continued
to pluck the strings of his harp. “And when you’re by yourself, you learn to pick up a hobby
or two if only to stave off boredom. I tried a few things – and even a few instruments like the
flute – but the harp always felt the best for me. It’s apparently rather soothing – both for me
and any listeners.”
“Now what kind of job gives you enough free time to learn an instrument?” the Phantom
Thief asked with a grin, leaning up against the edge of the nest. “My jobs had some
downtime whenever I worked, but definitely not enough to learn an instrument.”
David laughed in amusement. “A job much like this one, to be honest,” he answered.
“Keeping watch, patrolling, and the occasional flurry of activity both good and bad. Only
time I didn’t enjoy it as much was when the weather took a turn for the worse, but you win
some, you lose some.”
He closed his eyes and smiled in recollection as he continued playing. “Lush meadows and
plains, forests and mountains, babbling brooks,” he murmured. “They all had a music of their
own when you listened closely enough. So does the sea as well. It becomes quite a wellspring
of inspiration when you get down to it.”
Ren chuckled. “You make it sound like you were a musician in your past life,” he pointed
out.
“Ah, it is possible,” he remarked with a happy smile. “Though these are just my idle
strummings – hardly fit for great halls. More so good for a tavern or inn. It’s a path I might
have considered had things turned out differently in life.”
The Phantom Thief nodded in agreement. “I know how that feels,” he replied. Though it
wasn’t often, he had wondered what would have happened to him if he had never gotten
arrested. Chances were good that he would have passed the days like any other as an
ordinary, inconsequential young man. His parents would’ve been distant as always, paying
him scant attention but granting him whatever he wanted so long as he continued playing his
role.
Would he have been content? Maybe. But happy? Never. An image of himself behind bars,
bathed in red light as he proclaimed his prison a paradise, suddenly appeared in his mind – a
thought so revolting that he almost vehemently shook his head to rid himself of it. This was
why he rarely focused on ‘what-ifs’. They were almost never productive and only dampened
his spirit. He was a Phantom Thief now, and there was far too much to do.

He casually peered back out over the horizon – then his eyes widened at what he saw. He
activated his Third Eye for confirmation and gulped. “Hey, David?” he called out, garnering
the Archer’s attention. “I’m guessing a massive wave of dark clouds on the horizon – thick
enough to shadow everything below – is probably really bad news?” It already looked
ominous enough, but through his Third Eye the clouds were glowing a vivid red.
The Archer blinked in response and stood up properly as he squinted his eyes at the horizon.
“… Yes,” he agreed quietly. “And even worse news is that it’s rapidly heading straight
toward us. This isn’t a normal storm.”
Reaching behind him, he grabbed a rope and pulled, ringing the bell right below. It clanged
loudly, immediately grabbing everyone’s attention as he peered over the side. “Large storm
incoming starboard side!” he shouted. “We have fifteen minutes before it hits!”
There was a moment of silence as everyone processed the news. “Well, what are you standing
gawking for!?” Drake roared. “Batten down all hatches! Seal the portholes! Secure the cargo
and supplies! Buckets at the ready for bailing! Trim the sails!”
Everyone immediately burst into frantic activity to carry out the captain’s orders. “Oi, how
does the storm look, David?!” the captain yelled.
David’s face was grim as he shook his head. “Bad,” he called back. “Make every single
preparation count – this isn’t a normal sea weather we’re facing.”
Drake’s laughter boomed out. “Like hell has anything been ordinary here!” she roared.
“Chaldeans, ya better brace yourselves and earn your keep!”
Meanwhile, Ren had contacted Chaldea. The communication soon went through, revealing
the frantic image of Roman staring at another monitor. He saw crumbs on his lips and chin –
the doctor had likely been eating something when he called. “Hey Roman,” he greeted as he
glanced back up at the approaching storm clouds. “We’ve a storm coming towards us, and it
doesn’t seem to be a normal one. Can you check?”
‘ Already am,’ the doctor hurriedly replied. ‘ I was actually just about to contact you. It’s a
destabilization of reality itself in the singularity, manifesting as a storm — an uncommon
though not unheard of event. But I haven’t seen one this big before.’
“Well, first time for everything,” the Phantom Thief replied with a force lightness. “Do we
need to rayshift out or should we just sail the heck out of there?”
‘ I’ve already compared the speed of the destabilization to the Golden Hind,’ Da Vinci
replied, her visage popping up beside Roman. ‘ Outrunning it isn’t possible, unfortunately.
The destabilization is a rather unforeseen event, caused by a change to the singularities
structure in some manner, akin to a violent growing pain. Once it passes by, it should be
smooth going from now on. But until then, prepare for rather stormy waters and other
disturbances, ragazzo.’
“Any clue on the cause?” Ren asked.

Roman shook his head. ‘ We’re trying to pinpoint the reason but the destabilization is
interfering with our readings,’ he reported. ‘ It’ll take us some time until we can figure out
the cause.’
“Yeah, that’s about what I expected,” Ren sighed with an exasperated smile. He had a feeling
their trip had been rather smooth so far anyway. “Roger that. I’ll let you guys know once
we’re on the other side. Wish us luck.”
‘ Good luck, Ren,’ the doctor replied.
The Phantom Thief turned off the communication and took a break to steady himself. He
turned around – and saw David holding out a cord towards him. “Tie this around your waist,”
the man ordered. “Make sure it’s tight enough to secure you, but the knot can be easily
undone if necessary. Can you do that?”
Ren nodded and wrapped the cord around himself. “And you?” he asked out of curiosity as
he tied a self-taught knot to secure him. “I’m guessing you’ll be fine as a Servant?”
The Archer laughed again. “I think I can manage this amount of wind and rain,” he lightly
replied as he observed the approaching storm clouds – a rapidly thickening dark line on the
horizon. Holding out his hand, his staff appeared once more. Ren noticed a long loop of cloth
at the end of it. Was it a staff sling?
“And unfortunately for me, it would only get in the way,” he finished.
Ren stared up at the sling and recalled a story of a certain boy or young man using one – or
rather, the only story he knew. Instead of pointing it out, he simply grinned. “I can see how,”
he accepted as he turned toward the storm. Sailing through waters controlled by a yokai were
one thing, but a full-on magical storm was another entirely.
He couldn’t help but break out into an excited grin. This should be interesting.
The winds rapidly picked up as the storm approached, from a chill breeze to a stiff gust. The
dark clouds loomed over them like the shadow of a titan, lightning arcing through the clouds.
Below, it was almost as dark as the night, obscured by sheets of rain. The waves became
rougher and choppier, crashing up against the hull and causing it to rock alarmingly from side
to side. A few sailors stopped momentarily to gawk at the oncoming dark majesty of the
storm before redoubling their pace. They knew all too well the onslaught that awaited them.
Then a moment later, the storm hit with fury. The rain came down in fat, painful drops,
whipped around by the howling gale that threatened to blast anyone unprepared off their feet.
The sea lifted in gigantic waves and dips, forcing even the grand Golden Hind to navigate
and sail correctly lest they capsize under both the sea and the wind.
Ritsuka gritted her teeth as she clung on to the railing while the ship rocked and tossed about,
her safety cord digging painfully into her waist. Already she was completely soaked both
from the splashing waves and the rain. She could barely see anything - visibility was near
nonexistent both by the darkness of the storm and the curtain of rain that poured from the

heavens. Only the dimly glowing lanterns were barely visible through it all, with the flashes
of lightning briefly illuminating everything for a split second.
She whipped her head around, trying to gather as much information as possible. Sailors, tied
to their own cords, were yelling at each other over the storm or trying to make emergency
adjustments to the ship. There was a flash of lightning, blinding her again before another
wave crashed against the ship, the cold seawater washing over her. Then another gust of wind
from the other direction almost bowled her over, forcing her to cling on to the railing with all
her might. She was cold, she was sore, it was too loud, too bright, too dark, too noisy, tooA moment later, she slapped herself on the cheeks. Her face had already gone numb from the
lashing of the storm, but it was enough to calm herself slightly and focus.
Turning, she checked how Drake was doing. The captain’s expression was both a grin and
grimace as she wrestled with the shipwheel, turning the ship with the waves to avoid
capsizing. Like Ritsuka, she had tied a cord around herself as well to avoid getting washed
away. “How bad is it?” she asked.
“What?!” Drake roared back.
“How bad is it?!” Ritsuka asked again, shouting over the wind and waves.
“Bad,” the captain shouted bluntly. “But I’ve weathered my fair share of storms! Just hold on
tight!”
The Master nodded, then yelped as another huge wave crashed against the ship, splashing the
two of them with seawater. Shaking her head to get the excess water out of her eyes, she
mentally reached out to as many Servants and Masters she could. ‘ Status check!’ she called
out. ‘ The hell’s happening?’
‘ Several of the boards- ack-! Burst down here in the hold!’ Joan shouted. ‘ I’m working with
the carpenters to repair as much as we can here!’
‘I’ve summoned Tarrasque to try and steady the ship!’ Martha reported. ‘ But even he is
having a tough time against the current! There’s only so much he can do here!’
‘I’m currently securing the sails to the masts!’ Mash replied. ‘ They’re starting to come loose
and might tear away in the wind! It’s much too dangerous for everyone else, so I’m doing it!’
Ritsu’s eyes widened. ‘ Wha- Mash, get the hell down from there!” she roared. ‘ You’re
gonna get blown off at this rate!’
‘As soon as I’m done here, Master!’ the Shielder interjected. ‘ Please, see to the others! I’ll
be fine!’
The Master scowled but knew there was no time for distractions or arguments. ‘ What about
everyone else?’ she called out.
‘ Master Morgana is in my workshop taking shelter,’ Medea replied grimly. ‘ He is funneling
as much mana as he can muster into me so I can strengthen my protections on the ship.’

Ritsuka’s jaw couldn’t help but drop open. ‘ Wait, it’s still this bad even with your
protections?!’ she spouted.
‘ Yes,’ the Caster answered grimly. ‘ This is far from a natural storm. The severity of it cannot
be understated.’
‘ Wonderful,’ Ritsuka groused, yelping a gale blew from another direction and almost
bowling her over. ‘ Ren? Is the weather getting any better up there?’
‘ It’s still a dark and stormy night,’ the Phantom Thief replied with a small chuckle. ‘ We’re
gonna be stuck here for a b…’
The redhead looked up at the crow’s nest in trepidation as Ren’s words trailed off. ‘ Ren?’
she called out worriedly. ‘ What’s happening up there?’
‘ … We got movement,’ he reported seriously. ‘ A lot of it – from the ocean. And they’re
coming towards us.’
Ritsuka bit back a curse as she whirled back to Drake. “Captain!” she yelled over the howling
wind. “We got enemies approaching us from the water!”
“Of course we do!” Drake laughed before turning to the others in her crew. “Look alive,
everyone! We got uninvited guests!”
However, despite the captain’s booming voice, only Ritsuka seemed to have heard her. The
other sailors were staggering about, fighting the elements to attend to their duties. “Oi, you
louts!” she roared again. “Get the wax and sea out of your ears! We have enemies
approaching!” However, it made little difference as her words were drowned out by the
howling winds.
The Master looked back and forth as Drake’s expression became bemused and worried. The
captain couldn’t be heard over this storm. The other sailors would be taken by surprise at this
rate. She certainly couldn’t shout louder herself, and she was more likely to get washed off
the ship than be actually able to get to the other sailors. There was no way of decent
communication here.
Unless…
‘ Martha! Siegfried! Joan! Mash!’ she called out. ‘ Tell whatever sailors you can – we have
incoming enemies coming from the sea! Get topside if you can but keep helping out if you
can’t!’
‘ I’m fixing the rigging here, Master!’ Mash cried. ‘ I will be on the deck in a moment!’
‘Though nothing desperate, I am also preoccupied,’ Siegfried reported.
‘ Ack! A little busy here!’ Joan shouted. ‘ Don’t you dare drop those damn nails, Jackson-!’
Ritsuka looked up – and her eyes widened in horror as beings crawled over the edge and
flopped onto the deck. They were larger than the average man, with lanky limbs and fins

protruding from their forearms, calves, and backs. Their scales gleamed with each flash of
lightning, illuminating the spears and tridents they held in their clawed hands. Their lizardlike eyes glared about, hissing through fanged mouths as their gaze rested upon the sailors.
“No, sto-!” she screamed as they raised their weapons on the unsuspecting menSuddenly, orbs of light blasted one back over the edge. Martha rushed out, her crossed staff in
hand. “To arms!” she cried, her clear voice piercing through the winds and reaching the
nearest sailors. “We are being boarded! To arms!” The sailors looked about in alarm at the
invaders. One drew a gun and fired. With an explosive report, one of the fishmen fell
backward, bleeding from a hole in its chest.
The Master breathed a sigh of relief before turning back to the surprised Drake. “Call out any
orders through me,” she yelled. “I’ll relay them to my Servants and they’ll spread your orders
to the other sailors!”
The captain blinked, then grinned. “Ha! Crafty, aren’t ya!?” she roared. “Fine! Ya better be
ready, then!”
Ritsuka nodded and turned back to the deck, watching the sailors fight off the fishmen as
Martha blasted any of them that tried to sneak up from behind. She raised her arm to shield
her eyes from yet another wave as it crashed against the ship. As the ship began listing and
Drake spun the wheel to adjust, she barked orders that Ritsuka faithfully relayed word for
word.
They would make it through this storm. She would make sure of it.
Mash swept her soaked hair away from her eyes as she struggled with the rope. Oily and
rough, it was difficult to properly hold on to. Only her superhuman strength as a demiServant allowed her to keep a good hold instead of it slipping from her grasp. Gritting her
teeth, she pulled the rope as hard as she could, fighting through the lashing rain and wind to
make sure the sails were as secure as possible. With the current storm, all it took was even a
yard of exposure and it would be blown open – something they couldn’t afford right now.
She hadn’t expected their seaward voyage to be completely smooth – she read that the seas
and ocean could be stormy at even the best of times, and they were the bane of even the most
experienced sailors. They were at the mercy of nature’s wrath, completely helpless to the
winds and waves, with no cover or refuge they could rely on. All they could do was brace
themselves, sail, and pray for deliverance.
But while she had read about how dangerous they were, going through them was a different
matter entirely. Her sense of balance and equilibrium were constantly disturbed thanks to the
pitching of the ship, and the clamor of the storm and her fellow sailors was disorienting.
Everyone, including her, rushed around with desperate fervor, doing all they could to make
sure they stayed whole and afloat. If the ship went down, then it was nothing short of a death
sentence.
Hauling the rope and clambering against the slippery deck, she looped the rope around a
nearby stub and tied it as tight as she could. She blinked as lightning flashed, creating stars in

her eyes. Several times the rope almost slipped in her hand, and the fierce winds made
handling it incredibly difficult. Nevertheless, she persisted and carefully crafted the knot she
had been taught to tie.
A clawed, scaled hand reached over the edge to her surprise as another fishman crawled over.
Scowling, the Shielder seized the fishman hard by the shoulder, headbutted it, then sent it
flying back to the depths while it was reeling with a single punch before turning her attention
back to finally tying up the rope properly.
“I secured the halyard!” she announced over the wind to the other sailors pulling their own
ropes. “I’m going to try and trim the mizzenmast sails to give the captain better steering!”
“There’s no time for that, girly!” one of the sailors roared back as he pointed upward. “The
main topsail is getting loose! We ain’t got a man who can get up in this storm though!”
Mash looked up at the tallest sail and her eyes widened as she saw it starting to fall off. “I’ll
handle it!” she yelled back before dashing for the ratlines. Grabbing hold of them, she began
climbing the rope ladder up the mast. The semi-slack ratline bounced worryingly as the gale
battered against it like a toy. Only her strength as a demi-Servant prevented her grip from
slipping. She couldn’t even see her destination through the almost solid sheets of rain
battering down.
As she climbed, there was a cry of alarm from below her, she turned – and her eyes widened
as she saw a large wave coming straight for the hind. Turning away and clutching the ropes
right, she heard it crash against the hull before the frigid seawater washed up against her.
Though she had a far greater resistance to temperature, it nevertheless chilled her to the bone.
The ship listed worryingly to the side, forcing her to clutch onto the ladder even harder.
Step by nerve-wracking step, she climbed to the top of the ratline, then seized a shroud and
climbed the solitary vertical rope up to the topsail yard. Squinting her eyes, she could see
through the sheets of stinging rain where the topsail was coming loose. Taking a deep breath,
she laid on the topmast yard, wrapped her arms and legs around it, and slowly began
shimmying her way toward it.
Then a glowing, metallic dragon with a skull-like head suddenly appeared alongside her,
startling the Shielder. ‘ Need a lift, Mash?’ came Ren’s amused voice.
‘ Senpai?!’ she called out in surprise. She recognized the dragon – Ren had summoned it
back in the Roman singularity. Fafnir, he called it. Come to think of it, the crow’s nest was
only somewhat above her at this point. She would turn to look, but her position coupled with
the weather rendered that impossible. ‘ Th-thank you. I’m here to secure the topsail – it’s
starting to fall off!’
‘Had a feeling – we could see it dangling from here,’ the Phantom Thief acknowledged. ‘
We’ll keep an eye out for you. Get on and I’ll fly you over.’
‘ Understood,’ the Shielder replied. Carefully detaching herself from the yard, she crawled
slowly onto the persona’s back. The dragon itself was stock still despite the forceful winds
buffeting all around them. She couldn’t help but wonder if this was yet another trait of Ren’s

personas – even projections or familiars wouldn’t be able to resist such winds to such a
degree.
Once she was fully mounted, Fafnir floated toward the first section of where the topsail
needed reattaching. Sitting up, Mash gritted her teeth as she hoisted it back to the hoops
where they were supposed to be furled. While it wasn’t heavy for her, the wind constantly
tussled away at it, threatening to dislodge it even further and making the situation far more
difficult. It got to the point where she was worried if she gripped any tighter to keep it still,
she might damage the sail. So she continued, making her way down the yard slowly while
carefully working.
Then a screech from above startled her. Looking up, she saw a bird rushing straight toward
her, talons outstretched. It was no normal creature – it seemed larger than usual and made of
storm clouds. Her eyes widened as it approached. The topsail was in her grasp and couldn’t
easily release it without causing further damage. She braced herself and clung tightly to the
sail to at least spare it from damageA glowing projectile shot by above her and pierced a gaping hole in the bird’s chest. With a
startled squawk, it dissipated into vapor with a crackle of lightning. ‘ We’ve got you covered,
Mash!’ Ren called out. ‘ Go!’
Mash grit her teeth. ‘ Yes, senpai!’ she acknowledged. Moving with renewed vigor, she kept
securing the topsail. Each and every cry of the birds around her was swiftly silenced by more
glowing projectiles, letting her fully focus on the task at hand. As she reached the end, she
hooked the last part of the topsail and secured it in place.
‘ Topsail secured, senpai!’ she reported. ‘ Do you require any assistance?’
‘We’re good here!’ the Phantom Thief replied. ‘ Head back down to the deck and see if you
can help out against those fishmen! We still got more incoming!’
Mash nodded. ‘ Understood, senpai!’ Grabbing the shroud, she started descending from the
topmast yard back to the deck.
‘ Lightning incoming toward the ship,’ Medea suddenly warned. ‘ Someone must intercept it!’
The Shielder’s eyes widened as a cold chill that had nothing to do with the rain or sea ran
down her spine.
‘ Crap- Martha, Siegfried, Mash!’ Ritsuka barked out. ‘Can any of you intercept?’
‘ I’m busy here with these fishmen, Master!’ Martha shouted back. ‘ They’re coming thick
and fast!’
‘ On my way, but I might not be there in time-!’ Siegfried replied, his normally calm voice
tight with anxiousness.
‘ I’m almost there, Master!’ Mash called out as she slid down the shroud even faster – then
yelped as the winds buffeted her hard into the mast. She gritted her teeth as she hung on
while the storm toyed with her like a great, savage beast. Dropping down directly wasn’t an

option – the storm would blow her off course and most likely into the sea. But she was out of
time. She couldn’t use her shield as a platform to propel herselfThen a gale bumped her up against the mast again. An idea, risky as it was, came to her
immediately. Using the shroud rope to pull herself up, she placed her feet on the mast, then
launched herself at the deck. The wind and rain stung her face as she rocketed through the
storm, squinting to shield her eyes and vision. As the deck rapidly came closer, she braced
herself and rolled as she collided with the ship to dispel the force of impact, all while
simultaneously summoning her shield and raising it.
Not even a split second later, there was a flash of light – and suddenly it felt as though she
bore the weight of the entire world on her shield. Throwing her entirety of her strength
against it, she slowly tried to stand up until the boards underneath her groaned ominously,
audible even above the storm. The air around her resounded with a deafening boom, as
though the heavens themselves roared in rage at her defiance. Nevertheless, the Shielder
neither yielded nor relented, roaring back in turn as she stood her ground against the might of
the lightning.
Then the accumulated energy exploded, sending her rocketing off to the side and over the
edge of the railing. Even with her enhanced reflexes, she wasn’t able to reorient in time to
catch herself. As she went over, she was greeted with the sight of the frothing, heaving sea –
an inky darkness that she couldn’t see the bottom of. She could see countless fishmen
crawling up the hull of the Golden Hind, their scales and weapons gleaming in the storm.
Then the sea started rushing up to meet her and embrace her into its watery depthsThen she jerked to a stop right above the roaring waves. Blinking in surprise, she looked up
and found herself staring at the smiling countenance of Siegfried, holding her arm. “Well
done,” he praised warmly before easily pulling her back up to the deck.
“Th-thank you, Siegfried,” the Shielder gasped out, trying to still her nerves over her getting
nearly thrown overboard. Taking a deep breath, she gathered her composure. There wasn’t
any time to lose. “There are more fishmen scaling the sides of the ship,” she reported quickly.
“More than I believe Martha can handle alone.”
As she spoke, she glanced about and quickly noticed Drake pulling out a pistol with her free
hand and shooting down one of the fishmen that had clambered up to her side. “I’m moving
to the rear to protect Drake and Ritsuka-senpai,” she immediately decided.
Siegfried nodded in agreement. “Then I shall handle the front,” he responded in turn. “Good
hunting, Mash.”
“To you as well!” the Shielder replied before dashing off toward her position. As she began
climbing the stairs to the rear deck, however, the ship suddenly quaked and began listing
dangerously toward the port side. Grabbing hold of the railing to avoid falling off, she looked
around in alarm as even the fishmen were thrown off, their surprised hisses and snarls
swallowed up by the waves. “What-?!”
‘ We have a big one!’ Ren shouted out through their mental link. ‘ Sea serpent, right
underneath us!’

Ritsuka cursed while raising her arm to shield herself from another wave splashing down. ‘
Martha, can you get Tarrasque to intercept?!’ she called out. Suddenly, the ship heavily
listed to the other side, causing even Drake to swear in alarm while she spun the shipwheel to
compensate.
‘ He just told me he’s trying to intercept some larger sea monsters,’ the saint reported. ‘ The
sea serpent got past him – it’ll be some time before he can deal with it!’
The redhead’s eyes widened. That explained all the listing without the dragon stabilizing the
ship. What the hell were in the oceans here?! ‘ In that case, everyone brace yourselves as best
you can!’ she responded, then yelped as a fishman tried to pounce on her – only to be
smashed away from her by Mash’s shield. She flashed a grateful grin at the Shielder before
focusing back on the situation at hand, racking her brain for any solution.
They were in serious trouble.
Joan spluttered and spat water out of her mouth as she picked herself up from the deck,
glaring at the seawater flooding in from the crack caused by the impact of the monster. “Just
fucking wonderful,” she snarled in annoyance before grabbing another board that lay at her
feet. As she approached the rapidly flooding crack, she reached into the thigh high water and
yanked an unconscious crew member out. “Get this guy outta here!” she barked as she tossed
the man to his peers. “And hurry up with the bailing!”
Fighting against the high-pressure spray of the sea, she rammed the board hard against the
crack. The water pressure would’ve taken multiple men to fight but it was nothing compared
to the strength of a Servant. Snagging some nails and her hammer she had strapped to herself,
she braced her body against the board before nailing it to the hull. She could hear the other
sailors wading in behind her with their own boards and nailing the other side.
Despite being out of the direct wrath of the storm, it wasn’t any drier in the holds – water
leaked through cracks in the deck, dripping down like rain on their heads as seawater sloshed
around their legs. The constant listing and tilting of the ship made things even more
claustrophobic as everyone distributed and redistributed the weight of the cargo to maintain
balance, all while patching whatever leaks and damage the hull sustained.
Something knocked hard on the ship again, this time upstairs on the starboard side – Joan
could clearly hear the splitting of wood and rush of water from that direction. With a curse,
she checked if the current repairs would hold. Once it became clear the sailors had the
situation well in hand, she turned. “I’m gonna patch the starboard damage,” she snarled.
“Hurry the hell up!”
The sailors roared in assent as the Lancer began making her way over. She couldn’t dash at
full speed, not with how unstable the footing was, but she was able to make good speed.
Stepping up the stairs to the gun deck, she scowled as she saw the damage – another hole. It
was normally well above sea level, but with how the ship had been listing combined with the
waves, it still gushed with water at irregular intervals. She began marching over, grabbing a
board as she stepped around sailors carrying full bailing buckets-

Then the hull beside her exploded, throwing her hard back against the wall. Scowling, she
looked up at a rather large breach in the hull – and her eyes widened as she saw what lay
beyond: A mass of scales and flesh swiftly sliding past, revealing the dark storm and ocean
beyond. Several sailors laid about, injured both from the impact and the splinters carving
bloody furrows across their flesh.
She immediately shifted priorities. Repairing the ship may be important, but it wouldn’t help
if this damn creature damaged the ship faster than they could fix it! Running over, she hauled
the injured out of the way as she roared over her shoulder to the ones still standing, “Get
these ones to the sickbay and out of the damn way!” The sailors immediately moved without
argument, taking their hurt cohorts away as the Lancer turned back to the monster.
With a scowl, she reached for her sword. The serpent wasn’t the largest, but it was still
considerable. Her normal methods of fighting wouldn’t be enough. ‘ Siegfried, can you deal
with this lunkhead?’ she demanded.
‘ I am unfortunately occupied,’ the dragonslayer replied. ‘ The fishmen have taken the
serpent’s presence as an opportunity and have redoubled their efforts – it is difficult for me to
not be swarmed by them, let alone cut a path toward you!’
‘ Of course,’ Joan commented aridly as she looked around her. If only she had more
firepower, she would be able to simply blast away the serpent while remaining safe.
Then her eyes rested on the cannon. More firepower, she had thought…
Dashing over to the cannon, she looked it over. No damage to it as far as she could tell. The
ropes were still attached to the hull so the recoil would be absorbed. However, the entire deck
and cannon were soaked – even if she brought a gunpowder cartridge out, it would be
rendered useless before she could stuff it into the cannon. And even then, a regular
cannonball wouldn’t work – no way in hell would it even scratch the serpent, let alone kill it.
She growled at the useless idea and turned around, ready to summon her flaming spearsAnd stopped as an idea struck. Flaming spears… her flames. Eckhart had explained that
gunpowder worked by igniting and exploding with considerable force, propelling the shot in
turn. She had dismissed it earlier, saying she knew how it worked. But she had ignored the
fundamental point of that lecture: the purpose of the powder itself. The powder was simply
needed to propel the shot. If she could concentrate her flames…
Her mind churning at untold speeds, she looked toward the muzzle of the cannon. A
cannonball had no way of harming a mythological sea serpent, sure. But her spears were a
different matter entirely – and she could generate as many of those as she had magical energy
for. With a thought, she summoned a spear… which clanged into the empty barrel off the
cannon. Blinking, she checked – and saw there was plenty of spare room within. With a
scowl, she summoned a bunch more spears, packing it full. This would be rough on the
cannon but if she heard complaints afterward, that meant they were at least alive.
Racing back to the end of the cannon, she placed her hand over the touch hole for a better
connection, closed her eyes, and focused. Summoning a fireball at the breech, she fed it
energy while keeping it compact and concentrated. It was a wild, risky idea – one that most

likely would have her plucking shards of iron out of her armor and flesh if she got it wrong –
but she had no better options at this point. She just needed to regulate the fireball so it had
enough force to propel the spears and not blow up the cannon. All it needed was a bit more.
Just a bit more…
As the fireball reached a critical point, her eyes snapped open. She raised her hand from the
touch hole as the cannon erupted, sending the spears jetting forward toward the sea serpent at
incredible speeds. She watched as they sped forward… then her stomach dropped as her
spears simply bounced off its scales, falling impotently away and vanishing into the dark
oceans below. A loud hissing roar rose over the howling gale and booming thunder of the
storm in response.
Joan cursed. Using the cannon had been a neat trick, and they fired her spears with far more
force and speed than if she simply launched them as she usually did – but that mattered little
if it all she did was piss it off. She scowled and started to turn away. This would be a job for
that damn dragonslayer, after all‘ We got more incoming!’ Ren barked out. ‘ A school of really big fish, port side!’
‘ Ergh – tuna?’ Morgana groaned out.
The Lancer could only blink at the non-sequitur, then shook her head. Not the time. She
rushed to the starboard side and pushed open one of the portholes. Squinting, she could
barely make out their silhouettes in the dark waves of the storm. Firing at them precisely
would be impossible. There needed to be a shower in a wide field, with enough force to kill
them on strikeShe whipped around to the cannon and once more loaded it with spears while simultaneously
pushing it to the bulwark. Placing her hand on the touch hole, she concentrated her flames
deep within again, this time at a faster pace as she already knew how it felt. With a roar, she
released the flames again, sending the spears rocketing and spraying in the general direction
of where she spotted the fish. She squinted her eyes but couldn’t see any of the fish, alive or
dead. Did she miss…?
‘ All those fish were shot down in one go!’ Ren crowed out. ‘ Whoever’s manning the
cannons, great shot!’
‘It was me, dumbass!’ Joan barked back, scowling as she got the cannon back in place while
fighting against the tilt of the ship. It seemed her lesson about the grapeshot was well worth
it. ‘ Save the praise for later! Are there more incoming?!’
There was a brief pause, then Ren called out, ‘ Two more schools, starboard!’
The Lancer nodded and raced to the other cannons. At least this was more her speed.
Fighting on a ship wasn’t anything new to Siegfried – the sea held countless dangers, be they
human, natural, or supernatural. Neither was fighting slews of monsters – he had done so
plenty of times and had even slain a dragon, using its blood to attain near invulnerability. And

as strong as he was, even he was at the mercy of the climate: Be it sun, cloud, rain, or storm,
he had fought under all of them. It made things trickier at times, but he had managed and
triumphed in the end.
That said, it certainly was incredibly uncommon for all these aspects to be thrown at him at
once. His grieves dug into the soaked, wooden deck of the ship as he raised Balmung again,
cleaving the spearheads of two fishmen before slicing off their heads. Whirling about, he
brought his greatsword down and sliced yet another one in half vertically before deflecting
the questing tips of a trident. His blade sliced through flesh as easily as it did the howling
winds, his senses tuning out the rain as they honed in on the enemies around him.
As the ship listed again, he frowned as he wrapped the cord around his free hand tighter,
holding on tight as he dug his feet in. Glancing up to see a fishman sliding toward him, he
lifted Balmung in an arc – and two halves of the fishman flew right past him into the ocean
below. It seemed none of these fishmen could use magecraft or bore fire, a fact he was
thankful for – he had made sure to secure the gunpowder stores before racing up to join the
fight. If they had been set off, nothing would be left of the ship.
Still, it was troubling. He had cut down scores of these fishmen already, but for every one he
had dispatched, another easily took its place. Mash had already warned him that many more
were still climbing the ship and these numbers seemed interminable. He spared a brief glance
at his Master Ritsuka at the captain’s side before turning his attention back. It was a battle of
attrition for everyone aboard. He hoped they all would last.
There was a harsh, hissing roar that echoed over the clamor of the storm, drawing the
dragonslayer’s attention. ‘ The sea serpent’s jumping!’ Ren roared. ‘ It’s gonna hit the deck!’
Siegfried frowned. Grabbing the fishman he had been engaging and flinging him off the side
of the ship, he began making his way to the middle of deck just as the beast crashed down on
the ship, causing it to list and sink almost dangerously before buoying back up, the waves
around it crashing and sending seawater spraying everywhere.
Though not a gargantuan creature, the sea serpent was still large: Enough to cover a large
portion of the middeck, its lengthy body broad with muscle and power. Its scales glimmered
with the flash of lightning, illuminating its fangs as its eyes glared balefully down at
everyone below. Its sinewy length slithered and coiled as the claws along its body found
purchase on the wooden deck, its baleful eyes scanning its surroundings while its nostrils
flared.
Then it darted with lightning speed at a sailor with its jaws agape, faster than the man had
any time to react. Then Mash intercepted the beast barely in time, sliding back from the force
of the serpent and nearly colliding with the man behind her. “P-Please fall back!” she shouted
at the sailor. The sailor gulped and immediately retreated without argument. With the sailor’s
safety assured, she turned her attention back to the serpentOnly for it to lunge straight at another sailor at inhuman speeds. Mash’s eyes widened in
horror – then a barrage of magical blasts forestalled it just long enough for Martha to
intercept it in turn. The serpent hissed, glaring hatefully at the saint as it reared up to strike.
Then it swiveled around and wove as it dodged a chop from Balmung, letting out a roar in

defiance at Siegfried before lunging at him. The dragonslayer knocked it away with a
backhand, allowing it to coil around the mainmast, its claws digging it as tis fangs shone in
the lightning.
Then the ship listed again as a wave swelled right underneath it. The sailors, with their
attentions all occupied on the beast, slipped and fell, only saved by the cords they had tied
around themselves for their safety – the cords that rapidly became an execution noose as they
lay helpless, their boots clambering futilely for purchase against the soaked deck.
The serpent leaped down at an incredible speed with a roar of triumph, only barely dodging
out of the way of Siegfried’s blade as Mash charged in with a war cry, bringing her shield
down on the serpent’s midsection still wrapped around the mastAnd bounced off.
The Shielder’s eyes widened in surprise as her weapon was repelled – and couldn’t react in
time as the creature’s body rapidly uncoiled like a spring and, using its body like a lash,
struck her hard. The demi-Servant was sent rocketing back into the wall of the captain’s
cabin, crashing with enough force to crack the reinforced lumber as she coughed up blood.
“MASH!” Ritsuka screamed in alarm before her eyes spun back in rage at the serpent, who
eyed the fallen Shielder hungrily. ‘ Siegfried, Martha!’ she commanded. ‘ Corral and keep
that damn serpent to the center! Protect the sailors as best you can while I heal Mash!’
‘ Understood, Master!’ Siegfried acknowledged as he charged in. The serpent turned and
dodged at the last moment with a venomous hiss as it sped off before altering its course again
thanks to another barrage of magic orbs from Martha.
Turning again, it found another sailor who was pressing himself against the railing in panic
and lunged – a move read by Siegfried and brought his blade down toward the creature’s
neck. It only narrowly escaped death by twisting away in a move of supreme agility and
reflexes before being suddenly rammed aside by a resurgent Mash. Before anybody could
capitalize on it, the ship listed to the side again from another swell, forcing the Servants to
maintain their footing while the serpent’s claws found purchase on the wood and regained its
balance.
The three Servants rapidly positioned themselves and shepherded the feral creature to the
middle of the ship. The Golden Hind was a narrow ship, enough that Siegfried and Martha
could easily block the serpent from moving past them as it coiled again around the mainmast,
glaring hatefully while letting out another hissing roar.
However, despite their strength, the Servants could move no closer: If they approached to
dispatch the serpent, it would simply weave past them to reach the far more vulnerable
sailors. Like any predator, it wasn’t looking for a fight – it was looking for a meal. They were
at a stalemate, something they couldn’t afford in the storm.
Then something massive leaped out of the sea with a gigantic splash, its great roar eclipsing
that of the storm – and the stalemate was broken in the form of Tarrasque.

If there had been any part of the ship that was experiencing the worst of the storm, it would
be the crow’s nest. The gale-force winds of the storm pushed the location unnervingly to and
fro with the lumbers creaking ominously each time. Whenever the ship listed, the nest tilted
and fell alarmingly close to the sea, to the point where both David and Ren had to cling for
dear life to avoid getting tossed out. Lightning struck incredibly close at times at the absolute
tip, with only Medea’s protections preventing the entire mast from exploding into pieces.
The Phantom Thief rubbed at his eyes both to get the rainwater out and to alleviate the stress.
He had been using his Third Eye the entire time to help keep watch. The sea below was
teeming with glowing red figures of enemies approaching while the storm clouds above all
glowed a solid, bright red as far as he could see. It made distinguishing the birds that
assaulted them from above hard to pick out. As fit as he was, his muscles ached from trying
to keep him within and the stress of the situation.
He glanced down, trying to check on the status of the serpent that had boarded their ship,
watching it dodge in and out while the blue figures of his friends and the sailors did what
they could to either intercept or avoid it. “They’re having a tough time down there!” Ren
called out to David over his shoulder. “I’m going to help them out!”
David gave a forced smile in response. “That wouldn’t be advisable,” he replied before
flinging his staff sling. The projectile shot through the air like a tiny comet before piercing
yet another storm bird, causing it to dissipate into vapor and lightning. “Someone needs to
keep a lookout and while I’m happy you’ve confidence in my abilities, I’ll admit I’m a bit
more preoccupied than I expected!”
The Phantom Thief frowned as he lifted his pistol and took a few potshots through the
unending rain. Even with his prodigious aim, it was extremely difficult to get a good bead on
any of the birds under his current circumstances. And as prolific an Archer David was, he
couldn’t fire at a rapid pace with his sling. For every bird he shot down, it seemed like three
more took its place. While he could use his speed enchantments on David, it wouldn’t make
up for the difference – there simply were too many swarming in.
Ren chuckled to himself. Archer’s ability to shoot swords and arrows like they were bug
spray would’ve been greatly appreciated right about now.
The ship began listing again, forcing the Phantom Thief to snag hold of the side for dear life
as his safety cord dug hard into his waist. A trio of storm birds rushed up screeching, their
talons bared. “Arsene!” he called out, tearing the mask off his face as his inner self exploded
once more into being. With a swipe of his claw, the Pillager of Twilight shred through the
birds before dissipating, with the Phantom Thief shielding his face as they exploded in front
of him. His mana reserves were still decent despite Martha keeping out Tarrasque the entire
time, but they weren’t bottomless – something had to be done.
Then something new caught his attention – what sounded like jangling metal scraping against
each other. A hideous sound that Ren could only compare with that one time someone
thought it’d be a good idea to scratch the chalkboard back in Shujin. Turning toward the
source of the noise, he squinted as lightning flashed – and saw larger birds flying towards
them. It was always birds. “David, we’ve incoming!” he called out over the winds. “From the
stern!”

David turned. “Hm, these seem a bit different than the others,” he noted cautiously as he
readied his sling. “Keep your head down, just in case.”
Ren nodded as he made a mental announcement. ‘ We got new birds incoming,’ he reported. ‘
Bigger ones, though we don’t know how dangerous they are-‘ Just then, a metallic feather
burst through the thin wood of the crow’s nest only a few inches from the Phantom Thief’s
face. ‘ Correction,’ he amended . ‘They can shoot metallic feathers at us - sharp and strong
enough to pierce wood even in this storm.’ He poked at the feather with the tip of his gun. For
some reason, they sounded familiar…
Then to his surprise, there was a sense of impending alarm from Medea. ‘ Those are
Stymphalian birds!’ she quickly reported. ‘ I’m providing further protections to the ship.
Keep your head down – those feathers can shred any creature in mere moments and love
nothing more than to feast on people.’
‘So same as always,’ Ren couldn’t help but joke. Looking back up, he noticed David holding
his shoulder. ‘Stymphalian birds!’ he called out. ‘Razor sharp feathers! Medea’s further
increasing her protections on the ship!’ After he finished relegating the information, he
switched masks in his mind.
‘Pixie!’
The diminutive fairy persona appeared once more. As it pointed at David, the Servant glowed
green while the wound on his shoulder sealed up. The Archer rolled his shoulder and nodded.
“So more birds,” he acknowledged as he readied his sling. “And this far from the sea too.
This storm’s just full of surprises.” With a quick motion, the Archer flung his sling again, the
projectile shooting a hole straight through the bird and caving in the skull of the one right
behind it.
The Phantom Thief chanced a glance over the edge of the nest. The Stymphalian birds were
surprisingly mechanical. They shrieked, their metallic cries only barely audible over the
howling wind as they tried to shoot more feathers at them. As they approached, the feathers
seemed to wobble in the air before being blown away, vanishing into the unending curtain of
rain and wind. Wait, why were they mechanical?
He dismissed the thought for now. There would be time later to think about it. Meanwhile, he
could also see more of the storm birds flying toward them as well. At this rate, they would be
swarmed and lose by sheer attrition. Unless…
He glanced at the number of birds around them. Sending out a Persona to deal with them
would be the most efficient method of culling them. The problem was twofold: Distance and
energy cost. There were simply too many and too far out. Keeping out a persona in this storm
would be incredibly difficult. Fafnir would have no problems, but a persona as powerful as it
would rapidly drain his magical energy.
Sliding back down, he clung on to the rope as the ship rocked as he sifted through his mental
list of personas. Succubus, Archangel, Metatron… there were plenty to choose from, but
finding the right one for the job proved difficult. He needed something that could resist the
weather and not be a huge expenditure on his mana reserves…

‘ Contractor.’
A mask called out to him, one he hadn’t considered appeared in his mind’s eye. Knowing
immediately who it was, he couldn’t help but smile despite the lashing rain and wind bearing
down on him still. ‘ It’s been a while, hasn’t it?’ he asked.
‘ It has. My strength and power are yours to command, as they are before.’
The Phantom Thief grinned. ‘ I’ll take you up on that then,’ he immediately accepted,
staggering back up through the storm as he placed the mask back on his face once more.
Staring sharply at the birds, he tore off the mask as his roar echoed over the howling wind.
“Phoenix!”
With a flash of blue flame, a magnificent creature burst into being: A bird bedecked with
brilliant red plumage, gleaming brightly even in the darkness of the storm. Its yellow crest
and green neck feathers were resplendent as lightning flashed, illuminating its glory. David’s
eyes widened in surprise but otherwise didn’t seem too surprised while the other birds that
still swarmed around them shrieked and cawed in anger and defiance at the new intruder.
“Didn’t expect another guest!” the Archer yelled, quickly grabbing hold of the mast as a
stronger gust blew by. “But he’s certainly a welcome sight around here!”
“That’s not all he can do,” Ren couldn’t help but laugh. With a mental command, the persona
lit itself entirely on fire, blazing like a meteor as it soared in circles around the crow’s nest. A
wave crashed up against the Golden Hind and as the water splashed at the Phoenix, it
immediately evaporated into hissing steam as the bird crowed in triumph. His work with
Olga had certainly paid off – he never imagined using his personas like this back in Tokyo.
He sagged against the soaked wood as he grimaced. Phoenix was more of a draw on his
magical energy than he expected. As it was, he couldn’t send it much further than orbiting
around the crow’s nest. Good for protection, and the flames as he expected were drawing the
attention of the other birds, but that was it. David was doing his utmost, but he wouldn’t be
able to shoot them all down. He needed more.
‘ Medea?’ he called out over the mental link.
‘ Master? What is it?’ the Caster asked.
‘ I have a persona I’d like you to take a look at,’ he requested, trying to maintain his
concentration between the draw of magical energy and the fierce tilting of the ship. ‘ If you
can strengthen or reinforce it so I can keep supplying magical energy to it at farther
distances, that would be great.’
‘ Most familiars normally do not require such a tenuous link or supply,’ Medea mused. ‘
What on…’ There was a brief pause in her speech, then followed by an arid sigh. ‘ I am not
going to question why you have a facsimile of a phoenix summoned,’ she muttered. ‘ I will
see what I can do on my end. Do not be careless.’

Ren couldn’t help but imagine Makoto saying something similar. ‘ No promises,’ he replied
before cutting off the communication. Raising his gun again, he aimed carefully through the
downpour and fired at the collected birds. A few of his shots found their mark, destroying
storm birds before he was forced to throw himself down onto the soaked lumber as the
Stymphalian birds sent another barrage of razor-sharp feathers, beginning to splinter even the
reinforced wood of the Hind.
The blazing Phoenix orbited around them like a brilliant comet, drawing the attention of both
the Stymphalian storm birds. Many of them dove in to attack the Persona, leaving them wide
open to being shot down by either David or Ren. However, that was all it could do – the ship
bucked again from a wave, nearly breaking the Phantom Thief’s concentration as he held on
to the nest for dear life before ducking underneath a swooping storm bird. David standing
openly to use his sling was one thing, but he couldn’t afford to break out of cover.
Raising his gun, he aimed and fired through the storm - and smirked with satisfaction as his
bullet deflected a Stymphalian bird feather that had been flying straight for his face.
Lightning flashed closely followed by the loud boom of thunder, causing him to wince after.
He hoped Medea would be able to find a solution or at least give him something he could
work with.
After a tense, harrowing moment that felt both quick and an eternity, Medea finally
responded. ‘ I have reinforced the concept of the Phoenix on your projection,’ she announced.
‘ It should now possess its mythical regenerative abilities. Its conceptual foundation is
remarkably well established for a construct, with its structure incredibly similar to the actual
creature. It certainly made my work far more fruitful than I had expected.’
Through the analysis, Ren could hear the skepticism and suspicion in the witch’s tone. ‘ Well,
that’s good to hear,’ he replied, deciding to ignore her tone while privately remembering to
thank Olga for her work at the first opportunity. ‘ Anything else I should be aware of?’
The Caster was silent, then continued with her report. ‘ Unfortunately, I am not able to
stabilize the flow of mana toward your projection,’ she replied. ‘ The irregularities of the
storm is making the connection tenuous as is. If you are expecting to control it any further
than your immediate vicinity, then I would recommend you give up on the prospect. It is not
feasible.’
‘That so,’ Ren mused as he ducked down from another storm of razor-sharp feathers. The
firebirds' impressive resilience was certainly helpful, but they did not make it a solution to
their problem. They were still stuck here with Phoenix as a lure, taking potshots at the swarm
that constantly harried themAll at once, a flash of mad inspiration struck him, one that had him grinning madly even as
the ship listed again while the howling wind and rain lashed against his face. If that was the
case, as he slowly staggered up against the wrath of the storm, then all he had to do was get
closer to the problem itself – in this case, literally.
“Hold the fort, will you, David?” he called over the gale. The Archer turned in question – and
his eyes widened in shock and horror as the Phantom Thief vaulted himself over the edge of
the crow’s nest-

And right onto the awaiting back of the Phoenix, who flew as steadily as Fafnir did, as
though it was ignoring the wrath of the storm entirely. The air and its feathers were incredibly
warm, yet not uncomfortably so – the flames seemed to even wrap around him like a
protective blanket, warding off the worst of wind and rain. Even though it was a projection
and a part of him, he could feel the sinews and strength of his persona in his grip. It was
reassuring.
“Alright, let’s get to work, Phoenix,” he called out. The flaming bird crowed in eager
agreement and flew off, blazing like a meteor towards a Stymphalian bird. Being on its back
meant Ren had absolutely no problems continuing to funnel mana into his persona, allowing
him to take full advantage of its strength and speed.
The Stymphalian bird shrieked in rage, its cry clear even over the crashing waves and
booming thunder. Reading itself up, it flapped its wings and sent another barrage of razor
feathers that sliced through the storm winds, speeding straight toward Phoenix. Ren could
barely pick them out – gleams of bright red among the maelstrom of colors in his Third Eye,
and smirked.
Moving with his will, Phoenix wove around the feathers with almost effortless grace as the
rain battered down on it, creating a near constant wreath of steam. And even through a
handful of the feathers finding their mark in the persona, carving furrows into its body, it
blazed on unphased.
Ren squinted his eyes through the steam and howling winds at the wounds. The flames
danced and wreathed in defiance and pride as they rapidly sealed up, almost as though they
were cauterized. The Phantom Thief grinned as he ducked even lower into Phoenix’s
feathers, the wind of the storm blowing past above him.
Lightning flashed as Phoenix closed the distance on the Stymphalian bird, illuminating the
panicked features of the mechanical being. Descending with a fury, the persona shrieked as
its talons dove down into the metal, tearing and melting it apart as the bird tried in vain to
escape. Its mechanical cries echoed above the storm, calling for its peers for rescue.
The Phantom Thief glanced up, seeing the silhouettes of more birds approaching through the
curtain of splashing waves, rain, and steam. Ducking back down, he narrowly dodged a
feather from slicing off his head. He needed to work quickly.
“ My wings shall rupture the chains of rebellion!” he snarled as he tore off the mask in his
mind. Green, glowing lines appeared throughout his body, visible in the darkness of the
storm. He hissed as the drain on his energy increased while the freezing rain battered his
overheating body. Clenching his hands into fists, he forced his mind through the pain.
Turning to the Phoenix, he sent one mental command to itAnd the persona completely froze in place like a statue, uncaring of the howling, devouring
storm all around it. The Stymphalian bird, still clutched in its talons, feebly struggled to
escape its grip, but the Phoenix’s claws didn’t move even an iota. It was utterly trapped –
exactly what Ren needed.
“Your feathers are pretty sharp, aren’t they?”

Vaulting off the Phoenix’s shoulder as it flipped upside down, he rapidly fired a grappling
hook into the Stymphalian bird with a mental quip. He watched with a small amount of worry
as it darted forward – and gave a quick breath of relief as it managed to reach the bird and
hook in place before reeling him in. The persona’s wings had wrapped on either side around
the bird, blocking off the worst of the winds and rain from either side, though they still
wound their way around and threatened to blow him away if he let his guard down.
“Hope you won’t mind if I borrow a few!”
Reaching over, he seized two feathers and, with a shriek of metal audible even over the
booming thunder and crash of waves, tore them off. Whirling around, he tossed the feathers
at the Phoenix, almost slipping off the rain-soaked metallic bird as he did so. When the
feathers reached the Persona, they landed flat against its body before shifting its positioning
with the flames, quickly traveling to either end of the creature’s great wings.
Detaching the grappling rope from the Stymphalian bird, he began clambering back up onto
Phoenix, who descended slightly to make it easier for him. As he did so, he spotted a circle of
storm birds circling nearby, awaiting an opportunity to attack. Ren bit back a curse and
climbed with redoubled speed, almost getting blasted off by the howling gale as he crested
over Phoenix’s back.
Just as he situated himself, a storm bird swooped in, its talons made of lightning flashing like
a bolt as they sought the Phantom Thief’s back. Its quarry was within its reach, ready to
pierce and burn through cloth, flesh, and bone alikeOnly to hit empty air as Phoenix dived away with surprising agility. Flying around the mast,
it quickly picked up speed as it gained altitude once more – and darted toward the storm bird,
a fierce cry echoing from its beak. The storm bird shrieked back in response and dove toward
the flaming bird in turn. As they approached, the persona suddenly swooped to the side with
its wings outstretched. They passed each other by… and the storm bird split in two before
dissipating into vapor and thunder as the Stymphalian bird feathers gleamed like stars on
persona’s wingtips.
Ren glanced by him with a smirk and patted the Phoenix on the neck as he glared at the other
birds through the downpour. This wasn’t over yet.
“Time to dance,” the Phantom Thief declared.
Phoenix shrieked in agreement, blazing even more brightly as it took to the skies in complete
defiance of the storm roaring all around it. Spinning upward, it spread its wings in blazing
grandeur, then dove like a meteor. Rain hissed, spluttered, and evaporated into steam, leaving
a cloudy trail behind as it bore down on the packs of Stymphalian and storm birds. They
reared themselves up, preparing to swarm on this brash newcomerThen a gleaming projectile, shooting far faster and far brighter than a comet, sped right
through them, punching out holes and their bodies, wings, and heads. The birds turned in
confusion at David who simply smiled as he rapidly reloaded his staff sling, grateful for the
opening to shoot them down.

Before the birds could regroup, Ren and the Phoenix were among them, spinning like a
demonic whirlwind and cutting them down in droves. A few storm birds managed to escape
and dove for Phoenix’s back, only to be mowed down by Ren at point-blank range as his
blood-red eyes gleamed amidst the fire and lightning.
As they cut down the birds, Ren couldn’t help but laugh in elation. The flash of lightning and
booming thunder were blinding and deafening. The frigid waves soaked him to the bone as
the rain and wind lashed against his numb body, his clothes sticking to his skin. He burned
from within and without as his circuits kept pouring out magical energy while the Phoenix’s
flames blazed fiercely all around him. His muscles ached from the strain of keeping him from
getting tossed away like a leaf in this cataclysmic.
It had been a long time since he felt so alive.
More Stymphalian birds flew towards them with defiant shrieks before they sent another
barrage of razor-sharp feathers towards them. By Ren’s will, Phoenix dove towards them
while gracefully dodging the bulk of the projectiles. Not all of them, however – some still
found their mark, slicing and gouging into the persona’s body. As the persona closed the
distance and sliced them up, the Phantom Thief checked on the Phoenix. The wounds quickly
burst into flame and sealed up without even so much as a scar remaining.
Ren’s grin widened. He would have to thank Medea and Olga after this for their work.
They continued their work – much of the time, Phoenix dove in to eviscerate the birds before
they could properly retaliate, its flames melting and destroying their supernatural bodies.
David maintained cover fire in the crow’s nest, picking off any that tried to attack from an
angle neither Ren nor the Phoenix could see. Sometimes, he would lure them into chasing
him before lining them up perfectly for the Archer to shoot them down.
After gunning down the last current Stymphalian bird, he looked around. Maybe it was his
imagination but it felt like the storm was letting up – the winds weren’t as ferocious and the
waves seemed to be dwindling. After dealing with the fishmen and the sea serpent, they
should be able to handle the rest‘ Master, incoming!’
Medea’s panicked warning immediately jolted his mind as he activated his reinforcement –
but not right as a lightning bolt crashed down almost right on top of him. Ren was flattened
against his persona from the sheer force as electricity arched through his body, feeling like
millions of red-hot iron spears were piercing through his body. He could barely move or
speak, and even thinking was agony. It was a minor miracle Phoenix hadn’t dissipated. With
an agonizing mental command, he forced Phoenix to lift his wingsAnd the pain almost immediately vanished. Breathing a small sigh of relief, he glanced over
at the lightning sparking over to the tips of Phoenix’s wings, where the Stymphalian bird
feathers were situated. He had been struck for only a split second, yet in that time he felt like
his body had been tossed into a grinder. The crow’s nest should be clear right about now, at
least.

Then there was a loud pop like a firecracker went off right next to his ear. Turning, his eyes
widened in alarm to see one of Phoenix’s wings explode from the lightning. With a startled
cry, it began freefalling, desperately flapping its remaining wing. The stump where the wing
was blasted off was regenerating rapidly in a blaze of fire, but it was still too slow and they
were falling too fast. Ren tried to command Phoenix to stop, but a jolt of pain ran through his
body and disrupted his concentration as he gasped in agony.
Seizing hold of the Persona, he aimed for the ship to make a crash landing on the deck and
braced himself as the deck of the ship came up faster and faster. As the Phoenix collided with
the deck, it shattered into motes of magical energy and threw Ren off. He gasped as he hit the
deck and slid along its soaked wood before crashing hard against the railing, hard enough to
knock the breath out of him – and send him almost flying off the side into the dark oceans
below. He could faintly hear Mash screaming out his name. Or was it his imagination…?
Suddenly, he felt something gripping his arm and pull him in. He blearily looked up to see
Mash’s fearful face. “S-senpai!” she called out in concern before pulling him up. “A-are you
okay?” The Phantom Thief looked over – she was pale and shaky. While she still looked fit to
fight, it was clear she had been better.
He was about to answer when a crash of metal interrupted him. He glanced over to see
Siegfried slash out at the serpent as it tried to lunge for them, only for the creature to retreat
away with a frustrated hiss. “I’m fine, Mash,” he reassured the Shielder as he turned back to
her. Switching masks, he tore it off once more. “Pixie,” he called out. The little fairy-like
persona came into being again and pointed, healing the both of them. He sighed as the
stinging pain of the lightning faded into cool relief. “Feeling better?”
The Shielder blinked, then nodded. “Y-yes, thank you,” she replied with a small bow of
gratitude.
Ren nodded. “Good,” he sighed as he relaxed – then an explosion of water beside him caught
their attention. Looking over, his eyes widened in surprise as Tarrasque leaped out of the
water with a mighty roar, catching everyone by surprise. It crashed onto the boat, tilting it
dangerously to one side and causing Drake to curse vehemently as she spun the shipwheel to
compensate.
The serpent hissed in surprise and whirled to face the new threat, but the dragon was faster –
it snagged the creature by the tale, causing it to squeak in surprise and began spinning in
place, ponderously at first, yet rapidly gaining speed. The Servants quickly had the sailors
back up to get out of the way while Mash moved in front of Ren with her shield raised, ready
to protect him if it was necessary.
Faster and faster Tarrasque went until the pair were nothing more than a blur of color. The
whirlwind shifted slightly and with a sickening crunch, the serpent’s head smashed hard
against the mainmast. The wood groaned and creaked from the impact, to the point where it
was a minor miracle it didn’t break. Finally, with one final spin, the dragon hurled the serpent
into the skies. They only heard an outraged hissing roar as it shrunk into the shadowed
heavens above and disappeared with the oncoming sunlight.

“Well, that’s one problem sorted at least,” Martha commented, walking up to them.
“Excellent work, Tarrasque.” The dragon-like creature let out a barking roar in
acknowledgement before diving back into the water.
The Phantom Thief could only watch the entire scene play out before finally falling on his
back, to the shock of others, as both exhaustion and amusement overtook him. His laughter
lifted high into the air over the dying wind and rain as the waves finally calmed down. A
ridiculous way to cap off his first foray into the high seas.
They had weathered the storm.
Over the course of the next half hour, the storm diminished. The ship-sized waves that
threatened to topple the ship were reduced to simply turbulent currents rocking the boat
about, barely able to reach the upper holds. The winds died down considerably, rendering the
downpour of rain at least merely unpleasant instead of a threat. Sunlight was just beginning
to break through the clouds, a warm sign of victory over their trial.
There was much to do in terms of clean-up. Joan had vanished back into the lower holds to
help further seal any holes and breaches in the hull as the crew continued bailing out water.
Martha had joined some of the other crew to go over their food stocks and see what they
could salvage. Even Siegfried had been busy with transporting damaged cannons for repair.
The bodies of the fishmen were tossed overboard (though there were one or two jokes about
retaining them for food instead) while their spears and tridents were collected. They appeared
to be made out of solid bronze, which would fetch a good price – something that made Drake
very happy. Ren himself was wandering the ship with reinforced hands, plucking
Stymphalian bird feathers from throughout the ship.
“Why are you collecting so many feathers, senpai?” Mash curiously as she hauled another
fishman corpse over the side.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “We could probably do something with these,” he answered.
“And even if we can’t… well, better to have them than not. When it comes to being a
Phantom Thief, you never overlook a chance to collect free treasure.”
“Is that so,” the Shielder asked, blinking owlishly as she looked over the feathers. Well, there
was the old saying ‘waste not, want not’. If her senpai believed they would be of use, then
she would learn from him and see what can be done with it. Maybe Da Vinci would have
some ideas…?
Meanwhile, Ritsuka kept fiddling with the cord tied around her waist. It kept slipping through
her grasp and though it was loose, it still felt constricting to the point where it was difficult to
breathe. Her utterly soaked clothes clung tightly to her skin, exacerbating the sensation. Her
breathing was ragged as dark fog seemed to crawl in from the edges of her vision as once
again, the cord slipped through her nerveless fingers. Biting back a curse, she reached over to
try and untie it yet again-

A blade flashed out and easily sliced the cord from around her waist. Before she could even
react, a hand grasped underneath her chin and yanked her face up into the analyzing
countenance of Drake. “Hm, got the shakes, eh?” the captain mused, looking her over. “Not
too surprised – most landlubbers and new blood get them during or after their first storm.
They can’t do much during.”
The Master blinked several times and forced out a small laugh of embarrassment. “S-sorry
about that,” she murmured. “Like you said, it’s my first storm. There was a lot going on, with
all the wind and rain and thunder and waves. Then there were the fishmen and the serpent as
well, coupled with all those birds above. It was just really loud and noisy everywhere, which
i-isn’t great when I’m trying to also figure out what the s-situation was. Th-there’s still a lot
to l-learn on my part, I guess, and I haven’t been doing much here s-so I should help out-“
Her rambling was forestalled by Drake reaching over and flicking her in the forehead.
“Knock it off,” she growled. “You’re in no shape to do anything else right now. I’ve seen it
before – ya can’t get rid of the shakes that easily. Head down to the mess and get yourself a
stiff drink. You earned it after all ya did during the storm. If they argue, tell ‘em I sent ya.”
Ritsuka’s eyes widened. “Huh?” she spluttered. “Er, I d-don’t drink. And I can’t do that, not
while everyone else is busy around here. Just-just give me a bit and I should be able to at
least help out with something. Maybe hauling those fishmen or-or joining Joan with the
carpentry work or something-“
“Oi, Joker!” the captain suddenly called out to the side. The girl froze mid-speech again to
see Ren had climbed up to the rear deck with a handful of metallic feathers. When he looked
over, Drake nodded over to Ritsuka. “She’s got the shakes something fierce and she don’t
drink,” she explained. “Help me out with her, will ya?”
“I’m fine, I-I’m fine,” the Master quickly denied as Ren walked stepped toward her in
concern. “Just, er, give me a bit and I’ll get back to work in no time. I didn’t exactly d-do
much during the storm so I can’t exactly sit around while everyone else is working hard right
now, right?”
Drake scowled at her – then Ren sighed. “Well to be honest, I can,” he stated bluntly before
plopping himself down next to some railing. “I’m exhausted. Don’t suppose you mind
keeping me company for a bit, Ritsu?”
Ritsuka gaped, staring at Ren for a moment, before Drake guffawed. “Always the clown
aren’t ya, Joker?” she remarked. “Fine, fine. But you better not slack off to much, or I’ll be
putting all that energy ya recovered to good use. Go on, get over there and sit – don’t need
your shakes pitchin’ you overboard.”
“Wha- I’m not-!” she spluttered, only for the captain to walk away, laughing heartily as she
went to check on the others. The girl could only whirl back to Ren, who was doing his utmost
to hold a straight face as he simply tapped on the spot beside him. Ritsuka hesitated, then
finally let out a small sigh of frustration before sitting down beside him, clutching her knees
to her chest.

Ren smiled before resting his head against the wooden rail behind him. “Hell of a storm,” he
commented.
“Yeah,” Ritsuka quietly agreed. “I thought storms were bad when I’m just inside on dry land.
On a ship in the middle of the ocean… not so much.”
The Phantom Thief nodded in agreement. “Tokyo storms could get pretty bad at times too,”
he replied. “Though they usually pass by quickly. This one felt a bit longer. Don’t suppose
you checked the time?”
Ritsuka blinked, then checked her communicator. “Um… no, I didn’t,” she sheepishly
admitted. “I was so worried about the storm that I honestly didn’t think to check the time. Mmaybe we should contact Chaldea, see if they know?”
“Hm, maybe later,” he answered, sitting back. “For now, I say we just enjoy the quiet for a
bit.”
“If you say-“ There was a sudden clatter, causing Ritsuka to jump like a startled hare with a
yelp as Ren looked behind him more casually at the source of the noise. One of the crew
members had slipped and dropped a load of lumber onto the deck, with Drake yelling at him
for his incompetence. The former, meanwhile, was holding a hand over her chest, taking deep
breaths. Her heart felt like it was about to tear out of her ribs.
Ren turned back and glanced in concern at Ritsuka, reaching over to place a gentle hand on
her shoulder. “Holding up?” he gently asked.
The girl looked back up in surprise at Ren, two answers already clawing at her throat: Either
to reassure him she was fine or to sarcastically ask if she seemed fine to him. But both
answers died as she stared into his grey, earnest eyes. A gaze that always felt like it could see
whatever act or mask she wanted to put up, no matter how hard she tried to. He genuinely
wanted to know so he could help her, just like he had done before. Just like he always had.
She couldn’t help but feel both appreciative and bitter at that.
Ritsuka let out a small, resentful chuckle. “N-not exactly,” she admitted, hoping she could get
away with at least a lie by omission. “I’m just a little shaky is all. L-lotta stuff going on in the
storm, you know? I think the term is, uh, sensory overload or something? Probably a good
thing I didn’t have much of a breakfast or I would’ve thrown everything back up. Make even
more of a mess everyone would have to clean up. But I’ll be ok!” She forced a broad grin and
puffed out her chest performatively before dwindling back to silence, holding her knees
close.
The Phantom Thief said nothing, momentarily withdrawing his hand and staring up at the
clouds still looming overhead, albeit now grey and overcast instead of dark and stormy.
“Guess we’re not cut out to be pirates, huh?” he commented lightly.
There was a painful pang in her heart as she genuinely laughed. He was even better at being
funny on command than her too. “Not me, but you? You’d fit right in,” she retorted with a
grin. “You’re the one who drank three barrels of alcohol straight, and that was after getting

into a duel with Drake. If anything, I’m surprised you’re not the one throwing up even once
after all that plus the storm.”
“Please don’t remind me,” Ren groaned, clutching at his own belly. “I never thought I would
drink, and I definitely didn’t think my first time drinking would be three barrels at once.”
“… You certainly don’t do things in half measures, do you?”
The Phantom Thief grinned. “I think the saying goes, ‘if it’s worth doing, it’s worth
overdoing,’” he replied cheekily.
Ritsuka simply rolled her eyes in exasperation. “Just because it fits doesn’t mean you need to
apply it, you know,” she groused. As they talked, she couldn’t help but feel an odd sensation.
Like a weight was being lifted off her shoulders… while something simultaneously sank into
her stomach like a lump of lead.
She glanced over her shoulder and saw Mash working with the other crew members to
double-check and secure the rigging, particularly the ropes that had been blown away during
the storm. “Never thought I’d see Mash working so diligently on a pirate ship,” she mused,
attempting to distract herself. “Though I suppose I shouldn’t be surprised.”
“What makes you say that?” Ren asked out of curiosity, turning to watch her as well.
“I mean, these days she’s the type to give her hundred percent in everything she’s interested
in,” she explained, trying to fend off the painful sting in her heart with her pride for her
friend. “Especially compared to before, where she didn’t do much of… well, anything. It
helps that she’s smart and tough too, and she can learn on the fly and adapt. Someone like her
would learn everything she could get her hands on and become all the better for it. I can
never say enough how amazing she is, really – and I’m pretty sure I say it all the time.”
“You do,” Ren agreed with a small smile. “But I agree with you there. Both of you have
come a long way.”
Ritsuka flinched but did her best to cover up her reaction by shaking her head. “… Nah, I’m
just someone who got caught up with all of… this.” She motioned to everything around her
for emphasis. “Heroes, monsters, and legends all around, first traveling through the Roman
Empire and now on a pirate ship. I’m out of my league here. You, Mashumallow, and
Morgana are practically tailor-made for this. Me? I’m honestly just hanging on by the seat of
my pants.”
She paused, the statement looming like a monolith in her mind, before she realized how
suspicious her sudden freeze might seem and forced herself to speak. “Anyway, I’m feeling
better,” she declared. “And I think I’ve taken a long enough break. Better get back to it!”
With that, she made to stand up — only to be stopped in place from even taking her first step
back towards her work as Ren took hold of her wrist.
“Wait a second, Ritsuka.”

The redhead turned in surprise as Ren staggered up. “I know at this point I’m pushing it after
asking you to sit with me,” he began. “But I need a favor from you.”
That, Ritsuka hadn’t expected whatsoever. Blinking in surprise, she nodded. “Er, sure,” she
replied hesitantly. “What do you need help with?”
The Phantom Thief smiled. A sudden flash of blue flame caused the girl to jump back in
surprise before fading into a rather familiar figure: A great white lion with a scorpion tail,
with surprisingly innocent yellow eyes. One she had seen plenty of times from Ren during
their time in the Roman singularity.
“I’m sure you’ve already met Cerberus here,” he explained. “I’ve been doing some work here
and there. Thanks to that, my personas have been displaying a bit more independence. While
I can keep a pretty good handle on them, I wanted to see how they act when they’re away
from me. Cerberus is the one with the most experience being out and about, so I thought I’d
start with him.”
As he rested a hand on the persona’s mane, Ritsuka could feel the purrs – or was it growls? –
vibrating through the boards. “Do you mind keeping an eye on him for me?” he asked. “Just
make sure he doesn’t get into any trouble or set some lumber on fire – pretty sure Joan will
kill me if the crew or Drake don’t first.”
Ritsuka stared at Ren, then at Cerberus (why the hell was the legendarily three-headed
hellhound a lion?), then back at Ren. Even by her standards, that felt like a rather hackneyed
excuse. If she remembered, personas were all parts of Ren, weren’t they? And he had enough
mastery of his mind and emotions that keeping them in check shouldn’t be an issue
whatsoever. Having her keep an eye on Cerberus would be redundant, wouldn’t it?
Then she inwardly sighed to herself. ‘ Who am I to argue with him? ’ she thought bitterly. It
wasn’t up to her to question him if Ren was asking a favor from her. She might as well make
herself useful.
“Sure, sounds good,” she agreed, forcing a lightness and even eagerness to her tone. “Just…
no promises I can keep him out of trouble. I’ve always had trouble with big dogs. More of
then than not, they walk me around.”
Ren laughed. “I’m sure Cerberus will be well behaved. Won’t you, boy?”
Cerberus trotted in place while letting out a mix between a roar and a happy bark. Ritsuka
couldn’t help but let out a laugh at how excitable and adorable the persona was. She knelt
down to ruffle the lion on both sides of its neck. “Who’s a good boy, who’s good boy,” she
cooed, unable to stop herself from smiling.
The persona closed its eyes in bliss, purring all the louder – then suddenly clamped down on
Ritsuka’s arm. The redhead cried in surprise. There wasn’t any pain – in fact, she was certain
it wasn’t using its fangs whatsoever – but its grip was strong as it began dragging her away.
“Wait, hold up, wait, wait!” she cried before looking over at a very amused Ren in
desperation. “Ren, help me!”

The Phantom Thief laughed. “You two have fun now,” he called out. “I’ll see you at dinner!”
“Traitor!” Ritsuka screeched indignantly before being dragged away, as even Drake and her
crew laughed at the girl’s misfortune. That was the last thing she could say before she was
pulled down into the hold – and saw Ren’s unreadable gaze on her before he vanished from
sight.
Cerberus continued pulling her down deep into the hold, moving past all the crew members
rushing past with their own tasks. Though Ritsuka couldn’t see her, she could hear Joan
yelling somewhere within for some nails. Then the persona turned another corner and
dragged her down another flight of stairs, and the clamor above immediately became quieter.
Through the hold they went, where people became far sparser. It was damp and dark,
smelling of sea salt and brine from the leaking earlier. At least it wasn’t flooded thanks to the
crew’s heroic efforts at bailing the water earlier. The creaking of lumber all around her
coupled with the swaying of the ship and the cramped corridors caused her throat to tighten,
but Cerberus continued dragging her on. She could only trust him at this point.
Finally, the persona stopped at one particular door. Rearing up, it placed its paws on the door
and pushed it open, revealing a surprisingly dry unused storeroom. Turning, it dragged
Ritsuka in and closed the door behind it. Before she could question Cerberus as to what it
was doing, it pushed her down before curling up on and around her, like the world’s biggest,
clingiest dog. Or cat. In this case, most likely both.
Ritsuka could only blink in surprise. The persona had surprisingly soft fur and was incredibly
warm to the touch – a huge relief from her utterly soaked, frigid clothes. It was dark and
musty in the storeroom, but unlike earlier it didn’t feel cramped at all. Rather, it felt… safe.
Was it because Cerberus was here? She doubted she would ever find this storeroom by
herself, nor would she try to hide in it for her own purposes even if she did.
She couldn’t help but smile as she reached up to pet Cerberus on the head. “You found this
place?” she whispered. “Good boy.” Cerberus quietly chuffed, letting out a low growling purr
of satisfaction.
Reclining back against Cerberus, she quietly started up at the ‘ceiling’ – or rather, the upper
deck – through the darkness and quiet. And in the quiet that brought out her thoughts, Ritsuka
couldn’t help but draw a comparison.
She had heard Ren say that his personas were him, and he them in turn. However, this was
perhaps the first time she truly understood what that meant. The Cerberus with her now was
warm, caring, and protective. Permeating a touching kindness even just in how it coiled itself
around her to support her weight.
And yet, none of that care disguised the power and awareness that underlined it. The slight
twitching of its tail and legs belied a potential for force to rip through solid metal. The rising
of its chest from its breath lifted her body’s full mass like she weighed nothing at all. And its
ears stood at full attention even with its eyes closed, pivoting to anything moving in their
direction.

She knew for certain in that moment, that if anything meant her harm, Ren and the hound that
embodied him would meet it with fangs bared and hellfire flaring long before it could ever
touch her.
She closed her eyes as she felt the weight on her heart drastically increase, becoming
suffocating. Maybe… maybe it had all been a mistake, trying to force herself so hard to catch
up to everyone. Ren was so much stronger than she could ever even imagine being, taking
even his failures as fuel to push even harder. It felt impossible to conceptualize herself
anywhere but his shadow.
But as her hand idly stroked Cerberus’s leg, feeling the warmth and strength underneath her
touch, a terrible thought came to her. Perhaps…that was enough? She didn’t have to do
anything else. She didn’t have to be anything else.
If who she was currently wasn’t needed, then maybe she could simply be whoever Ren
needed her to be, wanted her to be? She was good at that. It would be the easier answer,
maybe even the smarter one. The weight on her heart crushed down on her even more, but
that was fine. After all, if she leaned into the warmth she was still feeling right now hard
enough, she would get used to that too, right?
And yet...
‘ I’d say, the captain should do what his job needs him to do.’
She let out a tired breath as the confusion worsened. His words that evening, when she was at
a loss as to how to win against Archer’s supposedly unwinnable scenario, echoed through her
mind. His advice, as well as the words from many others in Chaldea, was how she had
managed to triumph in the end. She had almost given up on it, yet via stubbornness and
encouragement she had pushed on anyway. Some would call that blind luck – and in
retrospect, it definitely was – but she had succeeded regardless.
Still, that left simply left her in a lurch. In the end, what should she do? What could she do?
Her idol’s shadow loomed over every choice, dark and heavy, blocking even the slightest bit
of forethought. Her emotions and thoughts jumbled together into a morass, one she had no
idea how to even begin to untangle. Letting out a frustrated sigh, she buried her head into
Cerberus’s annoyingly fluffy fur and closed her eyes.
‘ I’m too tired to think about anything right now.’
The hellhound, as if sensing her distress, shifted a bit to better support and engulf her in its
warmth and softness. Ritsuka gently patted him, feeling the vibrations of its low growls and
purrs rumble through her body – a sensation that was as comforting as it was painful.
It had been an incredibly long day.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 119: Ashore
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

Treasure hunts are rarely simple things - especially when circumstances before, during,
and after complicate matters.

Chapter Notes

(crashes in out of nowhere)
Hey all! Who here missed me?!
(crickets)
.... fair enough. Sorry for vanishing all of a sudden. Aside from the fact that this chapter
had been rather difficult to write, life had been... inconvenient as of late. I had, in short
order:
- Lost my job, went job hunting fruitlessly, got rehired for more duties and barely a raise
- Computer went kaput, had to visit a friend to get my computer fixed, got it fixed,
- Hunted for roommates, got served an end of lease notice, had to find another place to
live
- Actually moving into said location with all the preparations needed to make the move
in the first place.
So yeah, I wasn't up for much writing. I chipped away as much as I could at it but it was
slow going. Anyway, I'll try to get back to my regular progress and schedule but given
my flagging energy levels, no promises. With that said, hope you enjoy the chapter!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The Golden Hind was a magnificent ship. The small yet hardy galleon had traversed the
circumference of the world in its lifetime, braving countless storms, pirates, and other trials.
Helmed by the recklessly foolhardy yet cunning Francis Drake, it had withstood everything
the world had thrown against it and more, thus cementing its place among the annals of
history. It, as well as its captain, had more than earned the right to test themselves in this
mythical, endless sea filled with adventure, opportunities, and dangers beyond their wildest
imaginations.

However, despite its resilience and travails, the seas were a place where the extraordinary
simply was the norm. The Golden Hind was no exception. Battered as it was by the storm
and its denizens, the crew were running to and fro shoring up and repairing the damaged ship,
quickly sawing and shaping wood and planks as necessary as tailors mended and stitched
together sails and ropes.
“Damnit, couldn’t Caster just fix this ship?!”
“Last I checked, she currently has her hands full working on maintaining everything. It’s
because of her the ship hasn’t completely snapped into pieces.”
Both Ren and Joan were with the crew working on the boards. The former had quickly
adapted to the carpentry work, easily sawing, filing, and working the wood as if he had been
born to do so. His hands moved from tool to tool with dexterity and grace, from the saw to
the hammer to the plane. For the Phantom Thief, it felt like he had been given a playground
filled with toys. “Check my work, Eckhart!” he called over, wiping sweat off his brow.
The sailor took a quick glance, then grinned. “Ho, not bad!” he acknowledged cheerfully. “A
thousand more o’ these and we might even have a good reason to call it good work!”
The Phantom Thief laughed in response. “You guys don’t do things in half measures, do
you?” he joked back as he grabbed another board and began planing it down. It had been a
long while since he managed to properly work with his hands ever since his time in Tokyo.
He had been meaning to have Da Vinci create a worktable so they could create some tools
like smoke bombs or flashbangs, but they never had the opportunity. This was a welcome
change.
The Lancer, on the other hand, was having a far rougher time of it. She had stripped two
more saws of its teeth and had been on the verge of getting kicked out of the area when
Medea – at the quick request of Ren – had reinforced one for her to use without destroying it.
However, it still had been slow going as she kept either completely breaking the boards or
taking so long that it took borderline forever. A pile of discarded boards, now nothing more
than scrap, lay at her feet. Despite Eckhart’s glare maintaining discipline, she could hear the
grumbling of the other sailors behind her back, exacerbating her frustrations.
With every board that fractured and snapped, with every mutter or grumbling behind her
back, her temper began fraying more and more. Her grip on the reinforced saw steadily
became stronger that, reinforced or not, it was a wonder it didn’t crack. Being on a ship
meant that resources were scarce and while there was no doubt the sailors were resourceful
enough to find use for her scrap wood, it didn’t change the fact that she was wasting it all.
She took a quick glance around her. All the other carpenters were busy and doing their best
not to meet her gaze, not if they wanted tempers to completely snap. None of them would be
willing to teach her – or rather, they wouldn’t have the patience to. At this point, she would
be a far greater help if she simply up and left; a thought that wrapped around her gut and
choked it in frustration. That left her with only one other option.
And right now, she found both choices rather distasteful.

Hesitating, she looked up at Ren, then back down at her board, then at the scraps that lay at
her feet, before finally looking back up at Ren again. Shoving her annoyance down as much
as she could, she sighed aridly. “Oi, Ren,” she called over, causing him to pause his work.
“You… remember our deal, right?”
The Thief blinked, took a quick glance at her work, then nodded. “I do,” he easily replied.
Getting up, he sat nearby, keeping a cautious distance from her.
The Lancer took a deep breath as she tried to keep her already taut temper from fraying.
“They keep… breaking,” she explained with a forced calm. “When I try to cut them. No
matter what I do, they keep splintering apart. I can’t tell what I’m doing wrong.”
Ren analytically looked over the wood she had been working on. His eyes darted between the
board, the saw, and her hands before giving a quick nod. “Try angling it a bit more and ease
up a bit on the pressure,” he suggested. “Let the saw just do its work without too much effort
from you.”
Joan’s eye twitched. “And how is that any different from what I’ve been doing?”
The Phantom Thief didn’t seem perturbed at the Lancer’s anger. “Tools are supposed to be
what’s doing most of the work,” he explained. “If you want to make something instead of
breaking it, what you need isn’t force to make it give way, but precision to make it change to
what you need.”
She stared at Ren, just for a moment, her grip tightening on the handle to leave even the
reinforced saw creaking as her grip tightened. “You know damn well I don’t know what that
means,” she hissed, her patience rapidly eroding.
Ren froze momentarily, then he awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck and looked away.
“Right, right,” he muttered embarrassedly. “What’s a better metaphor for this…?
The silence that fell between them weighed heavily, with only the creaking of the ship and
the roars and calls from the sailors filling the air between them. Joan was already regretting
her decision, but desperation kept her mouth shut until he spoke up again.
“Let’s try this,” the Phantom Thief suggested. “You use your spears decently well, right?
Think of the difference in the movement to when you want to strike someone with a spear as
opposed to stabbing them. That difference between wildly swinging your arms and the
angling motion that leads with the wrist. That’s what I mean: lead with the wrist and guide
the points through the wood instead of trying to break it.”
… As nonsensical as it seemed, Joan had a hard time even describing how much it pissed her
off that made perfect sense. The sensation of the pieces sliding into place in her mind made
her resentment broil. She didn’t know at who or what, but the bubbling frustration turned
brutally frigid as her cutting arm was led by the wrist, and she made her first cut upon the
board that left not a single splinter.
“Lecturing me about using spears,” she scoffed to herself as she continued. “You barely even
know how to use your own goddamn knife. Always flipping around like a goddamn ballerina

as if it’s gonna get you anything but stabbed-“
But that coordination began to fray almost immediately as her teeth grinded together slightly.
She had worked with Ren before, during the hunt their cooperation had even been rather
good… but this? This was infuriating. Her anger disrupted her focus and twisted her wrist.
As her hand squeezed, her arms extended past the angle her wrist had adjusted to, thenCrack.
Joan’s eye twitched. Flexing her fingers and forcing them to loosen, she tried again.
Snap.
She grit her teeth as she slowed down her movements with the saw. It should be okay now…
Groan.
Cracks started forming on the board along the cut. Of course it was about to break. And she
was only halfway through. No matter – she just needed to keep calm, work slowly and
carefully, and she would be able to finally make that cut. Taking a deep breath, she pressed
the blade against the wood and began sawing once moreWith a loud report, the teeth snagged and dug into the wood rather than cut. While normally
it would mean the saw would catch onto the board, with her Servant strength, the saw tore
away at the wood. With yet another explosive report, the board ripped apart as she pulled at
the saw, splintering away into pieces. The end piece flung up in the air, bounced off the
ceiling, and conked a sailor on the head.
“Oh for – can’t you do just saw a piece of damn wood right?!” the man burst out, whirling
about in rage at the Lancer. “Even a fucking lame kid would be able to do that at least, yet all
you’re doing is wasting our goddamn supplies! If all you’re good for is breaking shit, then
get the hell out!”
“Johnson, watch your damn tongue before I cut it off myself!” Eckhart snarled. However, the
dam had burst. Joan whirled about, almost halfway to summoning her own spear when Ren
suddenly slid in front of her.
“Calm down, Joan, it’s fine,” he quickly coaxed her. “It happens. Try one more time and we
can improve from there. It’s probably a problem with the angle that-“
“Shut up!” the Lancer screamed, whirling on Ren. “You are not fucking helping here! You
just prance along like everything’s gonna work out well but guess what? Not everyone is like
you, Ren Amamiya! Whether it’s messing with minds or working with wood, it all comes so
goddamn naturally to you, doesn’t it?! I’m still here trying to figure out what to even fucking
think first let alone do anything else! So take your head out of your goddamn ass and do
something!”
As she caught her breath, there was nothing but silence. Even the boisterous, irritated sailors
had shut up, staring between the two while Eckhart stood close by, watching carefully. The

sound of groaning ship filled the dead air, the splashing of waves against the hull barely
audible outside. It didn’t matter. Her rage-filled red eyes glared into Ren’s steel-grey eyes,
daring him to argue or reply.
Instead, the Phantom Thief sighed and held up his hands in surrender. “Sorry, that’s my
fault,” he admitted quietly. “I thought you’d prefer a hands-off approach to my assistance is
all. I’ll figure out a better way to help you.”
Staring in those eyes, Joan could only see quiet guilt and sadness behind that expression. Her
own rage slipped away, leaving behind only a cold, empty hollowness. Despite bellowing her
anger, she didn’t feel any comfort from it. All she felt instead was a lump of misery sitting in
her gut like a piece of coal.
The silence was rapidly becoming deafening. She glanced at the crew still staring at them,
then grabbed Ren’s arm and began hauling him away. As she turned a corner, she heard
Eckhart bellow out, “What are you sitting there gawping for?! Get back to work or I’m
assigning all of you to night watch!” The hurried sounds of carpentry started back up again as
the lump sank deeper into her gut.
What the hell was she doing?
Finding an unoccupied storeroom, she flung Ren none-too-gently at some bags of flour
nearby (miraculously preserved from the storm) and closed the door behind her. Once that
was done, she leaned against it, banging her head intentionally in the process as she did so.
“God fucking damnit,” she cursed.
She half expected Ren to say something or do anything, even as much as a ‘how are you
doing’ like what Mash often did or Ritsuka at times. Instead, the Phantom Thief simply kept
quiet, sitting on the bags of flour as he stared ahead into some dark corner. A lantern hung by
the door, its flicking flame shedding a dim light that only barely illuminated their
surroundings, let alone each others’ faces. In a way, the Lancer found the darkness oddly
comforting. At least she didn’t have to see his face.
Then she froze at the thought. Why was that reassuring to her? It shouldn’t be. Even as that
thought ran through her mind, her irritation began boiling up again at not being able to see
him. Nothing about this made any sense! What the hell did she want, and more importantly,
how the hell was she going to talk to Ren about it?!
Moments passed by like eternity in the cramped room, the silence as heavy as the ocean
between them. “… Well?” the Lancer finally snapped. “Are you going to say something?”
“What do you want me to say?” Ren murmured in response.
That was precisely what Joan didn’t want to hear. “Why the hell are you asking me?!” she
spat out. “Being able to talk your way through anything is your entire damn thing! It doesn’t
matter if it’s some Japanese fox yokai or the King of Knights to one of the staff at Chaldea,
you always have a solution to everything! And if talking doesn’t work, don’t you have all
those Personas that can do almost whatever you want them to do?! Use them! Why are you
stuck with me?!”

“It’s not that simple-“ the Phantom Thief sighed.
“You think it’s not that simple?!” Joan spluttered, her rage completely overtaking her as he
looked up in surprise. “I just wanted to cut a simple piece of wood! That’s all I was trying to
do and I can’t even manage that! All I’m good for is for breaking and killing shit, over and
over again! That’s what I was literally made for, and I could at least do that! Then a certain
somebody had to go and screw that up, and now I’m left scrabbling to pick up the damn
pieces! So don’t give me your excuses or your bullshit and think of something already! This
is supposed to be your wheelhouse!”
“You’re right,” Ren accepted immediately. His voice was oddly dispassionate. It didn’t even
sound hurt or sorrowful, just simply automatic and accepting. “I did. Just let me think for a
bit. I’ll figure something out without making things worse.” He continued staring at the
corner, his face deep in shadow. She couldn’t see what expression he was making, but the
way he sat – with his shoulders bowed and hands in front of him in thought, he looked as
though he bore the weight of the world on his back.
Joan wanted to pull at her own hair and simultaneously deck the Phantom Thief in the face.
She settled for simply pacing back and forth, feeling like an animal trapped in a cage. The
small storeroom certainly didn’t help. This whole situation was beyond confusing and
infuriating. Why was she even so pissed off? She was the one who collected on his promise
to have her teach him in the first place, wasn’t it?
“This is complete bullshit!” she snarled out. She punched the wall of the storeroom, the
sound of her gauntlet impacting the wood reverberating over the groaning of the ship.
“I’m sorry,” the Phantom Thief apologized. “I’m still thinking-“
“Oh, screw your thinking!” the Lancer spat out, spinning around to glare at Ren. “At least
you’ve everything figured out for yourself! Here I fucking am just trying to find something to
be productive at, yet I screw up at even the goddamn basics! At this rate, what’s the point of
me even trying to learn to do anything?! Better I just stick to blasting and destroying stuff –
that’s what I was made for and what I was good at! Everything else is all beyond pointless!”
“Knock it off,” Ren shot back sternly. “Everyone starts somewhere, and sometimes that start
is rougher than expected. That doesn’t mean you failed at anything – and it certainly doesn’t
mean it’s either pointless or you should stick with the bad things because it’s the only thing
you know. It may take a bit of time, but you’ll get it in the end. And you’ll also find other
things that you’re good at and also enjoy-“
“Easy for you to say,” Joan snarled. “When you’re fucking good at everything, whether it’s
dealing with Servants or working with wood! You have everything you could want here while
I’m still trying to pick up even one damned piece! So shut your sanctimonious mouth when
all of this is your fucking fault in the first place!”
Even as the words left Joan’s mouth, that lump in her stomach grew exponentially larger as
her heart dropped – a sensation made worse by the Phantom Thief immediately shutting his
mouth and looking away. “Right, sorry,” he apologized quietly again. “I… had forgotten

myself and what you were going through. I’ll try to find a better solution for you. It’s the
least I can do.”
As Joan heaved several breaths, her glare bearing down on her Master and the one
responsible for her troubles, the pit simply sat in her gut like an immovable stone. It felt so
heavy that she almost felt sick. She thought venting her anger at least would make her feel
even the slightest bit better, but it didn’t. Instead, she just felt… hollow.
Her frustration boiled over even now, but this wasn’t helping. This wasn’t a solution.
She only breathed a long, heavy sigh as she rested her head against the wooden door with a
loud knock. God, was she tired.
Drawing a hand over her face, she turned back toward Ren, exhausted. “Look, Ren,” she
began, catching his attention again. “I… I don’t hate you. Just… you’ve put me through a lot
of shit. I know what you did was what you had to do. It would’ve been simpler for all of us if
you killed me then, but that was that. Crying about it isn’t going to help.”
She noticed his shoulders stiffen at her words but decided to press forward anyway. “It was
still my call,” Ren replied with a terrible calmness that only twisted her stomach further.
“And at the very least, I owe it to you to make it right. I haven’t been doing that and I’m not
even sure where to start, so for now I can only apologize-“
“Shut it,” the Lancer growled, glaring at him. “You always think everything is about you,
whether it’s good or bad. It isn’t, not even in this damn case. Sure, you’re the one who
screwed around with my head here but you had your reasons – perfectly good ones too. I’m
the one that’s supposed to be yelling at you, and I can’t even do that right! Ugh, I really am
only good at destroying shit – and it seems it’s metaphorical too."
Ren almost seemed like he was going to speak up again, from what she could make out in the
shadowed room. But no words came out, and he made no effort to stand and move. And so
the suffocating silence fell upon them once again.
But just as she thought she couldn’t take it any longer, she looked down and noticed
something, her eyes now adjusted to the darkness. “Why the hell did you bring that with
you?” she asked, pointing at the board that laid beside Ren – specifically her board with the
splintered, broken end.
The Phantom Thief glanced down and shrugged. “I didn’t even notice I brought it with me,”
he admitted. “I guess just… had a feeling I should bring this along. I can toss it out?”
“No,” Joan stated immediately. “Just… leave that one alone. At least, for now. I know it’s
pointless, but… I want to take my time with it and do it right. Eventually. Whenever the hell I
can manage, all of this.”
“… alright,” Ren quietly accepted with a nod. “I’ll keep this one somewhere safe.”
The Lancer sighed. “Of course you would,” she muttered. “Don’t follow me.” Her words,
though sharp as always, held none of its usual heat. Turning, she left the storeroom. The pit in

her stomach sank heavily, but at least it wasn’t getting any worse. It would do for now.
Meanwhile, the Phantom Thief nodded again to himself. Sitting in the dark room by himself,
he took just a moment to reflect on his past failures. Guilt settled into him like the weight of
the world itself, and he accepted it all. There was nothing he could do for her here, so there
was only one solution: He would never let such a thing come to pass ever again.
Igor had always told him that even pain, failure, and trauma could become power if he
learned to use them as fuel. It was time, it seemed, to take that to heart.
“I’m sorry, Joan,” he thought to himself. “I won’t let you, or anyone else, down ever again.”
The Velvet Room had long been a place of reflection, learning, and experimentation – not just
for Ren, but for the countless guests in the past as well as its residents. From combining and
strengthening personas to delving into their origins as demons and conducting various
experiments, even the most erudite would have endless topics and fields to study and
research, with almost as plentiful methods at their disposal.
Ren bounced against the floor of the Velvet Room before picking himself back up, wincing
slightly as he did so. “Pixie,” he gasped out. The little fairy persona appeared once more and
pointed at him, healing his wounds as she always did with a green glow. He had grown
weaker than he expected. His mind raced for more possibilities, more tactics to use. However,
the gulf in strength was far more difficult to overcome than he thought. Then again, he
expected nothing less.
“Are you ready for another bout, my Trickster?”
The Phantom Thief grinned and looked over at Lavenza as the diminutive yellow lion that
was a Shiisa faded away. “Always am,” he replied easily as he went over his mental list of
personas. Weakened or not, it had been a while since he really stretched himself out fighting
on the frontlines. Although he had been getting used to leaving battles to his Servants, it still
chafed against him. This was where he belonged.
“Throne!”
A new Persona burst into being: a black cloaked figure with multiple metallic limbs holding
onto a giant flaming wheel that encircled it. It spun around and roared, creating a geyser of
flames that erupted underneath Lavenza’s feet. The Attendant hopped aside, only to be caught
by another geyser, forcing her to shield her face as she was engulfed by the blaze.
As it faded, she lowered her arm and flipped open her book. “Change,” she commanded, her
voice soft yet unyielding. Another persona appeared beside her in a flash of blue flame: a
small puddle of green goo with eyes and a cavernous mouth. It wobbled and opened its
mouth – and suddenly Ren was bombarded by an invisible force, forcing him back as he grit
his teeth. Though the power of Throne managed to take much of the damage, it still stung –
regardless of his Phantom Thief regalia.

Olga meanwhile was off to the side, observing the battle and taking notes on her clipboard.
The whole battle was a stress test for Ren’s personas and the ones she had adjusted already so
she could collect data and further tinker with the associated constellations, the personas
themselves, and Ren’s masks as necessary. There were multiple pens and papers in the air, all
furiously scribbling as well thanks to her magecraft, all designed to record different aspects
and variables, while the former director herself took any notes she thought were critical.
Ren had to admit, he already knew she was thorough, but she would give even Makoto and
Sae a run for their money.
“Attis!” the Phantom Thief called out. The bandaged persona burst forth in a blaze of blue
flame and swung his dagger. A swirl of three lights appeared around Ren thrice – giving him
just enough speed for Ren to barely dodge an orb of focused lighting emitting from where he
stood, courtesy of Lavenza’s own Pixie. Raising his gun, he fired a volley of shots, each of
them impacting an invisible barrier short of the Attendant.
“Human firearms are fascinating devices,” Lavenza idly noted. “Though I do hope that isn’t
the extent of your abilities?”
“Nah,” Ren easily replied with a grin. “I just needed you to look my way for a second.”
The Attendant tilted her head slightly in question until an orange glow swiftly getting
brighter caught her attention off to the side. She turned – and her eyes widened to see a
blazing Phoenix heading straight toward her. Opening her Compendium, the pages rapidly
fluttering as she summoned a Jack Frost. With a hearty cry of ‘Hee-ho!’, a forest of frozen
trees bloomed between the blazing bird and herself. It crashed into the trees and melted the
ice into steam with a loud hiss, bathing the entire area into vapor.
Lavenza turned, frowning in mild annoyance at the mist. As she was about to conjure up a
Persona to blow it all away, she felt a presence on her left side. Turning, she saw the four
giant arms of a Hecatoncheires speeding toward her. Holding up a hand, the fists were
stopped by an invisible barrier again – then she whipped around and closed her Compendium
on Ren’s outstretched dagger, trapping him. Pulling the Phantom Thief towards her, she
swung the chainsaw that appeared in her hand. It carved its way across his torso – not cutting
through flesh but slamming him with enough force to send him crashing into a wall.
Ren gasped as the air was knocked out of him and he slid down to the ground. “Almost had
you there,” he rasped out with an amused, albeit pained grin.
A gentle, affectionate smile graced the Attendant’s features as she summoned a Kurama
Tengu to blow the steam away. “It was a marvelous gambit, my Trickster,” she agreed. Had
he regained his former full strength, it would have been more than likely that blade would
have reached her. Though she was disappointed that wasn’t the case, she still carried the faith
her Trickster would become an even more wonderful man than he had been.
No, not faith. Surety. As certain as the sun rising to herald a new day and that humanity
would seize hold of the reins of their own destiny sooner or later, her Trickster would grow
beyond even her wildest imagination and admirations. She couldn’t wait for the day.

Plucking the Chaldean Arms from the Compendium, she stepped forward to offer it back to
Ren. “Shall we try once more?” she asked. The Phantom Thief grinned in response and
opened his mouth to answer“No,” came Olga’s sharp reply. They both turned to see the former director glaring at them
from over her clipboard. “You have already done about twenty bouts in this session alone.
Amamiya’s energy levels are starting to dangerously flag despite him coming up with better
tactics and strategies. Right now, this is your limit – do not push yourself any further. And
besides-“
She jerked her pen behind her at the pile of notes she had taken. “I’ve already recorded far
more than enough from this session,” she finished. “It will take me some time to sift and
compile what you’ve already given me, let alone if you decide to fight even more.”
Ren glanced over and he blinked at the sheer mountain of paper behind her. “That’s a lot of
data,” he noted with some amazement and trepidation. It always caught him off guard how
diligent Olga could be. “Well, if you say we should stop, I guess we should stop. Sound good
to you as well, Lavenza?”
“As you wish, my Trickster,” she easily accepted with a smile. She held out a hand to help
Ren up, which he easily accepted. “You are making remarkable progress, even more so than
when you first started your journey,” she commented.
“I have good teachers,” the Phantom Thief easily replied with a warm smile as his Phantom
Thief outfit vanished back into his regular Master uniform. “But it’s a shame my persona
powers are restrained so much by my magecraft. I kinda miss being able to leap into battle
with everyone else.”
“It’s what a Master is supposed to do,” Olga replied as she looked over her notes and worked
on sorting them out. “If anything, you and Morgana are considerable exceptions by being so
close to the heat of combat in the first place. Masters are supposed to be kept distant and
unknown for the most part, as they’re the link and mana supply of the Servant. If they’re
killed, then bar a few exceptions, the Servants cease to be.”
“Yeah, that’s what I hear,” Ren replied with a sigh, running a hand through his eternally
messy hair. “I haven’t even checked for Palaces ever since the France singularity with the
doppelganger. I’m surprised it even popped up for her though – I thought all Palaces had
disappeared after Mementos had vanished.”
“I was about to speak to you about that,” Lavenza commented, to both Ren’s and Olga’s
surprise. “The Metaverse Navigation application was originally designed by the usurper to
help locate and enter the containment cells – what was called Palaces – of specific
individuals. We had given you access to it once more in hopes that it would be of assistance,
though neither my master nor I had anticipated working as well as it had been. It is a rather
remarkable stroke of luck. Though on further reflection, perhaps it is not so strange.”
The Phantom Thief blinked, remembering with a touch of bitterness when he and the others
had learned what changes of heart truly were, but he pushed the thought from his mind.

“How do you figure?” he asked as he slipped out his phone. The stylistic red eye of the MetaNav stared back at him as it always did.
“With the world being burned away and much of humanity’s presence removed, the cognitive
landscape has shifted,” the Attendant explained as Olga stopped sifting through her notes to
listen. “There is now an abundance of free energy and space, allowing the complexity and
solidity of internal minds to take root and establish themselves far more easily than before.
This has resulted in the creation of Palace-like areas that you may be able to gain access to.”
Ren’s eyes widened at the explanation. “I see,” he mused as his mind began working. “While
it’s good we’ve been lucky enough to only need to enter compatible cognitive spaces, that’s
still a pretty tight limit as the only places we can enter. Don’t suppose you guys can help with
that?”
“There is a possibility,” Lavenza agreed. “However, much like with turning the cognitive
Holy Grail that resided within your Den into a weapon, an artifact of significant cognitive
power will be required once more. As vexing as it is, the Velvet Room as it is simply does not
have the necessary energy to provide assistance.”
“I had a feeling that was the case,” the Phantom Thief easily replied with a shrug. “Luckily,
we’re in a singularity filled with treasures. I’m sure something here is bound to have enough
cognitive weight.”
Olga blew an exasperated sigh. “It is not that simple, Amamiya,” she groused, causing the
two to look over at her as she leaned against the astrolabe table. “While this singularity may
be replete with treasure, an artifact of significant cognitive weight and significance isn’t as
easy to find as you might expect. You could very well find an entire mountain of gold and yet
it still wouldn’t provide enough energy for the Velvet Room’s purposes.”
She ran a hand through her white hair as her mind worked. “If only I could step out for a
moment,” the former director mumbled. “My family magecraft could divine the location of
such items – they’d practically be a beacon…”
“That can be done,” Lavenza replied simply.
Both Olga and Ren turned to boggle at the girl. “Wh… what?” the former asked faintly.
“Though we have said that for now, you cannot step out of the Velvet Room without risking
your existence,” the Attendant explained. “There is a workaround. One that specifically
pertains to you, given your unique nature – both in how you were brought here and how you
have manifested.”
The former director’s eye twitched. “And why, pray tell, was I not informed?” she inquired
with a forced calm, her stiffening limbs betraying her fraying temper.
Lavenza tilted her head and blinked. “You had not inquired about it,” was her simple answer.
Olga’s eyes bulged in rage before she pinched the bridge of her nose as Ren looked on in
worry. She took several, rattling breaths as she attempted to soothe her rage as best she could.

“I see,” she muttered. “Very well. The next time I have such… obvious concerns, I will ask
about them. But for now, I’ll stick to the matter at hand. How can I exit the Velvet Room
without threatening my existence?”
The Attendant nodded, unperturbed by her junior’s anger. “As you might recall,” she
elaborated. “Your self in the Fuyuki singularity had been little more than a mere fragment of
your memories. Taking advantage of this, the Trickster asked you to join to him with a
binding oath: ‘I am thou, and thou art I.’ By doing so, you have become part of a shared
existence with him.”
Ren crossed his arms. “And Olga became my persona then,” he concluded thoughtfully. “I
thought that was going to happen, but I wasn’t going to make much of it – it was the only
way I had to save her after everything.”
The former director frowned. “They were extenuating circumstances,” she agreed. “Are you
saying Ren can summon me as a persona then? Is that how he’ll bring me into the real
world?”
“Yes, but the matter isn’t so straightforward,” Lavenza replied seriously. “The vow all
persona and their wielders take isn’t one made lightly, nor is it figurative. As the Trickster’s
persona, you shall embody all aspects of him that represent you – and in turn, he shall know
and share of your existence. Your thoughts and memories shall be open to him and at his
disposal.”
Olga immediately blanched at that thought. For a magus, one’s own secrets and memories
were of paramount importance. Even close family and associations wouldn’t be privy to
them, nor were they expected to. Having one’s secrets plumbed out in so thorough a manner
would be considered borderline heresy and taboo by anyone in the Moonlit World.
But that wasn’t her concern. She knew Ren had no care for magecraft save as a tool to
achieve his goals. No, her concern lay in what she knew of Chaldea. The facility had many
secrets, perpetuated by her father and the staff: horrific experiments and forbidden knowledge
that even she didn’t have full knowledge of. There was much she hadn’t told Ren, and he had
accepted that. But if she became his persona, those secrets would be laid bare. If he knew,
how would he respond? What would he do?
Terror and panic gripped her heart in an icy claw. Would she be the unmaking of Chaldea
once again?
The Phantom Thief glanced over at Olga, then back to Lavenza. “Is there a way she could
become my persona without it being so… invasive?” he asked, causing the former director to
look at him in surprise. “Shadows becoming my personas is one thing, but this is a different
situation.”
Lavenza frowned slightly as she considered. “A partial connection would preserve privacy,”
she replied. “However, it is also far more tenuous. You would not be able to sustain her
existence for more than a few minutes at most, and the process would be difficult enough that
it’s inadvisable to make a regular practice of it. Is this how you wish to approach this, my
Trickster? Olga?”

Instead of answering immediately, Ren looked over to Olga. “What do you think?” he asked.
“Think you can get your work done in a couple minutes?”
The former director’s mouth dropped open in surprise, then closed as her brows furrowed.
Her mind worked furiously as she mentally planned out the ritual. “In theory, yes,” she
slowly answered. “It will be a tight schedule, but it’s nothing I haven’t done before. But this
also assumes I have the necessary equipment set up and calibrated, which is the most timeconsuming part.”
The Phantom Thief nodded in satisfaction. “That shouldn’t be too difficult,” he replied easily.
He fished out the bottle of Soma and showed it to Olga and Lavenza with a grin. “I can take
things out of the cognitive realm with Jose’s help and get them set up. I’m sure he’ll be happy
to help pay off his tab. I’ll just need instructions on how to put it all together.”
Putting the tiny bottle away, he smiled up at them. “But for now, I think we’ve got a plan,” he
finished. “If you want, Olga, we could get things set up between the two of us and go for a
trial run? Perhaps you could take the opportunity to say hi to the others at Chaldea? They’ll
be happy to hear from you.”
“No.”
The answer was immediate and flat – so much so that the Phantom Thief was taken off guard.
Olga fixed him an unamused stare. “Lavenza has made it clear that this is not meant to be
done regularly. Whatever trials that need to be conducted will be when all necessary
preparations – including the location – have been completed. Until then, I won’t allow you to
summon me for such frivolous reasons.”
Ren simply stared at her in response. “Is that really what you want?” he asked quietly.
The former director faltered slightly under his seeking gaze, then gathered her senses. “Yes, it
is, Amamiya,” she calmly responded. “We can’t afford any distractions, and neither can
they.”
The two stared at one another, then finally Ren relented with a nod. “Alright then,” he
accepted. “We’ll find a good place to set up and go from there.” Then he noticed Lavenza
shifting slightly, attracting his curiosity. “Something wrong, Lavenza?”
The Attendant blinked in surprise, then shook her head. “It is of little consequence, my
Trickster,” she replied. “It is just… I have been at your side since the beginning of your
journey. I have seen you overcome countless trials and tribulations and hold fast to your
convictions no matter what suffering it may bring you. You are my Trickster, and the greatest
man in the world.”
She smiled ruefully as she looked up at a surprised Olga. “So... the prospect that Olga is able
to become a part of you, perhaps even more directly sharing your burdens with you, is one
that I find rather envious," she finished.
Olga stared at the girl. “What.”

Lavenza shook her head. ”As I said, it is of little consequence,” she said. “As long as I am by
your side and helping you as much as it is within my ability, then that shall suffice as it
always has.”
Ren and Olga looked at one another. “… so, are we done for today?” he asked.
The former director stared at the Phantom Thief, glanced down at the confused Lavenza, then
at the large pile of paper and notes behind her. She sighed. “Yes, we are done for today,” she
agreed. “It will take some time for me to properly compile all the notes and analyze what data
you’ve given me. Do what you must, Amamiya.”
The Phantom Thief nodded with a smile. “Thanks, Olga,” he replied gratefully before turning
back to Lavenza. “So, now that you’ve mentioned it,” he remarked. “It’s been a while since
I’ve taken you out someplace. What say we change that?”
The Attendant blinked several times. “While the thought is appreciated, my Trickster,” she
replied. “I believed I mentioned it would be best if I stayed in the Velvet Room? With how
unstable the world is, stepping out for any more than a brief moment would be rather risky.”
“Well then, it’s a good thing we’re not going too far,” Ren easily responded. He snapped his
fingers and a familiar-looking cell door made of red light appeared. “Have you been to
Destinyland before?” he inquired. “I definitely recommend it at least once.”
Lavenza paused for a moment, then coyly shook her head. “I haven’t, no,” she admitted. “I
must admit, I am curious what it was like. It felt as though it was an eternal festival.”
The Phantom Thief nodded thoughtfully. “An eternal festival…” he mused. “That’s probably
the best way to put it.” The door opened, revealing Destinyland in all its glory: Crowds of
people cheering and laughing merrily as they moved through the crowded streets, the castle
silhouetted in the evening sun as the mechanical sound of rides on tracks rumbled and roared
in the distance. Among the throngs of people were also mascots, standing distinctly from and
with the crowd, greeting and mingling with the guests happily.
Lavenza stared in amazement through the doors. She had known that her Trickster had been
improving his abilities at an accelerated pace thanks to their teachings and his own
experimentations, but even she could only be impressed by the sheer scope and breadth of his
cognitive landscaping. Her admiration for him only grew even further, something she had
thought would be impossible.
“Now then, shall we go?” Ren asked, offering a hand with a charming smile. “There’s a lot to
see, after all.”
The Attendant looked up at Ren with wide eyes, then gently placed her hand in his. “In that
case, I shall be in your care, my Trickster,” she murmured, smiling happily.
The former director watched as the Phantom Thief grinned back in return. He looked up at
her and nodded. “We’ll see you later, Olga!” he called out. She let out a small hum of
acknowledgement and saw them off. Once they stepped through, the door closed behind them
and vanished, leaving her alone to the ever-present singing of the Velvet Room once more.

She sighed as she turned back to her work, gathering a sheaf of papers and organizing them.
She wondered if Amamiya knew about how Lavenza felt towards him – but that was a
foolish question. Anyone who knew the Phantom Thief even momentarily knew the answer
to that. To him, it was yet another strand in the complicated web that was his life, as
important as all the others.
A web that was being stretched in every direction, weighed down with responsibilities and
expectations. And as strong as spider silk was purported to be, even she knew it could only
bear so much.
With a wave of her hand, her astrolabe spun again as her eyes focused. Her path was clear
enough, then. She would need to redouble her efforts – and perhaps seek other methods of
assistance for him. He deserved – no. He required nothing less from her.
“Ah, good. I was just about to wake you up.”
Ren blinked and looked up to see a smiling David standing over him. “You were so deeply
asleep I thought it would be a shame to wake you,” he said.
The Phantom Thief slowly got up and stretched, relieving his sore muscles from the stiffness
of the wood. After assisting the carpenters, he had joined David back up in the crow’s nest.
As much as he wanted to keep watch, his eyelids had been drooping from exhaustion the
entire time. The Archer had gently encouraged him to fall asleep by playing his harp once
more, lulling him to slumber – something he was ultimately rather thankful for.
“It’s fine,” he easily replied. “So, what’s going on?”
David smiled and pointed in the distance. Ren checked – and saw seagulls flying a bit above
them. “Birds don’t fly out in the middle of the sea,” he explained. “They have nests on land.
So if we’re seeing them here…”
“That means there’s land nearby,” Ren concluded in wonder as he straightened up in
excitement. His eyes turned blood red once again as he activated his Third Eye. Everything
around him was blissfully dark compared to the endless red within the storm, save for a line
of blue light far in the distance. He glanced at the bell and almost reached for it, then paused
and looked over at David.
The Archer chuckled. “Go ahead,” he allowed with a gesture. “You get the honors this time.”
Ren grinned. He grabbed the rope and pulled hard. The bell began clanging loudly, drawing
the attention of everyone below him. “Land-ho!” he roared. “Land-ho to starboard! Landho!”
Drake pulled out a spyglass and checked, then grinned broadly. “Aye, that it is!” she called
back. “Hoist the sails! We don’t got nearly enough daylight to burn! Get your asses moving,
you dogs!”
“Aye aye!” the crew roared as one as they worked at a redoubled pace.

“Think we’ll find anything good?” Ren asked, glancing over at David.
The Archer grinned. “With Drake leading the way, it’s more than possible,” he answered.
After about half an hour of sailing, the island came into view. The anchor had been dropped
and the sails lowered to prevent it from drifting off with the winds and currents. The deck
was abuzz with activity as everyone made their preparations, throwing supplies into the
ship’s landing boat to set up a camp once they got ashore.
“This island looks rather large, captain,” David remarked.
“Aye,” Drake agreed as she observed the island through her spyglass. “It’ll take us multiple
days to comb through it for treasure – but we’ll strike it rich here, mark my words.” As she
put the spyglass away, she looked over at her crew and noticed Siegfried eyeing the island
with a grim demeanor. “Hey, knight, what’s with you?” she barked. “Ya look as though
you’re going into war!”
Siegfried looked up in surprise at being addressed, then bowed his head slightly. “My
apologies for my dour attitude,” he responded before looking back at the island. “I sense,
however, that there are… considerable threats on this island. It is advisable to maintain some
level of caution when exploring here, I believe.”
“Ah, lighten up,” the captain scoffed, smacking him on the shoulder. “Wouldn’t be much of
an adventure if there wasn’t any danger, was there?”
The dragonslayer hesitated, then slowly nodded. “It’s as you say,” he agreed.
Drake nodded confidently. Then she whirled around to her crew hauling supplies onto the
boat. “Stow the stuff we need to make camp!” she roared. “Pack light and bring extra arms!
Grab more path marking and fire-making gear! Whichever sea dogs are coming ashore, bring
your best boots! If you’re deadweight or slow, you’re getting left behind! No exceptions! Am
I understood?!”
“Aye aye!” the crew roared again. They quickly adjusted according to the captain’s orders,
taking out various supplies and replacing them as necessary.
“Glad she took your advice,” Ren commented as he walked up to Siegfried with a grin. “I
half expected her to laugh it off, to be honest.”
“As did I,” the Saber admitted with a small smile. “But she’s a prudent captain despite her
greed and confidence. I take it you’re coming ashore, Master?”
The Phantom Thief nodded. “Wouldn’t be much of a Phantom Thief if I skipped out on
treasure now, would I?” he remarked.
The dragonslayer chuckled in reply. “I suppose not,” he agreed. “Then I shall come ashore as
well. Better to have my blade at hand in case my instincts have not lied to me. Will that be
serviceable for you?”

“I was actually about to ask if you wanted to come along, so that works perfectly fine for
me,” Ren replied, his smile widening. “Thanks for having our backs, Siegfried.”
Siegfried smiled and bowed. “It is my duty, but you’re welcome regardless,” he replied.
“Hope you’re not planning on leaving me behind!” Morgana cried as he hopped up on the
railing and put his paws on his hips. “No Phantom Thief worth their salt would stay out of a
treasure hunt!”
Ren burst out laughing. “I said the same thing to Siegfried just a moment ago,” he remarked,
much to everyone’s mutual amusement. “What about Medea? Is she coming?”
Morgana shook his head. “She said she’d rather stay on the boat maintaining her workshop,”
he answered. “I checked with Martha and she said she’ll be staying as well, in case there’s a
sea monster that’s gotten too close for our liking. Better safe than sorry, she said.”
“Then I presume Joan and David shall be joining us?” Siegfried asked.
“Not David,” the Phantom Thief responded with a shake of his head. “He’s going to keep a
lookout on the crow’s nest – and knowing him, he’ll be providing cover fire in case things go
wrong.” He pointed up to the nest for emphasis and indeed, it had a clear line of sight on any
spot of the island.
Siegfried frowned slightly and crossed his arms. “Hm, so it shall be just me, Joan, and Mash
heading ashore, then?” he summed up. The dragonslayer considered the possibilities.
Between the strength of the three of them, they should be well protected from any threat the
island could hold, short of divine beasts or any unexpected calamity. Even if there were
enemy Servants, they would be able to easily repel the attack – or at least buy time for a
withdrawal.
“Oh, uh… I should probably stay behind then, huh?”
All of them turned in surprise to see Ritsuka scratching her cheek abashedly. “You wanted to
come too, Ritsu?” Morgana asked.
The girl shrugged helplessly. “Well yeah. Hasn’t every kid wanted to go on a pirate’s treasure
hunt?” she confessed. “But it sounds like it’s a bit too risky right now, and I don’t wanna drag
Mash down by having to babysit me the entire time. I’ll just hang back, maybe ask Medea to
scry on you guys and keep tabs on your progress.”
Ren and Morgana looked at one another. “You sure you don’t wanna come with?” the former
asked in surprise. “It does seem like a pretty fun adventure, after all.”
Ritsuka hesitated, then nodded. “I’m sure,” she replied with a smile that seemed rather
forced. “If you guys can, pick up a souvenir or two for me – and for Mash too while you’re at
it. Girls do like jewelry, after all.”
The Phantom Thief stared at Ritsuka for a moment, his expression unreadable for a moment.
Then he nodded. “I’ll see what I can find,” he replied with a smile. “Just take it easy,

alright?” He reached over and gently patted her on the head.
At the contact, the girl froze in surprise, then slowly and almost reluctantly relaxed. “No
promises,” she replied with a small smile. Ren couldn’t help but give a small chuckle at his
own words being thrown right back at him.
“The landing ship is ready to go!” Mash reported as she walked up. “The captain said to
retrieve you when you’re ready.” She paused and looked between Ren and Ritsuka. “Oh, I’m
sorry. Am I interrupting?”
“We were just seeing who’s coming,” the Phantom Thief replied, withdrawing his hand. “You
ready for a treasure hunt, Mash?”
The Shielder nodded enthusiastically. “Oh yes,” she replied, beaming. “I had always been
curious about treasure hunts. While I doubt it will be as simple as following a map until we
reach the specific spot, it will be rather informative regardless. I’ve also double-checked our
supplies in case we’re stranded or require rescue, including emergency flares. Would you like
to take one, Ren-senpai?”
Ren blinked, then nodded with a grin. “Sure,” he accepted. “You’ve been getting a lot more
thorough, Mash.”
Mash turned slightly red at the compliment. “I-It’s merely what I’m supposed to do,” she
stammered slightly. Nevertheless, she smiled as she grabbed emergency flares from behind
her shield and handed one to Ren and Morgana.
Ren did his best to hide his displeasure, Mash still had a long way to go, it seemed. He could
only hope she’d grow properly into her own person, with what he could do to help. “Thanks,
Mash.”
“Oi!” Drake roared from near the boat. “You lot take any longer and I’m tossing you into the
sea so you can swim to the island! Get over here already!”
Morgana shuddered at the prospect. “Never thought we’d meet someone more impatient for
treasure than us,” he remarked. “Let’s get a move on, guys!”
Ren, Mash, and Siegfried nodded. “Catch you in a bit, Ritsu!” the former said cheerfully as
they met up with Drake.
They all boarded the landing boat – a rowboat that felt almost hilariously tiny in comparison
to the Golden Hind. While the galleon had multiple boats it could dispatch, only one would
be sent as a reconnaissance outing. Drake was about to take three of her own crew along,
mainly for mapmaking and marking a path to any treasure, but Morgana volunteered his
services.
“You can draw maps?” the captain asked skeptically.
“Don’t underestimate the first of the Phantom Thieves,” the catlike being boasted, standing
proudly despite his diminutive height.

“He was our navigator before some of our other crew joined and still worked as one when
push came to shove,” Ren piped up. And that was that.
That said, between Drake and the Chaldeans, the boat ride had been rather cramped. Siegfried
had taken to spirit form and would meet them on the shore while Morgana rode on Ren’s lap
to save on space. Joan sat across from Ren and was pointedly looking away, their frosty
silence and distance palpable to everyone on board. Mash, who was sitting beside Ren
glanced at him questioningly, and he simply smiled ruefully and shook his head in reply.
Rowing through the waves, they eventually beached on the shore. As Siegfried materialized
and hauled the boat out of the water, Drake scanned the tree line beyond and took a large
breath. “Nothing like the smell of loam and bark when you’ve been on the sea for so long,”
she remarked with a grin before turning to the others. “Come on, you sluggards! We’re gonna
haul some treasure back before this day is done!"
“Think you can sense any treasure around here?” Ren asked his best friend with an amused
smirk.
Morgana chuckled as Siegfried finished hauling the boat well onto the shore. “The captain’s
got sharp senses, I gotta admit – I smell treasure too,” he replied. “This is shaping up to be a
fruitful expedition. Keep on your toes though – where there’s treasure, there’s bound to be
danger.”
“Wouldn’t be much of an adventure without some,” the Phantom Thief agreed with a grin. He
looked up at Mash and Siegfried. “You guys ready as well?”
“Yes, senpai!” Mash chirped.
“I am at your disposal,” the dragonslayer replied smiling.
“I’ll take point,” Joan suddenly growled out. Without waiting for a response, she marched off
ahead of the others to join Drake up in front.
Morgana stared at her marching off, then looked over at Ren. “What happened?” he asked.
The Phantom Thief sighed. “… We got something worked out,” he answered with a rueful
smile. “Come on, before the captain gets impatient and has us walk the plank.”
“That’s if I’m in a good mood!” Drake called back with a broad grin. “I can get more creative
– and not finding treasure before dusk is gonna put me in a bad one! So get a damn move
on!” The Chaldeans looked at one another, chuckled, then entered the forest right behind the
captain and Joan.
As the sand gave way to soil and the foliage enveloped them, the atmosphere changed. The
forest was teeming with life, from the chirps of birds to the fluttering of insect wings. There
wasn’t much on the ground, allowing them surprisingly easy traversal. While the temperature
was balmy, it was also surprisingly humid, leaving the air stickier than any of them were
comfortable with.

“At least the Master uniforms have decent aeration,” Ren commented, tugging at his sleeve
idly.
“There’s worse,” Morgana replied without looking up from the map he was sketching on a
piece of paper given to him by Mash. “The jungle where we hunted that bat was way worse –
lots more plants to the point I couldn’t even walk and had to ride on Boudica’s shoulder, and
it was so humid that my fur was practically sticking. At least Medea had some magecraft to
make it more reasonable for me.”
“Medea does seem a woman of much knowledge,” Mash mused. “Perhaps I should talk with
her myself and see if I could learn from her.”
“I wouldn’t try that if I were you,” the catlike being warned, shooting a glance at the Shielder
before checking his compass. “She’s already warned me against trying to learn her stuff and
probably won’t appreciate being bothered for that.”
“Ah. That’s a shame,” Mash demurred, her shoulders sagging slightly in disappointment.
‘That said,’ Morgana continued, mentally contacting Ren. ‘I managed to convince her to help
me but let me tell you, it was like pulling teeth.’
That got Ren’s curiosity. ‘What are you learning from her?’ he asked, resisting the urge to
look down at his best friend.
‘When I mentioned to her about my transformations, she got very interested,’ Morgana
elaborated. ‘She had me work on assembling models together. Said it was to change my
perception of my body? I don’t quite get it yet, but I’m still working at it.’
The catlike being paused. ‘And I won’t lie, it’s kinda fun,’ he sheepishly admitted. ‘It’s been a
while since I was able to work with my paws ever since Tokyo. Not quite like making
lockpicks or smoke bombs, but it’s still pretty nice.’
Ren couldn’t help but smile. ‘It has been a while hasn’t it?’ he mused. ‘In that case, I look
forward to what you’ll learn from Medea. Knowing her, it’s bound to be great.’
Morgana blinked, then puffed himself up slightly. ‘Once we get to the good stuff, you bet it
will be,’ he confirmed confidently. ‘Leave it to me, Joker – the great Morgana will be more
awesome than ever in no time at all!’
As they trekked further, the land slowly rose uphill until it became more of a hike than a
walk. The loose soil made their footing less steady than any of them liked, but hardly
untraversable. There was the occasional sound of leaves rustling and twigs breaking as a
distant animal moved, but nothing visible. Ren occasionally scanned around them with his
Third Eye but nothing of note appeared in his sight, neither hostile nor any signs of treasure.
Yet.
“Are you seeing anything in particular, senpai?” Mash asked.

The Phantom Thief shook his head as his eyes returned to normal. “Nothing so far,” he
replied. “It’s been pretty quiet. Only thing I can see so far are all the plants around us –
though they’re pretty interesting. They remind me of the ones we saw during the Roman
singularity.”
“Oh, you’ve noticed too?” Mash chirped, beaming. “I looked into the plant life of the
Mediterranean after we got back from Chaldea. I figured it was a good idea after…” Then her
eyes widened and she turned away, embarrassed.
“After what?” Ren asked, looking over in curiosity.
“… after you were poisoned that one time,” she whispered. “The doctor told me you had
been poisoned with belladonna berries. I thought it would be a good idea to do some research
afterward in the toxicology of belladonna and… it expanded into the horticulture of the
Mediterranean. It was an interesting line of research, though I wasn’t sure how much of it is
applicable here..."
“Why wouldn’t it be?” the Phantom Thief countered, to the Shielder’s surprise. “If a lot of
the plants around here are located around the Mediterranean, then I’d say it’s plenty
applicable. Anything you can tell me about the plant life around here? Might lead to some
clues that we could use.”
Mash’s eyes widened, then glittered in delight. Immediately she launched into a recitation of
what she learned – the prevalence of broadleaf trees that compose the forests, primarily oak
which was the sacred tree of Zeus, as well as pine and walnut. The thick shrubbery all around
them that went by different names like phrygana in Greece. Various herbs that had medicinal
properties, such as the common chamomile and the red valerian, and even for cooking such
as sage and fennel.
Ren smiled as he listened to Mash continuing to list different species of plants around them
from what she had studied. He knew she had been working hard in her own right, through
both her own studies and her training with Leonidas. He was eager to see what she would
become in the future – undoubtedly she had the potential to be as grand as the Servants they
fought alongside.
Then his eyes rested on something – a bunch of yellow flowers growing nearby. Before he
knew it, he found himself kneeling next to them, a finger gently lifting a petal.
“Are you curious about that flower, senpai?” Mash asked. Morgana and Siegfried were
behind her, looking over curiously before the latter caught up with Joan and Drake to talk to
them.
The Phantom Thief opened his mouth to answer, then reconsidered. “Not… curious – at least,
not in that sense,” he replied with a wry smile. “I know this little guy – the common
snapdragon. In flower language, it means deception and graciousness.”
The Shielder blinked in surprise. “Kind of like you, senpai!” she chirped.

“You think so?” Ren laughed. “Yellow’s not really my color though – it suits my friend Ryuji
a lot more, if you ask me. I used to sell them back in Tokyo, along with other flowers. You’d
be surprised at what people ask me to make for them.”
Mash tilted her head. “Do they not simply ask for a bouquet?” she asked. She only heard of
flowers being sold in passing, either individually as a more romantic gesture or in bouquets
for either congratulatory or an even greater romantic reason.
“A few do,” Ren confirmed. “But most want one for specific reasons – to congratulate
someone for a promotion or a new job, to celebrate a baby’s new birth, or the ever-classic
Valentine’s or to bring to a date or loved one. Aside from aesthetics – which are incredibly
important, don’t get me wrong – the flowers chosen could also convey a certain meaning
when bundled together. Most of them are touching messages, of course, though once or twice
I put together bundles that I’m pretty sure were insults.”
The Shielder’s eyes widened. “That’s terrible!” she gasped, taken aback. “Why would they
do such a thing?”
The Phantom Thief shrugged. “Who knows?” he replied. “Everyone has their own reasons
for what they do or what they want. And if that’s what they want, then who am I to restrict
them? So long as they’re aware of what they’re doing and know the consequences, then all I
can do is send the flowers off with a smile. The flowers never really hurt anyone intentionally
anyway.”
Mash hesitated. “And… what if they’re not aware?” she asked softly.
“I try my best to let them know,” Ren answered with a now thinner, yet still wry smile.
“Thankfully a few customers get my subtle hints before going too far. The ones who are
deliberate… well, not much I can do about that.”
“… I didn’t realize that selling flowers had such complexities,” the girl mused.
“Well, that’s the exception rather than the norm,” he reassured her. “Besides, it’s not so bad –
you get to chat with people from all walks of life. A guy trying to confess properly for the
first time. A sister celebrating her brother’s marriage. Grandparents who are about to witness
their grandchild be born. They’re about as plentiful, different, and vividly colored as all the
flowers in the store. I rarely got bored.”
As the Phantom Thief spoke about them, he could recollect each customer fairly clearly in his
mind, which was odd – under normal circumstances, their faces would be indistinct to him.
Just people he met among the dozens of customers he had when he worked at the flower
shop. They all had their own stories, sure, but it would’ve quickly been buried among all his
other experiences.
But now? Now they stood out so clearly to him. Was it just because of this flower? Was it
because he had recollected the story to Mash that he remembered it so clearly? Or was it
simply because they were all gone – just like every single person in the world aside from
Chaldea? His senior coworker, Suzuka, said she was going to America with her boyfriend
over the summer. He wondered if they had a good time.

“Perhaps I should work at a flower shop myself,” Mash idly mused. “It definitely sounds
rather informative.”
“Heh, maybe,” Ren agreed. It was easy to imagine her as a flower shop clerk. Her lilac hair
would even be a good match for it too. Perhaps once the world was brought back, that could
be something she could explore for herself. It would certainly be a great way for her to
experience the world and meet all sorts of people like he had.
His smile slowly vanished from his face as he contemplated. He had already dedicated
himself to the Grand Order so he could bring the whole world back. But the more he thought
about it, the more overwhelming the mission seemed. Just the two main singularities they had
been on had been monstrous: The Dragon Witch and the devastation of France, and the
United Roman Empire and their countless armies. And those were the easier ones. That
didn’t include the hunts and that odd singularity of Elizabeth’s.
It all just rubbed in his face that, despite saving Tokyo and taking down both Yaldabaoth and
Maruki, there was so much he lacked. When he had been slow to recover at the start, what he
had done to Joan, his failings with Ritsuka and Mash, when he had been too slow to save that
soldier from bleeding out… he could have been – should have been – faster, stronger, more
intelligent about it all. There were other ways he could’ve handled himself and make them all
stronger.
Yet he didn’t. Time and time again, he had failed. And there was still much to go. How many
singularities would there be left? How many more mistakes would he make? How many of
those would he even be able to recover from? He had saved Tokyo before – twice, even –
through a combination of his friends, happenstance, and his own burgeoning skills. Would
that be enough here? Would anything be enough?
While he didn’t have an answer, he only knew that he would never stop. That understanding
coiled around his heart like an icy serpent. It was a sinking, crushing kind of determination he
had only felt once before: When he woke on the floor of the Velvet Room after he and his
team had their existences erased – the result of their first assault into the depths of Mementos.
Everything he was currently doing might just be the pointless flailing of a dying animal, yet
that didn’t stop him in the least. Running on spite and defiance wasn’t a perfect substitute for
hope, but it was motivation all the same.
“Senpai…?” Mash asked, watching him in concern as his mood slowly shifted and became
gloomy. “Is something the matter?”
“Oh, just reflecting on when I’ll get to see those people again,” the Phantom Thief replied
with a humorless smile. His eyes turned up to the sky. The now sunny weather now seemed
to be mocking him with its brightness and cheer. “Just getting the sinking feeling it’ll be quite
a while is all.” His words were murmured more than spoken, as though he was saying it more
to himself in resignation than to answer her.
Mash swallowed as she observed Ren’s face with growing concern. The furrows in his brow,
his cynical, biting tone, and most importantly, his smile. Normally it held such warmth and
friendliness, it didn’t reach his eyes and was cold to witness. She had seen him weather

through harsher situations with a laugh and a smirk. It heartened and encouraged her. What
she saw now, that expression on her senpai’s face… this wasn’t him at all.
She could not let this stand.
“It won’t be, senpai,” the Shielder denied. Her tone carried such vehemence that the young
man turned to her in surprise. “We will bring everyone back – and sooner rather than later. It
may be difficult and the path is long, but it can and will be done! And if I must push myself
even harder to become the kind of Servant needed, then I will!”
Ren could only blink several times at Mash’s sudden outburst. Slowly, a smile spread across
his lips as a weight lifted off his shoulders. “Yeah, you’re right,” he agreed quietly. “Thanks,
Mash. That… that means a lot to me.”
The Shielder froze momentarily at the sight of his smile. “O-of course, senpai,” she
stammered slightly. “Just… I meant what I said. Both that we’ll get everyone back and I’ll do
my best to be even better – both to protect you and to fulfill our mission.”
“I know,” the Phantom Thief replied. “Just don’t push yourself too hard, alright? You’re
already doing a lot as is, and I’m more than grateful for all of it.”
“I won’t,” Mash promised with a cheerful smile of her own, widening Ren’s own in turn.
“OI!!” came a sudden irritated shout from Drake through the forest, causing both of them to
jump. “Are you two gonna pick flowers all day or are we gonna get a move on?!?”
Ren chuckled as he stood back up, brushing the dirt off his knees. “Come on,” he said. “We
better get going before Drake actually has us walk the plank.”
“I’m not sure her mood is good enough for that,” Mash noted as she stood up as well.
“Hm, true,” the Phantom Thief agreed as he rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “Maybe tie us to a
mast and use us for target practice?”
“I believe there’s an old practice of cutting pieces of flesh to use as fish bait,” the Shielder
added as they walked to catch up with her.
They both walked away, brainstorming methods that Drake would punish them. All the
while, the snapdragon flowers simply swayed with a gentle breeze, caring for little around it
save for the glowing afternoon sun.
“I can practically smell treasure down there,” Drake remarked, grinning hungrily.
“I’m practically smelling the danger down there,” Joan deadpanned.
The group had found a cave that led straight down. Sunlight filtered down and vanished into
its depths, leaving only darkness below. Around them, the trees had given way to a rocky
slope that gently rode until a sheer cliff a small distance away loomed over them. Other than
that, the cave seemed almost entirely ordinary.

Morgana took a sniff as his ears twitched. “Odd. I’m not hearing or smelling any bats,” he
noticed.
“Maybe they’re just farther in?” Mash suggested.
“Mash, believe me, after that hunt and all those bats, I couldn’t forget how the sounds or
smells even if I wanted to,” he shot back, shuddering with recollection. “No, I’m not even
catching a whiff or a squeak from them down there. If the cave’s empty, then there would be
bats nesting but if there isn’t… there’s probably something else in there.”
“Probably a bear or something of the sort,” the captain brushed off, then grinned. “Or maybe
a bigger creature. Think their bones and hide would sell for a lot?”
“Even during my time, dragon parts were quite valuable commodities,” Siegfried commented
as he crossed his arms. “The scales and hide made for surprisingly sturdy armor, the bones
were good for reconstruction material, and I believe its sinew and organs found much use
among the druids and wise men we had among us.”
“You would definitely know,” the captain replied with a smug grin. “Alright then! We’re
going in!” As she spoke, she reached into her coat and pulled out a rope that she wrapped
around a nearby tree, as well as a small lantern that she lit up.
“Where the heck did you keep all that?!” Morgana spouted in surprise as he looked up and
down Drake’s light clothing.
“Ain’t no sailor worth their salt that don’t have rope and a lantern wherever they’re needed
on the ship,” the captain snorted. “It’s common sense. Now hop to, daylight’s burning!”
Before anyone could object, she was already climbing down into the cavern with surprising
dexterity and speed.
Ren couldn’t help but laugh in amusement. “She does have a point,” he agreed. “So, who
wants to head down next?”
“Please, allow me, senpai,” Mash piped up. “I’ll make sure the area is secure before you
come down.”
“Sounds good,” the Phantom Thief easily agreed. “Siegfried, mind being rearguard?”
“Of course,” the dragonslayer immediately concurred.
Ren turned around to Joan and hesitated for a moment. “Joan-“ he began to say.
“I’ll head down right after Mash,” she growled, staring down in the cavern like it had
personally offended her. “In case she needs more firepower and just the captain won’t cut it.”
The Phantom Thief closed his mouth, then nodded. “Appreciate it,” he replied.
With the order decided, Ren turned back down to the cavern and saw the glimmer of Drake’s
lantern. “How’s it looking down there?” he called, hearing his voice echo.

“Empty and dark!” the captain’s raucous voice called back immediately. “I see a passageway
though! Let’s go!”
The Phantom Thief nodded and glanced at the others. They began climbing down one at a
time in the order described, with Morgana hopping on Ren’s shoulder as he climbed down
and acting as a sentry. His cat eyes peered around the cavernous chamber, the hint of sunlight
and the dim lighting of Drake’s lantern being all the lighting he needed to see every corner –
and found nothing. No hostile creatures, no traps, no bats, and no treasure.
Once Ren reached the ground, he took the flashlight out of his pocket and clicked it on. Now
that he was down here, he could see what Joan meant – or rather, smelled. Instead of the cold,
wet smell of earth, mud, or rock, it was rank and musty. It smelled more of a place where a
creature lived, though what he couldn’t say properly. It was intermingled with too many other
scents for him to get a bead on.
“Ugh, this place stinks,” Morgana complained, holding a paw of his nose. “No bats, but I
almost prefer them over this. The heck is down here anyway?”
Siegfried appeared with a shower of golden light and took a small sniff in response. “Long
rotten corpses, feces, scales, stale venom,” he listed with a frown as his hand flexed in
preparation to summon his greatsword. “I recognize these scents. We are either dealing with
some sort of serpent, or-“
“Wyverns,” Joan growled out, her grip on her sword tightening. “We should get out of here.
Now.”
“Are you all so lily-livered?” Drake spat. “I thought you two were warriors. How the hell is a
privateer braver than either of you? I brought you lot here for this exact reason – there’s no
reward without risk, as they say, and if this place is as dangerous as you say, then there’s
definitely something here we can work with. So no, we ain’t bailin’. If you are, then find
yourself another damn ship. Got it?”
The Lancer turned around to glare daggers at her. “You are dragging us into an enormous risk
for the sake of your greed,” she snarled.
“And what of it?” the captain spat back, easily meeting the Lancer’s rage with an impetuous
stare of her own.
The hostility between the two women was quickly growing thicker as the captain’s hand
wandered toward her pistols – then Ren suddenly popped up between them. “I understand the
concern,” he quickly said. “But this is a treasure hunt – sometimes we can get lost in the
moment, especially when we’re getting relatively close. With treasure hunts come danger –
it’s part and parcel of the whole deal, after all.”
Joan’s displeasure quickly morphed into a snarl. Before she could retort, however, Ren
continued. “That said, Joan has a point,” he added. “We shouldn’t take unnecessary risks for
treasure here. After all, you can’t really enjoy the treasure if you’re too dead for it.” Drake
paused, then nodded in agreement after a moment of consideration.

The Phantom Thief turned to the Lancer. “What do you suggest, Joan?” he asked.
The woman in question looked around her, scowling in distaste both at having to make a call
and the all-too-familiar scents and sights of the environment around her. “I’ll stay here for
now and guard the way out,” she growled. “Last thing we need is any wyverns sneaking up
from behind and catching us off guard – or cutting off our retreat.
Ren nodded in response and tossed her his flashlight, which she deftly caught in surprise.
“Thanks, Joan,” he replied with genuine gratefulness, to which she simply grunted slightly in
response before turning away. Taking the spare flashlight handed to him by Mash, he flicked
it on. “Now, captain, lead the way?” he asked.
Drake stared down at him for a moment with a satisfied smile. “You’re alright, Joker,” she
commented, smacking him hard in the back. She looked around her for a moment, then
nodded down a corridor. “This way, boys!” she confidently stated, marching toward it.
“Hope whatever we find is worth it,” Morgana whispered on Ren’s shoulder as he quietly
drew out his slingshot just in case.
The Phantom Thief chortled in amusement as he followed the captain. “Didn’t think you’d be
the one to pass up on treasure,” he quipped.
“I’m not,” his best friend shot back. “But… ugh. Wyverns. And underground too.”
“I’m sure we’ll be able to handle it,” Ren reassured him. “Right, Mash?”
“Huh?” Mash started. “Of course, senpai. I will keep you both safe. I swear it.”
“As will I,” came Siegfried’s measured response as he gave a small smile. Ren grinned in
response.
They marched on through the caves, their footsteps echoing along the strong walls and
ceilings. Drake was in the lead, marching confidently with her lantern held high as her alert,
experienced eyes quickly took in her surroundings for threats and treasure. Mash was right
behind her, shield in hand as her eyes darted about, alert for any wyverns. Ren followed
behind with Morgana still perched on his shoulder, his eyes blood red as this Third Eye took
in any and every detail possible. Siegfried brought up the rear, occasionally glancing behind
him in case they were pursued.
Before too long, they stopped at their first obstacle: a cliff face. It wasn’t too high – they
could easily see the top – but it was far too tall for a regular person to jump, and it was sheer
enough that simply climbing it wasn’t an option. As Drake fished out another length of rope
from her coat, Ren glanced at Siegfried. “Mind checking the top and making sure it’s all
clear?” he asked.
The dragonslayer nodded. Vanishing into a shower of golden light, he easily made his way to
the top and solidified himself out of spirit form once again, his eyes quickly checking the
surroundings. All he could see was a corridor that led further ahead. However, though the
scent of fire and venom was fainter, he could see more claw marks along the stone walls and

the cave’s stalactites and stalagmites. The tunnel was dragon made, but there were no
immediate threats he could register.
‘More claw marks here, but nothing that currently indicates the presence of wyverns in the
vicinity,’ the Saber mentally reported to Ren and Morgana. ‘All clear, Master.’
Ren nodded in response as Drake glanced over. “How’s it lookin’, Joker?” she asked.
“We’re good for now,” he replied before nodding to the rope. “Want me to take that up
there?” he asked.
Drake raised an eyebrow. “Think your doodad can get up there?” she inquired, nodding to the
Phantom Thief’s wrist where the grappling hook was still strapped on.
Ren grinned. “Time to find out,” he cheekily replied. Raising his arm, he expertly fired up at
one of the more solid-looking stalagmites standing near the edge of the cliff. It wrapped
around easily and secured itself before beginning to reel the Phantom Thief in. Taking the
rope from Drake, he jumped and allowed it to pull him up, rapidly up the cliff and reaching
the top, where Siegfried patiently awaited him. Withdrawing the hook, he tied the rope
around the selfsame stalagmite before tossing the length of the edge to the women waiting
below.
“Didn’t expect to do a lot of spelunking,” he casually commented as he watched Drake easily
climb up. “This singularity’s been full of surprises.”
“Most adventures often are,” Siegfried agreed, his eyes still peering into the darkness beyond
for threats.
“How many times have you dived into caves?” the Phantom Thief asked casually, glancing
over in curiosity.
The dragonslayer paused as he considered. “A fair number of times,” he answered. “Many
monsters take to the underground as their lair, and many kings and lords bury their wealth
with them into their tombs. Sometimes monsters even make those their roost as well. I’ve
cleared out such dens no small number of times during my travels.”
“Good thing we brought you along, then,” Ren replied with a grin. “How are things looking
in your opinion?”
Siegfried glanced around them. “I would say that while the situation isn’t ideal, it certainly
could be worse,” he replied with a wry smile of his own. “At the very least, the risk isn’t
enough to dissuade either you or the captain from any riches we might find, I’d assume?” He
directed his last words at Drake who was climbing over the edge of the cliff.
The woman laughed heartily. “That’s right!” she declared, though at least keeping her voice
restrained enough so they didn’t echo down the corridor. “If we’re not wading waist deep in
monsters, then the treasure is more than worth it! And so far, we haven’t encountered any
yet!”

“Don’t jinx it,” Morgana grumbled with a shudder. “While I’m a sucker for treasure as much
as anybody, I don’t want to be too dead to enjoy it.”
Mash clambered up the rope as Drake nodded in agreement, far faster than the captain
herself. After the rope was untied and coiled back, they kept moving.
The caverns were surprisingly direct. Aside from one or two forks, all of which led to dead
ends, it was a single corridor throughout, with only the occasional steep face or plateau. Yet
the perpetual upward slope of the ground turned the trek from a march to a hike. On and on it
went as it continued to climb upward with seemingly no end.
Even with the enchantments of the Chaldean Master uniform, Ren could feel his own limbs
start to strain and ache. He had barely been able to rest after the events of the storm,
alongside maintaining his summoning of Cerberus for Ritsuka for hours after. While he
regretted none of it, he was starting to run on fumes. Taking a deep breath to force some more
oxygen into his burning lungs, he reached up to wipe some sweat off his forehead.
“Are you alright, senpai?” Mash asked concernedly, looking over at Ren.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “I’m fine,” he reassured her. “It’s just a bit of a workout. Didn’t
think I’d go for a hike today either. I’d have brought some climbing boots if I did.” Despite
his reassurance, he could feel his legs burning from the effort as he gasped for breath.
Marching despite his exhaustion in such a taxing environment pushed against his limits. Not
that he minded much – this was rather fun, all things considered.
It reminded him of his first few times running with Ryuji back in Shujin. They had talked
about running more after he had gotten his physical therapy done, though now he decided to
add in hiking to the mix. He wasn’t about to suffer alone through this.
“The air is getting thinner as well,” Siegfried noted with a small frown. “Take deeper breaths
and focus more on the diaphragm. It will be challenging going, but I will stop us if we are
ascending too far.”
“Good to know,” Drake remarked. She was in far better condition than Ren was, most likely
to her enhanced condition from her own Grail. “We’re climbing pretty high up – the air’s got
a bit of a bite to it too. It’s gonna be a pain in the ass to haul the treasure back.”
“But I’m guessing we’re not stopping-“ Ren began, then froze with everyone else. “Until
now,” he finished with a whisper.
The corridor had opened up into an enormous chamber. The air had become far cooler though
the scents it carried were far stronger. Numerous claw marks and discolorations from acid
and venom marked the stone walls and the rubble of stalactites and stalagmites all around
them. A burbling stream flowed through the chamber, providing a source of fresh water.
And within lay countless wyverns, all nestled and asleep. Their great bodies slowly raised
and lowered with each breath, their low growls and snores echoing against the stone walls.
Occasionally they shifted, the sound of their scales scraping against rock and the skin of their
wings rustling causing their hearts to stop momentarily before quiet fell once more.

“… we need to turn back,” Morgana urged, staring wide-eyed at the pack as Mash quietly slid
to the front, ready to summon her shield at any time. “There’s way too many here.”
“Tch, not on your life,” Drake growled. “The treasure’s just beyond there.” She pointed at a
nearby exit, where sunlight shone through on the other side. While it was on the nearer side
to them, but in their way lay at least nine sleeping wyverns. “And I took note of our path –
there’s no way around, climbing in from outside isn’t gonna work. It’s this way or not at all.”
Ren frowned as he considered his options. “You guys think you can take them all out?” he
asked, looking over at Siegfried and Mash.
The dragonslayer silently counted the numbers and glanced at the chamber. “It would be
possible,” he answered. “However, I do not advise it.”
He pointed up at the ceiling. “The structural integrity of the chamber is already weakened –
most likely from the scuffles of the wyverns,” he explained. “A fight here could very well
collapse everything on top of us and make our return… considerably more complicated, to
put it mildly.”
“Yeah, that’d be pretty bad,” the Phantom Thief agreed. Looking back toward the exit, his
eyes, honed by experience, began picking out a path that wove between the wyverns. “… I
think there may be a way through,” he whispered.
“Joker…” Morgana called out warningly.
“It’s risky,” he admitted. “I’ll probably have to find a new course for the return trip – if it’s
even possible. Should we push forward, captain?”
Drake frowned. She critically gazed at the wyverns, the exit, then finally turned back to Ren.
“Can ya do it?” she asked bluntly.
Ren replied only with a glance, and a swift, confident nod.
“Then lead on, Joker,” she declared.
The Phantom Thief smiled once again before turning to the others. “Follow closely,” he
ordered.
With that, he began making his way steadily and carefully forward. Despite the low, rumbling
growls of the wyverns and the gurgling of the stream, what echoed loudest to him was his
own heartbeat. This wasn’t the first time he had to sneak through blind spots on a path – if
anything, it reminded him of evading cameras back in Kaneshiro’s Palace – but he hadn’t
done so in real life before, without cognition masking their presences. All it took was one
slip, one bad step, and there was a very real possibility of waking everything in here up.
He spared a glance behind him. Morgana was on his shoulder still, his ears twitching as he
kept a sharp eye out for any movement or activity. Mash was right behind him, her face pale
but pushing on regardless with a determined expression. Drake followed closely, her eyes

darting at the wyverns as her hands remained close to her pistols. Siegfried brought up the
rear, looking surprisingly most at ease though very much on guard.
Facing forward again, he couldn’t help the small rush of joy in recollection. While things
were different, it felt like old times.
Wading their way past the wyverns, they moved carefully, avoiding stepping on any bones or
shed scales on the way. The tiniest bit of sound was deafening in their ears, from the scrape
of their shoes and boots to the small bits of gravel and remains they kicked aside or stepped
on. They froze every time a wyvern twitched or snorted in their sleep, then relaxed and
continued as the creatures continued slumbering.
With each methodical step towards the exit, the air became cooler and fresher, promising
them escape from the lair. Ren could practically feel the breeze on his face, stinging and cold.
His heart almost leaped out of his mouth from sheer impatience and exuberance at getting
out. He could feel Morgana’s claws dig into his shoulder and knew his best friend felt
similarly. Despite it all, he didn’t grow reckless and kept moving cautiously and warily.
Focused eyes and coordinated movements dancing slowly between limbs. It was alright.
They simply needed to keep making progress, and sooner or later they’ll get outThen one of the wyverns shifted, whipping its tail around until it was right in front of Mash’s
legs. The Shielder toppled over with a startled squeak, falling hard against the wyvern to
brace herself. Everyone immediately froze, eyes wide as they turned to watch the creature’s
reactions. None of them dared to breathe as the wyvern slowly raised its head. Its two pairs of
eyelids opened groggily as it looked around to see what had disturbed its sleep.
Then slowly it craned its head – and spotted the group. For a moment, nothing happened as
they all stared at one another. Then to the group’s horror, the pupils of the wyvern’s eyes
began to narrow as its jaws parted, a low growl resonating in its throat“Succubus!” Ren hissed. The devilish figure blazed into being, swiftly attracting the attention
of the monster. Before it could do anything, the persona pointed at the wyvern, a swirl of
magic emanating from the tip of its finger. The creature stopped, transfixed, then collapsed in
a heap and began snoring. The group stared in surprise, then turned to Ren in askance. In
response, as the persona dissipated, the Phantom Thief glanced at the others and nodded
urgently to the exit.
Picking up their pace, they swiftly wove past the wyvern and reached the exit, finally
reaching the outdoors. It led out onto a narrow, barren cliffside. The late afternoon sun blazed
overhead, causing them to squint as their eyes adjusted to the light. A small mountain path
lay before them with a sheer cliff drop off to the side, falling down to the verdant carpet of
green forest far below. It stretched on further upward into another cave, the shadows
concealing whatever lay within.
“Okay, I think we’re safe here,” Ren panted out after they got some distance away from the
wyverns’ lair.
“I-I’m so sorry, everyone!” Mash apologized, bowing frantically. “I didn’t m-mean to trip
like that! I hadn’t expected the w-wyvern to put out its tail like that and I fell and-“

“It’s fine, Mash,” Ren quickly reassured the Shielder with a smile and a shrug. “You didn’t do
anything wrong. Sometimes, unexpected things happen. We managed to recover and get out.
All in all, I’d say it went pretty well.” That said, he could feel his circuits blazing painfully
against his flesh. He hadn’t recovered fully from the turmoil of the storm yet, it seemed.
“Aye,” Drake agreed, stretching in the open air with a broad grin. “Can’t go blaming yourself
when there’s a rogue wave or current knockin’ you off course. We all did good, and the
treasure’s just up ahead! Nice bit of trickery you did there, Joker!”
Ren shrugged. “Had to act fast,” he brushed off. “But at least it worked.”
“Heh, don’t sell yourself short,” Morgana chuckled. “That was awesome as always, Joker!”
A cold wind blew from above the mountain, its chill biting into their skin. The catlike being
shivered and sneezed on Ren’s shoulder. “In any case, we better get a move on,” he sniffed.
“It’s cold as heck up here, and I’d rather not be around for when the wyverns actually do
wake up.”
“Agreed,” Siegfried replied as he monitored the exit to make sure they weren’t being
pursued. “Let us proceed.”
Avoiding the edge of the cliff, they cautiously made their way across. The frigid winds made
keeping their balance tricky as they maneuvered past any loose or smooth rocks. Every once
in a while, some rubble collapsed either from the edge of the path or from high above, raining
gravel down. Siegfried continued to watch the cave exit to make sure they weren’t followed
while Drake marched in front, her hands near her pistols in case of anything unexpected.
As they walked across, Ren couldn’t help but look out at the landscape beyond - at the
verdant forests below until they hit the golden border of sand before stretching out into the
vast sea beyond. He could barely see the Golden Hind; a mere dark dot in the distance.
Heights weren’t something he was unfamiliar with, considering Tokyo Tower and the
fantastical natures of Palaces. But to see it in reality and behold all of nature like this
unfolding before him was a different matter entirely.
‘I see why people loved exploring,’ he mused to himself. Maybe if he had the opportunity, he
would go traveling himself and see the world. Whether civilization or nature, he wasn’t sure
yet. Why not both? He had time.
Step by careful step they made their way across to the opposite side. Siegfried continued
watching the lair of wyverns for any movement, though thankfully there had neither been
sight nor sound of them monsters. Soon, the shadows of the cave overtook them as they
stepped back underground. The wind outside became a whistling howl as it blew past the
opening, the rock walls shielding them from their chill.
Ren and Morgana had to blink their eyes several times to readjust to the darkness – and
widened in surprise. Instead of the expected cave, the walls around them as well as the
ground were tiled albeit crumbling. Carved reliefs and statues loomed over them though
many of them were smashed to pieces with the reliefs scratched and worn away by claws and

venom. Though the cave was relatively small, they still felt tiny compared to the decorations
that surrounded them.
“Didn’t think we’d encounter another temple so soon,” Morgana murmured as he looked
around in surprise. “I thought this place had been completely uninhabited.”
“It’s pretty small for a temple,” Ren noted, shining his flashlight up at their surroundings. “It
feels… more like a shrine? Wonder who they worshipped here.” Taking out his phone, he
took a quick picture or two of the more intact pieces before stowing it back in his pocket.
Maybe Medea would know.
“The architecture here seems familiar,” Mash mused. “But it’s all too ruined for me to really
recognize it. Maybe it was dedicated to the worship of a local god or goddess?”
“Probably praying for good weather and seas,” Drake replied, kicking lightly a bit of rubble.
“On an island like this, anybody settled here would. But more importantly…” She looked
around with glimmering eyes and a broad grin. “A shrine here means treasure! Eyes peeled,
boys and girls! We ain’t leaving here empty-handed!” Hoisting her lantern higher, she
confidently marched deeper into the shrine.
“I shall remain here,” Siegfried announced. “And act as rear guard. I will inform you if
something is amiss.”
Ren grinned. “Thanks, Siegfried,” he replied before walking after the captain. “Come on,
Mash.”
“Y-Yes, senpai!” Mash quickly answered and followed.
They walked through the ruins of the shrine, looking for any signs of something out of the
ordinary. However, all they found was broken stone and dried venom. The few structures that
were left held nothing of value, either in wealth or mystery. There were a few skeletons
laying about, either curled up on the ground, hands clasped in worship, or simply slumped
against a wall.
“It’s definitely been a while since anyone has been here,” Morgana commented, glancing at a
skeleton, its bones weathered and crumbling away.
“Think it was the wyverns?” Ren wondered, flashing his flashlight at another.
Mash frowned slightly. “I don’t think so,” she mused. “At a glance, most of these skeletons
seem to be unharmed: No physical trauma, no marks from venom, no burns. Perhaps there
are other signs, but they’re too subtle for me to see. It may have been a different reason
altogether.”
“… Maybe they were trapped here by them instead,” the catlike being reasoned grimly. “And
they all wasted to death.” Neither Ren nor Mash answered him as they walked on in silence.
Finally, they reached the end of the shrine. Or rather, what remained of it: A cave-in.
Boulders and rocks of all sizes lay piled up in a heap, completely blocking off any site of

worship or exits it would have led to. One or two skeletons poked out from underneath the
rocks, their bones long since crushed with their jaws agape. The stones were weathered and
dusty – like the rest of the shrine, it was clear it hadn’t been disturbed in some time.
“Guess that answers our question,” Ren murmured as he scanned up the huge pile of rocks.
His eyes were blood red as his Third Eye scanned for any details, be it treasure or structural
weakness – and finding neither. “The only way out’s the way we came, it seems.”
“Through the wyvern nest,” Mash agreed quietly. She believed she was strong enough to
punch through the cave-in if necessary, but she knew that such geological structures were
more delicate than one presumed – it could very well bring everything down on top of them.
And even she wasn’t sure how well she could protect her senpai from such a dangerous
situation. Still, she filed the idea away in her mind just in case. It wouldn’t hurt to have more
options, after all.
“Anyone seen the captain?” Morgana asked, craning his head to look around.
Just as he asked, they heard her distinct, rough voice grunting nearby before some rubble fell
loose. They all looked at one another in curiosity before stepping over – and saw Drake
slowly pulling something out of some fallen rocks. “Mash, mind giving me a hand?” he
asked, glancing at the Shielder.
Mash nodded. “Of course, Master,” she agreed immediately.
Morgana hopped off as they walked forward. “Hecatoncheires!” Ren barked. With a flash of
blue flame, the hundred-handed giant appeared once again. With a mental command, the
persona leaned forward and grasped at a few pieces of rubble. Mash moved to the other side
and grabbed the stones there in turn. “One,” he called out. “Two. Three!” Together, they
lifted the debris off the chest, allowing the captain to easily pull it free, her momentum
sending her flying backward and crashing on her rear. Once that was done, they gently set the
debris back down.
Drake looked over at the persona in surprise before it faded away, then shook her head with a
chuckle. “Never out of surprises, are ya, Joker?” she asked rhetorically.
“I aim to please,” Ren replied, matching her grin. “What’ve we got?”
The captain’s smile broadened as she held up a small chest. “This,” she whispered. “This is
the treasure we came here for. Depending on what’s in here, it may be worth it, or it ain’t. But
only one way to find out.” Setting down the chest, she looked reached for the clasp – and saw
the bronze lock sitting there. With a curse, she pulled out her pistol and took aim at it“Wait, wait!” Morgana hissed desperately, causing Drake to glare at him. “We can open it
with less… violent methods!” Reaching into his pouch, he dug around, then pulled out a tiny
metallic implement: a lockpick. With a grin, he offered it to Ren. “Care to do the honors,
Joker?” he asked cheekily.
The Phantom Thief’s mouth dropped slightly, then broke into a happy grin. “Gladly,” he
accepted, taking the lockpick from his best friend and mentor. Squatting down, he began

working on the lock, feeling out its interior mechanisms… and frowned slightly. It was
getting more resistance than he expected. Most likely it had rusted within from all the
weathering. This would be more challenging than he thought, and he was out of practice.
His frown turned into a tiny smirk. Nothing out of the ordinary for him, then. Besides, it was
simply more difficult, not impossible.
Gently feeling out the pins within, he carefully pushed each one up until he felt something
different – slightly stiffer and more difficult to push, a sensation that only came from long
experience – then pushed the pin into place. He worked carefully but skillfully, without either
rushing or hesitating. Once the last pin fell into place, the inner mechanisms clicked audibly,
loud enough for everyone around him to hear and stir. Rotating the lockpick slowly, he slid
the barrel until finally, the lock disengaged and released.
With a smile of satisfaction, he withdrew the lockpick and removed the lock. “Looks like I’m
a bit rusty,” he admitted with a grin as he tossed the former back to Morgana. “But at the very
least, I didn’t break the lockpick.”
The catlike being deftly caught it with ease and placed it back in his pocket with a chuckle.
“I’ll say,” he agreed. “Remember how you used to break a lockpick every time you opened a
chest?”

The Phantom Thief chuckled in reminiscence. The early days certainly had been rough on his
wallet and supplies.
Suddenly, a blow to his back got him staggering. “You never run out of tricks, do you?”
Drake remarked with an amused grin. “Good work, Joker!” She switched her attention to the
chest, her eyes gleaming with undisguised greed. “Now, let’s see what ya got…” she
whispered as she reached over to the lid. Everyone watched closely as she slowly raised it…
And were met with yet more stones.
“Is… is that it…?” Mash whispered. She had been standing on tiptoe to watch over Drake’s
shoulder and see what the treasure was. “Perhaps they meant to put some treasure away and
rubble fell in instead?”
“You were hoping for treasure, weren’t you?” Morgana asked with a smirk.
“Wha-“ the Shielder immediately spluttered. “Er- I was, um, that is, I-!”
“It’s fine, Mash,” Ren reassured her. “We all expected treasure when we opened that chest, so
it’s fine to be disappointed if all we got were just a bunch of stones.” Then to her surprise, his
smile widened. “If they were just a bunch of stones. Right, captain?”
Mash turned in surprise to see Drake closely looking at the stones under the light of her
lantern. “You saw it too, eh?” she commented. “Aye, these aren’t just a bunch of stones.
Come here, girl.” The Shielder blinked in surprise but stepped over at her command.

Once she did so, the captain pointed out something on the rock – a vein of vivid color she
hadn’t noticed before. “See those there?” Drake elaborated. “You don’t find those in ordinary
rocks. These stones here are uncut gems! Not worth much now, aye, but take ‘em to a proper
jeweler and they’ll evaluate them before giving us a proper payout.”
The Shielder’s eyes immediately brightened in understanding. “Oh, I see!” she gasped. Then
she took a closer look. “Do… gem veins tend to glow?” she asked slowly.
The captain blinked several times at the girl before turning back to the stone in her hand.
“No, they don’t,” she replied, just as quietly with a frown. Taking her lantern, she placed it
away from the chest, allowing the shadows to engulf the rocks once more. As Mash said,
they were glowing slightly. Their light seemed to aim towards something, but it was far too
faint for them to see clearly.
“Here, can I?” Morgana asked, offering a paw. Drake casually tossed it over to the catlike
being, who deftly caught it and observed the glow of light. “This way,” he announced.
They followed him as he walked across the ruined shrine. Every once in a while, he glanced
up to double check his path and surroundings, a few times correcting his trajectory while he
was at it. Ren pondered using the Third Eye to help out, but he decided not to. If his best
friend believed he had it, then he had no reason to doubt him. Instead, he simply followed
along, keeping his flashlight low to the ground only to make sure they didn’t trip over
anything.
Finally, they stopped in some non-descript corner. The only thing of note was a pile of rubble,
no different than the rest of the ruins around them. “It’s pointing there?” Ren asked, eyeing it
in curiosity.
The catlike being nodded. “It is,” he confirmed. “Straight to it. But…”
“Something the matter?” Mash asked with a tilt of her head.
“Just a weird feeling against my fur,” he muttered in response with a frown. “Like… an air
current that’s going through the rubble. It doesn’t make any sense. Unless…”
Deciding to take the chance, he held out the stone and gently touched it against the debris.
Suddenly, it all vanished, leaving behind a tiny platform. Ren shone his flashlight on it,
revealing an odd figure placed on top of it: A small, carved statue of what seemed to be a
rearing horse, but its back half was replaced with a fish tail. The scales of the tail shimmered
with silver while its eyes gleamed with embedded sapphires. Its sheer decadence stood
starkly against the ruins that surrounded it.
The group looked at one another and immediately came to the same conclusion.
“Trap,” Morgana stated bluntly.
“Definitely a trap,” Ren agreed.
“It does seem rather suspicious,” Mash admitted.

“Aye,” Drake replied with a nod. “But no treasure’s without its risk, and given how it looks, I
say it’s worth takin’.” She stepped forward and glanced casually at the others. “You lot better
brace yourself!”
“Wait, you’re not seriously going to-!” the catlike being spluttered.
Before Morgana could finish his sentence, the captain stepped forward confidently and
swiped the idol off the pedestal. Immediately, its sapphire eyes began glowing with a bright
blue light. Out of its carved mouth emitted an ear-splitting whinny of a horse mixed with the
crash of waves. Drake held it away from her with a grimace of pain as everyone covered their
ears.
The shrieking stopped, its echoes soon fading down the cave. “Well, if that’s a curse-“ Drake
began.
Then another sound interrupted – this one a deep rumbling that became louder and louder.
Mash immediately summoned her shield and drew close to the others as they placed their
backs to each other, ready for whatever might attack them. The rumbling became deafening
as whatever was approaching drew closer. The entire shrine began quaking, showering them
concerningly with rubble.
Then the back end of the shrine, where it had caved in, exploded. Mash immediately
intercepted the flying debris, her shield standing resolutely as the rocks bounced and
deflected off of it. The rumbling became much louder – and the Shielder’s eyes widened as
something massive and heavy crashed against her shield, her feet carving furrows in the stone
beneath her as she did her utmost to stand her ground. She slowly looked up to see what she
was blocking…
And saw glowing stone.
Rolling against her shield was a gigantic, polished boulder, glowing with reinforcement
magic. It ground hard against her as it kept pushing against her. Gritting her teeth, she threw
her full might against her shield, forcing the rock back somewhat – only for it to push back
even harder against her. She saw a flash of light around her and suddenly, it became easier for
her to resist and push back against the boulder, but not by much. Whatever enchantments
were on this rock were considerable.
“Mash!” she barely heard her senpai cry out. “We’re clear! Get outta there!”
“Y-Yes!” the Shielder called back. With a roar, bolstered by Ren’s magecraft, she dug her
heels in and rammed her shoulder behind the shield. The force against the shield abated as the
boulder was pushed back a bit, as though it was recoiling in shock at the girl’s audacity. Then
with a rumble, it began rolling toward her again – but the brief reprieve was all she needed to
dash away from the boulder as it began gaining momentum again.
She quickly caught up to the group running for the shrine entrance. Ren grinned back at her
broadly. “Nice going, Mash!” he remarked. “That was quick thinking!”
“Thank you, senpai!” Mash panted out, slightly tired out. “Siegfried should be up ahead!”

“And with any luck, he’ll be able to slice that rock in two!” Drake laughed as she ran in front.
“Now come on! It’s gaining on us!”
They picked up the pace as the boulder began speeding up, running desperately as the ruins
of the shrine were crushed into oblivion behind them. It was just large enough to fill the
entire shrine, rendering any thought of simply diving to the side or hiding behind cover
pointless. The rumbling of the stone followed doggedly behind them like the oncoming rush
of inevitability.
Ren couldn’t help but give an exhilarated laugh at the whole situation. “The heck is so
funny?!” Morgana panted out in bemused surprise.
“This is just like Futaba’s Palace!” he pointed out with a broad grin at his best friend. “Less
emojis though!”
“Y-you have experience with this too, senpai?!” Mash asked in shock.
“Less talking, more running!” Drake yelled out. “Siegfried’s just up ahead!”
However, instead of the tall, powerful figure of the knight waiting for them, they were instead
greeted with the sight of countless scales, leathery wings, and claws swarming all over. The
great blade of Balmung cleaved in an arc, slicing through several wyverns and briefly
revealing the dragonslayer before he was surrounded once more. ‘Siegfried!’ Ren called out
in concern.
‘Good timing, Masters,’ he replied, a forced calm to his tone. ‘The wyverns were awakened
by that sound earlier and immediately came this way. I presume something occurred within?’
‘Something like that,’ Ren admitted. ‘Need a hand?’
‘Thank you, but that shall be unnecessary,’ Siegfried replied. With a maelstrom of slashes,
the Saber cut down the wyverns all around him. As their dismembered, bloody pieces fell
around him, their compatriots fell back with startled squawks, fluttering and hovering all
around him in fear. Even then, however, their cries soon became even more outraged.
‘Nice!’ Morgana crowed as they raced past the opening with the stone still pursuing them.
‘That was awesome, Siegfried!’
“Fine bladework there!” Drake complimented Siegfried. A battery of culverins appeared
around Drake and blasted upward. The cannonballs crashed into the cave ceiling, causing it
to rapidly begin collapsing on top of them and forcing Mash to raise her shield to protect both
Ren and Morgana from the debris. The wyverns’ cries were soon drowned out by the
showering rock as they were buried alive.
As they ran through the other entrance, the gigantic boulder slammed against the far too
narrow opening. It began moving backward to regain momentum, but it was stopped by the
cave-in behind it. All it could do was quake, the glowing symbols on the rock glowing
ominously and angrily, trying to break free in vain.

Ren caught his breath as they all stared at the boulder trying to roll in vain. Aside from its
rumbling, the screeches of wyverns were distant and faint, echoing through small openings
and holes within the caves that led outside. Whatever wyverns had been pursuing them
clearly couldn’t get through the new obstructions in the way. He opened his mouth to give the
command to head back‘WHAT THE HELL DID YOU GUYS DO?!?’
The enraged roar of Joan startled him, causing him to jolt and catch everyone’s attention.
‘Joan? What’s happening?’ he immediately asked, roping the others into the mental
conversation.
‘Wyverns are swarming all over the damn place!’ she snarled. ‘I cut down God knows how
many but more are coming! And there’s even more above ground too! We need to leave!
NOW!’
Drake looked around her as everyone’s eyes widened in horror. “The hell’s happening?” she
demanded.
“There’s wyverns everywhere,” Morgana briefly and grimly replied. “We gotta go!”
The captain needed no other prompting. With a quick nod, she led the others as they ran
down the way they came. Her surprisingly prodigious memory coupled with the rather
straightforward path they took in the first place made sure they didn’t get lost, and the
downhill slope of their path accelerated their escape.
Then came a second mental line. ‘Guys, the whole island’s buzzing like a kicked beehive,’
Ritsuka commented worriedly. ‘What happened?’
‘Got some treasure, sprung a trap,’ Ren briefly explained with a forced lightness to his tone.
‘How are you and the others? Any wyverns approaching?’
‘Medea wove some mysteries to shield and disguise us,’ the girl reassured him. ‘But we sailed
a bit further away for good measure. David’s on the lookout to give you guys cover fire and
make sure none of them get too close to your boat but he can’t do much more than that.
Should I send Martha?’
The Phantom Thief considered for a bit, then shook his head. ‘No,’ he declined. ‘Keep her
nearby in case you guys get attacked. We’ll be back shortly.’ He glanced over at Drake. “I’m
in contact with Ritsuka,” he said. “You have any orders you want to give to your crew?”
Drake blinked in surprise. “Tell the men to make ready to sail,” she barked. “Soon as we’re
on board, we’re leaving!” Ren relayed the instructions then cut off the communication to
focus on running. At least lines of communication they had put in place were all working as
expected.
As they emerged back into the chamber they had entered from, a gruesome sight awaited
them: countless wyvern corpses laying on the ground, cut or shot down and set ablaze.
Amidst it all stood Joan, panting for breath as she held her banner and sword in either hand.

She was covered in numerous wounds that wept blood, the skin around them turning a sickly
shade of green. The far side of the chamber had seemingly been caved in, but numerous
openings around its edges indicated how the wyverns had managed to get in anyway.
At their approach, the Lancer whirled about fiercely and raised her blade, then stopped at the
sight of the group. She had one eye closed to keep the blood that was flowing from her head
out. “They backed off for now, but not for long,” she growled. “I’ll cover the rear. You guys
get going!”
“Not like that, you’re not!” Morgana protested. “Mercurius!” Before she could utter another
word, the catlike being’s persona burst into being. With a wave of his staff, Joan was bathed
in a green glow as her wounds quickly healed and sealed back up while the flesh returned to a
more normal tinge of color.
Wincing at the loss of energy, he nevertheless surveyed her and nodded with satisfaction.
“There,” he declared. “Now, how bad is it on the surface?”
The shriek of a flight of wyverns soaring right by above them answered his question. “We
need to secure our exit or we’re gonna be stuck down here,” Ren stated, his mind working
quickly. “Siegfried, I need you to head to the surface first. Mash, Joan, you’ll climb the ropes
first and back him up.”
“What about you and the others, senpai?” she asked in concern.
“We’ll be right behind you climbing the rope as well,” he answered. “Once it’s secure, you
guys grab the rope and pull us all up at once. Then we’ll make our getaway back to the boat.
The Shielder paused, then nodded. Siegfried disappeared in a shower of golden light as he
entered spirit form while Joan and Mash hopped onto the rope and clambered up at inhuman
speeds, almost flying rather than climbing.
“Right, fastest climber first,” Drake declared, whirling around at them. “Cat, get on! I’ll go
next, then you, Joker!”
The catlike being opened his mouth to protest, but a glance from Ren stopped him. The
Phantom Thief was pretty certain in terms of climbing speed they were more or less equal –
though Morgana had a greater advantage thanks to his smaller mass. With a grumble, he
hopped onto the rope and quickly began ascending. Drake gave a quick tug on the rope to
make sure it was secure, secured the small treasure chest she hauled with her to the back of
her belt, then began climbing as well. Ren soon followed, his poor condition making him
struggle to keep up.
Above them, the sound of blades singing and wyverns shrieking echoed down into the
caverns. It was soon followed by the faint, almost inaudible sound of heavy, fleshy masses
hitting the ground. Whatever they heard, it didn’t deter any of them from continuing their
climb. The opening grew as they got closer and closer, the scent of fresh air and blood hitting
their nostrils as the brightness of daylight caused them to squint. Their freedom was still far
away, yet it felt so close, so infinitely close. They simply needed to keep going.

Then the rope shook, causing all three of them to freeze. Something was pulling on the other
end of it. Was it one of the Servants, or was it a wyvern about to tear it to pieces?
A moment later, the rope began surging upwards, pulling them with it. Drake gave an
exhilarated laugh as Ren smiled in relief. Good – it seemed the three had managed to keep
the wyverns at bay. The shoreline wasn’t too far away either, it’d be a beeline straight for the
boat, then rowing their way back to the ship. Just as hectic as escaping a collapsing Palace.
For a moment, he thought he saw a shadow slither out from the far side of the cave. Ren
rapidly drew his pistol and aimed at the wyvern now flying directly toward him and fired,
directly striking its eye. The creature shrieked and flailed in agony as it fell short of them…
and ripped Ren right off the rope with a claw that had just caught his pants.
“REN!” Morgana screamed. The sight of his best friend being dragged into the shadows was
the last thing he saw before they were pulled onto the surface – where countless wyverns
shrouded the skies . “Ren’s still down there with a wyvern!” the catlike being immediately
spouted, his eyes wild as he immediately pointed down at the cavern entrance. “We gotta go
back!”
Mash’s eyes widened at the news and turned to rescue her senpai, shield in hand, when a
tendril of thought connected to almost everyone present. ‘I’m fine, I’m fine!’ Ren’s voice
gasped. ‘Sorry for worrying you! How bad’s the situation up there?’
‘Bad,’ Siegfried grimly replied as he sliced down another wyvern while Drake blasted a few
more out of the air behind him. ‘This island appears to be a veritable nest. Movement of any
sort will be tremendously difficult, and I see even more approaching.’
‘Just give us a second, senpai!’ Mash called out as Joan charged past her to kill more
swarming in. ‘We’ll get you out and we’ll retreat to the boat!’
‘No!’ the Phantom Thief immediately barked, to everyone’s surprise. ‘Get back to the boat
and secure the exit out! We can’t lose our only way back!’
‘But-!’
‘It’s fine!’ he reassured her. She could almost hear the grin in his voice. ‘I’ll be back up in just
a second! Just get going!’
Morgana grit his teeth, then made up his mind. ‘Everyone, we’re heading out!’ he ordered as
he took out his slingshot. ‘I’ll give us an opening! Siegfried, get their attention and get those
wyverns away from the hole after we leave!’
‘By your will, Master!’
There was a sigh of relief in their minds. ‘Thanks, Mona,’ Ren chuckled.
‘You better get back safe and sound,’ the catlike being growled. Taking out several flash
bombs from his pouch, he loaded them into his Chaldean Arms. ‘Everyone, NOW!’ he roared
before firing them into the midst of the wyverns surrounding them. They exploded with

brilliant flashes, dazzling and blinding the monsters. With startled screeches of bewilderment,
they crashed into one another and fell to the ground in tangled heaps of scales, fangs, and
wings.
Once the opening was made, the group immediately dashed for the beach, Siegfried making a
show of cutting down wyverns and even trees to grab their attention. Soon, they were
pursued by the swarm – leaving the hole alone.
Mash raised her shield and deflected a pair of talons as she ran. ‘Please, stay safe, senpai,’
she murmured concernedly to Ren.
The Phantom Thief chuckled. ‘When have I not?’
That’s what he told them, anyway.
He breathed a heavy sigh of exhaustion and pain as his persona Siegfried vanished. At his
feet was the wyvern that attacked him, its head missing. His circuits burned against his flesh
as his muscles rang in protest. His bones felt like they were made of water as he leaned up
against the cave wall. Reaching up, he gently rubbed his pulsing eyes while straightening his
feverish thoughts. Did he have a fever?
The sound of wyverns slowly receded, the echoes of their screeches louder than their
presence. They must’ve left. Good. Now he just needed to rendezvous with the others after
sneaking past whatever wyverns remained. It shouldn’t be an issue for him – it wasn’t
anything he hadn’t done before.
Ren chuckled to himself. It was a refreshing change of pace, not being the distraction this
time.
Heaving himself off the wall, he aimed at a root sticking out of the edge of the hole and fired
his grappling hook. It sped upward, a glimmer in the sunlight its only sign of its existence.
Once it wrapped around and snagged, it reeled the Phantom Thief upward effortlessly,
propelling him through and out of the hole, launching him out and to the soft soil beyond.
With a tug, the grappling hook unwrapped and slid back into the launcher.
He rotated his shoulder with a wince. Once he got back to Chaldea, he would have to ask
Medusa for another massage. Not that he exactly had time to rest. He had used his personas a
lot more than he expected on this trip and was running on fumes at this point. Avoiding
further usage of his magecraft and combat was as essential as speed. Ren smirked slightly as
he took off toward the shore in a quick run, the sounds of roars and crackling flames in his
ears.
Business as usual.
Archer was highly accustomed to dirty work. His duties as a counter guardian often meant
massacring countless people and threats to humanity - often a grisly fate for both him and his
victims alike. Collateral damage had been acceptable… and unavoidable. The bodies of

innocent and guilty alike piled high underneath him as he carried out his grim task, staining
his hands with their blood. And there was always a threat to humanity, leaving him no
reprieve.
Still, at the end of the day, hanging up his sword and bow was simply never an option for
him, no matter how much he begged for it in his heart. He had killed, he killed, and he would
kill again. That was the simple truth of who he was.
In comparison, his duties in Chaldea were considerably lighter. Allies he worked with
towards a common goal of preserving both the world and humanity, enemies that he had no
remorse or regrets about taking down, and their definition of ‘dirty work’ was far lighter in
comparison. Despite himself, there was a lightness in his heart he hadn’t felt in a very long
time – one that filled him with bitterness and amusement in equal measure.
His foolish past self would’ve loved this place.
“Artemis is settling down,” the red-mantled hero casually reported as he stepped into the
command room. “She took one of the rooms nearby the Graveyard wing – she seems to
prefer the quiet there compared to the main living quarters.” He had been chosen to be the
goddess’s chaperone in a tour of Chaldea as well as getting her set up – mainly so he could
keep an eye on her in case something went amiss or she threw yet another tantrum. For the
most part, however, it went smoothly, if a bit nauseating.
The displays of affection between Artemis and Orion weren’t things he was used to.
His report was met with a distracted silence as everyone stared at their monitors, with both
Da Vinci and Roman focusing on the central displays. It didn’t take much for him to guess
what had happened. “I take it our Masters have found themselves in trouble yet again?” he
drawled as he continued walking over.
Despite the casualness of his tone, his steel-grey eyes were already scanning the information
shown on the display and quickly piecing together the increasingly grim nature of the
situation at hand. If there was one thing his foolish past self and his current Masters had in
common, it was how they always seemed to be a magnet for trouble.
“You could say that,” Da Vinci answered with a forced lightness and smile. “The island they
had explored turned out to be a rather massive wyvern’s nest – and they managed to wake all
of them up while looking for treasure. We’re trying to secure a retreat for them though it has
been… difficult.”

“No doubt,” Archer murmured as he glanced over at the map – and saw something
concerning. “Ren is lagging behind,” he pointed out. “And his vitals are fluctuating
concerningly. Can we get into contact with him?”

Roman blinked at Archer’s words, glanced where he was pointing, then roundly cursed as he
finally saw the situation. “There should be an emergency contact we can use with the
communicators,” he replied as his hands flew past different menus. “We just haven’t used
those often to avoid either giving ourselves away or to prevent them from distracting the
team. Do you have something in mind, Archer?”
“Of sorts,” the red-mantled hero answered vaguely, crossing his arms as he checked the
positions of the Chaldeans and the wyverns. “But it will be pointless if we cannot get into
contact with him. Focus on that first.”
“Oi, the hell’s going on here?”
They all glanced up in surprise to see Cu Chulainn and Elizabeth walking in. The former
looked fairly relaxed, resting the back of his head in his hands while the latter looked more
annoyed at the whole situation. “Leave it to a dog to sniff out their Master’s trouble,” Archer
snarked before turning back to the map. “Unfortunately, we don’t have the time to play fetch
at the moment.”
The Irish Lancer clicked his tongue in irritation. “Always know how to piss someone off,
don’t ya?” he growled before casually glancing at the monitor, then letting out a low whistle.
“That’s a lotta wyverns,” he remarked. “Masters are up to something again?”
“Treasure hunting,” Da Vinci answered with a smile. “However, as with all good treasure
hunts, it seems to have been trapped. We’re currently figuring out an exfiltration route for
them.”
“Then why the heck is Raven so far behind?!” Elizabeth shouted, pointing at the little icon
that indicated Ren’s location. “Don’t tell me he told them to just leave him behind or
something while he ran on ahead! No way the kitty or Mash would ever let that slide!”
Roman winced. “That… is precisely what happened,” he admittedly lamely, flinching slightly
as he felt the heat of the idol’s indignation land on him. “I’m turning on the emergency
contact point now. However, it’s harder to establish proper communications so it’s taking
some time. 83%... 86%...”
Archer shook his head at the speed of the technology while keeping a watch on everyone’s
progress- and his eyes widened as he saw a mass congregate nearby emitting a large amount
of magical energy. “Roman,” he called out warningly.
The doctor looked up, his own eyes widening in horror, before looking down back at the
progress bar. “94%... 98%...” he called out worriedly, then the bar completed. “Signal locked!
Communications established!”
The red-mantled hero wasted no time in seizing the microphone on the desk. “Ren, hit the
dirt!” he roared. “NOW!”
His breath came out in ragged gasps as he ran. His heartbeat was loud in his ear. The cool
breeze that blew by him contrasted sharply to his burning skin and muscles, his sweat

running down his face. His heart and lungs felt almost fit to burst. His vision swam
worryingly, yet he dredged whatever reserves of energy he had left and pushed himself
onward, picking up the pace.
And behind him, above everything he currently heard or experienced, were the growls and
clambering of creatures behind him. Was it more wyverns? Was it some other manner of
nightmare? Hell, at this point he wouldn’t even be surprised if it were chimeras like the one
Ritsuka and her group hunted down. But he didn’t dare turn. If he turned, he would slow
down and falter. He couldn’t afford that.
So he kept running. Past what used to be the forest they had walked through, now uprooted
and torn to pieces. Their branches and roots all lay haphazardly in the churned dirt,
threatening to trip him if he wasn’t careful. For a moment, he idly wondered about the
snapdragons he had seen earlier. They were probably crushed underneath the wreckage,
though perhaps by some chance or circumstance, they survived.
Every time he slowed down even slightly meant his pursuers were gaining on him. Even at
his best he wouldn’t be able to handle an entire horde of wyverns and monsters easily. And as
he ran, he noticed some familiar landmarks, as ruined as they are. He was almost at the
beach. All he needed to do was run a bit further.
Soil began giving way to sand. Through the treeline, he could see swarms of wyverns
congregating on one location. He thought he saw a flash of Balmung and Joan’s spears while
Mash’s warcry rang clearly above the din of the monsters. Through his exhaustion, he had to
grin. It was pushing it, but he reached for his mask to assist themThen the communicator suddenly went off, interrupting him. Frowning in surprise, he quickly
tapped it open.
‘Ren, hit the dirt!’ Archer roared. ‘NOW!’
The Phantom Thief immediately dove for the ground – then everything erupted into a terrible
explosion of wind and blades. The sands around him churned and flew as he covered his
head, flattening himself as much as he could, even as he was rolled further down the beach.
As he ground his teeth and shut his eyes tight, vibrations rocked through his body and
painfully jarred his already sore muscles and bones. He could feel the sting at the back of his
head from his fingernails digging into his scalp – his only reminder of his sense of self
among the clamor and chaos all around him.
After what felt like an eternity passed, it all stopped. With an almost unconscious groan, he
slowly propped himself up and his vision swam as he blinked blearily. There was some
muffled shouting, barely audible over the ringing in his ears. His body felt incredibly sore
and tired, and wet for a reason he couldn’t place. His lips tasted salty for some reason. And
was sand always this comfy? It was tempting to close his eyes, just for a minute…
Then in a horrific rush, his senses came back to him – his vision and hearing cleared,
allowing him to take in the panicked shouts of the communicator and the snarls from the
wyverns some distance behind him. They hadn’t noticed him yet, but they soon would.

And most importantly, to his horror, the boat was completely missing from the shore. It only
took a quick look to see it had been pushed all the way back to the Golden Hind – which was
now only a little more than a black dot in the distance, even from where he had tumbled
down to the water’s edge. Much too far for a quick retrieval.
Finally yanking his arm back to his front, he shakily grinned at the concerned faces of Roman
and Archer. “I’m he-“ he began, then started to choke and gasp before coughing out blood.
On top of his muscle pains, his insides felt like they were filled with shattered glass. The pain
was faint at first, but it was rapidly becoming excruciating.
‘Your vitals are rapidly fluctuating,’ Roman reported in a panic, his eyes racing across the
readings on his end. ‘It’s most likely internal bleeding from the shock of the wyverns’ gusts
earlier.’
That so? Ren thought, not daring to voice his comment to avoid choking on more blood. Both
the doctor and the red-mantled hero were yelling some more – whether orders or questions,
he couldn’t tell. It was hard to focus on anything else besides the pain that was rapidly
engulfing him from within. He sluggishly picked out a mask among his the many that sat
within his soul, then ripped it off his face.
Cybele.
The beautiful, horned, blue-skinned woman came forth once more in a burst of flame. With a
seductive smile, she pointed at Ren, causing him to glow green once more. The sharp pain
within his body rapidly diminished, replaced instead by his circuits scalding his flesh again
from within. He had already used Siegfried earlier to defend himself, and now Cybele. His
stamina flagged dangerously as he withstood the burning of his circuits. Then a moment later,
his persona vanished, allowing him a bit of reprieve from it all.
He reflexively touched his stomach and let out a small, humorless chuckle. It was still better
than the Bake-Kujira’s rotten water, at least.
‘REN!!’
Ritsuka’s voice through the communicator shocked him to his senses. A green comet streaked
over his head and blasted off the head of a wyvern that had flown up right behind him.
Viscera splattered out, coloring the water on the beach’s edge a deep shade of crimson. He
struggled to his knees as the maroon waves splashed against his legs, holding up the
communicator as he reached for his pistol.
“S-sorry about that…” he apologized with a forced grin to the others’ worried expressions.
“How’s everyone else?”
‘On board and fine,’ the girl reported quickly. ‘We’re trying to mount a rescue, but-‘
‘The whole island is swarming with wyverns,’ Archer interjected grimly. ‘And they’re headed
for the beach – we’re unsure if they’re trying to drive the Golden Hind back or if they’re
coming for you, Master. Either way, we’d need to establish a beachhead by eliminating the
wyverns first, but that’s not possible.’

“Because I might be caught in the crossfire,” the Phantom Thief guessed, to which the redmantled hero confirmed with a nod. “No point in trying to lead them away either, we’d just
have the same problem.” he sighed.
Roman’s face twisted as he checked a nearby monitor. ‘Their numbers are absurd,” he
muttered. ‘Even if it had a chance of helping, I don’t think you’d keep ahead of them long
enough. Especially in your condition…’
‘There’s a few wyverns keeping an eye on us too,’ Ritsuka added. ‘They don’t want us coming
any closer, that’s for sure.’
“Well, good to know we’re so popular,” Ren joked as another green comet sped from the
Golden Hind and punched a hole in the lead wyvern’s head. It flopped lifelessly to the ground
– and was unceremoniously ignored by its peers as they flew over its body in mad pursuit.
“Though it’d be nice if wasn’t an entire horde of wyverns chasing me – especially if it’s
almost the entire… population…”
An unhinged grin slowly spread across the Phantom Thief’s face, much to the terror of
everyone on the call. “I have an idea,” he announced.
‘Of course you do,’ Archer deadpanned in both exasperation and amusement. ‘Speak
quickly.’
Ren’s thoughts raced a thousand miles a second. “Right. First off, Ritsuka – have Drake
circle around to the opposite side of the island,” he began. “I’ll meet you guys there and
you’ll be able to pick me up.”
‘Wha-‘ Ritsuka spluttered, aghast. ‘We can’t-!’
“Roman – or Da Vinci, if you’re there – see if you can call El-Melloi here,” he continued
without pausing. Every second was one the wyverns were catching up on him. “Got questions
and need advice from him. I’ll be asking them on the go.”
The doctor blinked in surprise, then turned to watch someone leave. ‘Cu Chulainn just ran off
to fetch him,’ he announced. ‘Er, what are you planning on asking him, Ren?’
The Phantom Thief raised an eyebrow. Cu was here too? Well, the more the merrier. “You’ll
see as I go along,” he brushed off. “Archer, you’re gonna need to guide me past all these
wyverns to get to the other side of the island. Give me a path and I’ll make it work.”
The red-mantled hero frowned. ‘While possible, you are still in no condition to run from an
entire swarm of wyverns,’ he pointed out. ‘Unless you’ve accounted for that too.’
Ren smirked. “Also, Ritsuka,” he added, drawing the panicking girl’s attention again. “Let
Medea know I’ll be giving her potion a test run. I’ll be sure to give her a thorough report on
its effects.” As he spoke, he reached into his jacket and pulled out a vial of the golden liquid
he had been given before entering the singularity: the Silphium potion. Popping open the
cork and tossing it to the side, he raised it to his lips and gulped it down in one go.

The effect was subtle at first. It tasted warm and oddly spicy to his tongue, yet not enough to
hurt. He could feel the warmth of the potion settle in his stomach first, then steadily spread
throughout his body. It soothed his sore muscles and somehow paradoxically cooled his
circuits while restoring vigor and strength to his limbs. The headache that had been pounding
at his head almost completely vanished, as had the fog that clouded his mind. It didn’t quite
erase the soreness of overusing his muscles, but it had diminished considerably, as had the
scalding from his circuits.
He stood back up, shaking some seawater from his clothes and rolling his neck as he took a
deep breath. ‘So, uh, how do you feel…?’ Ritsuka asked hesitantly.
“Like a hundred million actual yen,” the Phantom Thief answered with a giddy grin. Now
that he thought about it, he felt a bit lightheaded as the warmth became somewhat
uncomfortable. He had a feeling now why Medea warned them about overdosing on the
potion. Any more and he would probably light up like a bonfire.
Discarding the thought, he went down into a runner’s crouch like Ryuji had taught him so
long ago. His feet pressed into the wet sand as he exhaled, packing it and giving him a firmer
surface to push off of. His Third Eye activated, muting his vision as his eyes began filtering
in only the relevant information. ‘My wings shall rupture the chains of rebellion,’ he
murmured as his circuits warmed up once again and his body glowed from his reinforcement.
“On your mark, Archer,” he called out before raising his waist, his fingers lightly digging into
the sand, closed his eyes, and waited.
He inhaled, and time slowed. He could hear the lapping of waves around him, splashing
against the shore. The groaning of wood and the crashing of leaves against the ground as
trees were toppled and destroyed. The shrieks and roars of the swarm of wyverns as they
approached like a calamitous wind. His heart was pounding against his chest, each beat
filling his limbs with needed oxygen-rich blood. Was it beating faster or slower than usual?
With how surprisingly calm he felt, he couldn’t tell. But it still worked, and that was all he
needed.
He exhaled. The wyverns were getting closer. His instincts were screaming at him to bolt
away – maybe further down the shore and into the forest – but the sensation faded as he
settled deeper into his strange calm. The feeling was familiar but never had it been so
omnipresent. As he calmly and meticulously took in the world around him, the certainty of
neither protections nor second chances honed his mind to a knife’s edge.
High above, the late afternoon sun bore down on him, warming the soaked clothes plastered
onto his body. He could feel the sea breeze, gentle and caressing. He could taste the salt in the
air, though it was diluted by the reek of the burning forest. And above all, he could hear the
chorus of roars grow louder and louder, crashing, and overwhelming, until it felt like they
were right on top of him‘Straight ahead!’ Archer called out. ‘GO!’
Ren’s eyes snapped open. Kicking hard against the sand, he shot off like a rocket – and
somersaulted over a pair of wyverns that had tripped over each other and had stumbled onto
the ground in a messy tangle of scales and wings. Ignoring the surprised squawks of the other

wyverns, he dipped right into the tree line of the forest and raced through, aiming for the
other side of the island.
Running through Palaces was one thing, but this was an entirely different matter. The wind
whipped across his face as he wove past trees and leaped over stumps and branches. His
Third Eye was giving him a path to follow as much as he could, though it was constantly
interrupted by flashes of color – whether it was wyverns, a root that would trip him up, or
some other indicator that required a split second’s judgement. This wasn’t a simple dash; if
his attention and focus faltered for even a moment, he was all too likely to crash – possibly
right into a wyvern’s talons.
‘Twenty meters, ten o’clock!’ Archer barked.
The Phantom Thief glanced over, spotting the pair of wyverns in the indicated direction.
Hopping up, he stepped lightly on a tree and sprang off in another direction away from the
oncoming ambush. The sound of frustrated roars echoing behind him caused a smirk to curl
on his face. It was a deadly situation, yet he still couldn’t help but feel a bit exhilarated at
least.
Looking up, he noticed the ground before him was sloping upwards, cresting into a small hill.
Though it normally wasn’t much, he could immediately feel his legs straining as he began to
climb. His eyes rapidly picked out the trees – both ruined and standing – and marked out a
path. Raising his arm, he fired his grappling hook again and, once it caught onto a branch,
had it reel him in. As it did so, however, the snarls of the wyverns behind and round him
swiftly began getting louder, leading Ren to a terrifying realization:
The grappling hook was too slow.
‘Raven, pick up the pace and get out of there!’ came a familiar female shriek.
“Hello to you too, Elizabeth!” he replied with a forced grin and lightness to his tone.
Changing plans, once he landed on the branch, he braced his legs and launched himself right
below the next branch just as his current tree was engulfed with venom. He fired his hook
again at the branch, and this time swung hard with its shortened length.
The action was far more straining than he anticipated: it felt as though his arm was about to
be yanked out of its socket. And if it wasn’t for his reinforcement, he was sure it would have.
Gritting his teeth through the pain, he quickly found the next branch and swung. It did the
trick – the momentum allowed him to keep his speed as he ascended the hill while allowing
his legs some degree of rest, launching and swinging notwithstanding. Once he reached the
last tree, he swung up, somersaulted in the air, landed lightly on the peak of the hill, then
continued dashing.
‘Ren, El-Melloi just showed up,’ Roman reported quickly. ‘What did you need him for?’
‘Fifteen meters, three o’clock!’ the red-mantled hero reported.
Ren’s eyes flicked over, then leaped into the air as a trio dove past him, their fangs gnashing
hungrily. He briefly considered for a moment whether to shoot as he flew right above them,

then decided not to. He needed to keep his focus on escaping. Landing lightly on the ground,
he took off again, leaving the creatures scrambling in the dirt in a vain attempt to catch up.
“Hey, Caster!” he greeted shortly with a grin. “Good to see you!”
‘Keep it short, Master,’ El-Melloi stated, his surly face now on the display. ‘What can I assist
with at this juncture?’
“Just need a brief refresher on my persona magecraft,” the Phantom Thief panted out.
“Ironing out some details-“
‘Wind blast dead ahead!’ Archer warned.
The Phantom Thief glanced around, he spotted a tree that mercifully still stood amidst the
wyverns’ rampage. Firing his hook once again, it wrapped around a branch and rapidly reeled
him in, launching him over the winds that shredded the tree to pieces – and saw a pack of
wyverns below rapidly flying toward him.
Thinking fast, he reached into his coat pocket, took out one of Da Vinci’s flash bombs, and
tossed it right into their midst before shielding his eyes. Exploding in a brilliant flash of light,
the startled and blinded monsters squawked and crashed into one another, sending a good
number plummeting to the ground below. With a smirk, he fired his hook again at another
intact tree and reeled himself in, landing easily on the branch before jumping back down to
solid ground and continued dashing.
‘Your persona magecraft is a form of projection, which is considered a dead end magecraft
for a number of reasons,’ El-Melloi spoke rapidly without further prompting as Ren
continued to run. ‘It requires mental blueprints and the necessary magical energy to properly
project a construct, and because you are imposing something onto the World without solid
materials, it requires upkeep to maintain its existence.’
“Right,” the Phantom Thief breathed as he slid underneath a fallen tree trunk and continued
without breaking his pace. “And that’s why my personas are so unstable. So, what if-!”
‘You have packs on your left and right flanks gaining on you,’ Archer warned. ‘There’s a
downward slope approximately fifty meters to your one o’clock. Use it to lose them.’
Ren nodded as he frantically turned in the indicated direction. “Roman, you there!?” he
yelled out as the slope rapidly approached. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see plants
and trees melting away from the streams of venom the wyverns spat at him, sizzling against
stone. Their acrid fumes filled the air, deadly to breathe in if he stopped or even slowed
down. Only his swift pace kept the air around him fresh and breathable.
‘Er, yes, what is it?’ the harried doctor asked.
“That advice you gave me about making projections more stable,” he recalled in a race as he
began sliding down and hopping from stone to stone while the shrieks of wyverns trying to
clamber down surrounded him. “Mind elaborating!?”

‘Well, um,’ he stammered, withering under the surprised stares and glances of everyone
present. ‘Projections tend to be more stable when they’re anchored or connected to
something solid and existing in the world. A ‘part’ of something existing doesn’t encroach as
much on reality as a whole new object entirely, after all.’
“I see,” Ren mused. A glowing tree in his Third Eye caught his attention. Without hesitation,
he fired his grappling hook again and let himself be reeled in, shooting past the tree with the
momentum and allowing him to pick up speed before hitting the ground running – much to
the frustration of the wyverns who thought that they had cornered their prey. “Would a
caster’s body work as an anchor, then!?”
There was a moment’s pause, then immediately his communicator broke out in a clamor – the
protests of Roman and Archer drowned out by the howling, delighted laughter of Cu
Chulainn. ‘Master, do not attempt what I think you’re about to do!’ El-Melloi sternly warned,
urgency coloring his tone. ‘Such a technique could tear your body apart! Especially when
we’ve never even touched upon this concept in theory, let alone in practice! You are begging
for a gruesome suicide!’
‘Ha, wouldn’t be the first time for our Master!’ Cu Chulainn crowed, his visage bearing a
fierce grin. ‘Besides, ya got any other options?’
“Nope!” Ren confirmed with a grin as he ducked away from a stream of venom. As he veered
away, it shot past him and burned a hole straight through another tree, causing it to fall with a
mighty crash. “It’s this or being wyvern chow!”
‘Well, there ya go!’ the Lancer concluded, turning to the others with a smirk. ‘So if ya want
our Master to live, ya better walk him through all this as best you can! I’m just here for the
show!’
‘Will someone please explain what is going on?!’ Elizabeth shrieked over the men as the
Phantom Thief continued running. The commotion of the chase was catching the attention of
more and more wyverns, their roars echoing throughout the island as even more began
swarming in. In his Third Eye, it looked as though a storm of red light was swiftly rushing up
to encircle him from all sides.
Archer’s voice broke through among the clamor of Chaldea. ‘Can you do it?’ he asked
simply, his words silencing everyone else.
Ren couldn’t help but break out into a chuckle, despite the further strain on his breath. “It’s
all been nothing but performing one impossible thing after another so far!” he replied
cheerfully. “And there’s no better method than do-or-die, right?!”
There was a brief pause, then a sigh. ‘Move to your one o’clock and go straight,’ the redmantled hero reported. ‘There’ll be a sheer cliff leading to the ocean. That will be your
shortest path – and best bet.’
“Copy that!” the Phantom thief responded. Gritting his teeth, he pushed his legs even harder.
The energy from the potion was rapidly waning. His muscles ached with the strain he was
putting on them, and his circuits were burning through his flesh. He had no idea how much of

a distance he had traveled at this point and for how long – all he had focused on was solely
escaping. It felt like the sprinting event at his schools’ sports days, only made into a
marathon.
Everything became quieter. His vision blurred. His legs felt detached from him, like they
were simply parts of machinery moving on their own and carrying him. Pain and exhaustion
were mixed with an exhilaration he couldn’t place, driving him to near madness. There was a
liquid, coppery taste in his mouth. Was it blood? Where was it coming from? He couldn’t tell,
not with how his body seemed to be screaming at him to slow down and speed up
simultaneously.
Not that he dared to consider slowing down, regardless of any consequences, the visions
flowing through his mind would never allow him such an escape.
Joan's complicated glare, Olga's exhausted analysis, Mash's hopeful determination, and the
picturesque memories of his lost friend's smiles. The strain may kill him, but that was fine.
He owed too much to accept death without giving it his all.
A bright red light burst over the horizon, confirming the ship's location. ‘Ren, we’ve pulled
around,’ Ritsuka’s panicked voice came over the communicator. ‘We’re trying to get closer to
the island-‘
“No need, I’ll come to you,” he panted out. “Just hold your position where the wyverns can’t
hit you!” As his faculties returned, he locked his sights toward the flare’s direction and
steered himself toward it. “Thanks, Ritsuka!”
‘But how are you gonna… UGH! It doesn’t matter, just get your ass back here!’
‘You’re almost at the finish line, kid!’ Cu announced. ‘One last dash!’
‘No manager dies before their idol, Raven!’ Elizabeth yelled. ‘Hurry up and move!’
“Thanks for the support!” Ren couldn’t help but laugh. Their words were the last jolt he
needed. Squeezing out yet more life force from his breaking body, he made a mad break
through the trees as the roars of wyverns became louder and louder all around him. The trees
and foliage felt claustrophobic despite their sparseness, only amplified by the chorus of
stomping that closed in upon him. Roars close enough to almost deafen, a pungent smell of
acid, and fangs gnashing close enough to nip at his heels. Yet driven by madness, by
excitement, by anticipation of the ending, he pushed himself forward.
Finally, a light broke through, and he saw the sky ahead. The ground below ended abruptly,
as though he had reached the very end of the world.
It was now or never.
His muddled mind put together the pieces of the puzzle in his head as the finale rapidly
approached. He didn’t have the magical energy left to create a full persona, so he had only

one choice. To create a projection, first came the chant. He wasted no time on consideration,
simply speaking words as they flowed from his heart.
‘Masks of my soul…’
Then he broke out of the forest as the spell primed, what little ground he had left providing
no room to second guess as blue fire engulfed his face. He focused the last scraps of strength
in his legs, drew upon his magecraft,
And leaped.
For a small, infinite moment, it felt like he was utterly weightless. His legs churned
underneath him still as though there was no difference between solid earth and thin air. The
cool sea breeze splashed across his overheated body, both refreshing and chilling at the same
time. He could even feel the moisture in the air. The sun turned the vast sea before him into a
sparkling filigree of gems, marked only by the dark shape of the Golden Hind in the distance.
At the moment, it was perhaps the most beautiful scene he had ever seen.
Then in the next instant, he fell. His heart jumped to his throat as he rapidly descended.
Below were the rocks at the base of the cliff jutting out of the surf - cold, merciless monoliths
that would dash his life, as inevitable as fate.
And yet, his only answer was to close his eyes. He focused inward, fractions of a second
stretching as his world dwindled to merely his own existence.
Gazing at himself with his Third Eye wasn’t something he tried before, but he recalled the
basics of structural analysis he had been taught. It was a similar concept, if a different
execution. As he observed himself, every proportion of his physical body painted themselves
upon his mind as if they were the factors in a computer’s equation.
He focused upon his back. His spine was stretched almost perfectly vertical by his falling.
His muscles and ligaments tensed, bracing him futilely for a landing of certain death. The
veins and arteries that fed blood across his being, supplying his sinews with vital nutrients
and oxygen.
He focused on his truest other self, the demonized phantom thief of myth and renown. But
not the whole like he had always done before. Instead, he narrowed it down to the imposing,
iridescent wonder of his jet-black raven wings. As he focused, it felt like all the other aspects
of Arsene - his body, his claws, his burning grin - vanished from existence, leaving only the
shadowed wings.
As he plummeted, the wind buffeted his body with a deafening force as his end raced up to
meet him. He allowed the images to overlap in his mind, letting the looming threat of
imminent death narrow all that he was into the image being carved into his subconscious. A
solitary image, almost greater than anything he had portrayed before.
That he too, could break the shackles of the world and take to the skies.
‘… Become my wings of rebellion!!’

Suddenly, an odd sensation gripped him: A shiver ran through his body as Arsene’s laugh
echoed in his ear. Then he felt something sprout from the small of his back – and more
importantly, they felt like they were him. The sea and rocks were rapidly closing in, filling his
vision with blue and black. Taking a deep breath, he willed his new limbs to moveAnd his stomach lurched as his descent quickly slowed into a glide, then steadied out, and
finally he was drifting a foot above the ocean surface. He looked down in wonder at the
waters below rushing past him and felt the sea whipping around his face and hair. Chancing a
glance back, his eyes widened as he saw Arsene’s wings attached to him, easily keeping him
level as he flew. A certain emotion began bubbling within him like a wellspring, but before it
could completely take hold‘HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!’ Cu Chulainn howled over the communicator. ‘You did it, kid! Ya
really did it! It’s nothing but surprise after surprise with you!! HAHAHAHA!!’
‘When I called you Raven, I didn’t mean for it to be that literal, Raven!’ Elizabeth spluttered
in shock. ‘Stop outstaging me!’
“hehe…heheheHEHEHE! HAHAHAHAHA!!!”
The surprise of the countess, the cheering of the demigod, and the audible sighs of relief from
Archer, Roman, and Da Vinci finally pushed the Phantom Thief’s emotions over the edge.
He burst out into an exhilarated laugh, the sound echoing across the sea and drowning out the
screeches of the frustrated wyverns behind him, seemingly unwilling to leave the island.
Some distant logical part of his mind still registered the aches of his battered body, but he felt
absolutely none of it, as though he left it all behind on the island. He soared through the air,
reinvigorated with a euphoria that bordered on madness.
Flapping his newfound wings, he began gaining some altitude. He thought they would take
some getting used to, but to his pleasant surprise he understood how to use them already. No,
that wasn’t the right term for it – could one ‘understand’ how to use their own arms or legs?
They were an integral part of him, like he had been born with them. It felt as though he had
forgotten they were there the whole time and only just now remembered.
With an excited cry, he immediately began experimenting with his newfound flight: Pulling
loop-de-loops and somersaulting in the air, corkscrew rolls and hairpin turns, and even flying
high into the air before diving headfirst toward the sea, only unfurling his wings at the very
last second and skimming the surface of the water as his fingers brushed against the waves.
“WOOOOHOOOOO!!” he whooped, feeling the cool sea air splashing against his face and
fluttering through his wings. He didn’t just feel alive – he felt completely and utterly free.
Free to go where he wished whenever and however he wanted, not bound by the constraints
of society and certainly not gravity. He felt like he could soar to the ends of the earth and
beyond.
Then a stern voice broke through his madness. ‘Master! While your jubilation isn’t
unfounded, your body cannot take the strain,’ he hurriedly called, desperately trying to be

heard over the Thief’s almost maniacal laughter. ‘Your priority should be getting back to the
Golden Hind before-‘
“I’m headed that way, old man!” Ren laughed as he began gaining altitude again, leaving the
Caster spluttering in surprise. “But not before I test out a little trick! Cu, Elizabeth! Check
this out!“
‘Ren!’ Roman pleaded in vain, almost clawing at his face. Archer merely crossed his arms
and sighed with the slightest of smiles dancing on his face.
Meanwhile, the Phantom Thief continued to climb, the sun almost dazzlingly warm against
his face, then tucked his wings in and began to fall straight down toward the sea again. With a
twist of his legs, he began spinning as he descended like a dark spirit. Just before he crashed,
he unfurled his wings in an explosion of black feathers and glided across the sea, the tip of
his wing slicing across the surface akin to a blade through water.
As he ascended once again, a certain myth he read in the past popped up in his mind. The
parallels were so obvious that he couldn’t help but burst out into laughter once again. “You
know, I always wondered about the fall of Icarus,” he remarked. “The whole moral against
rashness and hubris. But now I’m starting to think he just sucked.”
His grin widened at the bevy of groans that issued from the communicator. Still, it seemed at
least two people were amused by his joke: Cu Chulainn, who was howling even louder with
laughter as expected, and Da Vinci to his pleasant surprise.
‘My, bold words indeed, ragazzo,’ the genius giggled. ‘Though I do wonder if you’ll be able
to land more smoothly than Icarus. Boats are rather small targets, even something as grand
as the Golden Hind.’
Ren blinked. “Oh right, I was supposed to land on a boat, huh?” he mused dryly as he looked
ahead of him to see the rapidly approaching ship. He angled himself for a smooth landing…
then another idea came to him, and his wild smile returned in full force.
“Hey guys,” he called out, the mischievousness in his tone immediately causing everyone’s
eyes to widen. “How about one last trick?"
The responses were immediate.
‘Hell yeah!’ Cu Chulainn roared.
‘No!’ Roman begged.
‘You better make it impressive, raven!’ Elizabeth berated.
‘Are you an idiot!?’ El-Melloi snapped.
‘Show us your finale, ragazzo!’ Da Vinci cheered.
‘You’re going to do it regardless of what we say, aren’t you?’ Archer snarked.

Ren grinned at the last sentence. “You know me so well,” he jokingly replied, then with a flap
of his wings began picking up speed. As he approached the galleon, he lowered himself as far
as he could allow, his chest mere inches from scraping the surface of the sea. The ship
quickly began growing in size – from a dot to a figure, from a figure to a ship, and from a
ship to a behemoth. Closer and closer he approached, until he could make out the wear and
tear of the wooden hull and metal cannons.
Time slowed. The howl of wind rushing by was drowned out by his own heartbeat. From the
corner of his eye, he could see the others all either scrambling about or desperately keeping
an eye on an island. He could even pick out the more vivid hair colors of Ritsuka and Mash,
the former fiddling with a pair of binoculars while the latter leaned over the side of the ship,
anxiously trying to spot him on the island.
His smirk grew as he circled around to the other side of the boat. Good – they hadn’t seen
him yet. Glancing over with a wink at the distant crow’s nest, he made to acknowledge the
Archer had seen him already, yet he hadn’t given away the Thief’s game. It was always fun
when someone joined in on a joke.
Once he got into position, he closed in on the boat until it loomed right over him. Gathering
his strength, he gave a mighty beat with Arsene’s wings, blasting him and the water below
into the air. Twisting upward, he exploded into view like a dark angel from the sea itself as
water sprinkled down, glittering like diamonds.
The shouts and curses of surprise were music to his ears.
A moment later, the Phantom Thief used what was left of his momentum to launch himself
onto the deck of the boat, tucking into a well-practiced roll before sliding to a stop right
before falling off the other side, digging his heels and a hand in for a superhero landing. For a
moment, there was silence as the onlookers stared.
Then the sailors cheered raucously at the show as Drake guffawed. “Helluva show, Joker!”
she called out. “I better see some of that hustle on the deck later! The rest of you, back to
work! We got a westward wind and like hell we’re gonna miss that!” The crew roared in
affirmation before rushing back to their stations, chatting excitedly with one another and
giving Ren hearty slaps on the back as they passed by, all while he stayed stark still, kneeled
upon the ground.
Meanwhile, as the Chaldeans stared stupefied, the most experienced of them all approached.
One who was used to both miracles and curses from unexpected places. Bearing a proud,
albeit concerned, smile, he simply offered a hand to the Phantom Thief. “All you alright,
Master?” Siegfried asked.
Ren slowly stood, his majestic wings flexing and unfurling again… and then he began to
laugh. It started as a small giggle and gradually became louder, rising until he was clutching
at his belly guffawing. Overwhelming elation and joy flooded his body, his exhaustion utterly
forgotten in midst of the greatest high he had ever gotten in his life.
He had done it. He gambled everything on one move, one single moment, with the spirit of
risk and adventure that had come to feel so alien to him since his time at Chaldea began.

Raising himself up, he beamed at the dragonslayer as he stretched out his wings to their full
length, their incredible span taking up a surprising amount of space on the deck.
“I-I’m not dead!” he cried, spreading his arms in excitement. “S-Siegfried, did you see that!?
I abandoned the escape route, I dodged all those wind blasts, a-all the monsters, and then
just… jumped off a cliff! And I pulled off the spell on the way down! I’ve never even made a
solid projection before!”
Stumbling forward, the Phantom Thief rushed in and hugged Siegfried with an expression of
pure, delirious excitement, catching the normally stoic Saber by surprise. “I did it!” he
shouted again. “And I’m not dead!”
The dragonslayer chuckled. “It seems you are well in spirit, at least,” he remarked with a
smile. “Though perhaps your body at this point might argue otherwise.”
“Huh? O-oh, sh-!”
Despite the overwhelming emotion sweeping through Ren’s body, the harshness of reality
swiftly caught up with a vengeance. Siegfried swiftly caught his Master as his legs finally
buckled under the sheer strain and exhaustion of the trial, easily wrapping an arm around
him. The sight of the Phantom Thief collapsing was enough to jolt the other Chaldeans back
to their senses.
As the others approached, the Saber glanced down at the drained yet still utterly elated smile
of his Master before returning it with a calmer one of his own. “You have done incredibly
well, Master,” he stated. “However, you have exhausted yourself greatly. I shall find a spot
for you to recover.”
He took a quick glance around, then moved Ren over to the mast before gently settling him
down. The Phantom Thief winced from his screaming muscles as he was lowered down, with
Siegfried sitting beside him before finally coming to a stop. Finally, he simply sagged against
the wooden pole of the mast, completely and utterly drained yet content.
Medea stared down at Ren, unamused, before letting out an exasperated sigh. “I shall go
analyze the artifact we acquired,” she announced as she turned away. “The response of so
many wyverns hounding after intruders is singular, even for a protected trap. There is likely
something else at play here.” Without bothering to wait for a response, she walked off, her
cloak fluttering inaudibly in the sea breeze.
Meanwhile, both Morgana and Martha checked on Ren’s condition. “That was beyond
awesome, Joker!” the catlike being exclaimed. “Even for you! But you pushed yourself pretty
hard. How are you feeling?”
The Phantom Thief gave a tired grin as the saint checked his eyes and felt his pulse.
“Exhausted, but I don’t think I ever felt more alive,” he answered. “It’s what being a Phantom
Thief’s all about, isn’t it?”
Morgana blinked, then let out a small laugh as he shook his head. “Honestly, I think you’re
the only one who can say something like that,” he replied with a relieved smile before

glancing over at Martha. “How does he look?” he asked.
The Rider frowned as she lowered her fingers from Ren’s neck. “There are no injuries or
sicknesses as far as I can tell,” she murmured. “At this point, all signs indicate profound
exhaustion and fatigue from overworking and overusing one’s circuits. I don’t know how to
diagnose wings, but they seem to be in proper condition.” She gave the jet-black wings an
unreadable side eye in acknowledgement. “That said, it’s a minor miracle you haven’t
collapsed as is, Master.”
Ren grinned. “Better than during back in the France singularity when that did happen,” he
remarked. “You remember, Siegfried?”
The dragonslayer nodded with a smile. “Quite well,” he agreed. “You were certainly a
surprise with your healing and exorcising capabilities then. I am fortunate and glad you are
my Master.”
“Yes, of course,” Martha muttered distractedly. Her thoughts went back to when she first
encountered them as an enemy. It had been an incredibly confusing time, not helped at all by
the Madness Enhancement forced upon her by that Jeanne doppelganger. Though she had
mostly made her peace with it, her thoughts still stirred, especially with the current situation.
She had questions that only those who were able to closely observe Ren could answer, and
given Morgana’s loyalties, there was only one person aboard she could ask.
Straightening up, she idly brushed off her skirt. “For now, all you need to do is rest, Master,”
she declared. “If there is anything else amiss, do not hesitate to contact me. Otherwise, I have
words to exchange with our lookout.” With a small bow, she walked off.
Morgana watched her leave, then turned back to Ren. “You gonna be okay?” he asked. “Need
me to grab anything?”
The Phantom Thief shook his head with a smile. “I’ll be fine, Morgana,” he reassured his best
friend. “Just need a seat – and maybe a nap. I’m certainly going to need the energy for the
next heist.”
“That’s for sure,” the catlike being agreed with a grin before his ears drooped again. “Just…
try not to pull something like that again, okay? I know how awesome you are, but… well,
even I can’t help but worry, you know?”
Ren reached over to gently scratch behind Morgana’s ears. The Thief blinked a few times
before purring almost unwillingly at the contact. “I’ll do what I can,” he promised. “But for
now, I’m not gonna try anything like that anytime soon. I’m way too tired anyway.”
“I’d be surprised if you weren’t,” his best friend huffed. “In that case, I’ll go grab you some
water then get back to it. And like Martha said, you stay here and rest! Otherwise, I’ll make
sure you get it!”
The Phantom Thief laughed as he raised his hands disarmingly. “I promise,” he answered.
Morgana nodded sternly, then hopped off to grab their supplies.

Throughout it all, both Ritsuka and Mash watched. They should have been the first to
approach the utterly exhausted Ren, the first to praise and wonder at him having wings now
apparently. Yet they stood transfixed as their thoughts spun like a hurricane. Emotions raced
through, each one more overwhelming than the last. Throughout it all, a singular, stark
thought stood out to them both.
Ritsuka swallowed hard past the lump in her throat. “I-I’m gonna find Drake,” she announced
to her friend, tearing her eyes away from the Phantom Thief. “Lots to do, lots to learn, after
all. There’s still a lot of repairs from the storm plus I need to find out how the captain charts a
new course. I’ll catch you later, Mash!”
Before she could receive a reply, the redhead walked off while shoving her darker thoughts
into a dark corner of her mind where she couldn’t see them, where she couldn’t think them.
She wasn’t lying – a ship always had stuff that needed to be done and her own education was
sorely lacking. Better to focus on that and keep things out of her mind. After all, Ren’s got
this.
He always did.
Mash’s wide eyes stared as Ritsuka almost ran away, then turned back to look at her Master.
The jet-black wings folded up against his exhausted figure while he still kept an arm around
Siegfried, both for support and because he wanted to. He was still smiling and laughing,
joking with the dragonslayer, Morgana, and Martha despite narrowly escaping death for the
umpteenth time now. Even now at his weakest, he was as vibrant as the sun, easing
everyone’s spirits and granting them confidence.
Yet what about her? Why wasn’t she there?
The tropical air around her chilled. Her senpai had always been there for her. He had offered
her his hand back when Chaldea was bombed instead of escaping. He had respected her
wishes to fight against Leonidas when there were stronger Servants available. Whenever they
fought, he always fought alongside her rather than stay back and be protected – something
that while it terrified her, she respected and admired. And he had given her the beautiful
sword that still hung by her side.
She clenched her hand on its grip so hard that her knuckles turned white as the metal
underneath the wrap dug painfully into her palm. The Chimera would’ve been the perfect
target for her new blade, and yet it had remained sheathed and unused the whole time. There
were a myriad excuses she could’ve given herself – she hadn’t trained in its usage, the
Chimera was too strong to justify something new as opposed to her more practiced
techniques, the shield was more useful for the circumstance – but even those half-hearted
reasons dwindled to silence after what she had witnessed.
Her senpai had survived – not because he made excuses or stuck with what he knew, but
because he took yet another step forward into the unknown. He had pushed himself beyond
all his limitations once again, forming wings and flying to safety. Mash hadn’t heard even a
whisper of the method from him whenever she came across him during his magecraft studies.
In fact, she wasn’t even sure either he or El-Melloi ever even thought up of it.

Yet here he was, his great black wings testifying to his willingness to embrace risk for the
sake of growth.
The hand on her blade trembled. The image of her standing proudly alongside Ren flickered
in her mind like the remnant of a dream. Already it felt like an impossibility and it stretched
even further into the distance.
Despite that, something within her stirred. That silent howling deep within her that may have
dimmed at times yet could – would – never be extinguished. It cut through her despondency
and despair, resonating through her heart and her limbs, willing her to move. And yet where
would she go? What could she do? This wasn’t like her usual studies, where the answer was
neatly laid out. She was at a complete loss.
Mash cast one last glance at the Phantom Thief. I’m very glad you’re okay, senpai, she
murmured in her mind, though she made sure not to transmit her thoughts. He needed rest.
She would have the opportunity to check up on him later. Perhaps a veteran warrior like
Siegfried might have some insight on what to do going forward. She made a mental note to
ask him once everything had settled.
For now, she turned and followed Ritsuka’s path. There was indeed much to do on a ship,
after all. Perhaps Joan could use more assistance with carpentry…
Meanwhile, Ren’s own thoughts were far simpler, albeit more sluggish, as he sagged more
against Siegfried. “Have you ever been told your hug is cozy?” he remarked drowsily.
“Because I’m feeling cozy.” Though his elation hadn’t diminished, the exhaustion had fully
settled in, draining every ounce of strength from his body. Even his wings, the mark of his
achievement, sagged somewhat as he folded them in.
Siegfried gave a small chuckle. “Once or twice,” he replied. “My wife, Kriemhild, had a
similar remark.” He smiled in recollection. Their time together had been a rather joyous one.
Fierce as she was, she always melted like snow under the sun in his arms. Even with all his
treasures and glory, it was her company he always found most precious.
His expression darkened, however, as more bitter memories flowed in. The man they had
trusted betrayed them both and tormented her for years after his death. It was a slight he
couldn’t possibly forgive nor forget. The dragonslayer never believed himself the most noble
of men, but he understood now how some burned with unyielding vengeance and hatred. If
he ever encountered that man again…
“Seems like she has good taste,” the Phantom Thief remarked with a yawn. “Kinda wanna
fall asleep here. It’s a nice evening for it.”
… And suddenly, with that one flippant comment, all his darker thoughts vanished like a puff
of smoke. His Master’s lightheartedness was a balm he hadn’t realized he needed, but he
certainly appreciated it. “While understandable, I’d advise against sleeping on the deck of a
ship,” the Saber cautioned with a smile. “With this many sailors moving to and fro hauling
equipment, it would be difficult to get any modicum of rest.”

Ren scoffed lightly. “Can’t be any worse than sleeping during class,” he muttered as his
eyelids drooped. “Especially with a teacher who’d throw a piece of chalk at your head if he
caught you.”
Siegfried chuckled at the remark. “I shall take your word for it then,” he easily accepted.
Glancing over, his eyes gazed in curiosity at the Phantom Thief’s wings. “I will say though,
these new appendages you have manifested are surprisingly robust,” he commented. “I’ve
seen monsters with similar wings myself. However, yours are far more pleasant: very soft to
the touch, and smooth as well. I’m reminded more of an owl’s wings rather than the plumage
of a crow.”
His Master broke into a grin as he opened one eye back up. “That’s a weird way to flirt,
Saber,” he shot back. “Don’t you know it’s not a good thing to do with people who aren’t in
their right minds at the moment? Didn’t think you were that type of guy.”
Siegfried truly laughed this time, a loud and boisterous sound that echoed far over the ocean.
“I ask for your forgiveness,” he apologized. “That wasn’t my intention.” Then an idea snuck
into his mind – no doubt the influence of his rather affable Master - and his soft smile slowly
twisted upward into something almost resembling a smirk.
“Although, I feel I must comment,” Siegfried continued, glancing down at the Phantom Thief
who had been settling against his chest and drawing a curious look from him. “Your words
and behavior don’t match someone who might take issue with such courtship. One must
forgive a humble Servant for mistaking your intention.”
Ren laughed again as well, reclining against the Saber’s arm as the dragonslayer kept a
secure hold to prevent him from falling over from exhaustion. Staring up at the darkening sky
and seeing the first glimmer of stars, he smiled warmly as his eyes closed. “Yep, she
definitely had good taste,” he conclusively stated.
The Saber smiled back as he rested against the mast as well, silently renewing his oath when
he had been summoned. His Masters were good people. His strength and his blade would
ever anon be at their service, now and in the future. Whatever battles they faced, he would be
more than glad to fight on their behalf.
And so the Golden Hind sailed onward, catching the breeze and drifting into the sunset,
where the next adventure awaited them.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 120: Trail
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

Rest never comes easy.

Chapter Notes

.... Yeah, no excuse here. Muse has hit a rut. I'll try to speed up a bit but no promises at
this point. Hope you guys enjoy regardless!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

When it came to magecraft, preparation, knowledge, tools, and ingredients were key. If any
of those aspects were missing or tampered with, much could go awry. Worst case scenario,
they could be stolen and used, diluting the resulting mystery and weakening its effects. A
location was necessary to store and retain knowledge, tools and ingredients, as well as a
preparation ground for honing and utilizing mysteries and magecraft. Though some areas
were more ideal than others, any mage worth their salt could create a workshop anywhere
they wished so long as it met their standards.
Medea’s workshop was no exception. ‘A man’s home is his castle’, as the saying goes. This
went doubly true for a magus’s workshop, and especially in the Caster’s case. While it had
been an unused storage room in the Golden Hind, it had now been fortified, both physically
and magically, both within and without. It was also the foundation of the various
enchantments set around the ship, strengthening it against all manner of harm. Some of the
sailors, superstitious as usual, were at first against her work, but after seeing her protections
from the storm and the wyverns, they changed their tune.
For now, the witch was alone within as she carefully analyzed the treasures the expedition
team brought back: the chest filled with uncut gems and the hippocampus figurine. Both of
them were above a circle of her own creation, its lines glowing and glimmering in patterns
only she could read and decipher. It hadn’t been easy to part them from Drake, but once she
mentioned the possibility of curses – especially given the gigantic swarm of wyverns they
had set off – the captain reluctantly handed them over.
The corners of her mouth twitched slightly upward humorlessly. When handled correctly,
greed made even the most stubborn people surprisingly pliable. A lesson she had long since
learned.

Another flicker of turquoise from the circle flashed, causing her to huff quietly in mild
annoyance. Poseidon’s power lingered strongly in these artifacts. Even when she was trying
to look for other data it interfered with her analyses, forcing her to repeat a few incantations.
She wouldn’t be surprised if these were created by a particularly powerful priest – or perhaps
by the god himself.
She moved around, muttering another incantation under her breath to modify her circle
slightly, passing by a pair of models that stood on a nearby table. Though they were the same
at first glance, a trained eye would see that one of them had more imperfections: pauldrons
placed ever so slightly asymmetrically, a hint of glue leaking out of the joints, and other such
flaws. The other was immaculate, with not a piece out of place.
She stole a quick glance at the results of her first lesson with her feline Master. Though there
was no way to teach him either her magecraft or her alchemy, he was a rather singular being.
Theories brewed in her mind, ones that she could only test indirectly, but having him imagine
and structure himself much like a model would be a good first step towards them. It was a
rather simple yet invigorating lesson, one she enjoyed more than she expected. There were
benefits to indirect research that direct methods wouldn’t be able to provide.
Besides, while a dissection would reveal answers more directly, she had no interest in causing
any undue harm. He was reasonable enough to justify staying her hand. And yet, as it often
did, her considerations of the more straightforward master brought to mind the far more
inscrutable one.
Ren Amamiya… had proved infuriatingly enigmatic, despite his apparent openness. He
clearly was no stranger to deception, yet it was difficult to identify any manipulative intent
within his actions. He was strong for a human of his age and era, bearing powers dangerous
even to Servants, yet inexperienced with the true carnage of the battlefield and the finer
workings of magecraft.
Medea sighed as she brushed the fin-like protrusions of the hippocampus figurine. It was
getting harder by the day to piece together the puzzle. Every time she thought she felt she
was on track to figuring him out, he pulled out another surprise that forced her to reevaluate.
While there was the option of simply giving up on the matter entirely and simply focus on
being a Servant, the increasingly weighty fact that all of Chaldea seemingly orbited around
him made that ultimately unfeasible.
A wave of her hand caused the circle underneath to shift, the lines radiating different patterns
as it did so. Maintaining a professional distance was now untenable, especially after that
frankly ridiculous stunt he had pulled with his escape. Measures needed to be taken, both to
slake her curiosity and evaluate more properly her Masters.
As such, Medea had chosen to face the problem directly. She had sent out an invitation to
both of her masters, to meet her and discuss their magecraft’s inner workings. She extended
her expertise while giving herself an avenue to look into their origins - extending an olive
branch, as the saying she’d heard from the redheaded master went.
… If the witch was being a bit more honest, she might’ve even been willing to think about
the burning spark of curiosity and excitement she felt in witnessing the sheer bizarreness of

her Master’s magecraft. Not necessarily in its use or principles, but that she couldn’t possibly
identify what the foundation was for the life of her. As a student of Hecate, there were few
horizons of magecraft she had not explored. Even then, she could easily understand the
concepts and learn them within a heartbeat should she dedicate even a modicum of her focus.
All told, the prospect of something truly new and unknown to her was nothing short of
tantalizing, despite her best efforts towards pretending she wasn’t still that young, excitable
princess who hung off Hecate’s every word.
A shift in her bounded field caught her attention, brushing aside her more treacherous
thoughts. Right - she had requested the presence of her Masters half an hour prior. It would
be her first step towards her shift in stance regarding them. Admittedly, a closer working
relationship was one she was both familiar and unfamiliar with as a Servant - most magi
often wished to keep their familiars at a considerable distance - but as the two had proven
many times already, they weren’t most magi.
Despite some trepidation, a measure of curiosity seeped in as well. How would all this turn
out, she wondered.
A soft knock echoed from the door. She muttered another quick incantation to more clearly
transmit her voice. “I hadn’t expected you so quickly, Masters,” she noted.
“If you’re calling, we thought it might be something important,” Ren replied. “We brought
you dinner too – you’ve been working for a while, after all. Thought you might be hungry!”
The witch let out a breath of mild exasperation. They had been told time and time again that
Servants didn’t require sustenance, but such admonishments always fell on deaf ears. And at
this point, she observed them well enough to know they would pester her until she partook.
Still, she couldn’t get too annoyed – hospitality had always been rather important among her
people, and at the very least she could appreciate it to some degree.
With a wave of her hand, she hid some of her more sensitive works before pointing at the
door. The bounded field shifted as the door lock clicked open. “Enter then,” she replied as she
did her utmost to mask her slight annoyance.
She turned back to her work as her Masters entered behind her. The aroma of fish swiftly
filled the room, admittedly stirring up a small appetite – and a few past memories she
preferred to have kept hidden. “We brought you some grilled halibut,” Morgana announced.
“With some salad on the side! We weren’t sure if you wanted rum or ale, so we brought you a
bottle of water instead!”
“… your thoughtfulness is appreciated,” Medea murmured in quiet thanks, watching as they
set it down on a nearby empty table. “I do not recall halibut being native to the waters here,
however.”
“That’s what the sailors were saying too,” Ren acknowledged. “They were puzzled over what
kind of fish they had caught. I’m guessing the singularity just kind of screwed the local
marine life up. We should probably be thankful we didn’t fish up a sea monster or

something.” Then he paused. “Actually, how do you think they would taste?” he wondered.
“Like tuna, maybe?”
Morgana groaned. “I wish they would,” he complained. “I haven’t had fatty tuna in forever!
This is the second time I’ve been on the sea and there hasn’t even been a bit of it! You’d
think we’d at least see them by now!”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “We still have plenty of time,” he reassured his best friend.
“Maybe we’ll come across some tuna on the way here.” The catlike being huffed in response,
though the twitch of his ears indicated his hope reigniting.
Turning to Medea, he nodded over to the floating treasures. “How are we looking?” he asked.
The witch glanced over. “These artifacts bear a weighty portion of Poseidon’s power,” she
explained. “It is possible either a high-ranking priest or the god himself created them. They
also seem to be bound by protective mysteries, which is standard for such treasures.”
“However, there is an underlying mystery underneath that I am currently determining. I
cannot tell when I shall be finished, but I will inform you of my findings once they are more
concrete.”
“Poseidon, huh?” Ren mused as he pondered the artifacts. The Caster wondered what
thoughts ran through the boy’s head. He stared at them as though his own paltry skills in
magecraft would be able to make a difference.
Medea mentally sighed as she bit back her cynicism, just for a moment. There have been
cases when a novice brought in a fresh or alternate perspective that veterans, with their more
rigid mindsets and tried-and-tested methods, might not have considered. Perhaps, despite his
blatant ignorance, that could be the case here.
“So, what’d you call us for?” Morgana cut in, getting to the point of the matter. “I don’t think
this is a social call.”
Medea nodded in confirmation. “There are a few matters I wish to check,” she explained.
“First, the magecraft both of you utilize have a common basis: your “personas”. If you are
amenable, I wish to analyze them myself to see if there are threads we can use to further your
own studies.”
The catlike being blinked several times. “Er, El-Melloi did something similar and he couldn’t
find anything,” he slowly pointed out.
“He did with his own methods,” she acknowledged. “I have a few methods of my own I wish
to use, and a different basis I wish to verify. Would that suffice for you, Masters?”
Ren and Morgana looked at one another, a silent conversation passing between them. Finally,
the former turned back to the Caster and nodded. “Works for me,” he agreed. “Just let us
know what you need and we’ll do what we can.”

“Of course,” the witch acknowledged. She hadn’t missed the interaction between the two,
particularly how the feline relied on Ren making the final call despite his own misgivings
about the situation. It was a bond of mutual trust between the two – one who trusted their
leader to make the right decision, and one who bore that trust and weight that it implied.
It was… different than with the Argonauts. There, the crew followed Jason mainly because
he had an ambition and they would be rewarded well for it. And when times truly called, the
man genuinely could be an effective leader. A shame those times were too few and far in
between.
For a brief moment, she evaluated if that was the ultimate goal of her approach with her
Masters. A harmonious equilibrium of commander and actor.
She didn’t like the taste of the idea, but could hardly dismiss it either.
This complicated her expectations.
“The other matter I wished to speak of was the potion,” she continued, turning to Ren. “You
had used the potion for your escape, did you not? If you are fit to speak of it, please inform
me of its effectiveness and attributes.” As she spoke, a roll of papyrus unfurled itself on a
nearby table, ready to record as necessary.
Ren crossed his arms as he recalled its effects. “My first impression was that it warmed me
up considerably,” he mused. “It was a good kind of warmth, though just at the border of
being uncomfortable. After that, most of my muscle aches and pains seem to disappear. My
circuits also cooled down a lot too and my body felt a lot lighter. As for my mind…”
Medea silently listened. As Ren talked, his words appeared on the papyrus, with further
annotations and notes depending on the Caster’s thoughts. Already, based on the feedback
she was receiving, she was considering what kind of modifications she could make with the
potion. There were many factors she could change in their preparations. Perhaps under better
trial conditions…
She would have to speak with Da Vinci as well… and that doctor and erstwhile director
Romani Archaman. While the latter annoyed her somewhat, it wouldn’t do anymore to
simply dismiss the medical professional of Chaldea. It was another layer of bureaucracy, but
if it needed to be done, so be it.
“Interesting,” she murmured in consideration. “You have given me much valuable data,
Master. I thank you. If there aren’t any pronounced side effects, then it is best that Masters
Ritsuka and Morgana keep their own vials in case of emergency. I might be able to brew you
another potion if I procure the necessary ingredients and materials from Chaldea, though it
would take time.”
Ren gave an easy smile. “If it’s possible, then that’d be great,” he accepted gratefully. “Just
the prototype worked wonders, let alone what improvements you can cook up. I’ll take
whatever you can give me.”

Medea nodded, more easily than she expected. The hardest part of attempting to figure out
her master, she had learned, was trying to decipher his genuine truth beneath his earnestness.
He appeared to possess the remarkable ability to act with full honesty, even in his intentions,
while never expressing the totality of himself.
The possibility she was simply being paranoid had crossed her mind, but the witch of
betrayal hadn’t been one before to disregard negative gut instincts anymore.
After all, that same look in his eyes was still there. Analytical, piercing, like it was taking in
every last speck of detail about her to paint a picture within his mind. She did not like it, all
the more because she couldn’t figure out why.
But none of that changed the reality of the situation. Keeping her distance was not an option
anymore, which meant her only choice was to be wholehearted in her cooperation, and to
understand him better, first. A bizarre kind of competition, but one she had no intention to
back down from. It helped that he was at least amicable.
“Of course,” she replied readily. “Now, I must inquire about your magecraft, Master.
Shapeshifting and transformations aren’t unheard of, but according to both you and Siegfried,
that is not what you have achieved. Are you able to replicate the mystery even now?”
The Phantom Thief’s eyes widened slightly in surprise before grinning again. “Yeesh, and I
just came back too,” he groaned out in mock exhaustion. “You’re certainly a real taskmaster,
Medea.”
The Caster’s eye twitched slightly underneath her hood. “I apologize if I am overstepping my
boundaries-“ she began.
“Only joking,” Ren quickly replied. “It’s a good question – let’s see if I can do it again. With
something different this time.” Taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes again and focused.
The witch could sense her Master’s magic circuits activating as he prepared his mystery
while Morgana observed both with trepidation and wonder.
‘Masks of my soul,’ he quietly intoned. ‘Become my wings of rebellion!’
Blue flames erupted and consumed his hands, causing the feline Master to cry out in surprise
and shock. Medea didn’t react, taking neither a step forward or backward as she watched in
rapt attention. These were the same flames that the boy conjured every time he utilized his
familiars – his ‘personas’, as he had called them.
She frowned slightly in consideration. It seemed to be a form of projection – the lack of
tangible materials utilized for creation combined with the comparatively absurd magical
energy upkeep, as the mage in question attempted to maintain their unreal creation against the
world’s decree of its unreality, were evident. She had seen it whenever either Ren or Morgana
took to the fray. They were powerful and versatile – she hadn’t forgotten Morgana’s
contributions and prowess in their hunt against the bat.
It was also, bluntly speaking, an incredibly sloppy utilization: Far too costly especially with
repeated manifestations. Any magus worth their salt would’ve simply constructed their

familiars with regular materials to minimize energy expenditure. The fact that neither of them
had up to this point only proved her Masters weren’t trained in the slightest. Were it not for
their powers, she would’ve easily mistaken them for being entirely magically ignorant.
However, that only further confused her – bearing intricate blueprints of familiars with this
level of power and complexity within one’s self, enough detail to project them on a practical
level, would be the project of an illustrious magi family. One that would’ve long ago ironed
out such issues.
And yet, there was absolutely no sign of the education that should’ve come with that kind of
history. Her Masters are apparently simply cobbling together their magecraft with what
scraps of knowledge they were taught here. So ultimately, what were the foundations of their
magecraft? Where did her Masters find and encapsulate the blueprints of so many powerful
beings?
Her Masters were an enigma indeed. At present, she couldn’t tell if she enjoyed that or not.
“Are those Arsene’s claws?!” Morgana gasped, his eyes almost bulging out of his head in
excitement. “So it’s not just his wings you can replicate, but any part of him?! That’s so
cool!”
Ren grinned in response as he looked at his changed appendages admiringly. “I haven’t tried
with any of my other personas yet,” he admitted. “I just went with Arsene for now since he’s
the most familiar. I’m glad it worked – now I can fly in the real world without using my
personas, and who knows what else? Maybe I should try swimming with Kelpie?”
The Phantom Thief turned to Medea and raised his claws. “What do you think?” he asked.
“Neat, right?”
The Caster was silent for a moment as she looked them over with a critical eye. The
projection was being actuated via making them extensions of his physical body, it seemed. It
was a crude solution at best, but it answered the most pressing issues of magical energy cost
in exchange for limited output. Interesting…
“Rudimentary, but it shall suffice,” she concluded. “It certainly is a good method to possess
in conjunction with your previous.”
“Seems like it,” Ren agreed. “Now I don’t have to worry about collapsing from exhaustion or
my circuits burning me all the time again.” Then he had a small idea. “I don’t suppose you
have anything I can try these on real quick?”
Medea paused. Despite herself, a childish curiosity began again to enter the forefront of her
mind. Instead of directly answering, she created a piece of wood in her hand and tossed it
into the air. The Phantom Thief lashed out with his claws – and several cleanly cut pieces fell
onto the deck before dissipating back into mana.
He whistled in admiration. “Definitely not bad,” he commented. He glanced back at the claws
and focused. With a flash of blue flames they vanished, leaving Ren’s hands normal once
more.

“I’m going to need more practice with this,” he mused. “Wanna come with, Mona? With any
luck, you can do it too.”
There were practically stars in Morgana’s eyes. The witch frowned again, though more in
consideration this time. It was clear that both her Masters used similar types of magecraft,
bearing blueprints of incredibly powerful familiars within them. If the catlike being could
also perform a similar form of projection, then that would confirm her theory that their
magecraft shared a similar if not the same foundation.
The witch mentally compiled what knowledge she had about her two Masters, both direct and
indirect. The two both bore magic crests, though she had never had the chance to analyze
them. Asking was a fool’s errand - she was all but certain to be rebuffed at any such request
(or at least, she hoped her Masters had that modicum of sense). No magi would ever
acquiesce to such an invasive request.
There was the possibility it was some form of family ritual: a division of a magic crest
between an heir and their bound familiar. It made sense - even just the analysis she had
previously performed informed her that Morgana wasn’t a merely cat given sapience. It
would be more accurate to describe him as a mass of raw base particles and energy that just
so happened to be feline shaped. If Ren’s mystic bloodline specialized in familiar creation,
then it wasn’t an impossible theory.
Still, something about that line of thought irked her - like she was close yet so very far from
the truth. Ultimately, she had neither evidence nor data to prove or disprove her theories. For
the time being, she filed it away in her mind. Underneath her hood, she glanced in the
direction of the models the two made. If anything, she supposed that with the feline’s rather
malleable body structure, it was more than possible he would easily surpass the boy in this
magecraft. This would be interesting to observe.
“Want to come with us, Medea?” Ren asked, turning towards her again. “We could definitely
use your input for any practice or experimentation.”
Even Medea had to mentally admit, that surprised her a touch. An was an opportunity to
observe their unique magecraft more closely…
There was only so much she could glean from distant observation and limited interactions.
This would most likely be a far more fruitful avenue of research and development, both for
her and for her Masters. The more she thought about it, the more certain her choice became.
Trust the boy to make such a tempting offer. No wonder why he was at the center of this
entire web.
“Unfortunately, while my current tasks demand my attention,” she began politely as she
nodded over to the artifacts still suspended over the circles. “Perhaps tomorrow we can, if
that is amenable to you?”
Both Ren’s and Morgana’s eyes widened with surprise, then the former nodded. “Tomorrow
works,” he agreed quickly. “In that case, we’ll hold off on experimenting for now. Don’t
think you wanna miss out on it.”

“The consideration is appreciated,” the witch replied with a small nod of gratitude. “If you
wish, my Master, I could aid you in the further development of this branch of your magecraft.
While currently it is rather rudimentary, I believe there is potential here that can be explored and given our circumstances, more tools in one’s arsenal rarely goes amiss.”
“Can’t argue with that,” Morgana admitted. “Though I’m guessing you’re gonna want
knowledge of our own magecraft too?”
Medea considered her answer for a brief moment, then came to a decision. The catlike being
had said trust could only be fostered by first granting it, hence why she received the silphium
seeds. She would do the same here. “I do,” she stated matter-of-factly. “Your magecraft has
garnered my curiosity, and there are theories and questions I wish to test and answer. As such,
I am willing to aid you in its development. I will not deny it is partially for my own interests,
but I am confident it will be a fruitful avenue of inquiry at the very least.”
The Phantom Thief broke out into a chuckle, causing the Caster to frown slightly in
consternation and confusion. “Is there something amusing?” she asked, a small edge creeping
into her tone.
“Just the way you phrased that, sorry,” Ren answered as he stilled his mirth. “I’d honestly be
more concerned if you were doing it solely out of altruism than for your own goals. But
thanks for at least being forthright with us about it. In that case, we’ll be counting on your
input and suggestions from now on, Medea. I’m looking forward to it.”
“As am I,” the witch acknowledged. After the words left her mouth, there was a feeling of
warmth, ever so slight, blossoming from within her. She dismissed the sensation - as much as
she wished to deny it, there was still that girl within her that sought validation, it seemed.
“Now, I believe that settles current matters. I should return to my duties.”
Ren nodded. “Sounds good,” he replied. “Morgana, anything you need to talk about?”
“I’m good here,” the catlike being answered with a shake of his considerable head. “Just
make sure you eat before it gets cold, Medea! Cooked fish isn’t exactly great left out like
that!”
“I intend to,” Medea confirmed. “In that case, I bid you a good evening, my Masters.” She
watched impassively as they walked out of the room, closing the door behind them. Once it
shut, she shifted her bounded fields once more, heralded by the faint click of the lock sliding
back into place. A moment later, it was quiet within save for the spark of magecraft once
more.
Medea heaved a sigh. Her Masters were infuriatingly puzzling, to put it mildly. From their
magecraft to their personalities to the breadth of their knowledge, they were as far removed
from magi as possible. Were they simply completely ignorant of their origins as magi? It
wasn’t unheard of – in that grail war with Saber, the king’s Master had been as infuriatingly
ignorant. It made it near child’s play to capture his command seals for herself, various
interferences notwithstanding.

On further reflection, no. At least Saber’s Master had the scantest knowledge of magecraft.
These two didn’t even have that.
Reaching up, she lowered her hood, allowing her pale blue hair to cascade down behind her
as she felt the cool air of the hold splash up against her forehead and pointed ears. What
would Souichirou have thought of them, she wondered. He always had a unique read of
people, one that was similar yet distinct from her own. Would he have some insight she
possibly might have missed? Times like these were when she missed his counsel and
company the most.
In the meantime, a scent reached her nose. Or rather, one that had been there for a while but
she put it out of her mind until now. Deciding to at least humor her Masters, she walked over
to the plate of dinner sitting there. Taking a fork, she cut into the piece of halibut and took a
bite. It was the savory, if a touch bland – not enough herbs and spices that she was
accustomed to. Still, it was adequate for a sea fare.
The Caster drummed her fingers on the table as she chewed pensively. Maybe she should
introduce a few of the herbs at least. There was much one could do here…
Then the circle sparked slightly. Turning, she glared in irritation at Poseidon’s energy once
more leaking into her readings… which morphed into curiosity as it seemed to be trailing off
on something. A threadlike wisp of light that seemed to trail off into the distance, past the
ship’s hold. Reaching up, she raised her hood as for the first time in the evening, a small
smile curled her lips.
How intriguing.
As Ren and Morgana walked away from Medea’s room, the former couldn’t help but chuckle,
causing the catlike being to glance his way. “What’s so funny?” he asked.
The Phantom Thief grinned down at his best friend. “She’s a Magician arcana, like you,” he
answered. “Thought it was kinda funny.”
Morgana blinked several times, then joined in his friend’s mirth. He was right - it was funny.
David yawned as he lounged in the crow’s nest. The timber beneath him creaked and groaned
as the ship sailed, a sound that became almost as soothing as a lullaby. A sea breeze blew
past, playfully tussling his green hair while carrying the scent of brine. He could hear the
crew below, their shouts indistinct as they carried out their tasks or hollered out whatever
conversation they had before. While loud and raucous, it became a surprisingly pleasant hum
when he was in the distance. It was simply business as usual.
He took an idle glance at his surroundings. Even with the darkening skies, he could still see
clearly around him thanks to his supernatural vision. The seas were calm and smooth, and the
skies were clear for miles around. Nor was there anything that could present itself as a threat
both above or below the surface that he could see. It was shaping up to be a rather quiet,

relaxing night. Maybe he could grab some dinner and a drink back on the deck, then
afterward play a tune or two. It was always a decent way to pass an evening on the ship.
At least, that was what he initially planned.
“I thought my watch was going to be a rather lonely one, with Ren busy recovering,” he
commented. “But I’m always pleasantly surprised to have some company – especially from a
lovely lady.” He turned with a smile to a somewhat anxious looking Saint Martha. “To what
do I owe the pleasure?”
Martha opened her mouth, hesitated, closed it, then opened it again. “You said your name
was David, correct?” she asked. “And you wield a sling. If you are the same David that I
believe you are, then… I would appreciate some guidance about a certain matter.”
The Archer blinked in surprise before turning fully toward her. The name Martha hadn’t
escaped him, nor had her Tarrasque. If she wished to speak with him seriously, then it would
be irresponsible not to hear her out - especially one as devoted as she was. “Speak then,” he
replied, his tone warm and reassuring. “What is it that troubles you?”
The Rider leaned against the side of the crow’s nest, trying to figure out how to word it. “Are
you aware of the… beings our Masters use?” she asked. “Particularly Ren’s?”
“I am aware of them, yes,” David answered, withholding a smirk as he recalled both the
dragon and the phoenix he had summoned back in the storm. It was incredibly hard to miss
even amidst the chaos. “Is there something about them you find disturbing?”
The saint hesitated, causing the Archer to brace himself. Magecraft was many things, but
‘moral’ was often an incredibly distant definition for them. His first thought was that it was
something heinous before he discarded it. Martha would likely never be the Servant of such
abhorrent Masters – at least, not as she was. Nor did Ren or Morgana seem like the type of
people to condone, let alone commit, such acts. No, that wasn’t the issue. Perhaps it was“They can summon all manner of beings depending on need,” she slowly explained, her
finger twiddling with a hem of her robe. “Including that of angels and demons. I have even
borne witness to him summoning Satan twice, albeit once in a… different form than I am
familiar with.”
David relaxed slightly, though he was still wary. “As we both know, the devil can take many
different guises,” he replied. “What form did he take under Ren’s control?”
Martha drew in a breath to compose herself. “It was a monstrous figure, hideous to behold,”
she recounted, memories of the France singularity flashing through her mind. “Great,
skeletal, serpentine, and blue. Incredibly blue. It used powerful ice magecraft as it bore a face
full of wrath and power. It was a terrifying spectacle, and yet…”
She paused, lost in thought. “What else?” the shepherd asked gently.
“… it didn’t feel like the adversary,” the saint continued in a low voice. “It wasn’t the great
enemy He had told us about. Its bearing, while fierce, felt more like sternness than cruelty. Its

power, though under Ren’s command, felt more like admonishments than torture. This… the
Satan he had created wasn’t an enemy. Rather, he felt like… well, an angel. One that judged
and punished sinners under His will. It’s certainly not something I expected and I’ll admit, it
makes me uneasy.”
The Archer nodded in consideration. During his time, that was how Satan had been depicted:
An angel still under His grace, not cruel but merciless as he visited retribution on sinners.
The depiction of him as the devil came well after his time. “You said you had seen him
twice,” he pointed out. “What of the other time?”
The Rider stiffened. “That time… was the one I was more familiar with,” she whispered. “A
great being, powerful, beautiful, and terrible. With dark gray skin like soot, three pairs of
great, demonic wings, and horns that curled out of its head. In terms of appearance, it was
unfamiliar as was its name – Lucifer, I believe Ren called it. But I can’t forget the presence
and malevolence it emanated. That one truly was the devil.”
The shepherd frowned in consideration at Martha’s description. “Are you worried that he
might fall to temptation?” David asked evenly, reclining against the wooden wall of the
crow’s nest. “You said that he can summon angels as well. Does that not alleviate matters?”
The saint quickly shook her head. “No, that’s not what I’m worried about,” she hurriedly
corrected. “Rather… ugh, how do I word this properly?” She shifted from foot to foot, trying
to find the proper words. Already she had been worried about acting like a fool in front of
David, and now compounded with everything else, she was at a loss for words.
The shepherd, seeing Martha fret, reached over and placed a hand on her shoulder. As the
Rider froze at the touch, he smiled warmly. “Peace,” he reassured her. “Whatever your
troubles may be, I will hear you and guide you through as best I can. So please, take a deep
breath. I shall wait.”
Martha blinked several times, then nodded. “Y-yes, of course,” she stammered slightly.
“Forgive me for being so unsightly.”
“There’s nothing to forgive,” the Archer brushed off. “Speak when you are ready.”
She took a deep breath as she organized her thoughts. “What he summons,” she elaborated.
“Are not the actual beings. From what he has told me, they are pieces of his soul, each one
corresponding with the identity of the being? So there’s a bit of his soul that represents Satan,
another that represents that phoenix he summoned back in the storm, and I presume it’s the
same for the other angels and demons he summons? It’s… not something I understand too
well, admittedly.”
The saint sighed in frustration, not noticing David stiffen at her explanation. “I just don’t
rightly know how to treat someone who can embody all these beings, and with such ease,”
she grumbled, running a hand through her long purple hair. “It’s rather frustrating, to be
honest.”
David was silent, staring out over the sea. His gaze seemed far away, as though pondering
something of great importance. They sat in silence, with only the clamor of the deck and the

occasional sea breeze whistling by as the Rider’s discomfort grew. “I-I’m sorry, I realize my
concerns must be foolish-“ she stammered out as she began bowing.
“What? No, of course not!” the shepherd hurriedly replied, immediately seizing her shoulder
to stop her. “Please forgive me. My thoughts were elsewhere.”
Smiling warmly, he sat back and relaxed again at the edge of the nest. “Tell me, Martha –
what do you think of your Masters?” he asked.
Martha’s eyes widened, then pondered. “… They are in a situation that demands so much
from them,” she murmured. “Yet despite their circumstances, they don’t give up nor do they
despair. They also treat everyone well, be they Servants or human. They even feed us despite
us explaining multiple times we don’t need it.”
David couldn’t help but chuckle at that. Morgana in particular had been insistent on that
front. “So do you believe they are evil?” he asked. “Or rather, do you believe they listen to
the evil that dwells within their souls?”
The saint opened her mouth slightly, then firmly shook her head. “I do not believe so,” she
answered. “Rather, they seem to use both angels and demons, as well as the other beings, as
more tools than anything else.”
The shepherd nodded. “It would seem so,” he agreed. “And are tools by themselves
necessarily evil? Or is it the intent wielding them that’s more important?”
Martha was silent as she considered, then relaxed slightly. “You speak truly,” she
acknowledged. “Indeed, it is the intent that is more important. And thus far, my Masters have
acted with integrity and kindness, no matter what beings they call forth.”
Smiling, the Archer nodded. “Much dwells in the heart of humanity,” he added. “Including
evil. What ultimately matters is what is done with it all – whether we heed them, ignore them,
or even utilize them. It is a most precious gift from our Lord, wouldn’t you agree?”
The saint smiled. “Yes, you are right,” she agreed. “It is a lesson I should have learned long
ago. I apologize that you must remind me.”
David shook his head. “No need to apologize,” he reassured her. “Even the wisest need
reminders from time to time. Do what your heart bids you, and He will assuredly guide your
hand. May you be blessed.”
“And you,” Martha replied. “Thank you for hearing me out. And I must say, it is a
tremendous honor being able to speak with you. I’ve read and heard many stories of your
feats and devotion. To be able to meet in person like this, even as ephemeral existences such
as ours, is far more than I could ask for.”
The Archer laughed heartily. “No, no, you do me too much honor, Martha,” he easily brushed
off. “I’m naught but a humble shepherd, now a lookout for the Golden Hind. If you truly
wish to commemorate the occasion, however, perhaps you can get some drinks from below?
A celebration is nothing without a good toast, after all.”

The saint blinked several times, then nodded. “Of course!” she enthusiastically agreed.
“Please, allow me one moment. I’ll try to find liquor worthy of the occasion.”
“Some of the normal drink will suffice,” David remarked with a grin. “But I won’t say no to
good liquor. I’ll leave the choice up to you.”
“Of course,” the Rider replied. She turned around and almost ran off the crow’s nest, soon
vanishing into golden light as she went for drinks. The shepherd could only chuckle to
himself as he watched her leave. An enthusiastic young woman to be sure, but a
compassionate and kind one. Most of his advice had been simple reminders at most – she
would be just fine.
As he turned away to look back over the sea, his smile turned into a frown of consternation.
What Martha had told him was rather troubling, however. Taking pieces of one’s soul and
granting them identities was a tremendous feat of compartmentalization, visualization, and
construction. Doing it once was already exceptional, let alone two or three times. Ren,
however, had a considerable number of them – all with different and distinct identities,
powers, and specialties.
The Archer tapped the edge of the nest as he pondered. He was far from a magus in either
knowledge or lifestyle, yet he knew some things here and there. Enough to know that a
modern magus would have an incredibly difficult time achieving such a feat by themselves, if
at all. Most likely they would need to specialize and call upon higher powers in order to
succeed, but who? The Age of Gods had long since ended, with the power of the divinities
withdrawn and vanished from the world. Was it the Almighty? Or was it someone else that he
had no knowledge of?
As he considered possibilities, an unnerving comparison wormed its way into his mind. The
former king knew many people with magical ability – from priests and acolytes to
spellcasters and druids. Whether their powers were real or simply tricks of a charlatan, it had
been difficult for him to ultimately judge. However, he had witnessed one particular
individual who stood head and shoulders above everyone else, past, present, and future. Only
he had done something he could compare to what Ren and Morgana utilized.
Solomon, his own son and heir… and the greatest magus that had ever walked the Earth.
He cast his thoughts back. Solomon had done similar, creating daemon familiars with his own
soul. There were most likely other similarities though given his limited knowledge of
magecraft, what those were eluded him. His intuition pinpointed the correlation, but not how.
Was it merely a coincidence and they simply discovered another branch of magecraft that was
similar? Or was it something else entirely?
His frown deepened. Come to think of it, the demon god pillars the Chaldeans had
mentioned. What were their names? Orobas and Flauros? Now that he thought about it, they
sounded rather familiar themselves. Surely, they weren’t the same ones he was thinking of…
were they?
With a sigh, he ran a hand through his green hair and looked up at the darkening sky. The
crescent moon shone with a pale light above as the stars slowly came into sight. The black

seas glimmered like a shimmering cloak of diamonds. Songs rang out over the evening as the
crew below drunkenly belted out sea shanties, the words indistinct and distant. Unlike the
Almighty, he was neither omniscient nor omnipotent. All he could do was shepherd them to
safer pastures and deal with the wolves that come prowling out of the woods.
In the end, what will be, will be.
The captain’s quarters on the Golden Hind was surprisingly lavish. It was a large single cabin
that took up the stern of the ship, right underneath the shipwheel. On one side of the room
were racks of weapons, from cutlasses to flintlock pistols to blunderbusses, gleaming in the
lantern light. On the other was a protected cabinet filled with rows of similar looking books,
closed with a heavy-looking brass lock. A desk stood by the door, its surface strewn about
with surfaces, open books, and various navigation tools. Contrary to Drake’s appearance, the
quarters were rather well kept. The only sign of her slovenly nature was a large, unmade bed
that sat in a corner, with a tower of empty tankards leaning askew nearby.
Within, the captain sat with her boots on a long dining table. A long row of windows, which
normally provided her with a view of the ocean behind them, showed nothing but the
darkness of the night, lit only by the lanterns outside. “So let me get this straight,” she stated,
rolling one of the uncut gems they had recovered in her hand as she looked at it with a
discerning eye. “What we picked up aren’t just ‘treasures’, but essentially securing pins for
some sort of barrier to a restricted area?”
“A bit crude in explanation, but that is the sum of it,” Medea replied, nodding toward the
hippocampus figure that floated in the air, emanating a sea-green light that trailed in a certain
direction. “These figures have been maintaining some sort of bounded field, and the uncut
gems are the ‘keys’ to retrieving them. What this bounded field is concealing, I cannot say
for certain, but someone went to great lengths to create it.”

“Hm, this is pretty suspicious,” Ritsuka commented with a frown, leaning against the dining
table. “When it comes to bounded fields like this, it’s either to keep people out, or something
in. And usually for good reason.”

“There’s a lot of reasons people lock up things,” Ren pointed out, leaning forward into the
back of his chair that he had reversed. “But honestly, we don’t really have a way to figure out
what they are until we figure out what’s locked in there in the first place. What about you,
Roman? You got anything?”

‘I don’t see anything in our scans,’ the doctor mused, his visage glancing at another monitor
beside him. ‘So far, while we have detected a number of smaller landmasses nearby, there’s
nothing in the indicated direction. If there’s a bounded field, then it’s very well hidden.’

Drake stared at the figurine, pondering as she idly tossed the gem from hand to hand.
“Suppose we sail straight there,” she mused. “What do you think will happen?”
The witch frowned. “A bounded field’s effects can be myriad,” she answered. “If the creator
wished to be subtle, they can simply warp our perceptions and space so we simply appear on
the other side of it, none the wiser. It could lure sea monsters to our location or create some
sort of phenomenon to sink us, be it storms or whirlpools. Seeing as the magical energy bears
traces of Poseidon’s energy, I doubt the field’s effects shall be gentle.”
She fell silent, as if musing over something. “Somethin’ else?” Drake asked, cocking an
eyebrow. “Go on, spill. The more we know what we’re dealing with the better. Considering
how everything’s gone belly-up, I wouldn’t be surprised if you tell me the world has flipped
upside down.”
Medea couldn’t help but let a slightly amused smirk curl her lips. “In a sense, it has,” she
replied, causing the captain’s eyebrows to raise even higher. “These treasures and the
materials they are made of aren’t anything that exist in your time. Even if these were ancient
artifacts or relics, their mystery would’ve faded considerably by now, leaving telltale marks
and tracks that I would have detected.”
Roman’s eyes widened in pure shock through the communicator. ‘Wait, you can’t seriously
mean-‘ he spluttered.
“I do,” the Caster confirmed. “These artifacts have been displaced from time and brought
here from the Age of the Gods, a distortion in the singularity. How that distortion came to be,
I’m uncertain. But I cannot mistake the mysteries around them for anything else.”
“Huh,” Drake muttered. “Well how about that. We definitely picked up a helluva treasure
then.”
Ren nodded in agreement before the sound of furious typing caught his attention. He glanced
over at the communicator and noticed Roman looking off to the side in curiosity. “Something
happening over there, doc?” he asked.
‘It seems Da Vinci is looking for something,’ he explained. ‘Er, what are you looking for,
exactly?’
‘Oh, just a small thing that came to mind,’ the self-proclaimed genius’s voice wafted in from
off-screen. ‘Medea, would you be able to send the energy and mystery readings of the
artifacts over? I can provide a more standardized gauge for you if it’s needed.’
“It won’t be necessary, but thank you for your thoughtfulness,” the Caster replied to her
colleague. “I shall have the readings prepared and have it sent to you via our Masters. I take it
you have a similar hypothesis?”
Da Vinci giggled. ‘Good to know fellow geniuses think alike~’ she chirped. ‘Indeed! I do
believe that fluctuation in the singularity might have been the cause of the appearance of
these artifacts – and perhaps, the islands and the bounded field themselves! However, I

cannot confirm for certain until I have the data for a conclusion, so do bear in mind it’s only
a conjecture~’
“Wait, so on top of that storm, we now have even more things to deal with?” Ritsuka spouted.
She ran a hand through her hair in exasperation. “Singularities are already a mess as is, and
now this. This is gonna be fun.”
‘Well, the storm was part of the same fluctuation which most likely also brought in those
monsters-‘ Roman began pointing out.
“You know what I mean,” Ritsuka growled, shooting an irritated glare at the doctor who
simply laughed nervously before looking away.
Drake meanwhile had been silent, leaning back in her chair as she continued to roll the uncut
gem while examining it under the lantern light. “So, Age of the Gods, huh?” she mused.
“That is correct,” Medea confirmed.
“And these artifacts here are what’s maintaining the bounded field?” the captain asked. “And
we’ve no clue what’s on the other side of it?”
“Nope,” Ren replied. “Like Ritsuka said, it could be to keep us out or keep something in –
maybe both.” A grin he couldn’t possibly suppress spread across his face. “It’s probably
incredibly dangerous too,” he added.
Drake burst out laughing as she tossed the gem up into the air and easily caught it in her other
hand. “You make it sound like you already know the words coming out of my mouth!” she
cried heartily as she came down, her chair legs landing on the deck with a heavy thunk. “In
that case, we only have one way to go! Set a course for the next island with an artifact! We’re
gonna see what’s behind this bounded field! Where there’s danger, there’s bound to be
treasure! It’s gonna be a helluva adventure!”
The witch glanced over to her Masters for their opinions. Ritsuka hesitated but Ren gave her
a reassuring nod and grin. Taking that as her permission, she turned back to the captain.
“Very well,” she accepted. “I shall speak with the helmsman to set our course.” Turning, she
took the floating figurine from the table and swept out the cabin without another word.
“I’ll go inform the others then,” Ritsuka stated, getting up from her seat with an uneasy
smile. “And catch them up on what’s going on. Best to be prepared, right? I’ll join you in a
bit, captain.” With that, she scurried out of the cabin after the Caster, closing the door behind
her as she went.
“Helluva crew you got, Joker,” Drake remarked with a grin.
Ren couldn’t help but chuckle. “Couldn’t ask for anyone better,” he agreed. “Your crew too –
they seem rather cheerful and gung-ho despite everything we’ve encountered so far.”
The captain laughed again. “Ah, dumb louts, the lot of them,” she brushed off with a wave
before passing the uncut gem between her hands again. “But they dangle a good pay day in

front of them and they’ll follow you into the jaws of hell.”
Then she paused for a moment, then grinned. “The sea’s close enough though!” she joked.
“Just probably a whole lot more watery than they expected!” They both shared a hearty laugh
at the crew’s expense, the sounds of their mirth echoing throughout the cabin.
“But still,” Ren pressed once their laughter died down. “I get wanting to follow out of
desperation – after all, we’re in pretty hostile waters right now – but there’s something more
to it. Even more than possibly striking it rich. I wanted to know what that was for you.”
Drake raised an eyebrow. “Following Ritsuka’s lead and taking a page from my book?” she
questioned.
The Phantom Thief considered, then shook his head with a smile. “Just curiosity,” he replied.
“That so?” the captain remarked with a skeptically raised eyebrow. Then she shrugged,
tossing the uncut gem one more time between her hands before placing it in her coat pocket.
“Lemme show you somethin’,” she stated as she stood up. Walking briskly over to a cabinet,
she opened it and took out a long roll of paper. With a flourish, she unfurled it onto the table.
“What do you see here?” she asked.
Ren looked down at the paper in curiosity. At first, he thought it was some splotchy paper.
But as he looked more closely in the dim lantern lighting, he realized it was a map. However,
unlike the ones he was used to, there were several spots that were conspicuously blank,
especially to the far north and south. In the oceans were drawings of various sea monsters
and gigantic fishes, which he recalled was a metaphor for unexplored or dangerous waters.
“It’s a map,” he stated bluntly, looking up to meet Drake’s eyes. “A very incomplete one.”
“Aye,” she agreed. “’Tis an incomplete one indeed.”
Leaning over, she tapped on the blank spots. “Have you ever wondered, Joker, what lies
beyond there?” Drake asked. “What unexplored lands, monsters, people, and treasure waiting
to be discovered? Adventures that would make even the wildest tales you’ve heard seem as
drab as a child’s bedtime story? Anything and everything could be there, if we’ve got the guts
to go.”
The Phantom Thief looked back down at the map. In his time, the world had long since been
completely filled out. Voyages of discovery were a thing of the distant past, with satellites
taking images of the planet far more accurate than any human cartographer. Though now
there were new frontiers to explore – the stars and the deep oceans – more often than not it
was done with unmanned drones and remote-controlled robots. It was far more practical,
given the precise instruments of such machines, but it certainly lacked the romanticism that
the captain embodied.
Then his mind flashed back to his times in Palaces. Exploring room by room, corridor by
corridor, his and his friends’ senses alert for any enemies or traps. Even when they found
maps, they still had to be wary – even a mundane, unopened room could still hold an enemy

or treasure, possibly both. It made every foray into a Palace a risk into the unknown, with all
its attendant risks.
And there was Mementos. There was no point in mapping it out; the floors changed their
configurations and layouts each and every time they entered and exited. Shadows lurked
behind every corner as winding corridors gave way to empty rooms and dead ends.
Sometimes there was treasure waiting for them. Other times nothing at all. Futaba could
sometimes scope out the entire floor, but more often than not they had to simply venture
forward into the unknown. And if they ever lingered too long on a floor…
Just the memory of the chains echoing throughout the dark subway tunnels filled him with
trepidation – and excitement.
“Aye, you understand,” Drake remarked with a broad, knowing grin. “Everyone has theories
or myths of these uncharted waters. Maybe it’s the edge of the world that leads to either an
abyss or an endless ocean. Maybe it’s nothing but monsters and death beyond. Maybe it’s the
land of the gods where they all sit around drinking ambrosia and nectar. Who knows?”
“And what do you think?” Ren asked, his curiosity piqued.
The captain laughed. “You already know!” she declared. “The philosophers and
mathematicians in ancient times long since figured it out but I’m gonna prove: Our world is
round! I’ll voyage forward until we’re back where we started! I’ll carve my name into history
and make it indisputable! And I also get filthy rich in the bargain! Not a bad deal, eh?”
Ren nodded, pondering. “And what if you’re wrong?” he asked, stopping Drake’s laughter.
“What if the end of the world is nothing but an abyss or an endless sea? Or filled with
monsters and death, as you said? What then?”
The cabin filled with silence as the two simply stared at one another. Ren leaned up casually
against the table next to the map as the captain’s face was uncharacteristically blank. Finally,
she broke into a grin. “Well then, it’ll be one helluva adventure, won’t it?” she declared
happily. “And those louts out there – sure, a rich payday will get them places but deep down,
they’re all sea dogs like me. You get ‘em plastered and then ask ‘em if they’re curious what
lies in those blanks. Bet ya my pistols you’ll get the same damn answer each and every time.”
Ren paused in thought, then smiled to himself. Sure, both Mementos and the Palaces were
dangerous and filled with the unknown. And sure, he and his friends had good reasons to
delve into them. But he recalled his friends curiously and eagerly peering over his shoulder
each and every time he opened a treasure chest. Their caution with each room and corridor
they explored, their excitement and elation with each fight and victory. “Fair enough,” he
conceded. “I can’t argue with that.”
“Ya damn well can’t!” Drake boomed as she slammed a hand on the table with a guffaw. “I
know that fire in your eyes the moment I saw it – it’s the same one that blazes bright through
every wave and storm for me! That’s the reason why I took you and yours aboard! With the
likes of you around, any adventure is bound to get more interesting, and whaddya know, ya
already proved it! Besides, we got a score to settle, don’t we?”

The Phantom Thief blinked. “We do?” he asked curiously.
The captain grinned dangerously. “I haven’t forgotten about our little bout on the first day,”
she pointed out. “And like hell am I gonna let that settle. Soon as we got a bit o’ time to rest,
we’re resuming where we left off!”
For a moment, Ren was stunned silent – then he burst out laughing as well. “You’re right! We
stopped before we got to the good part!” he chuckled. “Fine then, you’re on. Hope you don’t
mind your crew watching you hit the deck though! If they lose their respect for you, that ain’t
my problem!”
“Says the one who’s got girls watching him every which way,” the captain shot back with a
grin of her own. Marching over, she grabbed two goblets and a bottle from a nearby cabinet
and poured a healthy amount into both. “Here. No sailor worth their salt makes a promise like
that without a drink. Or are ya still too lily-livered after that first night?”
“Pft, compared to that night, this is nothing,” the Phantom Thief scoffed as he snagged his
own goblet. While the thought of alcohol still turned his stomach, nothing would match
downing three entire barrels’ worth in one go. In a way, it was an invigorating experience.
While he’d never like it, his distaste towards alcohol decreased somewhat. Maybe when he
met up with Ohya again, he’d share a drink with her – in moderation, of course. And with
Sojiro and Iwai too. He owed them that much at the very least.
Shoving aside the sudden pangs in his heart, he raised his drink. “A toast to you, o’ captain,”
he cried. “To adventure and to the unknown! May it line our pockets with riches and glory
forevermore!”
“I’ll drink to that!” Drake roared with a hearty laugh.
They toasted, smashing their goblets together to the point where the liquor splashed out, then
poured it down the gullets. The captain downed it with relish, tilting her head back to get
every last drop, then slammed it down on the table with a breathy sigh. “This is the good life,
Joker!” she declared.
Ren tried to hide his wince as he set down his own goblet after draining it, the acrid flavor of
the drink still lingering heavily on his tongue. Maybe he wasn’t as used to it as he thought. “It
certainly is,” he agreed, unable to hide the rasp in his voice.
The captain’s amused laughter boomed even through the wooden walls of the cabin as the
Golden Hind set off on its new course – toward both treasure and danger beyond measure.
After a few nights though, it quickly lost its charm. The hammocks were itchy and smelled,
the blankets were thin, and the constant swinging was worrying at best. Rolling off the bed
typically wasn’t a danger unless the quartermaster or Eckhart was yelling in a particularly
dozy sailor’s ear. Morgana had complained about being on the sea back in the Roman
singularity. And for many, said complaints were rather justified.

For Mash, however, she still found it enjoyable. Learning the ropes – literally – on the ship,
assisting with the crew wherever she was needed, and even just watching the waves rolling
by had been new experiences for her. The closest she had been to the sea was on the island
with the Chimera, where she didn’t have the time or space to really appreciate it. It absolutely
couldn’t compare to sailing on them directly. Even the hammocks she found surprisingly
fun.
Besides, rough as they were, sleeping on the ground was worse still.
That said, she found herself awake in the middle of the night. The crew quarters were
surprisingly loud, filled with the raucous snoring from dozens of sleeping sailors as the ship’s
lumber creaked and groaned in the background. The only lighting were the few lanterns hung
up on posts, their dimly burning candles illuminating only just enough to see the floor. This
wasn’t the first time she woke up in the middle of the night, but no matter how much she
tossed and turned, sleep completely eluded her.
Sighing in defeat, she slowly rolled out of her hammock and gently stepped onto the deck. As
she blinked sleep out of her eyes, she checked her surroundings and found Ren a few rows
away. He was sleeping face down, with an arm dangling off the side. Morgana meanwhile
was curled up on his back in his cat form, occasionally twitching in his sleep.
Mash eyed them curiously. She wondered what they were dreaming of. Was Ren-senpai in his
dream world? She hadn’t visited since that night — though the desire to do so stayed buried
in her mind.
How would she even stop by again? Should she simply wish for it as she drifted off to sleep?
He had said something like that, but she wasn’t sure what to make of it.
Ren shifted slightly, bringing the Shielder out of her ruminations, and watched as he curled
up deeper in his sleep. Morgana barely even shifted, easily keeping his balance. She relaxed
slightly as they stilled, smiling as she watched their contented expressions.
Yet as she observed her sleeping senpai, a strange impulse crept into her mind. It was a
thought she had before, but one that now grew in presence and latched onto her thoughts like
an unwanted passenger on a train. It turned from a mere passing observation to an allconsuming fact. And that thought was just a simple truth:
‘His hair looks so fluffy…’
He was sleeping. She knew better. She absolutely knew better. But… it looked so fluffy, like
Fou’s fur, but far more chaotic - unorderly in a cute way she wanted to pat and toy with.
Before she knew it, her hand was ever so slowly reaching toward his hairAnd she wrested it back. He was sleeping! Ren-senpai had already gone through so many
fights and difficulties in this singularity alone– convincing Drake to join them, the storm, and
finally outrunning countless wyverns to escape. He deserved the rest! She couldn’t possibly
risk disturbing him for something like that, not when he had been fighting so hard!
….

Could she?
Desire and responsibility warred within her mind, yet her innocent nature left her completely
inexperienced with suppressing her impulses. And with each cute little twitch from her
senpai, responsibility slowly but surely gave more and more ground. Her desire to rustle his
messy hair continued to increase all the more.
It seemed that her unfaltering willpower to protect her senpai could not quite protect him
from herself.
As quietly as she could, she creeped over to her senpai’s side. Raising her hand, she ever so
slowly and hesitantly reached out… and placed it on Ren’s head. The sensation of his soft
hair filled her senses with delight.
‘Ah, it really is fluffy…’ she silently cooed.
As she quietly pet him, she idly noted his hair wasn’t quite as fluffy as last time. The
conditions his last outing combined with the lack of a proper shower had done a number on
the chaotic equilibrium that defined his hair. It was unlikely it would return to maximum
fluffiness until after the singularity’s conclusion. Such luxuries were unfortunately lacking
compared when out on the field compared to the facility.
Still, the strange new voice in Mash’s head that spurred on this ridiculous action was hardly
dismayed by this fact, delighting in the sensation regardless. While she had felt fluffier – very
little could compare to Fou’s well-groomed and luxurious coat – but there was a strange joy
that came from this instead. Even if it wasn’t the perfected fluffiness she had been more
accustomed to, it brought her a ticklish joy she very rarely felt.
“Hehe.… he… ehehehe...”, she giggled – a quiet, unintentional sound that bubbled from her
lips without her even realizing. She continued to gently stroke his hair as she did, lost in the
momentThe Phantom Thief stirred slightly, causing Mash to freeze in terror, suddenly mortified at the
prospect of her selfish indecency being discovered! Her breath caught in her throat as fear
seized hold, awaiting whatever judgement may come… And instead nuzzled more into her hand as he settled down. The girl could only sigh in
relief as she finally took a step back, finally releasing the disorderly mop on his head from
her grasp. She stared warmly down at her sleeping senpai, who curled back up in his slumber.
Was it just the lighting or was he frowning slightly now? Her senses finally caught up to her
and a singular thought pierced her mind like a thorn to a bubble.
‘What am I doing?’
With a small sigh, she moved back – and squeaked as she felt her heel hit something.
Glancing back, she found her sword laying there on the deck, still in its sheath. The silver
gleamed dully with the lantern light, refracting the flickering candle in a mesmerizing pattern.
It had drawn the eyes of every sailor that laid eyes on it and even Drake herself, yet none of

them did anything besides silently admire it. Even in such an environment, surrounded by
banality and ill-fitting a sailing ship, it still glimmered like a treasure beyond worth.
Reaching down, she slowly picked it up from the deck and looked it over for any scratches or
dents. Right – she had set it down for the evening.
As she expected, it was in pristine condition. That was to be expected of such a gift from
senpai. There was no way it would be damaged in such a mundane environment. Or even if it
clashed against the monsters they had been encountering or enemy Servants despite their
supernatural ability. Not that she knew for sure – she still hadn’t properly drawn the blade
since she first received it. Even during Boudica’s and Leonidas’s tutelage, they had used
training weapons instead as they drilled the fundamentals into her.
A chill came over Mash, starting from her fingertips and slowly spreading throughout her
body as a feeling of trepidation crawled down her spine. She took one last glance at Ren, who
was sleeping off his exhaustion from his accomplishment, all while she stood too afraid to
even hold the glittering metal in her hand. Feeling more ridiculous than ever, Mash turned
away with the sheathed blade still in her hand and began moving toward the stairs.
There was no way she would be able to get any sleep right now anyway.
As she stepped up the stairs and walked past other decks, she passed by other sailors who
were working through the night. A few were hauling supplies, others were cleaning or
working on various repairs. They glanced up as she passed by and either returned to their
work or gave a nod with a murmured “Miss Kyrielight”.
She nodded back politely in turn and wondered about them. They were on this voyage too,
were they not? What were their lives like before? What pushed them to sail with Drake
despite all the hazards? Was this something they ever imagined themselves doing?
Her grip around the sword tightened as she picked up her pace.
The top deck was quiet. Two or three sailors worked under lantern light, jointly whistling a
sea shanty. The sky above was a filigree of stars, broken up by patches of absolute darkness
as clouds drifted by. She could hear the water splashing far below against the Golden Hind as
the sails above her fluttered in the wind. While she couldn’t see David, he was most likely up
in the crow’s nest as always.
She walked forward to the prow of the ship. The darkness of the night melted into the gloom
of the sea, becoming a void that was broken only by the stars. There was nothing she could
see ahead or around her.
As she gazed into the distance, tales of gods and mariners sailing through the night skies
bubbled to her mind from her studies. Was this view where they had originated from? She
could see why - there was a beauty and mysticism here that was hard to fathom through
videos or pictures.
Sitting down at the edge, the Shielder sighed softly as she brushed aside a few strands of hair
that had blown in her face. Lifting up her sword, she hesitantly drew it partially out of its

sheath. Despite the dimness of the lanterns, the blade still caught the light regardless and
gleamed as though it was made of fire. It was a beauty that again stole her breath like it had
the first day she beheld it. It was a work of art like no other. She still wondered to this day
how he made it. He hadn’t told her, and she hadn’t felt like it was her place to ask.
“Should you not be asleep, Mash Kyrielight?”
The Shielder squeaked in surprise as the great form of Siegfried walked up. “My apologies,”
he murmured. “I didn’t mean to startle you. “
Mash shook her head rapidly. “N-no, not at all, Siegfried!” she quickly reassured him. “Just,
um, taking in some fresh air. I had some trouble sleeping tonight.”
“Some nights are harder to pass than others,” the dragonslayer agreed. “May I join you?”
“Of course!” she accepted, motioning to a spot near her.
Siegfried smiled and bowed slightly in thanks before walking over and sitting down next to
her.
Moments passed by in companionable quiet. The only sounds that filled air between them
was the whisper of the sea breeze, the distant waves splashing up against the Hind’s hull far
below, and the occasional bark of a sailor as they worked. Staring down at the deck, Mash
saw a small droplet of water tracing its way through the deck. As she watched in fascination,
it followed the grain in the wood, coursing through the worn grooves and toward where the
planks were joined.
“The stars are beautiful at this time of night,” Siegfried suddenly commented.
The Shielder blinked in surprise, startled slightly out of her reverie, before staring up with
him into the night sky. “Yes, it is,” she agreed quietly. Countless motes of light dotted the vast
expanse of darkness above, blending together into a sparkling filigree. The sight was
becoming familiar now from her times in the singularities, yet it was no less wondrous each
and every time she witnessed it.
“Both Ren-senpai and Ritsu-senpai told me they couldn’t see the stars like this back home,”
she commented as she tried to trace out constellations. “The cities they lived in are so filled
with lights that they completely blot out the night sky. Light pollution, I think it was called.
To see anything like this, you would have to go far out into the wilderness or country where
civilization is sparse.”
“Is that so?” the dragonslayer mused. “I must admit, I find such news saddening. Humanity
has progressed far since my time, for which I am glad. But to sacrifice the ability to easily
witness such natural beauty is truly a shame. It is a sight that very few truly tire of, no matter
how many times one sees it.”
“Like you, Siegfried?” Mash asked, glancing over in curiosity.

The Saber nodded with a warm smile. “More often than not I was on the road,” he recalled.
“Following wherever rumors or my whims led me. Many nights, I camped out under the stars
when the weather was decent enough for it. It almost made dealing with the wolves and
bandits that thought I was an easy mark at night worth it.”
He chuckled to himself at the small joke. “But it taught me to appreciate what I had,” he
finished. “Either a canopy of the heavens above or a roof over my head, I made the best of
what I had. It wasn’t the easiest life, but it was rather fulfilling.”
“I see…” Mash whispered pensively. “It sounds like a beautiful way to live, Siegfried. Thank
you for sharing with me.”
“It’s just a small anecdote of my travels,” Siegfried brushed off as his smile widened slightly.
“Think nothing of it.”
A silence, more comfortable than before, descended upon them. Mash stretched to relieve the
stiffness in her limbs – and squeaked as the sword on her lap began tipping over, swiftly
laying her hand on it to prevent its fall. It may be exceedingly resilient, but that wasn’t an
excuse to be careless.
“I do not recall that blade when we first met,” the dragonslayer commented, once again
catching her attention as he nodded to the weapon. “Was it something that came with your
summoning that you hadn’t properly attuned to, perhaps? You are already formidable with a
shield – no doubt it shall be useful in battles to come.”
The icy claw of guilt around her stomach clutched even harder. “I-it’s not from my demiServant summoning, sir,” she denied quietly. “It was… it was a present from Ren-senpai. He
says it’s for me to use as I will to achieve my own goals, whatever they may be.”
Siegfried nodded pensively at her answer. “I see,” he murmured. “That is indeed a very
thoughtful gift of our Master. I’m sure you’re happy with it.”
Mash hesitated, then slowly nodded. “I am,” she confirmed. “However…”
As she hesitated, the dragonslayer glanced over at her in silent question. “There were no
small amount of opportunities to use it. Back when I was hunting the Chimera, and perhaps
even when we fought against those wyverns earlier today. Yet I hadn’t even considered
drawing it. Instead, I merely used my shield as I always did.”
The Shielder fell silent. Her thumb moved slowly across the immaculate crossguard as she bit
her lip. For a moment, the sound of the sea splashing underneath and the flutter of sails filled
the empty air between them.
Siegfried looked up into the night sky, the tapestry of stars glimmering overhead. “You find
that dissatisfying,” he commented. His tone wasn’t questioning – it was an objective
observation.
Her grip on the sheath tightened slightly. “… I feel like I can’t wait,” she finally breathed.
“Not just because of the danger of our mission, but because of Ren-senpai. At great risk to

himself, he achieved something that even he hadn’t conceived up until then. For every small,
safe step I take, he makes great strides and bounds. His back, which I am supposed to protect,
feels ever more and more distant when that happens. I thought… I thought with this sword he
gifted me, I could come closer to where he stands, but…”
Her grip tightened around the scabbard. “But I’m not sure if that’s possible.”
The dragonslayer was pensive. He observed the girl sitting beside him: a noble, skilled, yet
inexperienced warrior both in the ways of war and in life. And her sword was a marvel even
with just a glance and sheathed. Perhaps not as impressive as his own Balmung, but peerless
nevertheless. Both it and the Shielder reminded him of freshly forged blades – sharp,
gleaming, untested, yet reliable nevertheless.
Inwardly, he smiled. The wish to stand beside someone shoulder to shoulder, to be able to
watch one another’s back as they faced off against whatever the world threw at them, was
something he understood well. It was a great luxury and honor for those who lived on the
battlefield, especially in his solitary travels before he met his companions. Had it not been for
them, his beloved wife Kriemhild may not even have known he existed – another blade
among the hundreds she had seen. Mash’s goal was admirable, and one he understood well.
However…
“If I may speak on the matter,” he began, causing Mash to look up in both surprise and
curiosity. “Has our Master made you swear any kind of oath or pledge on the sword? Were
you made to swear fealty to him?”
The Shielder blinked several times. “N-no, not at all!” she immediately denied. “Ren-senpai
made it clear that the sword was to be made for my own goals and use. I had even asked him
what I should use it for, and he replied that he couldn’t answer that. There is no oath or
pledge I’ve sworn to him or to the sword.”
Siegfried nodded. “If that is the case, then it is truly a gift without peer,” he stated. “It is one
that you are to use as you will. The blade is yours to use as you see fit – a hefty responsibility,
but one with a promise of cutting a path through. Our Master has no bearing on this matter;
he himself has made that utterly clear. With that in mind, the question is thus: What do you
wish to do with the sword, Miss Kyrielight?”
Mash opened her mouth to speak, but Siegfried raised his hand to stop her. “As our Master
said, that is your own answer,” he continued. “You are not trained in its proper use, true, but
that does not change the fact that it is now in your hands, ready for your hand and will. No
journey is without its risks, and anything worthy of gain is fraught with peril. However, if
there is something you need – nay, you want – then you must reach out and seize it with your
own hands. Within your grasp is a tool to assist with that. However, you must decide the path
for yourself.”
“… My own path…?” she whispered, looking back down at her sword. Her mind was in an
utter fervor, as though it wandered desperately through a dark forest. Was she allowed to do
that? Where would she even start? What could she do? When would be the time that her new
blade could cut a path for her? Would that even be what Ren-senpai wanted?

Then she remembered the Saber’s words. Her path. As he said, Ren-senpai had no bearing on
it. That made her even more lost. Was she even on a path? Paths at least had some sort of
marker or a clue which way she should walk. Though perhaps her own goal was to simply
step forward, regardless of where her feet might take her? It was foolhardy, and she possibly
would even get lost. Yet what if, just what if, she discovered something, for good or ill?
“I… I’m not sure,” the Shielder finally murmured. “I don’t know what to do.”
The dragonslayer nodded sympathetically. “Few do,” he agreed. “There are times for thought,
and there are times for action. As for which is correct, I cannot say. Were I so wise, perhaps
things might have turned out differently in my life. I might not have been known as the hero
and fool that is Siegfried.”
Smiling at Mash’s surprised and bewildered expression at his statement, he quietly stood.
“Know, however,” he added. “That whatever path you choose, our Masters will never allow
you to tread alone. They shall be with you to provide guidance and assistance as necessary.
That, I can at least wholeheartedly assure you.”
Mash’s mouth opened slightly, then closed as she gulped. That was true, wasn’t it? Be it Rensenpai, Morgana, or Ritsuka, they would be alongside her for this mission. While they
couldn’t provide her direct answers, she could at least speak and learn from them. It was
something she knew about from the beginning – they were her senpais when it came to life,
after all – but it seemed a reminder had been necessary. Something she was grateful for.
“I see…” she murmured. Then she gave a small, grateful smile to the Saber as she bowed.
“Thank you, Siegfried, for your advice. It was very helpful – and it seems I have much to
consider.”
Siegfried’s smile widened. “You are quite welcome, Mash Kyrielight,” he replied in turn.
“Now, perhaps it is time you head back to sleep. It will be only a few hours before dawn, and
undoubtedly the days will become busy before long.”
The Shielder nodded in agreement and stood as well. Grasping her sword more firmly, she
made her way back to the crew quarters as the dragonslayer vanished behind her in a shower
of golden light. He was right – there was much to do and much to ponder. There was a long
way ahead of her right now, and the end was nowhere in sight. But now she had more options
to consider.
A sword tended to be helpful for that.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 121: Chase
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

Expeditions can have unexpected circumstances. Some more dangerous than others.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

“Land ho! Land ho!”
The clamor of a bell accompanied David’s cry as it rang over the Golden Hind. The mood of
the ship picked up as everyone redoubled their pace. The morning sun was well over the
horizon and beginning its upward climb, the sea gleaming a bright turquoise in its golden
rays. A few clouds dotted the skies, but nothing like the storm that assailed them when they
first set out. It was a beautiful morning.
Drake stepped forward to the prow of the ship, taking out her spyglass from the depths of her
coat and putting it to her eye. A smile curled her lips as she spotted the telltale lightness of
land in the far distance. “Alright, put your backs into it!” she roared, turning back to the rest
of the crew. “We got a new day ahead of us! I wanna be at that island before lunch! Unfurl
the sails and catch the wind – it’s at our backs! Hop to!”
“Aye aye!” the crew chorused as they threw themselves into their work.
Ritsuka slowly rolled her neck, wincing slightly as she worked out the stiffness. Sleeping in
hammocks had been fun at first, but now she found herself missing her bed back in Chaldea,
and maybe some more scenery than just open waters. She didn’t bother voicing her
complaints though – since they weren’t getting much closer to resolving the singularity, they
would be on the seas for at least a while longer.
She glanced over to Mash, the sea breeze tussling her short pink hair as her violet eyes
gleamed with eagerness in the morning light. Back when they first met, the Shielder was
courteous and gentle, but there had been a hollowness to her she couldn’t place. How much
she had grown since then. Just this was almost enough to make waking up worth it.
Mash looked over, then blinked in surprise. “Ritsu-senpai? Is something the matter?” she
asked.
The redhead’s eyes widened slightly, then she rapidly shook her head. “Nah,” she quickly
denied. “Just thought today was going to be a good day, was all. Especially seeing how cute
you looked, Mashumallow.”

The Shielder blinked again several times, nonplussed. “Well… thank you, I guess?” she
squeaked slightly. “Did you sleep well?”
Ritsuka sighed, sagging exaggeratedly. “Man, I used to think hammocks were awesome,” she
groaned. “I always wanted to sleep in one. But now I think I’ve had my fill – I’m sore and
stiff all over, and the rocking of the ship isn’t doing me any favors either. I don’t think a
pirate’s life is for me, after all.”
Mash smiled sympathetically. “It is rather hard to get used to,” she admitted as she looked out
over the ocean. “But at least we get a rather beautiful sight to greet us, wouldn’t you agree?
The sea breeze is rather refreshing too.”
“Hrm, good point,” the redhead agreed as she joined her friend at the railing, staring out at
the beauty of the sea and breathing in the briny air. “Only thing missing is a cup of coffee
now. A little pick-me-up coupled with this scenery would be heavenly.”
“Ask and ye shall receive!” came a familiar bombastic voice. Both girls turned to see Ren
walking toward them, steaming mugs in his hands. “I figured we could all use something in
the morning, especially with a new island coming up. Here – careful, it’s hot.”
Ritsuka grinned as she accepted her mug. “You really know how to spoil a girl, don’t you,
Ren?” she remarked playfully. She took a sip – and winced as the scalding liquid hit her
tongue. “Ugh. Instant.”
The Phantom Thief nodded sadly. “Yep,” he confirmed. “Regular coffee beans would go
quickly go bad in this climate anyway. I tried at least a few tricks to make it more palatable
but I don’t exactly have much to work with.”
“It’s fine, senpai,” Mash reassured him with a bright smile. “We’re simply glad you took the
time to prepare something for us.”
Taking another sip, she stared over the ocean again. “What do you think is on the new
island?” she idly wondered.
“Hopefully not more wyverns,” Morgana grumbled as he strode up in his Metaverse form,
hopping up onto the railing and stretching. “From the France singularity and that island, I
think I’ve had enough of them for about a lifetime.”
“Oh, so you can deal with them for eight more then,” Ritsuka joked with a broad grin.
The catlike being bristled as Ren held back a chuckle at his friend’s expense. “I’m good for
all my lifetimes, thank you very much,” he snapped before his expression became pensive.
“Well, we know these islands are protected, though we only really triggered everything after
we took the treasure. What we dealt with before was more of an alarm than anything – who
knows if it’ll be the same with this one.”
“So it could be the same, or it could be something different entirely,” Ren replied. “We were
probably really lucky there wasn’t any special protection on the treasure itself stopping us
from taking it. Not sure if we’ll be so lucky here.”

“Perhaps the ‘keys’ disabled the protections?” Mash suggested. “They were the reason why
you even managed to find the treasure, were they not?”
“Probably, but we can’t count on that,” Ritsuka mused. “We’ve only a sample size of one so
far, and if these artifacts are as dangerous as Medea made them out to be – especially since
they have Poseidon’s power – then getting complacent might lead to them blowing up in our
faces. Maybe even literally.”
“Good point,” the Phantom Thief acknowledged. “I’ll check in with Medea, see if she can
join us for the next expedition. Her expertise is definitely gonna come in handy.”
“Wait, hold on, ‘us’?” Morgana interjected indignantly. “Joker, you’re in no condition to head
back out, not after everything you pulled off just yesterday! You’re staying on the ship and
getting some rest!”
Ren waved his concerns off as sipped at his own coffee. “I’m fine, I’m fine,” he dismissed.
“A good night’s sleep and a few stretches are all I need. It’d be nice if I had another one of
those potions or at least a half decent brew, but beggars can’t be choosers. Besides, we know
what to expect, so-“
Suddenly a hand smacked him hard on the back, causing him to yelp in surprise and pain as
he gripped his mug with both hands before he could drop it. “Like hell ya are,” Drake
growled from behind him. “I like your spirit, kid, but even I can tell when you’ve gone too
far. You’re staying here. Any further arguments and I’ll have you tied into the hammock
myself. Got it?”
The Phantom Thief winced as he slowly straightened up, his hand stinging from holding the
scalding mug. “A-aye aye, ma’am,” he wheezed.
“In that case, I’ll stay too,” Morgana declared. “If I leave you alone, Joker, you’d just go and
find something else to do instead. I’ll make sure you get the proper rest.”
Ren gave a half-amused, half-exasperated smile to his best friend. “You’re doing that again,
Morgana?” he complained jokingly. “I thought we were well past that at this point.”
“Not when you’re like this, you’re not,” Morgana shot back, his paws on his hips. “If I gotta
be the one to tell you to sleep again, then I will.”
Mash blinked owlishly. “Again?” she echoed as she glanced up at Ren in curiosity. “Has he
told you to rest often?”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “Back when we were in Tokyo and we had just met,” he
explained. “Morgana always made sure I went to bed on time. Didn’t matter if I had a rental
video due the next day or that I wanted to make some tools to prep for a heist – he was
always the one telling me to go to bed. I think we had one of our bigger arguments over that,
if I remember right.”
The catlike being bristled again. “Joker, fighting a boss that you were having trouble with for
the fiftieth time is not a good reason to stay up!” he snapped. “Especially on a school night!

You’re lucky Sojiro closed up shop early or he would’ve torn you a new one!”
“Oh come on, I almost had him that time!” Ren grumbled. “I had his patterns down, it was
just a matter of doing it. I would’ve gotten some better sleep if I felt victorious rather than
bitter about getting my face constantly stomped in!”
“If it was a weekend, maybe, but it was a school night!” Morgana yowled. “You wanna
explain to Kawakami you got in late because you were busy with video games?! You were on
thin ice as is!”
Ritsuka couldn’t help herself – she burst out laughing, catching the attention of the others. “II’m sorry,” she gasped through her mirth. “Just… that’s such a stupid reason Morgana has to
tell you to go to bed, Ren, you gotta admit.”
The Phantom Thief huffed indignantly. “Yes, it is a stupid reason,” he agreed, throwing a
smirk over at his best friend. “I’m glad you have faith in my gaming skills at least, Ritsu,
compared to a certain someone.”
“Oh for – you’re never going to let this go, are you?” Morgana lamented as he brought his
paws over his face.
“Nope!” he agreed cheerily.
As they all laughed, Ritsuka already began analyzing the situation in her head. They had no
idea what waited for them on the island or what dangers lurked. An artifact was certainly
there, but they didn’t have a decent way of tracking it. And assuming they wouldn’t set off
any traps approaching or taking it, they certainly would trigger any defenses immediately
after. In short, the landing and the search wouldn’t be nearly as hazardous as the escape
would be.
So how would she minimize the risks?
Ideas starting forming in her mind. ‘Hey Medea, you available?’ she asked.
There was a brief pause, then the Caster answered. ‘Occupied with a few other tasks,’ she
answered. ‘Is there something amiss?’
‘Just wanted to chat with you about a few preparations before we reach the shore,’ she
replied. ‘Mind if I workshop a few ideas with you?’
There was another brief silence, then a small pulse of affirmation. ‘Very well,’ she acceded. ‘I
shall await your company.’
Ritsuka broadly grinned. ‘Thanks Medea!’ she chirped, then withdrew mental contact.
Turning back, she noticed everyone staring at her in curiosity. “I’m just gonna hash some
things out with Medea,” the redhead explained. “Better to be safe than sorry, right?
Especially with Ren out of commission.”

Ren smirked. “I’m hurt!” he called out in mock anger. “You make it sound like I’m a reckless
idiot who gets injured all the time!”
The joke was met with flat stares from everyone, with Mash even pointedly looking away to
avoid meeting his gaze. “You are,” Ritsuka stated bluntly, causing the Phantom Thief to grin
and raise his hands in surrender. “Anyway, I’ll catch you guys in a bit – so much to do, so
little time!” With that, she marched off.
“I wonder what Ritsu has in mind,” Morgana mused, watching the girl head down the stairs
into the depths of the Hind.
“Knowing her, something effective,” Ren replied with a happy grin.
---------Ritsuka double checked her supplies. After grabbing a spare knapsack in the cargo hold, she
filled it with rations, water, a first aid kit, and other supplies. There wasn’t much – she needed
to remain nimble and be able to jettison everything at a moment’s notice – but it was better
safe than sorry. Relying on Mash to be the pack mule all the time was irresponsible and, in
her opinion, just plain rude.
As she looked over her pack, she wrestled with her decisions on what to bring or leave
behind. How did Mash always figure out what was necessary to bring? She always made it
look so easy.. Maybe she could ask for one or two packing tips, just in case…
“Is everything alright, Master?” came a familiar female voice.
“Mar-OW!” The redhead squawked as she rapidly stood up – and slammed her head against a
lower beam, causing the saint to wince in concern. “Ow ow ow,” she squeaked as she rubbed
her head. “Y-yeah, just making sure I’m good to go. How’s everyone else?”
“They’re gathered on the top deck and waiting for you,” Martha answered. “Would you like
me to take a look at that?”
Ritsuka waved her off. “It’s fine, it’s fine,” she reassured her. “I’ve a pretty hard head. At
least, that’s what I’ve been told, anyway.” Lifting the knapsack, she swung it over her
shoulder and nodded, causing an earring that hung on her left ear to bob and glint in the faint
sunlight. “Right. Let’s get a move on!”
The Rider nodded. Together, they made their way back up to the top deck where the others
were waiting. Ren and Morgana stood off to one side, both smiling as soon as they caught
sight of her. Mash was standing by the landing boat with Joan already seated within. Martha
would be coming with her as Tarrasque would be their escape option. In turn, Siegfried
would stay behind to protect the Golden Hind. Medea also remained aboard to maintain the
protections on the ship. And of course…
“Took your sweet time,” Drake called out with a broad grin. “But better to have what you
need than stuck without it. Now come on, we’re wasting daylight here!”

The redhead laughed. “Always gunning for the treasure, aren’t you?” she remarked as she
stepped forward, weaving past some sailors carrying planks.
“What else is there?” the captain shot back before hopping into the landing boat, causing it to
swing precariously and Joan to grip its sides while biting back a thousand curses. “Now come
on, the daylight ain’t gonna last forever, and I wanna be back on the Hind with more treasure
before the sun sets!”
“Aye aye, cap’n,” Ritsuka cheerfully replied. As she approached, she glanced over to Mash.
“You all set?” she asked.
The Shielder nodded, her eyes blazing with eagerness and determination. “Ready, Ritsukasenpai,” she confirmed and hopped into the landing craft. The redhead grinned and jumped in
herself as Martha vanished into her spirit form.
“Bon voyage!” Morgana called out as the sailors began lowering the boat.
“Grab us a souvenir while you’re there!” Ren added.
Ritsuka rolled her eyes. “Keep this up and I’m getting you guys a rock!” she snapped at
them, causing them all to laugh.
Soon, the boat splashed down onto the sea’s surface. Mash and Martha each grabbed an oar
and began rowing their way toward the island, easily pushing past the waves as they made for
the shore. Meanwhile, the Master reached up and tapped her earring. ‘Check, check,’ she
called out mentally. ‘How are you reading, Medea?’
‘The connection is stable,’ the witch reported. ‘As expected, there aren’t any mysteries that
interfere with karmic bonds and communication.’
‘And how’s your scrying?’ the redhead asked as her eyes trained on the island ahead.
‘Effective so far,’ Medea responded. ‘Do you have the tracking gem with you?’
Ritsuka reached into the pocket of her uniform’s jacket and pulled out one of the uncut gems.
It now glowed with a golden light and cast a faint but noticeable beam of light, aiming
straight toward the island like an arrow before fading away. ‘Yep, and it seems like the
enchantment’s holding,’ she reported. ‘You’re a miracle worker like always, Medea.’
She could feel the Caster shift in mild discomfort at the compliment. ‘Trivial works,’ she
dismissed with slightly more annoyance than she expected. ‘Stay alert, Master. Though I’m
connected with you and can monitor your progress, there is likely much I haven’t been able to
detect from this distance.’
‘You got it,’ the redhead acknowledged before cutting off communication once more, though
knowing Medea would still be watching. Looking back over at Mash, Joan, and Drake, she
nodded. “Looks like the preparations are paying off so far,” she announced. “With any luck,
all I did was just waste a bit of Medea’s time.”

“I’m sure she doesn’t mind if it helps keep us safe,” Mash reassured her with a bright smile.
“Right, Joan?”
The Lancer huffed as she looked out over the choppy waves. “Better than diving headfirst
unprepared, I guess,” she grumbled.
“Well, I’m not nearly good enough to get away with that,” Ritsuka chuckled, causing the
former doppelganger to scowl. “You sure you don’t want to stay behind and rest as well? I’m
sure that first trip took a lot out of you.”
“It’s fine,” Joan dismissed. “I was getting cabin fever anyway.” The boat bobbed with the
waves, causing the knot in her gut to tighten further. Her grip on the boat tightened as she
stared hard over the surface of the sea. The sooner she was back on solid land, the better.
“A landlubber, eh?” Drake commented from the prow with a teasing grin. “There’s always
someone in a group who gets seasick. Wouldn’t have thought it from ya though, after that
show you gave in the storm.”
“I don’t get seasick,” the Lancer snapped. “I’ve just had nothing but bad memories with the
sea by now – and that storm counts as one, by the way, so thanks for that.”
“Er, well, we’ll be ashore soon, so maybe we can take our time then?” Mash quickly
interjected, her eyes darting between the two nervously.
“We don’t have a lot of time to kill, Mash,” Ritsuka reminded her, then letting out a heavy
sigh. “Still, you have a point. It’ll be nice to be back on land, even for just a bit again. If it
wasn’t so dangerous, I’d start looking for a nice spot to get a tan.”
“And you wanted to learn from me,” Drake scoffed, though her scorn contrasted sharply with
her bright grin. “Well, not like I blame ya – the seas can knock even the bravest down a peg
or three, if it doesn’t just sweep ya away outright.”
“But not you?” the Master guessed.
The captain guffawed. “Fell in love at first sight!” she declared. “Aye, the sea is a harsh
mistress, but what fun is there in one that don’t bring you some trouble, eh?”
“I wouldn’t know, I never even dated anyone,” Ritsuka replied with a small laugh. Her living
situation didn’t allow for her to focus on romance like many of her peers, after all. “I’m
guessing what it brings makes the trouble all worth it?”
“Aye!” Drake declared. “And then some! The trouble’s part of the charm, after all!”
Before long, they reached the surf and collided with the beach. As they hopped off, Ritsuka
stretched while Joan and Martha pulled the boat further up the shore. The sand sank
underneath her shoes, soft and grainy – far different from the slippery hardness of the Hind’s
deck. She never thought she would miss the feeling of sand, of ground, underneath her, but
after spending so much time on the ship, she gained a deeper appreciation for being on land.

“So, where are we headed?” Drake called over, her eyes already gazing into the forest
beyond.
The redhead lifted up the glowing uncut gem, her eyes tracing the beam of light. As expected,
it pointed directly into the forest. “That way,” she replied, pointing in the direction.
“That way it is,” the captain accepted with a broad grin. “Hop to, ladies!”
RItsuka held back a chuckle as she followed the captain. “Was she like this on the first
expedition?” she asked, glancing over to Mash and Joan in curiosity.
Mash giggled. “She was rather enthusiastic about finding treasure,” she replied. “It was a
rather infectious energy, I must admit. It made the trip more exciting than I expected.”
The Lancer huffed. “More like she almost led us to our deaths,” she grumbled, rubbing the
back of her neck as she kept watch through the trees. “We practically dove into a wyvern nest
and had to fight our way back out first before even making it back to the boat. A repeat of
that and I might lose it.”
“If you’re game for it, then I’m down for a scrap when we’re done,” the captain called out
behind her, causing Joan to scowl in response.
The redhead laughed again, hopping over a tree root as she walked. Despite the lightness of
her conversation, she kept a wary eye on her surroundings. So far, the island seemed
uninhabited. The occasional insect buzzed past her as the calls of distant birds rang through
the air, accompanied every so often by a skitter in the undergrowth. There were no claw
marks or scorched trees and earth, nor the breathing or roars of any larger predators.
She reached for her earring again. ‘Picking up anything, Medea?’ she inquired.
‘Nothing so far, Master,’ the witch responded. ‘Though the air is dense with mystery, I have
not detected any magecraft, benign or hostile, nor are there any beasts in the vicinity you
need to be wary of. Has the tracking gone astray?’
‘Straight as an arrow,’ Ritsuka answered, glancing back down at the uncut gem just in case.
The beam simply kept pointing at the direction uninterrupted. ‘Any chance the magecraft or
bounded fields would’ve dispelled from some unforeseen circumstance?’
A wave of mild irritation emanated from Medea. ‘Slim,’ she replied bluntly. ‘They were
crafted with a great deal of intricacy and backed by Poseidon’s power. They are not so easily
tampered with, not something this thorough. It is best to be vigilant.’
Ritsuka sighed. ‘A girl can hope,’ she casually remarked with a shrug, causing the Caster’s
annoyance to increase. ‘Keep us posted.’
“So far, there’s nothing around,” she explained as the others glanced over at her. “Seems to
be a straight shot for the artifact. If the last expedition is anything to go by though, we don’t
have to worry about much until we actually grab the thing.”

Drake nodded. “Aye, no one wants their treasures stolen,” she agreed before she grinned. “So
we better run like hell once we got it.”
Mash frowned slightly. “Do you think perhaps we’re doing the right thing?” she mused,
garnering the others’ attention. “Whoever set this up seems to have gone out of their way to
protect it, especially with such an intricate method. Perhaps there’s a very good reason for it.”
“Probably,” Ritsuka admitted. “But we don’t have any better ideas. So far, neither Medea or
Chaldea are reading any signs of a Grail except Drake’s, so it’s either this or we comb the
seas, which in this case would be like looking for a stalk of hay in a mountain of needles.”
The captain guffawed. “True words!” she cried. “And while I’m a woman of the sea, even I
don’t dare sail endlessly, not unless I’ve a death wish!” Taking a quick look at the direction
the gem was pointing, she hopped up a nearby tree and with surprising skill and dexterity, she
swiftly climbed its branches until she was over the canopy. Lifting her hand, she shaded her
eyes as she scanned the horizon. “Looks like your compass is ringing true, Red,” she
announced. “I’m seeing a structure cut into the mountain dead ahead! All that stands between
us is a gorge!”
“Well, not the worst thing we could come across,” the Master admitted with a shrug. “At least
we’re on the right path. Let’s keep moving, then. Martha? How’s Tarrasque feeling?”
The Rider blinked in surprise at being suddenly addressed, then mentally contacted her
companion as they began their trek again. “He’s ready anytime,” she replied with a smile.
“Once we have the artifact, he’ll carry us back to the ship as fast as possible. There aren’t
many things as fast as him, either on land or sea.”
The redhead grinned happily. “That’s all I needed to hear,” she accepted happily. The ride
back on Tarrasque was most likely going to be rough, if his spiked hardened carapace was
anything to go by, but it would be a resilient one at least.
Soil and dirt gradually became gravel, then solid rock as they approached the gorge. Rapids
raged far below, the roar of its churning waters echoing against the sheer cliff faces that lined
either side. It was surprisingly wide, with no easy way to cross. “Well, this is pretty classic,”
Ritsuka whistled as she glanced down the gorge. “Huge gorge, rapids, and plenty of sharp
rocks. Bet you guys anything it even leads to a waterfall further down.”
“It may simply flow out to the sea,” Mash helpfully supplied. “But a waterfall is just as
likely, yes. The river here most likely created this gorge here from millions of years of
erosion. I believe if we observe closely, we can even observe the layers of strata here and
determine the age of-“
“Hrm, no way across that I can see,” Drake noted, paying no attention to the girl’s
commentary as she shaded her eyes and looked either direction. “And by the time this gets
shallow enough to ford, the sun will long have set since.”
Martha frowned in thought as she mentally estimated the width of the gorge. “I believe we
should be able to jump across,” she concluded. “It’s a bit far, but a running start would easily
solve that. Captain, are you able to cross it or will you need us to carry you?”

The captain let out a bark of amused laughter. “Ha! And I thought Joker was the charmer!”
she remarked with a mischievous grin, causing the saintess to immediately flush and splutter.
“Nay, no need for that. I can jump across myself. Help Red out and we’ll get a move on.”
Ritsuka nodded. Well, good to know the Servants could easily clear this gorge. Still, just
leaping across would be stupid. “In that case,” she spoke up. “Joan, mind heading across first
and making sure the coast is clear? Last thing we need is to land in some beast’s waiting jaws
like a free meal.”
The Lancer nodded without a word. She took a couple steps back and braced herself. With a
deep breath, she launched herself forward at supernatural speeds, her armored legs kicking up
dirt and gravel. Once she reached the edge, she vaulted clear over the gorge. In her dark
clothing, she resembled a storm cloud soaring in the sky, her armor glinting in the sun like
flashes of lightning roiling within. It was a sight that held the Master’s gaze as she arced
gracefully through the air before vanishing into the treeline on the other side.
For a moment, there was no sound but the distant roar of the rapids below. The group scanned
the other side, watching for any motion or signs of life, whether friendly or hostile. All was
relatively quiet – a bit too quiet for Ritsuka’s liking. She was about to reach for her
binoculars to see if she could get a better view when she suddenly received a mental contact
from Joan.
‘You’re clear,’ she announced. ‘Nothing but forest and some native wildlife as far as I can
tell.’
The Master breathed a small sigh of relief and nodded. ‘Thanks, Joan,’ she replied before
cutting off contact and turning to the others with a smile. “We’re good to cross. Martha, mind
being rearguard just in case? I’m probably being paranoid at this rate but better safe than
sorry.”
The Rider smiled and shook her head. “Better to have taken precautions and waste only a bit
of time than not and risk losing much more,” she reassured her. “I’ll see you on the other side
shortly, Master.”
Ritsuka grinned in gratitude, then turned to Mash. “Mind giving me a lift?” she asked, then a
wry grin twisted her lips. “After all, it’s not often I get carried by the strong arms of the
Mashumallow. Oh, I’m practically swooning at the thought~”
“S-senpai!” Mash spluttered in embarrassment.
Drake guffawed. “I take it back – Joker’s rubbing off on all of ya!” she cried. “But come on,
day’s a-wastin’. Hop to!” After taking a few steps back, she dashed for the gorge without
hesitation before leaping across to the other side, her orange coat fluttering in the wind. They
watched as she shrank into an orange dot in the distance before vanishing into the treeline as
well.
The Master shook her head as Mash stepped close. “You guys are really incredible, you
know?” she remarked as she hopped up, allowing herself to be carried while she wrapped her

arms around the Shielder’s neck. “I don’t think I’d ever have the ability – or hell, the sheer
nerve – to ever do such a thing.”
Mash gave an abashed smile. “It takes a bit to get used to,” she admitted. “Now, please hold
on tight, Ritsu-senpai!”
Ritsuka nodded as she clung on. Being carried like this was an incredibly odd experience –
on one hand, it felt incredibly embarrassing, as though she were a helpless baby. But on the
other hand, she felt so incredibly safe in Mash’s arms. The same arms that had bashed that
Chimera in the hunt, fended off countless fake Roman soldiers, and fought against so many
Servants. And more importantly, she was staring up at Mash, seeing up close her focus and
determination as she stared at the gorge on the other side – and probably beyond that.
She could barely stop herself from giddily grinning. Just when had Mash become so grown
up?
A second later, Mash took off, her footsteps sending light jolts through the redhead’s body.
Then the sudden weightlessness as they flew through the air. She could hear the faint roar of
the rapids far below her passing while the wind whistled past, whipping her hair in a frenzy.
Though she didn’t dare twist her body to look, she could practically envision the ground
beneath her speeding right by at incredible speeds, feeling so grand in comparison.
For a moment, she wondered if this was what it felt like to fly – and not like in an airplane,
but naturally like with birds or certain Servants. It felt more freeing and liberating than
anything she had felt before. She wondered, did Ren feel this same elation when he flew the
other day? Taking to the skies, skimming the sea, going wherever he wished. Having that
ability sounded like the greatest fantasy – even if it was pretty simple.
Whereas she…
Her thoughts were interrupted as Mash landed cleanly on the other side of the gorge, the
impact of the landing sending a jolt through her body despite the Shielder’s best attempt at
cushioning it. “We’re here, senpai!” she announced cheerfully.
Just like that, the euphoria she felt was over. “Thanks Mash,” Ritsuka responded with a grin
as she hopped off and took stock of their surroundings. Joan was nearby, keeping a careful
eye on their surroundings while Drake had climbed up another tree to survey the area. Aside
from them, there wasn’t anything she could see, friendly or hostile.
Glancing back at the gorge, she gave a low whistle. Even now she found it hard to believe
they had cleared that distance in a single bound. ‘We’re here. Just waiting on you now,
Martha,’ she mentally called out. She sensed the saint’s acknowledgement and a moment
later, the Rider appeared in a shower of golden light. “Nothing chasing or eyeing us from
behind, I take it?” she asked.
Martha shook her head. “None,” she confirmed. “And Tarrasque hasn’t smelled or sensed
anything either.”

The sound of boots hitting the dirt announced Drake’s landing from the tree. “Nothing I can
see either,” she added. “No wyverns or anything unnatural. It’s just a straight shot to the
shrine from here.” Yet despite the seemingly good news, the captain had a bemused
expression – one that Ritsuka shared.
“Anybody besides me getting the feeling this is too easy?” she asked, glancing around her.
“Medea?”
‘I share your concern,’ the Caster replied through the earring. ‘However, I’m currently not
detecting any mysteries nor seeing any signs of traps. Whatever defenses this island may
have, it is being concealed well.’ Ritsuka breathed a small, annoyed breath. Of course that
would be the case – but they also had no choice in the matter.
“Right, eyes and ears peeled,” the captain barked out, her hand close to her pistols. “Last
thing we need is to wander into an ambush. Treasure’s just ahead, so hop to, ladies!” Turning
on her heel, she began marching her way through the forest and the group closely followed
behind.
Ritsuka glanced through the trees, imagining the Chimera again between the trunks eyeing
them up. If fortune shone upon them, they’d collect the artifact and quickly be back on the
ship before everything went to hell in a handbasket. At least, that would be the ideal scenario.
So far, this entire trip had been anything but ideal.
She breathed a small sigh and allowed herself to look up at the clear blue sky. One could
hope.
----------The trees began thinning out, the softer natural soil yielding to harder, more compacted dirt.
Soon, they stepped out of the forest and beheld the shrine before them – or rather, an entire
complex. Dirt roads flanked by statues overgrown with moss and ivy stretched before them,
leading them into derelict ruins and structures. Whatever their purpose had been lost to the
mists of time, the once elaborate carvings and paintings long since worn away. The only
building that seemed to be in relatively decent condition was the shrine, still standing on a
stone platform in the very back.
Ritsuka blinked in surprise. According to Ren and Morgana, the shrine they had reached was
much smaller, enough to fit into an admittedly rather large cave. The ruins before them
seemed to resemble more of a village than a simple place of worship. “Huh, the shrine’s
bigger than I thought,” she mused, looking around her with both trepidation and wonder.
“Indeed,” Mash gasped. “I had expected a small structure like what Ren-senpai and Morganasenpai had described. Nothing to this degree.”
Reaching up, Ritsuka tapped her earring again. ‘Are these kinds of places common in your
day, Medea?’
‘For more isolated sites of worships, yes,’ the witch confirmed as the group slowly stepped
forward, both keeping an eye on and marveling their surroundings. ‘Such places were

isolated from civilization for the most part to better commune with the gods. Though there
were exceptions like Delphi, most of these sites only saw the occasional pilgrim or merchant
as visitors, or supply deliveries.’
The Master nodded quietly, taking it all in. Even she had heard of Delphi from the occasional
reading of Greek mythology: The infamous soothsayer of Apollo, guarded by a great serpent,
whom kings and lords often consulted for advice and would receive cryptic prophecies in
return. A place like that definitely would have a lot of visitors of all kinds. Here, she couldn’t
imagine anyone but the most dedicated pilgrims bothering to visit, though that had its own
charm.
‘These places also served as workshops for magi,’ the Caster continued, causing Ritsuka to
stiffen almost immediately. ‘Sometimes it was in dedication to the god. Other times, the
temples and shrines were mere fronts for their own work – though it was uncommon. The
gods do not take such mockery lightly.’
‘Good to know,’ the redhead replied with a nervous chuckle. ‘Say, I don’t suppose you see any
traps or-‘
‘I would have warned you already if I saw something amiss, Master,’ Medea immediately
replied, a note of annoyance carrying in her voice. ‘I can see the site’s mysteries weaving
throughout the buildings and roads underneath, but nothing that requires my immediate
attention. Nevertheless, stay vigilant.’
Ritsuka nodded before glancing up at the others. “Some mysteries are still lingering around
here, but nothing worth being concerned about according to Medea,” she relayed. “Just stay
vigilant – so try not to touch anything you’re not supposed to.”
Martha and Joan quickly took their place on either side of the Master, watching her flanks,
while Mash as always remained close. Drake took the lead, her casual stride and relaxed body
belied by her hand staying close to her pistol. As with the forest and the rapids, there was no
sign of any fauna, friendly or hostile. Only the sounds of birdsong, bright yet distant, echoed
through the still morning air.
“Think we’ll get a bigger haul this time?” Ritsuka asked, her quiet voice booming in the
silence of the ruins.
Drake shook her head. “Look at this place,” she replied, nodding toward the ruins. “Moss and
vines are already growing on the rocks, and the grass around here is long. Whatever wrecked
everything here, it happened long ago. Plus, not sure if you’ve noticed but do you see any
bodies around?”
Joan blinked before narrowing her eyes and scanning the nearby rubble. “… Nothing,” she
muttered in realization. “It’s not like that other shrine. I’m not seeing any bodies or skeletons
here.”
“Aye,” the captain confirmed as she nodded to another building nearby. “It looks like they all
came down pretty naturally too – I’m not seeing your usual signs of raids or thievery.
Chances are, whoever was here left, for one reason or another. And if that’s the case, they

either took everything with them or some opportunistic bastard came after and swiped
whatever was left. There’s barely any leftovers for a gull to pick, let alone mountains of
treasure.”
Mash followed her gaze with a curious eye. “Then why would they not take the artifact as
well?” she wondered. “You said yourself it was rather valuable, right, captain?”
“That I did,” Drake answered. “But if someone’s left something that valuable behind and no
one’s grabbed it, there’s usually only one reason: It’s hidden, protected, and they want it to
stay there.”
Martha breathed out as her hand tightened on her staff, glancing suspiciously at the broken
statues towering over them. “Yet despite that, we’ve encountered no opposition,” she
murmured. “I can’t help but feel uneasy.”
“Most likely a trap, like with the first figure,” Ritsuka mused. “But that doesn’t rule out
anything beforehand. Don’t let your guard down, everyone.”
They marched on in silence, their shuffling footsteps the only sound around them as even the
birdsong faded into the distance. A breeze swept by, whistling through the ears as it wormed
its way through the rubble and broken stone. The calls of birdsong became even fainter as
they stepped further away from the forest and deeper into the compound. They braced
themselves for any threats or ambushes, but none came.
Eventually, the captain scowled. “I don’t like this.” she bluntly stated. “This place has long
been scuttled and pillaged, so where are the animals? There’s a bunch of places where they
could’ve made their dens here – hell, there should’ve been bird nests everywhere with how
high some of these things are. Yet all I’m seeing are moss and vines.”
Ritsuka tapped her leg anxiously. She had noticed that too, but Medea would’ve warned them
already if there was something untoward or unexpected. “Maybe a fauna repelling bounded
field?” she quietly suggested. “Wouldn’t put it past a priest to put one up so they can keep
pests out.”
“Temples do have mysteries like that to keep them clean,” Martha agreed, nevertheless
eyeing their barren surroundings still. “They were very common in my time. Though it’s
certainly impressive how they lasted so long… and surprising.”
“Shame it certainly didn’t do anything to prevent the overgrowth either,” the redhead added
sardonically, glancing at a nearby weatherworn mossy statue. She had to wonder how
thorough such a bounded field normally was and how easily they could weaken with time or
other circumstances. Still, if they hadn’t been warned by a magus from the Age of the Gods
about it, then it was probably fine. Probably.
Drake hummed in thought. “I take it our Caster cast something similar on the Hind,” she
muttered. “That’d explain why I haven’t seen any lice or rats on board, the damned
stowaways. Tell her I owe her a drink or three for getting rid of the pests!”
‘I respectfully decline,’ Medea responded acidly, causing Ritsuka to chuckle in amusement.

Despite all their caution, they finally made it to the central temple without any incident.
Stopping at its foot, they glanced up the stairs. Finally, Ritsuka tapped the earring again. ‘Still
nothing?’
‘No,’ the witch answered bluntly. ‘Magical energy from leylines are converging at this spot,
but I currently do not see anything in terms of defenses or traps. As we had surmised, it is
likely that only after taking the artifact will they trigger.’
‘And you can’t just defuse them?’ the girl guessed as they began ascending the stairs.
‘It is the same case as the temple when I went with Master Morgana,’ she replied.
‘Unraveling mysteries takes time – time that we do not have. And any attempt to brute force it
can very well result in an undesirable backlash. No, I will mitigate what I can here but to
attempt it would be foolish.’
Ritsuka sighed. ‘Yeah, didn’t think so,’ she grumbled. ‘Keep us posted.’
Taking her hand off the earring, she glanced over at Martha. “Mind checking out the top of
the staircase just in case?” she asked, nodding over at the indicated location. “Last thing we
need is something like a boulder rolling down on top of us.”
The Rider chuckled. “I believe we can handle a boulder just fine,” she joked. “But of course.
I’ll scout ahead.” Bracing her legs, she began jumping up the flight of stairs. Though it
wasn’t incredibly long, her figure nevertheless receded into the distance until she was little
more than a large red dot, then vanished over the top. Meanwhile, the others kept marching
upward at a slow but steady pace.
It wasn’t long before the redhead was panting for air, her body ablaze even with the
ventilation of her uniform. Her calves ached from exertion, steadily increasing with each and
every step she took. Placing her hands on her knees, she pushed her legs as she climbed
trying to force herself forward. She could feel the sweat bead and slowly drip down the back
of her neck and her forehead, but she didn’t dare allow herself to slow down. Ren had been
through worse just the other day – this was nothing.
Sparing a glance around her, it was soon clear she was the only one struggling. Neither Mash,
Joan, nor even Drake seemed the slightest bit exhausted despite how long they had climbed.
That was to be expected – they either had Servant physiologies in Mash’s and Joan’s cases or
had boosted their capabilities like with the captain. She was the only regular person here. All
she was doing was slowing them down. She’d laugh at her own weakness if she still had the
breath for it.
“Oi, Red!”
Drake’s voice seemed to echo from far away. Blearily looking up, she blinked as the watched
the captain march down with a scowl. “The hell do you think you’re doing?” she snapped.
The girl blinked several times, nonplussed. “Er, walking up the stairs,” she replied through
gasps of breath. “Sorry if I’m so slow – I probably need to hit the gym more, huh?”

The captain’s scowl deepened. She laid a heavy hand on the redhead and, before anyone
could say anything, shoved her down so she was sitting on the stairs. “I’ve seen a lotta idiots
in my time,” she said. “Including ones who don’t know their own damn limits. Sit down and
catch your breath. You’re no good to us if you faint from exhaustion.”
Ritsuka sighed in frustration as Mash looked over in alarm. “I’m sorry, senpai,” she quickly
apologized. “I should have noticed you were tired much earlier. It was just fascinating
climbing this shrine and trying to puzzle out the architecture. Do you need me to carry you to
the top?”
The redhead’s mouth hung open in shock for a moment before rapidly shaking her head. “No,
no, it’s fine,” she rapidly declined. As much as she loved the Shielder, she couldn’t allow
herself to be that spoiled by her. “I just… need to catch my breath for a moment. Say, you got
a bottle of water you can pass me?”
Mash blinked a few times, then nodded and reached into the dimensional pocket behind her
shield. Drawing out a bottle of water, she handed it over to the redhead who swiftly
unscrewed it and drained half the bottle in one long draft. “Whew,” Ritsuka breathed.
“Thanks Mash, you’re a lifesaver.”
“Of course, senpai,” the Shielder replied with a smile, sitting down beside her.
For a moment, they simply stayed on the steps as Ritsuka caught her breath. Her legs ached
from the strain she had placed on them, but nothing too debilitating. From where they stayed,
they had a good view of the compound: the ruins of the road and buildings stretched out in
front of them, overgrowing with flora as nature endeavored to reclaim the land from
civilization, before vanishing into the forests beyond. The sun was reaching its zenith as noon
approached, the shadows standing in stark contrast in comparison. A gentle wind wafted
through, cool against her warm skin.
“Man, helluva vacation,” Ritsuka murmured.
“Pardon?” Mash inquired, looking over curiously.
“Oh, uh, it’s summer vacation for me right now,” the redhead quickly explained. “I took the
Chaldea job to at least have some savings for college when I get back. Never expected… all
this.” She swept her hand at their surroundings in emphasis. “Traveling to Antarctica to a
secret base was one thing, but this… well, maybe in my absolute wildest fantasies. Complete
with meeting my idol too!”
She couldn’t help but chuckle as she leaned back, looking up into the sky with a bright grin.
“If it’s a dream, I can’t tell if I wanna wake up or not,” she finished.
“Aye, every adventure feels like that,” Drake agreed, catching both girls’ attention as she
surveyed the area with a telescope. “When you’re so far from home that everything’s
different, and you wonder if it’s all real or not. Sights and fancies beyond anything you
dreamed, riches of all kinds and beyond measure, dangers both real and imagined. Gets my
heart beating, it does.”

Mash tilted her head slightly. “Do you get homesick?” she asked, looking between the two.
“Ren-senpai and Morgana-senpai have mentioned a few times they have.”
The captain guffawed. “Home is wherever my head rests!” she answered with a broad grin.
“Whether it’s on the Hind, a camp, or some inn at a port we’ve holed up at! The world’s a
huge place, after all – staying in one place like what everyone else does just doesn’t cut it for
me.”
Ritsuka gave a quite chuckle. Unlike her usual laughs, this one sounded much sadder, almost
bitter. “Wish I could be as comfortable as you are with that,” she muttered. “Birds always
have to fly the roost sooner or later, after all – even when they’re not prepared. Especially
when they aren’t.”
Before Mash could ask what she meant, the redhead stood up and stretched. ‘Martha,
anything up there we need to be careful of?’ she inquired. ‘No boulders or anything just
waiting to roll down at us?’
‘Nothing as far as I can see,’ the saintess answered. ‘The artifact is on a dais here, but I
haven’t approached it in case I might trigger a trap. For now, the landing is clear.’
‘Awesome. Thanks, Martha.’ Cutting off the communication to the others, she nodded.
“We’re all clear up top, and the artifact’s in full view,” Ritsuka announced. “So it’s just a
straight shot and then snagging the artifact, then get the heck out of here as all the traps are
sprung.”
“Knowing our luck, everything’s probably gonna go to hell when that happens,” Joan
grumbled, scowling at the top of the stairs.
“If it wasn’t worth protecting, they wouldn’t be guarding it so fiercely,” the captain retorted
with a laugh. “Now come on, you lily-livered bunch! We’ve a treasure to claim before the
day’s out!”
“Aye aye, captain!” Ritsuka cried out in response as Joan turned several shades of red.
Eventually, the Lancer just let out an exasperated, deeply frustrated sigh and stomped up with
the others.
They resumed their march up the stairs, the redhead now stepping with renewed enthusiasm
and vigor. Mash stayed close behind, watching her carefully for her exhaustion… and out of
concern. Outwardly she seemed fine, but something bothered her. Perhaps it was the
influence of Ren-senpai, but her instinct whispered in her ear – the profound melancholy that
plagued Ritsuka ever since they came back from the Roman singularity and never seemed to
lift.
She quietly bit her lip in anxious thought. What could she do? Ren-senpai wasn’t here, nor
was Morgana. It would be untimely to ask Joan, Martha, or the captain for assistance. There
had to be an answer, but nothing in her learnings to experience prepared her for this. Was this
the extent of her abilities? There was so much she needed to learn, so much she needed to do.
But how, where, and when?

Her sword never felt heavier before.
As they approached the top, the shrine stretched before them. The outer perimeter was ringed
with stone pillars, overgrown with moss and vines like the ruins below, giving clear view of
the arboreal expanse beyond. The tiles that lined the floor were worn and cracked from
weathering, providing less than steady footholds for anyone walking. Golden rays of sunlight
streamed down from broken holes in the roof, providing further illumination.
In the center of it all was a great statue. It was in slightly better condition than its peers, but
only just – it was cracked and chipped in many places, missing its head and an arm. The only
clue of who the statue might have been was the trident in its singular hand and even then,
only the tri-pronged head remained. At the foot of the statue was a dais, where the artifact sat
innocuously, its gems glimmering under the sunlight.
Martha smiled at them as they approached. “All clear here,” she reported. “No changes or
anything amiss that I could see. Although… maybe you should take a moment, Master?”
Ritsuka panted to regain her breath as she wiped the sweat dripping from her forehead. “It’s
fine, it’s fine,” she breathed, nodding in thanks to Mash as she handed her a bottle of water.
“Couldn’t t-take too long, after all.”
Once again, she took a long draft of the water, relishing the cool liquid splashing down her
parched mouth and throat. Lowering the bottle, she tapped her earring. ‘Medea? How are we
looking?’ she asked.
‘As we surmised, this shrine is filled with mysteries and bounded fields,’ the witch replied
pensively. ‘All of them ringing out from the dais with the artifact. They aren’t anything I’m
familiar with, but they are all interconnected in such a way that triggering one will trigger
them all.’
‘Sounds about right,’ the redhead acknowledged. ‘What can we expect? Can you find out?’
There was a moment of silence as Medea analyzed the magecraft. ‘Hm, there are various
alarm bounded fields like the ones that had been tripped prior,’ she mused. ‘As well as luring
mysteries that actualize once set off. Most likely you will be swarmed by creatures once it’s
triggered. However, there are further systems interwoven deeper within that would require
deeper analysis to gauge their function.’
‘But we don’t have time for that,’ Ritsuka completed for her. ‘Well, we’ve prepared at least
for one eventuality. Thanks, Medea.’
Withdrawing contact, she turned to everyone else. “Right, it’s about what we expect,” she
reported. “As soon as we take that thing, it’s going to send off an alarm and draw all sorts of
monsters to our location. There might be other traps it’ll set off too, but Medea can’t puzzle
them out or dispel them – at least, not without taking a lot of time. Martha, mind calling
Tarrasque out?”
Martha nodded and focused. Magical energy began emanating from her, pure and divine.
‘Child of Leviathan, now a guardian of the people,’ she intoned as a dark cloud of magical

energy coalesced behind her. ‘Go like the stars, Tarrasque!’ Within the cloud, a pair of
monstrous red eyes gleamed, and Tarrasque came forth in all its glory.
Ritsuka gulped and unconsciously took a step back. Though she heard about it from past
mission reports, she never had the chance of fully seeing the Tarrasque in its entirety. It was a
terrifying sight – a humongous beast with a turtle-like shell and the great head of a black lion.
Two massive horns jutted out from the crown of the lion’s head, dark as the night. Its long
serpentine tail slithered out from behind as its claws dug into the floor, each razor-sharp claw
piercing the tiles underneath with almost contemptuous ease.
“He’s, uh… certainly something,” Ritsuka squeaked with a nervous laugh.
The saint chuckled lightly. “Don’t worry, he knows better than to hurt innocent people
nowadays,” she reassured her Master, placing a hand on the side of the dragon’s head. Was it
just her or did Tarrasque shudder at the touch in fear? “I’ll warn you, it’ll be a pretty bumpy
ride. You’re going to have to hang on tight.” The redhead nodded. They had discussed the
possibility of a saddle or at least some straps to wrap around him for security, but the rocklike shell on his back made the idea untenable. There was nothing for it but to keep a tight
grip.
Drake, meanwhile, grinned. “Ho, there – you’re the one who got that serpent off my ship in
the storm!” she exclaimed, not the least bit intimidated by the legendary creature. “You got
my thanks for that. I’ll be countin’ on ya to get us out of here! After that, I’ll get ya drink
too!”
Tarrasque’s eyes gleamed eagerly but Martha cleared her throat loudly. “Unfortunately, he
does not partake in drink,” she stated, shooting a withering glare at the dragon. “The last time
he was drunk, his rampage had been rather disastrous. He graciously accepts your thanks
nevertheless.”
The captain raised an eyebrow as she glanced over at the turtle-like monster, then shrugged.
“Well, if you say so,” she accepted with a shrug. Ritsuka had to bite her lip to stop herself
from laughing as the creature slouched in disappointment. He looked like a kid who was just
told by his mom not to accept a piece of candy or a toy. Suddenly, the legendary dragon was a
lot less intimidating.
“Welp, no time like the present,” Drake declared. Without further fanfare, she marched up to
the dais and swiped the artifact. There was a low rumbling sound that echoed through the
chamber, then a piercing roar emanated from the trident head of the statue, forcing Ritsuka to
cover her ears. “And now we get the hell outta here!” she roared. “Move it, you lot!”
Before any of them could make a move, however, the air around the captain began glowing
as a magic circle appeared underneath her feet. “Oi, what’s-“ she started to say, then the circle
began sparking and crackling as though it’s malfunctioning. Everyone had to shield their eyes
as it began glowing brighter, then the circle dispersed… and reappeared right below Ritsuka.
“Oh shi-!“

“Senpai!” Mash screamed, dashing toward her. The Master looked up with panicked eyes and
lunged for her companion. Their hands just managed to meet before the circle flashed
brightly, blinding everyone within the temple. When it disappeared, neither girl was
anywhere to be found.
“Damnit, what the hell?!” Joan cursed, looking around wildly for them.
“We ain’t got time to worry ‘bout them now!” Drake roared as she pulled her pistols out of
her belt and the familiar sound of angry shrieking filled the air. “Wyverns incoming!” Martha
anxiously scowled. As she summoned her staff, she reached out with her mind to contact Ren
and Morgana.
‘Masters, we have trouble!’
---------“…! npai…..!”
“Nngh, five more minutes…”
“Senpai, please, this is no time to be asleep! Wake up!”
“Nn, wha, huh?”
Ritsuka’s eyes fluttered open, then squinted at the beam of light shining directly into her
eyes, forcing her to turn away. “Agh, okay, I’m awake,” she groaned before slowly sitting up.
She couldn’t see anything around her – it was all dark. Her head felt like someone had used it
as a practice dummy for rock throwing and her limbs felt stiff and sore. Probably from lying
on the rocky ground of… wherever they were. “Wh-where are we, Mash?”
The Shielder sighed in relief. “I don’t know, senpai,” she quietly answered as Ritsuka rolled
her shoulders. “After the trap was triggered, we were transported… here. All I know is that
we’re underground. I haven’t been able to get into contact with either Ren-senpai or
Morgana-senpai either. I’m not sure if it’s because we’re too far or because there’s a bounded
field stopping our communications.”
The redhead blinked and looked around. As her eyes slowly adjusted to the darkness, she
could take in details of their surroundings: They were indeed in some sort of cave system.
There was nothing but solid rock as far as she could see on all sides. She couldn’t see any
distinguishing marks or anything that indicated where they were or which way was the exit.
At least, none that she was able to tell.
Reaching up, she tapped her earring. ‘Medea, you there?’ she called out. There was no
answer. ‘Do you read me, Medea?’ she asked again. Nothing responded. With a surge of
panic leaping through her heart, she quickly turned on the communicator to try and hail Ren
or Chaldea – and was only met with static. No matter what settings she adjusted or
frequencies, she couldn’t reach anyone.

Mash shook her head. “I’ve already tried every method I can think of, senpai,” she
murmured. Even her whisper felt all too loud in the darkness. “We’ve completely lost
contact.”
A lump in Ritsuka’s throat threatened to choke her, forcing her to swallow it down as she
thought through her options. “Okay,” she breathed. “Alright. Okay. That’s, uh, that’s not
good. Definitely not. Nope. Hm. Can-can you pass me my water, Mash, please?”
The request caught the Shielder off guard. “Oh, o-of course!” she stammered as she quickly
retrieved the bottle and passed it over. The redhead snatched the bottle and immediately
quaffed half the bottle while she watched in concern. “Are you feeling better, senpai?” she
asked once she lowered the bottle.
The Master let out a breath. “No, not in the slightest,” she stated bluntly as she drained the
last of the bottle and passed it back to Mash, who stowed the empty bottle away. The two sat
in a heavy silence for several long moments after that. Ritsuka’s mind was so overwhelmed it
almost felt blank, but she couldn’t allow herself to fall apart yet. She wasn’t sure if her spirit
could take it.
“But….sitting here won’t help us. Mash, you have a spare flashlight?”
Standing up shakily, she took the flashlight the Shielder offered and clicked it on. Shining the
light on the walls, ground, and ceiling, she couldn’t find any indications or markings. “It’d
probably be a bad idea to try and bust our way out to the surface, huh?” she asked with a
strained voice, glancing at the ceiling.
“Most likely so, senpai,” Mash replied worriedly. “We don’t know how far underground we
are and doing something like that might risk a cave-in. It would be incredibly difficult to
protect you if that happened.”
“Right, right. My bad.” Ritsuka apologized with a pained smile. She glanced over at her
command seals, then dismissed them just as quickly. The only Servant she could think of that
might be able to help here was Medea, and she was still needed topside. Unless it was truly
an emergency, it was better to retain them for now.
“What should we do?” Mash asked quietly, peering cautiously in either direction of the
cavern. Shining their flashlights down made no difference - no matter which way they went,
only the seemingly infinite darkness was there to greet them.
The Master took a moment to decide, before lowering her head. “For now, we stay put,” she
declared. “I doubt the others are just sitting back twiddling their thumbs. They’re probably
figuring out where we got teleported to and once they figure that out, they’ll find us here and
get us out. Moving from here means they’ll be less likely to find us, and we’ll get even more
lost.”
The Shielder nodded. “I recall that from my preparatory studies,” she noted. “That part of
being rescued is to make things as easy for your rescuer as possible. There were many
situations and examples covered with different methods according to circumstances.”

“Sounds about right,” Ritsuka agreed, leaning up against the wall. “Not just from the survival
training here, but even edutainment shows back where I came from taught us that. Never
really had to use it til now, of course, but glad I remembered.”
Mash blinked several times. “Survival techniques were taught as entertainment programs?”
she asked.
“Well, depends on what you watch,” the redhead admitted. Her eyes wandered up in
recollection. “There was this one cartoon about a collection of… well, super versions of your
normal emergency workers – firemen, medics, aerial and water rescue crews, things like that.
I used to watch it with some pals when I was a lot younger.”
She chuckled. “Though I gotta say, it was really cheesy,” Ritsuka remarked. “There was this
one episode where they used a motorcycle with spiked wheels to ride along a snow-covered
slope to save this one jackass climber. I thought it was the coolest thing ever back then – for a
while, I even thought all wheels should have spikes on them, for better grip!”
The Shielder softly laughed with her. “It does sound a bit ridiculous,” she admitted, similarly
leaning up against the cave wall beside her. “But it’s good that at least they were honoring
emergency workers and teaching useful lessons. Such information is always good to have
when it’s needed.”
“Like right now,” the redhead replied with a broad grin, causing them both to laugh again.
Despite the pounding fear in her heart and how claustrophobic the cavern was, she found her
mood lightening somewhat. Mash was probably the best company she could ask for right
now: someone to just bounce conversations with while they awaited rescue.
It wasn’t like she couldn’t talk with the others, but the others were… trickier. She was still
wary of how small she was compared to the Servants, Drake was a bit much in large doses,
Morgana could be somewhat irascible, and Ren… well, she bugged him enough for one or
two lifetimes, probably. “I think it stopped airing some time ago, but maybe there’s some
recordings in Chaldea’s-“
“Wait-!” Mash suddenly hissed as she sprung off the cave wall and summoned her shield,
immediately putting Ritsuka on high alert. “Did you hear that, senpai?”
The Master frowned. Instead of answering, she listened intently, forcing her breathing to slow
so her heart wasn’t pounding so frantically. At first, she heard nothing – just the deafening,
almost muffled silence of the caverns all around them. She fervently hoped it stayed that way,
that it was just a rock falling somewhere further down or something. Another moment of
silence passed, and she began to open her mouthThen she heard it. Footsteps, quiet but incredibly heavy. The sound of something hard
scraping against stone. Slithering that filled the dead air of the cavern. The clamor echoed
and reverberated through the corridor, making it impossible to tell from which direction it
came from. However, one thing was certain: It was getting louder and louder.
“Ready to engage, Master,” Mash announced.

“No, don’t!” Ritsuka hissed back. “We can’t fight here!” There was absolutely no room in
these caves for either of them to properly maneuver, nor did they have a plan or method to
retreat if things went wrong. Fighting here would only get both of them killed.
Her mind and vision spun as she considered her options, wrestling through the wave of rising
panic. They could run, but they didn’t know where it was approaching from and it would
announce their presence to the creature anyway. So If they couldn’t fight or flee…
The redhead frantically checked her surroundings, making sure to shine her flashlight directly
at the cave walls or floor, then found what she was looking for: A shallow divot in a corner
where the ground dipped slightly before reaching the wall and arcing upward. There was
nothing for it. “Here, Mash!” she called out to the Shielder as she fished something out of her
uniform.
Mash blinked in confusion, then nodded before approaching the divot. She watched as
Ritsuka pulled what seemed to be a large silvery cloth out from her jacket and laid down
within, then hesitantly joined her when she hurriedly beckoned as her shield vanished into
motes of light.
“Flashlights!” she hissed as she threw the cloth over them both. They both turned out their
lights, immediately plunging them into pure darkness.
The divot was barely wide enough for one person, let alone two. Ritsuka had her arms
wrapped around Mash, clinging to her tightly to keep them as compact as possible. Neither of
them could see anything, not even each other. There wasn’t much more they could do - all
that was left was to pray that the last measure she prepared with Medea worked.
If even one small part of them was sticking out of the cloth or there was an opening…
Slowly, the footsteps and scraping got louder and louder. Even the feeling in the air changed
as the creature approached. She could hear claws scraping and cutting into the stone with the
same ease as one would tread on and break twigs. Something large and heavy was hitting the
sides of the cavern, each time scraping quietly against the rock walls. There was a pounding
in the Master’s ears. Whether it was her heart or the ground quaking, she couldn’t tell.
Then she heard – felt – a claw sink into the ground right beside her head, carving deep into
the solid rock. Biting her lip to prevent herself from squeaking in fright, she forced her
breathing to slow down. There was no need to panic, she told herself. It had no reason to
hang around here for any reason, right? It’ll pass by soon. It had to. After that, they could
figure out their next option. All that was needed now was patience. Any moment now. Any
moment…
But it didn’t move on. A low growling hiss filled the gloom as the claw dug deeper, rock
cracking and crumbling mere inches from her head. The redhead mentally screamed in
desperate frustration. Why didn’t it just move on? As far as they knew, there wasn’t anything
of particular interest here exceptFear and dread renewed their grip on Ritsuka’s heart and stomach. A singular realization,
horrifying and dreadful, slowly dripped into her head. The thought threatened to choke her,

causing bile to rise into the back of her throat. Desperately reaching out to Mash’s mind, she
whispered one terrified thought:
‘It knows we’re here!’
The Shielder didn’t respond, sending another wave of pure terror through her body. Was the
bounded field or whatever it was blocking even someone right next to her? She didn’t even
dare whisper right now. Forcing her eyes open, she sought Mash’s face – yet in the darkness,
she was completely blind. Was she as terrified as she was? Could she feel how her hands
turned into lumps of ice? No, there had to be some way, some method of letting her know
what was going on! Anything!
In the end, all she could do was cling tightly to the Shielder, expressing all her fear and
desperation with the embrace. She could feel Mash hold her closer in turn, a minimal yet
needed comfort right now - a candle in the infinite darkness around them. A heartbeat was
hammering like a drum against her ribs. Whether it was her own or Mash’s she couldn’t tell,
but they would be alright. They had to be.
Shutting her eyes tightly again, she waited. The sound of claws grinding down stone, so very
close by, filled her ears as it kept searching about the area. Her and Mash’s breaths were the
only measure of time she had. One breath. Two breaths. Three breaths. Four breaths. How
many would they take before it left? Before they would be discovered? Only mere moments
had passed by, yet it agonizingly stretched into eternity. Suddenly, with the crunch of gravel,
the air beside her head shifted again as the claw was lifted, followed by a dull thud further
ahead. Disbelief mingled with sheer elation as she felt its presence slowly start to move on.
Then a claw crunched down right beside her head again, almost causing her heart to leap out
of her throat. It was forestalled only by biting her own lip as hard as possible and squeezing
the Shielder with every ounce of her strength.
It lifted again and thudded down away from them as the creature continued to move. In its
wake was a faint sound of swishing, each one accompanied by a soft yet heavy thud against
the stone walls above them, causing silt to rain down. Neither of them dared move as it
rumbled past, the sounds of its presence getting fainter and fainter. Soon, they became
nothing more than an echo that faded into the gloom… then silence pervaded once again.
For a moment, neither of them dared to move. Ritsuka started to slip out, then the distant
sound of a rock falling immediately had her scurrying back, arms tight around Mash once
more. The heat underneath the cover was suffocating, magnifying the terror in her heart. Was
it still there? Was it simply lurking in the shadows, keeping watch in case they revealed
themselves? She had no way of knowing and she didn’t dare find out. When could they
move? When could they“Senpai?”
The Shielder’s whisper almost caused her to jump. Turning toward where her face might be,
she tried to reply only for the words to freeze in her throat. “I think it’s gone for now,” she
said. “I’ll move out first and check our surroundings.”

Ritsuka’s eyes bugged out in fear. A thousand words of pleading and begging for her to stay
almost reached her tongue, only for her to clamp down on her lips. Through her fear, a
modicum of sense managed to shine through. “Al-“ she choked out, then swallowed the lump
in her throat. “Alright,” she whispered back. “But if it’s still there, then we’re running the
other way. We can’t afford to fight.”
“Of course, senpai,” Mash acknowledged. She slowly slipped away from Ritsuka’s reluctant
grasp and slid out quietly from underneath the cover. With a click, she turned the flashlight
turned back on, the light now much dimmer with the Shielder’s adjustment as it aimed
towards the ground. Though the thin, gossamer cover allowed Ritsuka to easily see through
the fabric, all she could see were looming shadows. Even Mash was nothing more than a blob
of darkness.
A low, hissing growl filled the cavern again, causing them both to freeze. The redhead stared
with bloodshot eyes into the darkness only a few feet ahead. There was the sound of falling
rock in the distance, sending a cold chill down her back. When could they move? Was it even
safe at all to move? Or were they“I think it’s left, senpai,” the Shielder whispered again. “What should we do now?”
Ritsuka took a quiet, shaky breath. Right, she needed to make a decision here. No matter how
scared – oh who was she kidding, she was completely and utterly terrified – she was, she
needed to make a decision. “We… we can’t stay here,” she rasped as she slowly got up,
throwing the cover off her. The cool air of the cavern washed over her, relieving her of the
stifling heat as she wiped the cold sweat off her brow. “Whatever that thing was, it knows
we’re here. We need to move.”
Mash frowned, the glow of the flashlight rendering her normally soft features sharp and
haunting. “What if they activate the teleportation bounded field again?” she asked.
“We’ll deal with it when it comes,” the redhead replied with a shake of her head. “It doesn’t
help that we can’t telepathically communicate either. For now, we’re-“ Another low hissing
growl echoed in the darkness beyond, almost forcing a startled scream out of her throat.
Biting her lip to suppress it, the pain was enough to suppress it to a minor squeak. The taste
of blood coated her tongue. “We’re finding a way out,” she finished. “Or at least, away from
that thing.”
The Shielder paused, then nodded. “Alright, senpai,” she whispered.
The Master turned around, willing her muscles to at least relax slightly. “Come here for a
second,” she said. Once Mash approached, she took the cover and draped it over the two of
them. “Had Medea make this just in case,” she explained, shooting a nervous glance down
the cavern. “D-rank Presence Concealment. Hope it’s enough.”
“If it’s D-rank, then so long as it doesn’t know precisely where we are, we should be fine.”
Mash whispered back.
The sound of a rock falling in the distant darkness caused Ritsuka’s heart to jump again. “I
hope so,” she answered.

They moved slowly and quietly. Every sound through the oppressive darkness caused them
both to whip around, yet nothing met their guard. Mash's flashlight glowed dimly, creating
flickering shadows that played on the redhead’s paranoia. Her knuckles turned white as she
gripped the cover harder and harder, yet they pushed on
Before long, the cavern branched out into two different directions, neither of which seemed
any different in the inscrutable darkness. “Which way do we go, senpai?” Mash inquired. The
sound of something scraping against a rock in the distance alarmed them – and yet again,
they found nothing. “I don’t recall any of our scans providing geographical data here.”
Ritsuka gulped, looking between the two. What were the chances one led to the way out
while the other led them deeper into the caverns? If they were really unlucky, it might lead
them straight to the creature… but most likely, they would just end up even more lost in these
caverns. If no one found them, they might end up wandering down here forever until they
starved or thirsted to death, or more likely go completely insane in the dark.
A cold chill flowed through her skin to her bloodless, freezing fingers. She wasn’t sure which
one was worse.
“Okay, okay,” she breathed, controlling her breathing as once again her heart hammered
against her chest. “We just… just need to keep track of where we’ve gone. Yep. Just need
to… to leave a mark. Hm.”
Her mind raced through different options. A cloth flag? No, the creature could notice it and
use that to track them. There were loose rocks at their feet - maybe a small rock formation?
No, they would be too easy to miss and with the size of the creature, it could easily knock
them down. Unthinkingly, her hands began wandering down to her pockets. As they reached
her belt, her hand hit something hard.
Blinking, she glanced down and saw the survival knife hanging in its sheath. Right, that was
standard issue for Chaldean Masters. A mystic code made for camping and general outdoor
survival, it even had a reinforcement enchantment on it to increase its durability and cutting
power. As a weapon, however, it was next to useless against even the weakest creatures in the
singularities they had encountered. Which was considerable as they could even if it could
even cut through stoneRitsuka’s eyes widened. Maybe she could leave a mark with it, but it would be louder than
she’d like. How would she muffle it? It wasn’t like she had a pillow or another decent method
of silencing the knife. There had to be another method, but what would work?
“Senpai?”
The sudden whisper from Mash caused the Master to jump, almost screaming a curse before
biting her lip hard again to suppress it. “Gck-! S-Sorry, Mash,” she choked. “Just figuring out
how to leave a mark here so we don’t walk in circles. Any ideas? Was going to use a knife,
but that’s way too loud.”
The Shielder looked thoughtful as Ritsuka tapped her knife. “I’m… not sure, senpai,” she
admitted. “Some sort of cloth might be able to hide the sound, but I’m not sure I have

anything large enough to work. The towels I brought are hand-sized at most.”
“A cloth, huh…?” the redhead whispered. She glanced up at their cover, then shook her head.
Way too risky – who knows if that thing was right there to spot them the moment they
lowered it? No, they needed to keep it up as long as possible. They could map it out with a
pen and paper, but they barely had enough light to walk, let alone draw.
Idly, she began unsheathing the knife, only for it to catch on the hem of her jacket. At first
she shot an annoyed look at it, then her eyes widened as a flash of inspiration struck. Mash
watched with surprise as Ritsuka almost ripped off the jacket of her Master’s uniform and
unsheathed the knife. “What are you-?” she began asking.
“Something really dumb,” the Master hurriedly whispered back as the blade began glowing
dimly with reinforcement magecraft. “Either I do this or we risk getting really lost. Keep an
eye out.” She quickly wrapped the jacket around her hand and knife, leaving only the tip of
the blade sticking out. Taking a deep breath and placing a hand on the bundle, she stabbed
into the stone, pushing the cloth up against where the knife met the wall. The sound of metal
striking rang out, muffled as it was by the jacket, sending fresh pang of panic surging through
her body.
Again, neither of them dared to move. Ritsuka held her breath as she listened intently.
Another hissing growl reverberated through the oppressive air, causing a cold chill to wash
through her body again ending at her nerveless fingers. A sound like grinding stone echoed
through the caverns. Did it hear them and it was turning around, or was it just a coincidence?
Still, there didn’t seem to be any sign of the creature, sight or sound. For now, at least.
Letting out a quiet breath, the Master pushed down while pressing the cloth up against the
wall still. The reinforced knife cut a furrow easily into the stone like it was cutting through
clay. The sound of metal sliding against rock was quiet and muffled through the jacket, yet in
the silence of the caverns was as loud as a thunderclap. Withdrawing her knife, she checked
her work: A gash in the rock wall. “That should-“ she began.
Then they heard it - distant and slow but unmistakable and sure: The rhythmic crunching of
rock being crushed into gravel. A sound they heard only moments ago in all too close a
measure - and it was steadily getting louder. As the realization sunk in, dread seized Ritsuka’s
heart, almost paralyzing her in place.
‘It’s coming for us!’ she wanted to scream, but she couldn’t. Her breath felt frozen, a solid
mass that was unable to escape her lungs. Her throat worked, yet nothing came through. Her
mind was racing for a plan, an option, anything, yet everything was a blur. She needed to
think – no, she needed to breathe – no, she needed time – no, she needed… what did she
need? What did she need right now?! There was so much she needed what did she need now
how could she get it time was not something she had think think think think think think think
think think THINK THINK THINK THINK
Suddenly, she was jerked down the tunnel. Looking up in surprise, she saw Mash had
grabbed her hand and was desperately running with her. The Shielder flashed the light around
them as they ran, trying desperately to illuminate their path. A hissing growl echoed from

behind them as the steps of the creature behind them started speeding up. It was gaining on
them, and fast. There had to be somewhere they couldThe air suddenly felt cooler and less constraining. Mash rapidly turned her flashlight about,
only for the darkness all around them to consume the dim lighting. The walls were much
further now, and in the gloom there didn’t seem to be a direct way out. Behind them, the steps
rapidly grew closer. There was nowhere to run. They needed to hide, needed to get to cover.
But where? Where?!?
Then, she caught a glimpse of what seemed to be a spot. There was no time to question it.
“Mash, here!” she hissed. Mash didn’t hesitate to run with her to what Ritsuka had seen – a
collection of stalagmites beside what seemed to be a ledge that opened into an abyss beyond.
How deep it was neither of them could see, nor would they risk it. There was only enough
space for one person at most and even then, it would be a tight squeeze.
Before the Master could say anything, Mash quickly glanced behind her fearfully, then
pushed Ritsuka down behind the stalagmites. Once she was done, she clambered on top of
her and pulled the cover over them both, quickly flicking off the flashlight before gripping
one of the stalagmites for stability and wrapping an arm around the redhead with the other.
The Master’s eyes widened in surprise, but she bit off whatever words were on her tongue.
Between the approaching creature and the yawning abyss right under her shoulder, her
presence was the only reason she wasn’t screaming. All she could do now was lay as still as
possible… and wait.
The footsteps became louder and louder as the creature stepped in, then the noise of grinding
rock stopped. It hissed, the sound reverberating around the chamber and sending another
pang of terror through Ritsuka. As it stepped forward, its claws easily piercing through the
rock below, she felt her limbs turn to jelly. Right now, she couldn’t move even if she wanted
to.
Closer and closer the steps came – and a fresh wave of horror washed over her skin as it
stopped right outside the stalagmites. Another growling hiss, all too near, emanated some
distance above them. Then there was the sound of cracking and breaking rock and suddenly,
pieces of the rocky formation fell on top of them. In the darkness, Ritsuka could feel the
Shielder silently move to protect her from the rubble, much to the former’s silent gladness
and relief.
The sound of a heavy, huffing breath a small distance above her caused her to freeze. Her
eyes widened in horror as she felt the warmth of the thing’s breath wash over her through the
cover. It hissed again, the sound even closer now. She could feel Mash stiffen against her as
she came to the same realization.
Its head was right above them – and it was searching.
Panic once more clutched at her. Her mind, instead of desperately searching for solutions or
answers, completely turned blank as her insides churned and twisted. She took shallow, quick
breaths, not daring to risk having the creature hear them – and her vision instead began
swimming, clouds darker than even the cave’s gloom shrouding her vision.

The creature exhaled again, and they felt the warm rank of its breath. Ritsuka clenched her
teeth to stop herself from letting out even the slightest sound until her jaws and teeth ached
from the effort. She could feel her sweat, cold against her neck and forehead in the chill cave
air. There was nothing they could do but wait. And wait. And wait.
She lost track of time. Every second was an eternity, every eternity only a second, as they
stayed there. The creature growled, a sound so deep she could feel vibrations through the
stone. Then slowly, it hissed again – yet it seemed more distant now. Slowly, she heard the
grinding of stone again – and its footsteps plodding past them. It was beginning to leave
again.
The Master didn’t dare breathe just yet. Did they actually luck out?
As the sounds became fainter, the redhead slowly lowered her head to the rocky ground. Her
body began to relax, her muscles sore from the tension. Her mind began calculating plans
again. They likely needed to backtrack but at least they had another path they could go down.
Her gambit with the knife was probably what alerted the creature. They needed to find
another method to leave some sort of marker down or they would simply be wandering in
circles. Or perhaps they could head back to their original location, just in case. No, that was
too risky. It was probably better toThere was a faint whiff in the air, then something smashed through the stalagmites right
above them, shattering them with an explosion as debris rained down on them. Ritsuka let out
a scream of surprise before clapping her hand over her own mouth in horror – far too late. A
sound like a cross of a hiss and a roar echoed through the cavern as it rapidly turned around
toward the source of the noise and thundered toward them.
Mash scrambled up, summoning her shield as she turned the flashlight back on at full power,
shining it directly at the creature. All they could see was a wall of turquoise scales before it
crashed into her, sending the light flying and into the abyss – and vanished into the dark
waters that awaited them below. Ritsuka squeaked as she crouched down beside the ledge,
doing her best to minimize her exposure.
In the darkness, she could only feel the wind of their clashes as the cavern echoed and
reverberated with the sounds of battle. As panic consumed her body, her mind moved a
thousand miles a second to get out of this situation. Running without thinking was nothing
more than a death sentence and staying most likely end up with her getting trampled. She
needed to move, and carefully.
Shakily reaching forward, she began crawling along the ground, dragging the cover with her.
The hissing roars of the creature and Mash’s war cries blended with the sound of crashing
metal and claws, a disorienting cacophony that rang in the Master’s ears. She slowly made
her way toward the Shielder’s cries, using the uncomfortably close ledge as a guide to
minimize her spacing. Mash’s shouts were the only beacon she had that she was heading in
the right direction.
Something incredibly close flew right above her – enough to just barely skim the top of her
head, knocking her painfully against the ground. Her strength deserted her from utter fear.

Had she been any taller, whatever it was would’ve struck her full on and she would be
seriously injured… or dead. And she wouldn’t have even known it was coming.
Ritsuka took a ragged breath, then moved her nerveless limbs forward regardless. Her icecold fingers found whatever purchase they could on the rocky ground. Her arms, near useless
from her panic, dragged her forward. Her heart and lungs, despite feeling being in fear’s cruel
grip, kept forcing her to breathe, each breath in and out a timer for her progress. Her legs,
weak as they were, pushed her forward along the ground like a lizard. She could feel the
loose stone and rubble pressing up painfully against her body as well as the empty space to
her side, both in equal measure reassuring and terrifying.
A claw came down, so close she could feel the breeze of it flying by as it smashed down right
in front of her, then lifted away again. The air in her lungs completely froze as she wrestled
her panic from completely overtaking her. Her mind went blank as fear started shrouding
even her most desperate thoughts. She would die here. She would“Sen-!” Mash began shouting, then another crash echoed as the creature homed in on the
Shielder again, interrupting her.
The shout pierced through Ritsuka’s fear, enough for her to rip her self-control back. Shoving
it all away, she forced herself forward. Inch by desperate, nerve-wracking inch, she crawled.
While there was no guarantee of safety if she stayed, staying still would definitely mean her
death and render Mash’s efforts entirely in vain. The Master wasn’t about to allow that. Until
her luck ran dry, she would keep crawling. It may be the only thing she could do right now,
but she would see it through.
Then she heard the sound of rocks breaking beneath her, almost inaudible over the clamor of
the two clashing but like a death knell in Ritsuka’s ears. She looked up to shout to Mash, but
the words were stuck in her throat – if she called out a warning, the creature would know her
location. Instead, she redoubled the pace of her crawling. She needed to get out of the way
first.
The sounds of the creature started to echo from behind her rather than beside her caused
excitement to start creeping into her heart. Just a bit more. Just a bit more and she would be
relatively safe. Then she could call back Mash and they could retreat to come up with another
plan. Just a bit further andThe ledge under Ritsuka suddenly crumbled away. Her body, now supported by nothing but
thin air, began plummeting, stopped only by her desperately scrabbling and clawing at what
felt like a stalagmite. Panic seized her mind and heart once again as her eyes began
swimming with tears of fear and frustration. This wasn’t how it was supposed to go! Why?!
Why couldn’t anything go right?!?
Her thoughts were jolted as she felt the stalagmite started to come loose. Her eyes widened.
She dredged up what strength she had left and frantically started to pull herself up as hard as
she could. However, it had the opposite effect – the rocky formation instead began leaning
towards her and broke off. A moment later, all she felt was utter weightlessness.

“MASH!” was all the time she had to scream – then she plunged into the frigid cave waters
below. Before she could even begin orienting herself, something tugged at her legs and
before she knew it, it was dragging her away.
Whatever terror the dark held for her above was absolutely nothing compared to now. The
current pulled her deeper into the abyss, tossing her about like a leaf caught in a blender. The
rush of water filled her ears as she swam in vain, consuming what valuable oxygen she had
left. She couldn’t even swim up toward whatever air pocket that might exist; as blind and
disoriented as she was, ‘up’ could be literally any direction right now.
Ritsuka desperately clenched her hands to her nose and mouth, her lungs rapidly reaching
their limit as her thoughts started to fall apart. It flitted from point to scattered point - where
was the monster? Where was Mash? Would she ever be found again?!
In desperation, she lifted her hand almost instinctively – and banged it against a cave wall
before she was pulled away again. The shock of the pain caused her to yelp, releasing air
bubbles into the void of water beyond. In the darkness, her command seals began glowing
dimly – a red light at the end of life’s tunnel. ‘By my command seal,’ she desperately
screamed. ‘Martha, come to-!‘
And in the red glow, she saw a ginormous maw filled with fangs rushing toward her. Her eyes
widened. The Master let out a scream of sheer terror, one completely muffled by the raging
waters. Then it was shoved away by a large, dark… something. Her vision was starting to fail
her as her command seals started glowing even brighter. Was… was that Mash?
Something was shoved between her lips and her teeth instinctively clamped around it. A cool
breeze immediately filled her mouth. Was it air, or was she drowning and finally
hallucinating? She couldn’t tell anymore. The water was feeling oddly comfortable now, like
a cool bed enveloping her. She felt something tugging at her and pulling her away, this time
the current pulling hard against her instead of flowing with it. Her command seals had
stopped glowing.
Her eyes closed. Oblivion took her, and she knew no more.
---------Mash wasn’t sure which of her fights had been the most difficult up til now. The fight against
the corrupted Artoria in their first singularity, her duel with Leonidas back in the Roman
singularity, and facing down the evolved Chimera were the ones she remembered the most
vividly. Each one had been a great test of her knowledge, strength, adaptability, and
experience. They each had with their own circumstances and abilities that pushed her to her
limit. They were all equally challenging and memorable.
However, this battle was quickly proving the most harrowing of all. With her flashlight lost to
the waters below and the clamor of their clashes filling the cavern, she was blind and deaf. It
was a minor comfort the creature was in a similar state, the incoming attacks more flailing
than anything deliberate. However, the power and sharpness of the claws raking her shield
drove home the fact she couldn’t afford any mistakes.

Right now, she needed its attention on her. With a loud war cry, she pushed the claw away
from her and raised her shield in preparation for the next blow. The creature could hear her,
and so would keep attacking her – and away from Ritsuka-senpai. With any luck, it would be
the opening she needed to get away. Once that was done and she received some sort of signal,
they could retreat and figure something else out.
The Shielder shifted her shield to the right – and was rewarded with the bulk of the next claw
slamming into the center of the shield. It reminded her a bit of the Chimera and its forepaws
– it could only use one or the other at any time and alternated between the two. It was an
educated guess that after a blow from her left, the next would come from her right, but it paid
off.
With another roar, she slid under the claw and lifted her shield, feeling it slide off to the left.
Estimating the distance, she swiftly brought a prong down on the claw, metal crashing against
not rock but something softer yet still incredibly resilient. A hissing snarl tore through the air
as it jerked back, the scales catching on the prong and almost yanking her shield out of her
grip. Mash let out a small breath of satisfaction. Good, she wasn’t entirely helpless. She
simply needed to be wary, then they could“MASH!!”
Ritsuka’s terrified scream immediately caught Mash’s attention, her eyes widening in horror.
Through the creature’s roar, she could faintly heard the sound of water splashing. “Sen-!” she
began calling out, only for something to slam into her unexpectedly into her side. The
Shielder was sent flying by the power of the blow and crashing into the wall, the stone
breaking and yielding from the sheer force. Coughing as all the wind was knocked out of her,
she glanced up and down into the darkness. The creature’s hisses were more distant now. She
had been flung a good distance away.
This was her opening. She needed to get to her senpai.
Pushing herself out of the crater she had created, her shield vanished as she jumped down and
held her breath – and landed in the dark, frigid waters with a great splash. Immediately the
current seized hold of her and pulled her into the depths. It wasn’t so fierce she couldn’t swim
against it, but a normal human would be helpless. Squinting through the rushing murk, she
tried to find some sign of her senpai – a glimmer of white or a shade of movement – but
found nothing.
Fear and panic started coursing through her system. A normal human could only survive a
few minutes without breathing. She had to hurry.
Then like a star in space, she saw it: A red point of light, glowing dimly in the harsh, evershifting waters. Before she could begin swimming, however, she saw the creature swiftly
closing in, swiftly gliding through the current like the shadow of death.
Summoning her shield once more, she retrieved something from its depths behind the handle
before holding onto it by the prongs. Spinning to gain momentum, her muffled scream
bubbled and frothed as she hurled it with all her might. The mass of metal, propelled by her
strength, clove through the water and slammed right into its opening jaws, knocking it aside.

Wasting no time, she kicked and swam with all her might towards the drowning Master,
guided by her glowing command seals. Catching her, she pushed the object she retrieved into
Ritsuka’s mouth: A rebreather. Designed with a small air pouch and could be activated to
filter oxygen from the water, it hopefully would last her senpai long enough for them to
surface.
As the command seals began fading and darkness closed in, Mash wrapped an arm tightly
around the Master and swam hard towards another direction: a side tunnel that she could
barely make out with the increasing light.
But the Shielder felt the current tear them both in another direction. Tossed adrift in the
engulfing gloom, she summoned her Shield and held it close in front of them – and a moment
later, it crashed against a stone wall, ricocheting them back into the wild flow. There wasn’t
even an opening for her to grab a rebreather for herself. All she could do was keep holding
her breath and do everything she could to protect her master.
Suddenly, she heard a rush of water and immediately raised her shield – and was immediately
struck from the side. The blow caught one of the prongs, sending her spinning through the
water and nearly ripping Ritsuka from her grasp. Fear quickly set in as she realized what had
happened: the creature had followed them down the tunnel, and that attack was anything but
random.
She was blind and flailing, yet it knew just where they were.
They were in its territory.
Gritting her teeth, she launched herself directly into the current, using it to accelerate as she
dolphin kicked through the water, keeping her shield raised in front of her. There was no way
to tell how fast she was going, where the creature was, or what was in her way. All she could
do was charge forward and protect Ritsuka with all she had.
Out of nowhere, Mash collided hard against one of the stone walls. She squeaked with
surprise as her arm almost crumpled under her own strength and momentum. Wasting no
time, she braced her legs against the shield and launched herself in the direction of the current
again, swimming among the flow.
As she could summon her shield again, however, something sharp raked hard across her arm
and tore the flesh. Her scream of pain was nothing more than muffled bubbles, wasting
precious oxygen, yet she pushed on. There was only one path for her: Forward.
All sense of direction was lost in the current and darkness. Each crash against a stone wall
jarred her arm through her shield painfully, to the point she believed her bones might be
cracking. Every so often, something struck her from the darkness – a fang or a claw that
raked against her armor or managed to catch her exposed flesh, slicing through and spilling a
fresh fount of her lifeblood.
Her body felt colder and colder from both blood loss and the frigid cave water. The arm that
held Ritsuka-senpai was the most wounded of all as the creature tried to take the seemingly

easiest meal for itself. Yet despite it all, the Shielder wouldn’t yield. She simply held Ritsuka
closer to her, ignoring the stinging pain of her sliced skin and muscle.
Mash gritted her teeth as she kicked off against yet another wall. Even for a demi-Servant,
she could feel her lungs burning from the effort of keeping her breath in. Her prodigious
strength and stamina were beginning to falter. She didn’t know how long she swam at this
point nor did she care. It wasn’t relevant.
She just had to keep following the current. Keep ahead of the creature. Keep protecting
Ritsuka-senpai. Above all, she had to keep going.
Then slowly, out of the corner of her eye, she could see the darkness lifting. She turned in
surprise and saw the gleam of daylight rushing up towards them like the light of hope. Light
had never seemed more dazzling or beautiful until now.
With renewed vigor she kicked towards the surface, holding on tight to the unconscious
Master as her shield vanished to minimize drag. Her lungs practically were about to burst as
her excitement and desperation exacerbated their desperate cry for release. Everything around
her became brighter and brighter as she approached, almost to the point of blindingMash burst out of the surface, frantically gasping for air – and almost swallowed a mouthful
of water for her trouble. The current hadn’t slowed down in the slightest. Instead, it was
rushing them out of the cave and into oncoming rapids. With a yelp, she kicked hard to
remain afloat, making sure to keep Ritsuka firmly in her grip as they were swept out of the
cave.
Gritting her teeth, she fought against the rush of water. The Shielder couldn’t gain a proper
foothold with the depth of the stream. All she could do was desperately flail and kick them
away from oncoming rocks while slowly and painfully making their way toward the shore or rather, a rocky shelf that stood at the foot of the canyon they were in.
A loud splash and a hissing roar behind her froze her blood. With one final kick off a jutting
stone, she finally reached the shelf. Moving desperately, she hauled herself out with the
unconscious Master still in her arms. Her limbs felt like jelly as her numerous injuries wept,
blood mixing with water and flowing back down into the river.
Ignoring the dull ache from her wounds, the Shielder grasped Ritsuka by the shoulders and
cried desperately while shaking her, “Senpai, please wake-!”
That was all she could utter before the stream exploded. The creature burst out of the water,
jaws agape in a fierce snarl as its vicious eyes bore down on them.
A long serpentine monster with four short yet powerful limbs, its turquoise scales gleamed
brilliantly in the sun and highlighted by the glittering spray. She could see the fangs in its
maw, numerous and cruel, and the claws in each limb, sharp and vicious.
But most importantly, she had seen it before.

With a roar, the serpent lunged. It crashed hard against Mash’s shield, her grieves carving
deep furrows in the stone shelf as she dug in. Her already numb arm strained and ached
against its brutal strength as she threw her weight behind it, desperately trying to stop it from
reaching her Master. As weary as she was, she had no way of stopping the serpent, not like
this.
“What the- MASH!!”
Ritsuka’s scream sent a wave of relief over the battered Shielder. “Senpai!” she called out.
“Please, retreat immediately! I will hold back the serpent so it doesn’t follow you!”
“But-“ Ritsuka stammered. “I need to heal you o-or-“
“Ritsuka-senpai, please!” Mash pleaded. “It’s too strong! I can’t protect you properly like
this!”
The Master anxiously hesitated, then turned heel and ran. The serpent snarled and quickly
lunged after her. Grasping one of the prongs of her shield again, the Shielder roared as she
tossed it at the monster with her full might. The massive metal disc slammed hard into its
skull and as it screeched in pain, she charged, summoning her shield back to her and crashing
into its side.
Suddenly, the pain from her injuries alleviated greatly. She spared a quick glance of surprise
to check on her senpai and saw the redhead standing nearby with a hand outstretched. With a
frantic nod of affirmation, the Master then began clambering up a steeper slope to get out of
the canyon.
Relieved, Mash turned to fully face the serpent and entered her battle stance. Staggering a bit,
the creature trained its baleful eyes on her and hissed in rage. The healing from Chaldea’s
uniform was far from complete or thorough, but it was certainly helpful. She would need all
the strength she could get.
But for now, her senpai was protected. All she needed to do now was hold out until backup
arrived. It was just a matter of time now…
---------“…ke up! Come on, Joker, wake up!”
“Mrgh, two more minutes…”
“Oh for-!”
A second later, something thumped hard onto Ren’s stomach, shoving him straight into
wakefulness. “Oof!” he groaned. “Did you have to wake me up like that, Morgana?”
The catlike being glared at him. “You wouldn’t wake up no matter what I did and this is an
emergency,” he snapped, quickly catching the Phantom Thief’s attention. “Ritsuka and Mash
have gone missing!”

Ren’s eyes widened in shock. Without further prompting he threw his covers off and rolled
off his hammock. He winced slightly as his still exhausted muscles took the impact of the
landing, then staggered out of the hold. ‘Siegfried, Martha, Medea, Joan,’ he rapidly called.
‘What’s happening? What happened to Mash and Ritsuka?’
He could sense their surprise through their links. Before any reprimanding game, Siegfried
answered first. ‘There appeared to be some sort of teleportation trap attached to the artifact,’
he explained. ‘On top of summoning other creatures. We have been searching the island while
fending them off but have made little progress.’
‘I’m terribly sorry, Master,’ Martha lamented as Ren watched as a small green meteor
streaked from the crow’s nest to the island. ‘I couldn’t stop the trap from going off – it had
ricocheted off the captain and onto Ritsuka. Mash was the only one to reach her before they
were teleported.’
‘You did what you could,’ the Phantom Thief replied shortly, watching the flurry of activity
on the distant shores and forest. ‘We’ve gotten any traces or hints where they might’ve gone?’
‘Ask Caster,’ Joan replied shortly, her voice strained. ‘She’s the one who was working most
closely with Ritsuka.’
The Master nodded. ‘Got it. Thanks everyone,’ he replied before cutting contact. Medea
hadn’t answered any of his questions though he figured there was a good reason for it. He
began walking back into the hold and twitched slightly as a twinge of pain shot through his
legs. It seemed he couldn’t push himself too far.
Marching down into the ship’s depths with his best friend, he made his way to Medea’s
workshop and knocked hard on the door. “Medea?” he called. “What’ve you got?” There was
a moment of silence, then the door opened.
Ren pushed his way in to see a dazzling array of images floating around the witch, each one
flickering to a new view of the island. They flickered at such speeds that it was disorienting
for both the Phantom Thief and Morgana, though they glimpsed through them the hordes of
monsters making their way through the island and the expedition team fighting.
Medea was at the center of it all, working on what appeared to be a network of glowing webs
and circuit lines. She was muttering to herself while tracing each path and thread,
occasionally moving them aside with a brusque flick of her finger. Her movements were
more harried than usual, her fingers almost curled into talons as they worked.
“I’m currently scrying for their location while deciphering the signs of teleportation
magecraft,” she stated before either Ren or Morgana could say anything. “The tracking
mysteries I had placed on Ritsuka’s mystic codes aren’t responding. I managed to trace a
blueprint of the artifact before they were teleported away, but it isn’t enough. I’ll need the
original.”
One of the images flickered to show Drake laughing madly as she shot down a small squad of
wyverns. The Caster glanced up and nodded before summoning her staff and waving it over

the image. “I’ll be making my way over to the island to retrieve it myself,” she concluded.
“Time is of the essence.”
She turned to Morgana. “Master, I must ask you to accompany me,” the witch added. “I
require a source of magical power nearby to perform my best in these conditions.”
“Wait,” Ren interjected, catching their attention. “Someone needs to stay behind to guard the
ship just in case, especially if you’re heading out. I’m in no condition to fight – and everyone
else would kill me if I even tried – and someone needs to back Siegfried up.”
He nodded at the images floating in the air. “You just need a mana battery, right? Then you
might as well drag me along,” he concluded. “I can’t get into much trouble anyway.”
Both Medea and Morgana narrowed their eyes suspiciously at the Phantom Thief. “You just
wanted to go to the island, don’t you?” the catlike being noted with a slight edge of
accusation.
Ren grinned and shrugged. “Partially,” he admitted. “But I do mean what I said about having
someone capable of guarding the ship. The singularity’s already proven to be dangerous on
both land and sea. With most of the Servants dispatched, we can’t afford to send even more
of our strength over. Besides, I’m concerned about Ritsuka and Mash too. My eyes might be
able to help.”
The Caster was silent for a moment, then sighed aridly. “Very well,” she grudgingly accepted.
“I cannot refute your argument, not when time is of the essence.” Raising her staff, she
waved it over Ren’s head while muttering an incantation underneath her breath. The Phantom
Thief glanced up at it in curiosity, then looked back down at himself. As far as he could tell,
nothing had changed.
“What the- where’d Ren go?” Morgana spouted, immediately looking around with wide eyes.
“A concealment spell,” Medea explained shortly. “I cannot protect him and focus on finding
the others at the same time. It should work to hide his presence.” She glanced over at the
Phantom Thief, still clearly visible to her own eyes. “So long as he doesn’t act out,” she
emphasized.
Ren could feel the austere gaze of the witch behind her hood and raised his hands with an
amused grin. “Not a peep from me,” he promised.
The corner of the Caster’s lip twitched in bemusement, but there was nothing for it. “Now,
unless there are preparations you must make, we depart at once,” she declared.
The Phantom Thief checked for his Chaldean Arms as well as the emergency smoke and
flash bombs Da Vinci had given him. All accounted for. “None,” he reassured her. “Let’s go.”
Medea nodded. They made their way back to the deck and saw Siegfried standing with his
arms crossed, watching the island intently. As they approached, the dragonslayer turned
toward them. “There is nothing I can directly observe,” he reported. “Nor has David spotted
anything from his perch. What are your orders?”

“You and I are staying and guarding the Golden Hind,” Morgana declared. The crew listening
in sighed in relief. “Medea and Ren are heading toward the island to assist in the search.”
Siegfried raised an eyebrow and looked around. “Where is Master Ren?” he asked. “I
assumed he would be here rather promptly.”
Ren couldn’t help but grin. Shambling over to the Saber’s side, he poked him in the arm,
causing the Servant to whirl about in surprise. “Right here,” he answered cheerfully. “Medea
cast a concealment spell to hide me. I should be safe in her care.”
The dragonslayer blinked several times. “So it seems,” he remarked, then nodded. “In that
case, stay safe, Master. We shall make sure the Hind is safe when you and the others return.”
“You guys take care,” the Phantom Thief replied, smiling. “See you in a bit!”
With that, Medea raised her staff. Ren blinked in surprise as he felt an invisible force lift him
effortlessly into the air. The Caster herself shot into the air before unfurling her cloak,
revealing her purple robe underneath as it stretched like gigantic bat wings. The galleon
immediately shrunk beneath them as they took to the skies, then they soared toward the
island.
The feeling of this flight felt… odd. He still felt the wind whistling by and the sea speeding
below him, but it didn’t feel nearly as liberating or exhilarating as his own flight. It certainly
didn’t help that he was being carried by the witch’s magecraft as opposed to flying on his
own effort and will.
Setting the thought aside, he sent his thoughts to Martha and Joan. ‘Me and Medea are on our
way,’ he announced, connecting his thoughts with Medea as well. ‘We’re meeting up with
Drake so she can take a closer look at the artifact. What about you guys?’
‘We’re currently searching the western side of the island,’ Martha panted out. ‘But there’s a
lot of wyverns and other beasts around. I’m hoping they’re safe – there’s a lot of them around
right now.’
‘If something happened, Chaldea would’ve let us know already,’ the Phantom Thief reassured
the saint. ‘Keep us posted.’
Cutting off communications, Ren took a breath. Dangling in the air on a rescue mission
wasn’t exactly how he expected to spend his day, but it was certainly more productive than
sleeping it away. ‘Are teleportation traps like this common, Medea?’ he asked mentally over
the whistling wind.
‘In my era it was,’ the witch replied curtly. ‘A common trap priests and magi used to relocate
thieves or intruders. However, it required a good deal of preparation to properly cast and no
small amount of energy to maintain. I cannot fathom how it could have remained functioning
from the Age of Gods all the way until Drake’s era, which lends further credence to my
theory.’
Ren glanced over. ‘You’re saying it’s not possible in the modern era?’ he inquired.

‘It is not,’ Medea flatly answered. ‘In the Age of Man, the world is defined by science and
fact. Under such constraints, teleportation of any sort became nigh impossible. Even I can no
longer perform it, without extensive preparations. No, this trap was undoubtedly created from
the Age of the Gods. That turbulence likely brought a confluence from my era here.”
‘Seems like it,’ the Master mused as he reclined in the air. ‘Then I’m guessing this is all
familiar territory for you, then?’
A tinge of grim amusement crept into Medea’s thoughts. ‘Familiar enough to know how
dangerous my era was,’ she agreed. ‘I assisted Master Ritsuka with a few preparations before
she set off. She is no hero, but she is at least sensible. She’ll survive.’
Ren couldn’t help but chuckle a bit. ‘Better than dealing with me or Morgana?’ he teased.
‘Less interesting,’ she replied simply.
‘That doesn’t answer my question.’
‘Nor do I feel the need to, Master. We’re approaching the island now. Perhaps it would be
best to begin your own search.’
The Phantom Thief grinned. ‘Yes ma’am,’ he jokingly acceded to her annoyance.
His eyes turned red once again as his Third Eye activated – and was assaulted by red light.
Masses swarmed and flowed throughout the island like ants scrambling around an anthill,
many of them heading westward. He saw the expected wyverns but also noticed silhouettes
of creatures like boars and lions racing through the forests and flatlands beneath, their roars
and shrieks reaching even up to where he drifted high in the air.
‘There’s a lot of them,’ Ren murmured.
‘Yes, more than what’s natural,’ Medea agreed, surveying below them as well. ‘This artifact
was better protected than the other one, it would seem.’
‘Any clue as to why?’ the Phantom Thief inquired, squinting for a hint of blue or even yellow.
So far, he found nothing.
The witch was silent for a moment. ‘There are many reasons why,’ she answered quietly.
‘However, nothing certain until I can analyze the artifact itself. I shall pick up the pace.’
Ren nodded as they began flying even faster. Seeing the horde rushing underneath him, it was
tempting to bring out his gun or one of his personas to bombard them from below. How much
damage could he do from this position if he caught them all unaware? However, he decided
against it. It wouldn’t be a good idea to catch their attention right now, especially when the
wyverns could simply fly up to counterattack.
Besides, he had promised the Caster he would behave – and he didn’t want to risk her ire, not
when he was dangling so high up in the air. Discretion was the better part of valor.
‘…ome in! Anyone? Is my signal getting through?! Come in, already!’

Medea almost halted dead in her tracks as Ritsuka’s voice began coming through in their
minds and their communicator. Raising his hand, Ren quickly opened the channel and saw
the utterly soaked, disheveled redhead staring back anxiously. He didn’t think he had seen her
nearly this bedraggled back in the storm.
Romani’s image appeared almost immediately right beside her. “Ritsuka! Thank goodness
you’re safe!” he cried. “We lost all communications and couldn’t even locate you! All we had
were your vitals! What happened?”
“That’s not important right now!” Ritsuka spouted. Ren could see out of the corner of his eye
the Caster fiddling with another spell. “I-it’s Mash! She’s fighting by herself right now but I’m
not sure how much longer she can hold out. She needs backup!”
“Where is she right now?” Ren asked quickly.
“She’s… agh, what time is it right now?!” the redhead demanded.
“About one in the afternoon.”
Ritsuka glanced up at the sky for a brief moment. “About northeast of my current position, I
think,” she answered, looking around her unsure. “I don’t have a compass so that’s the best I
got.”
“It will suffice,” Medea stated as she angled her wings. “I’ve locked on to your position,
Master Ritsuka, and shall be there momentarily. I’ll guide the others as well.”
The redhead nodded, looking relieved. “Okay, thank god,” she breathed. “Romani, you got a
tracker on me too, right?”
“We got your coordinates, Ritsuka,” he confirmed. “Just stay put and wait for backup to-“
“No, I need to go back,” the girl immediately rejected. “I need to let Mash know and back
her up. Just-just hurry up, alright?! It’s that damn serpent from that storm!”
“Round two, huh?” Ren mused. “Right. On our way. Good to see you safe, Ritsuka.”
“Yep,” the redhead agreed shortly before cutting communications.
“She’s moving,” Medea reported as she increased her speed. “I have sent a guiding wind to
the others. We’ll converge on her location.”
“Sounds good,” the Phantom Thief acknowledged. “Thanks a bunch, Medea.” A quick
mental check with Martha and Joan was all he needed to know they got the message too.
Soon, they would meet up, deal with the serpent and the various monsters after them, then
they could get back to the ship.
Ren couldn’t help but smirk subtly to himself as his Third Eye picked out the smallest mote
of blue among the distant foliage. There really was never a dull moment in Chaldea.
----------

Mash coughed as she smashed into the cliff side again, the rock yielding and crumbling
underneath her from the sheer force of the blow.
The serpent had been a formidable foe back on the ship during the storm, and it was no
different here. Just like before, the environment favored it heavily: The rocky shelf was
incredibly narrow with no easy retreat, while it could use the rapids as it pleased. Even the
less outright calamitous weather was hardly in her favor.
With a cry, Mash charged in, ducking under a claw swipe and slamming her shield against its
chest – only for her fierce blow to simply bounce off. She rolled aside as the serpent snapped
its jaws at her in turn before raising her shield just in time for another claw to smash into it.
Her grieves dug into the rocky ground beneath before she managed to deflect the blow,
though it quickly dove into the rapids again before she could retaliate.
The Shielder’s grip tightened on her shield as she ground her teeth. She barely raised it in
time as its tail lashed out and struck, sending her sliding across the shelf. Was there even
anything she could do here?
Bursting out of the rapids again, the monster lunged forward with a roar. She raised her shield
again to block it – and her eyes widened in surprise as instead of the impact she expected, a
claw wrapped around her shield instead. Before she could properly react, the serpent twisted
its body and flung her with great force into the middle of the rapids.
Mash felt her heart drop as she flew through the air. Crashing through a rock jutting out and
bounced back up, she winced at the impact as they exacerbated her current wounds. She
reached out desperately with her shield and managed to snag another rock with one of its
prongs. Pulling herself back in, she landed on top of its narrow surface – and almost slid from
the wet, smooth surface of the stone.
Her heart thundering in her ears, the Shielder looked back up to maintain visual on the
serpent – only for it to have vanished again. Anxiety crept up her spine as she eyed the
surrounding waters warily, her shield raised in preparation. She knew the serpent was lurking
near her and her footing was far from stable. The situation couldn’t be much worse.
Frustration began boiling over, slowly overtaking her rational thought. She had no good
options here. Not even retreat was feasible, where the serpent could simply pick her off from
behind. What did Leonidas teach her? How would Boudica counsel her? What would Rensenpai do? There had to be something“Mash! Come in!”
The voice of Ritsuka blaring through her communicator startled her. “Ritsuka-senpai?” she
called out in surprise as she kept watch.
“Oh thank god, it’s finally working,” the Master breathed. “I got in contact with the others.
They’re on their way over right now, including Ren! Just hold tight, Mash!”
The Shielder’s eyes widened in surprise. Before she could reply, the rocks around her began
crumbling away. She hastily jumped off toward another rock, quickly orienting herself

toward the shelf – only for the serpent to burst out of the water, its fangs almost glinting in
the sun as it rushed at her jaws agape.
A swift raising of her shield was the sole reason she wasn’t immediately swallowed whole,
only for the monster to simply whip its head to the side, flinging her straight into a cliff
again. Mash gasped in pain as she crashed yet again, the force breaking and cratering the rock
underneath her.
She drew a raspy breath and almost choked on the blood in her mouth. The damage she was
taking was becoming untenable. The healing from Ritsuka-senpai helped but it hadn’t been
enough to restore her to full condition. Even if it had, the likelihood of her victory was still
incredibly low. Failure was not only probable but near certain.
But it was fine, the Shielder reasoned, slowly picking herself up as she glimpsed the serpent’s
scales gliding underneath the surface. Victory wasn’t the objective here. She just needed to
buy time. Reinforcements were on the way. Siegfried was an expert at slaying draconic
beings. Martha’s Tarrasque could easily slay such a monster. And Ren-senpai, he couldHer thoughts were interrupted as the creature burst out of the water with a roar, a claw
speeding straight for her. Mash barely had time to register the sight before she reflexively
moved, kicking off the rock hard and speeding straight toward a sloped bank – and felt
something scrape against her waist, knocking her off balance. Spinning in midair from the
lunge, she saw her belt pinned to the cliff by the serpent.
And dangling from it was her sword, still in the scabbard.
Everything became muted as her focus narrowed down to the sword hanging impotently in its
grip. The serpent’s frustrated hiss sounded distant, almost irrelevant as it repositioned,
incidentally dropping the belt. Even then, her eyes focused only on the blade dropping like a
stone toward the rushing waters below.
Before the girl even processed what she was doing, her shield was already underneath her
feet. Kicking off again, she sped under the serpent as it dove past her. Something sharp
scratched at her head, but she didn’t even feel it. All she had eyes for was the blade, her
precious gift, as it came closer and closer to the river. Just as the tip started sinking in, her
hands reached the swordSuddenly, everything came back into focus. She was partially submerged with an arm around
a rock her only anchor. Warmth dripped down her face and forced one of her eyes closed. The
frigid waters battered at her weakening body, the cold piercing through her wounds like
blades.
Despite everything, however, the grip on her blade in her other hand was almost stronger than
her grip around the rock.
Hearing a great, distant splash, the Shielder roused herself and hauled herself out of the
water. This wasn’t the time to lose focus, not in enemy territory. Retreating to shore was her
only option. The belt was lost, most likely washed away by the currents by now.

All of that was fine, it was okay. The serpent’s agility was terrifying, almost as much as its
sheer ferocity. As its outline slithered through the water with its tongue flickering out, her
body was taut with tension. But there was no need to win, it was okay to be this much for
nowWhen?
Mash almost froze as her eyes fixed on the blade still in its sheath. That single question,
barely above a whisper, echoed from the deepest reaches within and reverberated throughout
her mind and heart. Another splash resounded, snatching her attention once more. As she
sought a path back to shore, however, her mind raced.
If push came to shove, if nothing else mattered, would you use that shield to protect Mash
Kyrielight?
She hopped onto another rock as the serpent lunged suddenly out of the water, its jaws
snapping shut where she had just been. The Shielder didn’t dare look behind her, quickly and
carefully picking a path back toward the shelf. Her grip on the sword tightened, unable to
draw yet unable to let it go. She needed to… Needed to…
Focus on what you can do. You are still a strong, intelligent, capable young woman, Mash,
one with many paths forward, not just Ren's.
No, there wasn’t a choice here. It wasn’t even an option. It was simple: Get back to the shore
and hold out for reinforcements. Her strength could be restored and they could deal with the
serpent - or simply leave. The monster was incidental to their objective, after all. There was
no reason they needed to expend energy fighting it. Their objectives had been accomplished
here.
But what about her mission? It was to protect her senpai and buy time… wasn’t it?
It should be that simple. Yet…
Everything after this, it’s all you. I’m looking forward to it, Mash.
Just as she stepped down onto the shelf, the serpent burst out of the water again, maw agape
to devour her. Her eyes widening in shock, she again barely managed to raise her shield in
time to jam its jaws open. The sheer force of the creature shoved her back, her grieves sliding
and grinding against the wet stone underneath her until her back was pushed up against the
cliff.
Mash grit her teeth as she pushed back with all her strength. Her grip trembled underneath
the creature’s might, forcing her to use both arms to brace her shield. Though she threw her
entire weight behind it, she nevertheless could feel herself yielding to its strength, crushing
her against the rocks. While it wasn’t critical, the situation was becoming worse by the
second.
As she wrestled with the serpent, her eyes were drawn to the sword, still in her hand despite
everything. It was dull in the shadow of its maw, almost lusterless. No matter how

sentimental it was to her, it wouldn’t be any help to her right now. Slowly, her grip slackened.
What do you wish to do with the sword, Miss Kyrielight?
In a moment, time almost came to a halt in her mind. Her hand froze as the sword now hung
loosely in her grip. Was this truly it? Would she relinquish senpai’s gift – no, his faith in her
so readily? All so they could accomplish their mission? Ren-senpai would surely understand,
but that wasn’t what mattered. If she dropped it here, even if she recovered it, what then?
It's a big, wide world, Mash. Isn't there something you want to experience? Something you
want to go for?
Realization slowly trickled into the Shielder’s mind. She remembered now - being protected
by Ren-senpai wasn’t what she wanted. But neither was she content simply to be his shield
and protector. What she wanted was to stand beside him as an equal, guarding his back while
he watched hers. Something so simple yet utterly forgotten in the frenzy of battle.
However, if there is something you need – nay, you want – then you must reach out and seize
it with your own hands.
Within your grasp is a tool to assist with that.
A blaze ignited deep within Mash, filling her body with almost manic strength and heat. She
released the scabbard, allowing it to fall… and instead seized the grip of the sword. It slid out
with ease as though it had been eagerly awaiting this very moment. The blade gleamed even
in the shadow of the serpent’s jaws, matching the fire that shone in her eyes.
Heaving herself forward, she lashed out with the blade into the gloom. It sliced smoothly
through something, cutting almost as easily as it had cut through air. A startled, pained hiss
emanated from deep in the serpent’s throat, vibrating roughly against her shield. But Mash
didn’t stop. Instead, she slashed again and felt the sword’s edge once more cleave its target.
Suddenly, the Shielder felt herself being wrenched aside again as the monster’s jaws wildly
flung her away high into the air. Twisting herself in the air, she saw herself flying well above
the river toward the opposite bank. There was nothing there but grass and forest. Good.
Quickly summoning her shield at her feet once again, she kicked off and sped back down to
the ground, landing on the cliff overseeing the rushing river. Drawing a shaky breath, she
summoned her shield back to her just as the serpent leaped out of the river and dove toward
her with a wild, vengeful roar. Mash swiftly dove aside as it crashed down, throwing up dust
and gravel as it did so.
For a moment, monster and warrior stood, eyeing one another. Blood pooled and poured from
the maw of the creature, its tongue now severed and useless. As it glared down at her, it no
longer saw prey to toy with and devour, nor did it see a threat to its life and existence.
Instead, a new light gleamed in its baleful eyes; one of sheer hatred and rage.
She was its enemy.

Mash quietly caught her breath as she stared back up at the serpent, steely determination
meeting its wrath. A thin coat of blood now stained the edge of the blade, dripping onto the
ground below. Her wounds throbbed and her body felt weak, yet it all felt irrelevant. In
comparison, the fire that burned within her heart hadn’t diminished in the slightest.
Her grip on her blade tightened. All thoughts of falling back or waiting for reinforcements
had vanished from her mind. The mission no longer mattered for this one instance. Her mind
analyzed her opponent more carefully now, discerning any weaknesses she might take
advantage of - softer flesh, the layering of scales, its rage. Factors that would lead to its
defeat… and her victory.
She felt the monster’s malice bear heavily down on her. This time, the Shielder simply raised
her blade in challenge, her undaunted gaze easily meeting the serpent’s fierce gaze.
A low hiss emanated from the creature as it tensed its legs, its claws digging furrows into the
dirt underneath. Mash did the same, raising her shield and drawing her sword arm back.
A warm breeze blew. The rush of water echoed in the distance. A moment stretched like an
eternity. The world held its breath, awaiting them.
Then they charged as their combined roars reached the heavens.
---------‘We’re coming up on Master Ritsuka’s location,’ Medea reported.
Ren nodded. The verdant forests rushed by underneath him from the haste of their flight. The
flow of monsters underneath thinned and almost halted altogether, leaving only the greenery
of nature behind. His Third Eye picked through the trees and shrubbery, focusing on the tiny
blue glow ahead. So far, he hadn’t seen any traces of red nearby, which was a relief.
‘Guys, how are we looking?’ he asked.
‘We’ve broken through the horde and are making our way towards you,’ Martha reported.
‘They aren’t pursuing us past a certain point, though we aren’t sure why. We’ll be there
momentarily.’
‘Sounds good,’ the Phantom Thief replied. ‘Keep us posted if anything happens.’ He cut off
contact with the saint and eyed Medea. ‘You have any idea?’
The Caster’s frown was the only thing visible underneath her fluttering hood. ‘A limit of the
bounded field, perhaps,’ she suggested. ‘Or lack of control over the beasts. Their quantity
was far greater than the wyverns on the other isle, after all. I cannot ascertain the reason
until I’ve analyzed the magecraft.’
‘That won’t be too long now,’ he said. ‘Ah, there she is.’
Medea nodded and with a wave of her staff, they began descending. The canopy of the forest
yielded away on their approach by her command, allowing them to reach the ground with

minimal disturbance. The forest around them was utterly quiet, devoid of even the usual
sounds of nature – most likely fled or hiding from the earlier stampede of monsters.
Ren was lowered to the ground gently before she relinquished her hold on him, allowing the
young man to move about freely once again. Straightening himself up, he quickly locked
onto the blue light and approached it before his eyes turned normal once more. Tracking it to
a tree, he noticed the crevice located at the base of the truck and knocked against it.
“Need your signature, ma’am,” he called out with a grin.
There was a loud bang within that caused the Phantom Thief to wince, followed by a hurried
shuffling. Seconds later, Ritsuka darted out from the hole and almost dove into him, her arms
wrapping around him in an embrace so tight that it was almost painful.
“Oh thank god thank god thank god,” she gasped as she squeezed him even tighter, burying
her face in his chest. “I thought for a moment a monster managed to find me. I-I can’t exactly
do much without Mash around – wait, shit, shit, Mash! You need to help Mash she’s by
herself and she’s up against that damn serpent back on the ship which kicked almost
everyone’s asses before and-“
“W-wait, hold on,” Ren wheezed. “Y-you’ve got me kind of tight here-“
The redhead blinked, then her eyes widened and she immediately flung her arms away with a
yelp. “S-sorry! I didn’t mean to-!” she began.
The Phantom Thief raised his hand as he staggered slightly. “It’s fine, it’s fine,” he reassured
her. “Glad to see you’re okay. And now you said Mash is in trouble?”
Ritsuka immediately nodded frantically. “Yeah, she is,” she quickly answered, pointing in a
direction. “She was banged up pretty badly protecting me through all of that. I tried healing
but the uniform’s mystery wasn’t nearly enough. We really, really need to go. Wh-where are
the others? Siegfried or Martha could take care of it in a heartbeat.”
Almost on cue, the two Servants mentioned, as well as Joan and Drake, dashed up at
inhuman speeds. “Forgive our tardiness,” Siegfried apologized. “We made our trek as fast as
we could.”
“Not a problem,” Ren replied before turning back to Ritsuka. “Lead the way. Time to back up
Mash.”
With a nod, she quickly began running in the direction she had pointed to earlier. A glance
from Ren was all Medea needed for her to cast an enchantment to speed all of them up,
letting them rush past the foliage of the forest. Trees swiftly thinned out and receded as the
dirt underneath gave way to gravel, then to stone. The sound of crashing water quickly grew
louder as they approached.
Soon, they were at the cliff overlooking the turbulent river. Looking about, they saw signs of
Mash’s battle, but no sign of either her or the monster. “Damnit, where the hell did they go?!”

Ritsuka hissed as she frantically searched. “Medea, can you use some sort of tracking spell or
enhance our senses or something?”
The Caster frowned slightly. She pointed at the group while murmuring an aria underneath
her breath. Suddenly, their vision expanded and ballooned as though they were looking
through binoculars. Distant features were given razor sharp focus and closed in while objects
nearby flickered and vanished into their periphery, severely altering their perception.
Martha, Joan, Drake, and Ritsuka squawked and stumbled slightly as they adjusted while the
more stoic Siegfried and the more experienced Ren merely blinked several times. “A seeking
mystery would avail us better once we find some clue,” she coolly stated. “Look for signs – I
shall keep watch.”
Ritsuka groaned as a bout of nausea clawed at the back of her throat. Her stomach was
thankfully empty at this point, something she was extremely grateful for. Fighting back the
urge to gag, she slowly looked around for any signs. Craters in the cliff faces, rubble strewn
about, furrows and gashes in the rocks. However, the combatants themselves were nowhere
to be seen.
The redhead ground her teeth in frustration. “Did they get washed downstream?” she
muttered. Judging by the swift river below and the serpent’s nature, it was likely. “Someone
should check further down and see if they got washed up somewhere. The rest of us will keep
looking just in-“
“There!”
Joan’s shout immediately grabbed their attention. With their enhanced vision through a gap in
the trees, they could see the glimmer of Mash’s fuchsia hair, standing in start contrast to the
greens and browns of the forest beyond. Nearby, harder to see but still visible were the aqua
scales of the serpent, shifting and moving down its sinewy length.
Breathing a sigh of relief, Ritsuka nodded. Good, Mash was relatively okay at least. “Nice
work, Joan,” she chirped. “Right, let’s get going guys. Between all of us, that serpent won’t
know what-“
“Wait a second.”
She almost stumbled on the spot in surprise at Ren’s command. “Wh-what?!” she spluttered.
“What the hell do you mean by wait?! I told you she doesn’t have a chance against that thing,
especially when she’s injured! What the hell are we waiting for? Are you going to ask for
more back up or-or do you need more time to set up another trick of yours? Couldn’t you
have done that-“
“Master,” Siegfried’s calm, quiet voice cut through the redhead’s frantic rambling even above
the roaring river below. “Perhaps it would be wise to take a closer look at the situation at
hand.”
Ritsuka’s mouth fell open in surprise as rage and panic gathered at the tip of her tongue.
Curses and swears threatened to burst out, even a command seal order. For a moment, she felt

like a balloon about to burst. Slowly, her hands curled into balls of pure tension while she
swallowed it all, then turned toward where Mash was located.
Peering past the trees, she could see her friend again. She looked battered and weary, which
was to be expected; the healing earlier hadn’t been nearly enough. The Shielder was still on
her feet at least, a fact that washed over the redhead in a wave of relief. Something glittered
in her peripheral vision, however, drawing her gaze – and her eyes widened in surprise.
It was the sword Mash had carried with her, now unsheathed, coated in blood… and pointing
directly at the serpent in challenge. “Wha… what is…” she stammered, her voice faint.
“What are you doing, Mash…?”
“Looks to me she’s got her eyes set on her own treasure,” Drake commented, crossing her
arms as a broad grin spread across her face. “I’ve seen it before in pups still wet behind the
ears when the waves finally crash down on them. This’s the moment where they either throw
their chest out and laugh or slink away from the sea like whipped curs.”
“But… but she’s wounded,” Ritsuka whispered, unable to tear her gaze from the scene
despite her words. “She… she can’t… she has no chance…”
“Many people thought the same when I chose to confront the Tarrasque,” Martha murmured.
“But I had faith that my Lord would see me through. And He did. This is no less a similar test
– for Mash and for us. I have no intention of letting her die, but… perhaps it would behoove
us to watch and see how she fares.”
The girl gulped hard. She watched as the Shielder slowly drew her sword back and settled
into a fighting stance while the serpent across from her tensed its muscles. “Ren,” she gasped,
barely even audible now. “You… you won’t even heal her? Sh-she looks up to you, you
know. Just… just a little bit of help… please…?”
The Phantom Thief said nothing for a moment, watching as the two combatants stared each
other down. “I think… for the first time, this is what Mash wants,” he stated quietly. “She
knows the weight of that sword I gave her and wouldn’t have drawn it lightly. Honestly, I
don’t think she’s been any more awesome than she is now. What do you think?”
Ritsuka was at a loss for words. Ever since she arrived at Chaldea, she had stolen glances of
Mash whenever they passed by and observed her whenever they spoke. Mash had always
been cute and polite, but there was always a sense of… emptiness behind her words and eyes.
Methodical and curated, like a machine taught to interact with people. She felt more like a
doll than a person.
But now, she could see it: In Mash’s violet eyes burned a light she hadn’t seen before. She
always thought her friend and crush was awesome, but even that expectation had been blasted
straight through. Challenging an opponent without reason was something she had thought
was beyond the demure Shielder. The sword shone in the sun, highlighting her face set in
determination.
Despite how weary she seemed, with her shield and sword, facing down the serpent, she
looked every part like a hero of legend.

The redhead swallowed hard again, forcing herself to release the tension that was building up
in her shoulders. “Then… she’ll win,” she finally whispered. “She’s awesome enough for it.
She’ll win for sure. Right, Ren?”
Ren smiled warmly. “I think so too,” he agreed before keeping close watch. “She’s a lot
stronger than she thinks.”
A slow smile spread across his face as their battle cries tore through the air.
---------The flash of the blade. The tearing claws. The mass of the shield. The gnashing fangs.
Mash ducked under a tail swipe as she danced to the serpent’s side. Charging in, she raised
her sword and thrust at the open side of the creature – only for it to bounce and skate off
against the creature’s scales. Scowling, she jumped and raised her shield on reflex – just as
the monster snapped at her, knocking her clear out of its reach.
Skidding to a stop, she quickly dove aside as it pounced at her. The shield, while massive,
was like a familiar companion to her. It felt just right in her grip, like an extension of her
body. Since the Fuyuki singularity – no, earlier than that, she fought with it like she had used
it her entire life.
As the serpent whirled around, she slammed it into the ground and sprang off the top prong.
The monster rushed the embedded shield with a roar and knocked it over before halting in
confusion. Gritting her teeth, she once again summoned her shield at her feet and launched
herself down, bringing the point of her sword down on its headOnly for the tip to once again bounce off and catch on the edge of one of its scales. The
creature roared in outraged surprise and began whipping its head about. The Shielder only
had enough time to pluck the sword free before springing off, tucking herself and rolling to a
stop on the ground.
The sword, on the other hand, felt awkward and clumsy. While it felt good in her hand, she
couldn’t use it like she could the shield. She had been trying to mimic what she had seen
from Leonidas, Boudica, and the Roman soldiers, but it was nothing more than a stopgap.
Weaving her way under a claw swipe, she swiftly checked for any openings. Attacking the
maw was too risky to try again. The eyes were obvious targets, but they would be protected.
The scales were too hard for either sword or shield. There was something she missed,
somethingSuddenly, her mind flashed to when her blade caught on the scale earlier. Perhaps…
A snarl ripped her out of her rumination as a tail came smashing down. Raising her shield in
a tilt, it slid off and crashed into the ground beside her, almost knocking her aside. Steadying
herself, she lunged for the tail and wedged the sword underneath one of the scales. Stomping
on it, she pushed against the blade and levered hard.

With a horrific tearing noise, she pried some scales off the tail and exposed the soft flesh
underneath. With a roar of pain, the serpent’s tail lashed out again and bowled Mash over.
Landing on her back, her eyes widened as she saw the great body of the monster aloft and
bearing down on her.
By reflex, she summoned her shield back to her. Bracing herself behind it while having her
sword poke through one of the prongs.
The afternoon sun quickly turned into shadow as the serpent dropped like the weight of fate
itself. If this gambit didn’t pay off, she would die.
But courting death was what her senpai risked every day, wasn’t it?
The ground underneath Mash broke and yielded, grinding her into the dirt as the wind was
knocked out of her from the impact. As her shield buckled, a sharp pain lanced through her
arm as she desperately pushed back. It was likely broken, but she couldn’t afford to check. It
was fine – it was what she expected.
More importantly, clenched in a death grip was her sword, braced against the prong and
ground. It had yielded again to the serpent’s scales, but not wholly – it was still sticking
upward. Pushing up, she quickly noticed resistance of flesh against the blade and the warmth
dripping down onto her hand.
Pressing her opportunity, the Shielder thrust upward with a loud cry and was rewarded with
another agonized roar. The monster flung itself off her, nearly tearing the sword out of her
grip as it ripped out of its belly. Crashing down nearby, blood spilled out of its agape maw as
it glared down at her in renewed rage.
Mash met its gaze with a steely one of her own. As she tightened the grips of her shield with
her sword hand, pain pierced through her body and caused her to wince slightly. The shield
would brace her arm, but she couldn’t unsummon it anymore. That cut down on her options.
Blood dripped down from her blade. She wouldn’t get another opening like that again, so she
tossed away all notions of defense and caution.
Tensing her legs, the Shielder charged again, dashing straight for the monster. With a snarl,
the creature slammed a claw down on her, forcing her to sidestep. Taking advantage of the
opening, she quickly leaped on top of it and jumped up, swinging her shield outward at its
head. It collided hard with its skull, but it simply shook her away, throwing her aloft once
again – toward its tail.
Twisting in midair, she raised her blade and aimed carefully until she found what she was
looking for: The tiny spot where she had pried the scales off the serpent, exposing a spot of
flesh. She came down swiftly, the tip of her sword gleaming eagerly like a meteorThe tail suddenly whipped about as the serpent spun, and instead it began speeding straight
toward her. Her eyes widening, she swiftly raised her shield again just as it slammed into her,
sending a fresh jolt of excruciating pain through her body. Carried along by the appendage,
she clung on for dear life as she sought out the spot once more.

The singular moment stretched into what felt like hours, battered and dragged through the
pain. But with her eyes straining to focus, she caught it – a clear patch of fleshy pink and red
among the sea of blue-green scales – and she began crawling agonizingly towards it.
The edges of the scale cut into her palm, causing them to bleed. Each flick of the tail caused
her brain to rattle within her skull and her vision to darken, yet still she wasn’t deterred.
The serpent, in contrast, became more frenetic. With an almost fearful snarl, it jumped and
lashed about, desperately trying to dislodge the Shielder. Slamming its tail against the ground
and dragging it along the rocks, the monster snapped and flailed, roaring and smashing her
over and over against stones and trees.
Yet no matter what, Mash clung on more persistently than any gnat. Her body bruised, cuts
tearing open, and when she was battered against the stone her armed screamed to her through
the agony. But she held on, and nothing this creature could ever do would make her let go.
With a bloody crawl, she reached the weak spot. Raising her sword, she brought the point
down with a fierce cry while letting go of the tail. The blade pierced deep into the flesh as her
weight brought it down with her, sending them both crashing to the ground.
The creature’s screech reverberated through the air, but she wasn’t done. Raising her shield,
she hammered down on the pommel of the blade. The force of it pierced through the other
side of the tail and into the ground below, nailing it in place. Her arm throbbed but she
disregarded it as feverish energy rushed through her body.
She had her opening.
The Shielder sprang up on the pommel of the sword and quickly ran up the serpent’s back as
it struggled to pull itself free, snarling in desperation and no small amount of fear. She
pounced at its head, slamming her shield down on top with all her might.
The monster reeled from the blow but slowly began to stand back up, dazed. Without
hesitation, she furiously and unrelentingly smashed down on its skull over and over. The rock
beneath its head cracked from the brutal, thunderous impacts until its legs finally gave out,
sending it sprawling. It let out a low growl as more blood spilled out of its great maw, its
great vigor spent.
Mash held out her hand and without thinking or realizing, her sword flashed back into her
hand. Hopping off the side, she let out another wild cry as her blade pierced through a great,
baleful eye. The serpent shrieked in agony and rage, its head and body helplessly dragged
with Mash as she dropped to the ground.
Releasing the blade, she spun around and crouched. Grabbing hold of her shield in both
hands, she leaped and delivered a powerful uppercut underneath its jaw. The sheer might of
the Shielder and the monster’s own exhaustion caused it to flop over with a snarl of agony,
crashing on its side.
However, she could not – would not – relent.

Landing on the ground, she rammed it hard in the belly where she had pierced through
moments earlier. Again, the serpent roared out and tried to roll away from its assailant.
Mash sprang up while it was on its back and seized her shield, the straps becoming undone
by her will. With a wild cry, she slammed it down on its neck, the prongs digging into the
ground and anchoring it in place.
As the serpent desperately flailed about to free itself, the Shielder reached out and summoned
the sword to her again. Her arm dangled at her side, but that didn’t matter. Even if all her
limbs were broken, she would see this through.
Hopping up onto its neck again, she stabbed between the scales into the flesh underneath.
The monster’s snarls became more desperate, the note of panic clear in its growls. It thrashed
even harder, trying to dislodge the shield as its stubby claws tore up the ground underneath,
unable to reach her. Yet no matter how much it bucked about, Mash wouldn’t be dislodged.
The Shielder threw her weight behind the sword as she had done countless times with her
shield. The blade slowly sank into flesh, piercing through hide, tendon, and muscle. Gritting
her teeth, she hammered the guard with a fist, driving it deeper and deeper into its throat until
it was completely buried within.
Seizing hold of the sword’s grip, she once against jumped off the side while dragging the
blade down with her. Pulled through by the entirety of her weight and might, it cut through
the serpent’s neck and sliced it wide open. Landing on the ground, she stumbled slightly, then
let out a roar cry as she tore the blade out.
A screech, piercing and shrill, blasted from the serpent. As it thrashed about in its death
throes, blood fountained into the air and rained down, splattering her in crimson and forcing
her to shield her eyes. Eventually, its movements diminished, becoming weaker and weaker.
Then eventually it fell still, its remaining eye going dark and glassy, and moved no more.
Mash stared blankly at the monster, now dead at her feet. Though she kept her guard up, a
quick observation showed the truth, plain as day. It was dead. She had won.
The Shielder slowly let out a ragged breath. Despite her exhaustion, she felt oddly light on
her feet. When she managed to win in previous battles, all she had felt was relief and pride –
not in herself, but in Ren-senpai and their companions. The sensation was no substitute for
actual energy, but it buoyed her up and kept her standing, if only for a bit longer.
Looking down at her blade, she noticed the sword was utterly soaked in blood. Mash couldn’t
help but frown in concern. She needed to wash and maintain it. It wouldn’t be right to leave
senpai’s gift so dirty. And she needed a wash herself. There was so much she needed to do,
but at least she was done. She began slowly turning, then tripped over her feet and began
falling“Gotcha.”
The Shielder’s eyes widened in surprise as she looked up – and there was Ren, smiling
warmly down at her. Her mouth worked as thousands of questions flooded her exhaustion-

addled mind, each more important than the last. Yet as her vision swam, they all seemed so
irrelevant.
Instead, one simple phrase surfaced to the forefront of her mind. “I did it, senpai,” she
murmured with a dazed smile.
The Phantom Thief’s grin widened. “I saw,” he acknowledged, as he pulled her into a hug.
“You did great, Mash. I’m proud of you.” The girl smiled back, radiant and relieved, as her
eyes slowly closed. “Pixie,” Ren murmured. The fairy persona appeared in a flash of blue
flame and pointed to Mash. Her body began emitting a green glow as her injuries began
healing up.
“She’s okay, right?” Ritsuka slowly asked, eyeing her with concern.
“Exhaustion, most likely,” Siegfried diagnosed as he looked over. “While Master Ren has
healed her, it doesn’t restore spent stamina. She simply needs rest.”
“Heh, a shame she ain’t a drinker – I’d raise a flagon in her name for the show,” Drake
remarked with a broad grin as she looked over the serpent. “But we got the treasure and a
helluva tale. I’d call it a good day! Now, let’s get back to the ship! Sun’s setting and we need
to celebrate!”
Martha looked over. “Would you like me to carry her, Master?” she offered.
Ren paused, then nodded. “Thanks,” he replied. “I’d do it myself but, uh… still kinda shaky
on my feet.” He could feel his legs starting to buckle from the Shielder’s weight. Despite
barely exerting himself physically, he was still recovering.
The Rider gave an amused smile. “I understand,” she said, reaching over and picking up
Mash in her arms with no more effort than cradling a child. With that, they began making
their way toward the shore.
Joan had been last to leave. Staring hard at the corpse of the serpent, countless thoughts
flitted through her mind. Answers to questions and questions to answers, all murky and
unclear. What she had seen, what she felt… there was no way for her to put it into words. The
only thing that remained was a frustration that boiled over deep in her heart.
“Damnit,” she muttered before leaving to catch up with the others.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story of the background lore, check the Discord!
You'll get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/8t7ugaMyyR

Chapter 122: Euryale
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

New dangers, new friends.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Romani leaned back in his chair with a heavy sigh.
It was the day after the disastrous expedition for the second artifact. Things had been beyond
frantic: Ritsuka and Mash both going missing, leaving everyone scrambling to find them,
only for them to show up a good distance away, where they had been attacked by a serpent
the entire time – the self-same serpent as the one that had harassed them back in the storm.
The doctor had been beside himself with worry. He had been monitoring their vitals like a
hawk, gauging their readings for any clue as to their circumstances. Stress levels,
introduction of foreign substances or pathogens, anything. They ultimately proved unhelpful,
and they were only found once Ritsuka finally managed to get into contact with everyone.
The bedraggled, soaked appearance of the girl and the absolute terror in her expression sent
cold chills down his spine, and the pit in his stomach grew even further when she reported
Mash was in trouble. If he could leap through the monitors to join them in the singularity, he
would have. As it was, all he could do was watch anxiously.
His fingers rapped on his coffee mug as he stared up at the ceiling. He never spoke much
with the girl before everything happened, admittedly. He didn’t recall anything particular
about her in her checkups save her rather high rayshift compatibility. While they saw each
other a couple times, they never had much reason to talk.
Then Olga suddenly announced Ritsuka was to be added to Team A, catching everyone off
guard. He certainly hadn’t expected that and didn’t even have time to do a last checkup. From
what he saw, she seemed just as surprised, but equal parts nervous and excited to be added.
He recalled applauding politely yet happily for her.
Roman glanced over at the monitor again as it showed her vitals. While her readings were
normal, her heartbeat was rapid and her stress levels were concerningly high. Reaching over
to his keyboard, he took a few notes for their next checkup and session when she returned.
He couldn’t help but wonder if the director had saved her from the bombing only to doom her
to a mission that was much greater than she had been prepared for.

“Up already, Romani?”
The doctor started in surprise as Da Vinci stepped over, her ever-present smile warm yet
teasing as she bore a plate of food. “I had thought you would still be asleep at this time,” she
remarked. “Or more likely still watching that virtual idol of yours.”
He chuckled ruefully. “It was tempting,” he admitted. “But there’s still a lot to do. Ren
reassured me that both Ritsuka and Mash were okay, and their readings confirmed that, but I
need to check up on them after they wake up. Make sure there aren’t any side effects.”
The genius nodded in understanding. “Both the ragazza and dear Mash certainly have been
through quite a bit,” she agreed as she set the doctor’s breakfast beside him. “That serpent
was rather tenace from what I’ve seen.”
Roman quietly nodded. They had watched the fight between Mash and the serpent. He almost
screamed at them when the group didn’t jump in to help, with only the Caster stopping him
from blasting their ears. After all, he had seen what the serpent could do back on the ship and
how easily it had dealt with Mash then. She shouldn’t have been able to defeat it.
And yet, he watched with amazement as the Shielder fought with a ferocity he hadn’t seen
from her before. To pick a fight like that was irrational, something Mash would’ve learned
and trained all her life to avoid. Yet she had done so anyway and, despite all evidence she
should have lost, somehow emerged victorious.
He couldn’t help but think back to that little girl, dressed in just a lab gown, sitting on the bed
and staring up at him with blank eyes. Someone so utterly innocent, human yet inhuman,
lacking even the tiniest bit of agency for herself. Had she truly grown so much when he
hadn’t been looking?
The doctor couldn’t help but feel the tiniest bit proud yet conflicted by the realization.
Suddenly the main monitor flickered and sprung to life as the smiling face of Ren appeared.
“Morning, doc,” he cheerfully greeted. “Morning, Da Vinci.”
“Buongiorno, ragazzo,” Da Vinci chirped, her smile widening. “Have you slept well?”
“Not as much as I’d like,” he chuckled. “I already slept a lot of yesterday away so I ended up
waking up early. Even Morgana’s still asleep right now, as are the girls.”
“That’s understandable,” Roman replied. “But try to take it easy for now. So far, we’re not
reading any other anomalies or hostiles but with singularities, that can change in an instant.”
“Never a dull moment around here, huh?” the Phantom Thief joked.
“Indeed not,” the genius agreed with a small laugh of her own as she leaned up against the
desk. “Though it is taking longer than we’d like to get to the bottom of this massive bounded
field.”
Ren nodded. “You think so too, huh?” he mused. “I was about to ask Medea to see if there’s a
way to expedite the process. There probably isn’t, but it’s worth a shot. I’m not sure we can

take another eventful expedition like that again.”
Roman shuddered. “Avoiding that would be preferable,” he agreed with a pained smile.
Another situation where the Masters and Mash go missing so soon would probably give him
a heart attack at this rate. “According to my readings, your vitals are all looking good at least.
Do you need any more supplies or medical equipment?”
“We should be-“ Ren began, then he looked off in surprise to his side. A moment later, the
monitor flickered again and a rather exhausted looking Ritsuka popped up on call. “Good
morning to you too,” he greeted. “You sure you don’t need more sleep?”
The redhead shook her head glumly. “Wouldn’t be able to sleep even a wink more right now,”
she muttered. “Gonna have nightmares for a while. Stupid snake.”
“I see,” the doctor murmured sympathetically. “If you’d like, we can send over some sleeping
aids? I’m not sure if you packed any before you were dispatched but it may help.”
“Thanks for the offer but I’m good,” she sighed, rubbing sleep from her eyes. “Last thing I
need is to be conked out because they didn’t wear off in time. Anyway, I’m guessing you guys
want a report of what happened yesterday?”
Both Roman and Da Vinci blinked in surprise. “If you could, ragazza,” the latter confirmed.
“But you don’t need to push yourself unless it’s incredibly urgent.”
“’S fine, least I can do at this point,” she muttered. With that, Ritsuka recounted what
happened after they had been teleported away from the rest of the group: the caverns they
were trapped in, the serpent, and her preparations as well as how they tried to navigate
around the creature.
“Had to use the damn knife,” she groused as she scratched at her scalp ill-temperedly.
“Could’ve just scratched an X on the wall or something. If it wasn’t for that, we could’ve at
least bought ourselves a bit more time.”
“You did what you could,” Ren reassured her. “For what it’s worth, I’d probably do something
similar. It’s better than getting lost, after all.”
“Hrm,” Ritsuka grunted out, sounding unconvinced. Ren, Roman, and Da Vinci frowned in
concern at her tone but before they could address it, she continued.
She described how the serpent had found them and they fell into the underground river,
almost drowning and saved only because Mash had dove in after her. They managed to
surface outside the caverns, and the Shielder yelled at Ritsuka to run while she held off the
serpent. And she did, giving what healing she could to Mash while scurrying away.
“Then I managed to get into contact with you guys and everyone else. The rest, you guys
saw,” she finished before turning to the side and covering her mouth with a hand as she
yawned.

For a little moment, the three were silent as they digested the information. “… That was a
very dangerous situation,” Roman finally commented. “We’re very glad and fortunate you’re
safe, Ritsuka.”
“I’ll have to see on improving the magic resistance of the Master uniforms,” Da Vinci mused.
“We can’t have such an obvious flaw. Does Medea have a recording of the teleportation
magecraft by any chance, ragazza?”
“Pretty sure she managed to record a copy of their schematics,” Ritsuka mumbled. “I’ll ask
her to send you them later.”
“But in the meantime,” Roman interjected. “Are you faring alright? You seem to be…
somewhat disgruntled? I’m sure no one would begrudge you a few more hours of sleep.”
“Some actual decent coffee and a shower is what I need,” the redhead muttered. “I’ll be fine.
Just give me a bit and I’ll be right as rain. Anyway, anything I should know?”
The three looked at one another. “We were going to ask Medea if there’s a way we can
expedite dealing with this bounded field,” Ren informed her. “While I’m always up for a
treasure hunt, we’re taking a while as is and these expeditions aren’t getting much safer, after
all.”
“That so?” Ritsuka mumbled. “I’ll take care of it. I have to report to her how her items
worked out anyway. They were lifesavers and I gotta thank her for them.”
Ren nodded. “Alright then,” he accepted easily. “In the meantime, want me to whip you up
some coffee, at least?”
The girl let out a very long, tired sigh. “… Sure,” she finally relented. “Taste or not, I need
my caffeine fix.”
The Phantom Thief chuckled. “I know how that feels,” he replied. “I’ll catch you later,
Roman, Da Vinci!”
“Take care, ragazzo!” Da Vinci cheerfully answered. The screens went dark a moment later,
leaving the two alone.
The genius crossed her arms. “It seems the ragazza is taking the last expedition poorly” she
noted. “She is rather out of sorts compared to her normal self.”
Roman sighed. “Yeah, seems like it,” he admitted as he began typing more notes into her file.
“There’s a lot to chat about in our next session, I can say that much.”
“You wish to bypass the bounded field’s defenses directly?”
Inside the workshop, the two artifacts floated in the air above a magic circle where Medea
stood in the middle. They had been surrendered to her as soon as they arrived back on the
ship, where she had spent the entire night analyzing and dissecting the magecraft woven into
them.

Now it hosted Ren, Morgana, and Ritsuka – something she wasn’t especially amused by.
While the sanctity and privacy of workshops was determined by the magus and
circumstances, she usually preferred to be left alone. She hoped it would at least be a
productive conversation.
“That’d be the gist of it,” Ritsuka confirmed, her hands in her pockets as the witch pored over
the two artifacts. “Like you saw, the chances we’ll die before getting through is pretty high.
Resistance is way tougher than we thought it would be, so we’re hoping for some kinda way
around this mess if we can get it.”
The Caster frowned slightly in annoyance at first, then as she looked over at the artifacts, it
became one of consideration. Instead of immediately answering, a sheaf of her notes drifted
past Ren and Morgana into her hands.
“Under more normal circumstances, I would argue with that kind of logic,” she murmured as
she studied them carefully, to the curiosity of the Masters. “However…”
Raising a hand and waving it over the two, a thread of faint blue light appeared and
connected the artifacts. She then pointed at the uncut gems sitting in a box nearby. They
levitated into the air and flew into the thread of light. As each one entered the thread, the light
became brighter and more solid. “Hm… perhaps…” she hummed.
“You got something we can work with?” Ren asked, staring curiously at the configuration
Medea had set up.
“… I believe I may be able to commune with the spirit of Poseidon,” she slowly answered.
Her frown deepened as all three of them straightened in surprise. “It is currently premature
for me to say for certain,” she added. “While his power rests heavily within these artifacts, it
is only barely enough. Even for an elder priest, communing with the gods is not something
one did lightly.”
“Sounds about right for gods,” Morgana muttered with no small amount of annoyance.
“Anything we can do to make it easier for you?”
Medea turned back to the artifacts and observed them as they shifted into different patterns
and shapes, the glowing lines shifting and trembling with each motion. “The process requires
a ritual,” she explained. “And for that preparations must be made. Bear in mind, however,
that it is no solution – you of all people are aware of how fickle the gods are.”
Ren grinned ruefully as Morgana and Ritsuka shuddered. The hunts Artemis had sent them
on were still fresh on their minds. “We got that part,” he replied. “What do you need?
Anything we can help with?”
“A sacrifice needs to be prepared,” the witch elaborated. “Flesh and offerings from an
animal, the greater the better. If we could find ground consecrated solely to Poseidon, that
would be ideal. I prefer not being directly in his domain during the communion. As for the
rest… I shall handle myself.”

Ritsuka blinked several times. “Wait, that’s it?” she asked, surprised. “I thought rituals were
typically a lot more complicated than that, especially if you wanted to call a god.”
“That is because there is very little we can prepare,” Medea stated as she trailed another line
of light between two gems. “Communing with the gods is straightforward – they were always
listening, even if you believed they weren’t. Especially if you believed they weren’t.
“However, begging a favor of the gods is an entirely different matter,” she continued as she
stepped toward a workstation. “Kings would gather great sacrifices and tributes for them.
Entire processions dedicated to their worship would be formed on their holy grounds. All
flattery so they would bestow their blessings – and no matter how grand it all was, there was
still no guarantee of success.”
Grabbing a shell and some leaves, she tossed them into a pestle and began grinding them up.
“And now we are asking him for permission to bypass such an intricate protection for our
personal reasons,” she concluded. “There is every possibility he may take offense and send
endless storms and monsters at us instead. It is a method fraught with peril.”
The Caster looked back up at the three, who were silently considering what she had said.
“Now that I’ve told you this, do you still wish to proceed?” she asked.
Ren was silent for a moment, then he looked over to Morgana with a smirk. “You thinking
what I’m thinking?” he asked.
Morgana matched his friend’s grin. “Told ya we were gonna settle the score,” he chuckled.
“Come on! I saw some fishing rods near the top deck!”The two dashed out the door in their
eagerness, leaving both Medea and Ritsuka staring in their direction, nonplussed.
“Um…” Ritsuka cleared her throat to regain her composure. “I’ll ask Drake and David to
look for some land nearby. Don’t suppose you need anything else from us in the meantime?”
The Caster let out a small, tired sigh. What was the modern saying? Boys will be boys. “That
shall not be necessary, Master,” she answered before tossing the ground up contents of the
pestle into the formation. They floated into the lines of magical energy like metal to magnets,
causing them to spark and intensify. “I will inform you if this changes.”
The redhead nodded. “Sounds good,” she stated simply. “In that case, we’ll see you in a bit.”
With that, she stepped out of the workshop at a more sedate pace than the others, closing the
door behind her as she did so and allowing the bounded fields to seal the room once more.
Medea let out a small breath as the ever familiar, comfortable silence pervaded her workshop
once more. Lifting a hand, she summoned one of the artifacts to her. She held a finger over
one of the sapphire eyes of the hippocampus and observed carefully as the gem began
glowing.
How long had it been since she had communed with the gods? Calling upon their authorities
for her magecraft was one thing, but directly contacting them was another. Even as a student
of Hecate and her wealth of power, she was leery of doing so. They too often brought
prosperity or ruin at a mere whim of theirs.

Her nostrils flared slightly as old memories crept in. She, of all people, knew far too well.
Still, if it was what their Masters wished, then she would fulfill her obligations. Her duty –
and what semblance of honor she had still – demanded no less.
With a wave of her hand, the artifact floated back into the formation. It shimmered and
suddenly, the lines of arcane energy became far more brilliant as the gemstone eyes shone
brightly in the dim light of the workshop. The divinity of Poseidon now resounded much
more powerfully than before.
The witch allowed herself a small smirk of satisfaction.
The skies were overcast as the ritual was set up. The Golden Hind was anchored some
distance away while the Chaldeans had rowed ashore on a landing boat. While Siegfried and
Martha set up a perimeter, the Masters went with Medea to provide whatever support was
necessary. The captain had been about to join them when the witch insisted that she stayed.
“This ritual is not meant for anyone but those absolutely necessary,” she stated bluntly. “Any
more may incur Poseidon’s wrath – and as a sailor, you know better than I what that means
for you and your crew.”
Drake hadn’t been amused by the Caster’s warning, but she nevertheless stayed aboard.
David had managed to find an island some distance away from where they had been sailing.
It was incredibly tiny, to the point where it took a mere half an hour to walk its
circumference, with its only point of interest being a plateau that rose around the center,
providing a spectacular view of the endless blue expanse of the seas.
Ren and Mash hauled the gigantic tuna the former managed to fish up. “Think Poseidon will
think like it?” he called out cheerfully, his magic circuits glowing green as he reinforced his
body to help carry the massive fish.
Medea glanced over. “It is not as grand as a beast of the depths, but given your reverence, it
shall be appreciated nevertheless,” she replied, a twinge of amusement dancing on her lips.
Both Ren and Morgana had been beside themselves with delight when they came across a
school of tuna and did everything they could to catch one – and to their credit, they both had
landed one each, with the former’s catch being the larger one by a slight margin. They
decided to offer the larger one, keeping the smaller one for themselves.
“I can’t wait for some fatty tuna~!” the catlike being cheered. His eyes were practically
gleaming in pure excitement and anticipation. “I know we shouldn’t rush this but oh man!”
“Is it really that good?” Mash inquired. “I’ve read a bit about Japanese cuisines but nothing
specific about fatty tuna.”
“Apparently it makes for really good sushi,” Ritsuka supplied with a shrug as she eyed the
tuna. While she heard tunas could be massive, actually seeing one in person compared to

herself was a different matter entirely. “I wouldn’t know though – it’s got a hefty price tag
where I’m from.”
“It’s not cheap in Japan either,” the Phantom Thief laughed. “But yeah, it’s great. The fat
makes it practically melt in your mouth. Combined with its natural umami goodness and it’s
just fantastic. I don’t think I’ll ever like it as much as Morgana, but he’s not understating how
good it is.”
As they conversed, the ritual was quickly set. With Medea’s magecraft, an altar and braziers
were crafted in the middle of a magic circle she had sketched out. The tuna was laid out on
the former as the latter were set ablaze with a whispered word from the Caster. Lifting her
staff, the artifacts and uncut gems floated in the air and blazed to life as lines of divine energy
linked them once again.
Suddenly, the sound of wind became muted. In contrast, the crashing waves on the shore
below increased in intensity, albeit they seemed almost distant and echoed all around them.
The magic circle began glowing faintly at first with a deep, shimmering blue, and steadily
brightened. The light seared into their eyes, making it difficult to see as the others stood back.
Yet throughout it all, the witch was unmoved. “Poseidon, hear your humble servant,” she
chanted, dropping into the tongue of gods and divinity. “Accept this offering as I beseech
your presence and beg for an audience.”
Raising her staff, the tuna floated into the air and began lowering into the brazier. As soon as
the flames touched it, they immediately turned azure blue. The offering dissolved into ashes
almost immediately yet instead of smoke, sea spray suffused into the air, its scent far more
overpowering and intense than anything they had experienced while sailing.
The formation above the altar glowed even more brightly and seawater began coalescing
around it. It flowed and shifted, mercurial and temperamental. Medea’s expression didn’t
change as an overwhelming – yet familiar – presence made itself known. It filled the area
around her, bearing down with its sheer power and might. Yet still she stood undaunted.
Flashes of visions flowed through her mind – the tranquil open waters, waves crashing on
rocks, the lashing storms and winds. She blinked, and she saw schools of fish flitting through
sunlit waters, predators gliding and cutting through the oceans, scavengers prowling the
shoals and reefs, and unknown leviathans ponderously floating through the dark depths.
Then it all faded away, and the witch once more was standing in the glowing circle. The
presence was still there, vast and powerful. She could feel her heart hammering hard against
her ribs as terror and awe filled every fiber of her being. Despite having done this several
times, it was something she could never get used to.
Still, she discarded the thought. He heard her prayer and accepted her offering. He was
listening.
‘My lord, there is an isle here that lies under your protection,’ she silently prayed. ‘Your
humble servant wishes to access it, so that we may inquire to the truths within and set right
the natural order of the world and restore your dominion.’

The waters that pooled around the formation shifted more intensely, their splashes echoing
like the crashes of myriad spears. Medea could feel her robes being pulled to and fro, as
though they were being battered by an ocean current. The air around her seemed to darken,
though whether in anger or consideration she didn’t dare to guess.
Her vision flashed again. She beheld a great storm as the Golden Hind sailed toward a great
being made of water, Drake at the prow roaring and laughing through the sheets of rain with
her pistols drawn. The ridiculous sight almost caused the witch to lapse in her focus, yet there
was no mistaking it: the captain had fought against Poseidon, and it was clear he hadn’t
forgotten that.
Then the sky cleared up and she was suddenly hurtled across the open waters at a dizzying
speed. A vast island now lay before her, much akin to the other ones they had explored. Then
she thrown forward and into a hole leading underground. Speeding through, the Caster
watched the rough cave walls turning into carved blocks as she was dragged through
countless turns and twists.
Finally, she saw two beings, cast in shadow. One was much larger than the other, almost
dwarfing it in comparison. It turned toward the hurtling Medea and rushed toward her, its
ravenous maw opening to consume her wholeAnd suddenly, she was back in the circle again. Taking a shaky breath, she could feel the
beads of sweat gathering on her forehead and tracing down her neck. Visions from the gods
were rarely so obvious, yet this one was perhaps the clearest one she had seen even when she
had been alive. It still left her with questions, yet she couldn’t ask. Not without the possibility
of annoying the god.
‘Your will be done, my lord,’ she whispered, lowering her head in supplication. ‘Will you
guide us to our destination?’
The air shifted again, almost lightening at the question. A single uncut gem floated free from
the formation and began glowing. It morphed as it slowly floated downward until it finally
rested on the altar, as though in invitation.
Medea slowly approached and gently picked it up. The uncut gem was now a perfect sphere,
small enough to fit in the palm of her hand. It was transparent, showing it was completely
filled with seawater. Within a shimmering emerald horse floated in the center, unmoved by
gravity. Tilting it slightly, she observed the horse face the same direction regardless of
movement and immediately gleaned the tool’s purpose.
Once more she bowed her head. ‘My thanks, lord Poseidon,’ she whispered. ‘We shall set
forth with all speed and fulfill your bidding.’ The air lightened further, as though the presence
was satisfied with her obeisance.
The formation slowly lowered back down onto the altar as the presence’s power dwindled.
The seawater enveloping it splashed away as the glow faded, leaving the rest of the uncut
gems and the two artifacts laying innocuously on the platform. The magical energy of the
circle ebbed away, leaving behind nothing but the carvings. The azure flames flickered, then
turned a bright orange once again.

And in a moment, it was gone. The sound of waves was distant again, far below the hill, as a
breeze whistled through. Medea surreptitiously reached up and wiped away the sweat. That
had gone far better than she had expected. Good.
“So, I’m guessing we got what we needed?”
The witch looked up to see her Masters warily approaching. Ren’s eyes were red as he
scanned the area – most likely seeking out any traces of the god remaining, corporeal or
incorporeal. “We have,” she confirmed, holding up the compass. “This shall lead us to our
destination. However, be aware that our trials are not yet over.”
“Nothing’s ever easy with Greek gods, is it?” Ritsuka sighed. “Was Poseidon at least a bit
more forthcoming or helpful than Artemis?”
Medea’s lips curled in a humorless smile. “It is rare that the gods are straightforward – and
this proves to be no exception,” she stated. “The bounded field protects a great island and
residing within are two beings who may prove hostile to us. We are to make our way there
and deal with them as necessary.”
“Sounds easy,” Morgana mused, crossing his paws. “Too easy. Anything about the Grail?”
“No, nor did I deem it a suitable time to ask,” the Caster replied, her eyes flicking over to the
catlike being underneath her hood. “There was much risk he would turn his wrath on us
should I press for information. It would’ve been unwise, to put it bluntly.”
“Well, we do have a habit of annoying gods,” Ren remarked with a grin as his eyes returned
to normal. “If everything’s settled, then we should get back to the ship. We got a destination
and a meal to prep – a productive day, if you ask me.”
Morgana’s eyes widened. “The fatty tuna!” he cried. “Come on, we gotta go! If it goes bad
before I get even a single slice, I’m going to take it out on all of you!”
The Phantom Thief laughed at his best friend’s insatiable hunger. “We definitely don’t want
that,” he agreed before following him down the hill.
Ritsuka turned back to Medea. “Anything else we need to do here? Cleanup or follow-ups?”
she asked. “Or are we good to go?”
Medea stared at the redhead for a moment, then shook her head. “The ritual is finished, nor is
there anything else that needs to be done save for cleaning,” she answered. With a wave of
her hand, the braziers extinguished themselves and the soot dissipated, followed by a fresh
wind that blew away any dirt and dust that had gotten in.
She decided not to disassemble the altar. An extra bit of flattery and reverence toward
Poseidon never hurt.
The girl raised an eyebrow at the spell making quick work of said cleaning. “Huh,” she
grunted. “Sounds good to me. Come on, let’s hurry back to the ship before the others devour
the tuna.”

“Of course,” Medea agreed. She watched as Ritsuka turned to leave. The girl’s eyes had
become… dull since the other day. Her children had similar ones before: Despondency over
their failures, accompanied by brooding and sulking. It seemed her expedition weighed
heavily on her Master despite her preparations and all due caution.
She shook her head. The girl truly was inexperienced compared to the other Masters. It
would almost be adorable in its childishness if it didn’t pose a liability to their mission.
Still, she dismissed the thought from her mind as she made her way down as well. That
wasn’t her problem. If she ultimately proved to be unreliable and a hindrance, then the other
Masters simply needed to pick up the slack. They couldn’t afford to coddle her, not at this
crucial juncture, and she had no desire to either.
And besides, as the Golden Hind came into view once again, she had other issues that needed
to be addressed.
“Huh. Had a hunch but wasn’t sure that was the case.”
The captain’s cabin was rather crowded – Drake sat at the head of the table while the
Chaldeans had taken the other seats. A large platter was set out in the center, with the tuna
sliced up into sashimi carefully and tastefully arranged on top. Despite the large crowd, there
was more than enough for everyone.
“Indeed,” Medea replied. “Poseidon has not forgotten your defiance or the Grail you had
taken from him. It is fortunate that he has not visited greater retribution on you and yours.”
Drake grinned broadly. “Let him try,” she boomed. “Sounds like a helluva adventure to me!
And if he’s hoarding even more loot as good as the Grail here, then all the better!” She
laughed heartily as she picked up another slice of tuna with a pair of chopsticks (that she had
somehow mastered about a minute after learning of their existence) and gulped it down with
relish.
“Maybe that wouldn’t be wise,” Mash pointed out nervously. “Directly challenging a Greek
god always led to severe consequences for everyone involved. Perhaps, as a sailor, it would
be better to venerate him a bit more…?”
“What, don’t tell me you’re turning lily-livered now,” the captain guffawed. “And here I
thought you might’ve showed a bit more pluck after yesterday, o’ mighty serpent strangler!”
The Shielder squeaked as Ritsuka choked on her rice. “Pl-please don’t call me that!” she
yelped. “I-I merely managed to slay it, n-nothing more! And certainly not b-by
strangulation!”
“Aye, whatever you say, serpent strangler,” Drake remarked, her grin unwavering. The
nickname was already making its rounds around the crew and nobody hesitated to call her
that, much to the Shielder’s embarrassment.

Ren, who was smiling with amusement, glanced over to Medea and mentally connected with
her. ‘So do we have to be wary of Poseidon, then?’ he asked. ‘I don’t think you told the
captain the full story.’
‘I didn’t,’ the Caster confirmed. ‘We are well past the Age of the Gods. He would have long
since retreated to the Reverse Side of the World at this point. What we have encountered are
merely echoes and lingering aspects he can connect to, no more. The risk he poses now is…
far less than during my time.’
‘Good to know,’ Ren mused, thoughtfully munching on a slice of sashimi. ‘But I’m guessing
you want us to keep our guard up regardless?’
‘I need not remind you again the spitefulness of the gods,’ she admonished, a note of
impatience creeping in her voice. ‘His power may have considerably waned, but he can still
interfere at the most inopportune moment. Being so flippant will only make things more
difficult.’
‘Duly noted,’ Ren casually replied, sensing the witch’s irritation increase further. “I’m kind of
surprised we’re having this tuna all to ourselves,” he remarked out loud. “Pretty sure there’s
enough for the crew to have at least a bite or two.”
“Most sailors can’t stomach raw fish,” Drake pointed out. “Lotta worms and other parasites
in ‘em that only a good fire can purge. They don’t keep well unless prepped properly, and
they’re harder to catch than you think. On the sea, ya typically only eat fish raw if you got
just about nothin’ else.”
“It’s true,” Siegfried remarked. “I have had companions who have eaten undercooked fish
before. Suffice it to say, they did not make the same mistake afterward should they survive
the ordeal. We thank you, Medea, for your purifications.” The Caster simply nodded slightly
in acknowledgement.
“Aye,” the captain agreed with an amused grin. “They’d turn their nose up to this feast, which
means more for us!” She laughed loudly as she tipped her chair back and raised her goblet of
wine. “To you and your foreign cuisine! May the boys always leave it for us to enjoy!” With
that toast, she happily drained her cup.
Morgana, meanwhile, was sitting on the table, happily eating his slices of sashimi. Taking his
time savoring each one, he held onto his cheeks as he meowed his bliss. “Oh, fatty tuna~” he
breathed. “How I missed you! It’s been so long~! And it’s so fresh too! I don’t think we’ve
had anything like this in Japan!”
Despite her moodiness, Ritsuka managed to smile a bit in amusement. “I think you’re
blushing,” she pointed out. “I didn’t even think cats could blush. It’s really that good, huh?”
“How couldn’t I?! This is divine!” he cried as he finally gulped down his current mouthful.
“You see what I mean, right?!”
The redhead pursed her lips, then shrugged. “It’s alright,” she honestly stated. “I think it’d be
better if there was soy sauce or wasabi though.”

The catlike being froze in the middle of grabbing yet another slice, then slowly turned toward
Ritsuka as the air around him suddenly turned colder. “What did you say?” he whispered.
The girl’s eyes widened in alarm as Morgana’s gaze pierced straight through her. “A-am I not
supposed to do it like that?” she stammered, almost crawling up her seat as the accuser
slowly turned toward her. “I-I’m sorry, I didn’t know! Honest!”
“I know,” Morgana replied curtly. “Which is why I’m not immediately accusing you of being
so uncultured. I’m going to teach you the finer points of how to appreciate fatty tuna, and you
will be grateful for the heavenly flavors it will bestow on you!”
Further down the table, away from the rest of the table as they laughed in amusement, Joan
sat picking at her food. Under normal circumstances, she would’ve at least tried genuinely
trying it, but it didn’t matter right now – it all tasted like ash in her mouth. And the sounds of
revelry nearby wasn’t helping her mood in the slightest.
Abruptly she stood up. “Not much of an appetite,” she stated simply without bothering to
look at them. “Thank you for the food. I’ll go keep watch on deck.”
Without waiting for a response or answer, she stalked out of the captain’s cabin. The cool
breeze of the sea splashed over her face, contrasting sharply with the warmth inside. She took
a deep breath, the now-familiar smell of the salty sea filling her nose. It was both relaxing yet
nauseating, her senses sharpening from the threat associated with the ocean.
The Lancer huffed as she walked down the deck. Not like she would ever get used to the sea.
The sound of footsteps approaching from behind her, soft yet deliberate on the deck, alerted
her. She sighed aridly. “Don’t you have other shit to do, Ren Amamiya?” she growled
without bothering to turn.
“Oh, um… I just wanted to see how you were.”
Joan turned in surprise at the stammered answer to face Mash. “It’s not like you to simply
leave a mealtime so abruptly,” she explained. “Was the sashimi upsetting for your stomach,
perhaps? I’m fairly certain I packed some stomach medications in case of indigestion…”
“Wha-no, it’s not indigestion,” she quickly replied. “Just… wasn’t in the mood for food was
all. What about you though? You looked like you were enjoying yourself.”
The Shielder smiled ruefully. “Yes, but truth be told there is still a lot of fish,” she admitted.
“I do believe we will need your assistance to finish them all.”
The Lancer couldn’t help but chuckle a bit. “What, so between Ren, Siegfried, and the
captain, you guys couldn’t polish that fish off?” she pointed out with a grin. “Drake was right
– you do suck at lying.”
Mash immediately flushed in embarrassment. “W-well, it was, um, just, um…!” she
immediately stammered. Joan’s grin widened at the reaction. She understood a bit better why
Ren and Loki liked to tease people so much - the reaction was rather amusing.

Finally, she sighed in defeat. “I simply wished to see how you were doing,” she confessed.
“Though perhaps I’m overstepping my boundaries…?”
The amusement quickly faded from the Lancer’s face. “That right?” she muttered, running a
hand through her hair. Annoyance seeped into her mind. The Shielder had been taking on
more and more aspects of Amamiya, it seemed – including being nosy. Was she not entitled
to her own privacy and solace anymore? Bitter words crept to the tip of her tongue, ready to
drive her awayThen she stopped as Mash’s fight the other day flashed in her mind. The very reason for her
current thoughts was right in front of her. How did this innocent girl change so much in the
last few days? No – change was too simple a word. She remembered how the Shielder was
strangely stubborn and insistent on her taking more rations. Maybe that aspect had always
been there?
Joan’s gaze traveled to the girl’s waist, where her sword used to hang in its scabbard. Was
this Amamiya’s work yet again?
She looked out over the sea, organizing her thoughts. There were many questions she wanted
to ask, each one feeling just as relevant as the last. But one question swiftly overtook the
others, one more important than anything she could ever ask.
“Why did you do it?”
Mash blinked several times. “Pardon?” she inquired.
“Why did you fight the serpent?” the Lancer repeated without turning toward her. “You know
damn well you had no chance against it. Back on the ship, I couldn’t even make a damn
scratch on it, and I heard later on you were just knocked away. Hell, you went into the fight
battered and tired. Yet you fought anyway – and even won.”
Finally, she turned and stared the Shielder directly in the eye. “Running would’ve been smart.
Holding out I can understand,” she continued. “So why did you fight? Was it something in
the sword, like a hypnotism magecraft? Or something like what that bastard Loki did…. Or
like I did… that causes madness? Was it that-”
“Stop.”
Joan paused, the pointedness in the unassuming girl cutting her off. “Please, don’t speak
about senpai’s gift like that,” Mash immediately shot back, her expression serious. “It was
nothing of the sort.”
The clear edge in the Shielder’s tone took the Lancer aback. “…fine, it’s not that,” Joan
relented. “But what is it then? What kind of mystery was it?”
Mash didn’t immediately answer. Holding out her hand, the sword appeared in her palm as
easily as her shield did. “… there was no mystery,” she softly answered. “At least, none that
senpai placed on it. He told me it was a tool to help attain what I want when I finally found it.
I didn’t ask for any details.”

The Lancer frowned as she crossed her arms, observing the sun shining off the blade. No,
Amamiya wasn’t the type to deliberately place someone under an enchantment unless it was
absolutely necessary. Even she had to admit that much. As far as she could tell, it was no
more than a good sword, much like her own blade. Yet the reverence the Shielder stared at
the Phantom Thief’s gift…
What was she missing?
“So did you find it?” Joan suddenly asked. “What you wanted? You drew the blade for a
reason, right?”
For a moment, Mash didn’t answer as she stared at the sword contemplatively. “I… I think
so,” she whispered. “I was wondering if I was content hiding behind Ren-senpai. As a demiServant, I could simply follow his lead and commands. Protecting him wouldn’t even be
greatly necessary as he could very well protect himself. He is capable of much, after all.
But…”
Her words trailed off. The Lancer raised an eyebrow. “… but?” she prompted.
A small, shy smile spread across the Shielder’s face. “But I don’t think that’s what I want,”
she continued. “At least, not anymore. I wish to fight alongside Ren-senpai – not just as a
demi-Servant of Chaldea, but as an equal partner and friend. Someone he can trust his back
to, no matter how dire the circumstances.”
Joan stared wordlessly at Mash. “… that’s it?” she inquired. “That’s… that’s all you wanted?
Or decided?”
The Shielder was taken aback by the question. “W-well, I believe so,” she stammered. “Is
that… is that not enough? Or am I asking for too much?”
“It’s… it’s…” the Lancer sputtered out. Was it really that simple? Honestly, she thought
Mash had decided on that goal long ago - she always seemed to follow Amamiya like an
imprinted puppy. But hearing it spoken out loud and without reservation was vastly different
than she had expected. It held a strength that reverberated in the hollowness of her heart.
Where did that leave her? Should she follow Amamiya’s lead as well? Immediately, her
stomach lurched at the mere thought. No, she couldn’t. At least, not right now. Her next
thought was of the saint, still at Chaldea – and she scowled at that idea as well. The idea of
attaching herself to anyone felt utterly abhorrent, no matter who it was.
She resisted the urge to smash her fist on the railing. Figures it wouldn’t be that easy.
“Um… Joan?” Mash ventured. “Are you okay? Perhaps you’d like to talk about it?”
Joan glared at the Shielder, then sighed. Lashing out at the girl wasn’t going to help. It never
did. “Not much to talk about,” she admitted, her body sagging in exhaustion. “Still just trying
to find what I wanna do. Good that you’re able to find something so soon – though it’s not
something I want, so can’t do that.”

Mash frowned slightly in thought as her sword vanished in her hands. “It’s a rather simple
goal, I’ll admit,” she murmured. “But it’s the first time I wanted something like this. I… I
don’t think it’s wrong for me to have such a desire, is it?”
“Why are you asking me?” the Lancer asked acidly, her scowl deepening as she turned back
toward the sea. “As far as I’m concerned, any goal is better than none at this point. If it gives
you something to work towards, then isn’t that enough for you?”
A contemplative silence filled air as the Shielder nodded slowly. “That… makes sense,” she
murmured. “I hadn’t considered it like that before. Thank you very much for your wisdom,
Joan.”
“… Not much wisdom to that,” Joan grumbled in response. “Just thought it was kind of
obvious.”
“Perhaps,” Mash agreed with a small smile. “But it is good to have a reminder nevertheless.
In the meantime, are you certain you don’t wish to have more sashimi? There is still plenty
left and I doubt we’ll be able to have any more for quite some time.”
The Lancer scowled again, then it turned into a frown of consideration. “Fine, I’ll come back
after a bit and have some more,” she sighed. “Not sure why you guys are all going so crazy
about it. It just tastes weird and slimy to me. I’d rather have my porridge than that… mess
any day.”
The Shielder giggled. “Then perhaps Morgana-senpai could teach you how to appreciate the
tuna properly,” she suggested with a tone of clear amusement. “His lecture with Ritsuka
senpai was incredibly thorough about its finer points.”
“I’d rather go spearfishing,” she deadpanned. Mash couldn’t help but giggle again in
response.
After the Shielder went back to the captain’s cabin, Joan was once more left on the prow by
herself. Her frustration had cooled somewhat, leaving her contemplative. “Any goal’s better
than none, huh?” she murmured to herself. It was something she spouted in the heat of the
moment, but it nevertheless rolled in her mind. Was it ultimately that simple?
Shaking her head, she got up and began making her way back. Perhaps she should take her
own advice after all.
Guided by Poseidon’s compass, the voyage had been relatively uneventful. The seas were
smooth and calm, with only a few clouds in the sky. According to David, the horizon was
clear as far as he could see, with nothing untoward either natural or unnatural approaching.
Nothing beset them except perhaps the tediousness of boredom.
Then, as they were sailing across what seemed to be a stretch of open water, a mist suddenly
lifted up from nowhere and shrouded everything from view. They could barely see anything
in front of their eyes. “Man the guns, every hand stay at two abreast!” Drake called out,
pulling out her pistol as she warily looked about.

“I’m guessing this is the bounded field,” Ren commented lightly as he drew his own gun.
Medea, who stood beside the helmsman, nodded tersely. “Undoubtedly,” she murmured. In
the silence of the mist, even her whisper felt far too loud. “While Poseidon isn’t known for
subtlety, he could be tricky from time to time. Be wary of anything.”
The ship sailed on in silence. In the distance, they could all hear great splashes of water and
the cries of unseen sea creatures. Each time they tensed up, their grips on their weapons
tightening. Ren quietly watched the mist with his Third Eye while Medea scanned the area
around them for any threats.
Then just as quickly as it arrived, the mist suddenly fell away and vanished - and now in front
of them was the great island Medea had been shown. It was much like the others, save for the
size: Sandy coast that became rocky shoals and rising into cliffs, forests beyond that slowly
ascended into hills. There was no sign of any monsters – though it was likely they simply hid
in their lairs.
“Right, stay on your toes!” Drake called out as she stowed away her pistol. “Don’t want
anything ambushing us from behind!”
“Aye aye!” the crew chorused as they returned to their tasks, though they kept a watchful eye
on the surrounding waters.
The Chaldeans meanwhile quickly decided who was to be sent on this expedition. Once
more, the Caster would be remaining on the Golden Hind to maintain its protections as well
as monitor the situation. Martha was also staying with Tarrasque patrolling the waters
underneath the ship; the mist had made everyone uneasy about possible hostile sea creatures.
For the Masters, Ritsuka volunteered to stay behind. “I’m not really up for being
underground again. My hands are still shaking,” she explained with a rueful laugh, showing
them to emphasize her point. “I’ll keep Martha and Medea topped up and stay in contact with
Chaldea. They probably had enough scares yesterday, I think.”
“Yeah, I get that,” Morgana replied, nodding sympathetically. “Take it easy today, Ritsuka.
We’ll see if we can snag some souvenirs for ya!”
“Medea’s chilled the leftover tuna, last I checked,” Ren added. “So your lunch is covered.
Better than the rations we’ve been having, at least.”
The redhead chuckled. “That’s not exactly a high bar to beat,” she joked. Ren and Morgana
laughed in agreement.
“Oi, you lot ready to go?” Drake called out. “If this place is even more protected than the last,
then there’s gotta be something good here!”
“That’s what you always say!” Ren yelled back with a laugh as he tapped his ear, where a
cuff wrapped around the outer cartilage. A communication mystic code similar to Ritsuka’s
earring, albeit more refined based on the feedback the girl had given the witch. ‘Check,
check,’ he mentally called out.

‘Communications stable,’ the Caster replied. Ren glanced over to Morgana, who had a silver
paw charm attached to his collar. The catlike being nodded in confirmation.
“We’re set!” the Phantom Thief answered. “Let’s get a move on! Treasure ain’t gonna collect
itself!”
The captain guffawed. “Took the words right out of my mouth!” she cried. Leaping from the
back of the ship, she landed easily in the landing craft, causing it to sway dangerously as the
ropes holding it creaked. “David, you’re coming with!” she called out as she looked up at the
crow’s nest.
The Archer’s green-haired head popped up over the side. “You don’t need me to keep watch
up here?” he yelled back.
“We’re in Poseidon’s domain with his permission, aren’t we?” she shouted. “Ain’t no safer
place for us right now! Nah, I want your boots on the ground here! The treasure here’s
promisin’, and I want more hands on deck for this one!”
David smiled resignedly. “You sure do work me hard, captain,” he replied with a note of false
exasperation. “Still, orders are orders.” With a single motion, he vaulted over the edge of the
crow’s nest and landed squarely on the deck of the Hind. Standing up, rolled his shoulders to
relieve stiffness. “It’ll be nice to tread on ground at least,” he added.
They all boarded the landing craft, with the David and the accompanying Siegfried dissolving
into spirit form to save on space. Ritsuka waved them goodbye as they were lowered into the
calm waters, and they began rowing towards the quiet, inviting shores ahead.
“How are your arms, Mash?” Ren asked, watching Mash and Joan row. “The serpent wasn’t
exactly easy on them.”
Mash glanced down at them for a moment, then smiled. “They’re fine thanks to you, senpai,”
she answered. “It must have taken you a long time for you and Morgana-senpai to learn how
to heal so effectively.”
“Not really. We just… kinda knew how to do it,” Morgana mused, resting on Ren’s lap in cat
form. “The power of persona comes from our “shadows”, our unconscious minds. The actual
mechanics work on instinct, we just give it direction.”
The Shielder’s eyes widened, and Ren could see that Joan, Drake, and even Medea through
his earpiece were paying attention. “They operated like that from the beginning?” she
inquired. “If you don’t mind me asking, how do they heal? Do they increase your body’s
natural regeneration rate, or perhaps from what El-Melloi said, they construct new cells from
magnetites?”
“Nothing that complex,” Ren quickly denied. “It’s more returning something to its “default”
state. We even have different spells to restore further and purge harmful stuff like poisons.
It’s pretty handy.”

‘Reality denial phenomena,’ Medea mused. ‘Particularly restoration based on the soul’s
blueprint. Not especially uncommon, though fiendishly difficult to utilize correctly. A mistake
and you could very well deny your own existence.’
“Lucky we don’t do it ourselves then, huh?” Ren said, his cheeky grin audible in his voice
even to the Caster.
‘You jest, but do remember the stakes,’ she sighed. ‘Your erasure would also doom humanity
and the world, so I recommend taking the matter a touch more seriously.’ The Phantom Thief
simply raised his hands in surrender with a grin in response.
Before long, they finally reached the shore. Siegfried and David reappeared and helped pull
the boat onto the beach with barely any effort before keeping watch as the others
disembarked. “See anything?” Drake called over as she approached.
The shepherd shook his head. “Everything’s clear for now,” he reported. “I didn’t notice any
hostile presences. The only thing I had noticed during your approach were seagulls but
nothing noteworthy otherwise.”
Morgana tapped the paw charm on his collar. “Medea?” he called out.
‘No signs of anything hostile,’ the witch replied as Ren slid out the compass from his pocket.
‘However, the island is saturated with magical energy – Poseidon’s protections, no doubt. I
cannot tell what kind of magecraft has been set up, nor am I confident he has allowed us to
bypass it all. Exercise caution.’
They began making their way through the forest. Siegfried and Drake were in front with Joan
and David bringing up the rear. Ren and Morgana were in the center of the formation, with
the former keeping watch with his Third Eye. Moving cautiously, they kept a careful eye on
their surroundings for signs of any traps or monsters that might ambush them.
Yet despite their caution, their trek had been rather uneventful. For all the mystery and
magical energy that abounded, there were no traps of any kind, magecraft or otherwise. The
only signs of life were the distant cries of more innocuous animals or the occasional bird that
fluttered through the treetops. Medea has been quiet as well, denoting nothing worthy of
contact.
“Huh,” the captain mused. “Guess it’s like those other islands then. Nothing until we take the
treasure, then all hell breaks loose.”
“Seems like it,” Ren agreed as he checked the compass in his hand. The arrow hadn’t
deviated from its function or the direction it was pointing in.
“We’re two for two for underground escapes so far,” Morgana mused, crossing his paws.
“But I’m still not comfortable with a third one. You guys couldn’t find your way out that
time, right Mash?”
The Shielder shook her head sadly. “No,” she confirmed. “We had no maps or charts of the
underground cave system and were only starting to gather our bearings when we encountered

the serpent. Our escape was only by happenstance.”
The catlike being nodded. “Right. Not something we wanna gamble if we can help it,” he
concluded. “If we can secure an escape route first before everything goes to hell, then that
would be ideal. Maybe we could create some sort of trail that we can use to mark the
entrance?”
“Or maybe use a thread?” Ren mused. “I recall a myth about a girl using a thread to find her
way out from the depths of one.”
A wave of exasperation and amusement washed over the pair from Medea. ‘The story of
Theseus and how he used such a method to escape the Minotaur’s labyrinth,’ she supplied.
‘While a crude method and the string was specially enchanted, it was nevertheless effective.
Did any of you bring along a thread or string?’
Mash pondered. “Morgana-senpai, do you perhaps have a ball of yarn?” she asked.
Morgana bristled. “Are you implying just because I’m a cat, I always have a ball of yarn!?”
he growled. “I’m a more sophisticated, eloquent cat than that I’ll have you know!”
The Shielder’s eyes widened in horror but before she could apologize, Ren leaned over into
view. “So, you have one then?” he asked with a knowing smirk.
The catlike being scowled harder at Ren, then reached into his pouch and pulled out a ball of
bright red yarn. “This isn’t because I’m a cat and I like yarn!” he snapped. “I just thought
having some would be handy! A good phantom thief always has some string as part of their
kit no matter what!”
“Yep, of course,” the Phantom Thief easily accepted with a grin, which only widened when
he caught the yarn that Morgana threw straight at his face. “Always appreciate your
thoroughness, Morgana.”
“I swear, you better not tell Ryuji about this,” he grumbled.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Ren answered lightly.
Eventually, they came across a nondescript hole in the ground. Ren checked the compass and
sure enough, it was pointing straight into it. “Alright, guess we’re here,” he stated. “Mash,
you got flashlights?”
The Shielder nodded and brought out a set. Everyone except Siegfried and Morgana took
one. Ren looked around for a moment, then stepped forward and began carving into the side
of the cave with his knife. “What are you doing, senpai?” she asked, looking over in
curiosity.
“Don’t want to tie up a thread right outside on a tree,” the Phantom Thief explained as he
worked. “Too easy to see and someone – or something – might notice or trip over it. So it’s
better to keep it somewhere a bit more subtle. Somewhere like… here.”

He stepped back, revealing a small notch he had carved into the stone wall. Threading the
yarn through, he tied it into a tight knot and gave it a firm tug to make sure it was secure,
then nodded in satisfaction. “Alright. With that, we’ll be able to find our way out,” he stated.
“Kinda wish I got the threads worked on by Medea, but what can you do.”
‘Perhaps have a bit of foresight next time,’ Medea dryly answered, only the subtlest hints of a
smirk in her voice.
Ren couldn’t help but chuckle a bit at that. “Yeah, that’d be smart,” he remarked. “But it’ll do
for now. So, should we head in?”
Drake nodded. “Aye, we’re on the doorstep of treasure now, ladies and gents!” she cried.
“Stay on your toes! I ain’t haulin’ your bodies out if you lot bite it!”
“Your arms would be too full of loot for that anyway,” the Phantom Thief shot back with a
grin.
The captain roared in laughter. “Aye, they would be!” she agreed wholeheartedly. “Just like
yours are too full of women, so I’ll leave it to you to haul ‘em out!”
He could feel the pointed glare of Joan behind him, though he couldn’t tell if it was aimed at
him or at Drake. “They’re plenty capable of that themselves,” he corrected her. “So maybe I
should help out with the treasure then. Don’t want to have your appetite grow too big for
your hands.”
“Oh, that’s the way you wanna do things, huh?” the captain answered, her grin turning
dangerous. “I’ve been meaning to settle the score with ya, so if that’s how you’re playin’ it-“
“Captain, as much as I don’t want to interrupt you having a good time,” David spoke up.
“Perhaps we should focus on the exploration at hand first and argue about the treasure later.”
Drake shot a glare at her Servant, then sighed. “Aye, you speak true,” she reluctantly agreed.
“We’ll continue this discussion after we’ve gotten everything squared away.”
“I’ll hold you to that,” the Phantom Thief answered with a cheeky grin. The captain only
laughed again in response.
“…. Intruders.”
The voice, rough, low, gravelly, echoed through the inner caverns. A sound from something
that had trouble with human speech yet took great effort to enunciate it. Lit only by a single
torch, the owner of the voice cast a great shadow, highlighting and emphasizing his singular
being.
“Is that so? Did that accursed god betray us?” came a second voice, softer and melodious. “I
suppose we were in want of entertainment – perhaps this is his way of granting our wish.
Types like him have always been petty about it.”
“What… should… we… do…?” the first voice grunted out. “We… hide…?”

There was a moment of quiet consideration. “No, best not,” the second voice sighed.
“Staying quiet will only further embolden them. Besides, it would be best to offer hospitality
to our guests, unwelcome or no. Wouldn’t you agree?”
“Hm… Agree. Should… I…?”
“… Yes. Yes, you should. Let us give them a welcome to remember.”
The first voice let out a small laugh of amusement, then fell silent as they concentrated.
“Wander… Lost… Die…!”
A bright light erupted from the towering figure and swiftly consumed the caverns.
With their preparations made, the party traversed into the cave. Almost immediately, the
sounds of the forest muted from the walls of dirt and stone around them. Their footsteps were
quiet yet deafeningly loud as they walked, sending their senses on high alert. Rather than a
cave, it felt as though they were delving into the mouth of some enormous beast.
Ren reached for the cuff on his ear. “Comms check,” he called.
‘I still hear you,’ Medea responded. ‘Ambient magical energy is strong, but not enough to
cause any interference so far. I am also finding no signs of magecraft – or at least, still none
that are an immediate threat.’
‘We still hear you as well, Ren. All sensors and vitals are stable.’ Romani chimed in.
“Good to know,” the Phantom Thief acknowledged. “You have any guesses what we’ll find
here?”
‘… I do not,’ she mused. ‘Poseidon is not the type to contain a monster when he could
eradicate it outright – or send others to do it in his stead. From what I’ve seen, it is likely a
great priest of Poseidon as well as a monster assigned to protect them. We are undoubtedly to
recover said priest and take over their protection.’
“Huh. A priest, eh?” Drake remarked. “If it’s a high priest, then they’re probably gonna pay
us well for getting them outta this hole. But first, we should find them before the old man
Poseidon changes his mind, eh?”
‘Old-!’ Medea spluttered. For once, Ren couldn’t tell if she was shocked or about to burst out
laughing at the irreverent insult. It was a refreshing change of pace.
Clearing her throat, she swiftly regained her composure. ‘That would be ideal, yes,’ she
agreed. ‘But again, do be aware of the god’s wrath. Don’t deface anything bearing his
markings or take anything that looks sacred.’
“No promises on that front,” the Phantom Thief responded casually as he checked the ball of
yawn in Morgana’s paws. It was still unravelling as they walked, leaving behind a clear trail
back for them to follow. “But so far, we’re still going straight ahead. Is it still ahead or-”

‘I’m sensing a spike in magical energy,’ the witch suddenly reported. ‘A Noble Phantasm is
being deployed. Brace yourselves!’
Immediately, everyone tightened their formation and drew their weapons. Siegfried and Joan
took either side as front line with Drake and David right behind either of them. Ren and
Morgana were in the center with Mash close by, shield at the ready to defend any oncoming
threats. Then a bright light suddenly filled the caverns, completely blinding them to their
surroundingsThen it faded. The Phantom Thief looked around - and his eyes widened in surprise. The
rough, rocky cave walls and floor had changed into skillfully carved marble blocks. Carvings
were etched in the corners, the details too small to see with the naked eye. Small scones lined
the walls, holding lit torches that gave some semblance of lighting in the corridors beyond.
More importantly, the corridor had expanded. While the cave was only wide enough for them
to walk single file, it was now large enough that they could all easily stand shoulder to
shoulder. The ceiling was so high that it was nothing more than shadow. They could see
passages on every side branching out before taking sharp turns, concealing whatever might
lay ahead of them.
The Phantom Thief blinked, then glanced down at the thread trailing down from the ball in
his hand. It flowed into a nondescript crack in the stone walls, leading into the darkness
beyond. “I think we might need more yarn,” he remarked, bouncing it in his hand.
Morgana tapped at the charm on his collar. “Medea?” he called out.
‘You are currently trapped in a Noble Phantasm,’ the Caster hurriedly explained without any
preamble. ‘This one is familiar to me, but I must make sure. For now-‘
Roars and cries of monsters cut off whatever she was going to say. Out of a side corridor
poured a horde of monsters. Wyverns among them, fluttering through the corridors, but with
them came women with the lower bodies of snakes, their fingers ending in wicked claws,
wolfmen with slavering fangs and rusted weapons, and several chimera among their ranks.
“Lamia,” Ren stated, immediately recognizing the snake women from his own personas.
“Didn’t expect werewolves though.”
‘Lycans,’ Medea replied. ‘Descendants of Lycaon. But I doubt they are the greatest danger
here. Prepare yourselves.’
The Phantom Thief nodded in acknowledgement. “Attis!” he called out as he once more tore
the metaphorical mask off his face. The bandaged persona burst forth in a flash of blue flame
and waved his dagger. A set of tri-colored lights lit up around everyone, once again
enhancing their capabilities.
With that, Ren drew his gun and grinned. “It’s showtime,” he declared, aiming at the
oncoming horde.
“Understood,” Mash acknowledged. “Engaging!”

The Shielder charged in alongside the dragonslayer toward the throng. The lamia hissed,
raised their claws, and fired a withering barrage of energy blasts. Both of them lifted their
respective weapons to block the bombardment. Suddenly, spears, lit with blue flames, shot
past them and sank deep into the front line of lamia.
As they reeled back screeching in agony, the two front line Servants dove in. A sweep from
Siegfried clove a lamia in two while another was flung back her, its chest caved in from
Mash’s shield. Lycans started hemming in to flank them, only for their heads to explode from
flintlock bullets and a green projectile blasting through several monsters like a laser.
In the back, Ren and Morgana stood alongside Drake and David as they fired into the
oncoming horde. They landed shot after shot, wounding and distract the monsters – enough
for either Mash or Siegfried to take advantage of and swiftly dispatch them. Despite the sheer
mass of monsters, they were slowly but surely pushing them back.
‘I’ve confirmed the Noble Phantasm,’ Medea broke through again, her voice now sounding
more fearful. ‘It’s the Labyrinth. You must escape immediately - the Minotaur will be on you
any moment!’
Morgana’s eyes widened. “I’m sorry, did you just say-“
From the corridor right behind them came thundering steps as something charged toward
them. Out came a gigantic humanoid creature, its hulking stature easily taking up much of the
corridor’s width. It held a great battleaxe in each hand, wielding them as though they
weighed nothing more than sticks. A mask of dark iron covered its head, revealing only a
massive mane of white hair and a pair of huge black horns that curled up from its skull.
Before any of them could react, the creature charged with a massive bellow, raising its twin
battleaxes high into the air. Siegfried and Mash rushed forward to intercept, and they crashed
in a titanic blow. The force caused the creature to stumble back, its sheer might sending both
Servants flying back through the air toward another approaching horde.
“Mash! Siegfried” Ren cried as he whipped out the flash bomb from his pocket. Before he
could throw it, however, the creature charged right past him and with a swing smashed Joan
after them. A moment later, a gigantic stone wall suddenly raised from the ground and cut the
Servants off from the rest of the group, leaving them to fend for themselves.
“Well, seems like this adventure’s getting’ interesting!” Drake cried out with a wild grin. She
leveled both pistols at the beast as it turned toward them and fired a salvo, aiming primarily
for its torso and legs while the remaining group quickly moved to surround it.
The creature swiftly raised an axe, causing most of the bullets ricocheted off its iron blade.
The shots aimed at its legs hit their marks, but it seemed to have little effect. Instead, it
lunged with the other battleaxe with a roar that seemed to cause the very stone around them
to vibrate. The captain swiftly dodged the axe head… only to be caught by the shaft as it
suddenly swung around.
“Crap-!” Drake cursed before getting swept away. The swing caught David as well before
they were both flung in another direction with a roar. Instead of immediately charging after

them, however, it suddenly turned to face the remaining pair: the Masters.
With a swiftness that its size belied, the beast raised an axe and brought it down, the
gleaming iron descending like a meteor. They leaped out of the way on either side - and it
crashed on the ground. The shockwave knocked Ren over but sent the much lighter Morgana
flying away in the other direction.
Ren clambered to his feet as the Minotaur turned toward the others – and suddenly, another
wall raised itself from the ground, cutting him off from the others. The sounds of fighting
immediately muted as it connected to the ceiling, leaving him completely alone. Gulping as
he took stock of the situation, he tapped the cuff on his ear.
“Medea, something charged us and I’m cut off from everyone else,” he quickly reported.
“I’m guessing that was the Minotaur.”
‘Indeed,’ the witch confirmed. ‘Unfortunately, it seems he can freely manipulate the maze.
You’ll have to find another way out. The string should show you where to go-‘
“Do you have time to be distracted right now, dear intruder?”
He whirled around to see yet another onslaught of monsters pouring out of another opening.
This one, however, had a different one at its head: A great, lion-like beast with blood-red fur
and wings. Instead of feline features, it had a ghastly human-looking face with fangs
protruding from its misshapen mouth. Its raised tail had a tip covered in sharp-looking spines
as opposed to fur.
Yet the oddest feature was that a girl was sitting on top of it. She had long purple hair, tied up
in twin tails and framed by a black and white headband, and was dressed in a ruffled white
dress with black trim. Her features were youthful and fair, but cold, sharp, and haughty. Her
fuchsia eyes bore down on him like ice as a mischievous, borderline cruel, smile danced on
her lips.
Surprise jolted through Ren’s body as familiarity assailed him. Morgana had told him about
his encounter with Stheno. Just the description alone would’ve been enough, but the sheer
pressure he could feel from the girl was unmistakable. Instinctively he doubted he was
dealing with Stheno again, leading to only one conclusion: He was dealing with Euryale, the
third sister of Medusa.
He swallowed an exasperated chuckle. Things were going to be interesting.
“I must say, I hadn’t expected guests – this is our private abode, after all,” she purred, her soft
voice carrying through the marble corridor. “It is rather boorish of you to barge in without so
much as a warning. But then, I suppose I shouldn’t have expected better from you and your
ilk.”
The Phantom Thief smirked as his mind moved feverishly. “I would’ve sent a card, but you
don’t exactly have a delivery address,” he remarked. “We’re here with permission from
Poseidon to escort you out of here. I can’t argue you’re pretty well protected, but you’ll be
safer on the move and with us.”

The girl raised an eyebrow as her smirk widened. “Is that so?” she remarked. “Well in that
case, I am grateful to you. It has been rather dreary and dismal here after all, being
underground with only monsters for company. To whisk me away from these confines into
‘safety’ would be most welcome. Please, carry me in your arms, my oh-so-dashing hero, to
freedom beyond.”
The derisive sarcasm in her tone was evident, as were the monsters still menacingly lurking
around her. There was absolutely no reason to trust her words or actions whatsoever. Only an
absolute fool would grant Euryale in this situation any modicum of good faith.
Still, he smiled as he slowly straightened up. Good thing he was a Fool. “If that’s what
someone as beautiful as you wants, I see no reason why not,” he easily and casually agreed.
He began walking forward toward herAnd froze when the lion-like creature growled at his approach, its ferocious eyes bearing
down on him. “Oh, do behave yourself,” she playfully chided, lightly smacking the top of its
head before looking back up at the Phantom Thief. “He gets a bit antsy around strangers. I
can’t blame him – he hasn’t had the greatest experience with heroes before.”
Then her eyes glimmered with cruel amusement as she clapped her hands. “Ah, I know! Try
placing your sword arm in its maw,” she suggested. “Displays of trust go a long way with
manticores. If you’re willing to place your trust in it, then it will reciprocate in kind. Won’t
you?” She patted the creature again who let out a low huff once more.
Ren raised an eyebrow. A manticore… that was one of the few mythological creatures he
didn’t have a lot of knowledge of. While it was a rather unsightly creature, he could still feel
the power radiating off of it, considerably stronger than the other monsters they had
encountered in the labyrinth so far save for the Minotaur. As for placing his arm inside its
maw…
He eyed its misshapen jaw and teeth. It didn’t take a genius to know exactly what it could
easily do. The disgusting fangs looked like they could easily gnaw through flesh and bone
with ease, and he wouldn’t be surprised if they were poisoned on top of that.
His smile widened as he sheathed his gun. All the more reason why he should go forward
with it then. “Sounds good to me,” he agreed easily. He began stepping forward, pushing up
the sleeve of his right arm as he did so. “Just stick my arm inside its mouth, right?”
The Phantom Thief didn’t miss the surprise that momentarily flickered across Euryale’s face.
Just as quickly as it showed, however, it vanished underneath an expression of barely
concealed malice and sadistic joy. “Yes, quite,” she confirmed. “It’s quite receptive to such an
approach, as you can see. Once you’ve earned its trust, you’ll find manticores are quite loyal
creatures.”
“That so, huh?” Ren mused. As she said, while the manticore was watching him warily, it
didn’t growl like before or tense up as much as he approached. He wasn’t sure if what
Euryale told him was true, but he had heard of several mythological creatures having similar
tests of faith or courage before. Perhaps it would be a similar case.

Though even in the far more likely case she was lying, well…
He doubted Medusa would ever forgive him for hurting one of her sisters, so if there was a
chance of avoiding a fight, he considered that much worth it.
As he approached, the manticore slowly opened its mouth. Ponderous and wide, three sets of
cruel, sharp fangs greeted him. The maw and throat beyond faded into shadow, as though
they led into a black void. Its breath washed over him, warm and damp, carrying the scent of
fetid meat and the sharp sting of toxin.
The Phantom Thief wrinkled his nose slightly at the reek as he stepped up to the manticore.
The bake-kujira was worse.
He looked up at the manticore looming over him, its baleful eyes glaring down at him. Over
the top of his head, Euryale watched expectantly, her fuchsia eyes glimmering both with
anticipation and curiosity. Then he looked back down at the cavernous maw of the beast.
Taking a small breath to prepare himself, he raised his arm‘Ren Amamiya, do not actually give your arm over to become a manticore’s chew toy!’
Medea’s frustrated voice boomed out over the cuff of his ear, freezing everyone in place. ‘You
couldn’t have just told me that telepathically?’ Ren asked quietly.
‘Would you have listened!?’ the Caster retorted.
Before their argument could continue, a cold giggle cut through the silence. “Oh, so you
weren’t alone,” Euryale purred. “I should have figured as such. Who was it this time?
Athena, perhaps? Or Aphrodite? She was never one who could tolerate others being
beautiful. Well, I suppose it doesn’t matter now. You were amusing, I suppose, but it’s time I
stopped playing with my food.”
She reclined back on the top of the manticore’s head and lazily waved her hand. “Kill him,”
she commanded. Immediately the monsters around her surged forward, the wolfmen leading
the charge.
“Awaken,” Ren rapidly intoned. His magic circuits flared to life, immediately filling his
bodily structure with magical energy while he swiftly backpedaled away from the onrushing
horde. Despite his increased speed, they were quickly gaining on him. The distance had only
been enough time for him to draw his gun before the first wolfman, wielding a notched
cutlass, was on him.
Ducking a sharp swipe, he raised his gun and fired twice. The Chaldean Arms, enhanced with
the power of Fafnir’s fangs, punched two great holes in the wolfman’s body. As the monster
staggered, Ren fired one more shot, and in the next moment its head was missing from its
shoulders.
However, three more rushed up, unheeding their brethren’s lifeless body as it collapsed. They
swiftly swarmed and flanked the Phantom Thief, giving him no chance to breathe or escape.
He had no time to think or plan. All he could do was act.

“Masks of my rage,” he growled. “Become my wings of rebellion!”
A white and gold flag, bearing the fleur-de-lis, sprouted in a flash of blue from his back collar
and flowed down. Grabbing the hem, Ren pulled it up protectively as a wolfman swung its
mace down. It crashed against his flag-covered arm… and nothing else. He felt the mace
against his arm but not the force or impact of the weapon.
A spear and a sword from the other two lashed out at him. He ducked his head down - and
watched as they flowed past him as though they were redirected by some invisible force. The
wolfmen stopped, snarling in surprise and shock - and allowing Ren to shoot off the head of
the first wolfman.
Weaving underneath another swing, his gun transformed into a dagger as he sliced out the
calf of the second wolfman. As it collapsed with a yelp of agony, he maneuvered behind it
and swiftly stabbed it in the back of the neck.
The third wolfman thrust forward with a spear, only for Ren to move behind its now lifeless
comrade as a shield. As the spearhead got jammed in its flesh, he lightly hopped up on the
body’s head and somersaulted over the spearman. Looking up, the wolfman’s final sight was
the gun barrel of the smirking Phantom Thief before he fired - and soon, it joined its peers in
death.
Ren landed gracefully on the marble floor and turned to see the horde quickly closing the
distance. He let out a quiet breath as he reloaded. ‘Medea, support the others as much as you
can,’ he casually said. ‘I’m going to recover our target.’
Then he charged.
This wasn’t the first time Morgana dealt with combat in such close quarters. Nor was it the
first time dealing with such a large enemy, backed up by a gaggle of their underlings. He
could probably deal with it by himself if need be – though more just running in circles and
exhausting them than actually fighting them directly.
But all of that combined was probably a bit trickier than he liked.
Jumping away from an energy blast, the circuits in his body glowed as he sprung up high in
the air. Targeting a group of distant lamia pelting at them with magecraft, he rapidly fired his
slingshot. He smirked as they found their marks, punching holes in their head and body as
they collapsed with agonized wails.
Glancing over, he saw David still contending with the Minotaur. The Archer was weaving
and dodging the great axes of the bull monster, swiftly jabbing and swiping at the creature’s
legs with his staff. The creature’s bellows filled the chamber, the marble shuddering and
quaking from the sound.
Beside him, Drake was with him dealing with the other monsters and preventing them from
surrounding David. Several culverins floating in midair fired off a salvo into the packed
horde, blasting them into red mist as more swarmed in. Blocking a swing from a wolfman

with a cutlass, she raised a pistol and shot out its head before flipping it around and bashing
in another’s skull with its butt. All while she laughed uproariously as though she was having
the time of her life.
‘Medea, any way to get back to the others?’ Mona mentally yelled out. “Mercurius!” The
blue-feathered persona sprung into the being. With a wave of its caduceus, a gust of razor
wind blew forth and sliced up a chimera. The catlike being winced at the drop in strength
before firing again into the crowd.
‘A Noble Phantasm construct isn’t so easily pierced, especially one like the Labyrinth,’ the
Caster hurriedly shot back. ‘Dealing with the creator would be the most optimal method.
However, I’m unable to locate Daedalus’s presence with what I have available.’
‘Daedalus? Why would Daedalus be-‘ Morgana’s reply was interrupted by him barely
ducking under a wayward swing of the Minotaur’s axe. Only his shorter stature saved him
from being severed in half.
“What’s taking you so damn long, David?!” Drake roared as she fired another salvo into the
oncoming horde. “I thought lugheads like these were your specialty?!”
David chuckled nervously as he jabbed at the Minotaur’s gut - to no effect - and rolled away
as it tried to gore him. “Specialty or not, this isn’t as easy as it looks,” he called back. “It’s all
I can do to keep his attention on me- no, over here, please!” He reached up with his staff and
smacked it on the mask as it started turning away.
Jumping over the resulting swing, he flashed a small, amused grin at them. “It’s kind of like
herding a rowdier sheep,” he remarked. “Especially with the white fur.” Out of the corner of
his eye, he noticed the Minotaur almost freeze momentarily. Was it his comment? He slid
past another smash, though it felt a shade slower than before.
“Been a while since I had some mutton!” the captain called out cheerfully. “Don’t suppose
we can cook this one?!”
Suddenly, the Minotaur whirled on Drake and charged her with a massive bellow. Her eyes
widened in surprise as another battery of culverins phased into existence above her. Their
muzzles flashed as they barraged the monster, yet the shots did little except slow it down as it
barreled past the fusillade and raised both axes. She didn’t have enough time to get awayThen tri-colored lights flashed around her again. In a moment, everything felt slower around
the captain. She felt hardier, her guns weightier. The axes were still descending, but they felt
like they were in slow motion now. There was plenty of time for her to think and consider her
next move.
With a wild grin, she summoned yet another set of cannons above her, this time all pointing
in one location, raised her own gun, and they all fired at once. The shots all smashed into the
Minotaur’s torso, creating a massive explosion that sent the beast hurtling back, crashing
through the horde of monsters and into the darkened corridor beyond.
“Ha! Did one of you do that?” she yelled with a grin over at her companions.

Morgana waved. “Thought you could use a boost to deal with the Minotaur!” he explained.
“That was dangerous though!”
“What’s an adventure without a little danger?!” she laughed as she sheathed her cutlass to
bring out her other pistol. “Step lively now, we ain’t outta the storm yet!” As if to emphasize
her point, a clearly enraged bellow echoed through the maze followed by rapid, heavy
stomping.
The catlike being scowled as he loaded his slingshot again. Though it could replenish regular
ammo made from magical energy indefinitely, he was running out of more powerful shots.
“David, if you got something that can help us, now would be a great time!” he growled.
The green-haired Archer frowned slightly, then sighed. “I suppose I should get a bit serious
then,” he acceded resignedly. His staff vanished in his hand, replaced with a simple sling. His
eyes narrowed as he focused, his supernatural eyes picking out the Minotaur barreling
towards them, the other monsters almost throwing themselves out of its way.
He released a single, whispering breath as he whirled his sling. “He,” he called out, his now
sonorous voice echoing through the chamber. He flung a single green shot, where it smashed
like a meteor into the wall beside the Minotaur. Fragments of rubble flew off and clattered
against the monster, yet it still charged on.
“Dalet,” David intoned as he whirled his sling again. This time, it went low and crashed like
a bullet right at the monster’s feet. Rubble flew up from the small yet imperceptibly deep
resulting hole, grazing its legs, yet the Minotaur charged on, bellowing in rage. Morgana
could see him now through the dim lighting of the labyrinth.
“Gimel.” The third shot collided hard against the Minotaur now, right on the shoulder. The
force of the impact threw it backward, slowing down the monster and almost halting its
momentum. Yet its grip on its battle axes tightened and with another roar, kept charging. He
was now in plain view of Drake as well.
“Bet.” The Minotaur’s head was flung back as the Archer’s shot directly collided with its iron
mask. The clear sound of the strike rung out like a bell being struck, echoing through the
marble corridor of the Labyrinth. The monster slowly lowered its head, all momentum halted,
as they saw the iron mask cracking from the epicenter where it had been struck.
Then it roared and charged with renewed rage. It burst out of the corridor with almost
impossible speed and its axes began descending on David.
“Alef,” the shepherd snarled. His sling whirled, and suddenly a light pierced right through the
Minotaur’s side. It stumbled back and collapsed on its knees, blood pouring from the massive
hole blasted through its gut as its axes collapsed from its nerveless hands. The monsters
shrieked in terror and fear at the sight, not daring to venture any further into the chamber.
“Please yield,” David murmured. “This fight is over.” As the monster looked up in response,
its mask crumbled away into countless metal shards that clattered to the ground. Through the
dim lighting of the Labyrinth, they could now see its features – and what they saw gave them
pause.

For Morgana, the Minotaur had always been depicted as a literal bull-headed monster with a
human-like body. Some depictions look more bloodthirsty than others, but all of them
showed an inhuman man-eating creature. A true nightmare that lurked in the shadows of the
Labyrinth, regularly thrown people to be devoured. In a way tragic, but an existence that had
to be killed without remorse.
What they saw instead was a young man, his face twisted in pain as its powerful hand cupped
its wound, his tan skin sharply contrasting his wild mane of white hair. The only inhuman
facet was his eyes: black sclera with red pupils. Yet even they didn’t reflect the rage of a
bloodthirsty monster. Instead, they showed fear, anxiousness, and pain.
But above all, they shone with a light that Morgana had seen many times before in the people
he called his friends and comrades: Determination, and not for himself.
“I… won’t.”
Morgana’s and Drake’s eyes widened as the Minotaur began speaking. Only David closed his
eyes solemnly. “I… won’t… give… up…,” he rumbled as though his throat and tongue had
trouble forming anything resembling a human language. “Must… protect… Euryale. I…
won’t… let… you… harm… her…!”
Slowly and unsteadily, he stood back up. He laboriously reached down to pick up one of his
axes, only for it to slip from his fingers and land on the marble floor with a sonorous clatter.
Morgana gulped, quickly feeling his will to continue fighting ebbing away. He glanced over
and saw Drake similarly frowning, though her guns hadn’t dropped from her target’s head.
The Minotaur stared down at his hands and flexed them several times, looking both
perplexed and frustrated. With a growl, they curled up like claws as he raised them up.
Despite the gaping hole in his body, his legs and stance were steady. While they looked more
like unkempt nails, his claws were still dangerously sharp under the torchlight.
Drake shook her head with a small laugh. “Got a lotta spirit in you, I’ll give ya that,” she
complimented as she pulled the hammer back on her flintlock. “It’d be a damn shame to plug
another hole in ya.”
“L-look, we’re not here to fight!” Morgana quickly shouted before the situation could
deteriorate any further. “We’re here to pick up a priestess of Poseidon and probably you too!
Can we just-just stop for a moment and try to figure out what’s going on here?!”
The monster blinked several times and lowered his claws slightly. “Not… here… to… fight?”
he rumbled, sounding confused.
“We weren’t planning on it, but it seems things escalated more than we intended,” David
laughed ruefully. “But perhaps we could try to settle things a bit more peacefully? We do
have some good drinks we could share.”
“Oi, David, who gave you permission to haul out the drinks without my permission?” Drake
snapped.

“Well, there’s few conflicts a good round or two wouldn’t settle, wouldn’t you agree,
captain?” the shepherd retorted with a grin.
The Minotaur narrowed his eyes in suspicion, eyeing the strangers in front of him as he
decided his next course of action. He opened his mouth to announce his decisionThen the wall behind them shattered to oblivion as a blinding blue light filled the room.
Mash ducked as a chimera pounced at her. Holding up her shield, she used its momentum to
flip it over and smash it against the ground. Her sword flashed into being as she lunged
forward and stabbed it in the throat, then sliced it open upward before it vanished again. The
chimera let out a choked gurgle and fell still. The Shielder breathed a small sigh of relief –
only to turn and block a salvo of energy blasts from a distant group of lamias.
Since the walls had been raised, the horde had been unceasing as they poured in from the side
chambers beyond. Though the individual monsters were weak and could easily be cut down,
the sheer numbers had been troublesome.
The Shielder looked around her in concern, pulling on memories of her studies. Medea had
called this the Labyrinth: The maze built by the genius inventor Daedalus to confine the
monster known as the Minotaur.
“How many of these things are there?!” Joan snarled as she sent another volley of flaming
spears into the mass before driving her banner into the throat of another wolfman. “Did we
trigger the damn alarm or something again?!”
Siegfried swiped Balmung, slicing two lamias in half before punching another wolfman
aside. “Unlikely,” he huffed. “There would’ve been some indication, like before. I would
assume these monsters were already here and awaiting commands. Can either of you get
through to our Masters?”
‘Ren-senpai! Morgana! Ritsuka-senpai! Can you hear me?’ Mash called out desperately as
she charged through a hail of energy blasts, holding up her shield as she was bombarded. An
icy claw of fear seized her heart as she was met with silence. “I can’t contact them! Joan?!”
“Nope,” Joan growled. Whirling around, she summoned a thicket of flaming spears that
impaled a charging chimera from underneath and sent it rocketing upward before kicking
aside a wolfman. “And we’re not gonna be able to find them like this either, from what I
know of the Labyrinth.”
Mash bit her lip anxiously as she whirled her shield above her, scattering the lamia trying to
close in. Joan was correct; from what she knew of the legend, the winding caverns of the
Labyrinth covered most of the island it was in. And with the magic imbued in the walls, she
wasn’t able to contact anyone…
Suddenly, an idea came to her mind. A wild, almost recklessly stupid one, but an idea
nevertheless.

Summoning her sword again, she hurled it at an oncoming wolfman and ran in the other
direction without bothering to see its blade sink into its chest, killing it on the spot. Instead,
she charged at the wall and with a wild cry, smashed it with all her might.
The impact jarred through her shield and down her arm, painfully jarring her bones as she
was thrown back by the reciprocating force. Readjusting the grip on her shield, she checked
the site for any signs of damage: A mere scratch.
“Anything?!” Joan called over as she sent another volley of flaming spears into the oncoming
rush.
“O-only a scratch!” the Shielder gasped out before she turned around and deflected a thrown
spear. “I didn’t think it would be that easy, but I had to try!”
“Hold. A scratch you say?” Siegfried mused he uppercut a chimera from the side,
decapitating it. “Then it means that it’s not indestructible. Perhaps it simply needs a bit more
force.” He glanced back at the wall in thought, then nodded. “Apologies, but can I ask you to
cover me? I shall try my hand.”
Mash blinked in surprise, then nodded. “Of course, Siegfried!” she easily accepted.
“Engaging the enemy!” She charged straight back into the fray, immediately throwing away a
throng of monsters with a swing of her great shield.
The Lancer scowled. “Just make sure we don’t get caught in the blast,” she barked out before
charging in herself, her banner fluttering as she swung it around her, creating a wave of blue
flames and driving the horde back.
The dragonslayer smiled. “You will not. You have my word,” he promised gratefully before
turning back to the wall and concentrated. It took quite a bit of focus to aim the wild
destruction of Balmug with any grace.
To that end, as power shaped in his blade, he aimed at a spot that should have been empty
when they had first been separated. Twisting the handle of Balmung, it opened and revealed
the glimmering crystal within that swiftly started glowing. Before long, it shone like a blue
star cast from the heavens, casting Siegfried’s powerful figure in great relief.
He slowly breathed out. “Awaken from the golden dream. Release yourself from its cradle,’”
he intoned. “The evil dragon must be destroyed.” A bright blue beam of energy erupted from
the blade, carving a furrow into the lofty ceiling of the Labyrinth above. Siegfried spared
only a glance upward to confirm his judgment. It was now or never.
“BALMUNG!” he roared.
He swung his blade down, bringing the sheer force of his Noble Phantasm to bear. The
energy swept forward in a horrific roar as the surrounding winds lashed around him from the
power of the dragonslaying sword. The Labyrinth walls held but for a single moment as the
energy crashed against it like a tidal wave, then utterly disintegrated.

Before the dust could even settle, pandemonium ensued. A familiar bellow filled their ears
followed by panicked shouts. The cacophony of the panicking monsters echoed in the maze
as they rushed again in a disorganized swarm. Then there was the roar of an unknown
creature as something thrashed in the distance.
Mash squinted as she looked around her desperately. With the dust and low lighting, coupled
with the sheer chaos erupting all around her, it was impossible to see more than a few feet
away. There was no way to find anything even in such close quarters. She reached out with
her mind, trying to find the one person she needed to protect above all else.
‘Ren-senpai! Where are you?’
Ren had to admit, this was more fun than he expected.
He hadn’t thought he’d be facing off another group by himself so soon after the Roman
singularity. The pounding rain and slick mud, the eyeless faces of the silent artificial soldiers,
Leonidas watching carefully in the background… while he started with his usual flare, it had
ground him down from a Phantom Thief into desperately scrabbling for the last few kills.
It had also thrilled him in a way he hadn’t expected before. Facing off against a whole host,
pushing himself until every last bit of his energy was spent, the primal rawness that came
from utterly exhausting himself. While similar situations happened back in his Metaverse
adventures, doing so in reality was even more exhilarating.
The Phantom Thief wove through the horde, his new cloak whipping around him like his old
coat as he dispatched the monsters. A rushing wolfman was met with a bullet between the
eyes while another was sliced vertically as he backflipped away. He slid under a salvo of
energy blasts and smirked at the snarling lamia before firing his pistol – a shot to the chest
followed by one to the head.
Using the Jeanne d’Arc persona had been a stroke of lucky genius on his part. Many of the
attacks aimed at him veered away at the last moment due to its power, and the few that got
through were negated anyway. It allowed him to fight far more recklessly, closer to how he
used to fight. After being stuck on the back lines for so long, this was liberating.
A sharp sting from the cut on his cheek reined in his most bombastic impulses, however. The
protection wasn’t foolproof: a chance attack could still make its way through and he couldn’t
afford to dispel his cloak to call up another persona for healing. The circuits burning within
his flesh maintained his reinforcement, bolstering his speed and strength.
Ducking underneath a pouncing chimera, he rushed in to gut another wolfman. The longer
this went, the worse things would turn out for him. He needed to find Euryale and deal with
her as soon as possible. He glanced over to the manticore, who was standing nearby
growling, its spiked tail waving menacingly – and faltered as he noticed: the girl was
missing.
His attention was torn away as another chimera lunged at him. ‘Medea, how are the others?’
he panted out, unable to conceal his rapidly building exhaustion despite his exhilaration. ‘Are

we making any headway?’
‘The others are faring better than you are,’ Medea quickly replied. ‘Withdraw as soon as
possible. I’ll see what I can do to guide you out.’
‘Working on it,’ he chuckled as he fired at an energy blast headed his way, causing it to
explode in midair. She was right; although he was managing right now, it won’t last much
longer.
Finally, as he somersaulted over yet another chimera, a way out cleared. It was further down
the corridor, leading away from the horde of monsters and the manticore. He would have to
deal with Euryale later. For now, he tensed his legs, then sprinted for the opening towards
escape“Leaving so soon~?”
Ren’s eyes widened as Euryale suddenly appeared right beside him with a smirk. Before he
could react, she pressed a pair of fingers to her lips and blew a kiss his way.
And all at once, his mind went blank.
Why was he running again…?
Why would he ever want to run…?
After all, his idol and goddess was right here in front of him…
Euryale’s cruel smirk filled his half-lidded eyes, and it was the most beautiful sight he’d ever
seen. A dopey smile carved its way across his face, though he could faintly hear Medea
yelling at him through his cuff, he ignored it.
She didn’t matter. Nothing mattered. As he slowly reached out his hand towards her, he knew.
Only the being in front of him was worthy of his attention and adoration.
“You know, it’s rather cute seeing you like this,” the goddess remarked, taking his hand
between hers and patting it playfully while the low, angry growls of the monsters around
them intensified.
“You went from desperate and fierce to slack-jawed and docile like a little rabbit. It’s kind of
adorable.” She giggled, a sound that was nothing less than heavenly to his unworthy ears.
Yes, he had pleased her. He would do anything to hear that again. Anything for her.
“You and your ilk have made trouble time and time again for me,” the goddess sighed, with a
bitterness in his voice that tore his heart in two. She was upset and it was his fault. He would
rectify it by any way possible. He must.
But despite the precious expression in his face, Euryale felt no sense of mercy.
“I intended to make you use these pretty command seals here to get you to kill your servants,
but I suppose Asterios won’t mind much if I have a bit of fun before I get to business,” she

concluded as she stepped away and turned to the manticore. “You, fling some barbs at him,
though do try not to kill him – it’s more amusing that way.”
The manticore growled in acceptance as its tail readied up. The Phantom Thief seemed to
simply stand there, ready for his punishment for displeasuring his goddess.
His eyes were closed. His face was neutral, at peace. Accepting in its forced emptiness. Some
ancient, distant part of herself lost many millennia ago may have even felt bad.
But not her, not now. For her sisters, every ‘hero’ that came to them like this would bleed,
suffer, and beg at their feet for more of it.
She watched with bated breath and sadistic patience as her charmed monster coiled the toxic
flail that was its tail. She watched as he shuffled in place ever so slightly and opened his eyes.
And she saw, for the briefest moments, the light of reason seemed to have returned to his
eyes.
She tensed, but a small, shining orb had already slipped into his hand from underneath his
jacket. His small, confident smirk was the last thing her eyes took in before a blinding light
filled the cavern.
Immediately, pandemonium erupted. The monsters thrashed about, startled from being
deprived of their senses. The manticore roared in panic as it flung its tail about, scattering
spines everywhere. Each one, the size of spears, was thrown with enough force to embed
themselves in the marble stonework of the Labyrinth and punched holes through several
unlucky monsters.
Euryale scowled as she blinked away stars in her eyes. How did he manage to throw off her
charm? Was it the protection of some other god?
Her vision finally cleared up, only to reveal a barrage of spines speeding her way. Too fast for
her to avoid, and too toxic for her to dare risk being so much as scratched. The blessing of
Hermes’s speed only ever came to her youngest sister; all she could do was helplessly stare
down oncoming deathBefore the ‘hero’ appeared in front of her, holding up his cloak. With a dramatic flick, he
brushed away most of the spines speeding toward them. They clattered on the floor as they
harmlessly fell aside or sped past both of them, embedding into the floor and wall beside
them.
Then he was flung back by one last spine finally landing its mark. It tore past his upper arm,
taking out a chunk of his flesh and bone. With a gasp of pain, he fell on his knees, clutching
at his wound. “That… stings a bit more than I thought,” he remarked, forcing a lightness
through his pain.
But all Euryale could stare at was the chunk torn out of his arm. “… Are you some sort of
fool?” she finally hissed. “Why did you protect me? Did you want the glory of claiming my
head for yourself?”

The Phantom Thief chuckled weakly, his face beaded in sweat and pale from pain. “I-I’ve
been called that a few times,” he rasped out in between tense breaths. “But I meant what I
said – I’m here to protect you. Medusa would have my head if I let even a scratch come to
you.”
The name immediately caught the goddess’s full attention. “Medusa?!” she snapped. “Where
is she?! What have you done to her?!”
“You… figured out I’m a Master, right?” he rasped as he looked up at the girl’s furiously
wide eyes. “You’re… Euryale. Medusa is one of the servants who answered my call. I didn’t
wish to hurt her, or you.”
“That’s-“ the girl began spluttering in outrage, then she closed her eyes and took a breath to
regain her composure.
Several moments, paired with several long breaths, passed. Without her charm, she couldn’t
afford to overreact.
“I must admit, out of all the ‘heroes’ I’ve encountered, you are particularly silver-tounged,”
Euryale spoke again, her voice quiet yet laced with icy venom. “And why, pray tell, should I
believe anything you say?”
The young man looked pensive for a moment, then smiled. “You want to know why your
charm didn’t work on me?” he asked.
The goddess’s eyes widened in surprise, but she refused to dignify him with an answer.
His smile widened in response, despite the pain of his wound. “You’re aiming at the wrong
target,” he explained. “Let’s just say I’m very good at protecting myself.”
Euryale’s eyes narrowed. “What do you mean by…?” she snarled before taking a closer look
at the ‘hero’. Indeed, there was something… different about him. Almost imperceptible for
any mortal, though not for anyone divine upon closer inspection. An ability beyond gods by
its very nature.
“The fragment of the Night Mother within you,” she noted, carefully considering the
implications. “It… resonates.” Well, she supposed that the Great Traveler’s gift being awoken
is a divine blessing in effect. More importantly, she knew how to overcome its interference.
“If I’m lying, feel free to use that against me,” the hero replied with a shrug – and winced at
the motion. “Even I can’t shrug off your charm that easily if you hit the right target.
The goddess glared down at him. She had no reason to believe him. Honey-tongued liars, all
of them. It had happened all too often before; they would say anything to get them to lower
their guard so they could be cut down all the more easily. More than once they had almost
died from such deceptions. No more.
And yet, the straightforward stare from his steel grey eyes caused her heart to waver just a
bit. But… what if he told the truth? What if he truly had Medusa as a Servant and was

actually treating her well?
… What if she could see her sister again?
“… If you are lying, I will make you a mangy dog for the rest of your short, miserable life,”
Euryale finally growled.
“I’d deserve nothing less,” the ‘hero’ agreed with a smile as he unsteadily rose to his feet.
The goddess glared at him – and suddenly, everything around them exploded as a blue light
filled the chamber. She looked about in horror as the labyrinth walls were obliterated by a
noble phantasm, her horde of monsters immediately scattering in shrieking terror.
Before she could gather her bearings, the young man immediately stood in front of her again,
his garish cloak shielding them from the rubble being flung their way and dropping down on
top of them. “One thing after another, huh?” he remarked with a grin – one that almost
faltered as a shard struck his wound, causing him to grimace in agony.
Euryale could only stare, dumbstruck, at the idiotic ‘hero’ shielding her before the familiar
bellowing of her friend filled the chambers. She could hear the note of desperation within and
felt an icy claw clutch at her heart. “No, no!” she whispered before racing out.
Through the clouds of dust, she could see the great, imposing silhouette of her companion.
“Asterios!” she screamed.
The being froze, then ponderously turned toward her. “Euryale…?” he grunted in surprise.
“Hide, Euryale. It’s… not safe…!”
“As if anywhere else would be safer!” the girl snapped before looking down – and seeing the
gigantic hole punched through his side. “Did they do this to you?” she whispered in horror,
reaching for the wound.
Asterios knelt and gently took her hand to stop her. “Just… a… scratch,” he reassured her,
forcing a smile. “I am… fine.”
Euryale bit her lip, then turned to face the others – and saw they had regrouped. The ‘hero’
had caught up and joined with his companions, who were rallying themselves for another
fight. “S-senpai, your arm…!” the purple haired girl gasped.
“I’ve had worse,” he chuckled in response, then hissed in pain. “Stings a bit though.”
“That doesn’t ‘sting a bit’, Joker!” the catlike being she hadn’t ever seen before snapped.
“Just-just hold still! Mercurius!”
With a flash of blue flame, she beheld as Hermes – no, not Hermes, but one much like him –
appeared before them. With a wave of his caduceus, a green glow emanated from the ‘hero’
as his wounds knitted and healed back up.
She took stock of their situation. Asterios was wounded. Her enemies had recovered and
outnumbered them heavily. They had lost the element of surprise. It seemed, just like before,

they were about to meet their ends on this deserted island, ending up as nothing more than
trophies. Unless…
It was a desperate gamble, but she had no other options.
“Hero,” she called out, glaring at the young man. “Do I still have your word?”
He blinked at being called out, then nodded solemnly. “You do,” he replied.
Euryale’s eyes narrowed in suspicion, then she finally sighed in resignation. “Stand down,
Asterios,” she murmured.
Asterios rumbled. “I can… still fight…” he growled as he slowly stood back up.
“No, you cannot,” she snapped. “Don’t be obstinate. You’ve done well, Asterios, but… this
fight isn’t worth it anymore.” Not if it gets you hurt, she thought to herself.
After a brief, tense moment, the ‘hero’ was the first one to relax, his cloak vanishing into blue
flames. “Well, glad that’s settled,” he remarked, looking considerably relieved by the
resolution and the healing. “Atropos.” With a flash of blue flame, a black garbed woman with
a sheet surrounding her head appeared, wielding a pair of shears in one hand.
Both Asterios and Euryale froze at its presence: one of the Moirae sisters, the one who cuts
the thread of fate. They watched with trepidation as she reached forward with her shears and
snipped… and suddenly a green glow emanated from Asterios as his wound was similarly
healed up.
The young man sighed in relief as the sister of fate vanished. “That should do it,” he said.
“How are you feeling, big guy?”
The larger being gingerly touched the spot where he had been blasted earlier. “No… pain,” he
grunted. “Good… healing…”
Euryale could only stare at them. Invoking records of the gods and bringing forth their
powers isn’t terribly uncommon, but doing so by utilizing fragments of the Night Mother?
That was something she never heard of before. “Who exactly are you?” she demanded.
The ‘hero’ grinned over at her in response. “Ren Amamiya, a Master of Chaldea, at your
service.”
The Minotaur – who preferred to be called Asterios – dispelled his noble phantasm, erasing
the labyrinth and allowing them to exit the now-mundane cavern. After they reached the
beach, however, Drake eyed the Golden Hind critically and ordered that they would camp on
this island for the evening.
“She’s got a few dings and scratches I’m not liking the look of,” she commented. “Nothing a
spit-shine and a bit of work can’t patch up, but we ain’t going anywhere until it’s done
properly.”

With that, the crew of the Hind and the Chaldeans went ashore, the former bringing kegs of
rum with them as the captain used her grail to summon foods and delicacies for a feast. “We
got treasures, we got new crew, and we got adventures!” she hollered. “What more reason do
we need to celebrate? Right, men!?” Her crew all howled in agreement.
They set up a huge bonfire on the beach and partied, raucously cheering and drinking. Some
of them decided to wrestle in a corner while others set up games of chance, their howls of
loss echoing over the sea.
Euryale sat on Asterios’s lap as they observed the goings-on from a distant corner. The
raucous cheer and loudness were annoying to say the least, not to mention bringing up some
memories she would rather do without. “They seem rather boorish, aren’t they?” she huffed.
“I suppose we shouldn’t have expected better.”
“They…. Aren’t,” Asterios agreed. “But he… is.”
“Who? Oh, you mean Ren Amamiya.” She leaned back into the Berserker’s torso as she
contemplated. “I trust him the least.”
“Hm…?”
“Crafty ones like him aren’t uncommon,” she explained quietly as she watched the others.
“They always speak with honeyed words and false promises, lulling you until you lower your
guard, then they strike like a wasp. Far more annoying to deal with than the ones who simply
charge at you outright.”
Asterios let out a low growl. “He… won’t… hurt… you,” he grunted. “I won’t… let… him.”
Euryale smiled warmly and patted his thigh affectionately. “I know you won’t,” she purred.
“But thank you nevertheless.”
“Can’t blame you guys for not trusting me that easily – I seem to be hit or miss when it
comes to first impressions.”
Both of them looked up to see the person in question walking up with a grin. He held his
hands up disarmingly. “I’m not here to start anything,” he said. “I’d offer you guys drinks,
but I have a feeling you guys wouldn’t appreciate that right now.”
“At least you have some sense,” Euryale agreed coolly as Asterios leaned forward
protectively. “What do you need, Ren Amamiya? Surely you haven’t forgotten your
promise?”
Ren smiled in response and tossed over his communicator. Asterios reached out and caught it
in his massive hand. “Press the button on the left side,” he instructed.
The Berserker glanced up at Ren in suspicion, back down at the device, then reluctantly
lowered his hand to show Euryale. The goddess looked at the watch-like gadget in curiosity,
then pressed the button as he said. It flickered on, showing holographic static momentarily,
before resolving into the image of Medusa.

“S-sister?” the gorgon stammered in shock. “I-is that you?”
Euryale’s eyes widened and her mouth dropped slightly in pure surprise, then she managed to
collect herself. “Who else could it be,” she huffed, brushing aside a twintail almost
indignantly. “Has your vision been hindered by that odd… accoutrement you are wearing?”
From the corner of her eye, she saw a motion. Glancing up momentarily, she saw Ren
walking off and huffed. At least he had enough sense to give them some privacy.
Medusa blinked before adjusting her glasses nervously. “My Master gave these to me so that
I do not petrify people when I wish to read,” she explained quietly. “Does… does it displease
you, sister?”
The goddess frowned slightly in both consternation and consideration… then relented with a
huff. “I suppose there are worse things you can wear,” she admitted. “You’ve taken up
reading, then? I hadn’t imagined you as a scholarly sort.”
“W-well, you needn’t be a scholar in order to enjoy books,” the Rider corrected her. “There
are a variety of books and stories in the modern day alongside more factual works and
chronicles of history. It’s quite endless, really, if you know where to look.”
“Oh? It seems you have perused quite a bit yourself. Perhaps you should read aloud to us
then and regale us with a few more interesting tales.” Euryale purred - and giggled as Medusa
immediately began stammering excuses. “It seems you are doing quite well for yourself.
Your Master treats you well, I take it?”
Medusa hesitated, then nodded. “He does,” she acknowledged. “They all do. It is… one of the
better conditions I have been summoned in. Morgana insisted I eat as well even though they
have been told that Servants do not require food.”
Morgana? Ah, right, the catlike being. “They even feed you?” the goddess noted. “My, you’re
positively spoiled over there, aren’t you? Even more than crumbs?”
“I-Indeed they do,” Medusa hurriedly reassured her. “There serve… a number of dishes here
with all sorts of cuisines. They haven’t served anything we’re used to but they were tasty,
nevertheless. I… I think you may enjoy them.”
Euryale couldn’t help but smirk in amusement. “High praise coming from you,” she laughed.
“Do you truly think it will be able to satisfy my refined palette?”
She could only giggle seeing Medusa become flustered again as she tried to backpedal. Her
expectations were incredibly low, but she hadn’t expected to be able to speak to her youngest
sister again. That ‘hero’ at least kept his word on that front, and she even seemed to be doing
well too.
Just for a bit, it felt like happier times.
Seeing Euryale’s happiness, a warm smile stretched across Asterio’s face. He leaned down a
bit to get a better view of Medusa - and the motion caught the Servant’s attention.

“Is someone there?” she demanded, her eyes darting around Euryale’s surroundings in alarm.
The goddess could only laugh again. “That is just my companion,” she reassured her sister,
tilting the communicator so they could have a better look at each other. “This is Asterios. He
has been a most welcome comfort and guardian during my sojourn here.”
“Asterios?” Medusa gasped, her eyes widening in shock. “The famed Minotaur?”
Asterios rumbled uneasily. “Not… Minotaur,” he grunted. “Please don’t… call… me… that.”
The Rider paused, then bowed her head in apology. “I understand,” she acceded. “I
apologize for my rudeness… and thank you for keeping Euryale safe.”
The Berserker’s lips creased into a warm smile. “No… thanks… needed,” he brushed off.
“Sister… of… Euryale. It is… nice… to meet… you. She… talks… about you… a lot.”
Medusa blinked several times. “She has?” she replied in surprise. “What, er… what has she
said about me?”
He smiled warmly in recollection. “How… kind and careful… you are,” he rumbled. “How
she… wished… she was… nicer. How… much she… missed you.”
Euryale spluttered. “Y-you do not need to elaborate on that front,” she cut in, turning the
communicator away from him in embarrassment. “I leave you alone for one moment and
already you run your mouth. You forget your place, Asterios.”
Her face felt warm from embarrassment, and it only grew hotter when she saw his innocent,
apologetic smile. Damn him, when did he get so bold?
“We also encountered Stheno in another singularity,” Medusa reported uncomfortably,
catching Euryale’s interest again. “The meeting then… did not go as well.”
The goddess felt pricks of her usual caution peer through the warmth of the reunion. “Oh? Do
tell, dear sister,” she murmured, reclining against Asterios.
The Rider recounted Morgana’s encounter with Stheno in the Roman singularity, including
the Chimera ambush and how she had been hurt.
“Master Morgana healed me immediately after I was wounded, including purging the poison
from my body,” she hurriedly added, seeing Euryale’s expression morph into rage at the
news. “I am was completely fine after the battle.”
She continued recounting the event, including how the treasure was nothing but seeds and
their encounter with Caligula. “We were not able to bring her back with us,” Medusa
concluded. “My Master had concluded that she wouldn’t be productive for the campaign.”
“And you allowed him?” Euryale questioned.
The Rider hesitated. “I… did,” she reluctantly acknowledged. “She would not have
appreciated being dragged into human conflicts. I thought she would’ve been much happier

being left alone on the island.”
The goddess snorted but didn’t argue against it. After all that mortals had done against them,
all their petty squabbles and fleeting glories, why did they care about them whatsoever?
Besides, they were nearly useless in combat: despite being goddesses, being summoned as
Servants bolstered their fighting capability where normally it would be a large downgrade.
That said, there was one thing that caught her attention. She eyed Morgana, who was arguing
with one of his peers over at the party.
According to her sister, while he had been angry that the treasure had been seemingly
worthless, he was seemingly far more irritated that Medusa had been hurt so needlessly in the
first place, healing or not. Masters showing any level of care for their Servants was already a
rarity, but these ones from Chaldea, both Ren Amamiya to Morgana, treated them more akin
to comrades.
How very curious.
In the end, she just sighed. What’s done was done. “You are not wrong,” she acknowledged.
“Our sister has less care for mortals than either of us. It is good you were able to see her.”
“It was,” Medusa agreed. “… though…”
Euryale raised an eyebrow. “Speak,” she gently demanded. “What is on your mind, Dusa?”
The Rider was quiet. “It would have been ideal if… we were together again,” she murmured,
almost whispered. The goddess was silent as the words hung in the air, pregnant with the
meaning and burden it carried.
Finally, she softly laughed. “I had thought you had grown up a bit, dear sister,” she purred.
“But I see the little girl who constantly tailed after us for our games and pranks is alive and
well. You have always been a clingy one, after all.”
Medusa spluttered in embarrassment. “Th-that’s not…!”
“Hush, Dusa,” Euryale reassured her, smiling. “It is clear – and right – you revere us so. We
were united by chance, even if through such… banal means. And even if not, you have your
memories of us, yes? So long as you have those, we will never leave your side. We are
certain of that.”
“… you do not hate me?” the Rider whispered. “After… after what I’ve done?”
The goddess blinked, confused, then scoffed. “Duseless, it shall take far more than a younger
sister’s tantrums to reach anything near the sort,” she retorted. “That is simply what older
sisters must deal with, is it not?”
Medusa was silent, then her lips curved into a tremulous smile. “… Perhaps so,” she agreed
quietly. “Thank you, sister.”

“There is nothing to thank,” Euryale cut her off. “Though if you truly wish to show gratitude,
I expect you to have a grand welcome prepared for us. I’m now more than curious as to your
affairs myself.”
Asterios smiled as he looked up at the starry skies, the mirth of the two women like a melody
to his ears. All was well.
Carefully stirring the pot in a nearby campfire, Martha checked the consistency and color of
the stew. Ladling up a tiny bit, she poured it into a sampling dish and tested the flavor. A bit
sweet from the tomatoes. Some salt should temper it and bring out its acidity a touch.
Reaching for a small pouch of salt nearby, she poured a pinch in, stirred it, then sampled it
again. Perfect.
Then the pirates’ raucous laughter nearby broke her quiet contemplation. How did it come to
this…?
It had started as a simple thing: Drake had summoned a host of ingredients from the Grail for
them to make, now that they could use fire to cook – an unreasonable risk normally on a
wooden ship. However, the pirates had been rather slipshod with their treatment, more or less
tossing them into a great pot to boil.
Martha, concerned, approached to advise and help, but they had proven less than cooperative
or capable. In the end, most of them decided to leave and the saint had to boot out a few
unruly ones, leaving only a few assisting her. “How are these looking, ma’am?” one called
over.
The Rider glanced over at the skewers he was roasting on a flat rock near the fire. “They’re
looking good, but cook them for a bit longer,” she advised. “Pork tends to carry diseases
when left even the slightest bit raw. It’s better to be safe than sorry. The beef should be fine if
you leave it a bit red.”
The sailor nodded. “Yes, ma’am,” he acknowledged before going back to grilling.
The man’s focus and expression as he resumed cooking brought a small smile to her lips. It
reminded her of her own life when she helped the infirm. People from all different walks of
life, each with their own passions they had either followed or had yet to discover. Some were
fulfilled, some not, others cut short by war, plague, or famine.
She had to wonder – if given another opportunity, in another life, would this man had become
a cook or a chef? Maybe so. But he seemed content with being a boatswain at sea. If that was
what he wanted, then she couldn’t judge.
“You’re on cooking duty again?”
Martha glanced up in surprise to see Ren walking up with a smile. “I’d ask if you need help,
but it seems you and your boys have things well in hand,” he commented, nodding to the
other sailors working.

The saint chuckled a bit at the remark. “Yes, but it was kind of you to offer nevertheless,” she
replied. David’s counsel still hung in her mind. Every man indeed bore good and evil within
themselves. That didn’t mean whether they were good or evil by themselves, merely how
they utilized them and their actions. Ren Amamiya was no exception.
Yet the images of his myriad persona were not things she could easily shake off. The phoenix
and dragon during the storm. The demons and angels he summoned back in the France
singularity. The aspect of Satan he had conjured that utterly terrified that doppelganger that
was her unwanted Master.
And most of all, that great figure of Lucifer, grey-skinned and looming, as he called the
Morning Star from the heavens to wreak absolute devastation merely as a showing of his
power to El-Melloi II.
She stirred the stew again, troubled. He had only utilized them as tools, as David had said,
and he had shown nothing but generosity and kindness towards everyone, even those deemed
enemies unless circumstances dictated otherwise. But someone who harbored both such great
evil and good within themselves… she didn’t know what to make of it. What was real? What
wasn’t?
He did mention they were all ‘masks’ of his. Martha couldn’t help but wonder – what was
underneath that mask?
“Oi, where do you need these vegetables?!”
Martha blinked and looked over. “Set them aside for me, if you would!” she replied. The
sailor in question dutifully placed them beside her to be stir fried later. She doubted they’d
appreciate a good salad anyway, so that was the best she could do.
Looking up, she already saw Ren walking away, leaving her to her duties, and frowned in
thought. There would be time later, most likely.
Before long, the various dishes were done. “You all did great tonight,” the saint praised her
assistants. “Head off and enjoy yourselves! Have yourself a serving too!”
The sailors helping her cheered and immediately grabbed food for themselves – albeit, in
reasonable portions under the Rider’s scrutinizing gaze. She proved to be a rather harsh
disciplinarian when irked, after all.
Ladling healthy amounts of stew into bowls and setting them onto a barrel lid that served as
an impromptu tray, she began making her rounds. The first was Morgana and Joan arguing by
the fire, with Siegfried sitting a bit further away.
“Look, I don’t know what the hell is your deal with raw damn fish!” the Lancer snapped. “It’s
just slimy and fleshy and… look, I don’t know how you lot can stomach it! Better if you cook
it! At least you won’t have to worry about parasites!”
The catlike being gasped at the mortal affront to his favorite cuisine. “No, no, no, you lose
that freshness if you cook it!” he yowled. “And fish made for sashimi and sushi are carefully

inspected for any chance of parasites or other impurities by experts! You couldn’t ask for
finer fish, which you’d realize if you slow down and savor it! The fatty tuna from earlier-“
“Have they been at it this whole time?” Martha asked Siegfried as she walked up, completely
flabbergasted.
The dragonslayer chuckled. “It’s a more recent affair,” he answered. “Joan had been
complaining about our lunch earlier and Morgana caught wind of it. Now they’ve just been
arguing this whole time.”
Suddenly he sniffed and glanced over. “Oh? You made this?” he asked, his eyes brightening
at the sight of stew.
The saint smiled as she distributed three bowls beside him. “With some help from the other
pirates,” she added. “They made some skewers and roasts while I made the stew and
vegetable stir fry. Hopefully they didn’t devour them all, but I made sure plenty were made.”
“Hm, I’m sorely tempted to get them myself,” Siegfried sighed. “But I don’t think I should
leave these two alone while they’re arguing. Hot tempers always need a mediator just in
case.”
“Would you like me to get you some on my next passthrough?” she offered. “I still have to
hand out some other dishes.”
The Saber hesitated, then finally relented with an abashed nod. “If you could,” he replied,
embarrassed. “I apologize for troubling you.”
“None at all,” Martha immediately dismissed. “Conflict mediation is always important. I take
it this kind you’re used to?”
“Often on hunts with my men,” the dragonslayer replied with a grin. “They would debate and
argue over the merits and demerits of game meat over domesticated meat, and which kind
was superior. It never ended.”
“And did they ever come to a conclusion?”
“Never.” Siegfried stopped for a moment, then gave a wry smile. “Though I suppose they did
give me a newfound appreciation of venison when all was said and done.” They both shared a
small laugh at the pointless argument as the other two kept bickering in the background.
With that, she stepped away and walked toward the bonfire. There, David was quietly playing
his harp and softly humming a tune with the notes while Ritsuka and Mash sat on a log
nearby.
Martha quietly approached from behind, halted, took a breath to compose herself, then
stepped forward. “I brought some dinner, if you would,” she called out demurely.
The Archer stopped playing in surprise, then smiled. “Ah, Martha!” he called cheerfully in a
quiet tone. “There’s no need for such formalities with me, remember? I’m here as a humble
shepherd, no more, no less.”

The saint paused, then nodded with a rueful smile. “I apologize. It’s a force of habit, I
suppose,” she murmured as she handed over a bowl.
“No need for apologies, I understand,” David easily replied. “I’ll take two more bowls for the
girls – they’re not up for eating right now.”
She blinked in surprise and followed the shepherd’s gaze as he nodded over at them – and
smiled yet again as she saw Ritsuka and Mash dozing off by the fire. The latter had her head
laying on the former’s shoulders while the Master’s head was resting on the shielder’s in turn.
The shepherd let out a low, amused laugh as the saint suddenly checked around them. “They
didn’t have any drinks,” he reassured her. “Not that I had to stop them – neither of them
seemed rather interested in alcohol anyway.”
Martha blinked, then sighed in relief. “That’s good to know,” she whispered. Reaching over,
she unclasped her shawl and gently wrapped it around the two girls. It was a bit small, but it
was likely better than whatever dirty rags the pirates had. “They’ve had quite an adventure so
far.”
“Indeed,” David agreed, observing them quietly. “Everyone has.”
She nodded, then glanced over at him. “Would you mind me asking something?”
“Please,” he immediately agreed.
The saint hesitated, then nodded over to the carousing pirates. “How did you become
involved with Drake and her crew?” she asked. “I wasn’t sure where to expect you, but I
didn’t think among a crew of infamous privateers.”
The green-haired man let out a bark of quiet laughter, then looked up at the stars in
contemplation. “In the most pragmatic terms, it’s because I needed her boat,” he replied
honestly. “The island I was summoned at was small – one could easily traverse its
circumference within an hour. There was very little for me to do, so when I first saw a ship
and made sure it wasn’t completely filled with scum, I took it.”
Martha waited for him to continue, but the shepherd began plucking at his harp again. “… is
that it?” she asked, half-disbelieving.
David smiled. “There’s not much reason for one to do something, honestly,” he admitted.
“Sometimes it’s because it’s His will, sometimes it’s because of one’s own interests. In this
case, they just happened to coincide.”
Soft, beautiful notes rang out from his harp as he played. “Sometimes, rather than resist the
wind, it’s better to bend with it and see where it might take you,” he murmured. “After all,
wouldn’t you say that might be His will too?”
The saint opened her mouth, then closed it again and lowered her head in thought. Perhaps
so. But where would it lead her now?

Looking up, she noticed Ren walking off from the party and disappearing into the forest. So
far as she could see, no one else noticed or followed him, Servant or human.
She frowned slightly at his furtiveness. What was he planning? It was dangerous this time of
night, and they hadn’t fully explored the island. Wasn’t it too risky?
Her thoughts stopped herself. Or perhaps she was trying to justify things so she could follow
him. David advised her to trust him, didn’t he? Ren Amamiya was no idiot – he could handle
himself and would call for others if he needed aid. He should be fine.
Still, if he didn’t return in time, she’d check up on him. It wouldn’t do for a Servant to leave
their Master alone for too long. Yes, that would settle it.
A raucous cry broke her out of her thoughts. Martha could only shake her head as she picked
up the tray again and began walking toward where the other pirates were, holding a mock
trial and accosting their own while Drake nearby laughed uproariously at their fictional
charges brought up by the ‘judge’.
She wasn’t sure if it was His will, but she had a feeling things would go well.
A small breeze flew by, fluttering at her hair and causing her to smile. No, she was certain
they will.
Ren stretched as he strolled through the forest, illuminated only by the moon. The air was
cool and crisp, contrasting the warmth of the Mediterranean during the day. The scent of dirt,
grass, and bark reached his nose as he breathed in. His footsteps were muffled as he stepped
through leaves and dirt, occasionally breaking a stick or two. It was quiet, with only the
breeze reaching his ears.
He smiled. His time in the field was the only time he could think of where he was fully
immersed in nature. Tokyo was too developed – even Inokashira park was surrounded by
plaster office buildings and glass structures. And his old home was more in the suburbs than
truly out in the middle of nowhere.
Looking up, he once more beheld the full tapestry of stars peeking through the canopy above.
It was becoming a more frequent sight for him nowadays, but he still marveled at them. He
would miss it when the light pollution of the city drowned it all out again.
Stepping out of the forest, he stepped out onto the beach again. He was a good distance from
the others, to the point where even the privateers’ revelry was little more than an echo. The
rhythmic crashing of the waves during the night soothed his mind, almost carrying it away
with the tide.
The Phantom Thief roused himself with a small sigh. As much as he wanted to take a nap, he
had a job to do, and there wouldn’t be a better time to do it.
Looking around, he saw a small outcropping of rocks nearby he could climb, with a flat
plateau near the top. Walking over, he easily climbed up to the top and looked around him.

Though he wasn’t high in the air, he could still see a good distance around him. A great place
to survey the stars and the sea.
He nodded in satisfaction. Reaching into a pocket, he took out a square of cloth and unfolded
it. Placing it on the rock, he smoothed it out as best he could before backing up slightly to
admire it again.
It was an elaborate star map, wrapping around in a circle with constellations drawn and
labeled. Etched in a gold circular border were various names of constellations in different
languages. It was Olga’s personal handiwork, meant to help facilitate the ritual, but the
handiwork was still gorgeous. Maybe he should ask her to teach him.
Now he took out a vial of red and gold liquid, a small square of paper, as well as a quill.
Uncorking it, he dipped the nib in the paint, opened the paper to reveal the Animusphere
magic crest, and began tracing it on the blank center of the star map. It was intricate and
detailed, but fine work like this was well within his dexterity.
Once he was done, he sketched out the far simpler design of his command seal, shaped in his
Phantom Thief mask. Despite having never done so before, it felt familiar, as though he had
drawn it thousands of times already. He finished it with a flourish, splashing ink clear from
the star mat to the rock below, and smirked in satisfaction.
Perfect.
Finally, Ren drew out one last thing from his pockets: A small, collapsible brass telescope.
Stretching it out, he placed it on the star mat right above the two sigils. He checked all the
details then nodded. Everything was in place. Now for the coup de grace.
Sitting down cross-legged in front of the star mat, he closed his eyes. It had been a while
since he had done meditation, but he mastered the art during his time in Tokyo. It was a
matter of focusing – and not simultaneously. A paradoxical act, yet one he learned well. For
now, the Phantom Thief focused on his breathing.
He breathed in.
Then he breathed out.
He breathed in.
He breathed out.
In.
Out.
In.
Out.

The gentle splashing of the waves faded from hearing. The sensation of the rock underneath
became nothing. The smell of brine and the sea no longer registered. He saw the void beyond
the darkness of his eyelids.
He was nothing. He was everything. He was part of the world. He was apart from the world.
He was above the heavens. He was below the earth. It was the past. It was the present. It was
the future. All in this one singular moment. Eternal yet fleeting.
His consciousness reached out, touching a subtle thread. A faint aria, traced by the glimmer
of starlight. It was delicate enough that it felt the slightest bit of force would shatter and spill
like a trillion sapphires.
Despite that, his tendrils of thought gently embraced it, coaxed it, brought it closer and closer
to him. From the immaterial to the material, from non-matter to matter. The journey was
endless, spanning eons upon eons. Yet neither time nor space were relevant here in this void.
All was one and one was all. So was this thread, and so were his thoughts.
The thread drew ever closer to him. It made itself known to his presence, and he welcomed it.
Knowledge of what it was filled his mind. Now he simply had to speak its name. Opening his
mouth, he bid the thread:
“Come to me, Olga Marie Asmleit Animusphere.”
There was a burst of blue flame near Ren as he drew his consciousness back to himself.
Opening his eyes as they faded, he beheld Olga standing beside him on the rock and smiled
tiredly. “Welcome back to the regular world,” he greeted.
Olga frowned slightly in thought. “I… must admit, I was skeptical you would succeed,” she
admitted as she looked at her hand. Unlike Ren’s usual persona summons, she was glowing
ever so faintly with a blue light and her features were slightly blurred out, as though she was
seen through a fog. “You prove to be full of surprises time and time again, Amamiya.”
“Thought you’d be used to that by now,” the Phantom Thief chuckled. “I’m glad it worked
though. Wasn’t sure what else we could try if it didn’t.”
“I’d simply amend the ritual if it didn’t,” the attendant quietly huffed.
“Yes, of course, o’ great lord magus.”
She shot a glare at Ren and raised her hands to begin her work, turning around to look out at
the ocean. To get the best view of the vast cosmos she could.
And once she did, she paused.
“It’s…” She started, trailing off as her mind was swallowed in the horizon.
“…Beautiful, yeah.” Ren finished, his own mind focused entirely on her.
A breeze, flowing out from the sea. The taste of salt on her tongue. The smells of wood and
pollen and fish and life.

This wasn’t her first time in such an environment. Whether it was social outings with other
mage families, small expeditions for personal reasons, or familial projects.
But most of the time, she had been cooped up in the luxurious manor of the Animusphere
family. Chaldea’s environment was always kept at a regulated temperature while the
simulator was strictly to run tests as necessary. The Velvet Room was relaxing and
comforting, never tiring of the aria despite it being constantly sung.
A world of dreamlike sensations where everything was distantly felt, as though she was a
ghost with it all just passing through her. Like a lingering, ephemeral memory. It was now
present, real. This manifestation was tied to Ren’s own senses, and so much more…true, for
lack of a better word.
How long had it been since she felt the breeze upon her face? The gritty sensation of sand
underneath her? The scent of the sea wafting by? Even the night sky, brimming with stars as
the moon shone overhead, felt so infinitely vast and distant now – a sight she thought she had
long since gotten used to with her work. Yet now…
The words for her magecraft froze into a lump in her throat, paralyzed by the simple yet
overwhelming sensations. It made her feel… alive. So, so alive.
Then the breeze tugged at the hem of her blue coat, dousing her with the cold, stark reality.
No, she wasn’t. She died. The her of now was nothing more than a remnant – no, barely even
that. She was just a memory, a shred of thought shed by her original dying self that had been
rayshifted into the first singularity.
It was only thanks to Ren’s quick thinking and the Velvet Room’s power that she was saved,
yet she was inexorably linked to the latter. Her existence was unstable, rendering her unable
to exit unless she wanted oblivion.
In a sense, it was far more of a prison for her than it had been for Ren during his
‘rehabilitation’.
Sensations like this, things she had long since taken for granted, were lost to her - possibly
forever. The world was gone. Humanity was gone.
There was nothing left.
Olga felt eyes on her – and saw Ren staring at her, his expression unreadable. Instead of
speaking, he simply patted on the rock beside him. She blinked in surprise – and felt warmth
streaming down her cheeks.
She hurriedly wiped it away. When had she started crying?
Instead of explaining herself or speaking, she simply sat down next to him. Neither of them
said anything as stared up at the skies, the myriad stars dotting the infinite cosmos, as only
the sound of the waves filled the air.

Holding her knees close to herself, she closed her eyes tight as more tears squeezed out. So
many emotions, so much pain she had tried to shove away with her duty – to her family, to
Chaldea, to Ren, to everyone remaining. They all came at once. The tears wouldn’t stop. She
couldn’t stop them.
But not as a flood, just a gentle, constant stream. A slow releasing of painful pressure as she
took deep breaths.
In.
And out.
The former director chanced a glance at Ren. He was staring up at the stars, his expression
impassive yet patient. The attendant’s mouth dropped open slightly, wanting to speak to him.
But she soon closed it, and followed his gaze.
What could she say? What should she say?
Her entire life had been nothing but constant rug pulls from under her – losing her position as
heir to her valued colleague, becoming the director of Chaldea solely because her father
passed away at the worst timing possible, then betrayed by a demon god pillar masquerading
as her beloved mentor before almost being tossed into the burning inferno that was
CHALDEAS.
The only reason why she was even here right now was sitting beside her – who she slapped in
the face because he had fallen asleep at the commencement ceremony from jet lag. Even
then, she was denied the world, her world, simply because the Velvet Room didn’t have the
capabilities at the moment to properly restore her.
She could feel mad laughter clawing at her throat over how ridiculous it all was. It truly felt
like a comedic play – and she was its greatest jester.
But… just like her companion beside her, she didn’t have time for madness. Or exhaustion,
or pain or anything else. Humanity depended on their success.
They only had each other, and every moment she was manifested burdened Ren more to
maintain. Though he would never show it, this was yet another burden he took on. For their
mission. For humanity.
For her.
“I’m going to get started,” she whispered, her voice cracking slightly.
“Gotcha,” Ren quietly acknowledged. “I’ll be here if you need me.”
“I know.”
After a moment, she shakily stood back up. There would be time to cry more later. Right
now, she had a task to accomplish. Taking a deep breath, grasping what minutiae of
composure she had left, she stretched out her hand and summoned her personal astrolabe.

It was a far smaller model compared to the one in the Velvet Room, designed for portable
use. The mystic code floated above her hand and spun like a globe before darkening within,
turning into a replica of the night sky, complete with the stars and constellations as symbols
of the sun and moon rotated on the frames outside.
The magic crest on her forehead began to glow as she accessed her circuits. “Stars. Cosmos.
Gods. Animus. Antrum. Unbirth. Anima. Animusphere,” she chanted.
The frames around the astrolabe spun faster as the stars within slowly moved and shifted, the
constellations fading in and out of sight. Ren sat back to take in the sight. He hadn’t seen
Olga properly use her magecraft before, only the results. This was fascinating to witness.
She pointed down at the star mat. Both it and the telescope floated into the air, the former
sliding underneath the spinning astrolabe as the telescope faced the heavens, peering into the
sky. The sigils drawn by Ren began glowing brightly as the constellation designs on the mat
began shifting and moving as well.
Every tool of the ritual served a purpose. The astrolabe was her primary tool and focal point
of her magecraft. The sigils acted as a connection between her and Ren, allowing her to
utilize his magic circuits to process information. The telescope interfaced with said circuits to
update the star mat and astrolabe to the current era. The mat solidified the connection and
strengthened the purpose of the ritual.
All of them together brought about the realization of Olga Marie Animusphere, and allowed
her to interact with the world as she saw fit.
Glancing up at the night sky, she murmured an aria as she adjusted the astrolabe. Lifting it
higher, the frames started to slow down as the night sky within began settling. Constellations
winked in and out of focus as though it was searching a certain configuration.
Finally, it stilled, rotating gently as certain constellations and stars remained glimmering.
Olga looked up at the star-filled sky again and the Phantom Thief followed her gaze. Perhaps
it was his imagination, but were the stars that made the constellations glowing slightly
brighter than the others?
The attendant summoned her clipboard, wrote furiously on the clipboard while murmuring
calculations for herself, then ripped off the bottom part of the paper.
“Here,” she stated, handing it over to Ren. “These are coordinates to the most mystery dense
location I can currently detect. Tell Drake to head for this bearing and distance, she’ll
understand it.”
She gave a small sigh, but steadied herself. “With any luck, whatever you unearth will be
enough to satisfy both her greed and the Velvet Room’s request. And possibly even the
location of the grail, though I wouldn’t be too hopeful about that.”
He nodded as he took the paper. Taking a cursory look at the paper, all he saw was a string of
numbers and symbols that made no sense to him. Well, if Olga said Drake would understand

it, then he had no reason to doubt her. “Thanks as always,” he replied with a warm smile.
“You always come through for us.”
Olga frowned. “Don’t flatter me, Amamiya,” she muttered. “This is my duty – as it always
has been.” As it always should be. This whole mess had been her responsibility, and she had
failed time and time again no matter what she did. This wasn’t anywhere near enough to
make up for it. “Now if you’ll excuse me…”
“You don’t have to go back so soon, do you?” Ren asked. “I think I can keep you out for a
few minutes more at least.”
He smiled playfully at her. “I could use some company for star watching, you know?”
The attendant froze, words of admonition on the tip of her tongue. Yet once more, his words
had snagged upon that desire of hers, as it always did.
Finally, she sighed. “Very well,” she relented. “Bonding is necessary to your development,
after all.”
The Phantom Thief smiled happily. “Thanks, Olga.”
“Nothing to thank me about,” she brushed off again resignedly. Looking around, she picked
up the star map that had been the catalyst of the ritual earlier and handed the telescope back
to Ren. That done, she rolled it up into an impromptu pillow and set it on the rock before
laying down, resting her head on one side. The Master moved and laid down right next to her
in turn.
The width of the star map was barely wide enough for the two of them, but Olga didn’t mind.
At this point, they had watched the stars enough times together that she was used to it.
It was silent save for the lapping of the waves beneath them. They stared up at the stars
glimmering high above in the cloudless night. Infinitely distant and cold, yet holding their
own beauty that long since mesmerized humanity for eons. The rock underneath their backs
was hard and unyielding, yet its solidness held its own odd form of comfort.
“… What are you gonna do after all this?”
Olga blinked at the sudden question and looked over at Ren, mere inches away from her.
“Excuse me?” she asked.
“When we get the world back,” the Phantom Thief clarified. “You probably have a lot you
wanna do, right?”
The attendant’s mouth dropped open at the inanity of the statement, then she scoffed as she
glared back up at the sky.
“It isn’t that there’s much I want to do, so much as there’s so much that needs to be done,”
she sniffed. “First, I have to deal with all the official reports. So many rules and policies have
been broken out of necessity in order to fulfill the Grand Order, meaning the documents must
be doctored as much as possible to minimize liability.”

“And of course, there’s your, Morgana, and Ritsuka’s involvement as well. Three untrained
Masters, one of them smuggled in and is an animal, combined with your abilities, will invite
all sorts of questions and attention. Romani had already been editing the documents as we go,
but his work is… sloppy, despite his best efforts. The absurd quantity of paperwork I’ll have
to go through-“
Ren simply smiled as Olga rambled and ranted hotly about the sheer amount of work she had
to do once the dust had all settled. It confirmed to him that Olga’s place wasn’t the Velvet
Room – at least, not permanently. The real world was her home, and he would do everything
he could to bring it back for her. For all of them.
Yet, the sheer scope of her future bureaucratic suffering had him look over in playful concern.
“Do you need any help with that?” he asked earnestly. “My English probably needs some
more work, but I should be able to get up to speed to help with the less complicated jobs.”
The attendant sighed tiredly. “I appreciate the offer, but that is not necessary,” she waved off.
“You are already fighting to restore the world, a task that you are doing more than admirably
in. No, Amamiya, this is my battle. I have the powers, knowledge, and connections necessary
to see it all through, no matter how strenuous it is.”
She looked over at him, her citrine eyes hard and sharp as they met Ren’s steel-grey ones. “I
won’t fail my own duties, not again,” she pledged. “That I swear to you.”
The Phantom Thief smiled, reassured. “I know you won’t,” he acknowledged. “But again,
thank you, Olga. For before, now, and in the future.”
Olga narrowed her eyes slightly, then huffed again as she turned to look back up at the stars.
“You thank me too much,” she grumbled. Despite the darkness of the night, her pale skin was
illuminated by the moonlight, showing Ren the small blush on her cheeks. He couldn’t help
but chuckle slightly, causing her to blush deeper.
“What about you?” she immediately whirled on him. “What do you plan to do once the world
is restored and your contract is finished?”
“Me?” Ren mused. “Well, head back to Tokyo for one. With the payment from Chaldea, I
should be able to find a decent apartment there despite the ridiculously high rent. I’ll also
have to start studying again to get into university. Hopefully I won’t be too rusty after this
‘summer vacation’.”
“Under Lavenza’s, Lord El-Melloi’s, and my tutelage? I’d personally smack you upside the
head if you failed on that front,” the attendant remarked drily.
The Phantom Thief laughed. “Ha! Yeah, can’t argue there,” he acquiesced. “I also promised
my friends I’d treat them too. There was this one fancy hotel restaurant we went to one time
when it was just Morgana, Ann, and Ryuji. We went there after Kamoshida’s change of heart
to celebrate. That was where the Phantom Thieves were first formed.”
“A hotel restaurant?” Olga echoed in slight bafflement. “Were there no other establishments
you could visit?”

“Well, we only got thirty thousand yen from selling his gold medal,” he admitted ruefully.
“So we couldn’t exactly splurge at the fanciest places. But it was an all-you-can-eat buffet, so
we still got our money’s worth anyway. It was probably the best deal Iwai could give me, at
any rate.”
“A former yakuza, managing a model gun shop, acting as your fence,” the attendant
hummed. “Not unusual for a magus, admittedly, but for a civilian your connections are…
rather strange.”
“What can I say, I attract out of the ordinary types,” Ren chuckled. “We did manage to sell a
golden briefcase for a lot more money though and went out for sushi with it. Morgana missed
out on it though – we couldn’t take cats in, and the leftovers were sacrificed to Sojiro so we
could check his place.”
Slowly, his smile turned wistful as he pondered. “I wondered what they would’ve thought of
the fatty tuna we caught today,” he murmured. “They’d probably love it.”
“… You think they would join you?” Olga asked quietly.
“You wouldn’t have been able to stop them,” Ren replied with a small laugh. “Even if they
weren’t Masters, they would’ve done everything they could to join in. And if they couldn’t
join singularities, they would’ve been in the command center or doing everything they can.”
“Your companions sound like they would’ve been great assets for Chaldea,” the attendant
remarked.
“They would’ve accepted nothing less,” the Phantom Thief agreed. “If there’s one thing
common about all of them is that they can all be as stubborn as me at times.”
“I am now rescinding my earlier statement.”
They both laughed at the joke, their mirth resounding through the still air – then Ren shifted
and hissed as his circuits scalded his flesh.
Olga didn’t miss the sound, a quick glance confirming his condition. “I’ve overstayed,” she
stated bluntly, standing up and brushing sand off her dress. “I’ve put far too much of a burden
on you for my own selfishness-“
“Don’t,” Ren cut her off as he sat up as well, wincing slightly. “I was the one who asked you
to stay. It’s my fault this time, but I don’t regret any of it.”
He grinned. “If there’s another chance to bring you back out, I’ll take it,” he finished.
“That is an unacceptable risk, Amamiya,” she admonished him, frowning. “Your
consideration is deeply appreciated, but I can be patient enough to wait until the world has
been restored. Until then, our efforts should be solely focused on the mission so we may see
it to completion sooner. Am I understood?”
“… Yep, I do,” Ren replied, holding his hands up in surrender. “I won’t bring you out if it can
be helped.”

“Which means you will try to find some other method to,” she noted, annoyed. Finally, she
sighed. “Still… thank you, Ren, for allowing me a bit more time to enjoy the outside world
once more. I… I hadn’t realized I missed this.”
The Phantom Thief smiled gently. “Nothing to thank me for,” he brushed off. “I’ll see us all
home. I promise you.”
Olga paused, then nodded, smiling back in turn. Then her glow dimmed as her figure faded
away, as ephemeral as a ghost. A few seconds later, Ren stood by himself on the rock as the
lapping of waves filled the now quiet night air once more.
He didn’t immediately move, simply sighing as he felt his circuits finally cool down. Staring
up into the infinite cosmos now felt infinitely lonelier without Olga’s presence.
Finally, he struggled up with a grunt. Picking up the star mat, he folded it again and tucked it
away in his pocket before slowly, laboriously making his way down the rock. As he did, his
mind couldn’t help but wander to his friends. How would they have handled the singularities?
What would they have made of the Servants? There was so much he wanted to ask them.
Landing on the sand, he slowly turned to head back – then noticed some small, smooth rocks
laying on the foot of the outcrop. Picking one up, he bounced it in his hand and felt its solid
weight in his palm. Rearing his arm back, he threw it out over the ocean. It vanished in an
instant into the night over the black sea. He tried to pick out where it landed, but in vain.
A peal of distant laughter from the raucous party echoed through the air. For a moment, he
was in LeBlanc again. Ryuji and Morgana were busy arguing over the last potato chip,
unaware of Ann casually reaching over to grab it. Yusuke and Makoto were chatting about
the Sayuri, bringing up a few other works of art in their discussion.
Off to the side, he could see Haru and Sumire discussing the nutritional value of the former’s
vegetables and how they could be incorporated into a sports diet. Futaba was by them,
digging up recipes and the average numbers on said vegetables, unaware they’d drag her into
trying other foods besides curry and yakisoba.
Beside him, he could hear the gurgling of the percolator going off. Reflexively, he turned to
grab a cupAnd suddenly, he was back on the beach. The chatter of his friends was replaced by the
gentle lapping of the sea, the slightly chilly night breeze instead of the warmth of the café. In
his hand was simply another rock – smooth, round, and solid like the others.
He shook his head. Any cups would be infinitely far away now, back in Japan… and
probably consumed by fire.
“Master? Is everything alright?”
The sound of Martha’s voice caused him to jump slightly in surprise. “Oh, yeah, I’m fine,” he
quickly reassured her with a grin. “Just wanted to step away for a bit. It’s a nice night, after
all.”

“It certainly is,” the saint agreed. As Ren turned back to throwing another rock, she simply
stared at him.
Truth was, she had got here a bit before, just as her Master had descended from the rock. She
wondered what she would witness when he was by himself. When he didn’t have to wear a
mask for anyone, so to speak. Her doubts, despite David’s counsel, still gnawed away in her
heart and mind.
What she saw was unexpected in how… mundane it was. Instead of a devil or an angel, she
simply saw a very tired young man, lost in his thoughts. Nothing either good or evil, just
simply someone who had much on his mind.
It reminded her of a stark fact: They had all been summoned to help save and preserve the
world, and they answered, her included. And while there were three Masters, it was Ren who
was bearing the lion’s share of the burden.
Despite that, he dissuaded everyone’s fears and anxieties with a grin. He treated his peers, the
Servants, and the staff well, and was indeed a kind, compassionate man. At this point, that
was beyond doubt.
Yet the image of his exhaustion and profound melancholy only begged a question: What of
his fears and anxieties? Who helps assuage them in turn?
Thinking about it, she didn’t really know him. He readily shared details about himself with
no fuss, but that wasn’t the same.
Amidst the crowd, Ren perfectly melded with them – and perhaps for that same reason was
why he stood out so much.
“It’s hard to get a moment’s peace with Drake’s crew,” Martha commented, walking up
beside him. “I can understand why you’d like some quiet.”
“Right?” Ren chuckled as he stretched – and tried to hide a wince from Martha as his sore
muscles pulled. “I’m starting to see why Morgana complained so much about sailing with the
Romans back in the last singularity – it’s fun, but it’s crowded. Not much privacy for
anything.”
“And we unfortunately aren’t like Medea, who can simply create a bounded field for her
privacy,” the Rider sighed dejectedly.
“Think she’d make one for us if we asked?” the Phantom Thief mused.
“You’d be trying her patience.”
“True – she definitely doesn’t have the patience of a saint.”
“No, she does- wait, what is that supposed to mean?”
The Master burst out laughing at Martha’s indignant reply and reached for another rock. The
saint huffed, then blinked.

Once again, she had gotten caught up in his pace as everyone always did. She needed to find
a way to help him with his melancholy, but, how would she be able to…?
She watched as Ren proceeded to throw another rock toward the ocean. Suddenly, a flash of
inspiration struck her mind. Eagerly, she asked Tarrasque for a favor and relayed the plan to
her. The dragon groaned in displeasure like a child told to do something unpleasant.
‘You treat me too rough, sis,’ he complained. ‘Fine. Do what ya gotta. At least I’m not getting
pummeled half to death this time…’
Martha stepped up with a wry smile. “Master, would you mind giving this rock a toss?” she
asked.
Ren looked over in surprise as he accepted the rather large rock. It was circular and flat,
reminding him of a discus he had seen during the Olympic games, albeit rounder. It was hard
to see the details in the moonlight, but he could pick out a spiked top and six different holes
on the sides…
His eyes widened in realization as he realized what he was holding. “No way,” he gasped.
“Is… Is this Tarrasque?”
In reply, the lion-like head popped out of the central hole and let out a low growl – though it
sounded more akin to a cub’s meow than its normal roar.
“Hahaha, he’s so tiny, and so cute! Can he just do that!?”
“I asked him for a small favor,” Martha explained with a grin. “While I have… tested his
endurance no small number of times, I’ve always been curious about his ability to fly.
Dragons are said to be masters of the sky, aren’t they?”
Tarrasque huffed at the saint for the comment but otherwise made no other sound.
“Now, let’s see how far you can fling him, Master,” the Rider requested, smiling as Ren
continued to make rather cute sounds holding the tiny dragon. “Don’t worry, I’m sure he’ll be
fine.”
It was simply the first idea that came to mind, and a very haphazard one. But when her
master was so resistant to her normal methods of aid, she had to get…creative.
Even Tarasque ultimately agreed with that, so this should be a safe outlet.
Probably.
A grin, happier and larger than she had seen in a while, spread across the Phantom Thief’s
face. It was a level of, almost concerningly honest enthusiasm she’d never seen from him.
The saint smiled, relieved at how his mood already seemed to be lifting… and faded as his
circuits began glowing. “Masks of my rage, become my wings of rebellion,” he intoned.

His right arm suddenly began growing and swelling, the skin turning green as it extended
well beyond what was humanly possible. Tarrasque was still clenched in his hand, though
now he looked more like a pebble in the gigantic arm’s grip.
“With a once in a lifetime chance like this, you gotta do this right!”
Oh boy.
‘Sis?’ Tarrasque called out worriedly.
Martha could only give an apologetic smile as she stepped backward to his fate. ‘I’ll call you
back if you get flung too far,’ she reassured him. ‘But don’t worry. I’m sure Ren won’t harm
you. I think.’
The dragon was about to speak when suddenly, he was spun. With a mighty twist and a
hearty roar, he was flung straight over the ocean!
‘Sis, whyyyyy…..?!?’
“Is that… ninety meters? Nice!”
She looked over at Ren as the young man’s eyes had turned red to see where Tarrasque had
landed. He was laughing uproariously all the while as his arm slowly returned to its normal
shape, and he turned to her.
“Hey, your eyes are better than mine. Ninety, you think?”
The saint could only smile to herself. Truly, Ren was simply a young man… and her Master.
“Yes, around ninety meters is accurate. You can trust your own eyes.”
“Let’s go!” He shouted with a playful pump of his arm, and she giggled.
She wouldn’t waver any longer. She wasn’t in the service of a devil or an angel. Just someone
who had their own burdens and methods, tempered by kindness and compassion if not
wisdom. It would be an honor to fight alongside them.
“Hey, do you think you can call Tarrasque back?” Ren asked, his eyes glimmering eagerly
even in the dark of the night. “I think I can get him even farther!”
Martha’s smile turned into one of exasperation. While he wasn’t a demon, he certainly could
be an imp.
Their trials were only beginning.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or background lore, join the Discord! You'll
get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Chapter 123: Dive
Chapter by Kenjichan251
Chapter Summary

If something is worth doing, then it won't be easy.

Chapter Notes

Appendicitis. Appendectomy. Yay.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“So I simply need to wipe it down and oil it?”
The holographic image of Artoria, projecting from the communicator, nodded.
“Indeed,” the king of knights confirmed. “While weapons for the most part require regular
maintenance, the work necessary isn’t too strenuous. Sharpening may be occasionally done
as well, but I do not think it is needed here.”
Mash nodded thoughtfully as she leaned over from her hammock she was sitting on and
picked up an oily rag – something the Golden Hind had in spades. Laying on her lap was her
sword, still glimmering beautifully from the faint sunlight streaming from the distant hatches.
Lifting it up, she looked over the blade closely. Despite its harrowing debut, there wasn’t a
single scratch or nick marring its beauty. The edge was still as sharp as when she first beheld
it without the slightest chip or dent. It remained as perfect as the day she received it.
She looked back at the gross, oily rag she held in her hand. Suddenly, she felt much less
certain about applying it to her blade.
“I understand your hesitation.” The Shielder looked over at Artoria, who was smiling
patiently and with a hint of amusement.
“Well made conceptual weapons don’t lose their edge or sheen unless by exceptional
circumstances,” the king stated. “Noble phantasms even less so. While most pages are
quickly made to become accustomed to oiling blades, it must feel rather unnecessary here for
a multitude of reasons.”

Mash hesitated then hung her head guiltily. “It’s a precious gift from senpai, and a beautiful
weapon besides,” she admitted. “It just feels like I’m dirtying it for no good reason.”
Then suddenly, a thought came to her mind. “Did you maintain your swords similarly,
Artoria?” she asked, tilting her head in curiosity.
The Saber nodded in confirmation. “It was more of a habit than anything, but yes,” she
answered. “Mythical weapon or no, I would not risk it failing me by overlooking something
so fundamental. Neglecting maintenance and taking its strength for granted is to disrespect
both the weapon and to the craftsmen who had made them.”
“Disrespecting both the weapon and the craftsmen…” the Shielder murmured. She took a
deep breath, gulped her down hesitance, then began wiping down the blade with the rag.
“Beware of your hand as you clean and oil your sword,” Artoria warned, observing her
careful movements. “More than once I’ve seen a page or squire slice their hand with a
careless wipe.”
“Understood,” Mash acknowledged as she cautiously worked on the blade. Despite the grime
on the rag, the blade didn’t stain. If anything, it seemed to take on a slight iridescent shine
from the oil applied.
“I hadn’t realized that maintenance would be so… simple,” she commented as she continued
her work. “I thought rusting would be a more prevalent problem in your time.”
“It is for the more negligent retainers,” the king acknowledged. “Aside from wiping away
water and blood, the oil prevents moisture from getting into the metal and causing rust to set
in. Armor was similarly treated, as well as painted or blued to help maintain its integrity.”
The Shielder frowned thoughtfully. She thought she had seen something like that during her
studies but nothing in detail. When she had the opportunity, a refresher on medieval arms and
armor might be in order.
“That said…” Artoria mused. “My knights sometimes could be rather careless. Tristan in
particular was guilty.”
Mash hadn’t expected to hear that particular fact. “Was he really?” she asked, surprised. “I
thought the knights of the Round Table were rather disciplined.”
“For the most part they were,” the Saber agreed. “But Tristan was often too absorbed in
either playing his harp or composing another song to the delight of his lover, Isolde. The
knights often had their squires take turns maintaining his gear.”
“Was it a common occurrence?” the Shielder asked as she continued to work on her word.
“Common enough that eventually Agravain took Tristan to task for it,” Artoria replied with a
small laugh. “He sat him down in a separate hall and proceeded to lambast and lecture him
for an entire morning and afternoon. By the time supper came around, he returned to us
ashen pale.”

“Agravain was truly that fierce?” Mash inquired, her eyes wide.
“His lectures certainly were,” the king responded with a fond smile. “Certainly no one
wished to incur his wrath. Thereafter, my subjects made sure to carry out his tasks with extra
diligence. Administration certainly became more efficient for about a week or so.”
“He sounds very helpful,” the girl commented. “If we end up summoning him, perhaps he
can assist the doctor with his paperwork.”
“More likely he’ll glare at Romani until he finally finishes,” Artoria drily corrected.
The Shielder made a mental note to check the scheduling of poor Romani’s shifts. Perhaps
she could convince Artemis or more likely Marie to relieve him more often…
“What prompted you to draw the sword?”
The sudden question abruptly dragged Mash out of her thoughts. Looking over in surprise,
she saw Artoria scrutinizing her closely.
“You would not have drawn the blade unless you felt it was necessary,” the latter pointed out.
“Indeed, your shield more than suffices as a weapon. While the serpent undoubtedly was a
formidable foe, I believe there is another reason you have done so.”
The Shielder’s mouth dropped slightly open, then she closed it. Staring into the blade, her
angular reflection stared back at her as she considered how to properly answer. She could feel
the calm, patient gaze of the king – curious and slightly pointed, but gentle and
nonjudgemental.
The answer felt simple… then why was it so hard to word it properly? Why was it difficult to
speak about? Now that she rolled the idea around in her head, it almost felt childish. As Joan
said, any goal was better than none, but in front of someone so grand, was it truly enough?
“… May I ask you a question first, Artoria?” Mash quietly inquired in turn.
“You may,” she allowed.
“What was your dream?” the girl asked, turning her full attention to the Saber. “Did you have
one when you drew the sword from the stone? What… what were you hoping to achieve in
the very end with your rule?”
The king of knights’ eyes widened in surprise. “… I must confess, I hadn’t expected that from
you, Mash,” she admitted. “That is quite a question.”
“Ah! I’m sorry for overstepping my bounds!” the Shielder backpedaled worriedly. “I didn’t
mean to offend-“
“You misunderstand me,” Artoria cut her off, her tone soft yet firm. “I simply didn’t expect
such a question from you, is all. Nor from anyone save perhaps my closest confidants who’ve
known me the longest.”

She fell into a contemplative silence as she looked up at the ceiling in recollection. Drawing
the sword from the stone and becoming king of a realm destined to fall… it was a path
fraught with countless trials and sacrifices, with immeasurable victories and defeats. Few
would willingly subject themselves to such a burden, yet she had.
Why?
There had been many reasons. Reasons that only grew more complex and nuanced as myriad
issues arose from all corners of her kingdom. Yet at the core of it all was a simple wish. One
that drew a peasant girl to take up the blade and become king. An act that she had regretted
then, but no longer.
“I simply wished for my people to smile.”
Mash’s eyes widened as Artoria wanly smiled. “I have only a few scant memories of my time
before,” she murmured. “But I recall the faces of my peers: troubled, burdened, desperate.
They had already suffered countless hardships and would suffer countless more. Even as a
child, I could see that.”
“And that’s why you…” the Shielder whispered.
“And that is why I drew the blade, yes,” the Saber finished. “It was because of that simple
wish I became king, and why I labored and fought until the very end. Perhaps it was foolish,
yet one man I knew said that wishing to help others is never wrong.”
Her smile widened slightly. “I’m inclined to agree.”
Staring down at her blade, Mash bit her lip anxiously. “I’m… I’m afraid my own dream isn’t
that altruistic,” she admitted.
At the king’s inquiring glance, she continued. “I wasn’t sure what I was… or wanted to be…
to Ren-senpai,” she elaborated. “At first, I was content to be his shield – acting under his
command, fighting where I’m needed and moving with his orders. For me, that was… that
should… have been enough.”
“It is a worthy cause he fights for,” Artoria acknowledged. “There is no shame in such a
role.”
“But… at some point, I realized it wasn’t enough,” she continued as she resumed wiping the
blade, albeit more as a distraction than maintaining it. “Just being his shield felt more and
more… hollow. Unsatisfying. I never felt such a thing before, but that was how I felt.”
“If you do not wish to be his shield, what do you wish to be?” the Saber asked.
Despite her cluttered mind, the words quickly tumbled to the tip of her tongue. For a
moment, she wondered if she was being too daring. Was she overstepping her bounds? Did
she have a right to? What was the right answer?
Even now, she still hesitated despite making up her mind.

“… his partner,” she whispered. Even with the creaking lumber around her almost drowning
out her voice, the words still felt like they echoed far louder than she intended.
“I… I wish to stand beside him as an equal, to be worthy of him leaving his back to me as I
often do with him. As I am right now, I can only follow behind him and rely on his guidance,
but… I hope to be able to be someone he can rely and lean on when it is needed.”
She furtively looked up at Artoria, who was regarding her with a calm, neutral expression, as
doubt began gnawing at her heart.
“Is that… too much to ask for…?” she hesitantly asked.
The king was momentarily quiet in contemplation. “… I cannot answer that, Mash
Kyrielight,” she stated solemnly. “At least, not in a manner that can truly be of assistance to
you. Only you can find the answer, and there is no easy way to say whether it is right or
wrong.”
As Mash began looking back down at her blade, slightly despondent, Artoria continued.
“That said, your situation reminds me of my own men,” she noted. “Many of them followed
me for their own reasons: for the good of the kingdom. Fealty and loyalty to me. Political
goals. Pay. A combination, or something else entirely.”
“Were they more grand reasons than mine?” the Shielder asked.
The Saber raised an eyebrow. “Mash, recall what my dream was,” she pointed out. “Was it
any greater?”
The girl froze at the question. Logically, it was. The king of knights’ dream was altruistic and
even beautiful. Wanting to see her own people smile could only be a good thing. It was why
she drew the sword in the stone and why she took up the mantle of the king, with all the
burdens and responsibilities that came with it.
And yet, somewhere in the recesses of her heart, a part of her disagreed. It was a beautiful,
kind dream, yes, but it was no great vision. It was almost breathtakingly simple, though it
encompassed far more. In the end, that dream carried Artoria through her reign – for good
and ill.
Mash stared at the king as a myriad of thoughts flitted through her mind. The Knights of the
Round Table had followed her loyally until the final days pushed everything to its breaking
point. Artoria said that they had their own reasons. From how she inferred it, they were
anywhere from simple to complex.
Lancelot, Tristan, Gawain, Agravain, Gareth, Percival, and many more. All of them were
noble, stalwart warriors. What were their dreams? What did they wish for? Did they achieve
them in the end?
Her dream was simple in comparison. But even if it was simple…

The counsel of both Siegfried and Joan rang in her head once more. Artoria was correct –
whether her dream was right or wrong was irrelevant. There was really only one thing she
could really do, save forsaking it entirely.
“I see…” Mash mused. Finally finishing wiping the sword, she held it up to inspect her work
– and saw her reflection in the blade staring back at her. Maybe it was just the iridescent
sheen of the oil, but she thought there was a certain gleam in her eyes now.
Perhaps the answer was far simpler than she had expected – or rather, it was for a question
that didn’t need to be asked in the first place. She wondered if it would be good enough for
Ren-senpai.
“Thank you for helping me, Artoria – and for your assistance with maintaining senpai’s gift.”
“It is no trouble, Mash Kyrielight,” the king acknowledged. “It is gladdening to see you are
so diligent.”
‘Mash, you available?’
The mental communication from Ren caught the Shielder slightly off guard. ‘I’m here,
senpai,’ she answered. ‘Is there something the matter?’
‘I’m going with the others to meet Drake – I got a destination in mind,’ he replied. ‘Mind
meeting me at her cabin? Or am I interrupting something?’
Mash shook her head reflexively before realizing Ren couldn’t see her. ‘Not at all,’ she
reassured him. ‘Give me a bit and I shall be right over!’
‘Sounds good,’ the Phantom Thief acknowledged. ‘I’ll see you soon then!’
She turned to the communicator as the mental communication withdrew, where Artoria
simply looked over in askance. “Senpai contacted me,” she explained. “He wished to discuss
our next destination with the captain and asked me to attend.”
“I see,” Artoria noted. “In that case, I shall not keep you. May your journey be fruitful,
Mash.”
“Of course,” Mash replied with a bright smile. “And once again, thank you for your time!”
The king smiled in response, and the communicator clicked off. The Shielder hopped up from
her hammock as the sword in her hands vanished into golden light, ready to be called when
she needed it – whether to fight or for her goal.
Taking a deep breath, she exhaled softly, then began walking toward the hatch. For some
reason, she felt slightly lighter than before.
She couldn’t help but smile to herself. Ren-senpai would most likely approve – and for now,
that was all she needed.
----------

“Huh. So that’s it?”
“Yep,” Ren confirmed as he leaned against the table. “Think you can head there?”
Drake stared down at the torn piece of paper on the desk. Written on it was a string of
numbers – bearings, distance, and other information she needed to properly chart a course.
“Where’d you even get this?” she asked, her eyes boring into Ren. “You don’t strike me as a
sea dog, Joker, and last I checked you’re just as clueless about these waters as I am.”
“And what’s there?” Ritsuka asked with a concerned frown. “I mean, I trust you, but just
heading in a certain direction is… a bit weird. You understand that too, right?”
Morgana looked over at the paper contemplatively, then his eyes widened. He shot a quick
look at Ren, who simply nodded in turn. That was all the confirmation he needed.
“I can vouch for Ren on this one – it’s legit info,” he spoke up. “If we head there, we won’t
regret it.”
“Oho? Quick to back him up, aren’t ya?” the captain remarked. Though her voice was jovial
and light as always, her eyes were as sharp as her cutlass. “I’m with Red here – much as I
love a good adventure, I’d also not risk a hunch from someone who can barely tell aft from
stern.”
Mash, looking between the two in concern, moved protectively in front of Ren. Nevertheless,
in the face of Drake’s skepticism, the Phantom Thief simply smirked.
“Treasure,” he stated. Immediately, the familiar gleam entered the captain’s eyes.
“And you think just because you said the magic word, I’ll hop to it?” she nevertheless
whispered. “Rather bold of you to tempt me like this.”
“When it comes to treasure, I don’t play around,” Ren whispered back. “If we find nothing
there, you can do with me what you will. But I’m willing to take this bet. Are you?”
The two leaders, insatiable in their greed and audacity, stared one another down in silence.
Ritsuka, Morgana, and Mash worriedly looked between the two as the silence stretched on,
only the creaking of lumber and the faint splashing of the waves outside filling the room.
Slowly, Morgana reached toward his pouch, ready to draw his Chaldean Arms as necessary.
Mash held her hand slightly away from her body, ready to summon her shield. Ritsuka
reached out to Medea first before contacting the other Servants. Though she didn’t say
anything, the wariness of her thoughts were clear.
A moment passed.
“I should’ve had you shot before you ever set foot on my ship,” the captain growled.
“Probably should’ve,” Ren retorted. “But this is the hand you got.”

Then another.
Finally, Drake snorted, then began howling in laughter. “Calling out a captain on her own
ship, out on sea, no less!” she cried. “You’re a damn fool, Joker! A complete and utter
buffoon!”
Ren grinned broadly, his expression almost wolfish. “I’ve been told,” he wryly agreed. “So,
what say you?”
The privateer laughed again. Taking the scrap of paper, she tossed it over to Morgana. “Take
this to the helmsman and chart a new course on my orders!” she barked. “There’s treasure to
be found!”
Morgana blinked several times in surprise. He gave a quick glance to Ren, who simply
nodded in response. “Alright, I’ll take care of it,” he reluctantly agreed. Hopping off the
table, he headed out of the cabin first.
“And you two girls, much as you like to cling to your man’s waist, you’re needed elsewhere,”
Drake stated, nodding toward the door. “Get going. Don’t worry, you’ll have him back in one
piece - though I can’t promise how long that’ll last at this rate.”
Ritsuka and Mash shared another concerned glance before looking over at Ren. The Phantom
Thief simply smiled.
“I’ll be fine,” he reassured them. “I’ll catch you guys in a bit.”
Both of them hesitated, then reluctantly began moving to the door as well. “If something goes
wrong, please call for me, senpai,” Mash pleaded.
Ren’s smile softened. “I will, Mash, I know you’ll always protect me from evil like her,” he
jokingly promised. Both the captain and the Phantom Thief watched as they both left the
captain’s cabin and closed the doors behind them.
“You’re that confident, huh?” Drake commented, stretching.
“I like my risks, but usually not for nothing,” Ren easily replied, sitting back in his chair.
“Not that,” she replied, waving off his bravado. “Types like you aren’t the kind who’d drag
their crew into danger unless there’s something in it for all of them. And you were playing a
dangerous game, Joker.”
The Phantom Thief laughed sheepishly. “I’m that obvious, huh?” he remarked.
“Ah, don’t mind it,” the captain stated. “It just takes a lot more to pull one over my eyes.
You’re really protective of them, huh?”
“Of course – they’re good people,” Ren easily replied with a shrug.
“Hm, that right,” Drake hummed.

With a smooth motion, she stood up, walked over to a cabinet, and fished out a large bottle
and two goblets.
“Oh? What’s the occasion?” the young man inquired with a smirk.
“To get you to loosen up,” the captain stated bluntly, slamming the bottle down on the table
between them. “Ya got your own answers, sure, but I never trust a man until I know what
they’re like when drink’s got their lips flappin’.”
Then she scoffed. “’Course, you downed three damned barrels of rum without a blink,” she
grumbled, pinching the bridge of her nose ill-temperedly. “Dunno why I thought that’d
work.”
“Ah, I kind of cheated there,” Ren replied with a small laugh. “As I am now, I can’t get
drunk. But if you’re so eager to find out what I know…”
He focused within himself. Truth be told, he was reluctant to experience what drunkenness
felt like. His whole adventure started with a drunken Shido trying to drag a woman with him
for the night. And he had experienced more than one unruly customer under its influence
while working at the Crossroads bar. Lala often shooed them away herself before he came to
any trouble.
On the other hand, Drake was right – the drunken patrons of the bar often talked garrulously
about their personal lives. Through them he gained valuable insight into their lives and how
they dealt with the world. The education was almost as valuable as what he learned in Shujin.
And there was Ohya. The reporter often drank herself near stupid almost every night, yet
despite her drunken revelry, her eyes were always sharp. He had no doubt she was always
listening in whenever the others blathered on, looking for tips and leads on her next scoop.
The Phantom Thief smiled to himself. If she ever met Jing Ke, they would lay the world bare
at the bottom of their respective bottles. A truly terrifying thought.
Reaching into his body, he felt the current of energy throughout. One that threaded through
his entire system, keeping him protected and safe. It reminded him a bit of the powers that
boosted his and his allies’ abilities – and how his opponents sometimes did the same. A
Dekaja spell sufficed to erase all of it in one fell swoop. Perhaps here…
With a mental command, he ordered the flow of protective power to stop. Immediately, it
vanished from his body. The corner of his lip twitched in pleasant surprise at the result.
Another mental command, and it resumed.
Perfect. That was all he needed.
Deactivating the protection once more, he opened his eyes and looked over at Drake, who
was staring curiously over at him. “Alright, I should be able to feel it properly now,” he
announced. “Awaiting only your pleasure, captain.”

The captain raised an eyebrow, but grinned as she popped the cork. “That easy, eh?” she
chuckled as she poured the drinks. The amber fluid flowed smoothly into the iron goblets,
swiftly filling it up. “Wonder what you’re like once you’re under – met a lotta different
drunks. You’ll be an experience.”
“Can’t say I’m not curious too,” Ren agreed with a grin. Back in Tokyo, he couldn’t touch
alcohol as he was underage, nor did he have any strong desire to – dancing that line of
probation without good reason was a bit too stupid, even for him.
But now, he was on the high seas in a different era and time, being offered a drink under the
purview of the infamous Francis Drake. There certainly wouldn’t be a better time for it.
The captain slid his glass across the table, which he stopped with ease. They each picked up
their goblets and raised them in the air.
“To treasure,” Ren declared.
“To adventure,” Drake followed.
“And may they never run dry!” the former finished, and they drank.
The liquor tasted more mellow than what he had back at the docks. Though the alcohol still
hit his tongue and through his nose, he could taste the more subtle notes of saltiness, almost
tingling. There were other flavors, but his novice tastebuds had trouble immediately picking
them all out.
Lowering his goblet, he exhaled, feeling the warmth of the alcohol passing through his lips
like a dragon’s flames. “This one’s different,” he remarked, staring into the clear liquid sitting
in his goblet.
“It’s good, right?” Drake said, grinning broadly. “This here is sack, some of the finest from
Spain. They make them with white grapes and fortify it with spirits, giving it a nice kick to
them. I… ‘procured’ a load of them from Cadiz – one of their most important ports – and
brought them back to England. You should’ve seen everyone’s faces!” She guffawed as she
took another swig.
“Oh? Must’ve been an expensive procurement,” the Phantom Thief commented with a wry
smirk.
“Ha, more like a bargain!” the captain cried. “Twenty-nine hundred barrels total! And my
country loved every damn drop! When I’m outta here, I’m heading straight back there and
getting some more! All hail Spain and their sack!”
They both laughed at her joke and drank again. This time, Ren could pick out some other
flavors blended in – a nuttiness to it, followed by… apple? Though of a different kind than he
was used to for his curry. The more he tasted it, the more intrigued he was by the liquor.
So this was why people became wine connoisseurs.

They kept drinking throughout the day, trading stories and banter with one another. They
chatted about work conditions“Deck swabbing is a never-ending chore!” Drake declared, slamming her goblet down.
“Jackson nearly broke his arse slipping on a corner that hadn’t been scrubbed well enough!”
To their homelands.
“I don’t know who designed our train stations, but I would very much like to speak with
them,” Ren grumbled. “I almost took a train going the opposite way on my first day of
school!”
It wasn’t long before they drained the bottle, forcing the captain to get up and grab another
from her private stash. The drinks kept flowing, and they kept going.
Ren blinked several times blearily. His sense of balance felt off, like his brain was sitting in a
gyroscope. His face felt incredibly warm as well. His thoughts felt muddled, with only the
occasional thought slipping through. His body felt oddly, comfortably heavy.
It was… weirdly pleasant.
“Well, haven’t seen you this out of it before.”
He looked up groggily and saw Drake again. She was also flushed, her legs up on the table
and crossed as she leaned back in her chair. There was that grin she always had, daring and
audacious – and amused this time. “You weren’t joking when you said you turned it off,” she
laughed.
“Heh, this is a first f-for me,” he barely managed to spill out. Even his normally silver tongue
felt clumsy.
That said, was Drake always that attractive? Her coat did nothing to hide her sizeable chest –
if anything, it practically emphasized her pair - and her pants and thigh-high boots
emphasized her hips and legs incredibly well. Her eyes were deep pools of emerald, shining
with cheer, bravery, and greed alike.
The only thing that one could consider a mar on her beauty was the scar that stretched across
her face. Yet for him, it didn’t detract from her attractiveness. If anything, it only emphasized
it for him: a symbol of her strength and toughness, unrestrained by anything.
Handsome, almost. Like Siegfried’s own scars.
“God, you’re hot,” he mumbled out before he could stop himself.
The captain howled with laughter. “Not the first to say that, and definitely not the last!” she
cried. “That better not be how you get women under your thumb, Joker, or I gotta beat some
actual decent sense into them!”
Ren chuckled in reply as he swayed in his seat. “N-no, I don’t do anything like that,” he
slurred. “Just… talked to them and… and looked out for them. A bit like a babysitter, kinda,

but n-not… not like that.”
“Oh yeah?” Drake inquired, taking another sip of her drink.
The Phantom Thief nodded. “Yeah,” he confirmed. “Just… just making sure they can make it
through the mission and this… this whole Grand Order. Save the world. With th-the Servants.
You already know at this point.”
He drained the last drop of his sack. Though it was time to cut himself off, it wouldn’t feel
right leaving any bit behind.
“And after you save the world, what are you gonna do?” she asked, glancing over in
curiosity. “Guy like you ain’t the type to sit still, know that much.”
“What am I gonna do?” he echoed, his words slurring. “Well, first I’m gonna… gonna go
home. And see e-everyone. Tell them I missed them. Oh, wait, that’d…. that’d probably be
weird for them. Huh…”
Ren sat back, leaning back in his chair as he stared up at the spinning ceiling. “I… I don’t
know,” he muttered. “The whole… saving the world thing. It’s kinda taken up everything. I-I
thought I knew what I wanted to do after but now…. Huh. Feels like a distant dream.”
The captain raised an eyebrow. “Think you can’t do it?” she asked.
“N-Not that,” he denied, shaking his head. It felt incredibly heavy on his neck. “Or rather, wwe… don’t have a choice. Either we win or that’s it, just-“
He clumsily snapped his fingers for emphasis.
“Game over. Gone, just like that!” he finished. “So my focus has been on… on just…
winning, you know? Fight after fight, campaign after campaign. I don’t know where it will
end. If it will ever end.”
He sighed deeply, sliding down his chair slightly. “Sojiro, Futaba, Ryuji, Ann, Yusuke,
Makoto, Haru, Sumire,” he mumbled. “My best friends aren’t… they aren’t here with me.
They’re all gone. And… I made other f-friends too. They helped me so much, but I
couldn’t… I was just here and couldn’t do…”
He slammed a fist on the table as frustration seized his heart, causing the bottle and goblets to
rattle.
“What the hell is good about all these powers I have for,” he growled. “If I can’t even save
those I care about?!”
Drake nodded pensively. “Huh, so that’s what you’re dealing with,” she mused. “Carryin’ a
lot on your shoulders, aren’t ya, kid?”
Ren sighed again before smiling sheepishly. “Nothing I… I haven’t already done before,” he
admitted. “Hell, I’ve even been dissolved-no, removed-no. Damnit, what’s the word?”

He snapped his fingers several times in recollection as the captain’s eyebrows raised even
higher. “Erased! That’s it!” he declared. “I-I’ve been… erased before. It’s… it’s not fun, I can
tell you that. You wanna know what it felt like?”
“Do tell,” the captain encouraged as she poured herself another goblet of sack.
“It’s like… going numb. Like you know how your a-arm falls sleep?” He held up his hand
and had it go slack as a demonstration. “It’s like that but… more complete, y’know? Like not
just ‘not feeling anything’ but more like… ‘nothing’s there’. Y-you don’t even feel the weight
of it attached to your limb anymore. It’s just… poof! Gone!”
“And-and that feeling, it didn’t go away,” he muttered, feeling a cold chill running up his
spine as he recollected the experience. “No, no, it-it spread throughout your body. Starting
sometimes from th-the hands or m-maybe the feet. It saps your strength, and you c-can’t even
move anymore.”
He stared up, and for a moment, he felt like he was lying on his back again in front of the
Shibuya station, staring up at the blood-red sky as the people of Tokyo walked past him,
made unaware of his entire existence.
“There was… nothing you could do,” he mumbled. “You could only… only wait until the
inevitable. And like falling into the deepest, darkest sleep, you were gone. Just like that.”
For a moment, there was silence. Only the creaking of timbers and the distant splashing of
waves filled the air of the cabin.
“Hm,” Drake hummed, watching the liquor as she swirled her goblet pensively. “So ya died,
huh?”
The Phantom Thief hesitated, then nodded with a rueful laugh. “Yeah, I-I guess… I did,” he
admitted.
“Well, ya got one up on me for that one,” the captain acquiesced. “Best I got is near death.
Davy Jones ain’t claimed me yet.”
“You’d p-probably wrestle him to the ground first,” he slurred out with a lopsided grin. “And
demand his loot before he’d ever drag you away.”
Drake couldn’t help but bark out in laughter. “Aye, ya got that right, Joker!” she boomed. “Be
it Davy Jones or the Grim Reaper, here’s to outrunnin’ our fates until the ends of the world!”
Leaning back in her chair, she quaffed down her entire drink in one go with relish. She let out
a sigh of satisfaction as she slammed it down on the table. Picking up the bottle, she moved
to pour herself another cup… only for only a trickle to dribble out instead.
The captain frowned as she looked in the bottle and saw only a drop dangling from the rim.
With an annoyed huff, she licked it off before setting it down.
Meanwhile, Ren had been watching a certain part of Drake as she leaned back and drank the
sack. How prominent they are, and their range of motion when she came back down with a

loud ‘thunk’. It only came into further emphasis when she had leaned over to work the bottle
for the last drop of liquor. In the end, he only had a single comment.
“Damn, your tits are huge,” he mumbled dazedly.
The cabin exploded with the captain’s howling laughter.
---------“Umu! This is perfect!”
The Chaldean employee looked up from her datapad, a shorter woman with mousy, brown
hair tied back in a ponytail. “You think so?
Nero beamed as she looked at the magnificence of the structure before her. Her bath had
taken quite some time to construct, but it had finally finished. The marble columns rose high
into the air, connecting to the mosaic tiled ceilings above. The ground was paved with carved,
smooth, white marble, polished to the point they glimmered in the simulator’s light.
The employee pressed a button on the datapad and soon, steam began floating faintly out
from the entrance. The scent of roses swiftly perfumed the air outside as it flowed around the
great statue of the emperor just outside the entrance. Braziers placed on the outside of the
columns burned merrily, casting it in great relief.
All told, it was a majestic sight – as expected of someone as grand as the Emperor of Roses.
“Indeed!” she confirmed heartily. “My gracious thanks, Tomlin! For your services, I invite
you to try the bath’s debut with me! You deserve it after all your hard work!”
Tomlin shook her head in response. “As tempting as it is – and believe me, your highness, I
am sorely tempted – I have to return to my regular duties.” Her abject anguish was clear as
she gazed longingly at the bath. “Maybe later, after I’m at least a bit caught up. I’m sorry for
refusing your generosity.”
The emperor huffed in displeasure as she looked over at the bath with her – her own height
only reaching the brunette’s nose. “That is a shame, but no offense is taken,” she sighed.
“Rather, your dedication is commendable. Know that you are welcome to the baths anytime,
under my express permission.”
The employee smiled gratefully. “You have my eternal gratitude for that, your highness,” she
breathed. “I’ll leave you to it for now. If there’s any changes or additions, just let me know –
it’s really motivating when I get first dibs.”
Nero laughed heartily in amusement. “I shall hold you to that, my architect,” she replied.
“But I shall not keep you any longer. May your labors bear fruit, just as they have done here.”
“Thanks,” Tomlin acknowledged gratefully. With that, she turned to walk out of the simulator
– and kept her longing gaze on the baths until the door shut behind her fully.

Once more, the emperor couldn’t help but smile in amusement. With how glorious and
luxurious her baths are, she could only empathize with her.
Walking into the beautiful structure, she stepped into the changing rooms. Within were an
array of bathing attire one could choose from: one-piece swimsuits to form-fitting bikinis, to
bathing shirts and bathrobes. This had been the compromise that she worked out with Mash
when creating the baths, as modern culture had become rather prude in matters of the body.
Her critical eye perused the wardrobe. She had agreed for a rather simple reason: Her
glorious, unsheathed form was simply one appearance. Donning different vestments as the
situation dictates and as the mood strikes her would emphasize her beauty all the more.
But in the privacy of the baths, that agreement had faded away. There was none present she
must conceal the beauty of her naked form, was there? Right now, she was the sole occupant
of the baths. And to wear something for both its debut and her first soak felt… taboo, in
every sense of the word.
With her mind made up, she doffed her dress, allowing it to vanish into golden particles as
she felt the cool breeze brush across her now bare skin. A chance to display her wonderful
wardrobe would be for another time, when there are more discerning eyes. For now, in the
relative privacy of the first bath, there would be no barrier for her in any sort.
Confidently striding out of the changing rooms, she walked to the edge of the baths and
lowered a hand into the steaming water. It was hot, almost scalding to the touch.
She smiled. Perfect.
Nero slipped in, wincing ever so slightly at the temperature of the waters yet never hesitating.
She sank beneath the surface as she sat on the step below, allowing the heat to wash over her.
In a moment, it embraced her body, sinking deep into her magical flesh and sinew and almost
drawing out her exhaustion immediately.
She opened one eye as rose petals floated by her in the bath. Although roses were her
favorite, she already had other ideas. Perhaps being able to change them to lotus flowers,
chrysanthemums, or wooden buckets and ladles, or even simply removed entirely.
The possibilities were endless. A bath that could delight everyone in its splendor was her
objective here, for how better would she proclaim the greatness of the Emperor of Roses?
But that came later. Tomlin had done wonders for the bath already, and Nero wasn’t about to
pile yet more tasks on her so soon. No, this was quite ideal in its own way already.
For now, she simply sighed and closed her eyes as she relaxed. She could feel herself almost
drifting away in the decadent heat as the aroma of steam and roses wafted around her. Truly,
this was utter bliss.
“Hm, it seems I had missed out during my time in the Roman singularity. This is
extraordinarily pleasant.”

Immediately, Nero’s eyes snapped open as she whirled on the voice. In the bath with her was
Loki, similarly naked and sitting near her around the corner. Through the steamy water, she
saw their curved female form underneath the surface. They had their eyes closed as though
enjoying the bath, though her intuition dictated otherwise.
Her irritation immediately bubbled up, contrasting the cold chill that inadvertently ran down
her spine. She had a feeling this was no simple visit from the trickster god.
“Loki,” she greeted coolly. “While it was regretful you had not a chance to try the fantastic
baths of Rome, I do not believe I have opened this one for public use just yet.”
“Oh, do forgive me,” Loki drawled, opening an eye as they smirked. “I had been so eager for
the experience that I had completely forgotten my manners. My host, it seemed, enjoyed his
baths at the very least – one of the few pleasures he allowed himself – and having such a
luxurious one installed seemed to have overridden most of my usual proclivities.”
“Your host has good taste then,” the emperor acknowledged. “However, it is somewhat
graceless to barge in on an emperor’s first soak in a newly constructed bath. Surely either you
or him would have known of this.”
“There are worse crimes in the world,” the trickster god shrugged off, closing their eyes
again. “Allow me, in your illustrious magnanimity, this one small indulgence. I shall be out
of your hair before long – one way or another.”
The last phrase they spoke perturbed Nero. “Do you mean to try something, Loki?” she asked
quietly, her voice now carrying an edge. “You are aware that I brook no mercy toward threats
of any sort.”
The Avenger let out a laugh. “On that, we have something in common,” they replied.
“However, unlike you, my net encompasses a touch more than just myself – something
perhaps your majesty hasn’t quite realized.”
“Speak plainly,” the emperor snapped. “I have come to relax, not bandy troublesome riddles
with you.”
Loki’s eyes finally opened fully as they turned toward Nero, their crimson eyes burning into
her emerald ones. “What do you think of our oh-so-beloved Master?” they asked.
The question caught her completely off-guard. “… What?” she breathed out in a moment of
shock. “You would intrude on my bath for such a mundane question like that? One would
think you are acting like a lovestruck maiden, whose affections have ripened to the point of
sourness.”
The trickster god burst out laughing, all pretense of decorum lost as they bent over wheezing.
“Oh, trust in you to believe it is such a thing!” they gasped through their mania. “Of course
someone like you would think that! How utterly amusing and stupid! I should’ve expected
such a vapid response!”

Nero’s temper was pricked further. “I had tentatively deigned to tolerate your presence for the
baths, yet you insult me,” she growled. “Leave, lest I decide to have you vacated by more
forceful means, Avenger.”
She blinked.
And suddenly, Loki was sitting right beside her, looming over the shorter Saber like a
malevolent shadow.
“And still you don’t see,” Loki snapped, now bearing a vicious grin. “It’s no matter of love or
hate. Tell me, o’ great Emperor of Roses. What is a Servant’s duty?”
The emperor scowled. To be challenged like this in her own territory was nothing short of a
gross insult, one she would have had them executed for if she had her way. Nevertheless, she
decided to play this fool’s game, if only to get to the bottom of this idiocy.
“Under normal circumstances, to win the Grail War for themselves and their Masters,” she
answered. “Here, it is to be our Masters’ arms and legs, fighting with them as they seek to
restore the world and humanity.”
“Ah, a good answer!” the Avenger cried. “As expected of such a well-learned woman! But
alas, I must remove points from the incomplete.”
Loki’s eyes bore into the emperor like spears. “There is something you miss, Nero,” they
pointed out. “Something so astoundingly obvious that even I cannot fault you with its
absence.”
Nero’s eyebrows furrowed in consternation, taking in the words. She cast her mind to her
experiences as a Servant.
Their time during Elizabeth’s rather peculiar singularity had been her only outing so far, and
there had been nothing out of the ordinary about it.
There were experiences with her Praetor. Facing off against countless Servants amidst the
almost ephemeral, digital landscapes of the Moon Cell, friends turning into allies and allies
becoming foes. Staying by her Praetor’s side as they investigated and searched for clues,
scrabbling for even the tiniest purchase that would allow them to continue fighting and
living.
Yet try as she might, she couldn’t figure out what Loki meant in the end.
“Fine, I shall admit it,” the emperor relented. “I do not know the answer to your riddle.
Enlighten me, for the sooner this farce is past us, the happier I shall be.”
“Giving up so soon?” Loki mocked. “How very unlike you. You are turning out to be a much
greater disappointment than I expected. I’d say almost unworthy of our dear Master.”
Once more, the Avenger’s words jabbed harshly into the emperor’s fraying temper. “And I
would reply that you playing these pointless, exhausting games are just as unworthy,” she
spat. “For the last time I will ask you, Loki – what are you here for?”

The Avenger glanced over at Nero with an unreadable gaze, then huffed as they leaned back
against the bath. “You truly know nothing. How…unfortunate.”
Nero opened her mouth to interject angrily when Loki suddenly turned to them, their
expression now serious.
“You are at least aware of what our Master intends to do,” they stated calmly. “Ren’s mission
to bring the world – to bring everyone back – is of paramount importance. He may not seem
like it, but this is the most focused he’s been.”
The emperor frowned. “But of course,” she replied. “There is no greater endeavor than
bringing back all of humanity.”
Again, Loki stared at Nero with an indescribable expression. The silence lasted long enough
that Nero’s temper started giving way to discomfort. A drawn out, piercing stare that
managed to drown out even the running of the baths, consuming her attention.
And then, a slow widening of their eyes.
“… you know nothing about him, do you?” the trickster god whispered in realization.
Immediately, Nero felt icy knives stab directly into her heart. The one horrible realization she
had made that day after speaking with Ren in the cafeteria, one that she had been content to
simply brush away as a matter of time and circumstance. All she had to do was be patient.
Underneath Loki’s perceptive gaze, that statement had become a damning accusation.
She could love him, yes. But how much of that was simply that surface he presented? He
knew of her struggles then and now, yet what did she know about his?
Suddenly, she felt her rhetoric ebb away like a receding tide and for the moment was
speechless. There was no response she could give that would satisfy the trickster god – no.
There was no good response that would satisfy herself.
“This is ridiculous,” Loki spat suddenly. “Utterly ridiculous. Here I thought things were
already dangerous enough as is, but it turns out it’s even worse than I expected! You are
making it incredibly tempting for me to simply take the easy route, consequences be
damned.”
That stirred the emperor out of her reverie. “What-what do you…are you incapable of
speaking in anything but riddles!?” Nero stammered out as she quickly regained hold of her
composure.
The Avenger scowled. “Ren is currently walking on a tightrope rope of danger trying to
restore everything he cares about,” they growled. “All while juggling the emotions and
reactions of everyone around him. That’s difficult to do, even for him. And if he slips even a
tiny bit, then away it all goes – and us with it.”
The frustration finally spurred Nero’s wrath. “Do you believe I am unaware of-!” she snarled
as she began turning – and immediately stopped as a serrated blade pressed on her throat.

“Do be silent,” the trickster god sighed in irritation, crouching beside the emperor with their
sword in hand. “Every vapid word you speak is a collective travesty to intelligence.”
Nero stared wide eyed at Loki, her tongue frozen in place. She watched as rivulets of crimson
ran down her almost glowing white skin and dripped down into the bathwater below,
blooming into clouds of red.
“You know, our Master has much he has to work with, what with all the different hearts and
personalities here,” Loki mused, examining their fingernails on their free hand. “Between you
and I, the budding disasters that are Mash and Ritsuka, our overseers Romani and Da Vinci,
the other Servants as well as any other interested parties, he’s rather booked.”
“And in order to navigate through that, do you know what is required?” they asked, sitting on
the edge of the bath and sinking their legs into the water – all without once letting up the
pressure on the emperor’s throat. “It’s not wit or strength, nor is it even charisma.”
The Saber’s shock sharpened into a glare, but the Avenger seemingly took no notice of it
whatsoever.
“It is conviction,” Loki stated. “Complete and utter conviction. That his path is correct and
will see them through. A conviction that draws people to him like moths to a lamp and acts
like a lighthouse guiding ships. Even if he missteps or errs, they would all follow him like
marmots off a cliff. Really, it’s so amusing that even I can’t help but be drawn to it myself.”
They let out a bark of harsh laughter, one that rang through the empty bath chambers.
“But where does that leave you, my little emperor?” the trickster god asked, lazily rolling
their eyes over to Nero. “You claim yourself to be magnificent and superior, yet where is your
conviction? You claim to accept and love wholeheartedly yet when you see it, you play the
part of a frightened fawn.”
Their eyes narrowed. “You have a craving in your heart as you do a fear, o’ Emperor of
Roses. And that lack of conviction will be nothing less than a poison to him.”
“I-“ Nero began to respond – only for Loki to suddenly seize her by the throat and slam her
to the edge of the bath. Their expression was feral as their red eyes glowed, glaring down at
her like a snarling wolf.
“Don’t speak,” the Avenger whispered venomously. “You understand nothing of what you’re
doing with your flights of fancy. You’re a fucking coward, who can’t decide for herself
whether the love she screams from the heavens is just.” The last word dripped with a
childish, malevolent mockery.
The emperor gasped as she tore at the trickster god’s grip, only for it to mercilessly tighten.
“And if you lead our Master to heartbreak, what do you think will happen to his conviction?”
they snarled. “That thread he maintains, overladen as is, will snap. He will waver, and he will
die. And he’ll drag us all down with it.”

Loki leaned in close. “I don’t care whether you love him or not,” they hissed. “But if you
have even a tenth of a brain that you do tits, then you’ll get this resolved. Otherwise, you are
a threat, and I will deal with you as a Servant should with threats.”
Their expression twisted in malice, forming something that was far too cruel to be called a
smile. “Or better yet…”
The Avenger conjured something in their free hand and slammed it down, point first, into the
marbling beside Nero’s ear. She looked over and her eyes widened in horrified shock.
A dagger.
“You can end it yourself and spare us the trouble,” they finished. “You should be familiar
with that, at least.”
The trickster god leaned forward more until they could feel each other’s breaths. “Do we
have an understanding?” they asked.
Nero scowled as her vision started to swim from the lack of air, but managed to nod through
the pain and mental fog.
“Good.”
With that last word, Loki released – or more flung – Nero from them. As the emperor rasped
and coughed, they casually got out of the bath again and wiped themselves off with a nearby
towel. “Feel free to keep that,” they remarked without bothering to turn. “Consider it a
housewarming gift for your new bath.”
Once they were done drying off, they stepped away and vanished into golden dust. And
within a moment, Nero was alone in the bath once more.
The emperor could only heave heavy breaths as she clutched at her neck. The only sound that
filled the bath was the fountain pouring water serenely in the center. Drops of crimson ran
down her hand and arm before dripping into the water, staining it once more.
Then slowly, her eyes turned toward the dagger. With a shaky hand, she reached forward and
grasped it. Plucking it easily from the marbled floor, it gleamed menacingly without a trace
of fog in her hand. Within the blade she could see her own visage, warped into a hideous
parody by its bend.
For a moment, her vision flickered – and she was lying in the distant plains once more, far
from anyone and everyone. A bloodied dagger lay beside her hand as her lifeblood spilled
from her wound, draining her strength and will.
She had lain there for three days and two nights. No one found her. No one cared to. For all
the love she had given her people, none of them loved her in turn. Her last sight was of the
third setting sun before the candle of her life, once a blazing bonfire, snuffed out.
Loki’s blood-red eyes and demonic glare flashed in her mind, scorching itself upon her soul.

Panicked, Nero flung the dagger away from her, as far as she could muster. It vanished into
the steam beyond and disappeared into some unknown corner before the clatter of metal on
stone echoed through the bath.
Collapsing back into the bath, she heaved ragged breaths as she clutched at her arms, nails
digging into her skin. Even though it was away from her, the reflection of herself in the
dagger’s blade was still clear in her mind.
She inhaled – and gagged as she felt a wave of nausea sweep through her stomach, her heart
palpitating in her chest.
No, no, Loki was gone. The dagger was gone. That time was gone. It was gone. All gone.
Shakily reaching up to the nearby bath implements, she took hold of a eucalyptus sprig. As
she tried to moderate her breathing, she slowly stood up and staggered toward the center of
the bath.
It was fine. This bath was the ideal method to relax. She was sure of it. It simply needed to be
hotter. Right now, she felt cold. So very, very cold, down to the bone.
As cold as that final sunsetNero’s grip tightened on the branch, causing the wood to begin creaking under her grip, as
she forcefully shoved the thoughts away. It wasn't so cold. It wasn’t, it couldn’t be. It only
needed to be warmer. That’s it.
Raising her arm, she began unsteadily brushing her limb with the eucalyptus. The scent of the
leaves suffused into the air, sharp as a spear. The sprig of wood felt rougher than she expected
against her skin. Perhaps… perhaps she had been soaking a bit too long. There was also a
dull ache behind her eyes too.
The emperor shook her head as if to drive away the pain, but it was to no avail. She was
wearier than she thought.
Rest. She needed to rest.
Taking the sprig, she stroked downward on her arm in a final flourish – then gasped as a
branch caught against the skin and cut. The sharp sensation sent a jolt through her body as
her neck again throbbed. Looking over, she saw an angry red line across her flawless white
skin, made by the dagger she held in herWith another broken cry, she dropped the eucalyptus sprig into the bath as though it had burst
into flames. It landed softly in the water and floated there, innocuous and harmless.
The emperor stared at the branch as her thoughts raced in every direction, feeling sweat drip
down from her forehead. Turning, she began stumbling back to the edge of the bath – and
tripped on the edge of the steps.
She barely had time to cry out as she plunged into the water. It scalded her face and neck, the
latter burning where Loki had pressed their blade earlier like a white-hot thread.

But the worst of it was the throbbing in her head. It was far worse now, as though it was
being torn to shreds from within, and taking what remained of her mind with it.
Nero tried to breathe – and only felt scalding heat enter her nostrils and mouth, choking and
suffocating her. Sight, sound, touch, smell – it was all muffled by the water. All she could do
was clutch her head as she trashed about in what felt like a molten void.
Was she about to die again? Again?! Ridding the world of her beauty and art once was
enough, and now it was happening once more?!?
As blades dragged along the inside of her skull and brain, she could only whimper, the sound
escaping as miniscule bubbles. Through the tatters of her mind, she could only plead and beg.
Praetor, my praetor, please… save me…
Ren… please… please help…
The fog of pain and water ever so slightly lifted from the emperor’s vision, letting her see a
figure in shadow standing before her. Was it her Praetor? Was it Ren? Everything was too
dark, too murky. Her vision was fast fading away. She couldn’t tell, couldn’t see.
The figure stretched out a hand for her. She reached forward to take hold of itSuddenly she clawed herself out of the bath, coughing and hacking up water out of her lungs
and mouth while breathing droplets out of her nose. Collapsing, she huddled up on the
ground as she waited for the pain to subside, the cold marble contrasting sharply against her
burning body.
Her mind, her head, her affairs, her affections. It was all a mess. She couldn’t think straight,
couldn’t reason.
But she… she was the Emperor of Roses. This was nothing. She had pushed through this
before and would do so again. First, she needed to…
She needed to…
Dragging herself to a nearby pillar, she weakly reached up and grabbed a small ledge jutting
out from the side. She unsteadily slid her legs under her and pulled herself up, grimacing as
her strained muscles shrieked in protest.
Once she was standing, she collapsed against the pillar, her head against the cool marble once
more in an attempt to relieve the afterpain of her migraine.
This… this situation would not stand. She wouldn’t allow it.
Slowly, a plan began forming at the furthest fringes of Nero’s tattered mind. Something to
help decisively resolve at least one situation here. It coalesced and solidified, coming into
view with greater clarity and weight until it dominated her thoughts.

It was simple: she would meet with Ren and they would have an outing together. When it
came to affection, what better way was there than to meet it head on? There she would find
out once and for all whether the affection she felt was truly her own, or just the remnants of
her other self plaguing her mind.
The emperor almost laughed deliriously at her own genius. A brilliant plan. It… it simply
needed the details planned out, but the core was solid enough. Yes, that would be the greatest
method to resolve it all. This way, she would not betray anyone; not her Praetor, not Ren.
And especially not herself.
Taking a deep breath, feeling the steam filling her lungs, she slowly staggered toward the
changing room, dragging a towel with her while doing so. Her legs felt as unsteady as a
newborn fawn’s but she made her way regardless.
For today, at least, she had quite enough of baths.
--------“Heave to, you louts!”
At the captain’s command, the Golden Hind ponderously began turning from its meanwhile
straight trajectory. As the crew pulled various ropes, the sails were rolled up until the masts
were left almost bare. Soon, the ship came to a complete stop.
“We’re here,” Drake called out.
The Chaldeans and the crew looked around them. Despite her announcement, they saw only
yet more ocean on all sides as far as they could see. David was quiet in his crow’s nest – an
indicator there was nothing worth mentioning in the distance either.
“... is this some manner of joke?” Euryale demanded as Asterios squinted into the distance,
trying to pick out any features. “Where are we?”
“Right where Joker said we should go,” she replied bluntly. Despite the surety of her
statement, her arms were crossed as she frowned in consternation. “Ya got complaints, take it
up with him. Though you’ll have to get in line behind me first.”
Ren scanned the horizon, his eyes blood-red once more as he utilized his Third Eye. Indeed,
it was nothing but sea all around them. He considered the facts: Olga would never give him a
dud and Drake’s nautical skills were also beyond approach, yet they were right where they
needed to be.
Factoring all the information together, there was only one conclusion.
“Seems like a lovely day for a swim,” the Phantom Thief remarked, doing some preparatory
stretches as he glanced up at the cloudless sky.
Immediately everyone snapped to Ren as though he had sprouted a second head. “Y-you can’t
be serious,” Ritsuka stammered, her eyes as wide as saucers. “You’re saying the treasure’s

something we have to dive for?!”
“Looks like it,” Ren acknowledged cheerfully. “And I’ve a feeling it’s going to be a bit of a
heavy load. Martha, can you and Tarrasque come along? We’ve no idea what’s in the waters
so it’s probably a good idea to bring the big guns here.”
The saint’s mouth dropped open slightly in shock, then looked over at the sea in concern.
“Are you certain there’s a treasure here, Master?” she inquired. “This trip is likely to be far
more dangerous than our previous expeditions thus far.”
“I’m aware,” he replied calmly, albeit with a slightly serious undertone. “We already got a
small sample back in the storm, and there’s probably bigger fish in the depths too, but we’ll
make it through.”
“May I accompany you as well then, Master?”
The Phantom Thief looked up to see Siegfried walking toward him. “Although aquatic
combat is not my specialty,” he elaborated. “I believe my skills will be useful against the
monsters lurking in the depths. In the worst case, Balmung shall be our best chance to slay a
true leviathan.”
Ren grinned in reply. “Was actually about to ask you to come with as well, Siegfried,” he
agreed. “Glad to have you with me.”
The dragonslayer smiled back. “My sword is, again, at your service,” he acknowledged.
“In that case, I’m going too!” Morgana cried. “Water or not, I’m not letting you dive down
there alone!”
“I’ll join too, senpai,” Mash added.
“Er, I was gonna ask Medea for some protections and enchantments,” the Phantom Thief
pointed out. “And they have to last the entire dive too, so more people makes that harder. It’s
probably better to keep it just Martha, Siegfried, and I.”
Mash and Morgana both froze at the statement, then opened their mouths for a
counterargument.
“Guys, let’s just leave him to it,” Ritsuka suddenly spoke up. She had her arms crossed and
was looking over the sea with a pensive expression. “He’s thought this through and knows
best out of all of us how this is gonna play out. It’s better to just trust him and let him see it
through.”
For a moment, everyone stared at the redhead in silence. Finally, Ren smiled. “Thanks,
Ritsuka,” he said earnestly.
The girl looked over and smiled back.
Morgana could only sigh. “Alright, fine,” he grumbled. “But the moment you get into
trouble, I’m diving in after you!”

Ren chuckled. “I know,” he accepted. “Now, let’s get to work – we’re burning daylight!”
With that, he dashed off the back of the ship and easily vaulted off the railing, landing
gracefully on the deck, then proceeded down into the hold.
The saint could only massage her head. “I truly can’t make heads or tails of him as a person,
let alone a Master,” she grumbled.
Siegfried smiled sympathetically. “The whims of our Master are at times a mystery of the
ages,” he admitted.
A few minutes later, Ren, Siegfried, and Martha had gathered at the edge of the ship. A rope
had been tossed over the side, where Tarrasque awaited below.
Drake’s crew had taken to the dragon with humorous gusto as they seemed to with everything
else. They already tried to slip the mighty creature drinks several times now, though each
time Martha swiftly ran them off. Even now, they heartily waved and cheered down to the
giant with aplomb as the Chaldeans prepared to lower themselves onto its back.
Medea circled around the three, making sure her enchantments would hold against the
dangers and mysteries of the unknown sea. “As lightly as you have taken it so far,” she noted
as she adjusted a few parameters. “Poseidon still holds some authority here. Curb your
recklessness – this shall be far more dangerous than the previous islands.”
“Roger that,” the Phantom Thief acknowledged, then glanced over at the other two. “Have
you guys ever been diving before?”
“Swimming once or twice, but not often,” Martha admitted. “Most of my duties require me to
be on land, rarely at sea.”
“I’ve been on a few hunting expeditions offshore,” Siegfried commented, glancing out at the
ocean. “Fighting sea creatures in their own home territory has always been difficult, even at
the best of times. I’m glad we’ve a proficient Caster with us to help mitigate the dangers.”
The Caster glanced over at the Saber before returning to her work. “Your praise is
unnecessary, but accepted regardless,” she noted, albeit with a hint of smugness in her voice.
“Just know it is not foolproof. I will do my best to maintain and adjust them as all of you
dive, but you should still avoid unnecessary dangers.”
Ren looked over to see Mash looking around worriedly. “Everything alright?” he asked.
The Shielder blinked in surprise, then hesitantly nodded. “Yes, senpai,” she answered.
“Though it’s just…”
She paused, looking down at the ocean as she tried to find her words. The Phantom Thief
waited with a patience she still never felt she deserved as a small, cheeky smile slowly grew
on his expression.
“Take your time, Mash,” he reassured her. “I’m right here.”

Mash opened her mouth slightly, then closed her eyes. Hesitation filtered through every part
of her body, even as the void in her chest that had only just felt the first touch of fulfillment
gnawed away at her.
“I have something I think I want to ask,” she finally spoke, her voice nothing more than a
shaky whisper. “But…I don’t know if I have the right to say it.”
Ren blinked, then let out a small laugh. “You are adorable, Mash,” he remarked.
The Shielder flushed in shock and embarrassment. “Huh!?” she squeaked. “S-Senpai! That’s
not-!”
He walked forwards with an easy stride, stopping her flustered panic with a gentle pat on the
shoulder. “You’re still so worried about that kinda thing,” he said. “And I get it, this mission
is so important it’s hard to dream about anything else.”
His smile was small, but as he continued, the sunlight seemed to make his warm expression
shine in her eyes.
“But instead of asking permission all the time, you’re pretty smart, Mash,” Ren continued.
“You know the risks and you know what you want. I knew that since you drew the sword.”
He took his hand off her shoulder and raised it between them to instead beckon her towards
him with a wave. His smile rose into an almost challenging smirk.
“So, call it to you,” he finished. “Close your eyes and hold it in your hand, then tell me what
you wanna do. You can even whisper it in my ear if you’re too embarrassed.”
She was still blushing. She could hardly help it when he was this close, especially when he
was saying things like that. But even with her mind frazzled, the beating of her heart still
pulled her forward. She reached out her hands and let the image of the sword fill her mind,
and in only a blink, it returned to her grip.
Where it was always meant to be.
She closed her eyes, the essence of the weapon passing through her senses.
The solid weight of it, the keen sharpness of the blade, its sturdiness and surety in her hand. It
filled her with a boldness she hadn’t known before. The spirit of courage itself seemed to all
but radiate from its elegant sheen.
Despite everything, her own better judgment included, her heart was set. With surprisingly
steady steps - and trying her best to ignore the crowd as they stared - she leaned up on her
tiptoes to whisper into Ren’s ear.
The Phantom Thief’s smirk as he listened. “Heh, alright then,” he acknowledged then looked
over his shoulder.
“Medea, think we can squeeze in one more?” he called over as the Shielder’s eyes were fixed
nervously to the floor.

The Caster shot him an annoyed glare before looking over Mash with an analytical eye. The
latter anxiously shifted her weight from leg to leg as she awaited the verdict.
“One more should not make a difference,” Medea finally concluded. “Her durability means I
do not have to dedicate as many enchantments to her either. It is stretching it, but it will
work.”
The Phantom Thief grinned broadly in relief. “I owe you one - or a thousand at this point,
Medea,” he thanked her.
“So long as you’re aware,” the witch sighed before walking over and raising her staff over
Mash to perform the enchantments. She murmured a number of arias under her breath,
causing the Shielder to begin glowing with an aquamarine light. A moment later, they faded
away
Medea looked her over, double checking the enhancements just in case, then nodded with
satisfaction. “Preparations are complete, Master,” she announced. “Depart when you’re
ready.”
“Sounds good,” he replied. He smiled over at Ritsuka, Morgana, and Joan who were seeing
him off. “I’ll catch you guys in a bit.”
“Be careful, Joker,” his best friend warned. “If you’re in trouble, just send some sort of signal
and I’ll head down there right away.”
“Bring us some souvenirs,” the redhead simply replied, matching his smile. It may have been
his imagination, but it seemed more strained and wearier than before.
Joan frowned at him but otherwise simply nodded, then marched off to the back of the ship to
keep watch.
With their farewells said, Ren hopped over the side of the ship. Grabbing the rope, he
rappelled down with ease on the side of the ship and landed solidly on Tarrasque’s back. The
footing was slightly inconvenient given the slopes of the spikes and the moisture of the sea,
but it was manageable.
Reaching down, he patted the dragon. “Hey Tarrasque,” he greeted. “No hard feelings about
the other night?” The legendary creature let out a loud snort, blasting a small wave of water
in front, but otherwise had no other reaction.
The Phantom Thief smiled ruefully. He would have to prepare something to apologize later.
There was a flash of golden light, and Siegfriend and Martha appeared beside him as Mash
soon joined him on the dragon’s back. “Are you ready, Master?” Siegfried asked.
“Ready as I’ll ever be,” the Phantom Thief answered. “Let’s go!”
The dragonslayer nodded. All four crouched down and grabbed hold of a spike. Ren grasped
his own - then frowned. It was far more slippery than he expected. He wouldn’t be able to get

a good grip. The others didn’t seem to be having problems in comparison, making up for it
with their supernatural strength.
“Hey Mash,” he called over. “Do you mind if I grab on to you instead? I can’t get a good
hold on Tarrasque’s spikes.”
The Shielder’s eyes widened in surprise as her face flushed. Unknown to her, Siegfried and
Martha were peering over in curiosity, the former with a small smile and the latter with a
raised eyebrow. “Er, o-of course, senpai,” she barely managed to stammer.
The Phantom Thief grinned. “Thanks so much, Mash,” he replied. Sidling over behind her, he
wrapped his arms around her waist, making sure to have a good grip. “Does this work?” he
checked.
Mash gulped as she squeezed Tarrasque’s spike harder. “Y-yes, that’s fine,” she answered,
keeping her eyes straight ahead. Right now, looking at her senpai was an impossible task.
“Pl-please hold on tight!”
Ren nodded. “You got it,” he acknowledged, then looked over to the other two and nodded in
affirmation.
“We’re diving,” Martha called out. “In three. Two. One!”
On the saint’s count, Tarrasque swam forward and then down. The surface of the ocean raced
up towards them like a subtle yet all-consuming wave, swiftly plunging them underwater. A
wall of foam and bubbles floated up, obscuring their vision at first but soon drifted away, like
a white curtain for a show being lifted.
And what Ren saw mystified him.
An endless blue space stretched before him on all sides. Sunlight filtered through the surface
of the sea, shattering them into sparkling rays that danced and glittered like countless
spotlights. The distance beyond was shrouded in azure, carrying with it the promise of
mystery, adventure – and danger.
As the dragon began dipping down, his view was pulled toward the depths. He couldn’t even
see the bottom, nor even darkness. All he could see was a deeper shade of blue stretching on
to infinity. In this expanse, there was nothing else besides himself, his Servants, the ship, and
Tarrasque. The smallness of his own existence was laid out before his eyes.
And yet despite it all, it was absolutely…
‘Beautiful.’
Mash’s thoughts whispered in his mind idly, like a comforting whisper. ‘Yeah, it is,’ he
quietly agreed.
No wonder why so many people fell in love with the sea, with all its harshness and dangers.
He wondered if this was what Drake felt each time she set out on her voyages.

‘Communications check.’
The curt voice of Medea cut across his sense of wonder as her words floated in through his
ear cuff. ‘Reading you loud and clear,’ Ren reported. ‘How are we looking so far?’
‘I do not detect any mysteries or hostiles within the vicinity,’ Medea replied. ‘However, the
concentration of magic is still relatively light near the surface. It will get thicker as you swim
into the depths.’
‘Roger that,’ the Phantom Thief acknowledged. ‘In that case, down we go.’ Looking over to
Martha, he gave a gesture to continue. The saint nodded in reply and a moment later,
Tarrasque began diving into the murky depths.
Clinging onto his sturdy Kouhai, he looked himself over. Despite being underwater, he was
breathing normally, with his vision unhindered by the water. While he still experienced the
weightlessness of being underwater and the water resistance brushing against him, he felt
almost completely dry.
Looking around him, it seemed like Mash, Siegfried, and Martha were in a similar state.
‘Enchantments are holding up so far,’ he noted, broadcasting his thoughts not only to Medea
but also to his companions. ‘How’s everyone else?’
‘Quite comfortable, all things considered,’ Siegfried noted.
‘No problems here, senpai,’ the Shielder responded. The water current had pushed her up
against him, but she hadn’t seemed to notice. The Phantom Thief decided to not mention it
for the time being.
‘Aside from the rather odd sensation of being underwater without the attendant dangers, I’m
doing fine as well,’ Martha answered.
‘Good to hear,’ the Caster responded. ‘Report to me if anything changes.’
Ren smiled as she cut off contact. His eyes turned red again as he activated his red eye to
scan their surroundings – and blinked as the fierce, bright blue glow of Tarrasque temporarily
blinded him. Nevertheless, it was a reassuring sight.
Looking up, he peered into the ocean around him. Within the murk, he saw glimmers of
different lights like stars in an evening sky – a few blue dots, many more yellow points… and
a small number of red ones. Most of them were at a distance, but he eyed them warily just in
case.
Suddenly, he felt a tug on his sleeve. ‘Senpai, over there,’ Mash gasped.
Deactivating his Third Eye, he turned to look – and his eyes widened as he saw a pod of sea
creatures swimming by. They were each the size of cars, with great fins both in front and
back as they smoothly glided through the water a distance away. He could barely make out
their eyes – beady black dots that hovered over their extended mouths.

They watched them as they swam by above them, seemingly unknowing or unconcerned with
their presence. ‘What are those, Medea?’ Ren asked.
There was a pause. ‘… I do not know,’ the witch admitted. ‘Most likely a type of phantasmal
species. Poseidon’s domain was far vaster than many mortals comprehend. His subjects were
spread far and wide, some of them never revealing themselves to humanity save via spare
glances.’
‘Makes sense,’ the Phantom Thief mused. ‘Even during modern times, the oceans are far less
explored than the land.’
He leaned over to look at Mash’s face. The wonder and awe in her eyes brought a warm smile
to his face. ‘What do you think of the sea?’ he asked.
The Shielder started a bit in surprise at the question, then turned toward him and beamed. ‘It
is wonderful, senpai,’ she breathed. ‘The surface was already breathtaking, but diving
underneath like this… it’s like I’m entering another world entirely. The recordings I have seen
pale in comparison.’
Then she noticed how close their faces were and immediately turned away, feeling heat
suffuse her face once more. They had been close like this a few times before, so why was she
now so self-conscious of it?
Meanwhile, Ren couldn’t help but laugh. ‘Yeah, the ocean documentaries I’ve seen really
undersell it,’ he agreed. ‘And they were pretty cool to watch. But then, we are in a mystical
ocean. Think that changes things?’
‘I believe the sea holds its own grandeur, no matter the age,’ Siegfried supplied, causing the
two to look over in curiosity. ‘Though the modern world likely has less phantasmal beings
within, it doesn’t change the power and beauty of the ocean.’
‘And storms are just as dangerous for those looking to traverse it,’ Martha added. ‘Sailors
have a dangerous duty no matter the era.’
‘Then maybe I should become a sailor,’ the Phantom Thief joked. ‘Adventure, danger, and
mystery all wrapped in one soaked package – what’s not to love?’
‘Master!’ the Rider groaned as Siegfried let out a hearty laugh and Mash giggled in response.
Through the ear cuff Ren could also sense Medea’s irritation through her frosty silence. He
could only chuckle at the outrage.
Further and further down Tarrasque dived. Darkness closed in on them, slowly but surely.
The glimmering rays of sunlight gradually faded into a glow above that steadily dimmed. It
was quiet all around them, with only the dragon’s feet stroking through the water reaching
their ears.
Then a low, hissing growl echoed through the depths, vibrating the very sea around them.

Tarrasque immediately stopped his dive, baring his fangs in preparation for a fight. In their
free hands, everyone summoned their weapons while still clinging on to the dragon’s back
spikes, bracing themselves for impact. Mash instinctively reached down with her free hand
and grasped Ren’s arm around her. Securing him as the Phantom Thief raised his pistol.
For a moment, nothing happened. They were still alone through the dark, shrouded depths.
Despite that, Ren could feel a presence close by, powerful and almost overbearing. He began
accessing his Third Eye again to check his surroundingsSuddenly, a gigantic sea serpent drifted above them. Dwarfing even Tarrasque, it was difficult
to make out any detail about it in the shadow save the size. They watched in silence as it
swam past, its great sinuous length gliding through the water like a river amidst the sea.
Another growl rumbled through the depths, causing the waters to quake once again. Despite
that, it never stopped or turned, instead simply swimming on. After what felt like an eternity,
they finally saw its tail, gently whipping and lashing through the water like a rudder, then that
too faded into the silent murk of the depths.
‘Medea, you there?’ Ren called out. Even his own mental voice was quiet, wishing not to
disturb the quiet of the darkened sea.
‘I hear you, though only just,’ the witch replied. ‘The concentration of magical energy is
getting stronger. I’m adjusting to compensate.’
‘You were not aware of such a large creature within our vicinity?’ Siegfried inquired.
‘Only once it drew near,’ the Caster admitted. ‘It is currently like scrying through fog. There
is only so much I can do remotely with little preparation. Again, I advise caution.’
‘It’s good we have Tarrasque with us,’ Martha murmured as the dragon continued swimming
down now that the threat had passed. ‘Otherwise, that might’ve gotten very bad.’
‘Senpai, are you alright?’ Mash quickly asked in concern, looking behind her.
Ren smiled. In response, he twisted his hand and gave hers a squeeze. ‘I am, thanks to you,’
he replied. ‘Thanks again for looking out for me, Mash.’
The Shielder was still clearly tense as she held her protective grip on his arm, but she still
managed a smile nevertheless. ‘Of course, Senpai,’ she murmured. ‘I won’t let anything hurt
you.’
‘And you’re doing a great job of that,’ he remarked – and glanced down in slight surprise
when she unconsciously pulled him closer.
He chuckled to himself. Mash could be surprisingly smooth when she wasn’t thinking about
it, he should try to instigate it a bit more often.
Deeper and deeper they dived. Cerulean waters gave way to azure, then inky blue. And it
only became yet darker as they continued their voyage. The sunlight above them was nothing

more than a fading spot of light, rapidly vanishing from view. Darkness descended – or rather
ascended – shrouding the murky seas and plunging them into the abyss.
The Phantom Thief looked around them. The figures of Tarrasque, his Servants, and Mash
were barely visible, as though they were outlined by a faint glow. Likely another
enchantment of Medea’s to ensure they could locate and see each other, just in case. He
wondered if their visibility was generally enhanced for the darkness, but there was nothing
else to see.
Before long, there was nothing. It felt as though everything in existence was removed. In the
depths of the ocean, even the very concept of light seemed utterly alien. Save for the feeling
of water brushing past them, it almost seemed as though they weren’t moving whatsoever.
Only the sound of Tarrasque’s great limbs told them otherwise.
Every so often, a sound echoed through the sea – a growl, a hiss, even at times a scream or
screech. They always were some great distance away, yet the adrenaline spiked through his
system each time. He checked each time with his Third Eye, yet he saw nothing. Whether it
was because they were too far or were concealed from him in some way, he couldn’t tell.
The gloom of the depths felt suffocating, and the water wasn’t helping. Was there nothing
there or were they being watched? He could feel goosebumps on his arms at the mere
thought.
After what felt like an eternity passed, a voice barely reached Ren’s mind. ‘You are nearing
the seafloor, Master,’ Medea reported. Her voice was barely audible, sounding incredibly
distant and muffled.
‘Got it,’ the Phantom Thief replied. ‘Thanks as always, Medea.’
Cutting off contact, he looked over at the others. They were still visible thanks to the witch’s
enchantments, but only just. ‘We’re almost to the bottom,’ he explained. ‘Can we stop here?
Don’t want Tarrasque disturbing the seabed and possibly burying the treasure.’
Martha nodded and glanced up toward Tarrasque’s head. A moment later, the dragon slowed
down then stopped, floating like an island amidst the abyss. ‘What are we going to do now,
Master?’ she inquired.
‘If I’m correct, the treasure should be just underneath us,’ he mused. ‘You guys stay up here
and keep watch, make sure no predators or some other thing sneaks up on us. I’ll head down,
locate it, then we’ll have Tarrasque haul it back up.’
‘S-senpai, that’s far too risky!’ Mash cried, turning back towards him. Though her face was
completely hidden in shadow, he could easily imagine her worried expression. ‘Please, at
least allow me to accompany you for your protection!’
Ren grinned. ‘Thanks Mash, but in this case, it’s probably safer if I go alone,’ he explained.
‘Here, let me show you.’

Releasing his grip around Mash’s waist, he gently kicked himself off Tarrasque’s back, to the
shock of the others. His circuits began glowing faintly as he once again reached for his
metaphorical mask.
‘Masks of my soul,’ he inwardly intoned as he ripped it off. ‘Become my wings of rebellion!’
In moments, seaweed-like tentacles and strands sprouted from his waist and legs. Growing at
a rapid pace, they soon extended past his legs before loosely bunching together at the end,
turning them into an approximation of a tail. Despite the dense tangle that now surrounded
them, his legs felt well unimpeded.
The Phantom Thief smirked. He knew Kelpie wouldn’t let him down.
‘Master?’ the saint called out in concern. ‘Are you alright?’
In response, Ren swam toward them. Despite the loose feeling of his ‘tail’, he glided through
the water as swiftly as any fish. Deciding to test its limits, he sped up and dove past them,
looping around Tarrasque at almost dizzying speeds.
It felt almost as exhilarating as his first flight. Almost.
Popping up in front of Tarrasque, he gave the great dragon’s surprised features a grin before
swimming back up. He relished the surprised expressions of Mash and his Servants as he
drifted down next to them. ‘I think that’ll do it,’ he concluded.
‘Another form?’ Siegfried commented, squinting through the dark to try and get a better
view. ‘You have taken to your new magecraft with gusto, it seems.’
‘Can’t argue there; I feel like a kid in a toy store,’ Ren admitted with a small laugh. ‘But
yeah, I’m a pretty fast swimmer like this – probably fast enough to make my way back to you
guys before something decides to take a bite out of me. Having too many of us go may alert
something, so it’s better if I search by myself.’
‘Are you certain about this?’ Martha worriedly asked. ‘Even Medea can’t detect what may
lurk on the bottom, and this short distance may still be too far for us to reach you in time.’
‘I won’t play around here,’ the Phantom Thief promised them. ‘I’m strictly looking for the
treasure then relaying the location to you guys. Once we get it, we’re out of here.’
‘Senpai…’ Mash began, then paused. He looked over in curiosity as she seemed to wrestle
with her words. ‘Please stay safe,’ she finally finished, almost pleading.
He smiled in reply. ‘I promise,’ he answered. Turning downward, he dove deeper into the
depths. In the darkness of the depths, even the great figure of the dragon soon faded into the
void.
Ren breathed a soft sigh as he swam toward the depths. Reaching up, he gently rubbed his
eyes through his eyelids, feeling a faint ache pulsing behind them. At least the dizziness from
the hangover had alleviated before setting out.

He wasn’t sure how much he had drunk, but he remembered growing sleepy and dozing off.
Apparently, after he had passed out, Siegfried had by Drake’s request surreptitiously carried
him back to his hammock to sleep it off.
A slight frown creased his lips as he kept swimming down through the darkness. Despite that,
he still remembered everything: every thought he had, the taste of the sack… and every word
he had said. He thought he had mastered holding his tongue, but he greatly underestimated
the power of alcohol.
It was frustrating, he had to admit, that for all his efforts he could still be peeled open so
easily. Secrets just spilled out with barely any prompting from the captain. His thoughts on
Chaldea, his worries, fears, goals and pains… such information could do a lot of damage if
the wrong ears heard.
Beyond even the sting from his own frailty, it was dangerous.
The Phantom Thief could only let out a quiet sigh, a sound that was almost terrifyingly loud
in the silent depths. For now, it seemed only Drake had heard him, and she wasn’t the type to
blather about his secrets.
Once more, he checked to make sure Mash’s protection against toxins and poisons was active
again. He honestly felt ridiculous for how paranoid he was getting about it, but getting drunk
once was far more than enough for him.
He would handle it just like he always had: Drawing strength from others until he could stand
and march forward, no matter the burden. That was his promise to himself, and what the
world needed.
Pushing aside his ruminations for now, he continued diving deeper. Compared to the surface,
the seawater now was frigid, chilling him down to the bone. He was sure Medea’s
enchantments were the only thing keeping him from a frigid death.
The darkness was just as disorienting as the cold. It was impossible to tell which way was up,
down, left, or right. The bubbles filtering upwards from his breath were the only sense of
direction he had.
His eyes turned red as he activated his Third Eye again. But even then it hardly made a
difference: though his own body and the sea floor came into view through grey outlines, the
sheer absence of the depths left nothing for his enhanced eyes to process at all.
Taking a breath to steady himself, he continued diving. This was far different than being in a
pitch-black room. On solid land, he had options. Whether it was inching his way across the
ground, finding a wall or an object and figuring out by touch, or simply sensing the shift in
the air around him, he could at least get some sense of his bearings.
But here, in the depths of the sea that had possibly never seen light before, there was no such
luck. Not only did the darkness rob him of sight, the water also muffled his hearing, smell,
and sense of touch. He could’ve swum straight into a cave or a mouth of a sea monster and he
wouldn’t have been able to tell.

Despite the openness of the ocean and Medea’s enchantments, it felt suffocating. It felt like
he was in a prison almost tailor-made for him.
A pang of fear surged through his body and clutched at his heart – a familiar sensation for
him and one he accepted. Only an idiot wouldn’t be at least somewhat afraid here. But he
would manage, as he always did. Fear was an old companion of his at this point, after all.
‘Still there, Medea?’ he called out.
‘… -rely,’ came the witch’s voice, distorted and faint. ‘… interference… ard to…. municate….
still… racking…’
‘I can barely hear you, Medea,’ he replied. ‘Just shout if anything hostile’s coming my way.’
There was no answer, nor did he expect one. Probably from the sheer density of the ether
here. He still remembered the lecture from Da Vinci on the matter.
The mystery preserved in the deep sea meant a much higher density of ether along with it,
which his modern human body was terribly adapted to. Even with the protection of Medea’s
spell, that more than anything else weighed into him.
But that didn’t matter now, all he could do now was keep diving into the depths.
Soon, a vast floor loomed out of the darkness – solid, sandy, and pale, like the surface of the
moon. It felt strange – he was perhaps the first person to ever visit the seafloor here, and most
likely the only person who ever will. If Medea’s protections faltered even slightly here, then
that would be the end of him in the blink of an eye.
As he swam closer and the seafloor came into focus, his eyes widened mildly in surprise.
Instead of a barren wasteland, it was surprisingly teeming with life: starfish slowly but surely
making their paths toward new sources of food, crustaceans crawling about, rare tiny lights of
anglerfish, and more that he probably couldn’t see well.
It was beautiful in its own bizarre way. Alien and strange, yet colorful and shining. The lack
of light and extreme pressure of the depths molded the small beings, forcing them to adapt to
the inhospitable environment.
Despite everything, their smallness and frailty also made some part of him want to protect
them. A delicate system, perched on the edge of the abyss.
Then a larger fish hidden between rocks darted out to snatch up a smaller one. Life here knew
no peace, and just as it knew no ease, the corpse of another life drifting to the depths was all
the lifeline they had for the tiny denizens of this wasteland.
No matter how much you try, or work for so long, the smallest injustice can wipe it all out,
leave you with nothing… Don’t you, of all people, understand that!?
Maruki’s words echoed unbidden in his mind, much to his exhaustion. As much as he
opposed his former counselor, he felt that point was hard to argue, especially from where he

stood: scraping the depths of the ocean for what little scraps of strength after the end of the
world.
It would be easy to imagine his previous choice was a mistake like this, just as the starfish
desperately scavenged from what was left of a long decayed marlin.
But… they still fought, didn’t they? They still wanted to live. They had no hesitation; none of
the flitting creatures below him did. With the weight of the entire ocean on their backs, they
pushed forward regardless.
Despite everything, he smiled to himself. Even in this frigid, absolute darkness, life still
teemed and thrived. Through oppressive odds, living beings still carved out their paths as best
they could.
‘Master, is everything alright?’
Siegfried’s voice cut through his thoughts. ‘So far so good,’ he reported casually. ‘I just
reached the seafloor. It should be closer to swim over – I’m not seeing anything out of the
ordinary here.’
‘Very well,’ the dragonslayer acknowledged. ‘Do you have eyes on the treasure?’
‘Not yet, but it shouldn’t be too long,’ he replied. ‘I’ll let you know as soon as I have it.’
Sensing the acknowledgement from Siegfried, he cut off their mental contact. He activated
his Third Eye once again as he searched for the treasure. His already shrouded surroundings
darkened as he swam slowly in a circle, checking his surroundings for anything that stood
out.
Then a glimmer of blue light in the distance on the seafloor caught his attention. His eyes
widened and he began excitedly swimming towards it – and paused as a large, glowing
yellow light revealed itself right beside it underneath the seafloor. It was about the size of a
whale, easily dwarfing him. While it wasn’t hostile, he wasn’t sure how long that would last.
Ren crossed his arms as he considered his options. Before he could fully retrieve the treasure,
he needed to drop off at least some of it into the Velvet Room, which meant he couldn’t ask
the others to grab it immediately. Igor had asked him to keep the Room a secret and he had
no intention of breaking his promise.
He smirked as he decided. There wouldn’t be a better time to see how stealthy he could be
underwater.
Drifting down, he slowly and carefully made his way toward the treasure, keeping an eye on
the great yellow light. It was motionless as he approached, making sure to move his limbs as
little as possible and allowing his momentum to propel him forward instead. It was as still as
a statue, as though it was sleeping… or waiting.
Keeping low to the seafloor, he glided his way forward, weaving through rocky outcrops. He
gently pushed on a stone to propel him forward and gauged its reaction. Certain creatures, he

recalled, could detect the presence of others by vibrations either through water or the ground.
It was better to find out now than when he was almost right on top of it.
Yet still, the creature didn’t move in the slightest, nor did the yellow light change whatsoever.
Did it not notice him? While unnerving, for now, there was little other option than to continue
forward while keeping an eye on it.
Bit by bit, he made his way forward. He prowled and drifted through the darkness of the
depths, taking shallow breaths to minimize his disturbance through the water. The kelp-like
extensions fluttered and drifted alongside him, easily sliding through the water and helping
him move far faster than any regular human could.
Before long, he was at the chest – and almost right on top of the creature lurking beside it. Its
color hadn’t shifted still, nor had it moved in the slightest. He was thankfully at its side,
meaning it needed to turn if it became hostile. It would buy him a precious few seconds to
escape if worse came to worse.
Floating down to the treasure chest, the Phantom Thief mentally adjusted his Third Eye.
Right now, he simply needed the chest to stop glowing so he could see what he was doing.
He blinked – and suddenly it was no longer blinding, but the creature was still shining just as
brightly as before.
Ren smiled in satisfaction. Exactly what he needed.
He made his way closer to the chest until he could pick out its details. Medea’s enchantments
didn’t grant him the best vision in absolute darkness of the murky depths, but it sufficed. It
was a box made of a green-like metal, etched with all sorts of reliefs that he couldn’t make
out with his limited vision, all sealed by an elaborate, complex-looking lock in front.
Reaching into his jacket, he took out his perma-pick set and got to work, first feeling out the
pins through his lockpick. It was trickier than usual: the water around him combined with the
frigid temperature made feeling out the pins and shear lines considerably more difficult.
Being afloat also meant he couldn’t turn the torsion wrench as well either.
Then there was the lock itself. While its mechanisms were thankfully similar to regular locks,
it was still more complex than a normal padlock, and the hindered visibility certainly didn’t
help in that regard either.
However, none of those factors deterred Ren. Instead, he found himself enjoying the new
puzzle laid before him. This was the most fun bit of lockpicking he had done in a long while.
And the creature either slumbering or simply unaware of his presence nearby only added
more spice to the challenge.
Slowly but surely he worked, pushing the pins to their respective shear lines and twisting the
torque wrench to lock them in place. Its unorthodox shaping and construction made it
difficult, but he adjusted easily enough. It was simply making sure none of his progress was
undone as he continued.

Every so often he glanced over at the creature burrowed beside him, watching for any signs
of movement. At times, he wasn’t sure if the yellow light representing the creature shifted or
if it was just a trick of the eye. Yet in the end, he continued working.
Finally, the lock clicked, turned, and opened. Immediately the lid was flung back as air
bubbles burst out, burbling loudly as they vanished into the darkness above. The Phantom
Thief immediately whirled to check if the creature reacted, ready to bolt if necessary.
A moment passed. Then another. He could feel a shiver down his spine as he waited for the
creature’s reaction.
Then the creature began shifting, alarming Ren enough that he started swimming backwards,
trying to gain distance from it. However, it seemed to be burrowing itself deeper instead of
surfacing. The unknown beast soon fell still again, and the silence of the depths pervaded
once more.
Ren blinked in surprise, then breathed a small sigh of relief. It seemed like things worked out
for him, but he wasn’t about to linger for much longer. Carefully swimming back down, he
looked over the contents of the chest – and his eyes widened at what he saw.
Gold.
The chest was practically overflowing with gold coins. It wasn’t regular gold either – it
shimmered and almost seemed to glow faintly despite the darkness of the seafloor. He
delicately picked one up and looked it over. Etched on it were symbols and iconography he
couldn’t recognize for the life of him. Maybe Drake would know.
In the meantime, he accomplished his goal. Now he just needed to deposit the gold – and
right on cue, there was a faint glow next to the treasure chest. Looking over, he saw a familiar
looking drop box glimmering with the ever-present blue of the Velvet Room.
Reaching up to the treasure chest, he began scooping handfuls of gold coins and dropped
them in. He idly wondered how much would be enough to satisfy its conditions. If he took
too much, Drake would be suspicious and the resulting confrontation would be troublesome.
After about the tenth handful, the door to the drop box slid out of his grasp almost
inadvertently. It closed, then faded from view into nothing. The Phantom Thief couldn’t help
but blink again in mild surprise. He expected to deposit a lot more but if that was all Igor and
Lavenza needed, he wasn’t about to complain.
Looking over the treasure, he gently smoothed over the considerable remainder of the gold
coins to make them seem as undisturbed as possible. Once he was satisfied with it, he
reached up and closed the lid, hearing the lock slide back into place with a click. Now that he
opened it once, it would most likely be easier to open again once it was brought up to the
surface.
Taking out the ball of yarn Morgana had given him, he wrapped a string around the chest and
tied it off, then he began swimming back toward Tarrasque, following the tugging feeling

Medea had enchanted on him. As he did, he unspooled the yarn, the vivid red string only
barely visible in the darkness.
‘Senpai?’ Mash called out worriedly. ‘You’re taking a while – is everything okay?’
‘Hey Mash,’ he replied cheerfully. ‘I’m fine. Sorry for the quiet – I was focused on the
treasure and it took me a while. But I found it and I’m on the way back now.’
‘Oh, that’s good,’ the Shielder breathed. He could feel her sheer relief through their mental
connection. ‘We were about to set off in search for you. You had been quiet for so long, after
all.’
‘Sorry about that,’ Ren apologized with a rueful laugh. ‘At least we have the treasure now.
Fair warning though, there’s something nesting in the ground right beside it. About the size of
a whale. Didn’t seem all too hostile when I was over there but with Tarrasque, I’ve no clue
how it’ll react.’
There was a moment of silence, then Mash replied, ‘Martha said Tarrasque should be able to
handle it. Very well done, senpai!’
He grinned. ‘All in a day’s work for a Phantom Thief,’ he casually acknowledged.
Before long, the figure of the dragon loomed out of the darkness as he approached, followed
by the figures of his very concerned Servants and Mash. They followed the thread toward the
treasure chest, keeping an eye out for any predators that sought to ambush them. Before long,
they were right over it.
‘Where is the creature?’ Siegfried asked, squinting into the seafloor below to catch sight of it.
Ren looked around with this Third Eye, then pointed. ‘Right over there,’ he answered.
Then suddenly, it shifted and began scurrying away, causing the seafloor above to collapse –
and the chest began sinking into the ground with it. ‘Crap. Grab it!’ he ordered.
Tarrasque swooped in and, with surprising dexterity for its size, scooped up the treasure chest
in a great claw. Dirt and rubble cascaded down as the dragon secured its hold. ‘Tarrasque has
the treasure, Master,’ Martha announced with a smile.
The Phantom Thief grinned. ‘Great job, everyone,’ he congratulated. ‘Especially you,
Tarrasque. Remind me to treat you sometime for your work.’ The dragon let out a pleased
huff in response. ‘Now, let’s head back up – I’m calling this a successful expedition.’
He took his seat behind Mash again, wrapping his arms securely around her waist. The
Shielder gulped before placing a hand over his to make sure he was in place - and no other
reason.
Martha spared a glance over at the two, smiled then transmitted her thoughts to Tarrasque.
‘Let’s go,’ she commanded.

The Tarrasque let out a growl of affirmation before turning with surprising alacrity and began
swimming upward. They held out tightly to its shell as they rapidly ascended from the
depths, leaving the seafloor behind.
Ren couldn’t help but take one last look back. The creatures there would continue their life as
they always had. Their visit was ultimately irrelevant. They would continue to strive,
struggle, carve out their place, and survive as best they could.
How resilient.
‘Something amusing, Master?’ Siegfried asked curiously.
The Phantom Thief didn’t even notice he was smiling again. ‘No, nothing,’ he brushed off.
‘Just happy to be here.’
The dragonslayer nodded with a smile of his own. ‘As are we,’ he replied before facing
forward again.
With each stroke of Tarrasque’s mighty limbs, they kept climbing and climbing. The depths
around them slowly brightened, darkness yielding back to blue as the sea above them started
almost glowing. Though they didn’t encounter any more aquatic life, they kept watch
regardless for anything hostile.
Azure gave way to cerulean, then to aquamarine as they neared the surface. The glow above
steadily became brighter and brighter, then started breaking as the waves became visible. As
they ascended, a school of fish flowed around them like a silver river, breaking in either
direction as they swam past.
Ren and Mash couldn’t help but stare in wonder as they passed by. ‘I wonder where they’re
going,’ the former mused.
‘Maybe migrating to a new feeding ground?’ the Shielder suggested as they watched the fish
vanish into blue beyond. ‘Schools like these often have to for reproduction purposes. It’s a
dangerous journey with so many predators out at sea, so they congregate in such numbers as
a method of defense.’
‘Strength in numbers, huh?’ the Phantom Thief chuckled. ‘That sounds rather familiar.’
Moments later, they finally surfaced some distance from the Golden Hind with a great splash,
seafoam splashing everywhere. Ren blinked as his eyes adjusted to pure sunlight again, then
stretched. The warmth of the surface was almost blazing compared to the coolness of the sea
or the cold of the depths. He took a deep breath, relishing the fresh air.
He had enjoyed his time diving into the sea, but the surface and land was where he belonged.
Well, not that enough treasure couldn’t persuade him back down into the depths. He couldn’t
even pretend to have that much restraint.
Tarrasque began swimming back toward the ship with a more casual pace, almost drifting
like a gigantic piece of flotsam. Ren glanced up to see the others gathering on the side of the

ship and raised a hand.
“Ahoy there!” he called out. “We miss much?”
“A bunch of mermaids and sirens swam right by crooning their hearts out!” Drake yelled
back with a broad grin. “Shame you weren’t here – they were probably your type!”
The Phantom Thief laughed. “A shame indeed!” he agreed. “But I do have priorities here!”
“You got the treasure?!” Morgana cried, almost bouncing on the banister.
“You’ll see!” he shouted back. His grin widened when Morgana groaned in frustration in
response as Drake and the crew laughed heartily.
Once they reached the Golden Hind, Drake’s crew tossed sets of ropes over the side. As the
others ascended, Ren grabbed a set of ropes, dived off Tarrasque, and tied them to the chest.
When he was done, he resurfaced and waved.
At the Phantom Thief’s signal, the sailors grabbed their ropes and began hauling up the
treasure chest up the side of the ship. “Heave! Ho! Heave! Ho!” they chanted, pulling in
rhythm. Siegfried, Martha, Joan, Ritsuka, and Mash joined in while Morgana kept watch over
the side of the ship, making sure nothing went wrong.
Ren meanwhile stayed perched on the chest, a hand on the rope to support himself. As he
approached the banister, he hopped up and mantled over before seizing a rope and helped pull
the remaining distance. Once the chest was high enough, Siegfried and Martha grabbed it and
hoisted it onto the deck, placing it down with a solid thunk.
Drake stepped forward, looking over the chest with an appraising eye. The greenish metal
gleamed with surprising luster under the afternoon sun, with almost no tarnish or blemish
despite its time in the depths. Engravings were carefully cast and carved on the sides and lid,
displaying symbols and scenes of the container’s owner.
Ritsuka looked it over in curiosity. “... the art looks a bit like what I’ve seen on Greek
pottery,” she quietly commented. “But… different somehow? Not sure how besides the fact
it’s metal, not paint on clay.”
“Ya got a good eye, Red,” the captain praised with a grin. “But you’re slightly off the mark
there. The treasure we got here ain’t Greek, but pretty damn close. Hell, I’ll bet you anything
the box itself here is worth a fortune - it’s not rusted bronze or brass, that’s for sure.” She
gave it a small kick for emphasis.
With that, she whirled around as her eyes glittered with excitement and greed. “Oi, Joker,”
Drake barked out. “Get this hunk of junk open!”
The Phantom Thief smirked as he slipped out his perma-pick for the second time today.
“Your wish is my command,” he acknowledged with a graceful bow.
Ren grinned, knelt by the lock, and started his work. As he expected, it was far easier to
lockpick the chest above water and with proper lighting despite its complexity. The pins and

shear lines felt completely obvious in comparison with his now unhindered senses, allowing
him to easily lock them in place.
In a fraction of the time, the lock once again clicked open. He flung back the lid - and jumped
back as water splashed out of the chest and onto the deck. Sitting within were the
innumerable gold coins bathed in seawater, gleaming fiercely in the daylight like a thousand
suns.
Drake looked over approvingly with a fierce grin. “Looks like your headings were right on
the mark after all, Joker!” she cried, smacking him hard on the back. “We have a helluva haul
here! They need to be appraised, but I bet my pistols they’re purer than even the finest
goldsmiths can make! Just a few handfuls of these would set anyone for life!”
The sailors immediately broke out cheering and laughing. “We’re gonna be rich!” one of
them hollered. “All hail the captain, and all hail Joker!”
“Right, this is our biggest haul in a while!” Drake roared out. “We’re having a party tonight!
Siegfried, haul up the kegs from the hold! Jackson! Smith! Drain the water from the chest
and get this all stowed away in my cabin! The rest of you lot, unfurl the sails! We got a nice
wind blowing by, and I ain’t gonna miss it for the life of me!”
The sailors shouted back in assent and immediately went back to work. The two that Drake
called out grabbed the chest and started dragging it to the side of the ship to drain the
seawater. Meanwhile, the captain followed to make sure none of the coins got loose – either
by accident or sticky fingers.
She walked by Ren, who was stretching in the open air. “You know, looking at that chest,”
Drake remarked casually. “It’s pretty damn well constructed - enough to be watertight, I’ll
wager. The inside would’ve been nice and dry until the world’s end. What’d you think?”
The Phantom Thief looked over at her with a smirk. “Maybe it’s just a faulty chest,” he
suggested. “They can’t all be masterpieces of craftsmanship. And it’s been down there for a
while too – could’ve sprung a leak.”
“Ya think so, hm?” the captain mused, watching her men slowly drain the water from the
chest. “Well then, so long as the gold is more or less untouched, I suppose I’ll leave it at that.
Just remember, a good treasure is supposed to be shared – and the captain decides who gets
what.”
As her eyes bored into Ren, his smirk widened. “True, but when it comes to business
ventures, unexpected expenditures do happen,” he retorted. “Especially when you hire
freelancers. Finder’s fees, for example.”
They stared one another down, then Drake let out a chuckle. “Fair enough, Joker,” she
relented. “You and yours have earned your fair share here. Just remember your dues – not just
here but anywhere else, or you’re gonna find yourself in a debtor’s prison before long.”
“Already been to jail once, technically,” the Phantom Thief retorted. “But I’ll keep that in
mind.”

The captain let out a guffaw at his response before sauntering off to take a closer look at the
treasure as Ritsuka walked up with a concerned expression. “Everything alright between you
and the captain?” she asked.
“Just a friendly chat between some rogues,” he easily answered, turning toward her. “Come
on, we better help with the setup. Tonight’s party is gonna be loud.”
“I swear, all these guys ever do is party,” Ritsuka grumbled, nevertheless following her senior
Master.
The raucous laughs and cheers of the sailors rang across the sea. It had been truly a fruitful
day for all of them.
---------“Still got eyes on them?”
“Aye, captain,” the woman replied from the crow’s nest. “They’re a couple leagues away, but
no one’s keeping watch. Guess they’re celebratin’ something.”
“Oho? And is our ever so lovely goddess on board?”
“Right on the shoulders of the big, horned one,” she answered. “She sticks out like a sore
thumb among the others.”
“Seems like things are going well, captain,” a man commented as he walked up before
leaning on a nearby mast. “Orders?”
A hook tapped on the railing in contemplation, then lifted off. “What else? Load the guns and
full speed ahead!” he cried out. “We’re gonna catch ‘em with their pants down!”
“Aye aye, captain!” the sailors chorused.
The captain grinned in anticipation as the Jolly Roger was tied to the mast in preparation. He
might not be the terror of the seas anymore, but they would still learn to fear his name.

Chapter End Notes

If you have any questions about the story or the background lore, check the Discord!
You'll get more than you can stomach!
https://discord.gg/wFq2YSSQ3b

Works inspired by this one
[Restricted Work] by SoulMatter
A Trickster’s Training by Bobithica
Fate/Grand Order: 7th Order by Alder_Of_Trees (Alderoftrees), SoulMatter
Summoning the Wild Card's by Dx0
Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

