The Stowaway

Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/28456926.

Rating: Explicit
Archive Warnings: No Archive Warnings Apply, Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Category: F/M
Fandoms: The Mandalorian (TV), Star Wars - All Media Types
Relationships: Din Djarin/Reader, Din Djarin & Reader, Din Djarin & Grogu | Baby

Yoda & Reader, Din Djarin/You, Din Djarin & You, Din Djarin/Original
Female Character(s)

Characters: Din Djarin, Grogu | Baby Yoda, Moff Gideon (Star Wars), Reader, You,
Paz Vizsla

Additional Tags: Canon-Typical Violence, Space Hijinks, Slow Burn, Fluff, Fluff and
Angst, Protective Din Djarin, Bounty Hunters, Mando'a Language (Star
Wars), Mandalorian Culture (Star Wars), Eventual Smut, Domestic,
Domestic Fluff, Din Djarin Needs a Hug, Touch-Starved Din Djarin,
Good Parent Din Djarin, Hurt/Comfort, Other Additional Tags to Be
Added, Nightmares, Blood and Injury, Chapter specific triggers in
Author's notes, Sharing a Bed, slow burn awkwardness, Kidnapping, in
the literal sense, Whump, Badass Din Djarin, Follows Season 1 for the
most part, injuries, Mutual Pining, Yearning, Soft Din Djarin,
Confessions, Mandalorian Warriors, Foundlings, Covert life, Cuddling,
Literal Sleeping Together, Older Brother Paz Vizsla, clan dynamics,
bridal carry, Trademarked for the Slowest of Burns (tm),
Miscommunication, Smut, Angst and Feels

Language: English
Collections: 336 Hours: A Comprehensive and Preeminent Reader-Insert Collection,

Mando x Lecteur, Fanfics To Read Over and Over
Stats: Published: 2020-12-31
Updated: 2023-03-03
Words: 278,070
Chapters:

49/?



The Stowaway
by ThroneoftheThorn

Summary

As you gazed up at the foreboding figure, backlit by the cargo bay lights, you heard a low
modulated voice growl out:

"Who the hell are you?"

---

You hadn't planned on fleeing for your life, jumping planet, and stowing away on a random
vessel. Nor had you planned on being employed by a Mandalorian wanted by the empire for
kidnapping a random baby, having an imperial bounty on your head, and tagging along on
dangerous bounty hunter missions. Least of all, you REALLY hadn't planned on somehow
integrating yourself into the tiny clan of two you found yourself in.

The force moves in mysterious ways, you suppose.

---

Arc Four: The Prisoner, now live

Notes
See the end of the work for notes



Chapter 1: Part One: The Stowaway

Unlike the core worlds, Kaddack wasn't known for its strong oath to the New Republic,
thriving trade network, or affluent citizens. In fact, it was quite the opposite, composed of
disputes from rival gangs and a lawless fend-for-yourself attitude that allowed bounty hunters
and other guild or gang members to thrive. It wasn't uncommon to see unfamiliar faces in
your little corner of the universe. Other than being a hub for organized crime, a guild
network, and a shelter for ex-imperials, Kaddack was well known as a re-supply and
refueling stop. Its status as a pitstop allowed for a revolving door of visitors to your
workplace.

 

You ran a workshop in a far corner of the city, repairing anything that came your way. You
weren’t an expert welder by any means, but you had enough skill to keep folks satisfied and
put food on your table. As a mechanic your skills were always needed by anyone with a ship,
blaster, droid, comm-link, or whatever the case may be. There wasn’t any shortage of labor
on Kaddack, with the constant coming and goings of suspicious looking characters. The
reliable stream of new customers allowed you to eke out a small living on the outer-rim back
world.

 

That being said, you knew the moment that this Trandoshan darkened your doorway that he
wasn't there to request a blaster tune-up.

 

It had been a rather uneventful day, the late, hot afternoon sunlight seeping through the cracks
of your small building and making the room all the hotter. It was almost time to close up
shop, but you had a few more repairs to do and figured you'd keep your door open while you
did them. The smell of burnt metal and the smoke from your small soldering gun wafted
about the room as chatter floated in from the street outside. Sweat beaded your brow, not only
from the temperature, but from the small soldering gun you used to seal a small patch in a
comm-link atop your worktable.

 

A large shadow fell across you as you worked, and instantly you looked up to see a broad
figure standing on the threshold to your shop. As your visitor ducked through the doorway
you realized he was a Trandoshan, known for their ruthless hunting style and massive
strength. A prickle of wariness raised the hair on your neck, but you tried not to let it show as
you stood to greet the exceptionally large reptilian currently occupying what little customer
space there was in your shop.

 



"How can I help you?" You asked nervously, eyeing the blaster rifle strapped to the alien's
shoulder. Subconsciously you reached for your small blaster under your workshop counter
whilst trying to keep a steady, even smile pointed at your visitor. Nervously, your fingers
skimmed the metal of the weapon, even as the Trandoshan towered over your frame.

 

The Trandoshan scanned the room, his inhale a rattling hiss as he scented the air with his
forked tongue. When his eyes finally landed on your smaller form, you felt your muscles
automatically tense in readiness.

 

"Lookin' for the owner." He finally replied, letting his eyes rake over you. Again, you felt that
uneasy hypervigilance nag for your attention. The butt of your blaster felt warm in your
shaking grip. Still, you tried your best to return his hard stare and stand your ground. His
yellow eyes peered at you, almost amused by your attempt at steadfastness.

 

"That would be me." You returned after a pause, swallowing thickly. The air prickled with
heat and an uncomfortable heaviness. Something was wrong. You could tell, the
hypervigilant awareness of it clinging to your skin and senses. Yet it wasn't until the
Trandoshan spoke again that you realized what it was.

 

"Got a message from Graac." He hissed, and as he smiled you could see his rows of sharp
teeth. "He says it's time to return your investment."

 

You felt your heart sink to your stomach like a stone dropped into water. Graac, one of the
local gang leaders. You had taken a loan out from him to put a payment down on buying your
shop. You didn't know at the time that the interest he charged on your balance would
eventually grow to be more than you could ever dream of paying. He had been sending out
his goons to harass you for a while now, and you had managed to stave them off with
promises of another month, another week, just a few more days...

 

"We agreed that I would pay up at the end of the week." You managed, feeling goosebumps
raise on your arms. Your voice sounded hoarse with fear, cracking in your throat as your hand
on the blaster began to tremble.

 

A small series of huffs, what you assumed to be a chuckle, echoed in the Trandoshan's chest.
"Bossss was worried about you jumping planet." He replied, tongue flicking out over the 's'.
"Said to bring you in warm so you two could 'chat'."



 

"I see." You smiled shakily. You could only imagine the end result of this ‘chat.’ No doubt
Graac would find another way to make use of you. You could only imagine your fate: tossed
to a beast, turned into an unwilling servant, sold as a slave, or possibly even worse: made an
unfortunate example of for all of those under his influence.

You had to get out of here, right freaking now.

 

In a heartbeat you raised your blaster, leveling it point blank at Graac’s mercenary with wild,
frightened eyes.

 

Your assailant reacted instantly, knocking your hand sideways so that your aim went wild just
as you pulled the trigger.

 

The shot echoed out deafeningly through your shop and onto the street. Soon there was
screams from outside as the smell of smoldered flesh rose towards the ceiling. You stumbled
backwards, the blaster knocked from your grip as the Trandoshan let out a roar of pain.

 

You missed, just barely.

 

"You'll die for that." The mercenary growled, clutching his oozing shoulder. Green blood wet
his fingers, gushing out onto the floor of your workshop.

 

Dank Ferrick.

 

The hunter reached for you, but you quickly ducked under his lanky grasp. He easily dwarfed
you, but in this small space it worked to your advantage. As he roared in anger and
overturned your repair table you took the chance to dash forward, leaning low and slipping
between his legs. Within a heartbeat you were past him, out the door, and onto the street.

 

You didn't even pause to take a breath before you were hurtling down the walkway to follow
the fleeing crowd. A crash behind you let you know your pursuer was hot on your heels. You



didn't have a plan beyond running as fast and as far as you could, knowing that if you were
caught, dying would be a kind punishment.

 

You shoved yourself forward into the throng of people, warm bodies pressing in on you from
all sides. The crowd jostled its way forward, shouts of confusion and fear ricocheting off the
shanty buildings. You spared a glance backwards to see the Trandoshan hurtling out of your
shop and onto the street, green blood splattering on the sidewalk. Stifling a scream, you
wiggled your way further into the crowd.

 

You were so screwed.

 

Elbowing your way past those around you, you searched for an exit. Something, anything to
let you escape. You needed to lose this guy, and quickly. Even then, it would prove difficult
with his ability to follow your scent. You’d figure that out after you managed to get away.

 

Your eyes landed on a shadow cast by the burning afternoon sun. You tucked into yourself,
making your body smaller and allowing you to slip through the throng of people and off to
your left. You emerged into a small dark alley. Though it was a dead-end, a small waste can
allowed you to clamber up onto a windowsill, and then haul yourself onto a nearby roof.

 

Just as you did the Trandoshan entered into the darkened alcove. You only got a glimpse at
his scaled hissing form staring up at you before you were off and running once more.

 

You didn't get a lot of exercise, being cooped up in your repair-shop all day. Yet you could
feel the adrenaline pumping through you, allowing your feet to fly over the slanted roofs and
balconies of the neighborhood. Below you the crowd murmured with confusion and anxiety,
unsure where the source of the blaster fire had gone. In a moment, the noise picked up and
the crowd parted to allow the hunter to charge through, keeping pace with you from below.

 

He raised his rifle, and you had just enough time to duck as a blaster shot whizzed past your
head. Right, you thought to yourself, rooftops meant clear line of sight. Time for a new plan.
Avoiding the next shot, you turned and skid down the slanted metal under you, trying to
ignore the hot burn and resulting scrapes on your skin. You looked around wildly, eyes finally
catching onto the nearby shipyards.

 



"Good a place as any." You muttered to yourself breathlessly. You dropped off the side of the
roof into a heap, feeling the impact rattle you briefly and steal the breath from your lungs.
Your legs stung from the landing, and you winced. Yet you pushed yourself to your feet once
more, knowing that every heartbeat meant the difference in between escaping and being
caught.

 

As you regained your footing and surged forward once more, you felt rather than heard the
click of a blaster behind you. You tipped sideways, but even that wasn't enough to completely
avoid the shot that caught the edge of your bicep. You opened your mouth to scream at the
searing pain that ripped through your arm, but your voice came out a mere choked and
breathless cry.

 

The street spun before you for a moment, and you looked back to see your pursuer skidding
down the rooftops in the same way you had just come, rifle in hand. Somehow the sight
managed to shake you enough to start running forward once more. Ahead of you, in the
shadows of one of the buildings, stood the perimeter fence for the shipyards. You felt your
heart sink, the tall, mangled fence a seemingly impossible obstacle.

 

You stumbled then, frightened, and unsure. Behind you the Trandoshan's heavy footfalls
seemed to shake the ground. You were trapped.

 

Just as you were about to give up, you glanced back at the fence. To your surprise, a hole in
the base of the fence revealed itself to you. Heart hammering, you lowered yourself and
clambered forward on hands and knees. Red dirt smeared across your front as you quickly
crawled into the gap, remembering to cast up a small plea that you'd make it through before
your pursuer caught up to you.

 

You were almost clear when a solid grip snaked its way around your ankle. You screamed
reflexively, feeling your body scoot backwards as the Trandoshan pulled you towards him.
You scrambled for purchase with your hands, but they only came back with clumps of dry
grass and dirt. For a brief, terrifying moment the hunter’s grip tightened on your ankle, and
you felt inside of it give with a loud, aching pop. You screamed in pain, nearly going limp
with surprise at the sudden white hot burn that raced up your leg.

 

Instead of giving up, however, you kicked wildly and somehow managed to connect your
foot with the hunter’s injured shoulder. He grunted, his grip loosening just enough for you to
wiggle your foot free and pull yourself through the fence-hole.



 

Racing to your feet, chest heaving, you cast your eyes around the shipyard. You needed
somewhere inconspicuous, somewhere easy to get aboard. Almost instantly your eyes landed
on an old pre-Imperial model a ship or two down from you. The steady thrum of engines
warming before lift-off sounded like music to your ears. With the last of your stamina, you
sprinted forward, watching at the ramp to the ship slowly raised to close.

 

Your ankle stung like fire, and it took all your focus not to trip, barely able to put all your
weight down on it. In front of you the ship began to lift upwards. You launched yourself at
the cargo door, stumbling across the threshold a breath before the ramp tipped too far
upwards for you to clamber aboard. Under your feet the ship gave a small shudder as it lifted
upwards into the sky.

 

You had made it, just in time.

 

You sank to your knees then, nearly sobbing with relief and disbelief at your luck. The last
strength in your legs gave out as you landed in a small heap just inside the cargo bay. Your
breaths came in rapid, shuddering exhales as you tried to collect yourself. For a moment you
couldn't help a wry smile, so grateful to have escaped with your life. The ship trembled
slightly as it ascended through the atmosphere. You felt the cabin automatically pressurize
with a soft hiss.

 

Moments passed, and in between them you managed to catch your breath. You bent over the
floor, propped up by your arms as you heaved for air. Trembling, you managed to get
yourself under control. Slowly your heartbeat managed to fall from its adrenaline-fueled
stutter back to an even, easy rhythm. As it did you finally got a chance to observe your
surroundings with wide eyes.

 

It wasn't a big ship by any means. Even if you cleared away the cargo there was just enough
space to walk comfortably between the dimly lit compartments. At the far end of the hold
was a smaller compartment with a cot inside. An open latrine sat beside it. A ladder in front
of both presumably led up to the cockpit.

 

You stood carefully, taking stock of the supplies around you. Various crates were scattered
throughout the cargo bay, holding seemingly everything from fuel to rations to ammo.



Standing, you slid a hand along a seam of one of the compartments, noting the various
scrapes and dings on the old worn metal.

 

This thing had to easily be 30 years old. It was practically an antique. Pre-empire for sure,
possibly Republic? Still, it seemed to be very well taken care of, its age showing through the
various repairs made to its hull and interior. Why bother with something so old when you
could trade it for something newer, sleeker, more efficient? Someone obviously had owned
this ship for a long time and had a sense of sentimental value attached to it.

 

Someone...

 

You froze, remembering your current circumstances. You had just stowed away on a random
ship, with no idea of who the pilot was or its heading. It was unlikely the pilot knew you
were aboard, but you doubted they be graciously receptive to a stowaway. A brief, terrifying
image of you being jettisoned into space raised gooseflesh on your arms. For a second you
wanted to kick yourself. For all you knew you just escaped one near-death experience to land
in a completely different but even worse ordeal.

 

Cursing silently, you looked around the ship again. You needed somewhere to hide. In the
corner towards the back was a rather large assortment of boxes and crates. If you were
delicate, quiet, you might be able to hide yourself behind them without any detection. If you
were lucky, you could escape the next time the ship set down to re-fuel. Maybe you could
even slip off without the pilot being any wiser.

 

Gingerly scooting the crates, you managed to arrange yourself a small enough hole to hide in.
You didn’t want to move the cargo too much, afraid of making yourself obvious. With a
wiggle, you squirmed your way behind the boxes. A remnant tarp draped over the gap
completed the hiding spot. It wasn't a comfortable fit, but it allowed you to (hopefully)
remain unnoticed, and that's what mattered. It wouldn't survive close scrutiny, but you prayed
it didn't come to that.

 

Once you were finally settled you began to take stock of your injuries. Your legs and exposed
arms were also a little scraped from your crawling and skidding along rooftops, but you could
ignore those easily enough. The main focus was on your shot bicep. Carefully, you prodded
the singed gash on your arm, stifling a whine of pain at the contact. You were lucky that you
managed to escape with just a scrape. If you hadn't darted out of the way at the exact moment



you did, you could have lost your whole arm. You worried that the wound being untreated
would make it likely to get infected, but there wasn't much you could do about it right now.

 

The other concern was your ankle. It felt tender, hot to the touch. More than that, that lizard
had left a smear of green blood against your exposed skin. It burned your skin, even as you
gently swiped at it with your fingers. You hissed in pain, quick to smear the remaining fluid
on your work suit. Doing so revealed a small burn on the hock of your ankle. You’d have to
find some way of treating that as well. Fortunately, it seemed like your ankle was only
sprained, not broken. That you could manage, at least for the time being.

 

"Kriff." You whispered to yourself, tilting back your head and letting it thunk gently against
the hull. You couldn't have asked for a worse day at this point. Forced to flee your home and
everything you owned, nearly killed, shot, injured, aboard an unfamiliar ship with an
unknown destination, and now forced to hide in a cramped uncomfortable position in case
some other potentially deadly scenario arose. This beat the days running errands for the gang
and begging for scraps on the street.

 

Your defeated sigh briefly muffled the sounds of the engines in your ears. From where you
sat you could feel their warmth soak into the metal compartments behind you. Their even,
steady thrum was relaxing, peaceful even. You shifted slightly, trying to find a convenient
angle to rest in. You weren't comfortable, but between the soft, lulling noise, your weary
limbs, and the gentle warmth of the engines, you found yourself beginning to nod off. The
adrenaline of your escap had at last begun to fade, and in its place appeared a heavy, bone
aching fatigue. Your eyes felt heavy, and eventually awareness of your surroundings dulled to
a dim haze.

 

. . .

 

It was the soft shhhk of the cockpit doors opening and closing that eventually awoke you
from your dozing. Your awareness raced back to you as you listened to the movement above.
Instantly, you felt your muscles tighten, and as heavy boots climbed down the ladder from
above, you held your breath. Once the pilot was in the cargo bay, they muttered something
and were answered with a small noise from something else. Bantha shit, was there more than
one person aboard? If so, your chances at survival had just decreased rapidly.

 

You shrank into yourself, willing your body to become smaller in your little hidey hole. You
hoped and prayed that whoever was in here with you would just retire to the small sleeping



cabin and not think twice about checking their hold. Yet whoever it was began rifling through
compartments in search of something. No such luck.

 

Your body sat completely rigid as you desperately tried to think of something, anything, that
would avoid you getting a blaster bolt between the eyes. Maybe once they got close you
could spring up and surprise them? Maybe you could find something to defend yourself with,
or somehow escape up to the cockpit and lock yourself in, try to make a deal. If all else
failed, you could-

 

A small rustle from the tarp beside you made nearly made you jump in surprise. Instantly you
looked over, only to your shock, to be met with a small adorable green creature.

 

What in the stars…?

 

A wide, brown gaze peered at you curiously, framed by even larger pointed green ears.
Whatever it was, it was small, no larger than an infant. The creature had some sort of sack-
like shirt or dressing on its little body. The little thing -a pet maybe? - gazed into your hiding
spot with an amused coo. It gave you a small, wrinkled smile. As startled as you were, you
tried to silently shoo it with a small flap of your hand.

 

This of course, only seemed to amuse the creature. It gave a little giggle at your frantic action
and though adorable, you feared the attention it would bring you.

 

"Shoo, go!" You tried as quietly as possible, but again the creature seemed amused by this.
You tried flapping your hand again, only this time it flapped its hand back at you as if playing
a game. In any other situation it would be delightful, but this was not the time nor place for
that.

 

If you had been paying attention, you would have heard the tell-tale pause in the footsteps of
the person aboard. You might have noticed their careful, easy approach to the crates in the
back where you were hiding. Yet you didn't notice either of these things, too focused on
trying to dismiss the strange green creature trying to expose you.

 



With a sudden yank, the tarp shielding you as yanked upwards and discarded. The overhead
lights illuminated your frightened, startled face as you gazed upwards.

 

Your eyes instantly landed on a T-shaped visor ingrained into a silver helmet. You couldn't
see the eyes of the expression of the person under it, but you could feel their shock and quiet
anger at uncovering a stowaway on their ship. The pilot’s larger frame dwarfed your small,
hunched form.

 

Before you could breathe, before you could utter a single word, you were met with the telltale
click of a blaster safety. As you gazed up at the foreboding figure, backlit by the cargo bay
lights, you heard a low modulated voice growl out:

 

"Who the hell are you?"

 

 



Chapter 2: Part Two: The Name
Chapter Summary

Something changed in that moment. Time slowed, and you could feel the air moving
through your lungs, could feel the heavy, nearly oppressive presence of the Mandalorian
in front of you even if you closed your eyes. The vacuum of space seemed to sing
silently around the ship, sighing with the light of stars millions of light years away.

A sound echoed forth, more familiar to you than anything else in the universe. Your eyes
stared in wonder as you looked at the focus of the strange gravity that pulled at your
senses, at the source of the sound.

You looked at the child.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Who the hell are you?"

 

You were frozen, eyes locked onto the barrel of the blaster pointed right in between your
eyes. Your breath hitched, heart hammering wildly in your chest. Every muscle in your body
remained locked with fear. You couldn’t breathe, couldn’t think beyond the image of your
cold, lifeless corpse being left in space, forever and ever.

 

Above you stood an imposing silhouette donned in pure beskar armor. He didn't move, barely
breathed, focus entirely locked on your figure hidden in between the stacked crates. His
entire form radiated cold calculation and ruthlessness. Anger rolled off of him in waves. If
the cargo hold wasn’t already cold, the mere sight of him dropped the temperature another 10
degrees. You could only imagine your apprehender’s expression under his notably T-shaped
visor.

 

'A Mandalorian?'  You couldn't help but think quizzically.

 

"I asked you a question." You flinched at his tone, feeling panic rise in your chest at the anger
that lay in his voice. You swallowed thickly, mouth opening but words escaping you.



 

"Please..." You began, only to be interrupted.

 

"Stand up, hands where I can see them."

 

You complied immediately, shooting to your feet. You winced at the pressure it put on your
damaged ankle, and for a second you stumbled as you tried to balance yourself. The motion
caused a small bundle to fall off your hiding spot and tumble to the floor next to the small
green creature, who let out a small whine of surprise. The Mandalorian's attention was
diverted for a moment at the noise, and he nudged the small package out of the way with his
foot. Before you could question the action his laser-like focus was back on you.

 

"You here for the kid?" He asked, voice low. Silently, he adjusted his grip on the blaster in his
hand. The motion should have startled you, but you frowned at his words instead, failing to
comprehend.

 

"The kid?" You echoed and cast a glance down at the creature who had exposed your hiding
place. The creature returned your stare with a wide, curious gaze. "Is that what it is?"

 

As if understanding you, the green creature made a small grunt of annoyance. You blinked,
trying to discern what the Mandalorian could be talking about.

 

"No." You answered at last, voice slow as you turned your gaze back to him. You tried to
project honesty through your otherwise fearful expression. "I'm not a hunter, I'm just a
mechanic."

 

You couldn't tell if this improved or reduced your chances of being shot where you stood, as
your now captor didn't even twitch a muscle.

 

"You armed?" He questioned at last, never breaking eye contact.

 



"No." This time the answer was instant. You hadn't even been able to grab as much as your
soldering gun on the mad dash to get out of your workshop. You’d been lucky to escape with
your life, though you did grieve the loss of your tools and small collection of belongings.

 

"Why are you on my ship?" He asked, again with that tone that warned any sudden
movements or suspicious answers would be met with a single blaster bolt between the eyes.
Subconsciously, you gulped.

 

You paused, trying to find a way to answer that might increase the odds of him deciding not
to kill you.

 

"I...was being chased." You began, keeping your hands next to your head and trying to
maintain eye contact as much as possible. "I had a hit out on me for not paying a debt and a
hunter was trying to take me in."

 

"You have a bounty?" He asked without missing a beat. For a moment, your brow furrowed.
Then you felt your stomach drop. Kriff, this guy was probably a hunter too. Just your luck.

 

"...Not that I know of." You answered simply, with a small, attempted innocent shrug. "It was
a local gang leader who put out the hit. He sent one of his own men. I'm not even sure if he's
registered it yet."

 

The Mandalorian remained silent, as if silently mulling this over in his head. As he did, you
looked around the hold, trying to subtly direct your gaze to anything you could maybe grab
and ring his bucket with. There wasn’t much. On the far end of the hold lay what looked like
a weapon’s cabinet. It might as well have been in another star system. Instead your eyes
landed on a compartment just behind him. At first it almost looked like a refresher, though it
was missing a door. For a moment you frowned, noting the odd placement. It was only when
you saw the panel next to it that you realized what it was.

 

A carbonite freezer.

 

Screaming internally, you tried to make eye contact with your apprehender once more. The
hairs on your neck stood straight up, and you were sure if you stiffened any further you



would never unwind yourself. You thought being spaced would be bad, but the stories you
heard of folks slowly degenerating after being frozen in carbonite for too long made every
single blood vessel in your body turn into ice. Yup. Worst day ever by far.

 

"You could have gotten on any ship. Why mine?" The hunter's low, modulated voice startled
you from your thoughts.

 

You were sweating at this point, the combined fear of being shot, being jettisoned into space,
or being frozen in carbonite making your hands shake and your skin dampen. Still, you did
your best to summon a small, charming smile.

 

"Good luck, I guess?"

 

The creature below you chittered in amusement, and you again wondered how much it
understood of your conversation.

 

The Mando regarded you silently. You could feel the seconds pass by, and with every
heartbeat you were sure you'd finally go on to meet whatever rust bucket lay beyond this life.

 

You couldn’t help yourself in taking a moment to observe the hunter. He was tall, seemingly
taller with the addition of his armor and helmet. He easily stood over you even as you were
standing, a fact which made a small shudder run through you. It was hard to discern much
through his armor, but you assumed that, like most bounty hunters, he was extremely fit and
probably strong enough to easily subdue you.

 

Your eyes flicked back to the visor of his helmet. Though you couldn’t see his eyes, you felt
his gaze pin you to the spot. You wondered if he noticed your lingering gaze on what tiny
details you could discern from his figure. For all you knew your wandering eyes may have
offended him, erasing what little chances of survival you had. You automatically scrunched
your eyes shut, waiting for the final moment before the end of everything.

 

Instead, his free hand reached for his belt. He kept the blaster trained on you but managed to
retrieve a small set of cuffs. The sound alerted you, and automatically you took a single step
back. In a single fluid motion, he holstered his blaster and spun you. A heavy hand grabbed



you from behind. You found yourself pushed against the wall of the ship, both arms dragged
behind you and securely fastened together. The motion made you stifle a groan of pain, your
wounded arm aching at his rough motions.

 

Before you could so much as protest he yanked you back towards him, keeping one hand on
the cuffs and the other digging painfully into your shoulder. For a single chilling moment,
you were certain he was about to toss you in the carbonite freezer. Instead, he spun you, so
you were in front of him, forcing you forwards. You nearly tripped over yourself, trying to
accommodate his forceful direction.

 

Suddenly, you found yourself sitting on the floor again. With your hands bound behind you
and your back to the wall of the ship, you looked up once more at your capturer. He pressed a
button on his gauntlet, and you felt the cuffs hum to life and lock behind you, much to your
dismay.

 

Your heart hammered wildly in your chest. You didn't even remember when you had started
to breathe so hard. The Mando looked down at you, and for a second you really wished you
could see the expression under his helmet. You tried to offer him a nervous smile.

 

"...Does this mean you aren't going to kill me?"

 

He gave the smallest shake of his head, and you couldn't be sure if it was in reply to your
question or frustration at current circumstances. You tried to take it as a good sign.

 

"I'm taking you back to Kaddack." He replied simply, and you felt the blood drain from your
face.

 

"Wait, no-" You tried, but his voice spoke over you.

 

"I don't have a lot of fuel left for my carbonite freezer, so I’d prefer not to use it." He stated
simply, nodding his head towards the compartment. You followed his gaze, swallowing
thickly. "If you start making problems, then I'll be happy to have you spend the rest of the trip
in an icebox."



 

With that he turned, directing his attention to the child waddling across the floor of the cargo
hold towards him. Instantly you could see him soften, the tension easing slightly from his
shoulders. You might have even found it kind of cute if your life weren’t on the line.

 

"Wait!" You yelped, gaining his attention once more. "You can't take me back! I'll be killed!"

 

He shrugged. "Not my problem."

 

Desperately, you tried to wrack your brain for something, anything you could bargain with.

 

"I-I have credits!" You exclaimed, trying to sound confident but failing.

 

"No, you don't." he replied instantly.

 

"…No, I don't." You echoed lamely, disappointment mixing with fear in your stomach. "B-
but I could get some! I could fix your ship if you want! I noticed some of your compartments
don't close right."

 

"Don't need it." You were starting to get tired of that calm, blunt tone of his. Still, you
struggled to think of anything that would prevent you falling back into the hands of the gang.

 

"Please." You were practically begging now, shoulders shaking. "I didn't know taking a loan
from this gang would bankrupt me. I'm just trying to survive. It's rough out here, you know
that."

 

He didn't answer, merely gazing down at you emotionlessly through his helmet.

 

You tried again. "If I go back, they probably won't even kill me. They'll force me to be a
dancer, or maybe pit me against a Nexu and watch me be torn to shreds. I..." You trailed off,



throat going dry. Every possible scenario of being returned to the gang ended in some terrible
torturous fate or a violent death. You couldn’t bear it.

 

"I don't want to die." You whispered hoarsely, feeling your eyes growing hot with tears.
"Please..."

 

Your life hadn’t been an easy one by any means. You hadn't known your parents, had been
forced to fend for yourself for as long as you could remember. The trivial things you had
managed to accumulate in this world were all gone, and soon the only thing you had left,
your life, would be taken from you too. It really was a miserable fate born from a truly
miserable existence.

 

An uncomfortable lump formed in your throat at the thought. If things had been different,
maybe you could have finally found a way off that miserable planet to one of the core worlds,
living a simple existence within the safety of the New Republic. Maybe even then you could
have found someone, could have been happy.

 

Any embarrassment you felt about falling apart in front of your captor was drowned by your
despair.

 

A small, gentle touch against your face shocked you. You looked up, finding that the child
had crawled into your lap. You felt a wet smear against your face from where it had tried to
wipe away a growing tear. You blinked in surprise, eyes meeting the child's wide, brown
gaze. It gave you a small, toothy smile and quiet coo.

 

Your face melted into a soft smile, grateful for the small comfort. Silently, you leaned into the
child's touch as a way of thanks.

 

Above you, the Mandalorian shifted. You turned your face upwards, and instantly your
grateful smile was replaced by a look of fear as the hunter gazed down at you. A few, long
tense moments passed before you saw a small shift in his posture, something akin to
resignation.

 



"I can take you as far as the next outpost." He spoke at last, and now his tone was softer,
albeit slightly exasperated. "After that, you're on your own."

 

You could almost see your face light up with astonishment and gratitude in the reflection of
his visor.

 

"Thank you! Oh stars, thank you! I really am sorry for stowing away on your ship I-" Words
tumbled unprompted out of you, so great was your relief. Again, you were interrupted.

 

"I meant what I said about trouble." He reiterated, nodding again to the carbonite freezer. You
sucked in a breath, nodding rapidly, and silencing yourself so he could speak.

 

"The cuffs stay on.” He continued, then raised a finger to point down at you. “You're going to
sit right there until I land. I don't want to hear any noise, any movement, nothing." His tone
had hardened again, but you found yourself not minding now that were out of imminent
danger. You nodded quickly at his words, trying to make yourself appear as complacent as
possible. It wasn’t the best outcome, but it meant you could escape with your life, and that’s
what mattered.

 

"I've got a couple hours before I pass the next outpost" He announced, turning. He spared you
a lingering glance. "You might want to rest while you still can. You'll probably need it."

 

Again, you nodded, trying to tuck your knees up towards your chest without disturbing the
child in your lap. The hunter noticed and gave a small gesture to the creature.

 

"C'mon kid." He muttered, but the child either didn't hear him or chose to ignore it. Instead, it
focused on you, reaching out and touching your cheek again. You couldn't help but smile
with the gesture, feeling somewhat touched by the child's fascination with you. It made a
small coo, again giving you a toothy smile.

 

"Nice to meet you too bud." You offered back and tried to flap your hand from behind you in
a small wave. This made the infant laugh, its brown eyes narrowing as it smiled broadly.

 



You became abruptly aware of the Mandalorian's gaze on you. Glancing, you saw he had
again taken a somewhat stiff stance, seemingly displeased by the child's attention focused on
you. You squirmed uncomfortably under his stare, now hyper-aware of your position on the
floor, unable to hand off the kid to him.

 

The hunter took two steps forward, reaching down and carefully lifting the child into his
arms. The infant gave a whine of displeasure at being taken away from his new friend. You
attempted to give the Mando a chagrined smile, but he turned again. The child peered over
his shoulder, visibly displeased at being forcibly removed.

 

"I um-!" You spoke, trying to get the pilot's attention. The only indication he was listening
was the pause in his footsteps.

 

You swallowed, trying to form together a proper sentence. "Thank you." You managed,
finally. "I'm really sorry about stowing away, and uh...thanks for not killing me, um
Mandalorian...sir."

 

You didn't notice the way his shoulders lowered slightly, nor could you see the small, amused
uptick of his lips beneath his helmet.

 

"Mando." He spoke, voice flat but lower in volume, as if almost gentle.

 

You blinked. "Pardon?"

 

He turned ever so slightly, addressing you out of the corner of his eye. "Just call me Mando."

 

You tried to hide your smile, albeit unsuccessfully. "Mando." You repeated. "Well in that case
my name is-"

 

You stopped.

 



Something changed in that moment. You wish you could name it, but the air seemed to shift
around you, seemed to whisper against your skin. The bowels of the ship grew louder, the
heartbeat in your chest ringing in your ears. Time slowed, and you could feel the air moving
through your lungs, could feel the heavy, nearly oppressive presence of the Mandalorian in
front of you even if you closed your eyes. The vacuum of space seemed to sing silently
around the ship, sighing with the light of stars millions of light years away.

 

All at once your senses became hyper-focused. Everything around you felt, smelled, tasted,
sounded too loud, too much. Yet the center of it all lay not in you, but with one of the other
two beings on the spacecraft. A sound echoed forth, more familiar to you than anything else
in the universe. Your eyes stared in wonder as you looked at the focus of the strange gravity
that pulled at your senses, at the source of the sound.

 

You looked at the child.

 

"How..." You whispered, eyes staring in disbelief at it's wise brown gaze.

 

"How do you know my name?"

 

-                      -                      -

 

Parsecs away, amidst an overcast grey sky, a grim figure stood atop the bridge of an Imperial
cruiser. Gloved hands folded neatly in front of him, he observed the churning dark clouds that
promised and imminent thunderstorm. Around him, the bridge bustled with a quiet, focused
atmosphere. Every Imperial on the ship hunkered down over their respective tasks, trying to
avoid any noise that might attract the infamous temper of the Moff. Gideon’s face remained
blank, although his thoughts churned much like the skies around the ship. Somehow his gaze
seemed to stare past the incoming storm into some unknown future, teeming with limitless
possibilities.

 

"Moff Gideon." A voice greeted quietly. The Moff closed his eyes for a moment, letting the
storm inside his mind settle before he turned to the intelligence officer with a data pad tucker
under her arm. His eyes focused on her, a silent indication to continue.

 



"We've received a transmission from one of our spies on Kaddack." She began after saluting.
"They said they spotted Din Djarin's ship lifting off from the shipyards there."

 

The Moff raised a single eyebrow, nonplussed at the information. They received at least a
dozen reports a day of a possible sighting of the former guild-hunter. Either the Mandalorian
was light-speed jumping around the outer rim, or his information network was getting lax.
He'd have to weed out his weakest operatives soon. Only the strong would receive the
privilege to work in the foundation of the New Empire.

 

"And?" He said at last, unimpressed. His voice exuded authority, but in this instance,
impatience.

 

The officer swallowed visibly before continuing. "This transmission said that there was a
stowaway on the Razorcrest. One of the local gang members reported seeing them climb
aboard just before take-off."

 

Again, this failed to impress the Moff.

 

"A stowaway." He repeated with disinterest. "You came all this way…to report to me on a
stowaway aboard the Mandalorian's ship." Gideon felt ire rise within him at the utter
incompetence of his intelligence network. Turning, he didn’t bother to hide his displeasure at
the officer's work. The dark saber hung heavy at his hip, and for a brief moment he
considered activating it and letting the blade slice through this officer's neck.

 

"I thought so as well, sir. However, a local bounty managed to turn up this person’s name. I
ran the name through our Imperial search record database for good measure." Now this
caught Gideon's attention. He turned back, eyes narrowing on the nervous Imperial in front of
him.

 

She suppressed a shudder, withering under his scrutinous gaze. "I've yet to complete my full
investigation, but I wanted to report on what I've found so far." With trembling hands, the
officer offered the Moff her data pad.

 



Gideon took it without a moment's hesitation, eyes quickly scanning the contents of the
profile brought up. A picture of your face, younger than you were now, sat atop the screen,
offering a calm smile as you gazed at the camera. As the Moff reached the bottom of the
report, a small smile pulled at his lips.

 

He turned to the officer again and took a small pleasure in the way they fidgeted under his
direct gaze.

 

"Excellent work, officer. Please update me on your full report by the end of the day."

 

The intelligence officer's eyes widened at the praise, and then quickly sank at the deadline. It
had taken her hours just to find this much information. Combing through the vast, fractured,
and aging Imperial database could easily take another week. Yet the Moff gave no uncertain
terms on the deadline. She could only offer a salute as she hurried off to scrounge what little
she could before the darkening appointed hour.

 

Gideon returned his gaze to the skyline before him. As he did, thunder began to rumble
around the ship. The grey clouds had darkened to thick, roiling thunderheads. The electricity
in the atmosphere seemed to mimic his hidden excitement. Finally, after days without a lead
or any indication as to the asset's whereabouts, there was now an interesting turn of events.

 

He turned over the sound of your name in his head, secretly relishing the sound as thunder
echoed outside the ship. Then, Grand Moff Gideon did something unusual.

 

He smiled.

Chapter End Notes

Thank you to everyone have has shown interest in this fic!! The feedback so far has
been AMAZING! I'm really looking forward to showing you where this story goes. So
far this particular section begins post season 1 Episode 5. It will (loosely) follow the rest
of season one, and hopefully beyond! I've got one more chapter of exposition before we
really get into the plot.



Thank you for reading!

---

Edit 5/4/2022

I'm currently going through re-editing early chapters in an effort to improve the quality
of this work. If you notice small differences in the text, that is why.

That being said, if you are reading this fic for the first time: Welcome to the ride. Enjoy
your stay :)



Chapter 3: Part Three: The Hunted
Chapter Summary

Instantly, you froze. A low voice from behind you spoke. "Get up."

You couldn't move. Even if you wanted to, your legs seemed to lock up.

"You can't have him." You replied, hating the way your voice shook. You wrapped your
arms together around the child, as if doing so could protect him.

"I'm not interested in the kid." The person behind you replied and pressed the barrel a
little harder into your spine. "It's you."

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The Razorcrest settled with a low thunk and a whine as it set down in Hangar B-3 of the
space station. Various sounds of the ship powering off rumbled and grumbled over each
other. You could feel the thrusters disengage and the ship ease onto the landing pad from
where you sat on the floor. You had no idea where you were but assumed from the lack of
descent that it was some way-faring space station in the middle of the outer-rim not too far
from Kaddack.

 

It was difficult to tell how much time had passed since you had been found and detained.
With no windows, no chrono-keeper, and definitely no sunlight, you had no clue how long
you had been sitting on the floor of the cargo hold. You did know was that it had been much
too long for your comfort. Your arms ached from being kept behind you for so long. Your
hands had long since fallen asleep, the pins and needles sensation slowly crawling up to your
shoulders. You ached all over, no position quite comfortable enough to doze off or to rest in.

 

Footsteps above you alerted you to your captor's presence. He muttered something inaudibly
to what you assumed to be the child, and then slowly made his way down the ladder. You
shifted, trying to look at least decently alert as he landed on the floor of the cargo bay and
turned to you.

 

"We're here." He announced unceremoniously and motioned for you to get up.



 

Carefully you put your good leg under you and wobbled your way to a stand. Immediately,
your ankle flared with pain. A cursory glance downwards showed that an odd discoloration
had appeared around the reptilian blood smear on the hock of your ankle. You could put some
pressure down on it but knew it would be a pain and a half to walk around on it.

 

If Mando noticed, he didn't give any indication. Instead, he motioned for you to turn around.
Gingerly, you turned your back to him. After a pause, the cuffs around your wrists beeped
and unlocked. You waited for a moment longer as the hunter removed them, calloused fingers
brushing over the inside of your palms. As soon as you were freed you gave a cursory roll of
your shoulders, wincing as feeling slowly returned to your hands.

 

"Thank you." You offered, turning, and using a hand to rotate your opposite wrist. He merely
nodded and made his way past you and across the hold. Quickly, he punched in a couple
buttons on an exposed panel and stood still as a ramp began to open and extend downwards
into the hangar.

 

While you waited, a small touch on your leg alerted you to the presence of the child. You
paused, looking down into his pleading wide-eyed stare. How he had gotten down from the
cockpit you had no idea. He whined plaintively up at you, and in return you offered him a
reassuring smile.

 

You turned your attention back to the ramp, hobbling over and leaving the kid behind. He
whined in protest, but you managed to ignore the infant, coming to a pause beside the
Mandalorian. Beyond the ramp and into the hangar lay a bustling scene of mechanics and
flight techs, all busy with their respective tasks. Past the hangar stood an entrance to what
looked to be the main section of the space-outpost, circular with shops and other supply
depots against the walls.

 

You paused for a moment, uncertain. You didn't have a plan of any kind so far other than
survive, and the unpredictability of the path ahead made you somewhat nervous. Self-
consciously you glanced to the hunter beside you, who merely nodded down towards the
bottom of the ramp and into the hangar.

 

Again, you glanced down, but before you exited out of the ship you turned to the hunter
beside you.



 

"Thank you." You said earnestly, giving him a smile. "For everything."

 

His blank faced helmet gazed back at you wordlessly.

 

With your other hand holding your injured arm, you staggered down the ramp. You caught a
few cursory glances from the workers around you. Your face warmed self-consciously. You
probably looked like a mess right now, stumbling around on an injured leg, your arm shot,
various scrapes and bruises forming across your arms and legs. That wasn't including your
departure from a unique ship with a distinctive bounty hunter standing in the entryway.

 

Your feet touched the floor of the hangar, and you looked around, a little lost at your
surroundings. Maybe someone around here knew where you could find some work, or at least
somewhere to get some medical treatment.

 

"Wait."

 

You blinked in surprise, twisting to look back at the modulated voice that had just called out
to you. The Mando stood atop the ramp, looking directly at your face.

 

"Wait." He repeated, a little softer, and then disappeared inside the hold. After a moment he
reappeared, a small package in hand. From where he stood, he tossed it to you, and after a
moment of fumbling, you caught it. Turning it over in your hands you peered down at the
contents. He'd given you a med pack.

 

You lifted your gaze back up to him, wide eyed with surprise.

 

"Oh! Uh, thank you!" You called back and stuffed the med pack inside a pocket of your
work-overalls. "And um, safe travels!"

 



He nodded once more, and you turned again, now feeling a bit better about your situation.
Your eyes caught a sign for a cantina down towards the main hub of the station. That was
probably the best place to start if you wanted to find work and something to eat.

 

Casting one final, lingering glance at the Razorcrest, you carefully made your way out of the
hangar towards the center of the space-station.

 

-                           -                           -

 

Din watched as you eventually faded into the central hub beyond his sight. Around him the
noise of the hangar went on, various workers loading and unloading cargo from other vessels,
the smell of wrought metal filtering into his helmet. The mechanics nearby eyed him
curiously but didn't try approaching.

 

A strange sense of unease washed over him. He couldn't help but wonder if he had made the
right decision. He'd had stowaways before, but most of the time he'd been able to catch them
before he took off. The unlucky few that had stayed aboard and tried to commandeer his ship
had met with a short and unfortunate end. He was intent at first on doing the same with you,
but the wide-eyed fear in your expression had made him pause. You hadn't intended to rob
him or steal his ship. In fact, he remained pretty convinced of your story. He'd seen it a
hundred times before. Some poor fool got involved with the wrong crowd, and after one too
many mistakes ended up being hunted down and made an example of.

 

He felt a little bad for you if he was being honest. From his brief interactions with you, you
seemed nice. You just had managed to stumble into a tough situation. As much as he was
loathed to admit it, the kid's attempt at befriending you hadn't hurt either. The last thing he
wanted to do was put a blaster bolt in someone that the child had taken a liking to.

 

Still, he hoped he hadn’t just made a big mistake. For all he knew you were about to go and
tattle on him to the authorities in exchange for a hot meal and a shower. It was probably best
that he left as quickly and quietly as possible.

 

"Let's go, kid." Din muttered to the child in the hold, only to turn and find it empty. Panic
rising, he spun again, desperately trying to place his charge. "Kid?"

 



The child was nowhere to be seen.

 

Turning on his visor he looked at the ramp of the ship. Tell-tale orange heat-prints showed up
instantly, leading down into the hangar. Din looked up, zooming in on the path beyond,
watching as a very small form wandered into the central hub.

 

"Dank Ferrick!" He cursed, turning off his visor and immediately giving chase.

 

-                           -                           -

 

You somehow managed to meander your way to the space station cantina, ignoring the stares
of the various passerby around you. The space-station wasn't large, but considering your little
time spent in space, it seemed gigantic. Nevertheless, you had ended up finding the only
cantina in the entire station. It was dimly lit, with several patrons occupying the various
booths in the corners of the bar. They turned to glance at you as you entered, most giving you
a curious once over before returning to their conversation and drinks.

 

You wandered up the bar, catching the eye of a Twi-lek waitress as you leaned on the counter.

 

"What can I get you?" She asked bluntly, casting you a glance, and returning her eyes to
wiping down a spare glass.

 

"I was actually wondering where I might be able to find some work? I’m a mechanic." You
asked hopefully. "And uh, maybe something to eat? Although I don't have any credits..."

 

The waitress cast you an annoyed look but nodded over to a table. "Wait there." She
instructed, and you tried to give her a thankful smile before she turned away and headed
towards the back.

 

You limped your way over to said table, plopping down into a chair with a sigh of relief. For
a moment you let your arms hang at your sides, happy to relish in finally being able to sit



comfortably. As the pressure faded from your ankle, and your muscles began to lessen in
their ache, you sat up and retrieved the small med pack from your pocket.

 

A small smile crept onto your lips. You hadn’t expected a nice gesture from the Mandalorian,
but you had to admit it was a welcome surprise. It definitely improved the image of a cold-
hardened hunter you had first encountered on the ship. Opening it and digging through, you
found a painkiller injector. Holding the tip between your teeth, you managed to get the top off
and inject the medication into your upper arm. Within moments you could feel the cool relief
wash over you, dulling the pain from a sharp ache to a low throb.

 

As you set about tending to your arm, ankle, and various other scrapes, you let your eyes
wander around the cantina. It looked mostly like mechanics, flight-techs, and the odd traveler.
It was sparse. Obviously, this wasn't a place folks stayed for long.

 

One person in particular caught your eye. Another traveler eyed you directly from across the
cantina. A human male, dark in the eyes with an unreadable expression. His gaze was locked
on you, and as your eyes met you couldn't help but wither a little under his intense stare. You
hoped he wasn’t drunk and looking at you as an easy target. Trying your best to ignore him,
you finished wrapping your ankle with a bacta-patch.

 

Just as you were finishing, a small whine sounded from beside you. Instantly you looked
down, your eyes met with a curious soft brown gaze.

 

"Kriff!" You gasped in surprise, and instantly covered your mouth. The child tilted its head at
you from the floor, hopefully not understanding the curse you just muttered.

 

"What in stars are you doing here, little guy?" You mumbled, brow furrowing. The infant
merely cooed at you, reaching his little arms upwards as if wanting to be picked up.
Carefully, you obliged, trying not to jostle the little fellow. Again, the child made a noise of
happiness, pleased to be sitting in your lap. You stared down, utter confusion clear across
your face.

 

"How in the world did you get here?" You asked, as if he could answer. "Does Mando know
you wandered off? You're probably going to be in big trouble once he finds you."

 



As if understanding, the infant's ears lowered in dismay. A spike of regret ran through you.

 

"That's okay though!" You tried to reassure him. "Once I get a lead on where I can find work,
we can find him together. That sound good?"

 

The child gurgled happily, reaching out his hands again as if wanted to touch your face. You
smiled. Looking around the bar again, you didn't see any indication of the Mando. The
various patrons didn't seem to notice that you now had a companion in your lap. Carefully,
your eyes slid over to the booth where the odd traveler had been sitting, only to find it empty.

 

At the same second, a cold hard barrel pressed into your back.

 

Instantly, you froze. A low voice from behind you spoke. "Get up."

 

You couldn't move. Even if you wanted to, your legs seemed to lock up. A thousand thoughts
tumbled violently in your head. Did the gang already register a bounty on you? They weren't
usually that efficient. You blinked, remembering the Mandalorian had said something about
the child. Was that what this person was after?

 

"You can't have him." You replied, hating the way your voice shook. You wrapped your arms
together around the child, as if doing so could protect him.

 

"I'm not interested in the kid." The person behind you replied and pressed the barrel a little
harder into your spine.

 

Your face fell. It was you. You had managed to get away from the Trandoshan, had managed
to get off the planet, and even then, you had already been caught.

 

"Listen." You began, trying quickly to dissuade the person out of shooting you on the spot.
"Graac said he wanted me alive, right? There's no need to bring the kid into this. Just let me
get his back to his caretaker and-"



 

"Who the hell is Graac?" Your assailant asked bad-temperedly. "I doubt he can do better than
three-thousand imperial credits."

 

...What?

 

Before you could even begin to puzzle his words, he repeated himself once more. "Get up."

 

You hunched further over the child, his worried whine ringing in your ear. Your eyes
scrunched shut, as if doing so could block out the hunter. "Please." You said again, voice
desperate with fear.

 

A hand reached over and grabbed your wrist in a vice-like grip. You suppressed a gasp of
shock as he attempted to yank you to your feet.

 

"Let them go." A modulated voice growled.

 

You cracked open one eye, looking up to see the Mandalorian standing over you both. A hand
rested pointedly on the holster attached to his hip. You raised your head, looking up to see the
hunter staring down your assailant.

 

"Or what?" The man holding your wrist spat and tightened his hold to make a point. His
brutal grip made your arm ache.

 

"That hurts." You spoke, voice small.

 

"Want to find out?" Mando spoke, voice even but tone betraying his anger. "Let. Them. Go."

 

You hadn't noticed the other patrons in the bar slowly rising, some going as far as to draw
their weapons. The air was thick with tension. The small chatter and conversations faded,



being replaced by a heavy silence. You hugged the child close to you, trying to shield him.

 

"Looks like you're outnumbered, Mando." The hunter holding you sneered. You looked up at
the Mandalorian nervously. Carefully, he twisted his wrist, and a small triangle of lights
appeared on his bracer.

 

"Can't say I didn't warn you." He replied simply, just before all hell broke loose.

 

A series of lights exploded out of the bracer, and instinctively you bent over and tried to
protect yourself and the kid. You could hear whistling and several sounds of impact around
you as the missiles found their targets. Quickly, you were yanked to your feet.

 

"Go!" The Mando shouted, pushing you towards the doorway. "Take the kid!"

 

You paused for a moment, watching the remaining patrons converge on him. He turned again
and looked directly at you as they approached.

 

"NOW!"

 

Not needing any more encouragement, you spun and began to race back towards the hangar.
Sounds of a brawl broke out behind you. In your arms the child cried out as you grasped him
tight and sprinted in the direction of the Razorcrest.

 

The people around you saw your approach and quickly moved out of the way, turning their
attention to the fight which had spilled out onto the walkway outside the cantina. Your ankle
stung sharply as you ran, but you tried to ignore it, wracking your brain to retrace your steps
to the ship. Behind you someone shouted, and soon a glance over your shoulder proved you
had a pursuer.

 

Panic rose in you as you ran. More than fear for yourself, you were terrified at the thought of
the child in your arms being hurt, and even more so at the thought of his caretaker being
killed or unable to come retrieve his charge.



 

Quickly, you wove your way through the crowd. You could feel yourself slowing because of
the sharp ache in your ankle. Yet you pushed onwards, dodging bodies and equipment. The
person behind you yelled, trying to get you to stop. You ignored them, focused only on trying
to get back to the ship.

 

Soon enough, however, you could feel them closing in behind you. Fear coursed through you
as a hand reached out to try and seize you from behind. A single shot rang out and the person
behind you yelled, the sound of their body hitting the walkway following a moment after.
You turned, finding that the Mandalorian now followed you a ways behind. He waved wildly
at you, motioning for you to keep running.

 

Breath now coming in short, sharp gasps, you managed to reach the hangar. The mechanics
and workers seemed to have heard the commotion, and now they looked at you with a
mixture of surprise and intent. You barreled past them, narrowly avoiding one wild lunge by
a younger Rhodian. You ascended the ramp, pausing at the top and looking back for the ship's
pilot.

 

You watched him enter the hangar, using his shoulder to shove aside one worker who
approached him with a heavy wrench. Still, he managed to get caught by two more. A tall,
broad Zabrack managed to grab him from behind, wrapping his arms around the
Mandalorian’s front. Another worker approached him from the front, wielding a knife.

 

Mando raised a leg and planted a kick square in the worker's chest, sending him tumbling
backwards. Jerking his head, he managed to connect his beskar helmet with the Zabrack's
jaw, loosening his hold enough for him to spin and bring the alien's head down onto his knee
with a sickening crack.

 

"Close the door!" He yelled at you, startling you out of your stupor. You turned, hand
smashing down on the keypad and watching the ramp begin to withdraw and rise. Mando
launched himself at it, tumbling inside just as it closed. Pushing past you, he quickly
ascended the ladder up to the cockpit, motioning for you to follow him. Holding the child in
one arm, you clambered upwards into a small compartment with a door on either side.

 

To your left Mando was in the pilot seat, switching on a number of panels and doing a very
quick pre-flight check.



 

"Strap in." He barked at you, and you slid into a seat behind him, the kid balanced in your
lap. You could hear the commotion from outside as the remaining patrons from the bar
seemed to catch up with you. A blaster bolt dinged off the ship, making you hunch and cover
your ears.

 

With a jolt, the ship lifted upwards. You wobbled in your seat as the Razorcrest exited past
the hangar gate and into space. An alarm sounded, and your pilot had just enough time to
swerve around a turret bolt that sped past the ship.

 

"Hang on." Mando barked, reaching up to switch on a few different buttons and punching in a
set of coordinates. With a low hum the ship seemed to lean backwards for a moment before
launching forwards, stars blurring around you as the Razorcrest sped off into hyper-space.

 

It took a few moments for things to settle. Both of you were breathing hard, adrenaline still
racing through your veins. The ship’s alarm system turned off, leaving you both reeling from
the shock of what had just transpired. Blue hyperspace light hurtled past the window of the
cockpit, reflecting in the metal of your captor turned rescuer's visor.

 

He spun towards you, making you flinch. Yet instead of directing his voice at you, he looked
down at the child in your lap.

 

"I told you do not go wandering off." He snapped, and the infant’s ears lowered in dismay.
"You realize how much trouble you could have gotten in? Dank Ferrick, next time you're
staying in the ship, whether you like it or not."

 

You stiffened automatically, even though you knew his rant wasn't directed at you. That was,
until-

 

"You." His gaze jerked upwards to meet your wide-eyed expression. For a moment you were
sure you were about to get the verbal lashing of your lifetime, but a moment passed and the
Mando softened.

 



"You protected him. …Thank you."

 

You couldn't help blinking in surprise. You stumbled for words for a second before finally
replying. "N-no problem." Yet as you played back the events in the cantina you felt
compelled to add: "But they weren't after him."

 

Mando's gaze focused on you. "What?"

 

You nodded to reiterate. "I thought it was the gang, but it would take them at least a day to
get out a hit on me. They hunter at the bar, he said-" You stopped, recognition making your
stomach sink. Oh stars, you thought being chased by Graac and his goons was bad.

 

Mando stared at you. "What did he say?

 

You swallowed thickly, feeling yourself shudder subconsciously. Then, in a small, shaking
voice, you provided:

 

"He said it was an Imperial bounty."

 

Despite not being able to see his face, you could sense the surprise from the hunter opposite
you. You could almost feel him turning over the information in his head, trying to make sense
of it just as you were.

 

"Why would an imperial remnant want a mechanic like you?" He asked incredulously.

 

You shook your head. "I...I don't know." You replied shakily. "I've never even run into the
Empire before. I..."

 

Mando regarded you for a moment longer before turning forward in his seat and letting his
head fall backwards with a sigh. His previous curiosity seemed to fade into an annoyed
resignation. He muttered a curse under his breath.



 

A heavy silence followed. You didn't want to speak and disturb his contemplation, and he
remained otherwise silent. The reminder that this was a bounty hunter, that he could easily
turn you in for the credits himself, that three thousand Imperial credits was a lucrative offer
sent your thoughts into overdrive. It was all you could do to keep your breath steady, trying
not to let your fear affect the toddler in your arms.

 

In your lap the child had quickly gotten over being scolded at and was now reaching for a
small metal ball screwed onto one of the control levers. You watched him, letting his antics
briefly distract you from the situation at hand.

 

"You can understand him." Mando spoke abruptly. You looked up at him, surprised.

 

“P-pardon?” You echoed.

 

“Earlier.” The hunter supplied quickly. “You said you heard him. I didn’t hear anything, but
you said you heard him say your name.”

 

When you had heard your name in the hold earlier, you had originally dismissed it as a
strange flux and had told as much to the child's caretaker. Yet after being followed by the kid
into the space-station, and witnessing his clear attachment to you, you were no longer sure.

 

The infant in question looked up at you with a curious gurgle. You stared down at him,
pondering what such things could possibly mean. As if sensing your unease, the child turned
and put his hands on your front, leaning in an what seemed to be a hug. You softened at the
gesture, smiling.

 

"It seems so." You replied softly, reaching up a hand to gently pat the child on its head. "I
don't know how but...I think he does know my name."

 

Mando observed you both, and again you found yourself wishing you could see his
expression under his helmet. Did he always keep that thing on?



 

The child had now settled in your lap, head leaning against your abdomen. You could hear
him sigh as you stroked his head. You stared down at him affectionately, feeling an odd
emotion rise in your chest that you couldn't place.

 

Eventually you returned your gaze to the Mandalorian, who had his head cocked at the both
of you as if pondering something in his head. You didn't have to wait long for him to voice
his thoughts, but his words made you nearly fall out of your seat in surprise.

 

"You want a job?"

Chapter End Notes

So I just wanna say that in an effort to remain inspired, I've been reading other Mando x
reader fics. I realize now that there's a number of fics out there with achingly similar
premises and titles. I swear I never intended to plagiarize any ideas from my fellow
writers. The whole 'stowaway' premise is actually a plot excuse for a much larger and
more complicated story-line that is being set up. If you are the author of a work that you
feel was stolen or otherwise pirated from, you have my deepest apologies. I won't stop
writing this story, as I'm nearly certain it will end a lot differently than your own, but in
the meantime I'm sorry if it looks like I took your story premise and ran with it. If you'd
like to discuss this further, please leave a comment below and I'll get in touch. Again,
my apologies.

With that out of the way, we've now completed our exposition! After this we'll have to
get a little bit more story building out of the way, but otherwise we'll get right into the
plot and some relationship building. Thank you to everyone who has shown support for
this fic. Your comments and feedback really keep me going and keep me motivated to
continue.

See you in the next update!



Chapter 4: Part Four: The Dream
Chapter Summary

Mando remained silent, his gaze at you unfaltering. You self-consciously avoided his
stare, choosing instead to look down at the child happily munching away in your lap.

Then, Mando spoke your name

You looked up, surprised. Mando tilted his head at you, as if he wasn't the one to just
speak your name with such deliberateness. He looked down at your open, wide-eyed
gaze for a moment too long.

Chapter Notes

Tw: Graphic depictions of violence and life-threatening fire scenario until italics end.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Someone screamed your name.

 

You could barely hear them above the roar of the fire that licked the interior of the building
around you, a violent, explosive bellow of flame and smoke that lit your horrified gaze in a
stark, orange glow. Shapes shifted hazily, the image before you barely real to your wide,
terrified eyes. The sounds around you, the screaming, the roar of the conflagration registered
only as an all-consuming outcry.

 

This place had been your home, with its elegantly tall pillars and beautifully decorated
corridors. Your friends and family filled the place with a serenity you had never been without.
The hours you had spent roaming its halls and gazing with wonder up at the ancient
architecture seemed fleeting now that you were trapped inside the blaze that ravaged the
delicate tapestries and ornately carved archways.

 

You stood amongst the burning wreckage, form backlit by the flames. Chaos reigned around
you as the building's residents and caretakers tried to flee from the fire and those who had
created it. A morbid, burning sensation filled your stomach at the pandemonium that



engulfed you. You couldn't concentrate, couldn't move. Your lungs burned with the smoke and
ash, hair ruffled by the blazing heat of the flames as you witnessed the utter destruction of
what lay around you.

 

You felt bodies push past you, all charging towards the main entrance. There too, they were
met with the sounds of blaster fire and screams. Still, more tried to make their way forward to
avoid the all-consuming rage of the inferno before you. None tried to drag your small form
forward with them, too focused on trying to save themselves. One taller individual used your
shoulder to push themselves forward, leaving a bloody stain across your clothes. You barely
even noticed, eyes remaining locked on the growing blaze, flames licking at the hem of your
clothes.

 

Again, you heard your name being called desperately above the discord. As searing orange
tendrils began to lick at your fingers a hand pulled you backwards and you were falling,
falling into an infinite darkness with no end. You tried to scream, but your throat was choked
with the blaze burning you from the inside out, unable to breath. You tried to suck in air,
desperately swallowing with no oxygen able to reach your lungs. Gasping, you spasmed
violently, the name in your ears ringing forth shrilly, with you unable to reach as you-

 

-                           -                           -

 

You gasped loudly, cold air instantly flooding your chest as you bolted upright. The motion
made your head connect with something above you with a dull clang that rang in your ears.
Instantly you were once again on your back, the pain of the impact rattling you. The shock of
the frigid air and your gasp at the sudden pain flaring across your forehead made your chest
tighten, throwing you into an unexpected coughing fit.

 

As you struggled to breathe your eyes slowly adjusted to the dim lighting of the ship cabin.
Frigid air licked at your arms as you tried to get your lungs to finally settle. For a moment
you attempted to reconcile the lingering image of a building on fire with the chilled air inside
the ship. It took you another few seconds to try and realize where exactly you were.

 

The Razorcrest. The Mandalorian’s ship.

 

As your breathing evened out, and your heartbeat stopped throbbing in your ears, the past
few day's events slowly floated back to you.



 

Right. That Razorcrest. You had stowed away, and after a dramatic turn of events, had ended
up in the employ of the Mandalorian bounty hunter who had found you aboard his ship. In
the condition you kept the ship running and assisted as he needed you to, he had offered you
board as he also fled from pursuing bounty hunters.

 

You cast an arm over your eyes with a sigh, trying to gather yourself. Your sleep-riddled
brain continued to conjure phantom images of chaos and fire, figures around you shadowy
and unrecognizable. If you let yourself slip back onto the verge of consciousness you could
almost feel the scorch of the inferno that had tried to claim you.

 

"It's just a dream." You whispered hoarsely. "Only a dream."

 

You can't remember the last time this particular dream had plagued you. When you were a
child you spent many nights sleepless, fearing the horrifying images your brain supplied as
soon as you closed your eyes. As the years passed they had become infrequent, and after a
while you had assumed they had disappeared altogether. With your rotten luck, that didn't
seem to be entirely the case.

 

Shivering, you reached for the threadbare blanket you had uncovered your first night aboard
the ship, only to find it discarded on the floor. You turned over, light from the cockpit
catching your eyes and briefly blinding you. Morning, already.

 

You gave up your pursuit of a few more minutes of rest. You doubt you’d be able to sleep
anyways, what with the lingering images of flame haunting your closed eyes. Instead, you
twisted, being carefully not to run your head into the bulkhead over you (again). Rubbing the
sleep from your eyes, you reached for your shoes, dragging on the worn leather with frigid
fingers.

 

Soon you made your way beyond the small storage area and towards the cockpit, which was
noticeably empty. Beyond the windows you could see the barren landscape of the moon
Mando had set the ship down on. The system's sun was well above the horizon, casting the
sky a strange pinkish hue.

 



You carefully climbed down the ladder into the cargo area below, being careful not to put too
much pressure on your still slightly swollen ankle. It had been a few days since you first
treated it, and though improved, it remained not fully healed. As you descended you noticed
the cargo door open, letting natural light filter into the otherwise dim compartment. You
limped towards the entrance, blinking against the sudden change in brightness.

 

Outside lay a haphazard semi-circle of crates and boxes, their contents uncovered but
remaining neatly packed. At the center sat Mando, a sniper rifle partially deconstructed in his
hands as he cleaned it. As you appeared at the mouth of the cargo doors he looked up,
nodding once in your direction before returning to his task.

 

"G'morning." You offered, somewhat blearily. This didn't earn you a response, however.

 

You shrugged. In the few days that you had been in the hunter's employment you had learned
he really wasn't one for conversation. He spoke only when necessary, offering little detail
about himself, his work, or his plans beyond landing on a random moon to lay low following
the commotion in the space-station cantina. You didn't really mind. After all, you had a lot to
think over in regard to recent events.

 

Such as the case this morning. You briefly perused the various supplies laid outside of the
ship, finding the one stocked to the brim with ration bars. Taking one, you settled down on
one of the various crates. Beside you, the child dozed quietly in his bassinet. You huffed a
small chuckle at the sight, a smile pulling at the corner of your mouth. At least someone got
to sleep in.

 

As you ate you turned your attention back to Mando, observing him as he carried out the
delicate process of cleaning the rifle in his lap. He had been steadily going through all of the
weapons in his cache over the past few days, fine tuning, cleaning, disassembling, and
assembling again. You quietly admired his delicate but precise movements in doing so, taking
great care in maintaining the firearms. It was clear he had profound respect for his weapons,
and you wondered if it was a result of his culture.

 

You hadn't known much about Mandalorians. You had heard rumors, of course. They were
unparalleled fighters, ruthless and precise. You once overheard a street vendor talk about how
the ancient people of Mandalore had hunted sorcerers long ago. You weren’t sure how much
of that was true. The idea of a secret galactic order of magic-wielders seemed far-fetched to
say the least. You did know that Mandalorians had a strict code of honor, though nobody



seemed to really know what that meant. Beyond that your knowledge was sparse, as much as
Mandalorians seemed to be across the galaxy nowadays.

 

You had managed to notice some things within recent days, however. For one, Mando never
took his helmet off, not even in front of the child. You hadn't even seen him remove it to eat.
Maybe that wasn't a culture thing, you pondered, biting off another chunk of ration bar.
Maybe he was just really ugly under that tin-can of his.

 

The thought made you chortle a bit, which drew Mando's attention. He paused what he was
doing, observing you. You covered your mouth, as if you could hide the snicker you just
made. It was always slightly uncomfortable being the subject of his focus. You had no idea
what his expression was under the visor, leaving you always feeling like you were being
hunted under his pointed gaze.

 

He remained unmoved for a second, and you did too, hoping you hadn't offended him. You
were fairly sure at this point he wasn't going to kill you or turn you in for a bounty, but you
also didn't want to take any chances. Finally, he nodded at your ankle and resumed his work.

 

"Better?" He asked, tone clipped.

 

You felt yourself relax a little. "Oh, yeah. Much better." You gave an experimental roll of
your ankle. It still ached a bit, but the medpac he had given you went a long way in treating
the sprain. The burn from the Trandoshan hunter's blood still stung to the touch, but it looked
like the odd discoloration had eased a bit. The same thing could be said for the blaster singe
on your upper arm. The torn skin had since begun to ease into a silvery scar.

 

"Good." He replied curtly without looking at you, fingers tracing the long barrel of the rifle.

 

That seemed to be the end of the conversation. You made a small face of dissatisfaction but
didn't try to push the topic further. Instead, you finished your ration bar and turned your
attention to the child in the bassinet beside you. He was dozing, and if you listened closely,
you could hear his soft, sleepy snores. A small smile crept over your face as you observed
him, a hand coming to rest atop his carrier.

 



Mando had briefed you on the bare details of the infant in his care. The Imps wanted him,
same as they wanted you. Although that could be for entirely different reasons. Mando had
mentioned something off-handed about a scientist. The idea of such a helpless creature being
used as the subject for a lab experiment made you shudder. The thought had seemed to bother
Mando as well. He had rescued the child after first bringing him in as a bounty. That fact
alone had altered your perception of the hunter. His sudden change of heart made him
seem...kinder, in a way, honorable.

 

"Is he yours?" You asked suddenly, making Mando pause and look at you.

 

"...In a way." He replied, turning back to his weapon. With a satisfying click the firearm was
again reassembled, the metal catching the low-lying sun.

 

"Where's his mom, if you don't mind me asking?" You knew the second you spoke that you
probably shouldn't have, if the sudden stiffness in Mando's shoulders was any indication.

 

"...I don't know." He returned at last, and you could hear something in his voice almost akin
to regret.

 

He stood suddenly, back turned to you as he carefully placed the sniper rifle back into its
crate. Your eyes followed him.

 

"That's a shame." You offered at last after a heavy pause. "Must be hard to be a single dad.
No wonder you needed a part-time babysitter."

 

You didn't get a response this time. You had learned in the past few days not to push
conversations, but in this instance you couldn't help yourself.

 

"I mean, it was more than I got at least, so I guess I can't judge." You muttered, mostly to
yourself. This did catch Mando's attention, even if all you got was a quick glance over his
shoulder.

 



"I didn't have any parents." You explained, a little haltingly. "Not that I can remember, at
least. I don’t think I can remember anything past when I was around 5 or so. I've been on my
own for as long as I can remember since then.

 

There was a small pause in his movements. The fingers fiddling with a latch inside the crate
silenced. If you hadn't been paying attention you might have missed it. You silently took this
as an indication to continue.

 

"It was rough. Probably rougher than having a bounty-hunter as your only parent. Sleeping in
the streets, stealing to survive, hoping your next meal wouldn’t be your last..." You trailed off
with a sad smile, one hand stroking the child's wrinkled forehead. It made a small, tired noise
in its sleep.

 

"It wasn't all bad, I guess." You conceded, casting a glance at Mando. He actually seemed to
be paying attention to you now, even if it was just over his shoulder. "I mean, there were
folks who helped me out. Cantina waitresses and street vendors, a handful of folks making
sure I didn’t starve and stayed at least semi-healthy. I wouldn’t call any of them parents,
though.”

 

You were briefly surprised to see Mando shift a little so he could see you better, no longer
looking at you from the corners of his vision. You glanced at him, again feeling a little
uncomfortable under his stare. Over the past few days you hadn’t managed to have much of a
conversation with him. Now, the words seemed to tumble out of you unrestrained, broken
loose by his sudden scrutiny of you. Giving him a small, nervous smile, you continued.

 

“Eventually, when I was old enough, I started running errands for the gang. It was dangerous,
but easier than what I'd been doing before. Looking back, I guess I should have never gotten
involved. "

 

Your mind supplied the image of the gigantic Trandoshan towering over you in your
workshop, and again as he stared you down over the barrel of a rifle. You shivered, both from
the lingering terror and the planet’s cold morning air.

 

"Did you have folks to look after you?" You asked, turning to Mando. Again, he regarded you
silently, as if weighing his answer.



 

"I did." He replied at last. "A clan."

 

You smiled, the thought pleasant. "That must be nice. I mean, people say it takes a village to
raise a child, after all." You looked back at the kid, and realizing your indiscretion quickly
added "That's not meant to be a jab at your parenting style, I mean. You have to make credits
somehow out here, I'm not judging."

 

Mando gave a small, noncommittal shrug, tearing his attention from you and turning to sit
again with a blaster pistol in his lap. Silence fell over the two of you once more, but it was
less oppressive this time, almost comfortable. No longer did you feel the urge to fill the
silence with your own voice. You folded your legs under you, watching him work.

 

"Soooo what's the plan, exactly?" You inquired after a long stretch of stillness. "Besides
sitting on a moon in the middle of nowhere cleaning blasters."

 

"Lay low." Mando returned, eyes remaining on the weapon in his hands. "Hope a hunter
doesn't catch up to us. If they do-" He pulled out the firing cylinder from its slot with a small
but distinct snap. "Kill them before they kill us."

 

You suppressed a shudder. If Mando's abilities back at the space-station were any indication,
you didn't want to be around to see the poor soul that tried to take out the hunter across from
you.

 

"What am I supposed to do, if that happens?" You asked genuinely.

 

"Don’t run off with my ship.” The answer was instant, and you suppressed a scoff.

 

“Other than that.” You quipped, and Mando briefly paused to spare you a glance. You
withered a bit under the bounty hunter’s stare, until at last he spoke again:

 



“Protect the kid."

 

You frowned, puzzled. "And uhm, how am I supposed to do that?" Mando stared at you,
helmet clad expression indiscernible.

 

You raised your hands placatingly. "I mean, no offense, but I'm not exactly the 'hand-to-hand
combat' type." You went on. "I think you've seen that much."

 

Mando regarded you for a moment longer before standing. You watched as he put down the
blaster in his hands and strode over the row of weapons he had already cleaned. Selecting
one, he walked back over to you, offering a small blaster by its hilt.

 

"Here."

 

You looked down incredulously at the weapon in his hand, raising your head to look up at
him in disbelief. "Really?"

 

He tilted his head at you. "You can shoot, right?"

 

"It's not that, it's just-" You bit back your words, concerned about provoking him. Of course,
you knew how to shoot. Were you a crack shot? Not really. That really wasn’t the issue. More
than anything, you were simply surprised that Mando trusted you enough to offer you one of
his own weapons.

 

Although, he could probably take you down in seconds if you gave any indication of turning
the weapon on him. You tried not to think about that.

 

"Trigger is here, laser comes out here." The hunter pointed out, and you could hear a hint of
sarcasm through his voice modulator.

 



"Right." You replied lamely, carefully examining the blaster. It was a good model. Simple,
well maintained. It probably wouldn't help you much in a real firefight, but you hoped it
wouldn't come to that.

 

Mando didn't move from above you as you turned the blaster over in your hands. You
glanced up at him, trying to offer a smile. He sighed exasperatedly.

 

"There, try to shoot that rock over there." You followed his gaze to a boulder as big as the
crate you were sitting on. It lay a good twenty paces away. You scooted to face it, leveling
your aim at the center. You took a steady, even inhale and fired.

 

The bolt grazed the upper edge of the rock, barely missing.

 

Before the Mandalorian behind you could sigh in annoyance you turned, keeping the blaster
pointed down and away from you.

 

"I said I could shoot, I didn't say I was great at it." You countered quickly. "I'm a mechanic, I
try not to get into shoot-outs if I can help it."

 

Mando stared down at you hard. You could almost hear himself asking why he decided to
hire you. He shook his head in frustration, turning from you.

 

"Keep practicing." He commented over his shoulder. "After the kid wakes up."

 

As if on cue, a gurgle came from the bassinet. You reached it first, peering inside to see the
kid awake and watching you with his characteristic brown gaze.

 

"Morning' bud." You greeted with a wide smile. The infant turned to you, raising his arms in
a bid to be held. You obliged happily, settling the kid in your lap after tucking the blaster into
your back pocket. "Sleep well?"

 



The child made a sound of agreement up at you, then reached for your discarded empty ration
bar wrapper.

 

"Oops, hang on little guy. Let me get you some breakfast." You leaned to the side, trying to
reach the open crate of ration bars off to your left. Your reach didn't quite extend, but as you
stretched a hand picked up a bar and carefully handed it to you. You cast a grateful glance up
at Mando, who returned the look without any indication of expression.

 

The infant in your lap happily began to nibble on the bar, his small munching sounds one of
the only noises in the otherwise quiet campsite.

 

"That alright?" You asked him in an effort to break the silence. The child looked up at you
with a mouthful of a ration bar, making a little grunt of satisfaction. You smiled
affectionately. It had only been a few days, but you really felt yourself growing a bond with
the child. You didn't know if it was his adorable personality, cute demeanor, or something
entirely different.

 

As if on cue, you could hear your name again, spoken in halting baby syllables. It came
across as something other than an audible noise. You were able to hear it, but the sound was
whispery. If you concentrated too hard it slipped away like water.

 

"That's right. That's my name." You laughed, charmed.

 

"You really can understand him." Mando spoke, interrupting your thoughts. His voice
contained a hint of amazement. You looked up at him as he observed you two.

 

You shrugged with a half-smile. "Sort of?" You replied. "I mean, the only thing he ever
actually says is my name, though I still don't know how he found that out."

 

Mando remained silent, his gaze at you unfaltering. You self-consciously avoided his stare,
choosing instead to look down at the child happily munching away in your lap.

 



Then, Mando said your name.

 

You looked up, surprised. Mando tilted his head at you, as if he wasn't the one to just speak
your name with such deliberateness. He looked down at your open, wide-eyed gaze for a
moment too long. Just as you were about to question him, he turned abruptly.

 

"It's a good name." He finally spoke, turning his attention back to his blaster and continuing
with his work as if the conversation had never occurred at all.

 

You looked after him, astonished. Yet the silence that followed wasn't uncomfortable.
Instead, you turned his voice over in your head, secretly relishing the way he had spoken it.

 

For the first time in days, you felt yourself light up with a truly genuine smile.

Chapter End Notes

Bit of a slow chapter for y'all. We can't always have these three running around,
everyone needs some down time. Next chapter should be a little more interesting. Again,
a big thank you to everyone who has commented, given kudos, subscribed, bookmarked,
or viewed this work. I'm honestly surprised by the amount of attention this fic has
gotten, not that I'm complaining.

See y'all soon.

----

Edit 5/4/2022: If you are binge reading this, this is your reminder to unclench your jaw,
loosen your shoulders, stretch, and drink water



Chapter 5: Part Five: Aim
Chapter Summary

"No." Mando's modulated voice came from beside you. A pair of gloved hands rested on
your grip of the blaster. You sucked in a breath automatically, feeling the cold metal of
his beskar bracers come into contact with your arms. You hadn’t even heard him behind
you. How did he get so close?

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Again."

You breathed in, sweat beading your brow as you fired off another shot at your make-shift
target. The blaster bolt made a small whizzing sound as it scraped the edge of the boulder
ahead of you, letting forth a small shower of sparks. You frowned in dismay.

 

"Again." Mando's voice echoed behind you. His tone was even, practiced. Raising the small
blaster he had given you, you leveled your aim once more.

 

It had been two days since your lengthy conversation with Mando, the one that had left you
puzzled but pleased at his slow adjustment towards you. In that time, you two had managed
to create a sort of orbit around each other as you made your way about your respective days.
Mando made a point of trying not to touch you, trying not to get close in the small space of
the Razorcrest. He still didn't offer much conversation, but you could tell by the way he
moved past you in the cargo hold, the difference in his tone when he did speak to you, that he
had grown more comfortable with your presence.

 

Likewise, you felt yourself relaxing as the days went by. No longer constantly fearful of
offending the hunter or otherwise raising the possibility of endangering yourself, you had
managed to develop a tenuous relationship with your new circumstances. Of course, the
threat of an impending bounty hunter or, stars forbid, a stormtrooper unit descending upon
you remained. More often than not you could find Mando scanning the horizon with his
scopes, eyes tracing the hazy grey-blue sky above you. There was an odd silence over the
camp, one that you couldn’t attribute to Mando’s gruff and quiet nature. It was almost as if
the second you allowed yourselves to get too comfortable that hell would rain down on you.



 

Despite this, the two of you managed to fall into a rhythm as the days had gone by. You
managed the child for most of the day, often finding him a willing listener to whatever
thoughts you had on hand. It was one-sided conversation, but you could tell from the way the
infant looked up at you, the understanding in his eyes, that he comprehended what you were
saying. He certainly seemed to be a better conversation partner than Mando, who seemed to
ignore you for most of the time you two were together.

 

Yet, more than once, out of the corner of your eye, you had caught Mando watching you two.
He seemed to silently observe you two, often taking a small break from whatever task he was
focused on to listen to you talk to the child. Of course, every time you turned your head to
meet his gaze his eyes instantly snapped back to his work, and he acted like he hadn't
diverged from it in the first place.

 

Mando had focused the last few days continuing to clean and maintain his large inventory of
weapons aboard. You couldn’t help but admire his thoroughness, the way he handled the
weapons with care and respect. When he wasn’t working on disassembling the blasters or
scanning the horizon for intruders you often found him elsewhere. It wasn’t hard to locate
him in your small campsite. More often than not you’d find him in the cockpit during his off-
hours. He spent a fair portion of his time there reviewing star charts and scrolling the holonet
for news on the movements of Imperial remnants in the outer rim.

 

Despite the time you had spent with him, he still had never removed his helmet. You were
afraid to broach the subject, and instead silently guessed it was a token of Mandalorian
culture. Yet you had begun to wonder if the man ate at all, or even slept for that matter. It
seemed as if you never caught him unawake, and you couldn’t help but wonder if he was still
on guard around you, unwilling to let himself rest as long as you were awake.

 

In the hours when the little guy napped, you spent your spare time doing a mental inventory
of all the minor repairs the ship needed. The door to the fresher opposite the cockpit was
slightly buckled inwards; The bulkhead above your small sleeping area now had a dent from
the number of times your accidentally whacked yourself waking up from your nightmares;
And the cargo area had a number of compartments with missing handles, badly repaired
hinges, and other miscellaneous fixes. It was all things you could repair yourself given the
right materials and tools, all of which had been left behind at your workshop back on
Kaddack. Not an hour went by in those few days where you didn’t mentally scold yourself
for being wise enough to pack a to-go bag or something similar in case the exact scenario
with the Trandoshan unfolded.

 



Upon completing his inventory of the weapons cache, Mando announced that you three
would be moving on from the quiet moon you had made your campsite on.

 

"We've been here too long." He told you one evening as the two of you sat opposite each
other, a small fire flickering between you. The child dozed in the bassinet beside you, and
across from you Mando’s armor reflected the orange haze of the campfire. "It's pure luck a
hunter hasn't caught up with us by now. I don't want to test it by staying any longer."

 

Yet as the two of you packed the cargo crates and supplies back into the hold the next
morning, he had turned to you and motioned you outside. For a moment you were nervous,
almost afraid he would simply leave you on this nameless moon in the middle of the Outer
Rim. Instead, he directed you to the boulder from a few days prior, instructing you to take out
your blaster and practice your aim.

 

Now your blaster dinged off the corner of the boulder for the umpteenth time that morning.
This time you couldn't suppress a groan of frustration.

 

"Again." Mando's modulated voice directed from behind you. "Try harder."

 

You felt your mouth quirk at his comment but tried to ignore your rising annoyance. Instead,
you leveled your gaze once more, remembering to breathe and fire between your inhale and
exhale. This time the bullet didn't even touch the rock, flying off and impacting the flat
landscape beyond with a small puff of smoke.

 

"Look where you're shooting." Mando barked, and this time you spun towards him,
frustration prickling along your arms towards your shoulders.

 

"I am." You ground out; teeth clenched. "It's too far, I can't hit it."

 

Mando only crossed his arms, remaining cool and collected despite your outburst. His helmet
lowered towards you, expression unreadable past the black visor.

 



"If a hunter gets any closer than that to you, you might as well consider yourself dead." He
replied flatly, nodding to the rock in the distance. "Again."

 

Trying to control your simmering irritation, you turned and fired off another shot. It went
wild.

 

"Focus." Mando spoke again behind you, tone teetering on annoyance himself. Unable to
contain yourself any longer, you wheeled on him.

 

"I am focusing." You bit back, a warm flush rising across your face. "Not all of us were born
bounty hunters, you know."

 

You knew the second the words left your mouth they were a mistake. Mando's otherwise
passive posture seemed to tower above you as his hands fell to his sides. His shoulders tensed
under his beskar armor, and you tried to ignore the small shiver at his suddenly intimidating
stance. You had almost forgotten, within the past few days, that this was the same man who
took out nearly an entire cantina of drifters while hardly breaking a sweat.

 

He took a step towards you, and though startled, you stood your ground as you stared up at
his taller stature. Jaw clenched, shoulders tense, the grip on your blaster firm, you swallowed
thickly as he gazed down at you through his visor.

 

In a single motion, without barely looking, he unholstered his own blaster and fired several
rapid rounds into the boulder. They hit dead center, leaving behind a large smoking scorch
mark that hissed as it cooled. Within another heartbeat he clicked the safety on once more,
putting the weapon back in its holster. The entire gesture had taken less than five seconds.

 

You tensed as Mando turned back to you, suddenly feeling small under his pointed stare.

 

"I wasn't born a bounty hunter." He spoke lowly. His voice was measured, even, but you
could detect the hidden irritation there. You suddenly realized how little distance stood
between you two. If you raised your hand, you could easily brush it over his armor.

 



"That-" Mando gestured to the blackened boulder, "Is the result of years of practice and
dedication."

 

You swallowed self-consciously, trying to maintain his direct gaze but failing. You lowered
your head, feeling shame and embarrassment warm your face as you averted your gaze.

 

"Sorry." You muttered lamely, eyes now focused on your scuffed boots. "I shouldn't have
assumed."

 

Yet Mando didn't budge. Instead, he observed you, staring down through his visor at your
shorter form. You withered slightly under his intense scrutiny.

 

"Give me your blaster."

 

Your head shot up, surprise washing over your expression. "What?"

 

He didn't repeat himself, instead holding out his gloved hand silently.

 

Hesitantly, you deposited the small firearm in his hand. You half expected him to take it back
into the cargo hold and lock it up with the rest of the weapons cache. Perhaps even worse,
Mando would rescind his offer to you and leave on this dustbowl alone after all, having
retrieved his weapon. Instead, he turned to face your target, holding up the blaster to his
level.

 

"You keep trying to use both eyes to aim." He spoke as you watched, taken aback by his
instruction. "Use only your dominant one. Close the other. Remember to keep the front and
the back of the gun level, otherwise you risk aiming too high or low."

 

You observed as he shifted the blaster in his grasp, tilting it ever so slightly so that the sights
remained even.

 



"Keep your feet apart, knees slightly bent. Not as wide as you've been doing, it's throwing off
your concentration."

 

To accentuate he bounced slightly in his stance. After a moment he paused, aiming, and firing
off a single shot that hit the target in a perfect bullseye.

 

Wordlessly he relaxed and offered the blaster back to you, hilt first.

 

It took you a moment to accept, dazed at his detailed explanation. You blinked, silently
thinking to yourself about this was the most you'd heard him speak at once in the time since
you had first met the hunter. Gingerly, you held the blaster once more.

 

You turned, trying to adjust your stance and sights according to his instructions.

 

"No." Mando's modulated voice came from beside you. A pair of gloved hands rested on your
grip of the blaster. You sucked in a breath automatically, feeling the cold metal of his beskar
bracers come into contact with your arms. You hadn’t even heard him behind you. How did
he get so close?

 

Wordlessly Mando loosened your hold on the blaster, rearranging your hands so that your
grip was steadier, firmer. Just as quickly as they had come his hands disappeared. You saw
him nod out of the corner of your eyes.

 

You could feel your hands shake slightly at the shock of the hunter suddenly closing the
space between you. Still, you managed to steady them and level your sights with a deep
breath. You tried to mimic his stance, take into account his instruction. Inhaling a trembling
breath, you focused your aim and fired. The recoil was softer this time, and you managed to
keep your arms level as you regained yourself and looked after the bolt.

 

In the upper right corner of the boulder lay a small but noticeable blackened stain.

 



You could feel your expression light up with a small sense of triumph. You turned back to
Mando, a broad grin etched across your face. Though you couldn't see his expression under
his helmet, you tried to imagine a satisfied smile beneath his visor.

 

"Better." Was all he said after a small nod. Without another word he turned, cape flapping
behind him as he made his way back towards the ship. Your eyes followed him, a slight
disappointment rising in your chest. You didn’t know why, but you expected something more
after your success. Still, it was more recognition than you had received all morning. You'd
take what you could get.

 

You trotted after him, remembering to turn the safety back on the blaster before pocketing it.
Mando waited for you to ascend the ramp before pressing the panel beside him. The ramp
hummed as it retracted. You managed to get one last glance at the boulder and the mark you
had made on it before the ramp closed with a soft hiss.

 

Mando had already ascended the ladder, and you quickly followed. As the ship whirred to life
you settled into the seat behind him. The child sat on the other side, playing with a small
metal ball. Mando glanced at the infant, then did a double take.

 

"Hey, give it." He commanded, taking the improvised toy, and screwing it back onto a level
on the flight panel. The infant beside you made a small squeal of displeasure. Instead, he
turned towards you, lifting his arms up in his typical motion of asking to be held. You
obliged, balancing the child in your lap as the engines hummed to life, lifting the ship off the
ground and into the air.

 

You gazed out the cockpit window before you, taking in the view one last time.

 

The sky had faded from the soft pink of morning to a gentle blue, tinting purple towards the
horizon. The bare dirt landscape grew smaller as the Razorcrest lifted higher into the sky.
Mesas in the distance became scraggly lines against the planet below you, soon obscured by
cloud cover. Your small campsite, the place you had called home for the past several days,
faded into the distance as the ship ascended past the atmosphere into space. You bid it a silent
farewell, a longing smile tugging the corner of your lips.

 

As the moon's curvature vanished from sight to be replaced by the starry expanse of space,
you looked down to the child in your arms.



 

"Off to the next adventure, huh friend?" You asked, receiving a happy gurgle in reply.

 

The Razorcrest slowed, leaning back before launching forward into the blue light of
hyperspace.

 

-                      -                      -

 

Din gazed out at the racing blue lights of hyperspace before him silently, thoughts wandering
restlessly.

 

It had been a little less than a week since he had originally found you hiding inside his ship.
The days had passed quickly, in hindsight. Yet every day in your presence seemed to last a
little longer than he imagined. This wasn’t something he could have accounted for, hiring a
stowaway as a babysitter. He could still see the bright, terrified shine in your eyes as he had
yanked the tarp of your hiding spot up to reveal you.

 

Looking back now he didn't know what he was so afraid of. He was sure then that you were a
guild spy, or perhaps some outer-rim gang member trying to steal his ship. For all he knew
you could have been an Imperial informant, caught in the wrong spot at the wrong time,
ready to bring down a carrier of stormtroopers down on him. Yet at the waystation you had
protected the child, even at the threat of your own life, and for that he was grateful.

 

As the days had passed, and you had slowly established yourself around the Razorcrest, he
began to see past the veil of anxiety he had originally approached you with. You didn't have
the skills to really pose a threat to him or the child. You did, however, pose the potential to
become a valuable asset to him. Having a mechanic with a working knowledge of starships
was nothing to scoff at when he owned a pre-imperial antique of a spacecraft. He had already
noticed you wandering the ship, keen eyes tracing over bent panels and sloppily forged
wiring. All things that he either couldn't afford to replace or repair, and some he had just
given up on.

 

It didn't hurt that the child had taken an almost instant liking to you as well. Even before he
had decided to take you aboard the infant seemed fascinated by you. His small green hands
constantly were reaching out to touch you, to be held by you. There was a connection there



that Din didn't truly understand, but that he himself found almost riveting to watch. He knew
nothing of the child’s past and couldn’t help but wonder at first if you two had met already.
However, your story of your upbringing had quickly negated that possibility.

 

When you had spoken about your time on Kaddack to him Din had been surprised, not
expecting you to let down your guard so easily. Such a trait was uncommon in the people he
had met. He couldn’t deny that you letting down that silent barrier had allowed him to relax a
bit around you as well.

 

Still, he had been wronged one too many times to completely let down his guard yet. It was
true. You couldn't aim any better than a stormtrooper, you lacked any real strength of a
hunter, and your inability to hide your thoughts on such an open, honest face meant that you
wouldn't pose a challenge to him even if you tried. Yet Din's years of constant travel, of deals
gone wrong and allies betrayed meant it was still too soon to completely put his faith in you.

 

Besides, there was something...off about you. A part of him thought it was just his paranoia
from having an Imperial bounty constantly around him. Or it could simply be the anxiety of
being chased, hunted by other bounty hunters. Yet even that didn't entirely explain the way
you always seemed to know where he was, your ability to gauge him out of the corner of
your eyes. Not to mention the fact that you had escaped from a hunter that fell on the same
skill level as him. That wasn't something any ordinary person could do.

 

Then there was your connection with the child.

 

Din hadn't originally believed you when you had said you could hear the child's voice. Of
course, he did as well, the kid was constantly babbling and gurgling in his carrier, whining at
a lack of attention or food. Yet you explained that it wasn't an audible sound. It was
something you could almost hear in your mind. If your strange awareness of him wasn't
enough to go on, that fact alone made you suspicious in his eyes. Yet he wasn’t entirely
surprised. The child had once displayed strange powers before, it could be that this was
another manifestation of them. Why he had chosen you of all people to show that to,
however, was unknown.

 

Din found it hard not to take at least a mild interest in you. He considered himself a good
judge of character, able to discern friend and foe quickly. His instincts had told him you
weren’t someone who would try to shoot him in his sleep, at least.



 

Besides that, your gentle affection for the infant in his care, your earnest personality was
refreshing, different than the various quarries or guild members he often dealt with. It seemed
hard for you to hide any possible ulterior motives. Though you didn't speak to Din much, he
frequently found you having entire conversations with the child in his care. You likely found
him to be a more acceptable audience as opposed to the gruff and quiet Mandalorian. Din, for
all he was worth, had found that extended conversations were not his forte.

 

He could hear you often telling the kid about your life on Kaddack, about your time as an
adolescent spent running errands for the gang that had ended up putting out a hit on you.
Your soft-voiced descriptions of the warm colored workshop on your planet were relaxing, in
a way. Listening to you Din could almost feel the hot sun of the Kaddack system filtering
through the shanty cracks and heating the clay-colored walls of your home. It reminded him
somewhat of the few memories he had of his own upbringing.

 

Din neglected to admit that he felt a small kinship with you as you confessed your childhood
to him. It was a story that wasn't uncommon amongst foundlings. A child, abandoned by their
guardians or parents, left to fend for themselves. If the Mandalorians hadn't rescued him
when he was young, Din wondered if he would have experienced something similar to your
story.

 

If the Mandalorians weren't so disjointed and scattered by the purges, maybe someone would
have found you and made you a foundling as well.

 

Din quickly shook the thought away, blinking against the array of stars before him. The
motion caught your attention as you tried to entertain the infant on your lap behind him.

 

He could hear your voice filter through his helmet, sounding concerned. "You alright?"

 

"Fine." He replied curtly.

 

He could hear you pause without glancing back towards you, almost as if you wanted to say
something. Whatever the impulse was seemed to fade, and instead you stood, carrying the
infant with you.



 

"Well, I'm going to try and get this little fellow to sleep." You announced. "It's about time for
his nap, I think." Din nodded silently in reply, keeping his eyes on the blue light of
hyperspace before him.

 

Yet he could tell you didn’t fully move, the cockpit silent of any motion on your behalf. Din
turned just enough to see you out of the corner of his eyes, watching as you paused in the
doorway. It had become easy for him to read you, and now he watched as the corner of your
mouth quirked. It was an indication you had more to say but weren't confident enough to
voice it in front of him.

 

"Don't-" You started, and stopped, as if weighing your choice of words. Your voice was softer
as you continued. "Don't push yourself too hard."

 

Din blinked, lips parting slightly as he regarded you. Your expression was almost apologetic,
afraid of testing the invisible boundary that he had built between you two.

 

"If you need someone to take over, I-I can do it. I barely ever see you sleep." Din blinked,
taken aback by your sudden forwardness.

 

"Bounty hunters need to rest too, you know." You quickly added with a laugh, but Din could
sense the unease behind it. Even after the time you had spent with him, you really didn't trust
him yet. He couldn't blame you, having his own reservations about you. Still, the offer was
genuine, no apparent menace behind it.

 

"That’s...very kind of you." He spoke at last, voice halting. "I'll be fine, but thank you."

 

You nodded, seemingly satisfied by his answer. There was a moment where you paused once
more, and Din could only begin to imagine the unspoken words that lay between you two.

 

"In that case, I'll turn in too." You replied, and your voice was quiet, soft. "Goodnight,
Mando."



 

Din regarded you for a moment longer, watching your tentative posture and shy expression.
He blinked after a moment, then quietly provided: "Goodnight."

 

You vanished beyond the cockpit doorway, and Din could hear as you descended the ladder
into the hold in search of the infant's pram. His eyes lingered on the doorway, gaze ghosting
over the emptiness you had just left.

 

Again, he shook his head, as if doing so could clear his jumbled thoughts. He was usually
very clear-headed. His job required it, after all. Even during his time traveling with
something so distracting as the child he had managed to keep an even head. So why was it
that he often found his concentration breaking when he was around you? There were simply
too many unknowns regarding you, and yet Din found himself compelled to find the answers
to them.

 

Alone now, he tilted his helmet so that he could rub a hand over his bare face. It didn't matter.
Soon enough you three would pass by a perfectly safe planet far from the reaches of the
Imperial Remnants. Then you would announce that you'd be disembarking, and it would be
back to him and the kid traveling alone.

 

For now, he remained silently torn over how soon he wanted that day to come.

 

Chapter End Notes

Ok so I know I said that this chapter would have some more action in it, but these two
just...need to bond. That being said, this chapter was a BEAST to write. It really takes
some work to get into Din's thought process without making him sound out of character.
I promise we get back into the plot next chapter...once I make some decisions about
what path to take this story on. I think I have it figured out. Maybe, possibly, I'm pretty
sure, not really.

In the meantime here's some announcements:

I have a tumblr dedicated exclusively to my works now. Right now it's full of
Mando/SW inspo and story updates and well as content from other creators. You can



follow me at Sprout-Fics. Here I'll be updating on future projects as well as chapter
updates for other fics.



Chapter 6: Part Six: The Wound
Chapter Summary

"Can you...hang on until then?" He asked, unease tinting his words. Again, his concern
took you by surprise.

"No." Your mind supplied in response to his query. Instead you tried your best to focus
on him, ignoring the searing heat boiling under your skin. Grimacing, you tried to
project determination past the horror that sat low in your stomach.

"Yes." You answered at last, relieved to find that your voice didn't waver.

Chapter Notes

Slight canon bending and explicit mention of poisoning ahead

See the end of the chapter for more notes

You don't know how long you slept. You were used to your dreams of a vicious blaze chasing
you into wakefulness by this point, but the next time you woke the burning didn't stop.

Even as sleep lifted like a black curtain from behind your eyes, the scorching heat continued
unabated. As much as you tried to rouse yourself from the nightmare you couldn't shake the
feeling on your blood simmering beneath your skin. It felt as if someone had tried to replace
your veins with rivulets of molten lava, rendering you barely able to move from the sudden
onslaught of pain. Instinctively you gasped, and the breath that rattled your lungs was sour,
tainted.

Something was terribly wrong.

"Mando." You croaked, and your throat felt dry, voice cracking from the effort to speak. You
didn't gain any response. If the Mandalorian was in the cockpit he likely didn't hear your
voice, almost a whisper in your mouth.

"M-Mando?" You tried again, swallowing thickly to try and wet your throat. The motion only
brought forth a hard scrape inside your esophagus.

The storage compartment you had made your bunk was dim, lit only by a small overhead
light that flicked above you. The door to the small section of ship between your area and the
cockpit was broken, letting forth just enough light for you to make out the doorway in the



otherwise darkened ship. Your eyes fell towards the door, knowing that the hunter likely sat
just beyond it.

Carefully, you tried to bring yourself to a sit. As you moved you felt a shudder of pain run
through your limbs. You felt as if you had been dropped two stories, limbs heavy and
unwilling to move. Your legs felt limp, unable to carry your weight. Still, somehow you
managed to bring yourself upright, sitting on the edge of the make-shift bed.

Your head throbbed violently, heartbeat nearly deafening inside your ears. A foul, coppery
taste filled your mouth as you once again tried to swallow. The air moving between your
lungs seemed stale, stifled. You could barely think past the pain, much less begin to ponder
the source of your sudden affliction. All you knew is that you had to get to Mando, try and
tell him to get you to a medic as soon as possible.

You tried calling him again, but this time your voice came out as barely a whisper.
Summoning what little strength you had you wobbled to a stand, whimpering at the
unsettling ache that fell across your limbs. Your legs trembled as you took a step towards the
door. The ship tilted around you, the floor constantly shifting beneath your feet. It took all
your concentration just to remain standing as your center of gravity tried to toss you to the
ground.

As the cockpit finally came into view you huffed a sigh of relief. The air in your lungs came
out as a half-choked rattle. Mando sat in the pilot's seat, studying a star map. The child sat on
the panel beside him, making small sounds of baby speech at his caretaker. It surprised you to
hear Mando making small, disinterested noises of affirmation as the infant babbled. Neither
noticed you at first, likely assuming you were simply headed down towards the latrine or
storage area to get some food.

You breathed in deeply, feeling the air barely reach the center of your chest.

"Mando?" You spoke, and this time your voice was a bit louder, gaining the hunter's attention
and making him turn. At once his relaxed posture stiffened, noticing your trembling figure
standing in the doorway. His attention on the star map now lost, he observed you intently.

"What's wrong?" His voice came, tone low and concerned. The child turned to look at you as
well, and you could almost feel the distress roll off of him upon seeing your pale face and
quivering limbs.

You tried again to speak, trying to summon words past your pain addled brain. Yet the
cockpit swam before your eyes, the stars beyond blurring as if you had just come out of
hyperspace. You wobbled, trying to balance yourself.

Mando spoke your name, and with a sudden lucidity you thought that every time he spoke it
that the sound was hesitant, careful. Almost as if he was afraid to use it.

"Mando." You repeated again, but the word was slurred. "I...help-"

A sudden lightness washed over you, and your legs buckled under you without warning. You
tried to catch yourself on the doorframe, but your arms lay heavy at your sides. Mando



flinched in surprise as your body hit the floor, scrambling out of his seat to reach you.

"Hey!" He exclaimed, kneeling beside you. "What's wrong? Hey, talk to me!"

But you couldn't. It was taking almost all of your concentration to try and push yourself up
onto your elbows, breathing labored. Mando's hands rested on your shoulders, and the touch
seemed foreign to the image of the apathetic blunt hunter you'd grown to know over the past
few days. Gently he reached under you, trying to aid in lifting you to at least a sitting
position.

"Burns." You managed, voice cracking. "It burns. Please..."

You could sense his hands pause for a moment, muscles freezing at your words. You tried
your best to assist him, but your muscles felt locked and unable to respond to your directions.
After a brief pause you felt one of his gloved hands reach down towards your previously
injured ankle, pulling up your pants leg. The rush of cold air against the blazing heat there
made you stifle a whimper. As his fingers prodded the burn from the Trandoshan hunter's
blood you felt the strength in your arms fail at the sudden flare of hot white pain. Mando's
arm supporting your middle remained steady, flexing under you to carry your weight.

"Dank ferrick." Mando hissed beneath his helmet. "Karking lizards."

The words barely registered. Your whole body felt stiff, unable to move. You would have
been embarrassed at your sudden incapacitation if it weren't for the fact that you could barely
think past the searing heat behind your eyes. With great care Mando slowly rolled you over
so you were face up, staring up the ceiling with blurry eyes.

"Hey." Mando's voice floated through your thoughts. "Hey, look at me."

You directed your gaze over towards the hunter, his helmeted face hovering over you. One
arm still supported you under your back, leaning you up so you could meet his gaze. Not for
the first time, you wondered what his expression looked like under the visor.

"You've been poisoned." Mando explained, nodding at your ankle. "The Trandoshan, his
blood must have gotten into a scrape or a cut on your leg. It's venomous."

Ah, that made sense, you thought hazily. It explained the strange discoloration on your leg
over the past few days. Still, knowing why you felt like you were slowly burning and
suffocating to death didn't do much to improve your current situation.

"Can you stand?"

You shook your head, the motion alone making the ship tilt violently around you.

Mando mumbled something to himself that you couldn't hear. Slowly, he began to stand,
bringing you with him. An arm wrapped around you and held onto you with an almost
bruising grip. You managed to let out a small whimper at the touch. Your center of gravity
shifted once more, and past the blaze of searing heat that gnawed at your consciousness you



realized he was adjusting you so that you lay limp across one of his shoulders. His arm came
to hold you on top of him so that you didn't fall.

You tried to protest indignantly, slightly mortified at being man-handled. Yet your voice came
out only as a strangled slur. Mando didn't reply, and as the metal of his armor made a soft
clang in contact with the ladder you realized he was using his opposite arm to hold onto the
rail and carry you downwards.

You tried to protest, the idea of being moved again making your stomach lurch. For a
moment you could see the black tinted visor of Mando's helmet focus into your vision before
it faded once more. The hunter managed to hold you to him as if you were no heavier than a
child, but the awkward position of trying to both carry you and make his way down the
ladder jostled you uncomfortably.

"Put...me down." You managed, voice hoarse.

"No." Came his tight-lipped reply.

You couldn't form a retort, the swaying motion from being on his shoulder making your head
spin. One of his pauldrons pressed uncomfortably into your side and you tried to shift.

"Stay still." His words left no room for argument.

You paused, surprised at his tone. Though he tried to mask it as frustration, you could hear
the touch of anxiety tinting his words. A strange feeling coiled in your stomach, separate
from the blinding heat that distorted your vision. Yet even as you tried to place it the nausea
of being moved threatened to crawl up your throat, and the thought faded once more.

Soon enough Mando's boots touched the floor of the cargo hold below. From above you
could hear the concerned murmurs of the child standing at the top of the hatch. In your
venom ridden state, his babbling sounds almost sounded like words.

When Mando moved you again, sliding you from his shoulder, you couldn't contain the groan
of near agony that escaped you. You bit down on your lip, trying to quiet yourself as Mando
adjusted you into his arms.

"It hurts." You wheezed, voice small.

Mando tensed. You could feel it in the arms that carried you, in the way his entire posture
seemed to go rigid. Again, you wondered how deeply his concern for you ran.

He took all of three steps before you were being moved again. Except this time, it was
gentler, slower. You soon found yourself laying on your back, a firm but comfortable cot
under you. It took you a moment to realize Mando had transferred you to his own bunk. If
your face wasn't hot with sickness already you might have blushed at your unwilling invasion
of privacy. Instead you tried to speak, to summon words past your raw and aching throat.

"Thank you." You managed, voice barely above a whisper. Mando's withdrawing hands
paused, fluttered for a moment before his voice came through softly.



"You're welcome."

He vanished, and you could sense him disappear beyond your reach. Boots clacked against
the cargo hold as he padded off, leaving you alone. You almost wanted to call him back,
afraid of being left by yourself against the toxic blood that ravaged your body. The thought
was hazy, dissipating like smoke moments after it occurred to you.

It felt like your dream all over again. You could almost feel the mass of bodies pushing past
you, the screams and smell of acrid smoke filling your nose. Except this time there was no
waking up, no rousing yourself from a nightmare long past.

Soon Mando reappeared and gently raised you so that you were propped upwards against
him. The cool rim of a lid touched your lips, and you could hear his voice filter through the
hot haze of pain in your thoughts.

"Pirur." He spoke, and you didn't recognize the language. "Drink."

You opened your mouth, raising your hands slowly to grasp the canister. The cold water
made you splutter at first, the liquid a shock to your raw throat. Still, you managed to
swallow a few times before trying to hand the canister back to him.

As Mando lowered you once more back onto the cot, you tried to focus on him. Your vision
swam before your eyes, colors and shapes blurring in a dizzying effect. Yet you managed to
catch the familiar helmet above you, gazing down at you silently.

"We need to get you planet-side." He spoke, and it was as if his words floated to you through
water. "If you don't get treated soon the damage could be fatal."

Summoning what little concentration you had you managed to whisper: "Your...bedside
manner...is shit."

A small noise muffled by his modulator. Was that a laugh? How rude.

Before you could question it further a gloved hand landed on your upper arm, peeling back
the sleeve there. You wanted to ask what he was doing, but the small pinch of an pain killer
injector stopped you. Almost instantly you could feel your body beginning to cool, relief
washing over you like a soft breeze.

"It isn't much, but it should help." Mando spoke, voice quiet. Your eyes fluttered open, and
you blinked a few times to reorient yourself. Slowly your vision focused on the walls of
Mando's bunk. Off on one wall was a small cabinet, likely where he stored clothes and
blankets. On the other was a simple metal panel, scored by years of tossing and turning in
armor. You lay so that your head was opposite the small door, feet pointed down towards the
opening.

Somehow Mando had managed to shift you so that he could get halfway inside without
having to move you. You were halfway propped up on a bundle behind you, the position
somewhat disagreeable, but allowing you to see the length of the cargo hold and the hunter



beside you. Realizing with a start exactly how close he was made you jolt with surprise,
which you quickly tried to cover with a spluttering cough.

Mando withdrew as you regained yourself, coming to stand at the opening of the small bunk.

"I can't take you to my contact on Sorgan." He spoke, voice even but contemplative. "It's too
far, and we don't have enough fuel. Tatooine is out of the question too, there's probably still
hunters sniffing for my trail over there." He paused, and you could tell he was reviewing the
local star map in his head.

"It's not ideal, but the closest planet is probably Hypori. We'll have to be careful, it's a hotspot
for mercenaries, but I don't want to take the chance of traveling any further."

Hypori it is. You silently supplied, offering a small nod instead.

Mando made as if to leave towards the cockpit but paused.

"Can you...hang on until then?" He asked, unease tinting his words. Again, his concern took
you by surprise.

"No." Your mind supplied in response to his query. Instead you tried your best to focus on
him, ignoring the searing heat boiling under your skin. Grimacing, you tried to project
determination past the horror that sat low in your stomach.

"Yes." You answered at last, relieved to find that your voice didn't waver.

Mando nodded once in affirmation, making towards the ladder. You could hear him mutter
something, and then suddenly reappear with the child. Wordlessly, the hunter sat him down
on the far edge of the cot, giving you one final glance before ascending towards the cockpit.

You listened to his quick footsteps as he slid into his seat and began to man the controls. The
ship hummed to life around you, engines flaring as Mando piloted the Razorcrest in the
direction of Hypori.

Turning your attention to the infant, who waddled with baby steps towards you, you tried to
offer a reassuring smile. The child blubbered frantically at you, reaching towards you with
outstretched arms. His gigantic brown eyes projected panic up at you, and as you focused
your vision, you could see tears threatening at the corners of his eyes.

"Hey, hey." You tried to comfort him. You were relieved to find that your throat wasn't as
chaffed after taking the water Mando had offered you. "Don't you worry, little one. It'll be
fine. You'll see." Yet as you spoke your words seemed to be aimed more at yourself than at
the distressed infant. Even so, you opened your arms so that the child could clumsily hoist
himself into your lap.

Again, he babbled at you. You wished you could understand his baby-chatter. The child
spoke so earnestly at you, as if he wasn't simply cooing. It seemed like he genuinely believed
you could understand him. In a way it made your heart ache.



As if to confirm this thought, the child whined in frustration. He seemed to give up on
speaking directly, and instead you felt your head spin with the constant repetition of your
name. You shook your head, trying to clear the noise, but the sound echoed relentlessly in a
deafening reverberation.

It was so loud, and soon the sound began to morph, turning into a different voice. You knew
this one, it was the one that had chased you across your dreams and into nightmares. It called
to you shrilly, desperately hounding for your attention. Your skin seemed to burn hotter at the
touch, summoning images of a hellish chaos around you.

"Stop." You hoarsed, feeling your head throb painfully. "Please."

The pain began to subside, the dissonance between your ears slowly dying. As it did you
realized you were nearly gasping, chest heaving desperately for air on instinct. Cautiously,
you opened your eyes, not realizing that you had closed them. Your gaze focused on the
green infant before you, face contorted miserably. The child hiccupped, the cry jolting his
small body. Your chest ached at the sound. You tried to hush him, but as you did the child
began to cry in true fashion. Hot round tears spilled from his eyes as he sobbed, wetting the
little garment he wore.

Reaching with heavy arms, you took the child and cradled him against your chest with a sigh.
You had never seen the child fuss so loudly before, and in a way it disquieted you. His usual
playful and curious nature didn't seem to reconcile with the crying infant in your arms.

"Why all the fuss?" You asked quietly, tilting your head to stare into his little face. "I told you
I was going to be okay. Do you think I lied to you?"

The child sniffled, sobs subsiding as you gazed at him. You offered him a pained, tired smile.

"There that's better." You consoled. The child hiccupped again, but it was only a remnant of
his brief weeping fit. Still spluttering slightly, he reached out his hands once more so that he
could press his small hands against your face. Unintentionally, you relaxed.

There was something about this child that you didn't understand. His eyes were too wise for
his age, actions betraying a sort of secret knowledge that he had. Yet at the same time he was
truly a child, wanting constantly to play, talk, and to be held.

How did he know your name?

You blinked, and for a moment the all-consuming blaze blistering across your insides faded.
That same sense of gravity pulled at you again, colors fading and saturating the small figure
before you. Your words, harsh against the scrape of your throat, creaking with pain filled the
otherwise quiet space.

"Who...are you?"

- o - o - o - o - o -



When the Razorcrest finally touched down, you couldn't help but sigh loudly with relief. The
ship began to power down around you, the constant tremble of the engines fading into a low
thrum. You could feel the gravity around you change, the sense of artificial heaviness settling
into a terrestrial tether. The child had begun to doze in your arms, but as the ship settled he
roused himself, gazing around curiously.

The pain injector you had taken earlier had done a fair bit to quell the tightness of your lungs
and unconquerable fever that had previously enveloped you. Yet as the Razorcrest slowly
became quiet you could feel that now familiar heat burn again inside you. You tried to
breathe through it, but as you did your chest seized and you wheezed with your next inhale.
The noise filled the emptiness of the otherwise still ship.

It was strange to be reminded how quiet the Razorcrest was when it wasn't in flight or opened
to the outside. The air inside was still, suspended as if waiting to greet the outside or be taken
upwards into the atmosphere. The sound of shuffling upstairs broke the spell. You listened as
Mando made his way out of the cockpit, tracing his steps as he descended into the cargo hold.
There was a dull thud as he secured the latch to the upper level. Soon he appeared in front of
the bunk, armored form blocking your view of the cargo hold.

"Stay. Put." He spoke on no uncertain terms. You raised your eyebrows at his stern tone but
nodded in reply.

"I'm going to get a medic, but under no circumstances are you to leave this ship.
Understand?" As if to emphasize the matter he pointed downwards, finger jabbing towards
the floor.

You couldn't help but roll your eyes a bit. Where were you going to go? You had no credits,
no means of transport, plus you were unable to climb up the ladder, much less wander off.
Plus, even if you could get to the cockpit, it wasn't as if you knew how to fly. Why would
you, when you needed to get medical attention anyways? You huffed in exasperation. This
didn't seem to appease the Mandalorian, who continued to level a hard stare at you.

"Stay put." You echoed at last, to which he nodded. Turning, he began to stride towards the
loading ramp off on the side of the ship.

"Wait!" You called and winced at the returning rawness of your throat. "Aren't you taking the
kid with you?"

Mando paused. You could see him considering, weighing his options. You could tell he was
hesitant, unwilling to bring the infant at the risk of someone recognizing an Imperial quarry.
At the same time, you knew that his trust with you was still on somewhat shaky terms. His
shoulders slumped an inch in resignation.

"He stays here." He returned without looking at you. Leaving no room for you to argue he
pressed down on the panel beside the door, watching as the ramp lowered down. You could
hear his broad stride echo down the walkway, and his low modulated voice speak firmly to
someone outside.

Then, he was gone.



You held your breath for five, then ten seconds before letting out a heavy sigh which rattled
your lungs. Tilting your head backwards so it leaned on the bulkhead, you tried to focus on
anything other than the simmering sensation in your veins. Silently, you hoped that Mando
wouldn't break his word and leave you to slowly succumb to the blazing fever which had
begun to crawl back into your body. You didn't think he was that type of person, but you also
couldn't negate that in some ways it would be easier for him. It would be one less Imp bounty
to lug around with him, after all.

The minutes ticked by, each passing heartbeat the length of a solar rotation. You could feel
the hot, sick feeling of fever begin to wash over you once more. The pain flared at your
ankle, drawing lines of hot white fire across your leg and up towards the rest of your body.
The burn was enough to make you gasp, but even then your chest seized with the effort to
breath. It was as if the Trandoshan who poisoned you held you by your ribs, trying to squeeze
the air from your lungs. The only thing that stood between you and your brain automatically
shutting down from the pain of the venom was the small amount of painkiller left in your
system. Even then the medication did nothing to subtract from the hurt your constricted chest
and raw, flaky esophagus.

You didn't know how long it had been as you tried to control the feeling of your muscles
beginning to lock, of the heat making sweat bead across your skin. For all you knew Mando
had left not minutes, but hours past. Perhaps even a day.

A fresh wave of pain swept across you, and the sudden flare of heat made you stifle a small
groan. The noise made your mouth go dry.

"Water." Your mind supplied in response to your cracked throat. Eyes still closed you
fumbled for the canister Mando had given you, hand spread over the bunk in search of it.
When you came up empty-handed you opened your eyes.

Only to find that the child had vanished.

For a moment you were grateful at the relief the wash of cold fear afforded you. You hadn't
even noticed he had left your lap, so occupied were you with the fever encasing you. Staring
past the bunk you could see the child tottering about the hold, little legs wobbling as he
explored beyond the confines of the bunk.

"Dank ferrick." You muttered hoarsely, willing yourself to get up and pursue the child. Your
body was heavy, sluggish. Even so there remained enough of the painkiller in your system to
haul yourself forward and out of the bunk.

"Hey, come back." You muttered after the child. With one hand you held onto the side of the
ship, smooth metal sliding under your dampened grip. "Seriously."

The infant turned his brown gaze to you with a small murmur, which to your ears sounded
like a small 'patu'. Still, he wandered past the open door and farther towards the back of the
ship. with your other hand you gripped the bridge of your nose between your eyes, trying to
quell an incoming headache.



Carefully, you managed to stumble forwards. While you were up you might as well see if you
could find another pain-killer injector, or maybe some food for the kid. Yet the ship felt
unsteady beneath your feet, swaying around you in a fever induced haze. Where the hell was
Mando?

As if to answer your question, you could hear someone outside the ship. Your shoulders
drooped in relief at the familiar presence of the hunter. Yet as he began to climb the ramp
with heavy, confident footsteps you felt your relief being sucked away like the vacuum of
space. Instead of a tall, armored silhouette appearing in the doorway of the ship you were
greeted by the sight of a broad, hostile figure sneering down at you. His lilting, deep voice
resounded in your ears and deafened any other thought you could summon.

"Well well, what have we here?"

Chapter End Notes

//Deep breath

So.

I was originally going to post this tomorrow morning. However, after the events of today
I decided to post it tonight instead. Some of you may know I'm a US citizen. I don't
want to wax too political on here but what happened today in Washington D.C., my
home city, shook me to the core. I've spent most of the day watching the news and
feeling genuinely upset at what has happened.

The thing I decided to do at the end of the day was do something that would make me
happy, and would share some happiness with others. And that was finishing and
uploading this chapter.

I don't really remember what I was going to post in the author's notes here. I think I
originally meant to say something about how my head canon is that Trandoshan toxins
are based off the pain found in a gila monster bite. And that I'm sorry for the cliff
hanger, and that this was a very long chapter. It doesn't matter much now.

I....hope all of you have a good evening/morning/afternoon. I hope you sleep well and
eat a good meal, and do something kind for someone.

See you soon.



Chapter 7: Part Seven: The Intruder
Chapter Summary

"Let me GO!!" You shrieked shrilly.

Instead of relenting, however, your attacker dragged you backwards away from the wall.
Before you could twist out of his grip a boot connected with the back of your legs. Weak
as they were, you tumbled to the floor with a cry. For a moment you were eye-level with
the child's terrified brown gaze.

”Hide.” You mouthed to him, but the child remained frozen with fear.

"Maybe I'll wait until the Mando gets here." The pirate's voice told you, a knee pressed
in between your shoulders. "Then I'll make him watch as I kill you both."

Chapter Notes

Tw ahead for explicit descriptions of violence (entire chapter)

Tw ahead for language alluding to sexual assault (Specific paragraphs marked with (*))

Mando'a translations in notes

See the end of the chapter for more notes

"Well well, what have we here?"

All possible relief at Mando's return evaporated in an instant, leaving a dark cold vacuum of
anxiety in your stomach. You didn't know this voice, and even if you did, you would have
shivered at the menace that lilted his tone. Muscles tensed, shaking with fever, you turned to
the open cargo hatch to face the unfamiliar figure standing in the threshold.

A male Nikto. You could tell from his distinctive head spikes and tough, scaled skin. His
head was wrapped with a cloth, grease stains clear on his clothes. Golden eyes stared at you,
framed by scaly brown cheeks. He raked his gaze over you with a sneer, taking in your fever
induced posture and rapidly paling complexion.

"Mando's got a little ship-maid, huh?" He chortled, one arm reaching up to lean casually
against the hatch-frame.

You felt your face flush past the heat of the venom in your system at his comment. Yet you
managed to ignore it, eyes subtly shifting to the far end of the Razorcrest's cargo hold. You



could see past the intruder to where a small head and tell-tale green ears peeked out from
behind a crate.

"Stay." You thought hard at the child, only wishing he could hear you. As if sensing the
message, he quickly vanished behind the crate without so much as a whisper.

"Oi."

Your gaze snapped back to the intruder, face falling into a grimace. He snickered at you,
giving your tautly coiled form a once over that made your skin crawl indignantly. Silently
you noted the blaster pistol strapped to his leg. Your eyes met his as you spoke.

"You have the wrong ship." You told him flatly, trying to ignore the bite of rawness in your
throat. "Leave."

He let out a bark of laughter instead.

"You're telling me to leave my own hangar?" He bit back. "You've got some nerve."

Your shoulders drew tightly at his words. Even if it was his hangar, you had to get him off the
ship and away from the child. If he somehow recognized the kid then it wouldn’t be a matter
of talking him away from the Razorcrest. You didn't know if Hypori still had an Imperial
Remnant on it, but you weren't about to take the chance either.

You had left your blaster in your bunk upstairs and had forgotten to remind Mando before he
left. Normally you might have been able to wrest him away from the hatch and close the
ramp, but with the fever boiling under your skin and making your limbs sluggish and heavy,
that wasn't an option. The weapons cabinet was behind you, maybe if you could distract him
long enough-

(*)"So." His words interrupted your thoughts. "What's the deal you and Mando got going on,
hmm? You his servant? Maybe a slave he bought? A bed warmer?"

The insinuation made your skin crawl, and you felt your hackles rise automatically.

"I'm his mechanic." You all but spat back, to which he answered with a low whistle.

"A ‘mechanic’? Ever consider working for someone else?" His words were fluid, easy. His
voice had a slight lilting accent, snapping certain syllables short in his mouth. The low hum
suggestive hum of his words and his self-entitlement to Mando's ship made you keep your
gaze pinned on him. You stared at him, hard, afraid of what he might do should you avert
your eyes for even a moment.

"You should clear out of here." You replied on no uncertain terms. You tried to straighten, to
stand up and project confidence, but the ship wobbled around you in a heat induced haze.

He tutted at you. "Now, now, that's not nice. After all, I came over to ask you to join me for a
drink. You look like you could use it."

"No thanks." You didn't try to hide the disgust in your voice.



"That's too bad." He smirked, and the hand that wasn't braced on the door slid silently over to
his blaster. "I insist."

The silent threat made your heart stutter in your chest. Your eyes flicked down to his blaster
and back up to his face.

"I'm not supposed to leave the ship." Was all you managed, voice cracking.

The intruder made a small, mocking pout at you. "Aw, you scared of Mando? He doesn't gotta
know. In fact-" He turned sharply, body twisting so he could look out into the hangar. One
hand came to his lips, singing out a sharp whistle that echoed in the otherwise empty space. It
took a moment, but soon there were three answering whistles in quick succession. You felt
your stomach drop all the way past the floor. He wasn't alone.

He turned back to you with a casual shrug, but you could see the confidence in the way he
held himself.

"See, my buddies and I got this thing going on." He explained. "We highjack incoming
transmissions from the tower, manage to flag down incoming ships and direct them to our
little hangar over here. For some strange reason, the pilots leave and never come back. The
ships they leave behind make quite a tidy little profit."

Genuine terror now began to draw darkly against your thoughts. Mando. They were going to
ambush Mando, and you had no way to warn him.

(*)"It's only a matter of time before your friend returns." The pirate spoke, taking in your
aghast expression. "Might as well have some fun while we wait, hmm?"

With that he lowered his arm from the doorway and began to advance on you.

Automatically you took a step back, shoulder bumping the wall. The fever had robbed you of
your balance, and as you backed away you could feel yourself tripping over your feet. You
had to warn Mando, had to protect the kid and yourself. If you could open the weapons
locker-

Yet as you turned, hand fumbling for the panel, your shoulder was seized in a bruising grip.

"Let go of me!' You hissed, wheeling and shoving away the invader. Yet your arms were
heavy, devoid of your regular strength. Trying to push him came across as less of a shove and
more of a half-attempted swat. He laughed at you, backing off for a moment.

He was playing with you, and the fact alone made you want to scream with anger. You
pushed it down, turning again and stumbling towards the panel. It felt like a nightmare, your
attacker nearing ever closer to you, and the button to safety growing farther and farther away
even as you rushed towards it. Your arms and legs moved as if they were underwater, failing
to reach forward and grasp the panel.

Your chest heaved with the effort to breathe, chest tight with poison and fear. The shiver in
your limbs had grown to an all-out spasm. With every attempt at wresting off your assailant



you could feel your head throb, your heartbeat loud enough to block out any other sound.
Still, you pushed yourself forward, fingers brushing the panel before being wrested away.

You turned just as your opponent caught you, managing to throw out an arm wildly at him. It
connected sloppily with his face, hand shoving his jaw and disorienting him. In the moment
he tried to regain himself you used your other hand to push him again, and with your strength
you managed to shove him backwards a few paces. He paused for a moment, considering you
before advancing again. This time he didn't hesitate, reaching forward and grabbing your
wrist in a vice-like grip.

He spun you, quickly turning you so that he grabbed both of your hands behind you. You felt
your throat close, a sick, taut terror bubbling upwards in your chest. He was going to kill you.
He was going to play with you like a cat with its prey before ending you. Even with all your
strength you weren't able to shake him. The thought alone opened up an endless pit of pitch-
black horror in your stomach.

Without warning you were shoved forwards, feet tripping as he pressed your face into the
cold side of the ship's hull. The cool surface was a relief to your flushed skin, but the position
made you let lose a cry of fear and fury.

(*)"I bet Mando likes you like this." The invader whispered in your ear, his own breath hot
and heavy against your skin. You flinched away from the words, scrunching your eyes closed
as if you could block him out. Instead his hands grasped your wrists tighter, even as you
squirmed to free yourself. "He probably likes it when you fight. Makes it exciting that way."

Dread washed over you as he spoke, the underlying insinuation clear. You bucked against
him futilely, trying to fling his pressing weight off of you. Again, he only laughed.

However, before he could speak more, a volley of distant blaster fire resounded outside. You
paled, the flush of fever draining from your face.

(*)"Looks like we won't have as much time together as we thought." Your assailant grunted
into your ear. You could feel him reach for his blaster, hand sliding away towards his holster-

A small cry interrupted him

Simultaneously, you both turned, heads snapping towards the source of the sound. A tiny
green figure stood beyond the hatch, farther into the ship. His form was half shadowed by the
light spilling in through the entrance. The child's soft brown gaze was morphed into a
genuine look of terror as he watched your figure shoved up against the wall. He whined,
hands reaching forward to you in a silent beckoning. Your previous panic was nothing
compared to the horror that ran frigid through your veins at the sight.

"NO!" You screamed wildly, eyes watering with the raw scrape of your throat and burn in
your lungs. "Get back!"

"Shut up!" The Nikto hissed in your ear, shoving your face harder against the metal surface.
You grunted, again trying to shake him. His grip remained steady. You didn't stop, yelling and
kicking in an effort to dislodge yourself.



"Let me GO!!" You shrieked shrilly.

Instead of relenting, however, your attacker dragged you backwards away from the wall.
Before you could twist out of his grip a boot connected with the back of your legs. Weak as
they were, you tumbled to the floor with a cry. For a moment you were eye-level with the
child's terrified brown gaze.

”Hide.” You mouthed to him, but the child remained frozen with fear.

"Maybe I'll wait until the Mando gets here." The pirate's voice told you, a knee pressed in
between your shoulders. "Then I'll make him watch as I kill you both."

The threat should have made you limp with fear. Instead your eyes widened, and you could
feel air rush into your lungs. You felt a new raw determination rise in your chest. The all-
consuming blaze of Trandoshan venom hardly compared to the fire his words lit inside you.
Your limbs seemed to lighten, bolstered by a white electricity that coursed through your
veins. Your vision snapped into focus, fed by an unabating fury. With a roar you pushed
upwards, throwing your attacker off balance, and giving you time to flip over and face him.

With your newfound strength you swayed to your feet, eyes blazing in a fear-induced frenzy.
The mercenary seemed amused by this, if not somewhat surprised at you being able to throw
him. He opened his mouth to let forth a derogatory remark, but before he could you launched
yourself at him.

You didn't pretend to have any experience in hand to hand combat, but threw yourself
viciously at the intruder, nonetheless. With a yell you reached forward, grasping his head, and
bringing it down on your knee in the way you saw Mando do at the waystation. The man’s
nose cracked against your kneecap with a satisfying SNAP!.

He roared in pain, launching himself backwards and stumbling away from you. A single hand
reached for his blaster.

With a yell you flung yourself at the pirate, leaning low and colliding with his torso. You both
went tumbling to the floor once more, his form under you. In his surprised state you managed
to get one hand on his holster, fist wrapping around the blaster. The barrel pointed away from
you, towards the wall. Before you could hoist the blaster into your hands his own grasp
descended beside yours, trying to wrestle for control of the weapon.

Your other hand came to his face, shoving into his neck and up under his jaw. The motion
confused him, allowing you to squeeze off a shot that ricocheted off the metal paneling. The
sound echoed out into the hangar, reverberating against the walls. Outside you could hear the
tell-tale sounds of conflict. A rapid exchange of blaster fire, a scream, and the low rush of
flames from a bracer created a din of chaos in the previously silent hangar. You paid it no
attention, focusing instead on trying to keep your attacker from pulling his blaster out of your
grip.

A hand reached up, shoving at your face now. You managed to mostly avoid it, but the
pirate’s nails caught the side of your face, drawing blood. A cry of pain tore from your throat,
but you didn't loosen your grip. Instead you reached with your free hand, fingers digging into



the soft flesh of your opponent's eyes. A warm wetness gushed forth as you dug your thumb
in. His sharp scream of pain made him loosen his hold on the blaster which you snatched
from his grip and proceeded to scramble backwards.

You sat now on the floor, legs askew in your effort to get away. If you heart hammered any
louder you were sure it would beat out of your chest. A familiar shake had begun to settle in
your arms again. Despite it you clicked off the safety to the weapon and held it aloft towards
the intruder.

He had managed to stand now, one hand clutching his eye. With his remaining gaze he stared
down at you, fury no match for the anger in his eyes.

You fired reflexively when he took a step, but the bolt whizzed past him. It landed above
Mando's bunk, colliding with the metal frame, and letting forth a shower of sparks. Panic
flared inside you, hands shaking as you tried to concentrate. As you did, a familiar modulated
voice floated through your mind.

"Remember to keep the front and the back of the gun level, otherwise you risk aiming too
high or low."

He was mere steps from you now, his free hand now reaching forward down towards you. Yet
an odd serenity cleared your mind, and the tremble in your hands stilled. That strange gravity
that saturated your attacker's form and siphoned color from around him drew your focus. A
single, rattling breath filled your lungs, and you could see in almost slow motion as you
aligned your sights-

And fired.

You only saw a bright flash from the laser bolt before it landed square in his chest. The sound
reverberated endlessly in your head, stilling your chaotic mind in a sudden bout of clarity. For
a second you thought for sure you had missed, as your target didn't move, didn't breathe. His
remaining eye looked down at you, wide and horrified.

Then, as if someone had cut chords from a marionette, he dropped.

The smoke from his fatal wound wafted upwards towards the ceiling in a single rivulet of
steam. The intruder's collapsed, lifeless form lay mere feet from you, hand outstretched and
mere inches away from grasping your foot. The blood from both your wounds smeared
across the floor, tinting the metal panels red. The blaster in your hands was warm under your
clammy grip.

You heaved in an inhale, and the stifled air chilled your lungs. The hot flush of fever on your
skin was dulled by the cold wash of shock. Your hair stuck to your face, beaded by sweat.
Eyes wild, you looked past the blaster in your hands. You stared at the corpse, heartbeat
stuttering wildly. Yet he didn't move. Your aim was true.

Behind you came a small tearful whine. You twisted, the motion alone causing your vision to
spin. The child teetered towards you, hands outstretched. Despite your bruised and bloodied



state you quickly welcomed him into your arms, feeling the way his small form curled
against you.

“It’s alright.” You whispered, both to him and yourself. “You’re safe. You’re safe now.” You
inhaled deeply, the scent of the child and the wreckage around you bitter in your mouth.

You had only a moment to let the air whoosh out of your lungs before the sound of a nearby
explosion ripped you from your thoughts.

Mando.

You set the child down again despite his now hiccupping cries. He reached for you, but you
scooted away. The resulting sob nearly made your heart cave in.

“I have to help your dad.” You told him, trying to bend down to his level. “Please. Be a good
boy and stay right here. I will be back. I promise.”

Using the last of your strength, you hauled yourself to a stand. You tried to ignore the
blistering fire in your veins, the wave of nausea that crawled up your throat. You stumbled
out past the entrance, raising a hand to block out the bright sunlight. The sounds of blaster
fire and chaos had drawn closer, and you tried to make your way toward them. Mando, you
thought feverishly. You had to help Mando.

Yet the venom had taken its hold on you. The bright sunlight and spinning world around you
soon robbed you of your balance. You collapsed on the ramp, body thudding uncomfortably
on the metal. Reflexively, you hand tightened around the metal grasp of the blaster you had
stolen.

You craned your head, trying to look across the hangar. You could see two, no three blurry
figures backing up towards you, facing towards a figure whose armor glinted in the sunlight.
The ambushers didn't notice you, backs turned. Trying to focus your vision, you watched as
they raised blasters towards the hunter. He paid them no attention, stopping mid-stride when
his gaze rested on your collapsed figure atop the ramp.

You swore your eyes met.

Something changed. If Mando had seemed intimidating when he was stalking forward before,
his new stance spoke of nothing less than pure and utter violence.

"Hut'unn." Mando spat, voice a snarl. "Ne shab'rud'niÖ."

The words made you shiver despite knowing they weren't intended for you. Mando
sometimes muttered to himself in that language, likely Mando ‘a. Even then it was nothing
compared to the curses he barked at the pirates that stood in between him and you. That alone
was enough to intimidate them, and suddenly a blaster bolt rushed forth and dinged off
Mando's beskar. He barely flinched.

Then, all hell broke loose.



Through your swimming vision, you could see Mando's bracer explode with a blast of fire.
The sound roared through your ears. In a split second he had closed the gap between him and
one of the attackers, hand wrapped around the man's throat. How did he move so fast?

Your head rang with the chaos that ensued. Blasters fired, someone screamed, and you could
feel the ground under you shake a body flew and impacted the side of the ship. You
scrunched your eyes shut, trying to block it out. It was no use. The violent cacophony pierced
your eardrums and reverberated inside your thoughts. You were afraid to open your eyes to
see the pure carnage Mando was dealing. You had never seen him so furious, even counting
his original discovery of you on his ship. The pure bloodlust in his attacks made you shiver
and try to curl in on yourself.

It was endless. There were only three attackers, but the way Mando dealt with them made it
seem like it was a full imperial unit. There was no doubt that even if they had survived the
onslaught, they likely would have been better off dead from their injuries. You flinched upon
hearing a bone crack under a swift, precise strike. The person injured groaned, unable to
speak past the blood filling their mouth.

Screams of surprise had ceased, fading into desperate pleas and frantic whimpers of pain.
Even then, Mando was merciless. You almost wanted to stop him but doubted he would even
hear you above the bloodshed.

Slowly, the violence began to cease. As the blaster fire and sounds of combat faded, you
could hear Mando's heavy uneven breathing filter through his modulator. Carefully, you open
your eyes to see him standing over a body, blood soaked into his gloves. His shoulders
heaved as he tried to catch his breath.

"Mando." You croaked, and his head whipped towards you. Within seconds he was at your
side, bloodied hands reaching to turn you over.

"Osi'kyr." He breathed.

You rolled over, blinking against the brightness. A familiar helmet came into view, hovering
over you.

"What...took you so long?" You asked, chest rattling.

"What happened?" He didn’t bother to reply at your attempt of humor, words clipped with
concern.

You shook, overwhelmed by the fever, corpse just inside the Razorcrest, and carnage you had
just witnessed.

"Intruder." You gasped. "S-shot him..."

Mando's hold on you tightened. You could feel the rage roll off of him in waves.

"Shouldn't have left you alone." He growled, and you could hear the tremor in his voice. You
didn't reply, eyes swimming with a haze of shapes and colors.



"The kid?" He asked, shaking you slightly by the shoulders. You stifled a groan at the motion.

"Safe." You replied. "Inside."

Mando's sigh of relief would have tickled your skin without his helmet in the way. You could
sense him pause, trying to collect himself.

"Cowards." He finally spat. "There's no honor in attacking someone injured, in attacking a
child." You could feel his arms tremble at they held you.

This anger was unfamiliar to you. You had seen a glimpse of it when you had first met, but
even that was nothing compared to the simmering rage that still held him. You tried to tell
yourself that it was just him fearful for the child, afraid of his ship being stolen, and offended
at the cruelty of someone trying to assault you while you were poisoned. Yet his earlier
concern at your illness, his sudden onslaught of bloodlust spoke otherwise.

You opened your mouth to question him, ignoring your dry mouth and chapped lips. Before
you could a searing pain washed over you once more.

"The medic?" You hoarsed, voice small.

"On her way."

You closed your eyes, relief washing over you. It was only a matter of time then. Thank the
force.

Despite the poison overtaking your system you felt like you could finally breathe. It was over.
You had survived the intruder, kept the child safe, and Mando had finally returned. Even if the
medic wasn't here just yet, you felt like you could finally rest. The thought alone made your
eyes slowly flutter closed.

"Hey." Mando shook you. You whined, trying to block him out. "Hey!"

You couldn't respond. You were so tired. Everything hurt, and the pain drew heavy over your
consciousness like a black veil. Safe now, in his grasp, you couldn't fight the heavy-handed
temptation of sleep. Even if you wanted to fight it, you couldn't. Your mind was past what it
could handle and began to block out everything except the low thrum of your heart and the
deep rattle in your lungs.

With the last of your wakefulness you summoned your voice.

"Please…don’t leave again.”

Chapter End Notes

Mando'a Translations:



Hut'unn - Coward. A very strong insult.

Ne shab'rud'niÖ - A threat, directly translates to 'Do not mess with me'. Usually
followed by violence.

Osi'kyr - Strong exclamation of surprise or dismay.

----

Lord.

Did this chapter get away from me a little? Yes. Do I regret it? Mmmm prolly not. Was
it hard to churn out? Oh for sure. Is reader a total badass now? Well we're getting there.

Forgot to mention this last time but huge thanks to Ao3 user smellmeeve for helping me
with chapter details. If you see her in the comments please give her a shoutout!

There's one more chapter before we move onto the next arc. I'm really excited to show
you guys where it goes.

Until then.

Follow me on tumblr at Sprout-Fics!

EDIT:

Uhhh so I just looked at the stats on this baby and uh apparently its my most popular
work ever? Like holy shit???So thank you every one who has given kudos, commented,
bookmarked, or even just read this puppy. I'm completely blown away. Dang.



Chapter 8: Part Eight: Survivor
Chapter Summary

His breathing had changed, you could see how he held it tightly in his chest. He
normally never let you get this close to him, almost afraid of being touched. Even if it
was just a brush on the back as you scooted past him in the cargo hold. Yet now, as he
stood over you, head tilted so that he could look down, he stilled. He didn't move away,
didn't sit, or turn so that there was more space between you. The feeling of his arms
around you, holding you up as you fell, cradling you after you collapsed, appeared in
your thoughts unbeckoned.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The first thing you noticed as wakefulness tugged at your brain was the steady, low hum of
machinery. At first you thought it was your dreams shifting into reality, blending with your
thoughts of being aboard the Razorcrest with its constant murmur of the engines and low
beeping signals from the cockpit. However, as the sleep began to fade from your thoughts
you began to realize that you were no longer aboard the ship.

The room was dim, thankfully. A lingering headache pulsed against your temples, and you
were sure any brighter light would cause the throb to worsen. The second thing you noticed
was the soft surface against your back. Definitely not your makeshift cot on the Razorcrest
then. Then there was the smell. It was clean, clinical, smelling nothing like the musty, dirt
covered inside of Mando's spacecraft. Which only left one question.

Where were you?

Your eyes adjusted slowly, but as they did you were relieved to find that your vision was
clear. No dancing shapes or colors swam before your eyes. In fact, the pulsating heat under
your skin had relinquished. Instead a dull, heavy ache lay over your limbs, as if you had spent
too much time lifting crates and running over rooftops. Your throat was dry, but it was likely
you were only dehydrated and not suffering from a lack of air.

Slowly, you sat up, using your arms to brace yourself as you looked around.

A medical room. You lay on a comfortable cot in the corner, facing a door. A nurse's station
sat at the foot of the bed, with a screen and cabinet full of supplies. The room was dim with
blue light, an air filter humming somewhere above you. You weren't given any blankets, but
the room was warm enough not to need them. Various panels and screens lit the walls beside
you. Opposite your side of the room was a different door, likely to a fresher, and a simple
bench.



And in that bench sat a cross-armed, softly sleeping Mando. Beside him, a floating pram with
the shield closed.

You blinked automatically, shocked to find the hunter there. You had assumed he would be
back at his ship, given it was under attack recently. Instead he sat atop the bench, legs and
arms crossed, head tilting downward as he dozed.

He still had all his armor on, including his helmet. You weren't surprised to see he didn't take
it off when he slept.

That didn't explain why he was here. He could have just dropped you here, given you to a
nurse and skipped planet, taking the kid with him. It would have been easy for him, and
certainly would have saved him some trouble.

Yet the way he had raced towards you after the ambush, his hands shaking in anger as he held
you spoke of something else. You told yourself it was only the decent thing to do, the same
way he had tossed you a medpac after dropping you off at the waystation. Even that didn't
explain the fury in his voice, the fear as he tried to keep you awake. In that moment you
would have given anything to see past the visor, to see his expression and understand what he
was thinking. Even now, as his shoulders lifted with slow, even breaths, you wished you
could see his face.

You didn't want to wake him. In all the time you had known him you hadn't see him sleep and
wanted to give him as much time to rest as possible. You did, however, really need to use the
fresher. So carefully, without trying to make so much as a sound, you swung your legs over
the cot and placed your now bare feet against the cool floor.

It was in this motion that you realized someone had traded your clothes and work-overalls
from before with a soft hospital gown. The thought made you blush, the idea of Mando
seeing you like this making you feel exposed. As you scanned the room you saw a small
neatly pile of clothes beside Mando, a tell-tale grease stain revealing them to be yours. As
you stood, creeping quietly forward to reach for them, Mando roused.

Instantly your outstretched hand was caught in his grip. You didn't have so much time as to
gasp before Mando was standing over you, holding your hand aloft. His other hand instantly
grasped your elbow, pinning it to your side. His T-shaped visor stared down at you, stance
taut in readiness. You could see the moment where his mind caught up to his body, and his
shoulders eased with relief. Still, he didn't move, didn't release his hold on you.

"You're awake." Came his voice through the modulator, still deep with slumber.

You couldn't reply, heart still stammering at just how quickly he sprung on you. You made a
mental note to not try and sneak up on him again, less you land with a vibro-blade to your
neck next time. It took a moment for air to reach your lungs again, for your brain to process.
Even then, you struggled for words.

"I-I am." You returned, hearing the own surprise in your voice.



It seemed this was what alerted Mando, for he released you at once, hands dropping back to
his sides. Even then he didn't move away from you, still standing a breath away. His head
tilted downwards to observe you from his taller height. He didn't speak, barely moved, and
you could tell he was thinking hard on something. Still, he remained silent leaving it up to
you to finally speak.

"How long was I out?" You asked, and the room felt warmer under his prolonged stare.

Mando considered this, and after a moment supplied. "Depending on what time it is, 28
hours."

You blinked a few times, trying to process the pure amount of time you had slept. You didn't
think you had slept so long at one time for your entire life. It made sense, you were well past
exhausted when you had passed out. Sleep had come so quickly you had forgotten to worry
about the possibility of never waking up again.

"Oh." Your voice came, sounding small against the silence that followed. The room was still,
the hum of the air filter above you barely registering against your ears. You had so many
questions. Where were you? How did you get here? Where was the Razorcrest? Were you
three safe? Before you could ask, Mando supplied a question of his own.

"Why didn't you run?"

You looked up at him, eyebrows raised. His question had caught you off guard, making your
thoughts tumble in disarray.

"Run?" You echoed, unsure.

Mando gave a single, slow nod. "I saw the body of the man you shot." He spoke, and his
voice was low, almost accusatory. You shivered at the memory of the Nikto’s face, eyes wide
with horror as he fell. "You managed to get a blaster away from him despite your condition.
You could have just run, abandoned the kid and gotten away. Why didn't you?"

The thought had never occurred to you. At the time you had been so overcome by the venom
in your system you didn't even consider that as an option. Even then, where would you go? A
foreign planet with no contacts, no credits, nothing. Besides, you never would have just left
the child alone, by himself in danger. The bond between you two wasn't that easily broken.
Despite knowing each other for such little time, it felt as if you two had met somewhere long
before. Almost like reuniting.

You could have answered with any of this, but what you said instead was:

"You told me to stay put."

Mando was still. He didn't reply, didn't move, barely breathed as he weighed your answer.
You were afraid he wouldn't take it at face value, would consider it a facade, a bluff.
However, it was the truth. You yourself had been unsure at the time that he would return and
risked your life if he hadn't. Yet he did, and you had likewise fulfilled your own promise.



"Why didn't you?" You blurted out, forgetting to weigh your words, and letting them spill out
the second they entered your head. Mando paused, then tilted his head at you as if silently
asking you to elaborate. You fumbled, trying to explain.

"You could have left me. You could have just dropped me on the steps here and walked away,
could have been out of the sector by the time I woke up. Yet you didn't." You looked up at
him, trying to see past the blackness of his visor to his eyes. "Why?"

"We made an agreement." He replied, and the tone of his voice changed. Suddenly he was
Mando the hunter again, not the man who had gently held on to you for just a moment too
long. "If you protect the kid and watch the ship, then I will try to keep you alive and away
from the Empire."

That answer didn't satisfy you, though. He had been able to read you from the start, and with
time you were learning how too. It was in the way he had responded so quickly, lines almost
practiced. There was something else.

"And?"

"And?" He returned, and you noticed the barely imperceptible rotation of his hands so the
palms brushed against his thighs. He wasn't lying, but he wasn't sharing everything either.
You needed to know. Maybe then you could begin to answer the long lingering doubts about
just how far your relationship with the hunter ran.

You considered him, gaze weighing silently on him as your mind worked. It was a strange
switch in your dynamic, with him the subject of your own scrutiny instead of the other way
around.

"I told you my truth, Mando." You spoke, and your voice was nearly a whisper. It remained
steady, earnest. It was the tone you had confessed your past to him in, had given him an offer
of aid, the one that let him know you wouldn't lie.

Mando didn't move, but the space between you seemed to shrink all the same.

"Because you asked me not to."

Ah. So, there it was. The same answer to each question from two wildly different people. It
revealed a level of trust that you hadn't even realized was there. Somehow, within the days
and hours you had known each other, the orbits you had created had adjusted to
accommodate the other. The previous, unspoken barrier that had stood between you two
gently fell away in the silence of the quiet Hypori medical room.

"Thank you." You spoke, voice quiet, afraid to disturb the energy that had settled around you.
"For not leaving."

He nodded, and you wished he could speak again so you could hear his voice. You wanted to
hear the difference, hear how his tone had changed after this small revelation of yours. He
seemed closer now, not only in proximity. For the first time he was no longer the bounty
hunter that would toss you to the Imperials given the chance, who would turn you in for a



bounty. You knew now that this wasn't a man who would leave you to a grim fate, one who
would watch you burn from afar to save himself. The distant, strange machinations of the
force had begun to bind you together.

His breathing had changed, you could see how he held it tightly in his chest. He normally
never let you get this close to him, almost afraid of being touched. Even if it was just a brush
on the back as you scooted past him in the cargo hold. Yet now, as he stood over you, head
tilted so that he could look down, he stilled. He didn't move away, didn't sit, or turn so that
there was more space between you. The feeling of his arms around you, holding you up as
you fell, cradling you after you collapsed, appeared in your thoughts unbeckoned.

Somehow, for the first time, you felt like you could finally touch him.

Your hand quavered automatically, raising to reach noiselessly in between you-

When the door to the room whished open.

You two sprang apart as if under enemy fire. Instantly you scrambled back onto the bed,
Mando turning and facing fully towards the door, a single hand on his blaster. Yet it was only
a slender Rhodian nurse who eased her way past the door, eyes glued to a datapad in her
hands before looking up at you two.

"Ah! You're finally awake. Excellent." She cheerfully supplied, oblivious to the unspoken
tension in the room. "How are you feeling?"

You realized with a start both her and Mando were gazing at you expectantly. Feeling self-
conscious under the combined weight of their stares, you shifted. You hadn't had a chance to
change back into your normal clothes yet. The soft linen hospital gown and shorts didn't seem
enough to cover you from Mando's eyes. You curled your legs to you, as if doing so could
somehow shield yourself a bit.

"B-better." You supplied, heart still racing from the sudden interruption. "Much better."

"Good! You gave us all quite the fright when you three showed up. We haven't had a case of
Trandoshan poisoning in more than a year, much less one from an off-worlder." She flicked
her eyes to the datapad, scrolling briefly with a hum. "Let's see, Ms. 'Cuyan' is it?"

You raised an eyebrow, almost rejecting the name when the glint of Mando's visor caught
your eye. He gave you an almost imperceptible nod. Blinking, still not understanding but
trusting him all the same, you turned back to the nurse.

"Cuyan." You repeated, letting the word settle over your tongue. Was it his name? Or perhaps
an alias? "Y-yup, that's me."

"Right." She continued "It says here that you came in almost a full week after exposure. I'm
surprised that you were able to go on for so long." Her suction-like fingers tapped the screen
a few more times. "Most folks don't last more than a few days. You're a tough soldier to have
dealt for so long."



Your brow furrowed at this information. A full week? Actually yes, you supposed it had
been. Yet you didn't consider yourself to have a strong endurance to sickness by any means,
so how-?

"In any case." The nurse went on. "You seem to be feeling much better after we delivered a
dose of E-bacta and anti-venom. We managed to get some fluids into your system to bring
down the fever as well. I'll have to take a blood sample to ensure that there's no remnants of
venom in your system, but if that comes back clear you should be able to be discharged
within a day or two."

"A day?" You echoed, eyes nervously glancing at Mando. "Do I really have to wait that
long?"

The nurse paused, eyes darting up at you from behind her screen. "We do have to keep you
under observation to ensure no further complications arise." She explained. "It's purely
procedural, I assure you. As long as your blood results come back negative, you shouldn't
have anything to worry about."

You teethed your bottom lip worriedly. Did you really have a day? Mando had said that this
spot was along mercenary territory. If you stayed it increased the chances of you being seen.
Besides, Mando had been away from his ship for quite some time, as far as you were aware.
Who was to say it would still be there when you got back?

"That's fine." Mando's voice supplied in his typical, clipped tone for strangers.

"Great. Give me just a moment." The nurse tucked the datapad under her arm, turning
towards the cabinet and rummaging for a moment. As she did your eyes slid over to Mando,
a silent question posed in your gaze. Yet his stance remained steady, unwavering. You took
that as a reassurance.

Your eyes flitted back to the Rhodian as she approached you, holding out a hand for your
extended arm. You supplied it, and after a cool brush of antiseptic you felt the slight pinch of
a needle entering your vein. Before you could count down from ten the needle was gone
again, replaced by a small smear of bacta and a bandage. With a deft twist and click, the
sample was stored into a tube and deposited in the nurse's lab coat pocket.

"Thank you, we should have your results in within the hour. Hang tight until then, all right?"
She tossed behind her as she slipped out the door, gone as quickly as she had come.

You nodded, still trying to dismiss the small nagging anxiety in your stomach. As soon as the
door clicked behind her Mando pushed himself off the spot on the wall he'd been leaning on.
He tossed your pile of clothes to you, and you were pleased to find that they had been
washed.

"Get dressed." He told you. "We're leaving."

"Leaving?" You echoed, uncertainty tinting your voice. "B-but the nurse said-"



"You feel fine, right?" He asked, pressing down on a button atop his bracer so that the closed
pram floated towards him.

"Well, yes but-"

"Then hurry up." He cut off, and you felt a prickle of annoyance at his interruption. I don't
like being here. Besides, I managed to find somewhere for us to lay low for a bit."

You blinked in surprise, eyes following him as he made room for you to walk towards the
fresher. "Somewhere...? Where?"

Mando glanced at you, doing a double take when he realized you hadn't moved.
"Somewhere." He repeated. "I'll tell you more once we're on the ship."

Whatever strange tension had drawn between you two had since evaporated. Mando was all
business again, arms crossed impatiently at you.

"Okay, okay!" You replied, feeling his hard stare on you. "Can you at least find some pain
injectors or something? Maybe a water canister? My head is killing me."

He didn't nod, merely jerked his head towards the fresher. You rolled your eyes, feet landing
bare on the synthetic floor. Quickly, you scooted over to the fresher, keeping the bundle of
clothes tight to your chest. You turned to close the door, watching as Mando turned his back
to you, as if even facing in the direction of the bathroom would be impolite. You felt your lips
quirk in a small mischievous smile.

"No peeking." You told him, watching his shoulders jump before quickly closing the door.

- o - o - o - o - o -

By the time your blood results would have come in, you were once again in space. The dust-
colored planet of Hypori fading behind you.

You were surprised at how quickly Mando had navigated you three back to the ship. He stuck
to the backroads, the little used alleyways and by-streets that went largely ignored by those
on the main road. You had passed a few souls along the way, but a simple hard stare from the
Mandalorian at your side kept their eyes down and out of your direction. Within what seemed
like a few minutes you were near the hangar. At some point Mando had slipped out of the
hospital to hide what he could of the bodies. You knew this from the bloodied stains against
metal walls and trails in the dirt that led to a far isolated corner of the port.

You held the child in your arms a little tighter, keeping your eyes from straying to the
shadows there.

Before you knew it the three of you were strapped into the cockpit, lifting off once more and
bidding farewell to the planet. You were somewhat remiss that you didn't get the chance to
fully explore, having only traveled to a handful of planets in your lifetime. You wished you
could have flown low enough to see the scattering of oceans across the planet, gaze out the
cockpit window at the factory skyscrapers, things you had never seen on your home planet.



Still, your trust in Mando was stronger than your desire to explore.

"Where are we headed?" You asked once you were clear of the planet's hyperplanes.

"Rishi." Mando supplied readily. "Real back-water planet. Main hub is just populated enough
for us to blend into."

You hummed in thought, trying to see if you recalled anything about the planet from the
travelers you usually dealt with at your workshop. Nothing came to mind except gruff,
displeased mentions of a sticky, uncomfortable climate. Still, it sounded more interesting than
a barren, nameless moon in the middle of nowhere.

The child in your arms was still asleep, having roused slightly at being removed from his
carrier earlier but comfortable again in your arms. The awful memory of his small, scrunched
face eased as you held him and listened to his soft snores.

The silence drew long between you two. You thought you'd be used to it by now, given the
time you had spent together. Even so it felt forced, maintained by Mando's refusal to so much
as glance at you. He had retreated into himself again, hiding behind the dangerous hunter
personage he donned in front of others and you. Yet you had seen it slip away from him
before, had seen a glimpse of the man under the helmet. It was there in the way he had
refused to move away from you, the way he had sprung towards you when you fell, the way
he had first spoken your name.

You blinked, reminded of something.

"Back there, in the hospital, the nurse called me 'Cuyan'. Did you give her that instead of my
name?" You asked, voice curious but not demanding. Mando's hand on the coordinate system
paused, fingers brushing the screen before resuming what he was doing.

"Yes." He replied, voice devoid of anything that would have discouraged you from
continuing. So, you pressed onwards.

"Why? To try and avoid detection?"

You got a nod in reply this time. "That's right."

You swallowed, feeling the next question stuck in your throat. Something had changed in
between you two today, something unspoken. You wanted to push, to see how far it went, but
were afraid of how farther you could go without it shattering.

"...Is it your name?" You asked, and your voice was soft, almost apologetic.

Mando froze, and for a moment you thought for sure you had pressed too far. You thought for
sure he would end it there, not bother to respond and leave the question unanswered. Instead
there was a slight shift, a small movement in the way he held himself.

"No."



You should have stopped there, but you couldn't help yourself. It was like pulling in the end
of a fishing line. With each heartbeat you could feel the weight on the other end grow closer,
could see the shape shift in the water as it neared.

"Then...what is it?"

"It's...Mando'a." His voice was hesitant now, unsure. You gave him a second to pause, to tell
you to stop, to not press this any further. You almost wanted him to, to re-establish the
strange but disattached understanding you two had created before all of this happened. Even
if he did, you wanted to know. You needed to know.

"What does it mean?" The words were breathless, almost a stuttering sigh. The energy
between you was rigid, anticipatory. You were afraid that even you moved, so much as
breathed you would lose all chance of knowing the answer Mando held within himself.

Mando paused for long enough that were sure he wouldn't bother answering. He stared at the
stars out the cockpit window, gazing at the endless abyss of space. The infinite blackness
reflected in his helmet visor. His thoughts were elsewhere, and you had no idea how far they
ventured. He seemed to forget you for a moment, head tilted and gazing at something you
couldn't see.

Finally, his hand landed on the hyperdrive lever, and with a push downwards, the Razorcrest
launched into the blue of hyperspace.

"Survivor." He said at last, voice in a tone you had never heard him speak before. "It means
survivor."

Chapter End Notes

A weekend double update? Whhaaat? How I spoil you all.

I had so much fun writing this chapter. As much as I enjoy fight/action scenes, the soft
moments in between, the shift in the dynamics of characters is just *chef's kiss*.

Also, with this we are done with the 'Hypori' arc! We're now moving on to a longer,
more intense arc that I've titled in my notes as the 'Rishi' arc. It'll be a very different
environment from what we've seen so far, and I'm excited to explore it and show you
guys!

Also, I was asked what music I listen to when I write. Don't know if I'll make this a
regular thing, but for this chapter I listened to 'Sleeping on the Razorcrest' by songbird
audio and 'Unreleased SW Clone Wars Synth Music mix' by Samuel Kim Music. (found
roughly 27 minutes in) Both linked. If you listen to music while reading then I would
pick these two.

See you in the next update, thanks for reading!



--------

Follow me on Tumblr!



Chapter 9: Part Nine: Restlessness
Chapter Summary

You turned slightly in your sleep, startling the hunter from his thoughts. You twisted,
mumbling inaudibly. He watched you as you stilled, eyes moving rapidly under your
lids. Briefly your face contorted into a look of pain, and Din felt his chest clench oddly.

You spoke again, words incoherent but sounding nonetheless like a plea. Body twisting,
you shifted uncomfortably.

"Do you have nightmares too?" Din wondered to himself, unable to tear his eyes away.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Rishi, you learned, was an uncomfortably humid planet.

It was beautiful, if you were being truthful. Made of a collection of mountainous islands, its
waterside views were truly awe-inspiring. On the flight in you could see lush landscapes,
foggy cliffsides, and beautiful beaches with waves painted purple by the setting sun. If you
had to pick any place to lay low, this seemed like an excellent choice.

However, upon landing and opening the hatch door, you felt yourself nearly smacked in the
face by the wet, hot air of the lowlands. Within minutes of being on the planet you were
already working up a damp sweat. By the time Mando finished with the hangar engineer you
wanted nothing less than to swan-dive into the nearest lagoon in search of relief.

The child didn’t seem to mind much, ever curious about his surroundings. The tropical
paradise was home to a number of insects, birds, and lizards. Their calls echoed from the
rooftops of the shantytown you two found yourselves in. While you waited on Mando you let
the infant roam within your line of sight, watching as he scurried after a small lizard who
kept just out of his reach. Eventually, upon realizing the futility of his chase, the youngster
toddled back to you, reaching up and hoisting himself into your lap. You turned your focus to
him, fingers tracing his abnormally long ears. He cooed happily at the touch.

"Did you miss me?" You asked with a broad smile. "Sorry to have worried you. I said I'd be
okay, didn't I?" The child bounced in your arms with barely contained delight, grinning from
ear to ear.

"He was a real womprat while you were asleep." Mando commented from behind you, now
done with the hangar engineer. He stood beside you as you sat on a crate, arms slack at his
sides. You wondered how he was doing beneath all the layers, given that you were already
uncomfortably warm from the humidity. "Wouldn't stop fussing."



You looked back the infant, who seemed to realize Mando was talking about him. He puffed
a small, almost frustrated exhale, which made you laugh.

"It's because he missed me!" You exclaimed, reaching under his arms and tickling the infant,
who squealed playfully. He squirmed under you for a moment before you relented, looking
back at Mando. The hunter faced you at you sat with the child, his stance relaxed as he
watched the two of you. There was a softness to the way he held himself that made your heart
warm.

"He really does like you." He spoke, and you found yourself slightly surprised by the way he
measured his tone. "Maybe more than he likes me."

You made a small sound of disbelief at the child, who only mimicked the sound.

"No way. He's a father's boy. He just likes me because I entertain him more than you do."
You replied, bouncing the kid in your lap again.

Mando shrugged noncommittally. "He likes having you around, in any case."

You raised your eyebrows at that, sensing a hidden truth behind Mando's words. Before you
could ask, however, he gestured you to follow him.

"I found us a place to board." He tossed behind him as he walked away from you both. You
watched the sunset light glint off his armor for a moment before hoisting the child into your
arms and trotting to catch up and walk beside him.

Mando directed you three out of the hangar to a small inn at the edge of town. It didn't seem
like much, cobbled out of a collection of driftwood and scrap metal. Half of the first floor
didn't have walls, enclosed merely by support beams and the second floor overhead. Still, it
meant that you'd be sleeping in an actual bed as opposed to your makeshift bunk on the
Razorcrest, so you couldn't complain.

The first floor of the inn was a small cantina, filled almost entirely by locals. Half of the
room was cast into shadow by the ceiling above, with a series of hanging lamps to illuminate
the space. It was dusk, and the small bar was steadily filling up with workers getting off their
shifts. It hadn't amassed quite the crowd yet, but the street outside was beginning to bustle as
folks made their way home. You and Mando got quite the series of stares from the patrons as
you walked in. You couldn't blame them. You made quite the strange trio, a Mandalorian, a
back-world mechanic, and a long eared, green infant. You tried to pay their gazes no mind,
following Mando and making your way towards the back where a bartender was chatting
with one of his patrons.

"We're looking for a room." Mando announced gruffly, tossing a small bag of credits down
on the counter. The bartender raised his eyebrows, giving both you and you companion a
once over. His eyes glinted in the dim light of the bar. You squirmed a little under his gaze,
but upon noticing he gave you a friendly smile.

"Stayin’ long?" He asked good naturedly, and you tried to place the warbled accent of his
voice. "We only got one room left."



"We'll take it." Mando replied instantly. "How much for a week?"

The bartender scratched his chin, nails raking through a badly maintained beard. "That'll get
you a week." He announced, nodding at the small pile of credits. Before Mando could haggle
he turned, nodding to a young woman at the far side of the bar. "Uli, show this nice couple up
to their room."

"Ah." You spoke, feeling a warmth flush over your face at his bold assumption. "We're not-"

But the younger girl, a thin sheen of sweat on her rich brown skin, was already showing you
to a staircase in the back. "Right over here please." She spoke, flashing a bright smile. You
paused, still trying to speak, but Mando placed a hand at the small of your back. The motion
made you jump a little in surprise, and you cast an unreturned glance at him as he ushered
you forward.

You were escorted upstairs, the sound of the bar fading. Each step of the crooked staircase
creaked under your feet. When you reached the top Uli directed you two to a room scrunched
between two others.

"This room right here." The young woman gestured, handing Mando a key. "Please enjoy
your stay!"

Mando didn't say anything in reply, so you turned to her instead.

"Thank you." You murmured, offering her a small smile, which she returned gratefully.

It was only after she disappeared down the stairs that Mando unlocked the door. As it swung
open you were greeted by an open window carrying in the scent of sea-breeze. Delighted, you
rushed to it, leaning out slightly so you could smell the salt on the air. You could see down
the hill into town, past the metal roofings and out towards the bay. Between the driftwood
houses and metal structures tall frond trees towered over the neighborhood, casting welcome
shade over the streets. The still-setting sun cast a hazy red and pink light over the city, and
you could hear a variety of birds calling evening songs from the trees.

"It's beautiful." You breathed, trying to etch the view into your mind. Never had you seen
anything quite as awe-inspiring. Kaddack was a dusty, dry bowl compared to the serenity of
the landscape here. "Right Mando?"

Mando didn't respond, and you furrowed your brow with concern. "Mando?"

You turned, finding the hunter's gaze directed at something inside the room, shoulders stiff.
You felt yourself tense in turn, unaware of what could set him on edge so easily. Anxiously,
you followed his stare, relieved to find that the subject of his focus was a simple bed. At first
you breathed in relief, expecting to find a dead body or blood splatter against the paneled
walls. However, as moments ticked by realization began to dawn on you.

A single bed. One made for two people.



It took more than a moment for you to process, brain eventually catching up to Mando's
likely train of thought. When it did you felt a warm flush rise to your face, one that you
couldn't attribute to the humidity.

"Oh." Was all you could say, posture now mimicking the Mandalorian beside you.

"I'll take the floor." Mando spoke before you could say anything else. "You take the bed."
With that he swiped a pillow, setting it up on the side of the bed closest to the door. You
blinked after him, surprised by his abrupt declaration.

"N-now wait just a second." You protested, setting the child down on the bed so you could
gesticulate. The infant made a small sound up at you, watching as you struggled to get
Mando's attention. "I'm not the one who needs the rest."

Mando looked at you, and even with the helmet you could sense his bewilderment.

"You woke up from being unconscious due to poisoning not even 18 hours ago." He returned,
and you could hear the blunt professionalism in his tone fade. Instead he tried to be firm, but
you sensed the surprise at you talking back. "You take it."

You shook your head, frowning. Waving your hands nervously, you tried to stand your
ground against his reasoning. "Yeah, but you're the one who fought your way into an ambush,
carried my half-dead body to the medical outpost, and then went back to hide the bodies of
said ambushers. You didn't even nap on the way over here."

This was the first time you had truly tried to stand your ground against Mando's blunt and
direct orders, and the situation was not lost on you. Yet at this point you were convinced that
the hunter wouldn't dump you somewhere without a second thought if you gave him reason
to. His actions on Hypori were evidence enough of that.

Still, it was a bit intimidating trying to argue with the bounty hunter. His tone and stance gave
you enough pause to consider your words before speaking. However, your concern over his
physical state was enough to override your doubts about speaking up.

"I'm used to long-hours." Mando replied, but your eyes darted to his gloved hands fiddling
with the pillow in his grip.

"You're exhausted." You disputed, trying to ease your tone into a plea. "Even after you woke
up on Hypori you looked as if a rancor had dragged you through a field."

"I'm taking the floor." Mando insisted, and you noticed that he didn't try to deny your
accusation.

"Nope, I'm taking the floor." You replied adamantly, grabbing a pillow of your own. Mando
stared at you, shocked by your obstinance.

"What?" And again, his tone had shifted away from his usual gruffness. "I'll be fine. J-just
take the bed."



"No you take the bed." You pushed back, clinging the pillow tighter in your grip. "I'll go
sleep in the ship if I have to." It was an empty threat, and you knew it, but hopefully it would
convince him.

"I'm not letting you sleep in the ship. Not alone." His voice bordered a warning now, but you
didn't relent.

"Then take the bed." You returned, hardening your tone in kind. Your shoulders were stiff,
stance rigid through a combination of stubbornness and agitation.

"You take the bed." He snapped, tone dangerously close to biting.

The air crackled between you two, each of you as stubborn at the other. On the bed the child
looked curiously between you two, ears perked in attention. His large brown eyes blinked
sleepily. You didn't glance at him, focused instead on the Mando in front of you.

"Fine." You relented at last, and you could see Mando's shoulders relax. "I'll take the bed."

Mando nodded, moving to establish himself on the floor.

"If!" You interjected, pointing a finger at the hunter. He paused, head snapping back to look
at you. "You do too."

If you thought Mando was stiff before, his new posture indicated a whole new level of
discomfort. You could practically see his helmet glow from the warmth of his cheeks.

"A-absolutely not-" He tried to stutter, voice surprisingly hesitant. You would have been
amused by the waver in his voice if it wasn't for the tired droop of his shoulders, the lag in his
step from the hangar to the inn.

"Or I will go sleep on the ship alone." You promised, still leveling a finger at him.

There was a long, drawn out pause where Mando considered you. He didn't move, shoulders
still scrunched in discomfort. You could see the gears turning inside his head as he weighed
his options. For a moment you thought he would go sleep on the ship himself, that was until-

"Fine." He sighed loudly, not bothering to hide his annoyance. "But you actually have to rest.
You're still recovering."

You raised your eyebrows, blinking several times before processing his words. Again, his
puzzling but persistent concern for your well-being baffled you. It was in your agreement that
he keep you alive, but this new habit of making sure you were rested and in good health
failed to reconcile with the image of the hardened hunter before you. You knew he didn't
have an alternative goal for ensuring your wellness, but it still left you pondering as to where
this new cause for concern originated from.

"Fine." You replied in kind, voice finally softening. "The same goes for you. And don’t you
dare think about switching to the floor halfway through the night.



Mando sighed softly with resignation, shaking his head in either frustration or disbelief at
your behavior. You stifled an amused huff, humored by his frustration with a problem as
simple as sharing a bed.

Sharing a…

The repercussions of what you had just done finally reached you, and you felt a warmth
travel all the way from your toes to your ears at the situation. Even though it was a two-
person bed, it was not necessarily a large bed. In order to fit both of you would be very, very
close. The idea of your smaller form curled beside Mando’s larger armored figure, bodies
touching and being able to hear his soft, even snores summoned butterflies in your stomach.
Your brain conjured images of his warm chest pressing to yours, strong arms wrapped around
you-

You raised your hands, patting yourself several times on the face to dismiss your unwanted
thoughts. Mando noticed, gaze immediately snapping to your flushed expression. You tried to
hide your reddening cheeks beneath your hands, but in an instant Mando had closed the space
between you and raised an ungloved hand to your forehead.

“What’s wrong?” He asked sternly, a hint of worry tinting his voice. “Are you feeling sick
again?” Your mouth dropped open, entire body rigid with surprise at just how quickly he had
managed to get over to you. “You don’t seem to be running a fever, does the wound hurt?”

“N-no!” You replied, carefully grasping his hand, and taking it down from your face. Mando
remained still as you did so, head bent to look down at you. You returned his gaze, feeling the
blush across your face darken under his stare. “I’m fine Mando, i-it’s just really warm on this
planet.”

Mando considered you for a moment longer, and as if suddenly realizing the lack of space
between you two seemed to spring away from your touch. You blinked after him, watching as
he retreated like a surprised loth cat. A pause passed between you two as you tried to process
the strange breach of boundary Mando’s actions had brought. Your hand remained still in the
air where you had grasped the calloused flesh of Mando’s palm that had touched your
forehead. Mando watched you, hand still grasping his glove in a tight fist.

“I-I’m going to get some rest.” You offered at last, turning away from the hunter. You didn’t
bother to try and address what had just transpired, opting to try and ignore the strange gesture
instead. Mando nodded, head jerking abruptly as he too tried to dismiss what had just
transpired.

Normally you would have shed your work overalls and opted to sleep in your shorts and
shirt, but the idea of doing so in front of Mando made your skin prickle with discomfort. You
knew now that Mando was a decent person, he wouldn’t take advantage of you, and
especially not around the kid. It was more the fact that shedding layers of clothes, even if
more comfortable, left you vulnerable and exposed around the hunter.

You focused instead on unfolding one of the blankets at the bottom of the bed, the woven
material clenched in your grip. You could hear your heart thrumming loudly in your ears,
even as you tried to ignore it. Taking a deep breath, you tried to control your tumbling



thoughts. It wasn’t as if you hadn’t shared a bed before. As a child sleeping quarters were
hard to come by, and you often had found yourself sleeping alongside other orphans in
abandoned houses or temporary shelters. So why…?

A pleased gurgle came from behind you, and you saw Mando’s charge toddling over to him
on the other side of the bed with outstretched arms. Mando was sitting, half turned to see the
toddler. You noticed he had removed his pulse rifle and cloak but hadn’t taken off the rest of
his beskar.

"Aren't you going to take off your armor?" You asked quizzically. "It's warmer than Tatooine
here."

"I don't think you've ever been to Tatooine." Mando replied brusquely, gaze focused on the
youngster as he clambered over a lumpy pillow. "And no."

You watched the way he observed the child, posture relaxed. A smile crept onto your lips at
the sight. Despite outward appearances, he really was a softy for the infant in his care.

"Not even the helmet?" You asked, and you knew from the way Mando froze and slowly turn
to you that you had said something very, very wrong.

"Especially not the helmet." He replied, tone low in warning. You stiffened, thrown by his
sudden and stark shift in demeanor. In the beginning days of knowing Mando you had been
afraid to ask questions, worried about attracting his attention for too long. You thought that
the odd partnership you two had reached that maybe you could begin to probe, to understand
the man under the beskar.

It seemed that wasn’t the case.

"I-I see." You returned, feeling shame sweep over you. Not fully understanding the offense
you had committed, you offered: "Sorry, I didn't mean to-"

"It's fine." Mando cut you off sharply, making you flinch slightly. You saw him notice, saw
him try to collect himself and measure his tone. "You didn't know."

You didn’t bother to try again, feeling as if you had pushed too far. So, you were surprised to
find that, after several long moments, Mando turned to face completely towards you to
explain.

"I took an oath, one I made when i was still very young.” His voice was soft, and you stilled,
afraid that by even moving it would diminish the meaning of his words. “It's part of my
creed. No one can ever see my face, so the helmet stays on."

"I see." You returned lamely, still feeling uncomfortable. You still had questions, however.
Why a helmet? Why not just a mask? Could he at least tell you what he looked like? Exactly
how old was he when he put the helmet on? Could he remove it in front of members of his
clan?

…What happened if he took it off?



"Try to get some rest. I'll deal with the kid." He supplied, and his voice was soft, almost
apologetic. You stayed still as he turned, listening to the rustle of the bedspread as he focused
on the now-quiet infant in his lap.

 

You didn’t offer a reply. Gingerly you spread out the blanket on your small section of the bed.
You arranged yourself so that you took up as little space as possible, letting the feeling of
your head sinking into the pillow to relax your weary form. The sounds of the toddler on the
other side of the bed making small, incomprehensible baby noises combined with the fading
calls of the birds outside slowly faded, becoming a lullaby that eased your troubled mind into
a soft gentle promise of sleep.

“Goodnight Mando.” You offered, the words soft. You weren’t even sure if he heard you

Yet as the light of the sunset faded from behind your eyes and the noises of the coming
evening lessened, you could hear:

“Goodnight.”

 

- o - o - o - o - o -

It wasn't long before you dozed off, breaths evening out into slow and steady exhales. Din
adamantly kept his back to you, occupying himself with the child. Dimming sunlight still
spilled into the room from the dying sunset out on the bay. As he lifted the child into the
pram he could see the sunbeams light the infant's brown eyes into a soft gold. The youngster
cooed at him, tilting his head once he was safely in the bassinet. Din huffed, sharing a small
stare with his charge.

"Think you'd be able to settle down around here for a bit?" He asked, and the kid blinked his
large eyes at him wordlessly reaching out with a tiny hand. Din obligated, offering a gloved
finger which the child clung onto with a soft chortle. He watched as the infant fought sleep,
eyes drooping low and head nodding. Within a few more minutes he was dozing softly
enough for Din to extract his finger.

Din sighed, feeling the air rush from his lips and brush against his skin inside his helmet. He
sat down on the other side of the bed, trying not to disturb your sleeping form. You didn't
take up as much space as he thought you would, curling into yourself as you slept. It was a
defensive position, he knew. He had done the same thing as a child, trying to protect himself
from nightmares of explosions and droid armies.

He glanced at you out of the corner of his eyes, looking at the way you breathed out from
barely parted lips, or the way your hair spread onto the pillow where you rested your head.
The sight was...relaxing in a way. Comforting knowing that there was someone else who he
could now count on to watch the ship and defend the child.



He didn't know when he had stopped considering you as a potential threat and more as an
ally. You still didn't have the means to hunt alongside him but had at least proven yourself
useful enough to retain his tentative trust. His original suspicions of you being a spy or
operative seemed far-fetched now, with your enduring honesty and optimistic earnestness.
Din had to humor himself in thinking you would likely make an extremely poor imperial or
guild agent.

Any lingering reservations about your motives had been cast null and void by your actions of
Hypori. He truly had expected you to stay one he had found your medical attention, to skip
ship and carve out a place for yourself on the industrial planet. Yet instead you had not only
once again proven yourself by defending the child, you had proven that you had the fortitude
to defend yourself even under the direst of circumstances. He couldn't help but admit he was
a little impressed.

Yet he could remember the sight of your crumpled body on the Razorcrest's ramp, the way
your legs had fallen out from under you in the cockpit. The sounds of your strained, rattling
breath still echoed in his ears. Din had experienced his fair share of allies being injured,
fellow hunters dying under a line of blaster fire or a single misstep. Nevertheless, when it was
your form in his arms, so much lighter than what he imagined, he felt an odd sense of dread
rising within him.

It was the same when he witnessed the child being taken away by the Imperials, face
contorted into a cry. A sick guilt had twisted his stomach, laying there, and chewing his
insides as he watched the infant disappear. He had tried to push it down, to not mind it, but it
had slowly eaten away at him until he could bear it no longer. When he saw your form,
bleeding and exhausted, still crawling out to try and help him, it was the same.

Din could still feel the rage that simmered beneath his skin when he had returned to find the
ambush, could feel it blister in his veins. Mandalorians had a strong oath of honor, and even
if others weren't beholden to it, it infuriated him when he saw someone behaving so
dishonorably. To attack a woman, sick and injured, who was trying to protect a helpless
infant, left him nearly shaking with fury.

He didn't remember much of the fight that followed, only the feeling of a bone crunching
under his hand, the feeling of a throat in his grip. His Mandalorian training had taken over,
leaving behind devastation in his wake. It was only once your voice called to him that he was
able to ground himself, able to haul you into his arms and rush you towards help.

Survivor, he had called you. It spoke to your spirit. He had witnessed you survive impossible
encounters several times now, each one as shocking and captivating as the last.

Even if you had wanted to stay on Hypori, he wasn't sure would have been able to let you go
so easily. Din was silently fascinated by you, even if he didn't want to admit it. It ran far past
coincidental self-interest and the level of trust you had gained from him. Instead it lay in the
way you spoke, the hum of your voice and gestures in your hands. It was the way you had
slowly relaxed around him, had dared to challenge him. It was like watching something grow
right before his eyes in an enthralling unfoldment.



You turned slightly in your sleep, startling the hunter from his thoughts. You twisted,
mumbling inaudibly. He watched you as you stilled, eyes moving rapidly under your lids.
Briefly your face contorted into a look of pain, and Din felt his chest clench oddly.

You spoke again, words incoherent but sounding nonetheless like a plea. Body twisting, you
shifted uncomfortably.

"Do you have nightmares too?" Din wondered to himself, unable to tear his eyes away.

You twisted in on yourself, voice murmuring restlessly against the tumult of your thoughts.
Din's hand reached out, brushing a piece of hair from your eyes. The motion caused your
body to slacken, face falling into deep slumber one more. Din repeated the motion, absorbed
in the way the dying sun caught the color in your hair.

At once he jerked his hand away, realizing how close he had gotten to you. Face flushing, he
cursed at himself for allowing himself such a moment of indulgence. If you had been awake
to see that he never would have forgiven himself for such a breach of boundary. He had
already stepped past the invisible barrier he had built once this evening, and even now he
could feel the soft skin of your forehead underneath his palm.

Wordlessly, Din buried his head in his hands with a groan. Whatever he had expected from
taking you aboard, this wasn’t it. The professionalism and calm collected demeanor he sought
to embody around you was slowly being worn down by this odd interest he found in you. He
had to re-establish himself, lest he risk being distracted by your mere presence.

He couldn’t afford this, whatever this strange attachment was. There were reasons he worked
alone. He couldn’t afford to constantly be wary of any partners whilst also chasing his quarry.
Even if he did trust a crew-mate, he couldn’t risk exposing the covert by having someone so
close. The earnings he received from his bounty went entirely to the forge-master and the
clan’s foundlings. He couldn’t split the credits with a ship-mate without taking away from
that.

It was also…easier, and for exactly this reason. As much as he hated to admit it, you were…
distracting. Distracting in a way that wasn’t necessarily bad. Din had slowly found himself
adjusting to your presence in the cockpit, the way you handled the child when he had his
back turned. Your nearby form was…comfortable. It was an odd change from the people he
encountered in his line of work, to have someone positive and helpful and simply…there.

Almost like a friend.

Din cast a final, lingering glance at your turned form before laying down so that he was back
to back with you. His mind still churned, conflicting thoughts keeping him awake. Even with
your steady, even breathing beside him, he doubted he was going to get any sleep tonight.

Stars, you were going to be the death of him.

Chapter End Notes



Me: Do I really want to do the one bed trope? Isn't it kinda cliche?

Smellmeeve: //Palpatine voice: Do it

 

Hello loves, it's been so long :'-)

Work and school are picking up again, so it's getting more difficult to find time to write.
Updates are likely to come once a week from here on out, I'm aiming for Fridays. To
make up for the wait I've resolved to post longer chapters for your enjoyment. Usually I
aim for 3500 words, and this chapter alone is //checks notes// precisely 4864 words. ^^;

This chapter is a little bit of a break before we launch into the whole Rishi arc. I've got
some hijinks planned so stay tuned!

Once again a huge thank you to everyone who enjoys this fic. This work has becomes
my most bookmarked, kudos-ed, and viewed piece in my entire collection. I'm blown
away by the response. There's so many comments now that I don't get to all of them, but
know that I am so grateful to each and every one of you who leaves a comment. I may
start doing comment shout-outs in the next update just for fun, who knows?

See you all soon!

-----

Follow me on Tumblr!




Chapter 10: Part Ten: The Village
Chapter Summary

"Are you trying to put yourself in danger?"

Mando turned halfway to you, regarding you with an even stare. Even with the helmet
on you could feel his piercing stare.

"You help protect the kid, I keep you alive. That's our agreement." He spoke, and you
could hear him fall back into that blunt, professional tone of his. "So why is it that we're
all the way up here, chasing down a dangerous hunter?"

Chapter Notes

Slight canon divergence, canon compliant speciesism, and allegories to colonization
ahead

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It wasn't the smell of smoke, heat of flames, or desperately calling voice that haunted your
dreams that awoke you the next morning. Instead you felt a soft, three clawed touch on your
cheek. Eyes fluttering open, your vision focused on the image of a familiar green infant
reaching out to touch your face with a low whine. His soft, still sleepy brown gaze latched
onto your own, head tilted in consideration. You smiled wearily, still overcome by sleep.

"Morning." You offered, voice thick after resting so deeply. Blinking, you paused,
considering. Yet the haunting and familiar nightmare of a burning building and the rain of
blaster fire remained a far-distant thought. You were relieved to find that you didn't even
dream as you slept, having had a peaceful rest for the first time in what felt like eons. You
could distantly remember the feeling of it, the familiar scorch starting in your chest as you
slept. Before it could consume you there was a gentle, reassuring touch, and the nightmare
had faded.

The birds outside had begun their morning chorus, singing loudly from the treetops. The
room was already bright, being well past sunrise. Outside you could hear the distant murmur
of the city center as the market opened and work began for the locals. The warm breeze that
floated into the window carried with it the smell of sea-salt, crisp to the taste.

You stretched, feeling your joints pop and muscles unbend lazily from slumber. Stars, when
was the last time you had slept so well? You let a deep inhale settle in your chest before



sighing contentedly, relishing the morning light and the comfortable but worn mattress
against your back.

The child whined again beside you, and you rolled over to face him, finding the other side of
the bed empty. A glance to the floor by the door found that your helmeted companion was
absent from there as well. You looked back to the child, an eyebrow cocked.

"Where'd you dad go, hmm?" You asked, and the child made a small snort.

You sat up, scooping the kid into your lap. As you did you could feel the pangs of hunger
alert your now awake stomach. As if in sync, you heard a small rumble of hunger from the
toddler in your arms.

"Let's go see what we can scrounge up downstairs, huh bud?" You asked the infant, who
cooed in seeming agreement. You smiled. "Maybe your dad is already down there. Let's go
see if we can find him."

With a heave you lifted yourself off the lumpy mattress, toddler in tow.

However, as you approached the top of the stairs, you were greeted by a commotion down
below. Cautious but curious, you stepped down enough to take a peek at the bar from your
perch atop the stairs. The owner from last night, with his dark eyes and scraggly beard, stood
stiffly with his gaze directed across the cantina to the entrance. The young girl, Uli, stood just
behind him clutching tightly to a serving board. Her shoulders were scrunched to her ears as
the older man beside her raised his voice at whoever stood in the entrance.

You tensed automatically, holding fast to the child in your arms. This was a back-water
world, untouched by Imperials as far as you knew. Still, the possibility of you and the infant
being found by an Imperial agent, stormtroopers, or another hunter was not out of the realm
of possibility. Gingerly, you lowered yourself one step further to see exactly who or what
stood in the entrance. The bar was empty, save the duo behind the bar. Patrons and visitors
alike were unseen, Mando included. Instead you followed the owner's gaze to the large
shadow blocking the entryway. There, you were greeted by a being you had never seen
before.

It was massive, easily towering over the owner of the bar, even taller than Mando. Yet that
wasn't the odd part. You were surprised to find that this creature was absolutely covered in
feathers from head to toe. Golden and bronze colored plumage decorated his chest under his
meager garments. His arms weren't exactly arms, more folded into wings. An Avian species,
you realized. One that was drastically unfamiliar to you.

"No! Get out!" The owner below you snapped at the creature, who remained unmoved. "We
have an agreement! Your kind can't come here!"

"This is the only place where I can find a hunter." The alien returned, and you listened to the
sing-song pitch of his voice tinted with worry. "My village needs help-"

"I said get out!"



"Please." The avian pleaded again, hands held up placatingly. "I only come in the direst of
circumstances. If you'd let me speak-"

"I don't care what the circumstances are!" Came the answering bellow. "Go back to the
mountains with the rest of your kind!"

The being flinched, an odd gesture for someone his height and build. Still, he relented,
bowing his head, and turning away from the door. You watched silently as he left, watching
as the sun caught the shimmering gold in his plumage as he stepped out of the shade. After a
few more moments you carefully straightened off the stairs, making your way down into the
cantina.

There, Uli looked up into the face of her employer as he gingerly held her by the shoulders,
murmuring in a soft tone. The sound of your footsteps interrupted him, and he spun. Upon
seeing it was only you and the child, he softened.

"I'm sorry if I woke you." He offered. "I didn't intend to raise my voice as loudly as I did."

You shook your head, offering a small, beit unsure smile in return. "You didn't wake me."
You replied, walking over to settle the infant on the bar ledge. "What was all that about?"

Uli exchanged a look with the man beside her, stepping forward and setting down the serving
tray in her hands. She brushed down her patched apron before directing her gaze at you.

"The bird creature, it's a Rishii." She spoke, voice soft. "They're the natives of this planet.
There's an...understanding between the settlements and their villages. They see us as
invaders, and when the settlements began to expand, they began to raid towns and cities near
the mountains. There were some border disputes, and a number of Rishii and settlers died.
Eventually the settlements negotiated a peace. The cities aren't allowed to expand any further,
and in turn the Rishii do not attack us."

"We should have never made a treaty with them." The older man beside her spat. "They're
nothing but primitive species, why should we negotiate with them?"

You frowned, irritation prickling along your skin. You directed your gaze at the older man,
distaste evident in your stare.

"I'm sure they didn't ask for settlers to encroach on their home." You returned, trying to keep
your tone even. The owner frowned at you in reply, eventually turning and waving his hand
dismissively.

"Uli, get these two something to eat. I'm going to be in the back sending a message to the
marshal." He called gruffly, and you stared after him with disgust clear on your expression.

Uli cleared her throat beside you, and you turned your gaze to her.

"I'm sorry about Ty." She offered, and you were reminded how gentle her voice was. "But
you have to understand. Even under the New Republic, the galaxy is dangerous. It's hard to



find a place as peaceful and beautiful as Rishi. We didn't want to start a war, we just wanted
to survive somewhere away from the danger of the rest of the galaxy."

You softened a bit at her but maintained your evenly measured voice. Eyes locking onto her
deep brown gaze, you spoke softly in return.

"I'm sure that's what the Rishii want as well."

Uli ducked her head, and you could see the look of hurt cross over her face as she understood
the meaning behind your words. Before you could say anything else, she excused herself and
ducked into the kitchen.

Your eyes followed her, and as she vanished you sighed. You kneaded the bridge of your nose
with your fingers, trying to calm yourself. Speciesism wasn't a new concept to you, having
lived on a world full of varying races, but you had never seen it quite as severe before today.
An entire world segregated by clear lines between natives and colonists. You had a
challenging time believing it.

You looked up, opening your mouth to confide to the toddler in your care. However, you
quickly discovered he was absent from his perch. Eyes frantically searching, your gaze
landed on his small, toddling form wandering out of the cantina into the sunny street.

"Dank ferrick!" You cursed, lunging off your bar stool and after the small green fellow.

By the time you caught up to him you were well down the sunny street. You were reminded
just how quickly he could get away from you if you weren't monitoring him closely. Catching
him in your arms and scooping him upwards, you gave him a sour look. However, the child
only giggled delightedly, thinking that the chase must have obviously been a game.

"Your dad will hear about this when he gets back." You told him sternly, to which he lowered
his long ears.

As you were about to turn back to the inn, a gold shimmer caught your eye. Your gaze
snapped to the source of the light, finding that the avian creature from before was not far
down the street from you. You watched after him, and upon seeing the slump of his
shoulders, your heart sank. Against your better judgement, you called after him.

"Wait!"

He paused, turning as you trotted to catch up. As you neared you fully realized just how large
the avian species was. Easily two or three heads taller than you, he had to crane his neck to
gaze down at your smaller form. This close you could see that the bird-like resemblance
didn't stop at his feathered form. Even his beaked mouth and large, round eyes resembled that
of an owl. You were briefly daunted by his height but swallowed back your uncertainty.

"I-I'm sorry that the inn owner spoke to you like that." You offered quietly, holding the child
tight in your arms. The little one craned his head up at you, gaze switching back and forth
between you and the giant creature you spoke to. "I don't think you deserved to be yelled at."



You could see the Rishii pause, surprised by your words as he considered them. His stance
was taut, feathers pressed down severely against his form.

"That's...unexpectedly kind." He returned hesitantly. "I do not often expect such compassion
from your species."

You gave a small, tentative smile. "You don't need to thank me." You spoke, voice losing
some of its cautiousness. "I don't think it’s much to ask for people to be decent to each other."

Again, he seemed surprised. Still, he offered a small, grateful nod in return. Your eyes traced
the layers of plumage on his form, lingering over the bronze colored feathers on his wings.
After a pause, he spoke again, voice low.

"You...aren't from here, are you?" To which you shook your head. Again, he paused as he
considered his next words carefully. "Are you...a bounty hunter? A mercenary?"

You shook you head again. "No." You confirmed with a slight grimace. Yet Mando's beskar
clad figure appeared in your mind, nonetheless. "But I am traveling with one."

Surprisingly, you watched as the Rishii's feathers puff up, which you took as a sign of
happiness.

"Please." He asked, reaching forward and gently grasping one of your hands with his bird-
like claws. "Help me. Help my village."

You automatically took a step back, startled by his sudden enthusiasm. Blinking in surprise,
you listened to him continue as he spoke rapidly.

"There's someone hunting our village." He explained. "They come in the night and take
people away. We've tried tracking them, but it's like they're a phantom. We lost a dozen
villagers last month. Some of them we found dead in the forest. We tried asking the local
militia for help, but they laughed at us."

His words tumbled out of him unabated, as if you had just opened the levee to a damn of
desperation. Your mouth hung open, brain desperately trying to process the information just
given to you.

However, before you could even respond, a low modulated voice spoke from behind the
avian.

"Let her go."

The Rishii before you turned, revealing a beskar clad figure behind him. Mando stood stiffly,
hand on his blaster as he locked his gaze on the bird-like creature. The morning sunlight
glinted off his helmet, casting the metal in the same color as the Rishii’s feathers beside you.
His posture and tone alone hinted not so subtly at the threat of violence if the creature before
him did not comply.

Sensing his rising ire, you quickly stepped between him and the Rishii. Your gaze switched
between them quickly, noticing the Rishi raise his hackles in defense. You put a placating



hand in the center of Mando's chest plate.

"Wait!" You told him. "Don't."

Mando's gaze snapped to you, and immediately you could see some of the tension ease from
his posture. You let some of the anxiety ease from your chest as well, grateful that you now
had the hunter's attention.

"He wasn't going to hurt me or the kid." You reassured him quietly. "He was asking about
you, he says he needs your help."

Mando faced towards you, silent. As if not hearing words but instead listening to your tone,
he turned his attention to you. A gloved hand reached up and offered a finger to the child,
who reached out and grasped it with a pleased gurgle. You blinked, a bit taken aback by the
sudden tenderness in his actions.

"Please." The Rishii interjected, voice laced with distress. "We need someone experienced in
hunting quarry. There aren't many hunters on Rishi, and even fewer who would help our
tribe."

Mando's gaze turned to the avian, remaining on his feathered figure as he contemplated. His
hand had drifted away from his blaster, but upon realizing the Rishii was still there his stance
stiffened once more. He kept his gaze locked on the winged being, head tilted slightly. There
was a long pause as he studied the alien before him before finally speaking.

"No." Came his simple answer. "I can't help you."

With that he began to trek up the street, back towards the inn. Just as quickly as he had come,
he was gone again. You looked after him, shocked at his blunt response. The Rishii beside
you sank dejectedly, giving you a sorrowful look.

Finally, your thoughts caught up to your body, and you chased after the Mandalorian.

"Now wait just a second." You countered, planting yourself firmly in Mando's path. The
hunter halted abruptly, helmeted gaze turning down towards you. "The least you can do is
hear him out."

"I already did." Mando returned, voice growing impatient. "Let's go." With that he lay a hand
on your shoulder, trying to turn you in the direction of the inn. You shrugged off his hand,
glancing as it remained suspended just above your figure.

“No.” You retorted, remaining fixed before him. Your face fell into a look of frustration as
you returned his pointed gaze. “I thought you were a bounty hunter. Isn’t this a job? Isn’t this
what you do?”

Mando stood stiffly, and you could see his fists clench at his sides. Normally the gesture
would have caused you to back down, but you didn’t understand why Mando was being so
obstinate about refusing to give his aid.

"You can help him." You scowled up at your companion. "Why wouldn't you?"



Mando considered you, stance stiff with a mild shock at your sudden tenacity. "I'm not
interested in getting involved in a hunter's duel." He replied. "There's other hunters that can
help him."

“Do you really know that?” You pressured, going as far as to stand on your toes to level up to
his height. A somewhat futile effort on your part. “Especially considering how people treat
Rishii here?”

“Yes, I do.” Mando snapped back, and you sense his patience wearing thin. “Enough. Let’s
go.”

This time he was less gentle about turning you in the direction of the inn, despite your
indignant grumble. You wanted to push the issue further, but Mando’s tone left little room for
debate. So instead you cast an apologetic glance at the young avian behind you, feeling
Mando’s taller form bump you as he walked in the direction of the cantina.

"Please!" The Rishii behind you both called out again, voice desperate with concern. You
could see his owl-like eyes large with fear. "Whoever it is, they're taking our children. For
some reason they don't care about the adults, but our village's children are disappearing.” His
shoulders slumped, gaze directed hopelessly at the ground. His voice softened, choked with
anxiety as he addressed the hunter. “We won't last another generation if this continues."

This, of all things, made Mando pause. You held your breath as he held still for what seemed
like a moment too long. You could see him weighing the options in his head, trying to
rationalize a way out of the situation. Then, his shoulders sagged in resignation. If you
strained your ears you could hear the frustrated sigh from under his helmet, followed by a
cantankerous grumble in Mando’a. Your relieved exhale soon joined him as you gazed
hopefully up at the hunter and casting a pleased glance towards your new friend.

"Fine." Mando huffed, a resigned frustration evident in his voice. He turned, letting his gaze
weigh heavily on you before turning to the Rishii. "Where do we start?"

- o - o - o - o - o -

Where you started, you found out quickly, was beyond the city and into the mountains. The
distance was far enough that Mando had to go retrieve the Razorcrest from the hangar he had
just come from and fly it carefully into the foggy range of valleys and peaks. The Rishii
accompanying you, who you learned was named Ankau Suun, was at first hesitant to get on
the spacecraft. However, upon taking to the skies, he became delighted at the novelty of the
experience. You eventually had to shoo him out of the cockpit, sensing Mando's mounting
annoyance at the avian's delighted oohing and ah-ing at the controls and sensors.

The trip didn't take long, not even an hour from the city you and Mando had originally landed
in. It had taken all of five minutes to pack up everything in your small room at the inn while
Mando bartered back his payment. You wish you could say that Ty, the bar owner, and Uli
were sad to see you go. Uli at least had the wherewithal to look disappointed as you trailed
Mando outside. You had given her a similarly disappointed gaze as you stepped out onto the
street to follow the native back to his tribe.



Mando himself had remained mostly quiet since originally agreeing to the job. You felt a
little pang of guilt at his sour attitude but tried to reassure yourself that he would come
around. Still, the tension in his shoulders and silence of his voice left you feeling a little
restless.

Mando's young charge seemed to mimic his guardian's attitude, even if it was mostly out of
hunger driven crankiness. You had attempted to placate him with one of the rations in the
hold, to which he had turned up his small nose at. You spent the majority of the short trip
trying to coddle him into eating, and when that failed, distract him with a small game. Ankau
sat in the cargo hold with you, having finished inspecting the foreign compartments and
strange contraptions on the walls. You had to warn him away from the carbonite freezer at
one point, explaining his purpose. The avian's flattened his feathers in alarm, deciding to take
a seat near you and watch you with the child.

"Are you his mother?" He asked bluntly after a minute or two of silence, making you nearly
fall out of your seat with a mixture of shock and rising indignance.

"N-no!" You replied quickly, face warming. "I'm...a babysitter, I suppose." For reasons you
didn't completely understand, being reminded of your proper place within your strange trio
made your heart clench a little.

The Rishii cocked his head at you, not unlike an owl. "You are not Mando's chosen?" He
asked, and you broke your gaze away from the infant to look back at him quizzically.

"Chosen...?" You echoed unsurely. Ankau nodded at you.

"His...lover? Betrothed? Apologies, the nuances of your language often escape me."

Again, you nearly fell off your seat. Face practically burning at this point, you rushed to
dissuade your new, albeit somewhat socially oblivious, new friend.

"N-no!" You exclaimed, raising your hands, and waving them frantically. The child on the
floor beside you giggled as you frantically gestured, copying your movements. "Mando and I
are...well, you see we are...I guess you could call us- err..." Words seemed to fail you as you
searched for the correct answer. Partners? Hardly. Contractually obligated? That wasn't right.

...Friends?

You paused, letting your voice trail off as you considered. Your face fell into contemplation,
hands gently lowering to your lap. Was Mando...a friend? He was a traveling companion, one
you had both agreed on in mutual self-interest. He was kind despite his blunt and brusque
demeanor. He had saved you more than once, had kept you alive even at risk to himself. You
two had grown closer since the incident on Hypori, but was that enough to justify calling
what you had a friendship?

"He's..." You spoke softly, eyes gazing down at your palms in your lap. Your voice was quiet,
contemplative. Yet you were surprised to find a bit of longing there. "...just someone I'm
traveling with. That's all."



The Rishi beside you observed you with a keen, unblinking yellow gaze. You felt yourself
warm under both his stare and your lingering thoughts. Then, Mando's voice filtered down
from above.

"We're here."

You followed Ankau up to the cockpit, green toddler in tow. As Ankau directed Mando as to
where to land, you looked down at the mountain village from high above. It was partially
obscured by fog, but even past the screen of vapor you could see the domed, thatched tops of
huts towering up the cliff-side into the hills. An intricate network of rope bridges and
winding paths connected the multi-leveled village. There were platforms built into trees, with
fires constructed within. Look-out posts, you guessed.

The village center appeared to be one large clearing, surrounded by a series of small huts. A
larger domed structure sat to the upper side of the clearing, and through the fog you could see
smoke coming from the pitched hole in the roof. Mando angled the Razorcrest towards the
clearing. As you descended past the cloud cover you could see a number of Rishi villagers
crowding to see the descending spaceship.

Off to the side lay a smaller group of what appeared to be younger Rishii. You peered out the
window, trying to catch a better glimpse of the children, but the overhead fog made it
difficult to see.

“That’s my sister, down there.” Ankau said beside you, following your line of sight. You
glanced at him, surprised by how well he was able to see. It must be a trait of his species, you
pondered. “Her and the few remaining children.”

You frowned worriedly, stroking the bald head of the child in your arms with concern. Your
childhood was difficult in many ways, constantly scavenging and trying to survive without
any parents. The thought of belonging to a tribe was comforting. Yet the possibility of a clan
of adults trying their best to protect you and failing left an odd, familiar chill in your
stomach. Before you could get a further glimpse of the children, the Razorcrest began its
descent through the cloud cover.

Mando set down the Razorcrest with a low hum and the hiss of cabins de-pressurizing. You
watched as Mando completed his landing sequence, hearing the groan of the cargo ramp
lowering below. Ankau was quick to descend, and soon you heard him chattering excitedly to
the rest of the village outside. You waited until Mando stood, tracing his still tense shoulders
with your gaze.

"Mando, I-" You tried, but he was already climbing down the ladder. You paused, breath
baited for a moment. Then, with a soft disappointed sigh, you followed him.

The air was crisp, cleaner than in the city, you realized as you stepped outside onto the ramp.
It was cooler, elevation tampering down on the nearly stifling humidity of the lowlands.
Some of the fog still lingered beyond the inner circle of the village, but the bright sun
peeking through the clouds had begun to burn much of it off. You followed Mando to the
bottom of the ramp, keeping the kid in your arms lest he wander off again.



Ankau was speaking animatedly to a small crowd of villagers. You realized that his bronze
colored feathering was not homogenous to the rest of the tribe. Many of his fellow villagers
bore colors that ranged from a dark, muted blue to a stark yellow tinted with white feathers
under the wings. They were strangely beautiful, each as individual as the other despite their
various heights and plumage.

You couldn't follow much of what Ankau said, trying to decipher his native tongue. However,
those gathered seemed to receptive to your arrival, nodding and fluffing excitedly. Mando
stood silently, observing the crowd with a steady gaze.

At once the crowd hushed, heads turning and bodies making way for a bent, scraggly Rishii.
His feathers seemed lackluster, a soft grey with what used to be an iridescent green tinting.
His plumage was almost patchy in areas along his torso, indicated a long-lived lifespan. The
villagers stepped back to let him pass. You realized at once that this level of respect was
likely reserved for the village's chieftain. Mando seemed to sense so as well, offering a small
bow of his head which you followed.

"Welcome to our village." The aging avian before you greeted. "My name is Arvod Suun. it
seems you have already met my grandson." He nodded to the Ankau, who stood quietly to the
side.

Mando nodded, offering no other words, and instead allowing the chief to continue.

"I wish that this was something we could handle ourselves. However, the one hunting our
village is...elusive. A phantom."

Mando tilted his head, and you tried to discern the gesture. "Not for long." He spoke, voice
hoarse through the modulator.

If the Rishii could smile, you were sure Arvod would have given Mando a pleased smirk.

"In which case, please allow Ankau to show you to your lodgings. We cannot offer much, but
while you are here consider this your home."

"Thank you." You spoke from behind Mando, who turned slightly to keep you in his vision.

You followed Ankau to a small hut a short distance from the inner clearing. The hut you were
ushered to stood semi open, a wood screened wall on several sides with the other section
open but supported by decorated beams. A small fire pit sat in the middle. You weren't sure
what you were expecting in terms of sleeping arrangements, but a literal nest should have
probably been there. It looked like a straw mattress at first, albeit slightly hollowed out and
round. For a moment you wished for the comfortable yet lumpy mattress back at the inn.
Better to lie in the grave you dug, now that you were here.

Mando observed the hut, glancing around the small space. The nest-mattress sat off to one
side, with the dug in fire pit beside it. Several woven baskets contained a small assortment of
blankets, and a large clay jug taller than the child you were carrying contained fresh water. It
was...rudimentary, but clean and orderly, nonetheless.



You felt Ankau bend beside you, leaning down so he could murmur in your ear. "Will you be
needing a separate hut? I can ask for one to be arranged if you like." You blinked, realizing he
was referencing your conversation in the cargo hold. You tried desperately to find an
appropriate answer.

"That won't be necessary." Mando's voice interrupted, causing both of you to jump slightly.
"This is fine."

You hazarded a glance at the Rishii beside you, who offered a small shrug of similar
ambiguity.

"Take your time to get settled in then. When you're ready, come find my grandfather and he'll
tell you all we know about the phantom hunter." He concluded, taking the chance to duck out
of the hut back towards the village center. You were left alone with the green child in your
arms and a tensely quiet Mandalorian.

You shifted awkwardly, still feeling Mando's tension hang in the air. Despite his familiar
silence, his posture indicated a level of irritation he wasn't voicing. You had already tried to
speak to him once about it, only to be brushed aside. He probably needed a little more time,
you decided.

"Let's get you something to eat, shall we?" You asked the green toddler, held against your
shoulder. He made a small 'eh?' sound at you, eyes still following Mando as you turned to
exit the hut.

"Are you trying to put yourself in danger?"

You froze, brow furrowing as you turned back towards the hunter before you. He faced away
from you, but it was clear he was speaking to you.

"Excuse me?" You replied, a mixture of confusion and shock in your voice.

Mando turned halfway to you, regarding you with an even stare. Even with the helmet on you
could feel his piercing stare.

"You help protect the kid, I keep you alive. That's our agreement." He spoke, and you could
hear him fall back into that blunt, professional tone of his. "So why is it that we're all the way
up here, chasing down a dangerous hunter?"

You blanched somewhat but squared your jaw and returned his leveled gaze. "Someone
needed to help these villagers." You countered. "I knew you could."

“It doesn’t matter if I can.” Mando all but growled, and you automatically took a step back at
his resentful tone. You quickly composed your face, hiding the look of hurt that passed over
it. Not soon enough, because Mando noticed almost instantly. You could see him compose
himself, voice evening out but still containing its frustration.

"This hunter, they're dangerous.” He continued “If they can kill fully grown Rishii and escape
with a dozen children, what's to stop them from deciding to shoot you next?" You shrank a



little at the possibility, not particularly fond of having a sniper bolt through your chest.
"You're putting yourself in danger by asking me to help these people. Why?"

You had to take a deep breath before speaking again, realizing you and Mando were
approaching this topic from two very different standpoints. "Why else?" You responded at
last. "They need our help, so we try to give it."

"Even if it means putting yourself at risk?" His instant reply made you stiffen, but you stood
your ground. You knew his tone was more out of a frustrated concern than a real anger at
you, but it rubbed you uncomfortably nonetheless.

You paused, knowing your answer but hesitating to speak it aloud.

"Wasn't that what you did for the child?" Your voice was soft, almost pleading against his
harsh tone.

Mando stiffened, shoulders tight and hands gripped at his sides. You had called his hypocrisy
and could sense the kindling it gave to his already cindering annoyance.

"I'm trained." He pointed out bluntly. "I have experience. You-" and he jerked a finger at you.
"-do not."

"I know." You acknowledged, trying to ease your voice. "That's why I asked, because I knew
you could do it.”

Mando must have heard the softening of your voice, because he eased as well. You could see
his chest rise and fall in a frustrated sigh. Your words must have hit the right balance with
him, because you could sense, rather than feel him ease. The air between you two stood still,
and suddenly Mando was closing the distance between you two. He approached softly,
movements gentle not to spook you or the child after having spoken with such irritation. You
inclined your head to look up at him, curious expression reflected in the black of his visor.

"Fine." He acknowledged at last, voice a murmur now. It was modulated through his helmet,
but the softness wasn’t abated. "But you have to promise me to stay inside the village and
keep your blaster with you at all times. Even if I'm here with you, understood?"

You nodded seriously, despite breathing an internal sigh of relief.

"You are not allowed to go tracking with me. If I'm gone, stay in sight of the other villagers,
the kid included. Do not let him out of your sight. Not for a single moment." His voice was
stern now, tone bordering on warning. You nodded again, holding the infant tighter in your
arms as if that would protect him. Still, you were glad you had managed to avoid Mando’s
frustration. Again, you had to remind yourself that he was likely concerned for you and the
child rather than being apathetic to the circumstances.

"Good." He spoke, and his voice was a low gravel in his helmet.

Just like that, a small flutter flipped over in your stomach. You blinked up at Mando, trying to
place the odd feeling. Mando didn't move, still staring down at you. Despite his intent gaze,



you didn't wither from his scrutiny. Instead it felt...oddly warm with him so close.
Comfortable, yet strangely anticipatory.

Your thoughts wandered, neither of you moving. He was still so close. Was he this close last
night while you slept? How did you bear it? How did you manage to sleep so well, being
back to back with his larger form beside yours? The hazy, almost imperceptible memory of
someone stroking a nascent hair away from your face resurfaced unconsciously.

Had he...?

A wailing, inhuman shriek made both of your gazes snapped to the village center. You
jumped at the sound, instinctively holding the child against your shoulder. Mando stepped
around you, quickly rushing in the direction of the scream. You followed close behind.
Before both of you could reach the clearing, shoes scrunching the grass under you, Ankau
appeared in your path, shoulders heaving with exertion.

"It's happened again." He gasped, form trembling. "M-my little sister...she- she’s gone."

Chapter End Notes

//looks at how long this chapter was supposed to be

//looks at how long it's become

//sweats

Good evening loves,

Remember how I was like 'I'm going to update once a week and keep myself to a good
schedule and make up for it with slightly longer chapters, probably around the 4.5-5k
word range'

ha.

This chapter alone is 5.8k words. I had a random burst of inspiration on Sunday
and...spent all day writing. ;w;

Sometimes self-care is you, your plotline, and your now 41k word fic.

Anyways, we're now into the Rishi arc, which was plotted with the help of Smellmeeve.
(Thank you dear for all your help!) There's a fair bit of world building in this arc, hence
the long chapter. I'm curious to know wat you guys think about this arc so far, so please
let me know your thoughts. Hopefully I haven't lost anyone by expanding canon a little
and putting our trio in some interesting circumstances.

Do you guys like this chapter length? Is it too long? Would you be okay with this kind
of length in the future? I'm curious to hear feedback on this chapter, given how info-
dense and long it is. Let me know!

I'm not sure when the next chapter will be, hopefully by Friday. I'll see you all then!



----

Follow me on Tumblr!




Chapter 11: Part Eleven: The Children
Chapter Summary

Traveling with Mando had proved to be interesting, exciting even. It spoke to your need
for adventure, the thrill of traveling places you had never been. Yet it was dangerous.
Traveling alongside two wanted fugitives meant you always had to stay one step ahead
of those chasing you.

Here, however, it was different. Once Mando tracked down and dealt with the hunter,
the village would be safe. It would be far, far away from the reaches of the Empire or the
New Republic. You could be free.

It was what you had always dreamed of.

...Wasn't it?

Chapter Notes

Tw for references to child neglect and child death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The sound of children laughing played in your ears, each voice a note in a greater ethereal
symphony. It sounded like sunshine, like open skies and the familiar touches of friends and
bedmates. You could hear voices spoken as if through water, the words unknown and faces
hazy in your vision. Your body felt heavy against the embrace of memory, soul floating
somewhere between dream and reality. Someone called your name, and you could feel
yourself rise to join your friends. Their small hands and outstretched arms jostled against
you against the distant tinkling sound of laughter. The cream, glowing light of your home
shone down on your small forms as you ran alongside them. You felt yourself smile, being
bounced between bodies as you wrestled and frolicked under the watchful gaze of your
guardians.

You thought your life would never be anything else than this. Endless days of roaming ornate
hallways and hiding from teachers, collapsing into piles of pillows together after you had all
exhausted yourselves. In the night, words were spoken with wonder as you watched holos
play under tented blankets. You were never cold, always a play fellow to curl against as the
sun faded. In the morning you all would rise again, each day the same but somehow
wonderfully new. It was the stuff of life, to carouse and play and be protected by the adults
who watched over you. Nothing could quite compare to the happiness your days entailed.



Then, the smell of smoke, the roar of fire, and your name screamed in an unending
catastrophic chorus.

You blinked slowly, images and sounds fading. The breaths constricting your chest slowly
evened out, and you began to discern your tumultuous thoughts from the world around you.
What dream was that? You didn’t have a memory of such a place.

"Are you alright?"

Blinking, you turned to the avian seated next to you. His large, owl-like stare peered down at
you worriedly. It took you a moment to place yourself.

"Mm." You nodded wearily. "Sorry, I didn't mean to doze off."

Ankau shrugged, and you could hear the rustle of his feathers. "You stayed awake for some
time last night, waiting for the Mandalorian to return. I can't blame you for lack of rest."

You nodded, thoughts still hazy. You hadn't meant to nod off, but the warm afternoon sunlight
in the village center had warmed your skin and allowed you a moment of respite from the
chaos of your worry.

Mando still wasn't back. He had left as soon as Ankau had spoken the news about his sister.
He had been gone all day yesterday. Even as evening drew dark against the horizon and the
burning sun had dipped below the horizon, he hadn't returned. You did as he said, kept your
blaster with you, stayed in sight of the other Rishii. Ankau had stayed with you, close by your
side well past dark.

You put the child to bed, listening to his small snores and steady breathing against your chest
as you rocked him. All the while your eyes scanned the rise for Mando's approaching figure,
waiting for his armor-clad silhouette to appear out of the jungle darkness. Eventually you had
given up, making yourself as comfortable as you could in the straw nest mattress you had
been given. It was only once you did that the sound of Mando's footsteps had brushed against
your senses.

He was tired, exhausted after chasing a fruitless trail through the forest into the night. You
hadn't expected him to come back empty handed, and the disappointment showed similarly in
the slouch of his shoulders. He hadn't spoken, merely checked on the child before folding
himself into a dark corner of the hut. You had offered him the mattress, but he shook his head
only once. You curled into yourself, feeling the whisper of night air tickle through your hair
as you fell asleep.

He was gone again by the time you woke up.

Ankau told you that he had left early that morning, well before sunrise. As quickly as he
appeared he vanished back into the jungle in search of his prey.

It worried you, this relentlessness. Yet there wasn't anything you could do about it.
Something had fixated him, and you were sure that even if you tried to break his
concentration and tell him to rest properly, he would ignore you.



So instead you set yourself to the things you could do. You fed yourself and the child,
watched him play, and kept him nearby as you occupied yourself. It would have been the
perfect time to tinker with the various issues on the Razorcrest but found yourself missing the
tools to do so. Instead you had found Ankau, who had offered a tour of the village.

It was larger than you had first realized. You had the disadvantage of not being able to fly,
and what you could see was limited by your height. The village itself had seemed not
particularly large from your view on the Razorcrest. Yet as Ankau had led you along the
secret winding paths that climbed into the hills, you found yourself thinking differently.

There were entire levels that you couldn’t reach. Rope bridges connected cliff-side nests and
huts. A waterfall on one stony peak fed the village's water supply. It had taken an hour to
climb up to see it, yet the sight was dazzling. The light hitting the water colored it like
encrusted kyber crystals falling from a stream far above.

You were unsure if Ankau was trying to distract himself, you, or both. He was rattled from
the day before, words often drifting into silence as his thoughts overcame him. You had tried
to talk to him about it, but he had simply insisted that Mando would be back soon, his sister
in tow. You tried to tell yourself that as well.

After your exploration had ended you, Ankau, and the child in your care had retreated to the
main clearing in the valley below. You were surprised to find a small group of children
playing there. A number of adults looked on, eyes simultaneously scanning the children and
their surroundings. You settled yourself on a nearby seat, allowing your charge to join in on
the fun. With the sound of children laughing, and the Rishi sun warm against your skin, you
found yourself nodding off until Ankau had awoken you.

"I'll rest after Mando comes back." You told the avian beside you with a reassuring smile.

Ankau nodded, and you could tell the mention of Mando's return had lulled him back into his
churning mind.

"I'm surprised that they're doing so well." You remarked, nodding to the group of feathered
children not far from where you sat. They had started an impromptu game of tag, which the
green toddler in your care had joined easily, toddling after with tiny feet.

"Children are resilient creatures." You blinked at the new voice, turning to place its owner.
You were surprised to find chieftain Arvod approaching you from your other side. "They are
like weeds, trying to thrive even in difficult circumstances."

You contemplated his words, eventually returning them with a soft exhale and agreeable
smile. Turning his attention from you to his grandson, his voice became more serious.

"You are to go rest, boy." He spoke, and you contained a humored smirk at his scolding tone.
"A warrior needs his strength. I shall watch over our guest in your stead."

Ankau bowed his head deferentially, muttering a pardon before making his way out of your
line of sight. The elder gestured to the empty seat beside you.



"May I?"

You nodded, scooting to make way for the chieftain. He settled himself with a heavy sigh,
legs folded under him almost perch-like. You watched as he looked after the small group of
children before you. While you had turned your eyes, someone had tagged the toddler in your
care, and you watched as he attempted to chase the much larger children, who remained just
out of his reach.

The sound of children laughing floated across your thoughts like the sound of tinkling bells.

“Children are stronger than you think.” Arvod spoke, drawing your attention. “It is their
instinct to survive, to chase life.”

You nodded, feeling a familiar pang in your chest at the thought. The memory of cracked, dry
alleyways and a constant, small empty stomach rose unbeckoned in your memory. You
chased it away.

"I'm sorry about your grand-daughter." You offered softly to the elder beside you instead. He
nodded solemnly, eyes closing with a soft sigh.

"She will be brought back to the tribe, of that I am sure." He responded in kind, voice
somewhat crackly with age. "Your hunter stalks the jungle like a Nexu. He will soon find
what he is looking for."

You tried to offer an agreement, but again felt the pang of concern over Mando's long hours
and single-minded focus. Had he at least eaten before he left? He came back last night too
exhausted to talk, let alone have a meal. You hoped he would find at least some trail soon that
would allow him a moment of respite.

One of the children had pretended to be caught, collapsing into a dramatic heap, and allowing
Mando's child to place a tiny hand on him. He cried out in mock agony, his woe-begone
shriek echoed by a chorus of laughter from his nestmates. You couldn't help but smile at the
scene, feeling a strange flutter of longing in your chest.

You wish things had been like this. Surrounded by a clan, a tribe to take care of you as a
child. The possibility of a litter of play mates was oddly bittersweet. It would have been nice
to have friends to grow alongside, to chase and be chased by in endless days of fun. You
found yourself longing for the peace the image brought, of sunshine colored days and warm
serene nights lit by the moon.

There were other orphans beside you on Kaddak. Like you they were bedraggled, hungry,
dirty. Wearing whatever they could find and trying their best to survive on a nearly
inhospitable planet. Like Arvod had said, they chased after the promise of a life worth living
for with everything they had within themselves. The strong ones, the ones like you, that is.

You remembered the kind ones, the ones who had offered you a corner of a blanket on rainy
nights, the ones who had shared the small bit of food they had. You wished you could have
had half a heart as kind as theirs. They were the ones who brought you small moments of
fleeting joy in an otherwise terrible existence.



They were the ones who didn't survive to adulthood, their kindness ultimately their doom in a
world where only the strong survived.

You had committed them to memory, engraving every benevolence of theirs to your being
and promising yourself to do the same once you no longer struggled to feed yourself, to stay
alive.

If they had been here in a place like this, perhaps you would have been able to see the people
they evolved into as they grew. You wished you could provide that for Mando's child as well.

"It's peaceful here." You found yourself saying, voice gentle. "I wish I could have lived
somewhere like this as a child."

“And now?” You looked back to the Rishii beside you, eyes tearing away from a child yelling
with laughter as they succumbed to their pretend chaser. You blinked, not understanding.

"Where is your place, then?"

You tilted your head at the avian beside you, brow furrowed in confusion. He only tilted his
head in return, large eyes gazing at you unblinkingly.

"My place?" You echoed, unsure. He nodded.

You sat in silence, letting the question turn over in your mind. You watched the children as
their game began anew, feathers flying as they danced just out of reach of the young boy
Mando's child had tagged.

Your place...

"I'm not sure I have one." You confessed, bringing your knees up and closing your arms
around them. "I used to, but I had to leave it behind." Your dusty but warmly lit workshop
appeared in your mind’s eye, the worktable covered in various half-projects.

You tried to think of the image of your dream, the peaceful everyday existence in a world far
from the Empire. You had seen a holo once of Naboo, with its endless lakes and ponds and
sunlit streets. You tried to imagine yourself there, tinkering with a droid or some electronic in
a warm workshop, the sound of water nearby. You had told yourself that you would go there
once you had paid off your debt on Kaddack. Now it seemed like a distant half-dream.

Traveling with Mando had proved to be interesting, exciting even. It spoke to your need for
adventure, the thrill of traveling places you had never been. Yet it was dangerous. You hadn't
forgotten the Imperial bounty on your head, the threat of a cell on a remnant starship under
the hostile gaze of stormtroopers. Traveling alongside two wanted fugitives meant you
always had to stay one step ahead of those chasing you.

Here, however, it was different. Once Mando tracked down and dealt with the hunter, the
village would be safe. It would be far, far away from the reaches of the Empire or the New
Republic. You wouldn't have to worry about hunters or bounties or the threat of
stormtroopers dragging you to an unwanted fate. You could be free.



You could leave Mando.

You blinked, the thought sending a cold weight sinking down in your chest for reasons you
didn't entirely understand. Absently, you lifted a hand there, letting it settle over your heart
and feel the thrum under your fingertips.

A life free from the Empire, peaceful and full of sunshine and the company of others. It was
what you had always dreamed of.

...Wasn't it?

- o - o - o - o - o -

Din had been walking since before sunrise, chasing the ghost left behind by the hunter from
the day before.

He had spent the majority of the day before doing the same. The villagers had been truthful
when they said that the abductor was a phantom. There were no traces to be found anywhere
in the immediate outside of the village. No trace of blaster fire, no signs of struggle, nothing
that indicated a forceful abduction. Even with his visor's sensors he couldn't discern any other
footprints sans the village hunters who set out into the forest daily in search of prey.

He had spoken to them briefly before his departure to try and understand exactly what had
happened. They couldn't offer him much more than he already knew. The children had been
playing the night before, and as the Razorcrest had touched down they had scattered in search
of parents and older siblings. The young Rishii who had gone missing last night, who learned
was named Aya, had raced down to the lower clearing to greet her returning brother.

She had never made it. Instead, she had simply vanished into thin air.

It didn't make any sense. No child just...disappeared like that. There was always a trace. Din
had managed to find her prints, and they indeed led down to the lower valley. The peculiar
thing was they had suddenly taken a turn halfway through her journey, as if someone had
called her. From there they led into jungle before just...stopping.

He had scanned the area for hours last night, trying to discern something, anything that could
give him a lead. Yet as the sun sank and darkness beckoned, he had lost whatever margin of
time he needed to gain the upper hand on the chase. Eventually he had returned to the village,
frustrated, and mentally exhausted at trying to find the edges of the puzzle that could reveal a
larger picture.

Your face appeared to him, weary and concerned as he tucked himself into a darkened corner
of the hut. Din had brushed off your offer of the bed. He knew that with a dangerous hunter
so close he couldn't truly afford to sleep. Instead he resigned himself to simply doze, senses
still awake and alert to any possible intruders or threats. Yet the sound of soft, steady
breathing from both you and the child had eventually lulled him into a restless slumber.

He had set out again before first light, following the village hunters into the jungle along the
well-traveled footpaths as they checked traps laid the day before. He had found the



occasional set of prints wander farther into the jungle, chasing them until they had eventually
doubled back.

So instead he had expanded his search range, wandering further and further into the
undergrowth in search of answers.

It was oddly silent this far into the forest. Din had spent a fair amount of time in jungles and
the backwoods of the outer rim and had grown accustomed to hearing the unending litany of
creatures great and small sing from the treetops, streams, and greenery around him. However,
the usual chorus of birds, frogs, and predators was uncannily absent from the woods
surrounding the village.

It meant it was more difficult for Din travel unnoticed through the dense foliage. He didn't
consider himself heavy-footed, having spent so much time training and practicing chasing
after unknowing quarry. Yet every crunch of dirt under his boots, every brush against the
ferns and hanging vines seemed to echo loudly into the jungle.

He had fallen back into his hunter's training easily, the quest of hunting down unsuspecting
prey second nature to him. He was chasing an invisible enemy, and it meant that he himself
had to be invisible as well. So, he moved carefully, stalking like a soft-footed predator. His
breathing was soft, muted even further by his helmet. He stuck to the shadows, careful of the
sunlit patches that would reveal his shining beskar.

There were still no prints, no indications of anyone having travelled this far into the jungle.
Yet this was the direction that the girl had headed before she had vanished, so there had to be
some clue. Din doubted that she had simply wandered off by herself. No, it was much more
likely that she had been lured into the woods. But by who?

No doubt the children of the village had been warned against strangers, warded away from
the edges of the village. They would have been tempted by something, someone, that they
knew well enough to consider stepping outside the village boundary. Din was becoming more
and more convinced that this hunter was a phantom only through blindness.

It was one of the villagers.

It was the only theory that made sense. None of the children would wander beyond the
confines of the village for anything less than someone they knew and trusted. The lack of
prints could be explained that way as well. After all, a being that had the ability to fly didn't
need to bother trekking through the dense foliage. By doing so they could leave no trace,
soaring above the trees with the child in tow.

For what reason someone would do as such, he didn't know. After all, what reason did any of
the villagers have to capture and abduct their neighbors' children? Members of their own
community? Din kept himself from imagining the worst. He had seen his fair share of
depraved individuals across the galaxy, and the thoughts of what could have happened to the
children pried at his thoughts like a narrow, piercing knife.

He shook his head once, trying to dispel the awful images that rose unbidden in his thoughts.
There was no use thinking about what could or could not be, it only distracted him from the



task at hand.

Children were precious in Mandalorian culture. In a society built around warriors, fighting,
and the fierce struggle to survive children were seen as a cornerstone of the continuation of
the Mandalorian way of life. Din had been taught as much as a child, raised alongside his
classmates and playfellows. Mandalorians belonged to a violent society in many ways. Lives
were spent attaining honor through battle and were often cut short be such endeavors.
Children were raised to be fierce warriors not only to achieve glory through their endeavors,
but to live a long lifespan and hand down their knowledge to the next generation.

Din knew that if a child had been abducted from the covert on Nevarro, the entire clan would
have torn the planet apart to find them. Though the culture on Rishi was different, the
principles were the same. Threatened by an existential enemy, the Rishii had retreated to
themselves in the mountains to survive in peace. Their children were the proof of their
continued survival against outside enemies. Din was not oblivious to the kinship he shared in
that regard.

So then why...?

He would need to speak to the chief again, have him confirm Din's suspicions so that they
could begin the hunt not just beyond the village, but inside of it. Din would still hunt through
the forest, trying to find any indication of where the children could have been abducted to. If
his suspicions were right, however, he would need eyes inside the village as well.

He had to do so without alerting the abductor, else he risked them taking flight and taking the
missing children with them. If he managed to find where the children were held, then that
would hopefully not be a problem.

It meant, beyond all likelihood, that he would have to use you as his eyes and ears inside the
village.

The thought unsettled him, even if he refused to admit it aloud. You had proven yourself
several times before, but each time had resulted in a significant risk to you and the child. Yet
you had no genuine experience. You knew how to shoot (barely) and knew how to defend
yourself, but to go on the attack, to chase down someone? Not only was he unsure about you
would be able to do so, he was concerned about the danger it put you in.

He tried telling himself he was only concerned out of fear for the child's safety. You were his
guardian while Din was gone, and thus any risk you carried was carried onto the child
himself. Protecting you as long as you were protecting the child was in Din's self-interest.

Yet somewhere along the journey you two had embarked on, Din had found himself
unwilling to put you into danger. Maybe it was the way you had curled around the child at the
waystation all those cycles ago, your concern for him despite the perilous threat to your own
safety. Maybe it was your determination to aid him despite being the threat of imminent death
on Hypori, or the way you had pressured him to help the Rishii villagers without any real
benefit to you or himself.



He had called you Cuyan, survivor. Not only for your unrelenting fight to stay alive, but your
determination to save those you could along the way.

That selflessness was a dangerous trait in a galaxy of selfish individuals who would gladly
sacrifice others for their continued survival. Yet that was the reason Din found himself drawn
to you in a strange, unbalanced orbit. It was mesmerizing in a way, a mystery he couldn't
fully unfold. He couldn't explain it, not yet.

It was for that unknown reason that Din tried to keep you away from the circumstances at
hand, had tried to prevent the three of you from traveling to a place haunted by this strange
phantom. Innately, he knew that by doing so you were risking yourself. Yet your
stubbornness had slowly revealed itself, letting you burrow under his armor and pull at his
thoughts in a way no one else had managed.

The time you two had spent together had closed some of the distance Din had constructed
between you. It had emboldened you, letting you take small strides towards him.
Surprisingly, Din had let you. As much as he tried to avoid it, to tell himself he needed to
take two steps back with every step you took forward, he found himself unable to do so. He
couldn't help the fascination that brewed inside him, the desire to know the person you truly
were.

The sun was high in the sky now, shining through the forest canopy and casting stark
shadows against the jungle floor. The blaze it generated bore through Din's metal armor. He
could feel himself dripping with sweat under his cuirass. Stars, when was the last time he had
a proper bath? He would have to find a time to sneak away and scrub himself free of sweat
and grime. Though if he was going to spend his days stalking through the thick jungle, he
wasn't sure how much good it would do him. The thought of a cold dip in a nearby stream
was...deliciously tempting, he had to admit.

As if answering his call, Din could hear the trickle of water nearby. He nearly sighed with
frustration. Now was not the time to indulge, not when he still had no lead on where the
missing children could be hidden.

...Though he could at least take his helmet off and get a drink.

Still ensuring his footsteps remained silent, Din crept his way over the source of the sound.
Against a sheer cliff wall there was a small but steady steam flowing down from the peak
above. It pooled just deep enough for someone to wade through if they wanted. Din had to
battle a moment of temptation, clothing sticking to his body like a second skin. Instead he
glanced about, ensuring he was the only person who could possibly be nearby. Then, with
great care, he removed his helmet and let his bare skin feel the warm sunlight against his
face.

Din discarded his gloves, feeling the chill of the water against his fingertips. Using his
cupped hands, Din drank down several throatfuls of water. The water was cold, having
traveled down from high in the mountains. Stars, he could swear it tasted almost sweet with
how refreshing it was. He scooped several more handfuls, splashing his face and pouring
some between his shirt and back.



He was so lost in how good it felt that he almost missed the scuffed dirt tracks right next to
his disposed gloves.

Din frowned, pausing. The water on his face dripped back into the pool, ripples lost against
the larger current. Instantly his thoughts were ripped away from the cool taste of water
against his lips. Hunting instincts overtaking him, Din donned his helmet once more, waiting
a heartbeat for the visor to click on and let him see the world using the built-in sensors.

He was right. There were two pairs of tracks, each distinctly Rishii. The four taloned feet left
behind unmistakable prints. At first he was inclined to believe it was simply a pair of village
hunters, stopping for a drink whilst out checking traps. Upon closer inspection, however, it
became clear one of the set of footprints was from a child.

A lead.

Din could feel the tension, the coil of his gut from the realization. Slowly, the pieces began to
fit together. Whoever the villager was that had abducted the children, they had flown away
from the village with Ankau’s sister in tow. Carrying a child was an arduous task, so they
must have set down to rest briefly before resuming their trip.

The fact that they were able to get so close to the village without alerting the guards meant
that they likely had some type of alibi to cover themselves. If Din had to hazard a guess, it
was likely they disguised themselves as a hunter. Gone for long hours in the day, they used
that time to travel back to their camp where the children were being held. Then they’d return
to the village to maintain their cover. All the while they could scope for new targets and feed
the rumors about a ‘phantom’ to avert suspicion from themselves. It was a good plan, he had
to admit. However, if the lack of prints, their ability to fly, hadn’t been part of the equation,
Din could have figured it out much sooner.

Before he could consider any further, a sensor pinged in his helmet. Someone was coming.

Din all but dived into the thick foliage, draping his cape around him to hide the beskar should
it shine through the ferns.

He didn’t have to wait long for the being to descend, broad wingspan briefly blotting out the
sun as they crashed through the tree canopy. They landed somewhere beyond Din's vision, in
front of him and somewhere to the right. Din himself was frozen still, not moving, barely
breathing in an attempt to keep himself concealed.

Then, all at once, they revealed themselves.

A Rishii, just as Din had suspected. They were dressed in similar adornments he had seen the
hunters wearing, with wood carved decorations and woven fabric. Similar to Ankau they
were a near bronze color, except the color was darker. A reddish tinge lit their shoulders as
they crossed a patch of sunlight. White colored their face and parts of their chest. They
turned, scanning for something Din couldn't see. As they did Din could see darker feathering
across their back and down their tail.



Din watched, equal parts focused and perplexed. So, it was a villager after all. But where
were the children? Why would a member of the village target their own community? It didn’t
make sense.

There was only one way to find out.

With the hand free of his cloak, Din snuck a hand down to his holster. The Rishii hadn't
spotted him, not yet. They were focused on bending down to dip a canteen into the cold pool.
A little closer and Din would be able to-

Then he stopped, mind catching up to his body.

If he alerted them now he risked them escaping. They could easily travel back to wherever
they had taken the children. With their flight ability Din wouldn’t be able to track them from
under the tree canopy. If they had a spacecraft on hand they could jump planet before he
could find out where they went. They’d be able to take the children with them and Din’s
ultimate goal will have been forfeited.

As much as his instincts demanded he spring on the Rishii before him, gun and blade drawn
to maim, Din needed to be patient. It wasn’t just this strange villager he was hunting, it was
the children themselves. He wouldn’t be able to find them without the person standing beside
the pool, bronze feathers lit by dappled sunlight.

So, he remained still, one hand obscuring his beskar with his cape, and the other laying
closely to his blaster.

The Rishii glanced around quickly, unsure. From his spot in the underbrush Din could see
their mind working. They were trying to figure out if their cover was blown, if their pursuer
was nearby. They scanned the edge of the clearing, eyes passing over his hidden form without
a second glance. Sloppy, Din thought to himself.

No doubt they were headed to the village, either to maintain their cover or try for another
abduction. Din doubted it was the latter. It was dangerous to attempt another kidnapping so
soon. They likely were going to try and seamlessly blend into the village so as not to arouse
suspicion.

They were headed back to the village.

The reality of it struck Din like a heavy-handed blow, and automatically his muscles coiled in
realization.

The child. His thoughts supplied in a dangerous whisper. Cuyan.

Chapter End Notes

Oh gosh.



I really hope I didn't mess up with this chapter. I was almost done editing last night
when I realized that parts of the ending scene made absolutely no sense. I spent all of
last night trying to write my way out of the box I had put myself in. So while I'm
satisfied with the rest of the chapter, the ending is...a bit sloppy. Fingers crossed I don't
have to go back and edit this once its already posted.

haaahhhhh...Oh well. Not completely satisfied with this, I went through like seven drafts
to get here. It's as good as its going to get. Hopefully this isn't too confusing. All I will
say is that Din's right. Not all is as it seems.

---

Follow me on Tumblr!




Chapter 12: Part Twelve: Deception
Chapter Summary

"I found the hunter." He replied.

"Are you hurt?" You questioned, hand raising to his upper arm before you could stop
yourself. Your palm rested on his upper arm, just under his pauldron.

He turned his head, seemingly studying your touch. Realizing with a flush that you had
broached an invisible boundary, you tried to withdraw your hand. However, Mando's
palm landed on your wrist before you could. You thought he would wrest your hand
away from him, but instead he simply held it there, contemplating.

His hands were calloused, you noticed. Worn from many years of work. You weren't
expecting the tanned, olive skin tone on his bare flesh. There were a few fibers of darker
hair across his knuckles. Unbeckoned, your mind conjured an image of soft, curly dark
hair under his helmet.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The sun was setting over the Rishi village. You had discovered that this was your favorite
time of day on the planet. The blazing red sun dipped below the mountain range, past the vast
ocean and into the sea. It left behind a burning trail of orange and pink clouds, and at the
elevation within the mountains the peaks scraped the bare bottoms of fluffy white cumulus
clouds. The humidity faded in the evening, leaving the air gentle and warm like a soft
embrace.

You silently promised yourself to take the child up to one of the hilly trails you spotted earlier
for a better view of the dying sun, just as soon as you were finished tidying up the Razorcrest.

After your conversation with Arvod, you had quietly retired yourself and the child into the
ship. You felt an odd urge to be close to it, as if somehow being within the confines of the
spacecraft could calm your churning thoughts. In an effort to distract yourself you quickly
had set about tucking away crates, removing rubbish, and trying to sweep what dirt you could
from the cargo hold.

The child had been happy to follow you, having exhausted himself after playing with the
Rishii children. You placed him on Mando's small bunk, occasionally offering him assorted
items for him to play with or inspect.

"Hey, careful with that." You called to the child, who looked up at you with a small 'euye?'
sound. Bending down, you removed a small screwdriver from the child's hands. He whined



after it, three fingered claws reaching for his taken toy. You smiled apologetically, a hand
gently resting on his wrinkled green forehead.

"Nope." You insisted. "If you poked your eye out Mando would be very upset with me."

The child huffed, but otherwise ceased his complaining. As you moved to restore the tool to
its compartment he began to babble at you, words babyish and unrecognizable. You chuckled,
bemused at his attempts to speak.

"Is that so?" You called back half-jokingly, listening to the toddler's gibberish reply. "Mm-
hmm, tell me more."

You half-listened to the words, moving about the hold and tucking away various supplies.
Despite the one-sided conversation, your mind was elsewhere. Your thoughts were still
snagged on the notion from earlier, the idea like a stubborn thorn tugging at your
consciousness.

You could leave Mando.

It was the perfect opportunity. Rishi was far outside the reach of any Imperial remnants, and
the village was remote enough that any off worlders would have no idea where you could be.
The chances of you being tracked down by a bounty hunter or any imperial intelligence was
next to none. The planet was beautiful, full of an endless ocean and towering cloudy slopes.
The village within that was peaceful, its residents friendly and compassionate.

You could see yourself here. Maybe you could teach some of the villagers repair skills or
become an educator for the children in the village. You could have your own home, lit
warmly by the Rishii sun and cooled by the mountain breeze. The days you spent here
alongside the villagers could be ordinary but fulfilling, each dawn a new lesson in your new
life.

It was what you'd always wanted, to some degree. Of course, there was a part of you that
longed for adventure, chasing the stars until their lights went out. You had always wanted to
explore, experience the worlds you had only ever heard about. That was a luxury you couldn't
afford, not while the scant fragments of the Empire still existed. A bounty was not something
you wanted as your shadow while traveling. There were many years to come, however. If you
waited long enough you could hopefully see the last darkness of the Empire extinguished,
and then you would be safe.

So then why did you have such a hard time convincing yourself?

You tried to tell yourself your doubt was silly. As much as you had begun to enjoy traveling
with Mando and the child, they didn't need you. Mando would likely be pleased to hear you
were settling down, and not have to worry any further about another crewmate being
attacked, poisoned, or otherwise injured during traveling. He'd go back to taking care of the
child like before, and you would have your ideal peaceful life.

You didn't even know if he actually enjoyed having you around, or if he just tolerated it. He
was always so hard to read. Not only because of the maskless helmet, but his movements and



lack of speech left you scrambling for some type of interpretation to his thoughts. Either way
you doubted he'd stop you once you told him you were staying. More likely than not he'd
nod, wish you luck, board the Razorcrest, and that would be that.

It made your chest ache with an odd pang that spoke of regret.

Regret, maybe, that you would never find out the strange connection between you and the
child. Regret for not uncovering the reason behind your Imperial bounty. Regret at not trying
harder to befriend Mando despite his brusque personality and gruff demeanor.

It was better this way, you told yourself. You were safe this way. Mando was better off
without you, not dragging around an extra bounty. This was the best way, the only way.

Yet your mind summoned the tangible feeling of Mando's arms around you while you were
poisoned, his back pressed against yours in the tiny inn bed. You could hear his voice when
he spoke your name for the first time, his small confession at the unofficial title he had given
you on Hypori. Even past that, you could feel the feather light touch of someone brushing
your hair away while you slept, chasing away the nightmare within.

You would never find out how he really felt about you.

You shook your head, realizing you had been hovered over the same box of med-packs for
several minutes. Blinking, you tried to dispel any lingering thoughts on the subject. There
was no use thinking about this now, not when there was still a hunter out there in the jungle.

Which reminded you-

A small cry had you jumping to your feet, eyes frantically searching for Mando's young
charge. He wasn't on the bunk. He must have slipped past you while you had been distracted.
Dank ferrick-

There, just at the mouth of the cargo hold. He hadn't even made it to the ramp. Sighing with
relief, you stood and followed him, reaching down to scoop him into your arms.

"Quit trying to sneak off." You scolded him quietly, but he wasn't listening, wide eyes
focused on the shadow at the foot of the ramp. You turned, nearly jumping in surprise at the
person there.

"Oh, hello." You spoke, eyes adjusting to the brightness outside. "Can I help you?"

It was a Rishii villager. One of the few blue tinged residents, in fact. You hadn't yet managed
to see one of his variety up close and couldn't help but silently admire his iridescent blue and
black plumage.

"My apologies." He spoke, his voice a low tenor. "I didn't mean to scare the child."

You shook your head good naturedly. "It's quite alright." You reassured him. "Maybe getting
spooked will teach this little guy that it's a bad idea to run off." You glanced at the toddler in
your arms, attempting to give him a disciplinary scowl. You did a double take upon seeing his
wide, fearful stare.



Before you could puzzle why he was suddenly so frightened, the villager spoke again.

"Is he the Mandalorian's?" He asked, tilting his head. You nodded.

"He is. An adopted son of sorts. I'm taking care of him while Mando deals with the poacher."

"I see." The Rishii replied, and there was something to his voice that you couldn't place. A
strange, almost unnatural curiosity.

You studied him for a moment, but he didn't seem to notice. Instead his eyes remained on the
child, who tucked himself against your shoulder with a small whine. You shifted
uncomfortably, unused to such scrutiny.

"Is there something I can help you with?" You asked tacitly after a long pause. The Rishii
blinked, eyes settling on your once more.

"Ah. I was hoping to speak to the Mandalorian." He replied easily, as if he had never been
staring in the first place.

You gave him a consolatory, albeit uneasy, smile. "Mando isn't back yet. I can pass along a
message if you'd like?"

The Rishii shook his head, and you listened to the soft flutter of his feathers as you did so. "It
wasn't important." He told you, and then reached behind him. You couldn't help yourself, a
strange anxiety settling in your stomach. You instinctively took a step back, which the Rishii
noticed and froze.

You worried for a moment that you had offended him, and thought you certainly did when he
eyed you with a hunter's stare. Then, movements slow, he produced a pair of gloves from
behind him. You studied them for a moment confused, and upon realizing what they were,
your heart plummeted to your stomach.

Mando's gloves.

"I found these in the jungle as I was out hunting." He spoke, and your eyes darted fearfully to
his owl-like gaze. "I did not recognize them as anything anyone in the village would own, so
I concluded they must belong to the Mandalorian."

Cradling the child with one hand, you shakily took the gloves with your other. You could hear
your heart thrum in your ears, the feeling of it beating away inside your chest momentarily
stealing your breath. You had never seen Mando without his gloves. Why would he be
walking around without them? Had something happened?

"Did you see him?" You asked the avian before you, and as much as you tried to stifle the
tremble in your voice, you couldn't quite seem to stop it.

"No." He spoke, and you glanced up to see him contemplating your nervous expression. "I
found these on a path. There seemed to have been...a struggle."



Again, your stomach seized, and you swallowed reflexively at the sensation. The child in
your arms snuggled closer to you, seemingly sensing your anxiety. Again, you could hear him
reach out through your mind, his small voice echoing your name uncertainly. You hugged
him tighter in one arm, clutching the gloves to your chest in the other.

"I'm sure the Mandalorian is fine." The villager spoke, but the reassurance in his voice didn't
quite reach his eyes. "I'm sure he will be back soon with the poacher in tow."

You nodded, feeling your heartbeat wildly in your chest. You ducked your head, avoiding his
raptor focused gaze. The child whined against your shoulder, shifting uncomfortably in your
arms.

"Thank you for telling me." You replied, voice slightly above a murmur. "I'll give these to
him once he returns."

The Rishii villager nodded once and turned to leave.

"Wait."

He turned at your voice, head tilted in consideration. You looked up at him, and for a moment
the anxiety in your stomach hardened into a stark resolution. You weighed your gaze on him,
and he returned it unflinchingly.

"Why didn't you go after him?" You asked, and this time your voice didn't waver.

If your question caught him by surprise he didn't show it. He blinked once, slowly, weighing
his answer.

"He's strong." He spoke, and odd intonation to his voice. Before you could question him
further he turned again, striding off in the direction of the village center. You watched his
back grow smaller until he eventually faded from sight.

It was only after he had fully vanished that you let out the breath you had been holding. It
flowed past your lips with a small whoosh, tickling the long ears of the infant in your hold.
He raised his head, looking up at you with a worried gaze. You summoned a wavering smile,
trying your best to ease his fear.

"Don't worry, Mando will be back soon." You told him, the words meant for yourself as well.
"I'm sure everything is fine."

Your words did nothing to ease the anxiety settled deep in your stomach, muscles tensed in
automatic preparation. Even so, you tried to project confidence in yourself. Mando wasn't
some rookie bounty hunter caught over his head. You'd seen him take out a bar full of
patrons, seen his blaster skills, and witnessed him take down a full ambush of Nikto pirates.
A single scuffle in the jungle was nothing to him.

Your role was unchanged. Take care of the child until Mando got back. So, you did just that,
busying yourself and trying to assuage your fears. You had finished tidying what you could of
the ship. Again, you wished for your tools so you could do more than sweep and pack



supplies away. Maybe you could convince Mando to do a pitstop at some point so you could
purchase some tools to fix his flying antique.

That was if you decided to stay. If Mando wanted you to stay. If he returned.

You frowned, mostly to yourself. This roundabout thinking wasn't getting you anywhere.
Sighing, you balanced your hands on your hips, looking outside at the fading sun. A cool
breeze wafted in from the open ramp, bringing with it the smell of salt and rain.

You paused for a moment, making sure that the child was inside the hold occupied with the
ball you had stolen from the cockpit controls. You inhaled deeply, letting the air settle in your
lungs before exiting with a sigh. Eyes fluttering closed, you immersed yourself in the
atmosphere of the village.

The village was busy. The hunters had returned for the day, bringing back their prey for an
evening meal. You could smell cooking fires, the smell of cooking meat mouth-wateringly
sweet. Friendly chatter and laughter floated from the village center. Creatures called from the
trees, signaling the end of a long day's work. The breeze rustled with fronds of the palm-like
foliage in the jungle, the round achingly familiar to the feathery swish of the Rishi's wings.

You swore you could feel the vibration of the earth under your feet, could feel the hum of the
planet teeming with life. An odd sense of peace settled over you. The energy of the village
and surrounding jungle whispered across your senses like the fleeting touch of a friend. You
wanted to reach out a grasp it, hold it close to you and sink into the peace it provided.

As soon as it came the feeling was broken by the heavy-footed approach of someone nearing
the ship. Your eyes flew open, and instinctively you retreated a few steps inside the
Razorcrest, hand reaching for the blaster in the back pocket of your overalls. You quickly
landed in the stance Mando had shown you, dominant foot balancing the majority of your
weight. You withdrew your weapon, eyes locked on the entrance of the cargo hold as a
formidable shadow blocked out the fading light of sunset.

Mando.

You felt your breath exit you all at once, relief flooding your chest. Before you could stop
yourself, you holstered your blaster and trotted across the hold to greet him with a bright
smile.

Mando's gaze snapped to you all at once, and suddenly you were being ushered inside, a hand
to the small of your back as Mando's visor swept the surrounding area.

"Mando?" You questioned, the relief in your chest quickly overtaken again by anxiety.

Mando didn't answer, and by his stance you could tell he was on high alert. It spoke of the
few times you had seen Mando in action, every fiber of his being taut with readiness. You
could imagine his eyes under the visor. Cold, calculating.

"Are you alone?" He asked, words short as he escorted you inside. Despite his hunter's focus,
his touch was gentle as he led you into the shade of the cargo hold. Once inside he faced you,



eyes still scanning the ship for something you couldn't see.

Your expression fell into unease at his actions. You had been worried about him being
attacked, and the relief had warmed your chest at his arrival. Now you felt as if someone had
poured ice freezing water over you, alarm rising alongside his abrupt wariness.

"I-I'm alone." You replied, trying to hide the sudden shake in your voice. "The kid is here too.
What-"

But you had lost his attention. Mando instead walked quickly away from you, pacing the
length of the ship. His fingers traced over the walls of the hold, eyes peering under
compartments and various fixtures. Before you could ask again he was climbing the ladder to
the cockpit, cape draping behind him as he went.

"Mando?" You called up to him, hands grasping the first few rungs on the ladder. Again, he
didn't answer. Panic began to mount in your chest. "Mando!"

"Is the kid down there with you?" He called back, helmet briefly appearing at the top of the
hatch. You nodded, and he vanished again.

"Mando, what's this all about?" You yelled up, only to be met with the sound of him moving
above.

Giving up, you turned to the child seated on the bunk behind you. He watched the scene
before him with wide, attentive eyes. You took him into your arms, though he mumbled a
small protest in response. The weight of his form in your hold comforted you somewhat as
Mando began to descend again.

As he reached the bottom of the ladder, you saw his shoulders lower an inch in relief. He
paused, as if collecting himself. Then he turned to you, stance now slightly more relaxed.

"Are you alright?" He questioned, and the tint of concern in his voice made you huff in
bewilderment.

"I could ask the same of you." You replied, bouncing the child in your arms. "Did something
happen?"

Mando shook his head once, and you were unsure if it was in reply or if he was clearing his
thoughts.

"I'm...fine." he replied at last, and you noticed the pause of his words. "I was...worried."

It took you a moment to stifle the surprise that rose on your expression at the softness in his
voice. You gave him a smile, albeit a nervous one. "We're fine." You told him, trying to ease
your voice soothingly. "I promise."

He nodded, and you could hear the almost imperceptible exhale of relief under his helmet.
Still, a thousand questions warred for answers in your mind. Did he have a run in with the
poacher like the villager from earlier said? Was he injured? Did he find anything, a clue
maybe? What had shaken him so badly?



Before you could ask, the green toddler in your arms tried to lunge out of your grip, reaching
for the hunter. Mando seemed a bit surprised, although he quickly accepted the child, who
cooed happily.

The sight warmed your heart once more. It wasn’t uncommon to see Mando with the infant,
but the delicacy in which he carried the toddler surprised you every time. It gave a small
indication of his softness in an otherwise foreboding figure. ”A twofold warrior heart.” You
thought silently to yourself, a small smile tugging at your lips.

There was a pause as you and Mando both seemed to realize everything was all right. You
were safe, Mando had returned, and for now the ship acted as a sanctuary to the three of you.
You could see Mando ease, the weight of the infant in his arms grounding him from the
shadows of paranoia in his mind.

"What happened?" You asked softly, as if raising your voice would set him on edge once
more.

Mando looked up at you slowly, tearing his focus from the child.

"I found the hunter." He replied.

You tensed automatically, body reacting before your mind could fully process. Your chest
fluttered with anxiety, beating feather light wings inside your ribcage.

"Are you hurt?" You questioned, hand raising to his upper arm before you could stop
yourself. Your palm rested on his upper arm, just under his pauldron.

He turned his head, seemingly studying your touch. Realizing with a flush that you had
broached an invisible boundary, you tried to withdraw your hand. However, Mando's palm
landed on your wrist before you could. You thought he would wrest your hand away from
him, but instead he simply held it there, contemplating.

His hands were calloused, you noticed. Worn from many years of work. You weren't
expecting the tanned, olive skin tone on his bare flesh. There were a few fibers of darker hair
across his knuckles. Unbeckoned, your mind conjured an image of soft, curly dark hair under
his helmet.

"No." He replied, voice taking on a sudden softness, and you drew your eyes to him once
more. "It was only at a distance." He responded easily, but his mind seemed to be somewhere
else as he spoke.

As if remembering himself, he let go of your hand and straightened. You let your palm rest
on your opposite shoulder, feeling the cool touch against your now warm skin.

"Have you seen a villager? One that was red-bronze, with white feathers?" He asked, and you
blinked as his tone once again fell back into an even, professional rhythm.

You shook your head. "No, I don't think so." You replied, trying to replay the day's events in
your head. There was a scant few bronze colored Rishii in the village, including Ankau



himself, but none with the exact coloring the Mando described.

Again, your eyes strayed to his bare hands. The palm that had held your wrist in a delicate
grip was helping cradle the long eared toddler to his shoulder.

Blinking, you remembered the pair of gloves tucked into your back pocket.

"Ah, someone did drop by earlier." You fished for the gloves, making sure to not withdraw
your blaster as well. "He said that you dropped these."

You produced the gloves, and the ease that had sunk into Mando's shoulder withdrew
instantly. Again, he hardened, the black of his visor glinting from the dim lights of the cargo
hold.

"Who brought these?" He asked, voice low and dangerous.

Your face fell, again puzzled by his abrupt change in tone. "A villager." You replied. "He
was...blue, with darker feathers I think. He said he was a hunt- oh, hey!"

The infant was suddenly pushed into your arms, and a hand snatched the gloves your grasp.

"Stay here." Mando barked, boots heavy against the floor of the cargo hold. "Go up to the
cockpit and lock it. Do not let anyone in, understood?"

“What?” You asked, flummoxed. “Mando I-“

“Now.” He cut you off, twisting to stare at you over his tightened shoulders.

You shrank a little, genuine fear washing over you. You weren’t so much afraid of the hunter
before you than his tone of voice. Mando hadn't spoken like that since the waystation past
Kaddak. It was not a tone to argue with. It meant nothing less than to run, to get away. It
warned of imminent danger should you not follow his directions.

You didn't watch as he bolted from the ship, eyes scanning wildly. Instead you spun towards
the ladder, dashing upstairs to follow his instructions. Hurrying the child into the passenger
seat, you slid and locked the door behind you. From the window you could see Mando sprint
in the direction of the village center, blaster drawn. The sight startled you, but you forced
yourself to breathe. Mando would be fine. He was more than capable of dealing with
whatever threat he was chasing.

You could only trust he would come back safe.

-o-o-o-o-o-

Din burst from the ship, your scared expression quickly replaced by pure focus on his quarry.
He switched on the visor in his helmet, easily catching the fresh tracks that led down from the
ramp towards the village center. Adrenaline pumping through his veins, he bolted after them,
blaster tight in his grip.



As he suspected, the tracks veered suddenly towards the edge of the village, disappearing
quickly into the jungle. Thankfully the Rishii he was following had yet to take flight, leaving
behind a clear indication of his path.

He had left his gloves at the pool. He didn't realize until he was already back at the village.
They were still wet against his fingertips. There was no way he had dropped them in the
forest. The only person who could have had them was the other hunter. He hadn't even seen
the Rishii pick them up. They must have realized he was hiding nearby-

Din cursed under his breath. He had underestimated them. It was a mistake he had made all
too often as a younger man and had learned dearly from it. The thought of them getting so
close to you and the child sent his blood boiling with deadly intent.

The tracks were hot now, descending into a gorge. Din skid downwards and quickly tucked
himself into the foliage, visor scanning the trees and surrounding jungle. They were close, the
tracks having absconded into the tree line.

Beyond all likelihood, the other hunter was watching him too. Maybe it was their intention to
lure him into the jungle like this, to try and turn the tables from prey to hunter. Din wouldn't
give them the satisfaction.

Silently, barely moving, he scanned the treetops. The jungle was silent, light fading quickly
in the dense forest. Din barely breathed, eyes tracing the branches above.

A flash of orange in his visor. There.

Before he could fire the flash of a muzzle caught his eye. He tucked into a roll, a blaster bolt
singing the fern that had shielded him just a moment ago.

Din rolled to a crouch, raising his blaster, and firing a shot at the avian. He was a moment too
slow, the bolt zinging past the place where the Rishii had stood a split second before. A
nearby tree trunk exploded into a puff of smoke. The abductor leapt upwards, further into the
trees. Din's sight followed them, another bolt catching the tip of their tail feathers. Stars, they
were fast.

He fired again, and though he was sure he had hit his target, the villager did not fall. Instead
they ducked behind a twisted trunk, waiting until his volley had ceased before firing back.
Din felt the impact of the bolts ding against his armor, the blow jarring him but ultimately
useless against the beskar.

Neither of them spoke, the rain of blaster fire enough words for their violent conversation.
Din advanced, avoiding a barrage of blaster bolts to tuck himself behind a tree. He could hear
the impact of the gunfire on the other side, plasma making the wood crack and smoke upon
impact.

Thinking quickly, Din bent and caught a rock in his grasp. He tossed it off to his right, and in
the moment the avian was distracted he emerged from his shelter, raining down a
bombardment on the Rishii's perch.



There was a small cry, and Din knew he had hit his mark. Yet when he again tried to advance
on his quarry, he was met with a round of plasma to the center of his chest plate. The impact
rattled him, but he remained standing. Instead of sheltering once more, Din stalked forward,
ignoring the sharp ping of blaster bolt to his cuirass.

Just a little closer, he told himself. If he could down them without killing them, he might be
able to find out the location of the missing children. If he could only get a little closer...

The barrage halted, and Din heard a single click as the other hunter adjusted their blaster. He
ducked behind a rock just in time, hearing the tell-tale whine of an electro pulse revving
inside the muzzle of a rifle. He cursed, the voice modulator muffling the words. His beskar
could hold up to plasma easily, but an electric pulse would send him reeling. Dank ferrick.

"Come out, come out, Mando!" A mocking voice called through the trees. Din grimaced.
"You'll have to do better than that to catch me!"

Din shifted, slowly, carefully. He turned over so he had a line of sight on the top of the gorge
where the other hunter was obscured by a thicket. They weren't running away, deciding
instead to lure him in and make a stand.

The second he moved from his hiding spot Din risked being electrocuted. It was a war of
patience at this point, one where the other hunter had the advantage. They could leave at any
moment, fleeing back to where they held the children without a single track to trace them by.
Din knew he only had one shot.

He rolled from his hiding spot, ducking behind another tree a split second before the electric
pulse landed on the jungle floor behind him. As the rifle recharged he emerged, a plume of
fire erupting from his gauntlet and causing the thicket in front of the other hunter to erupt into
flames.

The Rishii screamed in surprise, launching themselves upwards into the canopy. Din's sight
followed them as their wings extended with a burst of wind. Then, he leveled his sights and
fired a single shot into the branches.

There was a heartbeat where nothing happened, and Din almost thought he had missed. Then
there was a crack of a branch and a form hurtled down from the treetops, impacting the forest
floor with a dull thud.

Din paused, making sure the Rishii didn’t move and try to fire back. They remained still, the
jungle suddenly silent now that it was devoid of gunfire. Tampering down on the small sense
of victory rising in his chest, Din stalked forward.

Yet by the time he scrambled to the top of the gorge, the other hunter had again vanished,
retreating into the forest. Din could hear them crashing through the underbrush, likely too
injured to fly. The only trace that Din had hit his mark was the still glistening pool of blood.

Green blood.



Din paused in his movements, one foot hovering beside the blood stain. His sudden shock
caused him to momentarily forget the chase. Green blood wasn't indicative of a Rishii. The
avians had red blood, much like mammal-based species. So why-?

Realization hit him, the impact rattling him nearly as much as the previous blaster fire.

Slowly, the pieces began to fit together. The two different avians, the ability to sneak in
unnoticed to the village, the camp hidden somewhere deep in the jungle, the mysterious
disappearance of the children. It made so much sense that Din wanted to smack his helmet
against a tree trunk in frustration.

It wasn't a Rishii. It wasn't a villager.

It was a changeling.

Chapter End Notes

Ta-dah! Behold my surprise plot-twist for this arc. Bet you didn't see that coming, hmm?

It's been so long since I updated lol. Work, grad apps, financial aid apps, and spring
semester courses are fully kicking my butt. I was so burnt out by Friday I just gave up
and slept for 10 hours. I really had to push myself to get this draft done, and I'm not
completely satisfied with it, but I don't think it will get much better from here.

Wanted to give a comment shout-out from the last chapter to (and I can't get over this
username lmao) bighonkymommymilkers who commented the following:

"stealing children isn't nice

din will put your head on a pike

but you hide the children near

so your head din cannot spear

so in stealth he waits for you

oh this avian mystery he will slew

as he watches you sneak by sly and slick

oh my god, din thinks, what a massive prick"

Bc it made me wheeze for a good five minutes.

 

I also post updates/teasers to my Tumblr!

Thank you so much for reading! See you soon!



Chapter 13: Part Thirteen: Preparation
Chapter Summary

"It's...peaceful here." He said instead, thanking that the voice modulator stifled the
sudden rasp of his voice. "It's what you wanted, isn't it?"

You wanted to live peacefully. You longed for adventure. You wanted a mundane life
away from the Empire. You wanted to travel the stars. You wanted to let Mando go. You
wanted to know your connection to the child. You wanted to stay. You wanted to leave.

"What do you want?" You asked, eyes suddenly bright against the dull overhead lights
of the cargo hold.

...

"Do you want me to stay?"

Chapter Notes

Recommended listening for this chapter: https://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=Ux_GgPohL4g&ab_channel=L%27OrchestraCin%C3%A9matique (Put on loop)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The nighttime beckoned to you restlessly inside the Razorcrest. In its silence, the darkness
whispered with the silky promise of sleep and imminent threat of the unknown. You sat with
your knees curled to your chest, watching the sky above the mountains become revealed with
the dissipating clouds. Behind the veil of atmosphere you could see the arm of the galaxy
bend elegantly across the horizon above. The cool evening air chilled your skin, just cold
enough to make you shiver but not enough to sink into your bones.

Behind you, inside the ship, the child dozed peacefully. His soft snores were one of the only
sounds in an otherwise quiet camp. You wished you could also succumb to the soft embrace
of sleep, but your mind was far too awake with the revelations of the day.

A changeling, Mando had told you. A Clawdite. One of the few rare species of the vast
galaxy that could shape-shift. You had researched what little you could on the holonet
transmitter in the cockpit while Mando talked to Chieftain Arvod and his advisors. By laying
their hands on another life-form they could assume that person's appearance, and if skilled
enough, mimic their voice as well. You had no idea that such beings even existed. You had



seen a fair number of species in your time on Kaddak, but even then your education of the
wider universe was somewhat lacking. There were so many things you had yet to learn about
the strange galaxy you lived in.

What they wanted with the Rishii children you still had no idea. All you knew is that a raid
on the camp was imminent, with Mando leading the charge alongside the village warriors.
They had to leave immediately, running the risk of the poacher group lifting off and taking
the children to stars knew where. There was only one chance, and it had to be tonight. You
prayed that they would be able to get to the children in time.

Mando had announced the plan to attack to the village after he had returned from the jungle.
You didn't have even a moment to ensure he was uninjured before he was gathering the
village with the help of Arvod and Ankau. It was then that he had announced his discovery,
holding aloft one of his gloves smeared with the tell-tale green blood of the shapeshifter.
Mando had tracked the hunter back to their own camp, following the splattering of blood
from the wound he had inflicted. There he found the group of hunters that had kidnapped the
village children.

They were alive, thank the stars. That fact alone was enough to set some of the villagers
crying with relief. Mando would need a strike team to both subdue the kidnappers and rescue
the children. If it weren't for the children involved and the possibility of them being held as
hostages, Mando likely would have been able to complete the mission on his own. However,
their presence necessitated a full-fledged attack combined with the force of the village
warriors.

Mando and the hastily assembled strike team would need to leave immediately. Within
minutes of his announcement the village was buzzing with activity. Families dug out long
since forgotten armor for their warriors, abandoned since the raids on the settlements. From
your current perch atop the ramp to Razorcrest you could see more than one scene of families
sending their best fighter to help retrieve the children and hoping that they would come back
safely themselves. It was a dangerous mission, but one that needed to be done.

In the meantime, Mando sat meeting with Arvod and those who would be leading the attack,
Ankau included. Your newfound friend seemed furious at the revelation that the hunter had
been sneaking into the village for weeks disguised as one of their own and had been the first
to volunteer for the mission. His eyes blazed with a righteous fury at the thought of his sister
being taken from someone appearing to be her friend. You couldn't blame him. The thought
that the other hunter had been within arm’s reach of you and the child without you noticing
set a fearful bubbling fury boiling in your stomach. If perhaps you had noticed something
was wrong, had withdrawn your blaster, then maybe-

You shook your head, feeling the soft rustle of the blanket draped over your shoulders as you
did so. You had been right to do what you did. If you had engaged, you risked not only your
own life, but the child's as well. It was one thing if you were to get hurt trying to stop the
attacker, but if the kid had somehow been injured...

You didn't know when exactly you had gained such a fierce protection over the toddler in
your care. Of course you would defend any helpless child without hesitation, but this case
was...different. Again, you felt that strange pull at your senses, that odd feeling as if you



knew more than you thought you did. The more time you spent with the adorable alien infant
the more you felt as if this was not the first time you had met. When you tried to consider the
thought, however, it vanished. Like trying to hold smoke in your hand, it wafted and
disappeared.

Your thoughts were unceasingly restless. There was so much to consider given the relatively
brief time you had spent on Rishi. From Mando's changed attitude towards you to the case of
the kidnappings to the possibility of leaving the duo and never seeing them again...

A sigh escaped you as you bowed your head into your arms. It was only so long ago that your
life had been a simple one. Working long hours for little pay but being satisfied with a
mundane honest life was something far behind you now. Yet it wasn't so bad. The adventures
you had experienced so far were the stuff of tales from off-worlders, told with an eye glinting
of adventure. It made your current decision all the harder.

What was it that you wanted?

You perked up at the sound of boots crunching grass. A gaze cast upwards from your arms
revealed Mando slowly making his way back to the ship, emerging from the darkness beyond
the halo of light cast from the cargo hold. Beyond him the village hummed restlessly, torches
lit and casting a hazy orange light above the tribe. You could hear quickly called orders and
the constant movement of troops being made ready. Yet the world seemed to narrow,
tunneling your vision down to the Mandalorian in front of you.

The slump of his shoulders and slow gait indicated a fatigue you had yet to see on him.
Again, you were reminded that he barely slept the night before, having come back well after
dark and left well before dawn. He must be exhausted, you thought silently to yourself. Yet
still he was readying himself for battle, ready to retrieve the children no matter the cost. His
single-minded focus from the day before weighed on him heavily, sinking his shoulders and
slowing his step.

He paused at the bottom of the ramp, tilting his visor upwards to see you seated at the top
waiting for him. You returned his gaze, tired eyes mirroring his weary stance.

"The child?" He asked without preamble, and you could hear the tint of exhaustion in the low
vibrato of his voice.

"Asleep." You replied quietly, careful not to awaken the sleeping toddler.

Mando didn't move, eyes remaining fixed on you. You couldn't tell if he was considering
your words or you yourself. The soft, pale light of Rishi's moons shone down from above,
offering a dull glint of his beskar armor. In the silence that stretched between you two you
could hear little else besides your own breaths echoing past your lip and the slow, steady
thrum of your heartbeat.

Mando seemed to come to a silent conclusion to his thoughts, nodding once and beginning to
ascend the ramp. He likely had come to retrieve his pulse rifle, maybe extra ammunition or
blasters for the Rishi that could wield them. You rose, wrapping the threadbare blanket tighter
around your shoulders as he neared.



"I...wanted to talk to you." You spoke, feeling the feathery lightness of anxiety surface in
your mind.

Mando paused just as he was about to pass you, turning to give you his full attention. His
gaze weighed on you heavily, and you felt your heart flutter a bit at his stare. Taking in a deep
breath, you looked directly at his black visor.

"I want to come. I want to help." You spoke, voice resolute.

"No." Came his almost instantaneous response.

You blinked in surprise at the readiness and obstinance of his reply. You were expecting
Mando to push back a little, but his complete shutdown of your request had you taken aback.

"But-" You tried, only to be interrupted.

"No." He stated again, stressing the word in adamance. "You can't go."

You frowned, feeling a small prickle of irritation rise along your skin. "I was the one to
pressure you to take this job." You stated simply. "I think it's only fair that I try to help."

"You can't."

His words bit at you more than you were expecting, forcing you to nearly take a step back
from the shock of his voice.

"That's not fair." You spoke, voice trembling with a mixture of hurt and anger. "I was able to
take down that pirate on Hypori, I've been practicing my blaster skills." You tried to control
the frustration in your tone, without much success. "Do you still...think I'm just dead
weight?"

Mando's helmet jerked as if you had just taken a sudden step towards him. You could sense
the shock of your words aimed at him.

"What?" He nearly bit back. "What, no, I-" You could see him struggle to find the words
needed to speak.

Your shoulders slumped dejectedly. You knew it would have this outcome. You shouldn’t
have even tried. But Mando's previous frustration with you had nagged at you since the night
before. You wanted to help, you needed to help. In a way you wanted to prove yourself,
prove to you and to him that you could keep up and not slow him down. Maybe that way you
could justify trying to stay with him and the child.

"You're not coming because I need you here." he stated at last. You looked up, curiosity
overwhelming your surprise. "To protect the child."

Your prolonged pause of bewilderment allowed silence to settle between you two. Mando
tilted his head down to see you clearly. A long thin strip of reflection glinted off the darkness
of his visor as he did. Seeing as you had yet to speak, he continued.



"You protecting the kid is exactly why I need you to stay." He went on. "If-if somehow I don't
make it back, you need to keep the kid safe until you know for sure that the hunters have
been taken care of."

The thought of Mando not returning briefly sent a spike of fear through you, but not before
his words fully processed inside your mind. Realization made you widen your eyes, and a
cold shame washed over you.

"So...you do trust me?" You asked, voice small and almost bitter with the fear of his response.

Mando froze, not even breathing as he took in your question. At first you thought that you
had somehow asked too much of him, that he would suddenly widen the invisible gap
between you once more and say that he didn't. Instead you could almost see the moment he
also realized, how he came to a soft but undeniable conclusion inside his mind.

"Yes." he replied, and his voice was quiet but assured.

There it was again. That tone he only ever used with you. It was rare to hear his voice like
that, soft but certain in his words. You wished you knew the true depth of that tone, what it
truly meant. With each passing day the enigma of the Mandalorian before you seemed to
lighten, and slowly the hunter was revealed to you. Yet there was so much that you didn't
know, so much that you couldn't see inside his voice and hidden thoughts. Again, you
wondered what expression he was making under his helmet. You wanted to imagine that his
eyes were gentle.

You wished you could remain in this moment, one filled with a quiet uncertainty that set your
heart fluttering. The space between you both was warm, comfortable with the mutual
realization that the days of not trusting each other and being cautious of each other’s motives
were fading. It made your current decision all the more difficult.

"There's...something else." You spoke, and suddenly your mouth was dry with the words.
Mando tilted his head at you slightly, indicating you had his attention and regarding you
silently.

You swallowed, the next words you were about to say heavy in your throat. "I..."

You ducked your head, feeling a bitter emotion wash over you. Still, you grimaced and
summoned the strength to say: "I'm thinking of staying."

With your head bent you couldn't see the way Mando stiffened, couldn't see the way his eyes
widened under his helmet. He remained still, glad that the beskar could hide his surprised
expression.

He tried to rationalize your words despite his initial shock. It made sense. In fact, he should
have realized it sooner. After all, your goal had always been to find somewhere peaceful. Din
remembered your words at his initial encounter with you.

"I don't want to die." A desperate, scared voice choked with tears.



He had tried to tell himself this. You were just along for the ride, staying only until it best
suited you. Now that time had finally come, and Din found himself torn at the idea of leaving
you behind.

"It's...peaceful here." He said instead, thanking that the voice modulator stifled the sudden
rasp of his voice. "It's what you wanted, isn't it?"

You looked up at him again, forcing yourself to look at the black of his visor. Yet his question
begged for attention, and you found yourself unable to summon the answer.

Was it what you wanted?

"Yes." You forced yourself to reply. "No. I...don't know."

You wanted to live peacefully. You longed for adventure. You wanted a mundane life away
from the Empire. You wanted to travel the stars. You wanted to let Mando go. You wanted to
know your connection to the child. You wanted to stay. You wanted to leave.

Then, as if the veil had suddenly lifted, you blinked. You had been asking yourself the wrong
question this entire time. Your answer really only depended on one thing.

"What do you want?" You asked, eyes suddenly bright against the dull overhead lights of the
cargo hold.

Din paused. It wasn't often that he asked himself this question. His life previously had
revolved around not what he wanted, but what the Covert had needed. That was credits,
beskar, secrecy, survival. Then his mission became the child and keeping him safe at all
costs. Now with the addition of you, he had to ask himself once again what it was that he
truly wanted.

"Do you want me to stay?" You asked, voice nearly a whisper. You were afraid of his answer,
afraid of being left alone again. The years spent by yourself surviving were cold and bleak
compared to this warmth you had found traveling with Mando and the child. You didn't want
to die, yet you didn't want to be alone.

Mando looked at you, and to you it felt as if he was seeing you for the first time. You weren't
able to see the way his eyes softened under the visor, the slow blink of his brown eyes as he
came to an inevitable conclusion.

"Yes."

The breath you had been holding let loose from your lips with a soft sigh. You hadn't even
realized you were waiting for his answer with baited breath, but now at his reply you felt
your chest rise once more.

"Then, if it's alright with you, I think I'll stay." You spoke, words soft but assured now with
his affirmation. You smiled, the first genuine smile you had given anyone all day.

Din was nearly breathless with it. Again, he was reminded by the enigma that was you. That
fascination with this person that you were never ceased to amaze him. Out of all the people



he had met in his infinite travels, he hadn't met anyone quite like you. Your compassion, the
selflessness but intrinsic instinct to survive and desperate determination to do so was unlike
anything he had seen so far.

"That...would be nice." He replied at last, the words almost shy. "The kid...he- he uh, likes
you."

A look of bemused surprise crossed your face, and Din nearly wanted to kick himself for the
blunder of his voice. Instead your mouth puckered, and unable to contain yourself, you
laughed an almost breathless chuckle.

"I like him too." You replied, grin widening. Mando's awkward attempt to divert attention
away from himself was somewhat charming. "He's quite the character."

Mando nodded once, and you watched as some of the previous tension eased from his
shoulders. There was an amicable energy between you two now, one that made your eyes
soften.

Yet you were reminded of the reason he was here. This strange, peaceful moment between
you two was nothing more than fleeting. It was merely a precursor towards the conflict to
come. Soon Mando would vanish once more, stalking off into the jungle with a team of
fighters to his heels. You knew the only way Mando would return would be if they succeeded
at their mission.

A distressed look crossed your face, and you hugged the threadbare blanket tighter about
your shoulders.

"Are you leaving soon?" You asked, knowing the answer but nervous all the same.

"As soon as the warriors are prepared." Mando replied, voice still soft. "We'll attack while it's
still dark, try to surprise them."

You considered this. It was a good plan, one that depended on the poachers not expecting
Mando and the others to attack so soon. If they had correctly surmised they were coming,
then...

"Things might go badly." He said suddenly, completing your thought.

You bent your head, a grimace tight on your expression. "I know." You replied, feeling the
now familiar cold weight settle in your stomach.

"If anything happens, promise me you'll protect the child." And the way Mando spoke with
such sudden urgency made you jerk your eyes up to meet the black of his visor in surprise.

You opened your mouth to assure him, and then stopped, lips tight.

"Nothing is going to happen." You spoke, surprising yourself with the conviction in your
voice. "We're all going to be fine."



Mando paused for a moment, and then let out a small huff. You weren't sure what it meant,
but in some ways you were sure that Mando needed to hear those words coming from you.

"Promise me." He said again, and this time you nodded.

"I'll keep the kid safe." You replied, eyes glinting with determination. "I promise."

Mando nodded, and once again moved to walk past you. Your voice stopped him.

"But-" He turned his head, looking at you over his shoulder. You stood with your feet firmly
planted on the top of the ramp, expression serious. You could feel that same familiar gravity
settle onto your shoulders, let it weigh onto your words. "You have to promise to come back."

Mando regarded you, and you couldn't see the inkling of a smile under his helmet.

"I promise." He replied, surprising you with how easy his response was. In that way you were
certain he meant it.

You felt your shoulders relax, felt that uneasy weight in your stomach lift somewhat. Mando
turned once more, heavy steps leading further into the ship.

"Get some sleep." He called back behind him. "I'll lock the ship."

You nodded, following him with soft footsteps. As he climbed up towards the cockpit you
paused at his bunk, looking at the face of a softly sleeping child. His snores were the only
sound in the ship besides your own heartbeat and Mando's movement above on the second
level. One hand keeping your blanket tight about your shoulders, you used the other to gently
trace the curve of one of his ears.

"I'm glad you have people to protect you, little one." You whispered quietly so Mando
couldn't hear your voice. "I wish I had people like that when I was younger."

The child shifted in his sleep, pressing the wrinkled skin of his forehead into your hand. You
wondered what he was dreaming about. Maybe he remembered his family, wherever he lived
before Mando had found him. For all you knew they were still out there.

You grazed a thumb over his brow, eyes soft with affection. You wished you could rest
peacefully as well, not knowing the chaos that would ensue in just a few hours. You were
certain Mando would return, but the possibility of that not being true sent an unprecedented
fear through you.

You weren't sure if you could do it alone, protecting him the way Mando had done thus far.
You weren't a warrior, you could hardly aim a blaster straight. It wasn't just the child that the
empire wanted, it was you as well. To protect both him and yourself was a responsibility
more than you could imagine bearing. Yet you knew if it came down to it, you would save the
child over yourself, fulfilling the duty Mando had asked of you.

Footsteps above signaled his return, rungs ringing upon contact with his armor as Mando
climbed down the ladder. You turned just as he landed on the floor of the cargo hold, figure



turning to face you. On his back was strapped the pulse rifle, the weapon large but not as
much so against his broad frame.

A moment of silence stretched between you two. You weren't sure what to say, really. 'Good
luck' didn't seem appropriate for a man of his skill. Nor did 'be safe' or anything similar.

"Good hunting." You said at last, offering a small smile.

Mando nodded once, turning to the mouth of the ship. He paused, waiting for you to follow
him. You did, a bit unsure at his gesture. Your footsteps echoed across the hold, seemingly to
only sound in the world before you stood atop the ramp leading outside.

"This panel." Mando spoke, a hand briefly touching the wall of the ship where a small array
of buttons and indicators were housed. "As soon as I leave, engage ground security protocol.
Nothing will get through as long as those doors remain closed."

You nodded, feeling a shiver run through you at the seriousness of his voice.

"Do not open the ship for anyone other than me." He continued, facing towards you now.
"The changeling could be anyone."

You nodded, summoning a grim look of determination to your face. Mando turned to leave
but hesitated as his eyes lingered on your form.

There was an uncertainty to his posture, some internal conflict you could not understand.
Before you could ask he raised a single gloved hand and let it settle gently on your shoulder.
You were expecting the weight of it to be heavy, a warrior's grip. Instead it was
extraordinarily gentle, as if Mando was afraid to leave the whole heaviness of his palm
against your form.

"Protect the child." He spoke, and your eyes widened both at his touch and the tone of his
voice. Gone was the gruff, almost apathetic hunter. Nor did he sound of the strange tone that
he spoke in when it was just the two of you, soft and quiet in the silence of the Razorcrest.
This was the voice of a Mandalorian, a warrior raised to fight for survival of not only
himself, but his entire creed. The conviction and command in it made your lips part in
surprise and awe.

"I'll be back." Mando said in that same voice. Within an instant he was gone, striding down
the ramp towards the village center. In the distance you could hear a warrior's cry, echoed by
other shrieks pierce loudly into the night sky. Mando walked in their direction, moonlight
glinting off the armor on his shoulders. Absently, a hand pressed the panel beside you, and
the ramp began to ascend.

The last glimpse you caught was the shadows of the torch fires flickering against his form,
and the figures of other warriors waiting for your hunter to join them in the march towards
battle.

Chapter End Notes



This chapter is so soft I'm-

I wanted a little bit of an interlude before shit really hits the fan in the next two chapters.
Din and MC deserve that much. It's interesting seeing them develop as I continue to
write, watching them interact and become more comfortable with each other. This
chapter is a big milestone for them. Of course we'll see how that goes in the next two
chapters as this arc concludes huehue.

Thank you to everyone who reads, comments, bookmarks, and subscribes to this fic.
This really has become my outlet in quarantine. Imagining Din and Reader going on
adventures and progressing as characters really gets me out of my headspace when it
comes to lockdown. Seeing everyone's feedback just makes my day so much better all
the time. Thank you.

See you next weekend!



Chapter 14: Part Fourteen: The Counter Attack
Chapter Summary

It wasn't him. It wasn't him. You tried to repeat the thought as you planted yourself in
between the hunter and the ramp, one hand reaching behind you to grasp the blaster in
your back pocket. Mando wouldn’t speak to you that way. His firm, at points awkward
wording would never reek with such hostility. Even if he had deemed you a threat, his
words wouldn’t mock you so cruelly.

It wasn’t him.

Yet Mando's tall, broad form stood across from you, helmeted gaze peering down at you.
For a split second you were reminded of the terrifying image of the Mandalorian staring
down at you as you tried desperately to hide from him in the cargo hold all that time
ago. His dark, warning voice echoing down at your horrified face.

Chapter Notes

This a long boi, I recommend you get some snacks bc this bby is almost 8k

Also sorry in advance....>:3c

EDIT 2-18: I made some small edits to this chapter for clarification. Please go back and
read again to get the full story. :)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The nighttime jungle of the tropical planet teemed with nocturnal life as Din and the others
slinked through the shadows with an agile silence towards their target. Din moved at the head
of the pack, listening to every footstep behind him in hopes that the sound wouldn't be heard
by invisible enemies lurking in the forest. The darkness around them was only occasionally
broken by a faint beam of moonlight through the thick tree canopy, where Din would look
back to see a group of warriors twenty strong at his back.

The Rishii moved with a subtle elegance through the dense foliage and underbrush,
accustomed to years of stalking prey from the trees and lightly trodden forest pathways. In
many ways they were more suited to this mission than Din himself. The jungle darkness
clung to them like a second skin, covering all but reflective yellow eyes peering from the
darkness.



It had taken time to assemble the group that would raid the camp. There was only so much
time before the group ran the risk of the poacher and his team taking flight. Still, moving too
quickly through the jungle would alert the enemy of their presence. So, they were forced to
move slowly, silently, like Nexu creeping over gnarled roots of trees and through ferns with
bright eyes locked on their prey.

Din was only able to get a cursory look at the camp before he had bolted back in the direction
of the village. He had been right in suspecting that there was more than one poacher at play.
The enemy had more than a dozen camp guards, watching over a small sized freighter and a
number of cages. He had caught a single glance of the Clawdite, appearing as the leader of
the group, before they wandered into the ship.

If the children weren't involved, Din would have been able to handle this on his own.
However, he ran the risk of being surrounded when one of the poachers inevitably used one
of the Rishii children as a hostage. He had told the group following him as much before they
set out.

They had three objectives. Free the children, disable the freighter, and find the Clawdite
amongst the enemy forces. While the warriors would handle the camp guards and the first
objective, Din took it upon himself to handle taking down the ship. The most challenging
task would be finding the shapeshifter in a crowd of enemies. The only way to find out would
be to injure and subdue each possible suspect until the Clawdite's endurance ran down from
their injuries and they reverted back to their form.

That was, assuming that they didn't somehow shift into one of the warriors at his back.

It was Ankau's idea to have the warriors smear their feathers with pigment to differentiate
themselves from any possible imposters. It was a smart plan, one that depended on being able
to see in the thick darkness of the jungle. Din himself couldn't boast that ability, but the raptor
like beings around him could see clearly even within the inky blackness. Din's visor did allow
him a semblance of that vision, but not enough to distinguish an imposter from one of the
attacking forces. He likely wouldn't know the Clawdite was attacking him until it was too
late. It was a risk he had to take to complete the mission.

The incessant hum of life in the jungle, with its nighttime creatures and fireflies lighting the
otherworldly growth along the mossy slopes and gnarled branches, dulled as they neared the
camp. As if sensing the danger there, the chorus of insects and calls of creatures from the
forest canopy quieted. Instead they were gradually replaced by the noise of the camp. Even
without seeing the landing sight atop the rocky gorge, Din could hear the movement of cargo
being shifted to the freighter and the chatter of camp guards.

He paused, and Ankau plus the warrior commander paused beside him. Within an instant the
presence of those behind him vanished as the Rishii sank into the shadows of the forest. As if
not even being there in the first place, the Rishii became the jungle around them, blending
into ferns, rocks, thickets, and branches. Din paused, feeling the silent readiness of those
around him. Then, with a rapid series of hand signals, the group began to shift again.

Dividing into three smaller groups, the warriors slowly began to surround the encampment.
Din himself made his way around to the back of the camp, tucking himself against rocky



outcrops and dense foliage to hide his figure. Alone now, he circled around to the soft slope
on which the freighter was set down. There, in the dark shadows of the nighttime forest, he
waited.

In the breath between what happened next Din settled himself, dropping back into his years
of training. The weight of his armor on his shoulders, the grip of a knife and blaster in hand,
the warm breath inside his helmet coalesced into a single battle-driven focus. Muscles coiled
like a predator in wait, Din peeked his head above the rise to watch for the signal.

Like a missile aimed at the sky, a single torch lit arrow whistled into the treetops. Within
moments warriors emerged from the shadows of the camp with a series of rallying, shriek
like cries. Like phantoms given life, the Rishii appeared almost out of thin air, shedding the
forest like a second skin, and launching themselves at the camp guards.

Din watched as the camp quickly dissolved into chaos. The poachers scrambled for their
blasters and weapons, panicked shouts overridden by battle screams. The flames from the fire
pit spilled outwards from a misstep, and soon the camp was lit not only by the patchy
moonlight from above, but by the orange haze of the growing sparks.

It was at this moment that Din stepped forward from his hiding spot, using his whipcord
gauntlet to snag the closest guard, dragging him forward before he could react. The guard
screamed in surprise, scrambling for purchase against the lush forest floor as he was dragged
into the jungle shadows. Din never gave him the chance, firing a single unblinking blaster
shot at the man's chest.

He didn't wait for the guard to still, pressing onward into the fray. The camp was utter
pandemonium now, filled with flying arrows, the whistles of blaster fire, and hastily barked
orders from both sides. Din watched as one guard fired upon a village warrior, only to have
another swoop down from above and carry him off into the trees.

Shoving, kicking, and slicing his way through, Din was able to punch a hole towards the ship.
Not even two steps inside he was greeted by a row of cages along one side of the cargo area.
There stood a camp guard, blaster leveled at Din's chest plate. Behind him Din could see the
wide, scared eyes of several children from behind cage bars.

Fury quickly giving rise to bloodlust, Din didn't even flinch at the blaster bolt that impacted
his beskar. With one hand he knocked the muzzle to the side, and with the other he brought
his vibroblade up into the man's ribcage. Heart racing, Din waited for the moment when the
guard stopped struggling to pull his dagger back.

Quickly, he spun towards the children, only to watch as they shrank in fear. Realizing how
much of a threat they likely saw him as, Din stashed his blade and held out his hands
placatingly.

"I'm a friend." He spoke, voice rough through the vocalizer. When the trio of wide-eyed
children didn't relax, he repeated the word, one hand pressed to his armor. "Friend."

There wasn't any more time to waste. Din gave the cage lock a quick once over, and realizing
he couldn't unlock it quickly, withdrew his blaster. This caused one of the two boys to



scream, hiding himself behind the tallest child. Din leveled his aim at the cage lock, but not
before a single pair of footsteps behind him alerted him.

Din spun just in time to avoid a swipe of an electro staff from an incredibly angry Weequay.
The blade connected with the cage bars with a shower of sparks. Din side-stepped the next
lunge as well, ducking under and bringing his fist up to catch the alien's jaw. This caused his
attacker to momentarily fall off balance, giving Din the time he needed to kick him
backwards towards the hallway leading to the cockpit. The alien stumbled backwards, losing
the grip on the electro staff in the process. However, he was able to catch himself on the
archway and lean into his fall, bringing a leg up to kick Din squarely in the chest.

The impact forced Din's breath from his lungs and made him stumble back a pace. This gave
the Weequay the opening he needed to run low at Din, tackling him square in his center of
gravity and forcing him to tumble down the ramp of the ship with the Weequay in tow.

Despite this, Din was able to retain his grip on his blaster. When he landed he was on his feet
in an instant. Within a heartbeat Din planted a heavy boot on the back of the Weequay, using
the butt of his blaster to strike the back of the alien's head and render him incapacitated. From
there he raced back up into the freighter, surprised to find the ship hum under his feet. They
were trying to take off with whatever children were already aboard.

He bypassed the cage with the children, racing instead in the direction of the cockpit. As he
suspected, the ship's engines began to sing as he clambered up a ladder to the second level.
There he was met with a broad Zabrak, who hunched with his fists up. Din paused, looking
past him at the cockpit door that the alien was guarding. Then, sighing in impatience, he fired
at the poacher. The alien reeled backwards, giving Din the chance he needed to knock him off
the walkway and into the engine compartment below.

He fired twice at the panel for the cockpit door, watching as the door slid open halfway and
then jammed. Muttering a curse, Din braced himself and began to drag the door open bit by
bit, listening to the panicked shouts inside. Once the door was halfway a volley of blaster
shots poured from the crack, singeing his fingers. The ship rumbled to life under Din's feet,
and with renewed urgency Din poured his strength into the door. Finally, with a groan, it gave
way.

Using his flamethrower to mask his approach, Din was able to quickly dispose of the two
pilots inside. Then, bending over the flight controls, he raced to power down the ship before
it began its launch sequence. The ship’s revving engines cut off with a whine, and with a
strong twist and pull, Din freed the ignition lever to prevent it from starting once more. From
the cockpit window he had a view of the clearing, where the tide had turned in favor of the
Rishii forces.

No time to waste now, Din doubled back to the cargo storage. Practically launching himself
down the ladder, Din raced back towards the cargo hold. One of the children in the cage had
begun to cry. Again, Din leveled his blaster at the lock. The children's alarmed scream was
muffled by the bang of the plasma connecting to the electronic panel, forcing the cage to
spring open.

The three inside were terrified, so Din moved slowly, carefully so as to not alarm them.



"It's okay." He spoke softly, reassuringly whilst beckoning them forward. "You're safe."

The tallest and presumably eldest of the three gingerly stepped forward, still holding onto the
hand of the boy beside him. Din again gestured towards himself, trying to convince the three
that it was safe to leave. It took a moment, but soon the two boys found themselves in the
cargo hold. The little girl, however, cowered towards the back, hiccupping hysterically. Din
reached in to try and guide her out, but with a frightened scream her talon's ripped through
his glove, not scratching him but tearing open his glove nonetheless.

Din cursed in surprise and tried to contain his impatience. As much as he wanted to drag her
out and shoo the three in the direction of the tree line, anything more would probably
traumatize the poor thing. Before he could do anything else, the older boy stepped back
towards the cage, speaking in a low voice and offering a hand to the girl. Din couldn't
understand his native tongue, but the words seemed to sooth the child and after a moment of
hesitation, she reached out and allowed herself to be guided from the cage.

Now with all three free, Din quickly stepped in front of them, blaster drawn. The fighting had
drawn itself to the edge of camp, leaving the space around the ramp mostly clear. Still, being
cautious, Din did a sweep of the area before gesturing the children down and pointing
forcefully at the jungle. Thankfully, they managed to get the message and darted quickly into
the foliage. Before vanishing completely, the eldest boy turned back and called out in Basic:
"Thank you!"

No sooner had Din turned back to the fray that he saw a shape move at the edge of the fire-lit
clearing. As the Rishii warriors quickly turned the tide, children springing from cages and
running for the shadowy darkness of the jungle, a lone figure struggled towards the tree line.
In his arms was a single child, oddly pink feathering lit in a rosy hue by the orange light of
the growing blaze. She wiggled against the man, crying out desperately in a squawk of fear.

Din was making his way towards them before he could fully process the scene. Blaster drawn
and aimed, he didn't hesitate to shoot down anyone in his path. A single-minded fury lit
inside him, skin crawling with rage at the sight of someone trying to harm one of the children
he had agreed to find and protect. The red-orange light of the fire flickered ominously off his
armor, shapes dancing menacingly at his periphery as he stalked forward with a single intent.

The little girl's gaze turned towards him, eye widening in fear and hope as Din knocked aside
one bloodied combatant with his pauldroned shoulder. She cried out something in her native
language, akin to a cry for aid. The man who held her merely pressed the muzzle of his
blaster harder against her scalp, uttering a curse. Another Weequay, Din could see as he drew
closer. Now standing at the edge of the camp, teetering on the edge of the jungle, Din
watched as the poacher realized he was being followed. Gritting his teeth, the alien raised a
blaster and fired at Din. The beskar armor didn't even scratch as Din approached, feeling his
blood roil at the true terror on the child's face.

Another shot, this one going wild as the poacher panicked. It caught Din on the upper arm,
and he cursed as he felt the plasma burn a hole along the edge of his bicep, just grazing him.
He briefly clutched his arm, and then turned his gaze once more on the retreating pirate.
Tempering down his rising anger, Din tried to keep calm as he leveled his blaster. The pirate
merely hoisted the girl in front of him, covering his torso and neck. The child whimpered,



arms trying to cover her face. Din's aim was true, however, and soon a shot rang out, causing
the Weequay to drop his weapon as plasma scorched a hole in his hand.

With his grip loosened, the child wiggled free, running towards the Mandalorian, and
cowering behind him. Din was momentarily distracted by her escape, leaving enough time
for the man to retrieve his knife and rush him. Shocked at the man's speed despite being
injured, it was all Din could do to push the child out of the way behind him before the blade
caught him across his exposed hand. He grunted, both at the sudden bloom of pain and
surprise at being caught off guard.

However, his opponent's next jab was sloppy, overextending past himself. Din was able to
grab his arm with a sidestep, twisting out of the way and disrupting the man's balance at the
same time. With a pull the man stumbled, giving Din a chance to kick out one of his legs and
force him to a kneel. Twisting his wrist with a deft snap, the man cried in pain and dropped
the blade in his grip as his arm cracked under Din's grasp. He tried to push Din away with his
free arm, but the Mandalorian was steadfast. Instead Din leaned his weight onto the man,
descending with a knee between his shoulders as he fell onto his front.

Blaster still in hand, Din pointed the muzzle directly at the back of the man's head. However,
his gaze caught sight of the girl, hiding but still nearby as she trembled behind a fern. Din
pursed his lips and instead brought down the butt of his weapon across the crown of the
man's head, feeling him go limp with unconsciousness.

Chest still heaving, Din kept his knee across the man's spine until he was sure his opponent
was unconscious. Still, the man's form didn't fade, and Din became certain that this was not
the Clawdite hunter he had previously encountered. He holstered his weapon, taking a
moment to inspect his injured hand. It was a shallow cut, the blade just barely managing to
slice past his flesh. A thin red line oozed from the cut, the color dark in the dimness beyond
the camp.

A rustle alerted him, and again Din drew his weapon. However, his target merely ducked
behind the fern again with a small, frightened whimper. Din felt himself relax somewhat,
muscles still coiled in case of an attack from the darkness. Up the hill on the bluff, the battle
seemed to be lessening, the previous chaos quieting as the Rishii warriors hunted down the
remaining poachers in camp. Din rose, releasing his hold on the poacher below him. He
grasped the alien by the back of his jacket, beginning to haul him up to where his comrades
had likely been captured.

"Wait!" A small voice called out, and Din turned to the girl obscured by the shadowy foliage.
She pointed with a trembling hand to the injury on his hand.

She rattled something off in Rishii, and when Din failed to understand she pointed to the
blaster wound on his arm. "Hurt?" She asked, stumbling over the foreign word.

Din glanced down to the wound, still oozing blood. "Fine." He told her, face turning back up
to her small frightened gaze. He pointed at her in turn, echoing her question. She shook her
head, and instead slowly stepped from behind her hiding spot. Din remained still as she
approached hesitantly, steps stuttering as she neared. Din felt himself ease, trying not to
appear intimidating to the traumatized child.



She pointed to the poacher, his jacket still grasped in Din's hand. She uttered a word Din
didn't understand, and unable to summon the translation in Basic, she made a choked motion
with her talons. Din shook his head to indicate that the man was not in fact dead, and she
relaxed. Instead she hesitantly reached out, touching Din's injured hand with a crestfallen
expression. Before Din could stop her, she turned her face up to him. She spoke again, and
Din shook his head to indicate he didn't understand. She paused for a moment, and with
stuttering, baby-ish syllables, she spoke.

"T-thank..y-you." Din nodded once in reply, but the girl didn't budge. He jerked his head to
the forest, and after a moment the girl understood his meaning, scampering back towards the
shadows and hiding until the coast was clear. Din gave her a final glance and began
ascending the slope once more, hauling the poacher behind him.

Upon reaching the top, Din was greeted with a scene of victory. The Rishii warriors had
triumphed, crowing in success. The fire had been contained as well, though some embers still
licked at the beaten down grass of the clearing. Near the fire pit a small cluster of poachers
turned captives sat or lay prone. Two warriors worked to bind those not already bound. Near
them sat Ankau, his warrior paint smudged from the struggle. Beside him sat an older
warrior, one of the hunters Din had originally encountered. His paint too, was smudged but
still present. Ankau winced as a bloodied wing was tended to by the warrior beside him, then
turned his face to his approaching ally.

"Mandalorian!" He exclaimed, rising and puffing his chest with pride. "We have won!"

Din nodded, dumping his captive's form near the small group of prisoners. He traced an eye
over them, but none seemed to be uninjured enough to be a Clawdite in disguise. Even
beaten, a shapeshifter would be unable to maintain their form.

"Have you found the changeling?" Din asked, turning back to the young warrior. Ankau
shook his head.

"No, I fear they may have escaped.” He replied, the victory fading from his expression.
“They are not among us, at any rate. All the warriors still have their paint, and they don't
seem to be among the prisoners. Perhaps they touched one of our warriors and instead took
flight?"

Din frowned, feeling a persistent uneasiness nag at him. He wouldn't put it past the other
hunter, but even then someone had to have seen them transform, shifting soon after touching
one of the Rishii fighters. It could be that they were still hiding somewhere within the camp,
waiting to ambush someone and shift again to escape.

"Have the camp searched." Din nodded at Ankau. "We're not leaving until we find them."

Ankau nodded, turning and speaking to the warriors present. A small conversation ensued,
and Din again turned to his thoughts. Maybe the hunter had shifted into one of the other
poachers, slinking away from the camp to hide in the trees until light, and then try to salvage
their ship. If that were the case a group would need to remain behind to try-



"Ankau!" A small voice cried from the tree-line, and soon a small downy shape bolted into
the firelight, racing towards the older Rishii. Din stepped in front of the avian just in time,
blaster drawn in readiness just in case the Clawdite made an attempt at his ally.

"Wait!" Ankau called from behind him, pushing Din out of the way to kneel and receive the
child with open arms. The little girl fell into his hold, sobbing with joy and relief. With
Ankau's wide wingspan dwarfing the child, Din was unable to catch a glimpse of her. Din
approached once more, his bloodied hand coming to try and wrench Ankau away from the
possible imposter. Instead the warrior turned his head, speaking up to the Mandalorian.

"Please, wait." He interjected, owl eyes wide. "This child is my sister. She knows my name."
He lowered his head once more to the form of the cowering girl, and within Ankau's arms
Din could see her hiccup and sob. Ankau murmured soothing words to her, and after several
moments, held her at arm's length. As he did Din could see the pink feathering from earlier,
made ruddy by dirt and grime from a cage.

The girl locked eyes on Din's towering form, backlit by the fire, and whimpered in fear.
Ankau shushed her, speaking in his native tongue, and repeating the words in Basic. "No fear,
he's a friend. It's okay." The girl relaxed, shoulders easing at the words.

"Thank you." She spoke, and Din blinked at her sudden fluency. "For saving us."

As Din reeled with surprise, she turned again to her brother. "They were going to sell us."
She murmured, voice trembling. "As pets, they said. The older ones, they tried to fight, but
they were hurt. The bad men said they would be slaves instead." She shuddered once, tucking
herself further into Ankau's bronze wings. Another sob wracked her tiny shoulders, and her
talons gripped tightly into his shoulders. "I was so scared. I thought I'd never see you again."

Mind finally catching up to his initial shock, Din spoke. "You couldn't speak before." He
muttered, confused.

"Before?" Ankau echoed, gaze lifting to the Mandalorian beside him and then back to his
sister. "Brysa, have you met this man?"

The girl, Brysa, looked up at Din with wide eyes and shook her head. Din squinted, trying to
reconcile the trembling girl held captive in the forest with the wide-eyed child in front of
him. Yet there was something about the child’s eyes from before, a strange glint that he
hadn’t noticed until he stared into the face of the little girl in front of him.

Wait.

No...

Panic rising in his chest, Din turned abruptly from the two. He broke into a sprint, feet
carrying him directly towards the tree line and the way back to the village. Ankau called after
him with concern, but Din felt his stomach heave with a poisonous mix of realization and
dread.

The child in the forest. The Clawdite.



She had touched him.

- o - o - o - o - o -

In the darkness of the ship, you waited anxiously. As much as you wanted to, you couldn't
sleep. You lay in Mando's bunk, a bit self-conscious at being there, but with the child tucked
into your side you didn't mind as much. He had woken at one point after Mando's departure,
fussing as he noticed the combination of your anxiety and Mando's prolonged absence. It
took you some time to calm and rock him back to sleep, and even now he rested fitfully,
shifting as you curled around him. Tucked against your abdomen, you petted him softly, your
other arm pillowing your head against the stiff mattress.

They should be headed back by now, right? You hadn't heard any gunfire or explosions, but
then again they were so deep in the jungle perhaps you wouldn’t be able to discern such
sounds. Cooped up in the Razorcrest, unable to tell the light outside, you were unsure how
much time had passed. Time stretched differently inside the dimness of the cargo hold. The
air was stale, recycled. The lights didn't brighten or dim according to the planet's rotation
below you. It could have been minutes since he left, maybe only an hour. You had no clue.

You had tried to occupy yourself with fixing a datapad you had found in the hold, the screen
cracked and displaying poorly. You needed to keep your hands busy, keep your mind
occupied. Even then, however, you found yourself frustrated that you didn't have the means
to completely repair it. Eventually you gave up, trying to rest beside the sleeping toddler on
Mando's bunk.

Everything would be fine. That’s what you had told him. It had to be. Yet an unsettled anxiety
roiled in your stomach. You didn't know which you were more afraid of, the idea of Mando
getting killed or too injured to come back, or the idea that such an event would warrant your
sole custody of the mysterious child tucked into your side. It was one thing to watch him
while Mando was present, having to worry less about any potential danger while he stood
nearby. With Mando gone, and imperial bounties on you both, you couldn't imagine trying to
fulfill your promise to protect the child by yourself.

You didn't regret your decision to stay, the choice making your shoulders light with relief.
However, it meant that your responsibility to the child, to Mando, was now set in stone. You
had made a promise you couldn't break, even if you had no idea how to fulfill it if the time
came.

Which is why he had to come back.

Thoughts still churning, you felt a soft sigh escape you. There was nothing you could do now
except wait, even if it was hard. The morning would dawn with news of the attack and its
outcome, and you needed to rest and be ready for it.

No sooner had your eyes fluttered closed, thoughts dipping off into slumber, did a sound
wake you.

A loud bang at the side door of the cargo hold, followed by a muffled voice.



You were on your feet in an instant, one hand still hovering above the child behind you. You
paused for a moment, unsure if you had heard correctly, when the noise repeated itself. The
child stirred, but you shushed him and tucked a blanket further around his small body before
padding over to the door. The blaster in your back pocket felt heavy, and you reached one
trembling hand to it in reassurance.

"Mando?" You asked hesitantly, raising your voice just enough to be heard through the
bulkhead.

You were afraid that the voice wouldn't be his, would be some other visitor disguised as a
friend. He had told you not to open the ship for anyone but him. Even if it was Ankau or his
grandfather, you wouldn't open the door. Still, the thought of having to endure constant
banging on the hull as you sheltered the child from the imposter made you shiver.

"It's me." The voice replied, and you nearly felt your legs pool under you in relief. "Are you
safe?"

You nodded, realizing he couldn’t see you, and shouted an affirmation in response. "We're
fine!" You called back. "Both me and the kid, we're fine." You swallowed thickly, anxiety
gnawing at you. "Are you okay? Are the children safe?"

Mando grunted, and you blinked at the sudden sound of pain. "The kids are fine." He replied
in his typical gruff tone. "I'm...fine."

You frowned. "You don't sound fine." You replied. "What happened?"

There was a pause, and for a brief terrifying moment you were afraid Mando had collapsed
on the other side of the door. "I was shot." He replied at last, sounding almost ashamed.

Panic swept through you, and suddenly you were turning to the door panel. "Wait, I'll let you
in so I can see. How bad is it?"

As you punched in the code to disable ground security protocols, Mando grunted again.
"Bad." He replied.

You felt your stomach drop at the sound, urging your trembling fingers to punch in the code.
Soon the door hissed and began to slide open.

No sooner had the pink haze of dawn begun to peek through the crack of the door that you
stopped. Your entire body rose in a readiness you couldn't comprehend, senses buzzing in
warning. Eyes wide, muscles coiled, you had only a split second to react as the door revealed
your companion.

"Wait." You thought, mind catching up to your sudden awareness. An undeniable horror rose
from your stomach to your throat. "No..."

Mando’s black visor glinted in the early rays of dawn, form taller than you despite being
lower on the ramp. The beskar had an off sheen to it, almost artificial. His shoulders were
hunched in pain, one hand tucked to his side onto a wound you couldn’t see.



"Thanks for that." Mando spoke in a voice that wasn't his own. As the door slid open the
hand grasping at his waist produced a vibroblade which hummed as it activated under his
touch.

You reacted purely on instinct, hurling yourself at the Clawdite before he could fully
withdraw his weapon. The force of your tackle sent the both of you tumbling down the ramp.
The metal scraped roughly against your shoulder as you practically somersaulted down the
surface. You landed on soft grass, righting yourself in the same second the hunter did.

Unfiltered fear pulsed through you, each heartbeat pumping ice freezing water through your
veins. Goosebumps raised along your flesh, every hair on your body standing on end as you
struggled to catch your breath. All the while you stared down the imposter in front of you,
eyes impossibly wide and pupils dilated. It was Mando, but no, it wasn’t Mando. Yet all you
saw was the broad figure of your companion crouched low, gaze locked onto you with intent
as he brandished the dagger.

You were such a fool, you thought to yourself helplessly. You had done the one thing Mando
told you not to. You had been so overcome by relief that you had ignored that small tickle of
warning in the back of your mind. Now you stood between a ruthless, hostile hunter and the
innocent child still tucked away in Mando's bunk.

The Clawdite did appear to look exactly like Mando. From the beskar helmet to the tattered
hem of his cape, every detail was exactly as you had last seen it. You didn't know how the
Clawdite was able to accomplish such a feat, having thought that the species could only
imitate body forms, not clothing.

You blinked, remembering how your body had connected with the hunter. Instead of hitting
beskar, your form had bounced off a smoother surface, likely plastoid or some other
armoring. Your arms had passed through the appearance of armor like air.

"So, you aren't as useless as you look." The hunter laughed mockingly, and your stomach
coiled in horror at the hunter again using Mando's own voice against you. His deep, vocalized
tenor speaking such words made your shoulders hunch automatically. "I was wondering if I'd
get bored trying to take you in.”

It wasn't him. It wasn't him. You tried to repeat the thought as you planted yourself in
between the hunter and the ramp, one hand reaching behind you to grasp the blaster in your
back pocket. Mando wouldn’t speak to you that way. His firm and at points awkward
wording would never reek with such hostility. Even if he had deemed you a threat, his words
wouldn’t mock you so cruelly.

It wasn’t him.

Yet Mando's tall, broad form stood across from you, helmeted gaze peering down at you. For
a split second you were reminded of the terrifying image of the Mandalorian staring down at
you as you tried desperately to hide from him in the cargo hold all that time ago. His dark,
warning voice echoing down at your horrified face.



"You're not Mando." You said aloud, trying to remind yourself. Your voice shook, desperately
trying to distance the image of your hunter from the imposter in front of you. Mando
wouldn’t do this, wouldn’t attack you. Yet the image of his larger frame facing you with
sinister intent made your veins run cold.

The hunter barked a laugh, and the sound coming from Mando’s own voice jarred you. “I
knew from the moment I saw you and your little friend there that I had seen you before.” He
spoke, and your shoulders heaved with exertion. “It wasn’t until I was back at my ship that I
realized you both were on the bounty boards. I figured if things went south over there I’d
come back and pay you two a visit.” His gaze turned to you once more, narrowing in on your
figure. “Maybe you’d both be kind enough to take a little trip with me.”

That alone made you blink in surprise. Was that what he was after? Your bounty? You didn’t
know the details, but you knew that the remnants of the Empire wanted both you and the
child alive. That didn’t stop the hunter from killing you on accident, but you knew if he
avoided trying to do so it meant you stood a greater chance of protecting yourself and the
child behind you on the Razorcrest.

As if confirming you suspicions, the hunter huffed a laugh. “That’s right, darlin’. As easy as
it is to take you in cold, I hear the Imps prefer you don’t arrive in a body bag.”

No sooner had you begun to ponder his words that he took a single step forward. In an instant
you had your blaster trained on him, grip still shaking with fear. You had killed someone
before, you reminded yourself. This was no different. You weren’t shooting at Mando, you
were protecting yourself, protecting the child from an invader.

It wasn’t him.

The hunter, still appearing and talking as if he was Mando, raised his hands placatingly. The
gesture was almost familiar to your hunter's movements, and for a heartbeat you paused,
almost wishing that the person in front of you was the hunter who had sheltered and protected
you.

Within that instant the Clawdite ducked forward, and you fired reflexively. You missed and
stumbled back to try and get the hunter in your sights once more. Before you could, the
hunter jerked up a hand and pushed the barrel of your blaster up to the sky. Again, you fired
futilely, watching in slow motion horror as the Clawdite twisted the blade in their hand and
arched it towards your waist.

Images of your scarlet blood soaking into the grassy green earth while the hunter dragged
both you and the child into the jungle filled your thoughts in a blinding vision. The child's
imagined scream in your head overlapped with the desperate shriek from your dream.

Gritting your teeth, you bent backwards, feeling the blade slice a shallow cut across your
abdomen. As the hunter followed through you didn’t try again to fire, instead bringing the
butt of your blaster viciously down against their skull. Pain blossomed across your lower
half, but you blocked it out, using your free hand to sloppily push away the hunter and retreat
halfway up the ramp.



He laughed, and the sound sent your blood curdling in your veins. One hand briefly went up
to cradle his forehead, and then he returned his gaze to you once more. He was close, you
realized. Way too close. Not even three strides away from you. At this range you could see
the glisten of blood on his blade. Your blood. The visual reminder sent your stomach
clenching in pain, and you grunted as you tried to temper down the hurt that radiated from the
wound. A wet warmth pooled against your skin, not deep enough to incapacitate you but
enough to slow your distracted focus.

Again, you trained your blaster on the Clawdite. You were less interested in shooting him
than deterring him. Now halfway up the ramp, if you could get up into the ship and get the
door closed, then you'd be able to shelter until Mando and the other warriors arrived. Taking
a single hesitant step backwards, you kept your eyes trained on the hunter. He regarded you
almost nonchalantly, lifting his bloodied blade to inspect the small drip of scarlet there.

The hunter hummed in thought. "You aren't what I was expecting." He commented smoothly.
"The bounty for you stated that you were a highly trained fighter, and yet here you are
trembling like a newborn fawn."

Then, you saw his body tense and bend ever so slightly forward. You realized it was a feint
too late, finger pressing down on the trigger of the blaster. Unable to completely dodge the
shot this time, you listened to the small sound of it slicing against armor and flesh. The
hunter launched himself at you, hand reaching out to grasp at your leg. You were able to
avoid him, turning and scrambling up the ramp to the door.

You were able to get one hand inside, fingers pressing sloppily down on the panel to close the
door as you tried to sidle inside. Before you could, that grip again sought your ankle,
grasping onto it like a vice.

You yelled in surprise as you were dragged backwards. Losing your balance, your back hit
the ramp with a jolt. Twisting your head, you watched as the door slid shut, protecting the
child inside but locking you out of the Razorcrest. A toxic, conflicting mix of relief and
unfettered panic rose in you. The child was safe, and you had fulfilled your promise to
Mando. That didn’t mean you were safe.

You had no doubt that the hunter would settle for just you. Your breath seized in your throat
at the brief, horrifying image of an Imperial cell waiting for you, the menacing silhouette of
stormtroopers holding you down as you tried to get away. Even as you tried to kick and loose
the Clawdite's hold on you your brain conjured scenarios of interrogation and torture at the
hands of Imperial agents. Yet the Clawdite’s hold was unbreakable no matter how you tried to
wiggle free.

A horrible memory surfaced in your mind, of the Trandoshan hunter trying to drag you back
through the hole to the shipyards on Kaddak, yellow eyes glinting with rage.

"NO!" You screamed, struggling with renewed force. The blood in your veins boiled with
terror and the undeniable urge to run, fight, struggle, get away. The air around you hummed,
senses blurring out any distractions beyond the need to flee, to escape.



That word alone sent a wave of fire coursing through your body. escape, your mind
screamed, blotting out any other sound. You could feel your heart stutter, eyes widening and
breath catching in your chest. That scorching inferno of your dreams, that haunting
nightmare, consumed you for the briefest of moments.

With a roar that deafened even your own ears you struck out with a kick, hitting the Clawdite
square in the stomach. You could feel something crack inside of him against the contact of
your unprecedented force. Even then, you didn't slow. You were on your feet in a heartbeat,
striking him again and sending his disguised form tumbling down the ramp.

He landed at the bottom, righting himself quickly but with a hand pressing down on the place
where you had struck him. You drew your weapon, leveling it at Mando’s form. Before you
could fire he flicked the vibro-blade in his grip and with a twist of his wrist, sent it flying at
you. Instinctively you tried to shield yourself, arms coming up to block your neck and face.

The blade tore past your forearm, and you screamed at the blinding white pain. The hand
holding your blaster loosened, and suddenly another grasp descending on your own. You
struggled to keep the grip on the weapon even as the Clawdite struggled to loosen it from
your grip. Blood streamed from your forearm to your hand, and you felt the warm wetness
slick your fingers and your hold on the blaster.

Instead you tried hitting the hunter with your other hand, only to have your wrist seized in a
bruising grip. Mando's T-shaped visor stared down at you, his voice grunting with exertion as
he struggled to exert control over you. The sight almost made you weak, heart clenching
painfully.

Instead you planted one foot, bringing the opposite knee up in between the man's legs. A
wheeze escaped him, and for a moment you let your guard down. Yet again he fumbled for
your weapon, and his sloppy, pained reach combined with the slickness of the blood from
your wound made the blaster escape both of you, falling and bouncing off the ramp
somewhere under the ship.

Both of you unarmed now, the Clawdite hunter poured his concentration in pinning you up
against the hull of the ship. You grunted, the impact of the metal exterior against your back
making you gasp in surprise. You set your jaw, struggling uselessly against the hunter's
superior strength.

Mando’s dark visored gaze bore down on you from the other end of the arm. You felt your
legs nearly give in a mixture of fear and dismay. You had always harbored a respectful fear of
Mando’s abilities since your first encounter, and now that it was his form that held you
pinned against the ship, you felt a lump of cold, unabating horror rise in your throat. You
wanted to scream, desperately frightened at the man holding you but wishing nothing more
than for Mando himself to appear and come to your aid.

The hunter heaved above you, and for a moment you were impressed you had managed to
wind him despite the difference in your skill levels. Even so, with a fist pressed against your
chest, and one of your wrists still held in a nearly bone-cracking grasp, you found yourself
rapidly running out of options.



You did the only thing you could think of, tucking your head and biting down on the spot
where Mando' armor was weak on the inside of his elbow. Instead of meeting thick padding,
your mouth fell upon bare skin. Closing your teeth around the flesh, your ears rang with the
hunter's howl. You shot out your bloodied hand, you shoved his face and felt his head bend at
an awkward angle. The motion freed you enough to step forward and shove a shoulder into
his form. With your height differences on the ramp the Clawdite stumbled backwards,
disoriented, and losing his balance.

Just when you thought you had fended him off, he closed his hand tighter around your wrist
and together you two fell the meter and a half off the ramp onto the soft grass of the clearing.

You were able to scoot under the ramp before he could grab you again, and thanked whatever
deities lay in the heavens when your hand bumped your blaster. You shot to your feet, winded
and terrified at the hunter's relentless attacks. He stood on the other side of the ramp, the
metal surface now between you both. His shoulders heaved as he too, tried to catch his
breath.

A long moment stretched between you both, during which your mind again tried to separate
the enemy in front of you from the man who had spoken so quietly, almost shyly, just hours
before. Yet instead of Mando’s soft voice, the one he only used around you, you were greeted
by his rough tone and a mocking laugh.

"The thing about us Clawdites is-" and the hunter paused with a breathless chuckle. "All it
takes is a single touch to transform into someone entirely different."

You blinked, confused at his sudden conversational attitude and wordy deflection. In your
hesitation you held the blaster down and away from you, overwhelmed by the pain of your
injuries and rapidly fluttering heartbeat.

He exhaled loudly, the sound bouncing off the metal of the ramp oddly. "It was a good thing I
managed to scan the Mandalorian's armor before I escaped. I don't think I would have made it
this far without that."

A hologram, you realized with a start. He had imitated Mando's body, but couldn't copy his
armor, so he let technology do the rest. Which meant-

A horror so deep that it ran dark and vile across the depths of your soul rose in your thoughts.
As if seeing the dawning terror on your face, the Clawdite towered to Mando's full height.
Your smaller form was dwarfed by his size, the pink morning sun casting a long shadow over
your figure.

"They say Mandalorians never take off their helmets." He continued, and you wanted to
scream at the dread that rippled across your skin as you realized. "They say that once you see
a Mandalorian's face, they can never put it back on."

Your heart beat wildly in your chest, eyes impossibly wide at the hunter's words. Mando's
voice from that night at the inn surfaced in your chaotically churning thoughts unprompted.

"No one can ever see my face."



You couldn't think, couldn't breathe as the hunter before you pressed a button somewhere on
their gauntlet, and their figure began to waver with a static like effect. The holograph began
to retract, shimmering in color then in blue as it de-pixelated.

You couldn’t look, you realized. You had to close your eyes. If you saw, Mando would never
forgive you. Your promise to stay would be cast null and void at the least. Gods knew what
would happen if you found out. Yet that meant you’d be fighting without your vision. You’d
be blind against a stronger, faster, more experienced opponent. You couldn’t close your eyes.
You had to fight, to protect the child, to escape.

"I wonder what he would do, if you saw his face." The Clawdite laughed shrilly, and you
couldn't dull the ringing in your ears. Slowly, Mando's form was made clear to you. Your
eyes watched his helmet in horror.

”No.” You pleaded silently, wretchedly torn with indecision. ”Please-“

The moment before you shut your eyes, blocking out all light and vision, the hunter's sinister
voice beckoned to you.

"Would you like to see?"

Chapter End Notes

Sorry not sorry for the cliffhanger

 

 

 

 

 

 

Congrats if you all saw this coming, lol. However, I don't think anyone saw that last
twist coming. This is what this entire arc has been leading to. The choice is between
losing but keeping Mando's trust, and surviving but facing the risk of never seeing him
again. What'll it be, hmm?

I'm sorry this chapter took so long! As you can see it's...a doozy lol. It's roughly 8k, and
took nearly a week from start to finish to complete even a rough draft. I wanted to get it
to you guys as soon as possible so I'm sorry if its a little rough.



Anyways, I'm going to try and aim for an update on Sunday the 21st. I'll try not to keep
you guys hanging for too long. See you then!

EDIT:

I JUST REALIZED

This fic has nearly 10k hit and is currently on the second page of Din Djarin/Reader
when ranked by Kudos.

HOLY SHIT. I cannot thank you all enough for your support and feedback. Every single
comment means so much to me and I love love LOVE seeing you all enjoy this as much
as I do writing it. Geez, holy moly, good gosh, WOW. THANK YOU! <3

 

EDIT 2-18

So I ended up making some edits to this chapter to clarify a few things. The Clawdite is
not trying to kill Reader, he is trying to capture both Reader and Grogu and hand them
over to the Imps. I ended up going back and making that clearer in the second half. I
recommend you go back and read to get the full gist. :)

----

Follow for chapter updates, teasers, memes and more on my (Tumblr!)



Chapter 15: Part Fifteen: To See
Chapter Summary

"Time's wasting, Mando." The Clawdite hissed, brown eyes blazing. "I'm getting
impatient."

Yet Din couldn't answer him. He couldn't decide.

It was at this moment that he finally caught your gaze. He blinked, surprised to find you
had opened your eyes. With the hunter behind you there wasn't a chance of you
accidentally seeing Din's face, and now you gazed at him openly with wide, terrified
eyes. Then, your lips parted in a silent message, your voice rippling silently in the space
between you both.

 

"Trust me."

Chapter Notes

If you read the previous chapter before I made edits, I suggest you go back and re-read
the second half to get the full grasp of the situation before continuing onwards.

TW ahead for graphic depictions of violence/injuries

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Din raced back to the Razorcrest, feet flying over gnarled roots and fallen, twisted tree
trunks. Each footstep sang in harmony with his rapidly racing heartbeat. The forest around
him, normally teeming with life, seemed to still the further he sprinted back towards the
village. He had been running for what seemed like hours, and yet he hadn't managed to catch
up to his faster opponent. He didn't bother trying to track the Clawdite through the dense
underbrush. Din already knew where they were going.

Cuyan. The child.

An unfamiliar fear rose in his stomach at the thought of you and the child being harmed. The
haunting image of your prone form on the ramp of the Razorcrest during your time on Hypori
rose unprompted in his thoughts. Bloodied, limp, still gripping the blaster he had given you in
your loose fingers. Din had seen allies fall before, fellow hunters make a deadly mistake in



the midst of battle. He had hardened their deaths in his mind, not having enough time to
grieve under the rain of blaster fire. Their deaths served as a memory, a warning against
letting down his guard and making a single misstep during his hunts.

With you, however, it was different. Whereas Din had expected you to flee, to run and
abandon the child for yourself, you hadn't. Instead not only had you protected the young one,
you had still sought to come to Din's aid despite teetering on the brink of a deadly affliction.
Din's oath mandated that he return the courtesy to you, but it was more than just that. He had
made an oath that as long as you protected the child, he would do so the same for you. Your
struggle to not only survive, but to save those you could along the way, was a rarity in a
galaxy of violence. That struggle of yours ensured Din that you wouldn't abandon the child in
favor of yourself, and for that you had earned his trust.

Din remembered the rage, the bloodlust at seeing someone so sick and injured fight for
simple survival, and then try to come to his aid. Your weakened voice and surprisingly light
weight in his arms made a shiver run up his spine. He remembered the fear, the shine of tears
in the child's eyes upon seeing your collapsed figure. Din's mind provided an image of the
Razorcrest's doors wide open to the Rishii village clearing, of your vanished forms, leaving
behind no trace except a small smear of blood on the door.

If such an event came to pass, it would be all his fault. That alone made the chilled grip of
anxiety harden in his stomach, turning into a simmering and deadly anger. He was such a
fool, to have let himself be touched. If he hadn't been so impatient trying to rescue the girl
aboard the ship, if he hadn't underestimated his opponent in the jungle, if he had just kept his
wits about him, then perhaps this wouldn't have happened.

You were smart. Din knew that. He had observed it more than once. Based on your story on
the escape from Kaddak, his observation of you at the waystation, and the evidence of your
struggle on Hypori, he knew you would try to find a way out of this. Hopefully, you wouldn't
have to, having realized that the one trying to get inside the ship wasn't Din himself.

The one thing that haunted him, whispering with a low sinister voice across his thoughts, was
that the Clawdite knew his face.

If by any chance you had opened the ship, Din knew that the Clawdite wouldn't hesitate to
use every ounce of leverage in order to subdue you. The idea of someone witnessing his face
inadvertently spiked a familiar fear in him. The threat of breaking his oath, of becoming
dar'manda was a dreaded nightmare Din had possessed from the moment he had first put on
his helmet. An outcast, a traitor to the creed, one who could no longer carry the title of
'Mandalorian'.

There was only one solution. Din had to kill the Clawdite at any cost. He could only hope
that he did so before the alien exposed his face to you.

He had finally reached the familiar trails surrounding the village, foliage thinning out from
generations of Rishii walking the same paths. It was still close to dawn, the purple haze of the
hours between darkness and sun fading into a pink light that peeked through the jungle tree
tops. The beauty of the scenery around him remained a stark contrast to the sinister scene Din
sprinted towards.



A yell, somewhere up ahead of him, made Din's eyes widen inside his helmet. Putting on a
burst of speed, he ducked low hanging branches and vines to bolt in the direction of the
sound. The trail under his feet became wider, tougher under his boots until, finally, he burst
into the clearing where the Razorcrest was landed.

The scene that greeted him froze his stomach.

Din skidded to a halt at the same moment that a familiar figure hoisted your bloodied form
into his grip. With one arm pinning your back flush to the Clawdite's chest, the other holding
your blaster to the side of your temple, the hunter across from him grinned with his face.

"Thanks for joining us." The Clawdite spoke, and Din felt a raw horror boil in his gut and
engulf every inch of his skin. Brown eyes, tousled brown hair, a scruffy fuzz across his jaw
and lower face gazed back at him. His face. His voice. His body was the one that held you
captive. It was different armor, yes, but the features, the figure was all the same.

"Dar'manda." His mind supplied, voice not his own but instead the Armorer, his brethren
echoing the word in a ceaseless taunt.

Yet it wasn't him. It was his face, but the owner was not himself. The reflection was all too
familiar, but the victorious grin, the frenzied look in his eyes was not. An imposter, he
reminded himself. An enemy.

"Mando!" Din's gaze darted to your face, relieved to find your eyes were stubbornly
scrunched shut. "I-I didn't look! I didn't see!"

Din would have been relieved if he hadn't noticed the blossoming red stain on your side, your
hand bloodied all the way from palm to elbow. It was clear you had put up a fight, and for a
moment Din felt a sense akin to pride at how hard you had fought. Instead his gaze flew to
the door of the ship, relieved to find it shut. The child was safe, which only left you held in
the choking hold of the opposing hunter.

Din went to draw his blaster, but the action only caused the Clawdite to press the barrel of
your blaster further into your mussed hair.

"Don't." The hunter barked, and Din couldn't help but flinch at his own voice used against
him. "On the ground. The pulse rifle too."

Din relented, slowly. He drew the blaster from his holster up, using only one hand. Gently, he
placed it on the grass, following quickly by the pulse rifle at his back. Then, cautiously, he
held his hands aloft in a placating gesture.

"You don't need to bring her into this." He spoke, voice steady despite the situation. He could
see your shoulders relax at the sound, even if it did nothing to soothe the hunter.

Instead the Clawdite laughed, and again Din was jarred by the sound of his own voice
making such an unusual sound.



"Oh, I think I do, actually." Your captor replied easily. "I hear that the reward for her bounty
has doubled since it was last posted. She and the kid will set me up for a nice, relaxing life
after I've handed them over to the Imps."

That horror, that fear Din felt at having his face exposed hardened inside him, turning into a
deep, unfettered anger. He didn't reply to the hunter, letting that fury boil inside him and
evaporate any lingering doubt. The threat was the one thing Din had sworn never to let occur,
the thing he had fought so hard against. Now the changeling before him mocked Din’s quest,
grinned tauntingly at him while he held the upper hand.

Din would kill him.

"Open the ship." The Clawdite demanded. "I'll be taking it, along with the kid and my new
companion here. Your little friend here tells me only you know the code." With that he
adjusted his hold on you, and for a moment you winced and stretched to your toes to keep up
with the hunter's taller form.

"And if I don't?" Din replied, voice dipping low and sinister in warning.

"Then I shoot her."

Din stopped, the words sending a brief spike of panic through him. Before he could speak,
your voice sang across the clearing.

"Don't listen!" You gasped, choking when the Clawdite pressed a muscled arm further into
your windpipe. "He said he needed me alive!"

"Shut up!" The hunter hissed, then turning his brown eyed gaze back to Din. "The bounty
didn't specify dead or alive. I'll get paid either way."

For a moment Din was grateful you still had your eyes shut. He didn't want to see the alarm
there in your gaze. Still, indecision weighed on him heavily. It was a near impossible choice.
Let the hunter escape with you and the child, and have you both handed over to Imperials? Or
refuse and watch you die by the imposter possessing his own hands?

Din's silence stretched long, the world stilling around him as it too waited with bated breath
for his answer.

He couldn't risk the child. He couldn't watch you die.

"Time's wasting, Mando." The Clawdite hissed, brown eyes blazing. "I'm getting impatient."

Yet Din couldn't answer him. He couldn't decide.

It was at this moment that he finally caught your gaze. He blinked, surprised to find you had
opened your eyes. With the hunter behind you there wasn't a chance of you accidentally
seeing Din's face, and now you gazed at him openly with wide, terrified eyes. Then, your lips
parted in a silent message, your voice rippling silently in the space between you both.

"Trust me."



No sooner had Din processed your words then your eyes had rolled back in your head, body
going completely limp as you pretended to faint. The Clawdite was taken by surprise at the
sudden heaviness of your form slumping against him, his grip slipping on you as you
collapsed to the ground. The Clawdite let out a shout of uprise as he tried to follow you,
trying to maintain his grip on you despite your suddenly limp figure.

Din didn't waste a moment. With your body no longer being used as a shield he surged
forward, diving for his blaster, and firing on the Clawdite. The hunter ducked just in time, the
blaster bolt pinging off the Razorcrest's hull beside his head and leaving behind a blackened
scorch mark. Cursing, the Clawdite ducked under the ramp for cover, only to find that you
had rolled under there out of his reach. Din could see you loudly panic at hearing the
imposter follow you, watching as you kicked out wildly, blindly, in an attempt to chase him
away.

The distraction gave Din all the time he needed to run and pounce on the hunter, hauling him
away from you and the ship. The Clawdite thrashed, trying to turn and fire on Din, but the
Mandalorian held him fast. A blaster bolt buzzed somewhere past his ear, the sound ringing
endlessly and briefly distorting his hearing. With a deft twist of the hunter's wrist Din was
able to get the Clawdite to drop the blaster, the weapon falling softly to the grass with a dull
thud.

Din struggled to get the hunter into a chokehold, wholly intent on depriving him of any and
all oxygen until his heart stopped. What he didn't expect, however, was the hunter to grab
him back, using his core strength to plant his feet and attempt to flip the Mandalorian in front
of him. Din was stronger, but the action caught him by surprise and suddenly he was flying
head over heels, impacting the ground on his back as the ground shook under him.

He barely had a moment to think before instinctively he rolled out of the way. A knife buried
itself in the dirt right where his visor had been. Now at a crouch, Din drew his vibro blade as
well, staring down his own face contorted in rage. The Clawdite was too close for Din to
shoot him without exposing himself. He needed to put some distance between him and his
opponent.

Din knew this fight well. His frequent, and sometimes heated spars with Paz Vizsla meant he
was no stranger to vibroblade tactics. As the hunter lunged at him, drawing his blade once
across his opponent's chest plate, Din realized that this was a no holds barred game. The
Clawdite was coming after him with everything he had, now out of options. Like a cornered
animal, Din could see the panic, the rage in his own face.

Blocking, diverting, and dodging attacks, Din struggled to find an opening. The hunter was
fast, faster than his former rival and even faster than Din himself. For a moment it was all
Din could do to simply stay out of the hunter's reach. Breath echoing harshly inside his
helmet, Din sought to turn the tables on the nimbler hunter.

There, as the hunter feinted right and slashed left. With a precisely timed block of the hunter's
incoming attack Din brought his blade up underneath the Clawdite's arm. The blade sliced
past armor and flesh, drawing out a considerable spurt of blood. The Clawdite's eyes widened
in shock and agony, and he stumbled backwards away from Din. Just as Din went to draw his
weapon on the other hunter a voice rang out shrilly across the clearing.



"Stop!"

Din wheeled to the source of the sound, surprised to find you standing off to his left with the
blaster in your hands. Eyes still scrunched shut, arms trembling, you pointed it in the
direction of the two opposing hunters.

The Clawdite, for what he was worth, grasped the situation quickly.

"Shoot him!" He gasped, clutching a hand to his nearly dripping green wound. His voice was
hoarse, mimicking the vocalizer's roughness from Din's helmet.

"Wait!" Din interjected. The second you fired would be an opening for the Clawdite that both
he and you could not afford. Softer now, he spoke. "Don't."

He could see you hesitate, eyes still closed and shoulders heaving with each breath. Your aim
swung wildly between the two, finger hovering above the trigger. You couldn't decide which
one was the real one, Din realized.

"To your right!" The Clawdite gasped in his voice. "Shoot him!"

Din didn't flinch, keeping his eyes locked on you. His throat was dry, even as he tried to
swallow. Still, his voice was calm, measured in that tone he only spoke to you.

"Cuyan." He spoke, tongue rolling the Mando'a in his mouth. "I trust you."

He saw the moment you understood, saw the arch of your eyebrows and lips parted in
realization.

"What are you waiting fo-" The Clawdite couldn't finish his sentence, the words cutting off
with a pained grunt as a blaster bolt rang out catching him squarely in the upper left shoulder.
Din fired a second shot only a heartbeat later, this one landing in the Clawdite's center of
mass.

The Clawdite stumbled back one step, then two, and then crumpled to the ground beside the
pulse rifle. Din watched as his own face faded, soon to be replaced with a rounded, green
toned head and huge, bulging yellow eyes. The alien gave a stuttering breath, trying to take in
air once, twice, and then falling still.

The clearing fell silent once more, the echo of the blaster bolt fading far into the trees. Both
you and Din stood completely still, muscles coiled and body stiff as you waited for a
counterattack that never came.

Din waited a few more moments to be sure that the Clawdite was well and truly dead. Smoke
spiraled from the two inflicted blaster wounds, the smell of scorched skin wafting over to
Din. Still, the alien did not move, did not make a sound, defeated at last.

He turned to you, with your eyes still shut. You shook, likely from a combination of pain and
fading adrenaline. Carefully, Din made his way over to you, being gentle as he reached out to
touch the hands holding your blaster down and away from you, just as he had taught you.



You flinched at the touch, sucking in a breath as Din carefully grasped your hands holding
the weapon.

"He's dead." Din spoke, trying to keep his voice quiet so as not to spook you. "It's over."

He could see the moment you understood, hear the sudden exhale of breath that made your
shoulders sink. Slowly, you stopped shaking, the panic fading from your system at his words.
To your credit, you didn't cry despite the hard swallow Din could see in your throat. Instead
you exhaled again, and Din could hear the shake in your breath as you began to collect
yourself.

"Can...can I open my eyes now?" You asked, voice still wavering.

Din nodded, and realizing you could not see, replied: "Yes."

You peeked your eyes open, blinking as you adjusted to the light once more. Yet instead of
relief, you turned to Din with a wide, fearful gaze.

"I didn't see." You told him in a rush, voice cracking. "I didn't. The second he let down the
hologram I didn't look. I promise."

Din felt his shoulders sag in relief. There wasn’t any weight of dishonesty to your words. You
spoke the truth. He wouldn't have hurt you if you had inadvertently seen the Clawdite
wearing his face, but even so it meant that he would have had to find a way to silence you as
to what you had seen, according to his creed. Din didn't want to entertain the idea and eased
knowing he wouldn't have to. He nodded to you, replying in a soft voice: "I believe you."

This was what caused your shoulders to droop, the tension easing from them almost
completely. Then, you gave Din a familiar, almost shy smile of thanks. Oddly, Din felt his
heart clench.

That was, until a familiar whine of a weapon charging met his ears.

He spun, pushing you behind him on instinct as he turned to see the Clawdite gripping Din's
own pulse rifle leveled at him.

"Dank ferrick- Din had enough time to think before the weapon jolted and everything went
dark.

- o - o - o - o - o -

"MANDO!"

You had never screamed so loud all in your life, voice engulfed in complete horror as the
Mandalorian pushed you out of the way of the incoming blast. You fell onto the grass,
Mando's rough shove making you lose your balance. Still, you could see the moment the
pulse rifle fired, a single blazing bolt hitting Mando square in the chest.

His entire body lit up like a starship console, electricity crawling along his limbs and up to
his helmet. The beskar armor made the perfect conduit for the electric bolt, bouncing the



current endlessly off his form. Mando's entire body went taut, arching almost impossibly as it
instinctively reacted to the electrocution. He went stiff as a board, fingers grasping at nothing.
Mando didn't even make a sound as he twitched violently, body shaking uncontrollably for
what seemed like minutes. The acrid smell of burnt metal and flesh filled your nose, and you
nearly choked with how thick the scent was.

Then, as quickly as it came, the current stopped. Mando's legs fell limp under him, muscles
no longer taut with shock. The hunter fell first to his knees, then onto his face. Without so
much as a gasp of pain he collapsed in a crumple, stray blue lines of electricity still dancing
along his smoking cuirass.

He didn't move.

The world around you stilled, as if time had been violently ripped from its continuity and
frozen. You couldn't breathe. You couldn't think. Your heart felt like it had stopped in your
chest. All you could see was Mando’s smoking form, muscles still twitching reflexively at the
electrocution so severely inflicted onto him.

Yet somehow, your body moved of its own accord, scrambling for purchase as you rose to
your knees, and then stumbled to your feet towards the Clawdite still gripping the rifle. Your
steps were loose, uncoordinated as your brain tried desperately to catch up to your
movements. The changeling had de-transformed, body still sprawled against the grass and
oozing green blood. He was now desperately trying to adjust the rifle so its setting could be
changed to vaporize, so he could finish Mando while he was still down. He was so distracted
with the weapon that by the time he saw you approach it was too late.

You saw his expression only for a moment, huge yellow eyes widening even further as you
towered above him. Then, almost automatically, your blaster raised and leveled itself between
his terrified yellow gaze.

You saw the moment he realized, saw the second your unblinking gaze was reflected back in
his eyes. You stared down at him, shock and intent clear in your face. He raised a hand
automatically to obscure his face, lips parting in a single, last second plea-

“W-wai-“

The shot that rang forth from your blaster echoed deafeningly across the still clearing, and
finally the hunter lay completely still. Forever.

You stood over his corpse, shoulders heaving, breath stuttering in a vain effort to compose
yourself. Even in death he stared up at you, gaze still wide and terrified at realizing that his
prey had become his own hunter. You couldn’t look away, couldn’t tear yourself from his
horrified expression that remained even as the smoke from the blaster shot floated up above
him and into the sky.

He was dead, you realized. Not for the first time, you had taken a life to defend yourself, to
survive. The reality of it began to wash over you with an ice-cold revelation when instead
you saw movement out of the corner of your eye.



Mando.

Mando, whose body was still smoking and acrid with burnt metal. You stumbled, nearly
tripping over your feet in an effort to get to him. The distance between you seemed far too
great, every step seeming to suck whatever lingering energy you had out of you. Collapsing
to your knees beside him, you hoisted his heavy head into your lap, desperately trying to
shake him awake.

"Mando." You gasped, movements doing little to stir him. "Mando!"

Panicking, you adjusted him and bent your head to hover above his chest, listening past the
beskar for the sound of a heartbeat. You closed your eyes, praying to a god you did not know
for the simple drum of life inside his chest.

No sooner had the reassuring beat rang against your ear did Mando heave a gasp, coughing
fitfully as he began to come to. His body jerked, muscles still reacting to the electric pulse.
You did what you could to hold him down by his shoulders, face hovering over his visor in
concern.

"Mando!" You gasped, feeling the lingering tingle of electricity along your fingertips.
"Mando- thanks the stars- can you hear me?"

Mando didn't answer, still coughing and trying to catch his breath. For a moment you
panicked, thinking you'd have to remove his helmet for him to get some air, then he sputtered
as he tried to speak.

"B-Bantha...shit! That karking hurt." He coughed, and you felt an almost hysterical laugh of
relief bubble up your throat.

"Are you hurt?" He asked between heavy gasps, trying hard to even out his breathing.

"I could ask you the same thing!" You gasped, hands still pressing down on his shoulders.
"You scared the karking hell out of me!"

Mando made a choked sound, almost akin to a laugh, much to your surprise. "Feel...like shit."
He wheezed, and that relief that had risen in your chest was quickly replaced by growing
concern. "The Clawdite?"

When you didn't reply Mando tried to incline his head towards the changeling's corpse but let
out a groan instead. That concern rising in your chest verged on fear now. Your hands could
still feel the sharp sting of heat from his body, could still see the small spirals of smoke from
his clothes. You didn't dare try to touch his armor, afraid that it would shock you given the
chance.

You weren't better off by a whole lot, you realized. Your bloodied hand left a red print across
his shoulder, arm painted with scarlet rivulets all the way down to your elbow. Plus, your side
was still a bloody mess, even if the wound had stopped oozing.



A rustle behind you had you gripping your blaster once more, pivoting on your knees so you
crouched low over Mando's prone form. Heart racing, you tried to obscure his body from
whoever was making their way through the trees behind you.

"Mandalorian?" A familiar voice called out, and soon the ferns parted to reveal a number of
Rishii warriors, including Ankau himself. You instantly softened, relieved to find allies once
more.

The avian's eyes scanned the clearing, coming to rest on both of you crouched beside the
ramp of the Razorcrest. Immediately his eyes widened upon realizing the situation, and
taking in the cuts, bruises, and injuries between you two.

"By the heavens..." He murmured, pushing his way out of the foliage towards the both of
you. No sooner had he entered the clearing did he see the lifeless form of the Clawdite
sprawled against the grass. You watched his eyes take in the fatal blaster wound, and your
blaster still in your grip. In awe, his gaze met yours in a silent question. You could only nod
once, solemnly, in response.

Wordlessly, he turned his attention to the Mandalorian you were crouched over. You could
hear the hunter's ragged breathing under you, hear him shift to look up at those who just
entered the clearing.

It was finally Mando that broke the long stretch of silence that followed, neither you nor
Ankau having the words to explain your emotions in that moment. You felt a gloved hand
gently tap your shin, and as you turned Mando lifted his head to look at you properly.

"Bacta packs." He rasped without prelude. "Inside the Razorcrest."

Shaken from your stupor, you nodded. Quickly, you holstered your weapon and wiggled a
hand under Mando's larger frame to haul him upwards. Ankau rushed forwards, a winged arm
also coming to support the Mandalorian under his opposite shoulder. You shot your friend a
grateful glance, and he nodded softly in a wordless reply.

"Sweep the village!" He called to the small group of warriors that accompanied him. "Make
sure there are no more intruders!"

The other Rishii nodded in assent before turning and spreading out across the clearing, again
blending into the dim jungle light to circle the village.

You rose with Ankau, Mando supported between the two of you. The hunter gave a wheezing
grunt as you lifted him to his feet, and your chest clenched at the sound. Together the three of
you awkwardly walked up the ramp, where you then punched in the code that Mando
murmured to you in a pained, breathless voice.

No sooner had the door opened then the child came toddling from his hiding place behind a
crate. He rushed towards the three of you with outstretched arms and a whining, pleading
voice. You smiled at him reassuringly, and with some small discussion, sat Mando down atop
the crate which the child had used as shelter.



"I shall fetch one of the healers." Ankau announced, standing tall in the limited space of the
cargo bay.

"Don't." Mando replied simply, and before you could cast him a glance of disbelief he
continued. "We have medical supplies. Let the healers attend to your own warriors."

Ankau shifted, and you could almost hear the one-sided conversation he was having with
himself.

"Once the healers are done I shall send them to look in on you both." He conceded at last.

You smiled at him gratefully, and when his figure had vanished from the ship, turned your
attention to the child tugging at your pants.

You bent down, scooping him into your arms with a relief exhale. You didn’t care that the
still wet blood of your hand smeared against his clothes, simply grateful to see him safe after
all that occurred. The infant reached a hand up to try and grab your hair, issuing a series of
soft grunts and snorts in reply to your embrace. Holding him against your shoulder, you
buried your face into the soft surface of his clothing.

"I'm sorry little one." You murmured, and the child cooed into your ear, now happy to be
comforted after the ordeal. "I promise I'll do better next time."

It was over, you reminded yourself. You were all alive, safe here now aboard Mando’s ship.
The child was unharmed, and though you and Mando were both injured, you would survive.
The nightmare had come to an end.

"You did good." Mando rasped, and you turned to him, taking in the slouch of his shoulders
and exhausted form. "You protected the child."

You couldn't help the forlorn look that passed across your face. "I almost got him and me
captured." You replied softly, voice still hoarse from the scream you had let out only a minute
before. "I should have never opened that door."

Mando shrugged, and though you couldn't see his face, you could tell from the small flinch in
his shoulders that the motion hurt him. "You took down the Clawdite. You killed him."

The near memory of the changeling's huge yellow eyes still gazing up at you in a never-
ending stare surfaced in your thoughts, and you shuddered. Clutching the child tighter, you
tried to block out the image of the corpse just outside the ship.

As is sensing your mind, Mando's voice broke your thoughts.

"You did what you had to." He replied. "He would have killed you otherwise."

You nodded absently, instinctively rocking the toddler in your arms to soothe both him and
you. The little one pushed back against you, leaning back so he could gaze into your face. As
was his habit, he pressed a small, three clawed hand against your cheek. You could hear your
name whispered across the space between you, spoken still in that strange baby-ish voice of
his. You smiled sadly, one hand tracing his long green ears.



"This is...the second time I've had to take a life." You spoke, voice far away. "Both in self-
defense, but..."

You had lost a part of you, you realized softly. Something you would never get back, an
innocence which You didn’t even know you had. Despite all the things you had done to
ensure your survival as a child, stealing and lying and running, this was different. To take a
life was something you hoped you would never have to do. Now you stood amidst that
revelation, bidding goodbye to that innocence you had lost in that split second moment on
Hypori.

"Cuyan."

You turned, the sound familiar but unexpected coming from the hunter beside you. He gazed
at you, face upturned and taking in your uncertain expression.

"I told you what that means, didn't I?" He asked, and you blinked at his sudden forwardness,
a departure from his typically reserved nature.

"Survivor." You echoed, the word light on your tongue.

Mando nodded, and just as you had taken a life on Hypori, you felt the distance between you
close once more as it had back then in the blue light of the small medical room.

"I wouldn't have survived this long without you." You spoke, thinking aloud. Instantly you
wished you could take the words back, wished Mando hadn't heard you speak so openly to
him.

Mando didn't speak either, and though the silence that followed was long, it was comfortable
in the unspoken place you two had met between.

You needed him, you realized silently. And in some way, he needed you too.

The child in your arms wiggled uncomfortably with a whine, and you adjusted him. Instead
of settling, however, he twisted and stretched out to reach his small hands towards Mando
himself. You blinked in surprise but didn't stop him, and Mando hesitantly accepted the child
into his lap.

With your hands now free you shifted uncertainly from foot to foot.

"I...suppose I should look for the bacta, shouldn't I?" You asked, and Mando nodded, still
preoccupied with the infant in his lap.

"In the med kit above the bunk." He offered. "Bandages too."

You turned, casting a lingering glance over your shoulder at the brawny hunter and squirming
toddler in his lap before reaching to fetch the bulky kit on the shelf above Mando's bunk.
When you brought it back over however, Mando made no motion to remove his armor or
flight suit and allow you to treat his burns. Instead he looked at you, as if waiting for you.

"I can't treat you unless you take all that off." You frowned, and Mando tilted his head at you.



"Who said the med kit was for me?" He asked plainly, a small tint of confusion to his voice.
You stared back at him, puzzled.

"You just got shot with the pulse rifle." You replied, still trying to reason with his logic. "My
injuries are pretty superficial compared to that."

Mando shifted so he fully turned to face you, gently removing the infant from his lap, and
placing the child beside him. The infant made a sound of displeasure but didn’t try to reclaim
his position.

"It's a medical hazard to have you try and help me when you are still covered in blood." He
pointed out calmly. "I'm not letting you treat me until your wounds have been dressed."

As much as you wanted to argue, Mando's argument and tone left little room for compromise.
You frowned harder at him, trying to summon the words to argue, but eventually decided that
this was one of the battles you would have to concede. Instead, you held out your bloodied
hand, the cut from the thrown vibroblade still stinging in your palm.

Mando was surprisingly delicate as he balanced your hand against his thigh, reaching and
rummaging through the med kit. It was only once he drew off his gloves that he seemed to
realize that he too, was sporting a small gash on the inside of his palm as well. You shot him
a sly look, taking the bacta smear and bandage from him before he could protest.

It wasn’t the first time you had seen his hands, but it fascinated you nonetheless. No doubt
you'd never see his face under the helmet, understand what he truly looked like. Yet in this
you could catch a single glimpse of the man under the armor, could draw conclusions against
the lines of his calloused palms.

"How did you get this?" You asked quietly as you worked.

"A girl." He replied, voice hoarse inside his helmet. "I was trying to talk her out of a cage. I
think I must have scared her."

You let out a small huff, not bothering to hide the small upwards tug of your lips. "You are
scary." You pointed out, fastening the bandage securely.

Mando paused, as if choosing his next words carefully. "You aren't scared of me." He spoke
at last, almost hesitantly.

"I don't need to be." Your voice was low, soft, speaking as if you had made an uncertain
confession.

Mando didn't reply, once again taking your hand and wiping away the blood. As he reached
for the bacta smear he finally broke his silence.

"You're good at this." He remarked, nodding to his bandaged hand.

You smiled in self-satisfaction, the expression pleasant but fleeting. "You learn a lot fending
for yourself." You replied. "I had lots of chances to practice on myself and others when I was
a kid and later when I worked for the gang."



By this point you expected Mando to nod once, choosing again to be silent and leave the
conversation there. However, instead he seemed to take in your words, let them settle in him
before replying.

"I had to practice this as a child too."

You felt your eyebrow almost vanish into your hairline at his sudden voluntary remark, and
into the sudden glimpse of his past. You tried to summon a reply, still flabbergasted at his
sudden shift in demeanor, when he went on.

"Mandalorian children begin training at an early age." He continued. "Usually no older than
some of the children we rescued."

"Why so young?" You asked, voice only barely above a whisper. You were afraid if you
spoke too loudly, if you moved too quickly then it would scare him away, make him retreat
once more behind those walls of his.

The slow, methodical wrapping of your hand was almost soothing as he weighed his reply.
"There is much to learn." He offered at last. "The younger you start, the likelier you are to
survive and pass on your knowledge to the next generation."

You considered this. You didn't know much of Mandalorian culture, only the thing you had
heard from travelers and from Mando himself. You did know that the society was built
around battle, victory, and glory. It made sense that a culture so closely affiliated with aspects
of combat would place a heavy emphasis on the survival of their children so as to breed
warriors capable of surviving and raising their own progeny in kind.

"It must have been hard." You offered as Mando closed the clasps on your bandage. You
flexed it experimentally, feeling the wrapping resist and give as you tried it.

"It was." He conceded, sitting back and watching you. You squirmed a little under his gaze,
realizing his next treatment would require you to remove your shirt while you faced him.

You turned and tried to give yourself some privacy as you unfastened the clasps on your work
overalls, the ones you had worn since Kaddak, letting them fall off your shoulders. Your shirt
came next, and you winced as you stretched up your arms, feeling the slash on your side open
with the motion. Mando waited patiently, head slightly turned away as you undressed to your
undergarments and exposed the red wound on your side.

"This might sting." Mando murmured as you adjusted back towards him. Before you could
ask there was a sharp pinch on the inside of your elbow as he injected an antibiotic pen. You
felt the medication burn hotly through your veins for a moment before settling. In the time it
took for the sudden flare to fade, Mando had begun wiping away the blood from the gash.
You averted your eyes as he worked, feeling a warmth to your face that you couldn't attribute
to the medicine.

His bare hands were still slightly cold as they skimmed the place just below your rib cage, the
cleaning gel sending a small shiver up your flesh upon contact. You lifted your arm for him to



see, trying to ignore his head bent to inspect the long, somewhat shallow slice that curved
around your side.

As he did you felt a small tug on your other side, turning to see the child staring up at you
with wide eyes. You lifted him into your lap, letting him snuggle into you as Mando retrieved
the necessary supplies to address the cut. The child seemed to have settled somewhat after
you two had sat down, and now simply basked in the comfort of having his two guardians
safe at last. It didn't draw your eyes away from Mando continued to clean away the blood
from the gash. You could still feel the heat from his body and armor radiate off his form,
merely a breath away from you.

"Is that why you like kids?" You asked, desperately trying to distract yourself from just how
close he was. Mando's head jerked up to you, fingers stilling as his body language radiated
confusion.

You blinked, a little surprised. "I mean, that's why you rescued the kid, right?" You tried to
elaborate. The child seemed to realize he was being discussed and made a small ‘patoo’ of
curiosity. "That's part of the reason why you agreed to this job, at least."

Mando remained still for a moment longer, then resumed his motions of dressing your
wound. His silence stretched on, and for a moment you were sure he wouldn't reply at all.
You had almost given up hope by the time he had secured a bacta patch over the gash,
leaning back to view his handiwork.

"I...was like them, once." He spoke, and you didn't want to breath with how oddly vulnerable
he sounded all the sudden. "I had my home taken from me."

He remained still a moment longer, finishing whatever the thought was that followed that
sentence. Eventually he turned, allowing you to don your shirt once more. As you did he
began to remove his armor. The process was tedious, made slower by his pained and sluggish
movements. After a minute or so of watching him struggle you gently scooted closer,
reaching for the clasps to his armor plating and carefully removing them to set them aside.
Even then you had to work at his flight suit, his cape, his bracers, then his undershirt, until
finally his torso and arms were bare to you.

You couldn't help but suck in a breath at the sight. His skin was welted, discolored from the
electric shock. Snaking stripes of pale flesh had crawled across his warmly toned torso and
side, giving way to oozing bloodied burns that concentrated where his armor belonged. You
paused, rightfully horrified, trying to understand how he was even still conscious with how
bad the pain must have been.

"You need a kolto tank." You breathed, afraid to even touch him.

"Don't have one." He grunted, and even as he tried you could hear the pain in his voice.
"Just...do the best you can."

You swallowed hard, again removing the child from your lap and placing him at your side so
you could work. Then you began fishing for and finding a pain killer injector from the box. It
seemed a little dusty, but not past its expiration. It would have to do. You offered it to him,



and he took it gratefully before stabbing it in his bicep with a small, stifled groan. You waited
a minute, watching for the moment his shoulders eased as the medication worked, before
beginning.

He flinched at first as you smeared the bacta along the rivulets of burns on his skin. Trying to
distract him, you spoke again.

"What did you mean?" You asked, hoping you weren't pushing too hard on the topic. "When
you had your home taken from you."

This time Mando stilled, and you were entirely certain he would give an enigmatic response
before letting the exchange between you trail off. Again, however, he surprised you with his
response.

"I...wasn't always a Mandalorian." He spoke, words halting and uncertain. This time you
paused, the tips of your fingers pausing in covering one of the larger burns across his
pectoral. The revelation made you part your lips in wonder, shocked with this sudden secret
being laid bare before you.

His head was bent to observe you, body entirely too close. For a moment you wished you had
a helmet to cover the rising warmth on your face that reached all the way to the tips of your
ears. Still, you tried to continue as you spoke, words quiet in response to his wavering tone.

"What were you?" You asked, voice hovering above a whisper.

"A child."

You blinked, remaining silent and allowing him to continue. it was an odd subversion of your
usual interaction with the hunter, but you felt somehow that he needed to speak, to bestow
this story upon you.

"I am...I was a foundling." He elaborated. "Rescued and adopted by a Mandalorian when the
Empire devastated my planet."

You felt yourself soften at the words, the story a common one to what you had heard over and
over again. Yet it struck an odd familiarity to you, one that you couldn't place.

"I was raised in the fighting corps." He went on. "Treated as one of their own."

You nodded, satisfied with your attempts at the bacta and now reaching for the wide woven
bandage roll tucked into the med kit.

"Your clan." You realized aloud, fingers hovering above the gauze. "The one you spoke of
before."

He nodded in a silent affirmation. You felt your face fall, the image of a small child standing
alone amidst a ravaged world tugging at your chest. In it you saw the mirror image of
yourself, small and dirty as you gazed wordlessly out onto the dark and busy streets of
Kaddak. Two different people, two different planets and backgrounds, but each possessing
the same story.



"You must have had to leave behind everything." You murmured, gently prodding his arm
and lifting it to wrap the bandage fully around his shoulders and chest. You blinked, finally
being able to gaze past the wounds and realize just how muscular of a build the hunter
possessed. Stars, no wonder the Clawdite didn’t seem to want to take him head-on.

Mando only shook his head with a small movement. "There was nothing left for me." He
murmured. "I only took my name with me."

You finally finished, sitting again in front of him. At this height you were almost level with
the bottomless black of his visor, as deep and dark as the vast expanse of space. As glad as
you were to not witness the face under the helmet, you couldn't help but be curious as to what
his eyes looked like in this moment. The ship was silent around you, the child leaning into
your side as he too looked up at the warrior. You felt oddly vulnerable like this, your
conversation spoken in hushed confidence and in such close proximity. Despite Mando's
words he felt impossibly far away, as if each new fact you learned drew him further away
from you. You had so many questions, soul wanting nothing less in this moment to reach out
and touch his own in comfort for you both.

And yet, you couldn't help but ask a single query, praying that perhaps he would answer you.

"And what is your name?"

Mando didn’t move, didn't shy away from you, didn’t retreat behind those invisible walls he
had so carefully constructed to keep you away from him. Instead he looked at you
completely, as if suddenly recognizing you for the first time. In the silence you could almost
hear his breaths inside his helmet, harmonizing with the rapid flutter of your heartbeat. The
colors of the ship faded around you, drawing themselves to saturate the silver of his beskar
and bronze reflection of the cargo lights above. In this singular moment you felt that tenuous
connection between you sing with a vibrant unspoken energy, one you could not entirely
explain.

"Din." He murmured, so low you almost thought it was a sigh. "Din Djarin."

Chapter End Notes

Smellmeeve: It's chapter 15 and they haven't held hands yet

Me: //writes an entire 1000 words were they literally bandage each others hands ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Aaaand scene.

THIS ARC TOOK SO LONG?!

I think this arc alone is probably...30k words? Maybe more? Wild.

Anyways thanks for reading the remainder of the Rishi Arc! I really enjoyed sharing this
with you guys and seeing everyone's reactions to all the plot twists I had planned out.



Again huge thank you to Smellmeeve/okcoldplay on Tumblr who literally sat with me
and read through this chapter to make sure I wasn't getting Din out of character, that
things were flowing right, etc'.

Plus a huge HUGE shoutout to everyone who has given kudos, bookmarked,
commented, or even simply read this fic. I checked the other day on the Din
Djarin/Reader tag on Ao3 and sorted by Kudos and...found that this fic is now ranked on
page 2 of results. I am simply BLOWN AWAY by all the love this fic has received. I
never imagined it doing this well and I am continuously amazed by all of the wonderful
feedback. There's so many comments nowadays I don't have the time to properly
respond to them all. I just want you all to know that everyone who comments has my
everlasting love and even if I don't reply, your feedback makes my heart sing.

That being said, this fic will now be taking a hiatus for a little bit while I plan/organize
the next arc and focus on some short term stuff. There will be two mini-chapters coming
soon to fill the void, each aimed at being a transition into the next arc but a lot shorter
than the stuff I've been posting.

If you aren't following me on tumblr at Sprout-Fics, I recommend you do so to stay up
to date on future arcs, short stories, and soon, a 100 follower celebration giveaway! Give
me a follow there for details to be announced soon.

Thank you again for reading, and I'll see you all soon, I promise!



Chapter 16: Part Sixteen: The Lagoon
Chapter Summary

The shadow stopped just short of the waterfall, growing darker as it neared the surface.
A small burst of bubbles floated upwards a moment before the thing revealed itself.

Before you revealed yourself.

Din felt all his limbs go stiff, blood pressure rising as he realized what he was looking
at. Even though only your head and shoulders were visible, it was very clear that you
were as bare as the day you had been born.

Karking hell-

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Soft dirt crunched under Din's boots as he wandered further into the jungle. His pace was
slow, muscles still twinging from his injuries of several days prior. It had taken a considerable
amount of effort to get dressed in his usual clothes, sans the beskar armor. The heavy fabric
was not kind to his skin in the hot and humid jungles of Rishi, ensuring that a thing sheen of
sweat covered his whole body. It only further irritated the burns decorating his entire body.
Still, after days of tending to the now scabbing burns, Din had reached a point where he
couldn't take it anymore.

He needed a karking bath.

With the fresher on the Razorcrest letting out only an intermittent burst of water on the best
of days, it meant Din had to pursue alternative options. Which is why now, as he emerged
from the underbrush to the morning lit clearing, that he gazed out upon a small lagoon.

It was large, enough so that any visitors would likely not spot him in the shadows of the
waterfall on the far side of the stream. The emerald green foliage of the jungle, lit brightly by
the rising sun, framed the sparkling blue waters of the estuary with a babbling beckon for Din
to shed his remaining layers and dive in.

An inadvertent sigh left him. A humid planet, least of all a humid planet, was not kind to
those constantly trekking through dense forests wearing beskar. The temptation of the lagoon
had been taunting him for days, but Din had needed to wait until his burns had healed enough
for him to indulge himself.

He had waited until you had left for the morning, taking the child with you, and likely going
off to entertain some of the younger villagers who had taken such a keen liking to you.



Ankau's sister in particular had begun tailing you everywhere you went after her rescue from
the traffickers. He wasn't sure how, but somehow you possessed a magnetic charm that had
earned you an easy familiarity with most of the villagers, and it showed.

Din admitted it was nice seeing you relaxed and happy as the days went on. Far away from
the reaches of the Empire or Republic, the village was a safe haven for you three. Without the
constant pressure of being chased, Din too could find himself easing into a daily ritual. It
reminded him of Sorgan, of Omera and Cara and the easy days after the invaders had been
defeated. Din knew that the time was coming soon where the three of you would have to
leave again, continue on in the hopes that the hunters after you and the child wouldn't catch
up, but you had time yet before that arrived.

In the meantime Din could watch you as you helped a younger villager lift a basket of fruit to
her home, or talk for hours on end to Ankau, who's ever persistent curiosity of the world
beyond the village made him an easy companion. In the hours between dusk and sleep you
would sit with Din and the child inside the Razorcrest, speaking softly as Din's charge slowly
drifted off to sleep. In the orange glow of the fire outside the ship Din could see the way your
face relaxed into a warm smile. It touched a part of him that he didn't realize existed before,
stirring a gentle and unfamiliar longing in his chest.

Then there were the moments when Din struggled to undo the bandages covering his torso,
trying to treat the snaking electrical burns that were slowly easing into silvery pink scars.
More than once you had found him as he attempted to re-wrap the bandages and had come to
his aid, nimble mechanic hands skimming over his bare back as he suppressed a shiver. It was
strange, having someone so close while he was so vulnerable. It was mutual, however. After
all, as Din had borne his scars to you after that day, so had you to him. The matching slice on
both of your palms was evidence enough of that.

There were moments between you two in which you circled ever closer to each other, like a
pair of twin suns drawn together by gravity. Yet every time the odd peace between you two
began to lengthen, voices lowering and speaking of things past and dreams had, Din would
force himself away. He couldn't explain it, not yet at least. As much as he enjoyed the quiet
moments in your presence, the crackling of a nighttime fire filling the comfortable space
between the two of you, he couldn't help a strange feeling of unease.

It felt wrong, in a way. Din had long since sworn to work alone, and the habit was a hard one
to break. Too many years of fallen allies and friends turned traitors bore down on him. You
had proved yourself more than once, but the lingering unease of simply having someone
occupy the same space unsettled Din. Yet when you had spoken to him on the Razorcrest,
that night filled with war drums and orange torches lighting the village, he couldn't bear to lie
to you. He wanted you to stay, even as he desperately tried to deny himself.

So, the uneasy peace between the two of you persisted. Din could tell you were puzzled by
the way he suddenly departed from the campfire at night or gave you short-handed answers at
questions. It likely confused you as to why he had suddenly retreated back into the barrier he
had erected between the two of you, even after revealing his name. It was because, more than
anything, Din could feel a strange sense akin to guilt gnawing at his stomach.



Guilt at betraying his silent promise to work alone, guilt at allowing you to stay, guilt at
speaking his own name to you, guilt that he had wanted to.

It went against everything he knew. Secrecy, anonymity, silence was the key to survival for
his culture. Yet he had confided in you, going against the culture he had been taught and the
lessons he had learned. More than that, he had done so willingly, wanting to see you ever
closer and wanting you to know him simultaneously. He was sure Paz Vizsla and his clan
would laugh at him for his odd fascination with you, with an outsider. Still, a part of Din
didn't care.

To travel with someone who wouldn't betray him, who trusted him, and he trusted in turn,
someone who even in their own self-interest had decided against leaving him, was a foreign
but welcome warmth inside Din's chest. One that he couldn't explain, couldn't understand and
desperately tried to ignore.

He needed to scrub his thoughts off of him like the growing scabs over his wounds, wash
away the conflict in his mind and resolve himself once more. It was in that spirit that Din had
left soon after you had for the morning, slinking away into the woods with soap and towel in
hand.

Din stood at the edge of the pool, taking in the sight of the lagoon again before slowly
beginning to remove his flight suit. The prickle of heat sent a bead of sweat crawling down
his spine.

Just as he had finished removing his suspenders something caught the corner of his eye .
Instantly his gaze shifted, hand snapping instinctively to his holster and reaching for the
blaster there.

A shadow moved under the water's surface, winding its way towards the blue waterfall as Din
watched it. Wariness shifted in his thoughts, muscles coiled in readiness. He was almost
certain that there weren't any water-borne predators this close to the village, but he couldn't
be certain. Slick creatures with slender bodies and sharp teeth could easily have wandered too
close to the village without any of the hunters being aware. If that was true, Din might be
caught trying to fend one off despite his injuries.

The shadow stopped just short of the waterfall, growing darker as it neared the surface. A
small burst of bubbles floated upwards a moment before the thing revealed itself.

Before you revealed yourself.

Din felt all his limbs go stiff, blood pressure rising as he realized what he was looking at.
Even though only your head and shoulders were visible, it was very clear that you were as
bare as the day you had been born. Water dripped from your hair as you stretched your bare
arms upward, skin slick with moisture.

Karking hell-

Din was so surprised that for a moment he couldn't tear himself away, watching as you easily
paddled to the shore where a set of clothes was stacked alongside a small bag of soaps and



herbs. He continued to stare despite himself, despite the fact that you didn't even see him and
hoisted yourself onto the stream bank, revealing your naked shoulders and back and-

Din turned abruptly, the Rishi heat incomparable to the blush that flamed across his face and
all the way down to his stomach.

The motion caused some of the foliage around him to rustle, alerting you to the fact that you
weren't alone.

He heard you pause, likely still halfway out of the pool and turned towards the source of the
sound.

Shit, shit, shit-

"Is someone there?" You called, and Din wanted to crawl into the dark damp soil of the
planet to hide himself. "Hello?"

It took every ounce of self-control he had to not rip his helmet off and press the cool metal of
his bracers to his flaming cheeks, shame and embarrassment turning his face a bright scarlet.
Gods, he begged. Just smite him there. Forget about protecting you and the kid, just let him
die right there in the shade of the Rishi jungle.

"Hello?" You called again, voice tinting with fear.

"I-it's me." Din called at last from his hiding place, stubbornly turned away from the pool and
your figure. "I-I'm sorry. I didn't realize-"

"D-did you see?" You interjected, shrill voice doing nothing to hide the scandalization in your
tone.

"No!" Din replied instantly, his own voice matching yours in terms of embarrassment. It was
only a half-lie. "I...I saw your shoulders and back. That's all, I-I promise."

He wished he could thunk himself hard enough on the tree trunk to his back in hopes of
purging himself of the memory, shame at letting his gaze linger a little too long washing over
him. Yet as if cursing him the image of the water sliding off your hair and shoulders down to
your waist replayed in his mind over and over again.

You were silent for a long moment, and Din was already summoning his reaction to
accusations of pervert and sleemo from you. He felt like every one of them even as he
cradled his helmeted head in his hands with a stifled groan.

However instead you surprised him by letting out a nervous laugh.

"I...I guess I should have told you where I was going." You offered, and if anything, Din felt
worse.

"I'm sorry." He called again in reply, voice almost petulant. Even if you did forgive him he
doubted he'd accept it. He didn't deserve it, not after continuing to look and even now for the



warmth pooling in his gut as his brain conjured the rest of your figure beneath the water's
surface.

Surely the Empire, with all their technological superiority, had found a way to rewind time or
at least erase memories, right? Right?

Din blinked, realizing that if you both were here then-

"The kid?" he asked and winced at how choked his voice sounded when he spoke.

"Sleeping." Came your immediate reply. "I have Ankau and his little sister watching him,
don't worry."

That did at least let him breathe a sigh of relief, even if his body didn't relax at all.

"I-I'll just go-" He stuttered, despite the fact that a cold dunk in the lagoon was probably the
best thing for him at the moment. Yet as he moved to stand and walk back to the Razorcrest,
your voice stopped him.

"Wait!"

He paused, still faced away from the pool, but listening to your voice.

"I was um...I was almost done." You called. "If you could um- j-just wait a minute then I can
go and you- you can have a turn..." You trailed off, and then quickly added "Just so long as
you don't look."

He shouldn't. He really, really shouldn't.

"I...I can wait." Din said instead, and instantly thunked his helmet against the trunk behind
him at the words escaping him.

"What was that sound?"

"Nothing." He groaned, feeling the impact rattle his brain. He was damned. He was well and
truly damned.

You paused, and Din could tell you weren't convinced, but eventually he heard you slip back
into the water with a small splash. Instantly his mind unhelpfully summoned an image of just
your neck and shoulders bobbing above the sparkling blue lagoon waters, face just as flushed
as his own and eyes wide like a doe as his gaze met yours.

Kriff.

"Are-um. Are your burns okay?" Your voice asked, and Din was grateful for the distraction.

"They're fine." He replied. "...and a little itchy."

"Ah. It makes sense why you'd want a bath then." You offered, and there was some small
splashing as you continued to bathe. Din resisted the temptation to look again, curiosity



gnawing at him like a massif chewing on a bantha bone. "It must hurt still, I'm sorry."

"Don't be." Din returned. "You...did a good job treating them."

"O-oh. I'm...I'm glad."

The silence lingered again between you two, filled only by the gentle babbling of the
waterfall. Din wasn't sure how much more he could take, desperately needing a cold relief
despite the fact that you were still in the water.

"Do you mind, um, if we maybe take a trip into town at some point?" You asked hesitantly.
"My clothes...they got torn when I was fighting. I've been relying on...on a shirt I found in
your bunk"

Din blinked, remembering the thin slice across your abdomen that he had dressed. The rest of
the memory filled in for him, periphery revealing the curve of your waist even as he had kept
his eyes trained on the wound. Dank ferrick, he really was a besom, a pervert.

"Yes." He said instead. Even if he didn't have the credits for it, he couldn't have you walking
around the Razorcrest half exposed like that. His own embarrassment aside, he was sure
you'd be humiliated at the situation as well.

Yet the image of you in nothing but his spare shirt conjured a deep unrelenting heat in his gut.
Din forced himself to breathe, the air in his helmet suddenly stale.

"Thank you." You returned, and if only you knew the thoughts in his head right now you
wouldn't have bothered.

You shouldn't have to thank him, his mind offered. You deserved that much for everything
you had done so far. If anything, you deserved more than a spare set of clothes. Maybe an
actual mattress for your small bunk, or even some armor to prevent the same incident from
happening again, or even some decent hygiene items so you didn't have to rely on scavenged
herbs to wash away the sweat from the jungle planet. What did they even smell like
anyways?

Probably better not to let the thought linger.

"Mando?"

Din blinked. You had surprised him by continuing to call him that despite learning his name.
It was almost as if you realized he was uncertain about it and had opted for a more
comfortable term. For a split second Din wished you would call him by his name, a hand
beckoning you towards the pool...

He thunked his head on the trunk again, with force this time.

"Mando?" You called again, concerned.

"I'm here." He called back, mouth dry.



"I'm just about done. I need to get dressed and then you can come out."

Don't. He told himself the second the thought of you getting dressed passed his mind. Do not.

"Take your time." He supplied instead despite the growing urgency of needing to get in the
water.

He could hear the sound of you slipping out of the pool like a water nymph, likely curled up
on the mossy embankment as you dried off. Each moment that passed was torture, and it was
all Din could do to breathe and not look.

"Do you need me to help you with your bandages?" You asked, and Din bit back a groan.

"N-no. I'll be fine. Thank you."

You hummed, and Din could hear you gather your things. "Okay, I'm all done. You can come
out now."

"I-I'll wait until you go." Din replied.

"You sure?"

"Yes." And Din was begging whatever superior power lay in the heavens that you would just
go. "S-sorry, again."

"It's okay." You replied, voice a little soft. "I...appreciate you being honest."

You definitely wouldn't be if you knew half the images Din had conjured during the rest of
your bathe. Yet finally Din could hear you slip off into the underbrush, traveling back in the
direction of the jungle and keeping a wide berth of the lagoon.

He waited an extra minute after your steps had faded before practically tearing off his helmet
to gasp for air. The humidity of the jungle was a cool relief to his burning, scandalized
expression. It took even a few more minutes for Din to fully compose himself and resume
discarding his layers.

Then, slipping into the cool relief of the lagoon, he held his breath and sank to the very
bottom of the stream in hopes the cold silence of the water would drown out his churning,
brazen thoughts.

Chapter End Notes

Poor Din, lol. Hope you guys enjoyed our poor beskar boi caught up in his own thoughts
;)

Arc Three coming soon!






Chapter 17: Part Seventeen: The Anomaly
Chapter Summary

"So, you mean to tell me-" Gideon cut her off, turning to face her fully now. Though the
Moff was not broad nor tall, his stature commanded respect, and in this case, fear. "That
your current empty handedness is due to the 'best' of your ability, then?"

She couldn't speak, Gideon's stare boring past her own and gazing into the depths of her
being.

He was going to kill her, she realized with a cold dreaded shudder. Right here, on the
bridge, in front of everyone. What was worse is that no one would stop him, come to her
defense. Her name probably wouldn't even be remembered as her body was disposed
into the freezing, merciless vacuum of space.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The vacuum of space offered little respite from the cold, uneasy silence aboard Gideon's
cruiser. Even as small bits of chatter filtered over the communications boards, and the
engines below hummed a steady even tune, the bridge was unbearably quiet.

Every officer, communications technician, intelligence agent, and stormtrooper could
instantly tell when the Moff was in a foul mood. Perhaps it was the almost imperceptible
stiffening of his shoulders, the hard set of his jaw. Maybe it was the way his hands were
wrapped behind his back, stance wide as he observed the vast expanse of space before him.
The fine, subtle hardening of his voice spoke of a tightly controlled, icy temper that chilled
the already cool air of the bridge.

No doubt everyone on the bridge had been witness to one of Gideon's rare and deadly
outbursts before. He was cold, calculating, willing to sacrifice every one of them to achieve
his goals. Rumors from the more experienced of the crew spoke of the time that Gideon had
cut down an officer that dared to disagree with him using the darksaber at his disposal.

Some admired that about him, some lived in fear of him. Everyone knew that if they dared to
try and leave Gideon's faction they would die, pure and simple. Beit a bounty hunter, one of
their own, or perhaps a simple ‘accident,’ none who left the Imperial Remnant survived. For
many that reason alone was the only cause of why they stayed despite the remnants of the
Empire rapidly crumbling around them.

On days like this, however, it was enough to make even the most battle hardened among them
keep their heads down in hopes of not attracting the Moff's attention. To all, it was perfectly
clear that the Moff had dark thoughts churning in his mind.



Gideon was furious.

Only a few in Gideon's inner circle knew the reason why. One of their primary targets had
simply vanished, leaving barely a trace in a vast and rapidly changing galaxy. Days of
searching, combing through communications, holonet, news, security feeds, probes,
everything at their disposal had granted them little headway on locating the Mandalorian
Hunter Din Djarin, the child in his care, and the unknown person traveling with him. Why
Gideon wanted the two targets traveling with the Mando remained a mystery. Rumors
circulated about scientific research, about a target never obtained during the days of the
Empire. Though the exact cause was unclear, what remained obvious was that Gideon's
temper was rapidly running short, teetering on the brink of violence.

So, when the intelligence analyst tasked with finding the Mandalorian and his companions
arrived on deck, everyone took a collective bated breath in anticipation of the violence to
follow.

Her pristinely polished black boots clicked loudly against the silence of the bridge as she
walked the ramp towards the Moff. A single weapons officer glanced up at her as she passed,
eyes widening at her blanched pale face.

She stopped a small distance away from the Moff, pausing behind him in a salute. The
silence left by the absence of her footsteps weighed down heavily across all present, like the
gravity of an unstable moon.

"You wanted to see me, sir." She spoke after several moments, and Gideon did not offer an
immediate response. Instead he kept his eyes trained on the starry expanse before him, the
ship sheltered from Republic patrols in the shadow of a distant uncharted moon. The vacuum
of space did little to soften the harsh stillness of the bridge, and the Moff who commanded it.

"Report." He spoke at last, the word failing to betray the intensity of his gaze pointed away
from the officer.

The officer paused for a moment, remaining in her salute, choosing her words carefully. The
eyes of the crew aboard the deck pressed down on her, their collective gaze making her skin
crawl with their stares. Gideon called her here for a reason, she realized. He was set on
making an example of her.

"...We remain in pursuit of several leads on the location of the Mandalorian hunter and his
two passengers." She responded, voice clipped and professional despite the unsteady shake of
her hands.

Gideon again remained silent, and the officer felt her mouth go dry at his prolonged silence.

"Tell me more about these leads." Gideon inquired almost idly.

It took a considerable amount of control for the officer to not take a deep breath to steady
herself.



"We have sent out agents to surrounding star systems of Hypori." She replied. "Which was
the last known sighting of the hunter. These systems include the Excarga, Roon, and Molavar
systems as well as those in the Arkanis sector. Based on the Mandalorian's previous jumps
and sightings, we have not yet expanded the search to include the Rhodia, Ryloth, and Rishi
sectors."

"And if your calculations are wrong?" Gideon asked abruptly, and the officer felt her breath
vanish in her throat.

"...We have sent probes out to those sectors and are currently monitoring holonet frequencies
as well."

"Why haven't you found anything then, despite your extensive and well-prepared search?"
And now Gideon turned, facing halfway towards the officer, and pinned her to the spot with
his unblinking stare.

The officer swallowed, arm aching from remaining in her salute. Subtly, her eyes traced the
ancient artifact slipped to the Moff's belt, remembering its black blade, dark as the void of
space.

"I asked you a question, officer." Gideon's voice remained almost gentle, head barely tilting
to take in the wide-eyed officer before him. "Is it possible that you do not have an answer?"

"No- I mean, yes sir." She spoke, voice cracking with the sudden dryness in her throat. "It
appears since the time which the Mandalorian has obtained a second passenger that his
movements have become erratic."

Gideon hummed a low note, as if considering her words.

"Tell me more about this passenger." He spoke, voice shifting to a sudden interest. He turned
again, back to the window, and the officer felt her knees go weak with relief. "Besides the file
that you showed me, report what else you've discovered."

Then, the officer blanched. There truly was nothing she could offer except excuses.

"...It has been difficult to piece together the details on this person." She offered at last, feeling
goosebumps crawl up her spine at the almost unnoticeable tilt of Gideon's head. "Many files
have been irretrievable since the destruction of Scarrif and the Death Star. The files from the
Galactic Republic were severely damaged."

She paused, trying to collect herself before continuing.

"We do not know how this person has managed to escape the Empire's scrutiny. It seems they
took great lengths to conceal their identity."

Gideon fell silent once more, and the officer knew that he was turning over her words in his
mind, picking apart the bare details like the renowned strategist he was. Yet she couldn't help
the dry swallow of her throat, the tremble in her arm after not being relieved of her salute.

"In other words, you do not have any further information to report."



The officer couldn't suppress the shudder that ran through her at his words, instead offering:
"We are pursuing all possible leads to the best of our ability-"

"The 'best', you say?"

If the bridge has been quiet before her arrival, the collective freeze of everybody on the
bridge following Gideon's words put to shame the iciest depths of the planet Hoth.

The officer could feel all the blood drain from her face and settle in her stomach with the
sudden urge to flee.

She tried to wet her lips, tried to speak. "I-"

"So, you mean to tell me-" Gideon cut her off, turning to face her fully now. Though the Moff
was not broad nor tall, his stature commanded respect, and in this case, fear. "That your
current empty handedness is due to the 'best' of your ability, then?"

She couldn't speak, Gideon's stare boring past her own and gazing into the depths of her
being.

He was going to kill her, she realized with a cold dreaded shudder. Right here, on the bridge,
in front of everyone. What was worse is that no one would stop him, come to her defense.
Her name probably wouldn't even be remembered as her body was disposed into the freezing,
merciless vacuum of space.

A hard lump formed in her throat at the idea, eyes hot with the threat of tears. She couldn't.
She couldn't cry. To do so would almost be worse than death, having been so deftly
humiliated in front of her colleagues. They didn't look at her, not directly. Instead they all
kept their eyes glued to their stations, not moving, hardly breathing in a silent, morbid
observation.

"No sir." She managed at last, voice hoarse. "I will see to it that agents are dispatched to the
Rhodian, Ryloth, and Rishii systems."

"And?" Gideon asked, arching a single eyebrow. The officer floundered for a moment, trying
to rack her brain for anything else she could possibly contribute.

"....and I will personally contact our agents within the Hunter's guild, including those in the
New Republic."

Gideon seemed satisfied with this, and though his expression did not change, he blinked and
inclined his head to the viewport once more. Yet he did not dismiss her, allowing the officer
to remain just short of his reach.

He could step forward with the darksaber, she thought, horrified. His carefully controlled
temper would snap any moment now, and the cold, dreaded slice of his weapon would pierce
her heart straight through-

"They say." The Moff began, and her eyes snapped from the hilt of the weapon to Gideon's
face. "That an army is only as strong as its weakest soldier."



The officer didn't let the confusion show on her face as Gideon continued.

"The Empire was weak for this reason." He went on, and for a moment it felt as if he was
speaking not to her, but to some invisible entity of a ghost long passed. "At its very core were
those who failed to recognize that it was their duty to bring order to the galaxy and chose
instead the concept of anarchy that the Rebellion espoused."

The officer knew what he spoke of, knew the hidden meaning in his words. The name of the
man who had set forth the destruction of the Empire with a single stroke of resistance lay
heavy against Gideon's mind.

Galen Erso.

To speak the name meant certain death. Gideon's unrivaled hatred of the known Imperial
traitor and the consequences of the man's actions lived forever in infamy to the Moff. The
fact that he was mentioning the scientist at all was a dangerous and thinly veiled warning,
like a knife brandished in the velvet softness of midnight.

"We, however, are not weak." Gideon continued, voice sharp and commanding. "From the
ashes of the Empire we will be the ones to bring peace to a galaxy at war with itself. For that
I need soldiers who will not waver, who will not offer excuses, who will lay down their lives
for our cause."

Gideon's eyes snapped to her, and all the breath in her body left her at his gaze.

"I will not tolerate any weakness in my soldiers. Any and all failure will be met with
consequences."

He didn't bother to hide the venom from his voice now, baring his teeth like an incensed
predator. Again, the officer's eyes flicked to the darksaber at his hip, and Gideon's eyes
followed them there. As her stare fell upon his face again, his eyes lingered on the weapon
with a heavy insinuation before meeting her gaze once more.

"Am I understood?" He asked simply, and the officer nodded rapidly. Her arm had since lost
feeling, the blood having drained all the way to her gut, sitting there and boiling with fear. It
took much of her strength to keep up a salute that felt like it would last forever and ever.

This was her final chance, she realized. Anything less than dazzling results would mean the
end of her. She would vanish, much like many of her fellow officers following Gideon's
purge after the explosion of the Death Star. She could only imagine how it would happen.
Poison in her food perhaps, of the cold slice of a blade while she slept, an ‘accident’ in the
hangar that would leave her tumbling into the void of space. All of those would be a simple
relief than the idea of Gideon slicing her open on the bridge as her fellow officers didn't look,
pretended not to see even as she reached a hand for their aid.

Gideon was right, she had to succeed, no matter what.

"Yes, sir." She replied at last, the words betraying the desperate fear in her despite their
professional tone.



"Dismissed."

As the officer left, practically scampering from the bridge, Gideon again turned to the
viewport. The sharp, precise sound of his boots against the floor echoed through the bridge,
until his entire vision was filled by the window. The officers in the command pits around him
remained still, lest they attract the Moff’s attention.

Gideon never tired of the view aboard the bridge while they were in orbit. His eyes were
filled with the endless constellations of stars before him. To Gideon it symbolized the infinite
possibilities, the limitless potential of his plans.

There was a reason he had survived the Empire's fall, after all. It was not some higher logic
such as destiny, or what the Jedi referred to as 'the will of the Force'. No, he had come this far
of his own accord, his own abilities, and calculations. His renowned strategist mind had
earned him a place as Moff, and now, it had guaranteed him a place in the formation of a new
order to the galaxy.

Naturally, there were always variables. He relished in them, of course. If everything always
went to his plans then his path would be very dull, after all. Variables were there to be
controlled, to be wrestled into submission.

The Hunter Din Djarin was one of them, his constantly fluctuating path another. Gideon had
not expected him to take the child into his care, protect him as he had done so far. It was an
odd development, but perhaps not an unwelcome one.

Then there was you. The stranger, the stowaway that had boarded the Mandalorian's ship.
Your origins had been a most pleasant surprise, the paradox of your survival a fascinating
interest to the Moff. How you had managed to escape the Empire's notice before captivated
him intensely. There was still much unknown about you. Gideon had not accounted for the
renegade Mandalorian hunter, but even less so for your own appearance.

Not a variable, he thought silently. An anomaly. One that had yet to yield its infinite secrets
to him.

One that he would conquer.

Chapter End Notes

I scared myself writing this help-

Arc Three: 'Coruscant' coming soon!

---

Also: Holy SHIT you guys we made it to the first page of Din Djarin/Reader. Good lord
I'm STUNNED by the attention this fic has received. I- //passes away






Chapter 18: Part Eighteen: The Market
Chapter Summary

Distantly, you wished you could stay in this moment forever. You wanted to stay
suspended in the moment between his confession and when he would dance away again,
forbidding himself from straying too close. If only you could live like this for eternity,
you thought, hanging in this moment where the cool evening breeze tickled your warm
cheeks and the shower of petals fell between the two of you. Maybe then you could take
a step closer, try to see the eyes beneath Din's helmet as they gazed back into you.

Chapter Notes

Recommended listening for courtyard scene: "Princess Liea's theme"

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Raider's Cove was just as busy as it had been the first time you, Mando, and the child had
arrived on the planet. The bustling downtown marketplace hummed with life, bodies pushing
past each other on narrow streets and platforms. Being in such a crowd only worsened the
humid thick air of the lowlands, which was a far cry from the cooler elevated heights of the
Rishi village. The cacophony of the urban jungle neared deafening at times. Merchants
loudly hawked their wares and travelers pushed through the throng of chattering residents.
Yet the atmosphere was lively, friendly as neighbors and vendors talked over the noisy crowd
with wide smiles and good-natured haggling.

You had been the one to convince Mando to take a trip into town and reluctantly, he had
agreed. While you had been enthusiastic at a day out shopping, your excitement had been
dulled by your companion’s tense silence beside you. The presence of so many eyes glancing
at the stranger with the beskar cuirass and small green child unsettled him, you knew. It was
the way his hands remained closed at his sides, gait controlled and body stiff as you traversed
the marketplace. If the situation weren’t dire you would have regretted dragging him beyond
the secluded Rishii village.

At the same time, you could only stand so many days of walking around in borrowed and
bloodied clothes. You only had the clothes on your back during your escape from Kaddak and
had somehow managed to keep them decently clean during your travels so far. However now
that they had been shredded and stained whilst defending the child and the Razorcrest, trying
to upkeep that habit was impossible. Plus, you could only borrow the spare shirt you had
found on the ship for so long. You assumed it was Mando's, and if your other clothes weren’t
in such bad shape you would have felt a little embarrassed to be using it for so long.



Even now your shirt, which clung to your sweaty form like a second skin, bore the damage
from your struggle a week prior. You had opted to leave Mando's freshly laundered shirt on
the Razorcrest, hesitantly swapping it for the sliced shirt and overalls you had worn before.
Your only saving grace preventing you from being exposed was a poncho, lent to you by one
of the village girls, which hid the scarlet stain and ripped fabric from wandering eyes.

You carried the child in your arms tucked against the woven material of the poncho and could
see his wide brown gaze darting to take in the colorful marketplace with dyed fabrics and
exotic wares. Fruits you had never seen before decorated the food stands, and as you walked
you could smell a mouthwatering delicacy from one of the creaky wooden walkways above
you. A glance upward showed a spiral of cooking smoke floating up into the lilac-colored
sky. Colorfully dyed fabrics hung from clotheslines above the street, wavering gently in the
salty ocean breeze.

It was familiar, in some ways, to be back in busy streets. Rishi was comparably different from
the dry, cracked air of Kaddak. Where your home planet had mud structures with fissured
walls from the blazing heat of the sun and a forever orange tint on the horizon, Rishi spoke in
its language of cobbled together buildings, wooden walkways, and creeping foliage. Yet the
thrumming heartbeat of the city echoed within you as a familiar friend, one you had known
all your life.

Mando had remained glued to your side, commanding space in the packed streets and
alleyways you navigated. Every time that you had to force your way through a group of
people or step around a vendor with arms full of goods Mando had guided you around and
through the throng. When you stopped for directions, it was Mando who spoke in a low but
authoritative tone. Idling groups parted upon seeing his black visor lock onto them, shuffling
respectfully out of the way for you three to pass. More than once Mando had tucked you into
his side with a careful grip, maneuvering you away from a particularly rough looking cluster
of travelers or a shady individual.

Weeks ago, you would have flinched at his gentle hand on your shoulder or at the small of
your back. Yet after all this time alongside him, his simple gesture was reassuring, protective
even. You couldn't help but feel as if you had your own personal bodyguard, vigilant and
stern yet treating you as if you were made of glass. A small huff of laughter left you, earning
a curious 'patu' from the toddler in your arms. You smiled down at him and let a finger trace
his long green ears, to which he gave you a toothy smile.

Then you turned your attention to the Mando beside you, watching him scan the marketplace
with a hawk-like gaze, investigating for threats and possible dangers that lurked in the
darkened alleyways of the market. You could tell from the stiffened set of his shoulders, the
way his hands were clenched at his sides, that he was anxious at being surrounded by this
many people. You wished you could pull him aside, try to reassure him and watch his body
language relax at the sound of your voice.

Din, he said his name was. The sound was warm, like a friend. Yet on your tongue it tasted
foreign, forbidden. He had confessed it in the moments where you two sat a breath away
from each other, wounds open and gazes wide at each other's vulnerability. He hadn't insisted
you call him as much since then, and you felt almost as if you did not deserve this secret title



which he had offered to you. Yet alone in your bunk at night, hidden in the dark recesses of
the village hut on the straw mattress, you let the sound ripple over your tongue in secret.

Since that moment aboard the Razorcrest he had changed. You couldn't decipher why, but
Din’s behavior had shifted since that morning. At times he was soft, closing the distance
between you in ways you had not expected. He offered to help reach shelves you couldn't,
letting a hand brush on your shoulder to signal he was passing you in the cargo hold. He sat
with you in the evenings as the child fell asleep in your arms, beskar helmet dancing with the
shadows of the fire. He let himself relax, let his voice soften as he spoke to you over the
sound of the child's gentle snores.

Then, as if remembering something, he would leave just as quickly as he had come, once
again creating the wall he had constructed between you. You would get a brief good night, a
farewell before he vanished into the ship. You wished you could understand, could fathom his
strange contradictory actions. He seemed at war with himself over something you couldn't
see nor comprehend.

"Here." Din spoke, interjecting himself between your thoughts. Abruptly he nodded towards
an empty alleyway leading to a shaded shop away from the busy street. Before you could
blink he was once again leading you carefully by the elbow away from the main street and
towards the smaller pathway. You had to squeeze after him, the both of you sidestepping
through the alleyway to where it opened up again at the end. Stepping out of the shadows
revealed a small open space between the ruck shack buildings, allowing the afternoon
sunlight to stream through and illuminate you three.

A curtained doorway sat in the side of a ruck shack metal building, its tin roof reflecting the
tropical sun above. You gave Mando a cursory glance, unsure of his particular choice in
venue. Yet you allowed yourself to be directed forward, walking in front of Mando as he
slunk into the shop behind you.

As you pushed past the threadbare curtain into the shop, you could see only a simple
worktable, a number of materials scattered about, and an archway to a backroom that
revealed a number of crates, boxes, and containers. The counter itself was tended by a slender
Nautolan girl who was leaning over a holopad. Her garments differed from the loose, colorful
fabrics of the native residents in the market before. Instead, she looked almost as if she had
come from the mid-rim, with her collared shirt and fitted pocketed pants. As you three
crowded into the small shop space she stood, letting her eyes linger over Mando's shiny
beskar armor.

"What can I get you for?" She asked bluntly, tucking a stylus into a pocket brimming with
tools. Her voice had a slow drawl to it, and it reminded you of a traveler you had spoken to
once who said he hailed from Corellia. "Armor maintenance?"

You stepped forward to speak, but Din interjected before you could.

"Need a couple sets of clothes, a flight suit, and a plastoid armor chest piece." He rattled off
in his typical low modulated tone. Before you could add anything he turned to you, taking the
green toddler from your arms, and instead pressing a small bag of credits into your palm. You
gaped at the weight, feeling the credits within sink into your hands.



"Wait, Mando." You interjected hurriedly. "This is so much, where-"

"It was the bounty for the Clawdite." He murmured, lowering his voice so the shopkeeper
couldn't hear. "It's yours."

You shook your head almost frantically, brow furrowing. You couldn’t accept this. You had
never made this much at once during all your years as a mechanic. "B-but you were the one
who-"

"It wasn't my blaster bolt that killed them." Din insisted, ignoring the reach of the child in his
arms trying the grasp the mysterious sachet in your hands. In the partial sunlight of the
doorway his shadow fell over you. His visored gaze locked onto yours, and you knew
beneath it he was giving you a stern yet kind stare.

"It's yours." He insisted again, and you remembered to close your gaping mouth before
nodding. You felt a flush rise to your face, one that you couldn't attribute to the humid
atmosphere.

"Don't get cheated." He warned in a murmur, bending so the modulator on his helmet brushed
up against your hair. You felt your heart thump at how suddenly close he was. "Find me
outside when you're done."

You nodded, watching as he turned and pushed the curtain closed behind him. He paused
outside, armor glinting with the sunlight. He turned halfway back towards you, nodding once
before vanishing back into the alleyway from which you had both come.

Turning to the Nautolan behind the counter, you offered her a small smile. In return she
raised an eyebrow at you, curious but offering no questions pertaining to you or your two odd
travel companions. After a beat she sighed and waved you behind the counter.

"Let's get started then, shall we?"

----

It took at least a few hours, but eventually you had assembled enough clothes to ensure you
wouldn't have to borrow any other shirts from Mando's wardrobe.

You had opted for several soft but sturdy collared shirts, letting the top buttons open for
freedom of movement and comfortability. You admired the shopkeeper's fitted workpants,
choosing two similar pairs for yourself as well. Added to that was a tool belt, a holster for
your blaster, and a pocketed vest.

You hadn't originally felt the need to purchase a lightweight chest plate as well, but Din's
mention of it combined with the memory of being held at gunpoint prompted you to do so. It
wasn't nearly as heavy as the beskar you had helped him get out of to treat his wounds, but
the weight of it against your torso was surprisingly sturdy, if not a tad cumbersome. It
wouldn’t hold up being held at point blank, but it provided a safeguard against any long-
range fire. You likely wouldn’t have to wear it all if you simply stayed in the Razorcrest next



time Din went on a hunt. Still, having something to keep you safe was likely a sound
investment.

Instead of a flight suit you picked out a pair of replacement overalls, gladly discarding your
ripped ones in a disposal bin. All of that, combined with a liberal supply of socks and
undergarments, proved to be quite the shopping haul. Relying on your bartering skills honed
by the streets of Kaddak, you managed to talk the shopkeeper down by a small number of
credits and to toss in an extra pair of boots and work gloves. Altogether it was quite the
wardrobe, enough so that you slid the shopkeeper a few extra credits in exchange for the
package to be delivered to the dock with the Razorcrest.

The sun was shifting towards the horizon by the time you pushed past the curtain and into the
outdoor alcove. Now dressed in fresh clothes, you could feel yourself ease without the burden
of self-consciousness on you. Still, your eyes anxiously scanned for Din and the child. Upon
finding yourself alone, you scooted through the alleyway back towards the main street.

The crowd had thinned since your original arrival, yet there remained a number of vendors
and wandering customers along the through-way. Even here, you didn't see Mando or the
child. Yet you had a feeling they were close by. Mando wouldn't wander far without coming
to tell you first. If you gave him time, eventually he would come find you.

So instead, you chose to browse the stands and tents available, eyes curiously roaming over
the various foreign produce and masterfully woven baskets. You chatted good-naturedly with
the shopkeepers, asking questions about their merchandise. They happily explained which
food was what, how you would prepare it, and the parts to stay away from. In the end you
were carrying a small collection of vegetables and fruit you had never tried before, figuring
that even if you didn't like them, that the kid in your care would down them without a second
thought with his voracious appetite.

Munching on a large, tart flavored berry, you found yourself pausing at a small tent near the
edge of the market. Instead of the small assortment of produce, your eyes were drawn to the
collection of carved wooden and stone tokens displayed on a decorated tapestry. Before you
could inquire, a young man peeked his head over the display, hair a shock of bright red
contrasted to his dark chocolate complexion.

"They're worry stones!" He supplied enthusiastically, vanishing once again before pivoting
his wheelchair out from behind the booth. "I make them!"

You stepped back to allow him space to maneuver to the display. In his lap lay a small cloth
with carving tools as he likely worked on another one of the trinkets. You offered the boy a
smile as he picked up one in his grip.

"You carry it around for good luck, and the texture helps ground you if you are anxious." He
explained, turning the stone so its color reflected the late sunlight. To demonstrate he ran his
finger along the grooved spine of a smoothly polished stone, letting the scrape of his nails
against the indents speak for itself. Turning, he offered it to you.

Hesitantly, you accepted, letting the worn pads of your fingers trace over the smooth
underbelly of the stone and feel the grooved ridges on top. It was strangely calming, and the



stone itself was beautiful. You didn’t find yourself particularly wanting for the trinket, despite
its masterful craftsmanship.

An odd thought occurred to you, and soon you were fishing around for the credit satchel in
your pocket.

"Just one, please." You told him, depositing three credits into his hand in return for the stone.
"Thank you."

The vendor nodded, grinning broadly at the transaction before you waved a friendly goodbye
and walked off. In one hand you traced the spine of the stone once more, listening to the
sound before tucking it into your pocket.

The afternoon light had begun to fade towards evening now as you strolled towards the far
end of the market. Still not having spotted Din and the child, you decided to begin wandering
back towards the hangar where the Razorcrest was docked. If all else failed, Din would check
to make sure you were there by nightfall.

Somewhere above you, up in the buildings that housed the vendors and their families, music
began to play. It wasn't particularly good, merely someone plucking chords on an instrument
as they practiced. Still, the sound combined with the slow-paced market stalls closing for the
day, the idle chatter of passerby and the sound of water running under the pathways allowed
an almost foreign tranquility to fall over you. It was different than the breezy and warm
atmosphere of the Rishi village. Instead, it sang in a faint voice alongside the thrum of the
city, harmonizing in an urban lullaby. For a moment, it felt like home.

It almost covered up the strange robotic garble that met your ears as you rounded a corner.
You looked up curiously, trying to pinpoint the odd sound. You could hear the sound float
over you accompanied by a low hum. To your ears it sounded like a droid, not that you had
seen any floating around the marketplace. Plus, the sound was unfamiliar, the garbled tone
sounding for a moment like radio code. Yet as you listened the sound faded beyond the tin
roofs above you.

"Found you."

You practically leapt out of your skin at the sudden voice behind you, dropping the pear in
your hand in the process. You wheeled around to face the owner, relaxing instantly upon
realizing who had snuck up on you.

"Mando." You breathed, the sharp inhale you had taken exiting as a relieved whoosh of air.
"You scared the kriff out of me."

Mando didn't answer. For a moment it seemed like he was going to speak, then stopped
himself. He stood a few steps away from you, helmeted gaze tracing your form from the
bottom up. You shifted a little under his stare, uncertain at his sudden scrutiny. When his gaze
reached your face he stopped, stiffening almost imperceptibly.

He cleared his throat, shifting his weight from one foot to the other before offering: "You
look...better."



You blinked, unprepared for what you guessed was a compliment from the hunter. Dumbly,
you looked down at yourself to realize he had noticed your change of clothes into something
more suitable and comfortable. At your feet stood the child, having taken the pear that had
fallen from your grip. He nibbled on it experimentally, making a small face of happiness
before munching enthusiastically.

"Oh." You spoke, voice soft in reply as you struggled to summon a response past your
flummoxed brain. "I- uh, thank you."

Din didn't move, eyes still lingering on your figure. You felt yourself warm under his gaze,
not entirely uncomfortable with the sudden attention.

Then, as your brain caught up, you remembered the weight in your pocket.

"Oh!" You gasped, hand fishing for the item hidden within your vest. "I- I um, I got you
something."

With one arm still full of produce, you used the other to offer Din the small carved stone you
had purchased, belated realizing that the color was not unlike that of the soft calm twilight
following the stunning Rishi sunsets.

Din merely stared at it, head bent to his chest to examine the strange object.

"What is this?" He asked flatly, and you tried to ignore the small sense of deflation at his
tone.

"It's a worry stone." You supplied. "You carry it for good luck. The vendor said when you
touch it, it absorbs your worries from you."

Hesitantly, Mando raised a gloved hand to pick up the stone from your palm. He proceeded to
raise it above him, holding it close to his visor so he could examine the translucent soft
purple coloring. The yellow lamplights of the market reflected in the gaze of his visor. Yet
despite his interest you felt an uncertain doubt gnaw at you.

"I-it's dumb." You added quickly, self-consciously. "I just saw it and I know you're nervous
because of the bounties on our heads and thought maybe- I don't know. You can just toss it if
you want-"

"Thank you."

You blinked, feeling your cheeks flush warmly. "What?"

"Thank you." Din repeated, lowering his gaze to look at you once more. "It...It's nice."

It took a moment for your brain to catch up.

Ah, you thought. There it was again, that soft heartfelt tone he only ever used with you.
Every time he spoke to you in that voice you could feel an odd lightness in your chest, lifting
you up and stealing the breath from your body.



Din regarded you in your silence, stance slack and shoulders low.

"I…guess we should head back." You offered at last, turning on your heel in the direction of
the docks. "It's getting late."

Yet when Din didn't follow you paused, casting a glance over your shoulder. The
Mandalorian looked after you, shifting his weight from one foot to the other once more. The
child at his feet gazed up at him curiously, joining your expectant gaze.

"Wait." He said at last, voice sounding oddly strained. "There's...something I want to show
you."

You tilted your head curiously, blinking at him. Yet Din didn't offer any further explanation,
merely bending to scoop the toddler at his feet into his hold. He balanced the little one in one
arm, cradling him against the beskar plating of his chest piece. The child gazed at the hunter
with a mouthful of fruit, holding the pear tight in his three-clawed grip.

"This way." Din spoke, turning without further explanation. You gazed after him silently,
confused for a moment before deciding to follow.

Din led you away from the main street, up a rope ladder ramp towards the upper levels of the
market. He paused at the top, making sure you weren't struggling to climb before moving on.
From here you could see the market street in full, nearly empty now compared to the bustle
of this morning. You let your eyes linger for a few more moments before padding behind Din
up and further into the housing sector.

You could hear families chatting now, and with every turn you could smell a different meal
being prepared with delicious spices and exotic seasoning. Longingly, you wished you had
bought some decent ingredients to try your hand at preparing a meal for you three instead of
relying on the food from the grateful Rishii villagers.

Eventually you followed Din into a narrow side street, more of an alleyway than and actual
path. The light from the street lanterns began to fade, casting twilight shadows over both your
forms.

You glanced at the Mando in front of you, trying to adjust your eyes to the darkness. There
you found a small face gazing back at you, partially hidden behind a rapidly diminishing
pear. The child peeked over Din's shoulder, long green ears sticking out in either direction.
You couldn't help but smile to yourself at how such a merciless mercenary held the child in
his arms with such delicate care.

Up ahead you blinked at a bright lantern illuminating the spot where the alleyway opened up
once more. Din's form stepped beyond the hidden path, making way for you to exit into what
looked to be a small courtyard between houses.

It was the smell you noticed first, floral yet delicately sweet. It wafted over your senses
alongside the humid, salty air of the beaches beyond the market. You filled your lungs with it,
relishing how you could practically taste in on your tongue. As you stepped into the
courtyard, you were greeted by the sound of flowing water and soft, tinkling wind chimes. A



small fountain sat to your left beside one of the entryways, piled high with baskets on the
edge of a small pool. Yet it wasn't the fountain that drew your attention, but the foliage that
draped over the stone and dipped its roots into the water like a slender touch into the ocean.

Thousands of tiny, delicate white flowers decorated the small space, weaving themselves into
a cream-colored tapestry over the wooden walls and metal exteriors of the courtyard. They
hung as a curtain, climbing ever higher up towards the roofs and balconies of the small space.
In the warm evening breeze, a small shower of white petals floated down from the heavens.
They rested atop the surface of the fountain’s pool like tiny boats adrift at sea. With a
delighted smile you reached your hand out, watching the small petals fall against your open
palm and tickling the skin there. To you it almost felt like a soft, whispered blessing from
above. One of peace and serenity.

"It's beautiful." You breathed, eyes twinkling in the warm colored light of the single lamp
illuminating the dusk dimmed courtyard. You took a step closer, gingerly lifting a handful of
the blooms to your nose and inhaling deeply. "They almost smell like honey.”

You turned to cast a glance at Din and paused upon seeing the way his entire body had
relaxed. His free hand lay slack at his side, the arm he was using the carry the child holding
on with a loose grip. The silver helmet on his head tilted gently, observing you in an almost
reverent silence. It made you catch your breath for a moment. You could not think of a time
you had seen Din so calm, so at peace.

"I hoped you would like it." He murmured, voice hinting a carefully concealed tenderness.
"It...made me think of you."

You raised a sly eyebrow at him, mouth quirking into a smirk despite the rapid flutter of your
heartbeat inside your chest. "Think of me?" You asked curiously. "As in delicate or
something?"

"No." And the sudden sharp cut of his tone surprised you. Yet his voice didn't raise,
hardening like steel for the briefest of moments as if he was almost offended by your
suggestion.

Din paused for what seemed like a long time, hand clenching and unclenching at his side. In
his arms the child had finished his snack and had begun to doze, head lolling against his
caretaker's chest with heavy lidded eyes. You felt your heart warm at the sight of them both,
relaxing as if you had just come home from a very long journey.

"As in...pretty." He supplied at last, and you had to strain your ears to hear the small, quiet
confession whispered against the twilight shadows of the courtyard.

You felt yourself breathe in sharply, entirely unprepared for the remark. Your eyes went wide,
heartbeat stammering in your chest as his voice resonated in your thoughts. Lips parting in a
silent realization, you looked at the hunter in front of you lit in a gentle halo by the courtyard
lamp. The soft yellow glow reflected on his armor, glinting off the black of his visor as it
stared back at you unflinching.



Distantly, you wished you could stay in this moment forever. You wanted to stay suspended
in the moment between his confession and when he would dance away again, forbidding
himself from staying too close. If only you could live like this forever, you thought, hanging
in this moment where the cool evening breeze tickled your warm cheeks and the shower of
petals fell between the two of you. Maybe then you could take a step closer, try to see the
eyes beneath Din's helmet as they gazed back into you.

Yet at the same time you could feel an inevitable recognition wash over your thoughts,
warming you from tip to toes. That small part of you, the one that whispered his name to
yourself in a secret confession against the dark of night now embraced you gently. All the
while Din stood before you, cape swaying gently in the breeze even as he remained still like a
silent protector.

Oh. You realized softly, and the thought shone down on you like sunlit clouds parting after a
serene rainstorm. That's what it is.

Chapter End Notes

Why did I try to tell myself that this was only going to be 3000 words (:

Hello all, it's been a while, hasn't it?

This chapter was a real struggle to write. It took a fair amount of drafting, writing, re-
writing, and several rounds of edits before I was fully satisfied. Still, I'm pleased with
how it came out. We finally get some relationship development! Cuyan is finally
realizing they have some low-key feelings for Din. We love to see it.

This was the last chapter of the 3-part interlude between arcs. Next chapter will be
setting up the context for our arc on Coruscant, which will involve some fun cameos of
different original trilogy/Mandalorian background characters and such. Plus we're going
to get some more (not so subtle) hints about Reader's backstory. I'm excited to let you all
see!

If you are enjoying this work, consider following me on tumblr at Sprout-Fics, or simply
leaving a comment below!

Thanks so much for reading, see you soon!

-ARC THREE: CORUSCANT, COMING IN APRIL-



Chapter 19: Part Nineteen: The Message
Chapter Summary

It was the same. Just as you had been afraid to admit your own emotions hidden within
your heart, Din couldn’t bear to admit the truth to himself either. You gazed up at him as
if looking into a mirror, silently seeing yourself but imagining him.

The thought that you had tried to ignore just as Din had ignored you now shone through
with true colors. Like light through a prism, your feelings now revealed themselves in
dazzling vibrancy. You had tried to deny it, couldn’t bear to give that emotion a name.
The reason you had been so upset, had let your doubts fester and hurt you so deeply now
became clear.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Time passes slowly in space, you learned.

The Razorcrest is different when it isn’t parked on a planet. It’s louder, the engines a constant
thrum against the walls and under your feet. Yet it is still in the way that only space can be,
devoid of sound, light. There’s no noise outside the hull, and in some ways the void swallows
some of the sound inside the ship as well. The air is motionless around you at all times,
holding its breath in an ever unknown anticipation. Like a crystal-clear pool, every motion or
noise that you made ripples against your senses.

Din had parked the ship in orbit above a recluse moon in an otherwise gas-giant filled
system. The location was out of the way, and the presence of the gaseous planets confused
sensor and tracking arrays, which kept you three safe from any pursuers, be them Imperial
hunters or Guild members. It meant that even though you were hiding, you three could
breathe a little easier knowing just how hard your enemies would have to work to find you.

It had been at least a week since your departure from Rishi, if you were tracking your hours
correctly. Your heart still swelled with the memory of the village, complete with their rescued
children, waving goodbye to you, Din, and the child as you lifted up into the atmosphere. The
ever-pink horizon on the tropical planet had slowly faded into a hazy atmosphere that gave
way to the black void of space. The glittering lights of hyperspace soon followed, your eyes
reflecting the dazzling blue light from your seat in the cockpit.

Yet without the presence of the blazing Rishi sun and soft purple twilights, you had quickly
found your schedule muddled. With no way to tell time other than the malfunctioning
chrono-keeper in the cockpit, it was difficult to discern a proper schedule of sleeping, eating,
and spending you time fixing the interior of the Razorcrest. Time was an abstract in space,



one you couldn’t truly be bothered to grapple with. You had sorted out a small schedule,
making sure to prepare food for yourself and the child at regular intervals, and to get sleep
when you felt the urge. Other than that, however, time was what you made of it whilst the
ship floated in the stillness of space.

Much like the moon you had stationed yourselves above, you and Din maintained an
unbalanced gravitational pull with each other.

Something had...shifted between you both after your departure from Rishi. Whereas you had
grown increasingly comfortable with the Mandalorian, often inviting him to talk or join you
with the child, Din had grown increasingly distant. He would refuse your invitations, choose
to spend much of his time by himself, and had once again built an invisible wall between you
two. The change both surprised and disappointed you, as you thought you had finally earned
an easy companionship with the hunter.

It wasn't as if he didn't trust you. If anything, Din's approval of your repairs tinkering with his
beloved gunship indicated you had earned his confidence in you. Yet since the moment inside
the hold of the Razorcrest, that moment where you two had spoken in low voices and had
tended to each other’s wounds, Din had tried to put as much space in between you two as
possible. His former habits of joining you as you and the child ate, offering small bits of
conversation and being present in your company, had tapered off into nothingness. Now he
spent his time holed up in the cockpit, coming out only when you asked for his advice with
repairs or for some form of sustenance.

It baffled you, this change. More than that, it brought forth an uncertain anxiety in your chest
you couldn't quite place. The possibility that you had somehow offended him, had done
something to lose the odd friendship you two had built plagued you. The idea that Din was
purposefully avoiding you ate away quietly inside you, even as you tried to reassure yourself
that he was simply on guard, making sure the ship hadn’t been detected. Yet as the days
turned into a full week without a full conversation with the Mandalorian, your fears
multiplied every time you lay to sleep and woke to find things unchanged.

You had tried to approach him about it, tried to ask what you had done or attempt to
understand the sudden shift in his behavior. Yet every time you posed the question Din
retreated further into himself, finding an excuse to escape your vicinity in the tiny spacecraft.
Before you could pressure him, before you could try to pin him down, he would vanish and
lock himself in the cockpit.

In all aspects this was probably for the best, to maintain an exclusively professional
relationship as you tried to earn your keep and Din kept you three safe from the Guild and the
Imperial Remnants. Yet every time Din drew away from you as if under enemy fire, the stiff
nods and tight, modulated voice he gave you made your stomach sink farther and farther into
a pit of uneasiness.

The few moments he did allow you, when he would thank you gently for bringing him food
or reminding him to rest let that ache slowly dissipate. Like a gentle rain washing everything
clean, that tone he used only for you made you sigh in relief.



Your own reaction to such instances puzzled you in some ways. You didn't know when you
had started desiring this attention, this soft validation in the form of thanks or approval with
your work. Every time Din did let his gaze settle on you, let his shoulders relax for all of a
moment you felt yourself relax in turn, like binary stars settling into a cosmic dance of
balance.

You had felt the same way on Rishi, in that moment where you two had stood in the flowered
alcove with the lanterns casting a warm yellow light upon your forms. You could still smell
the sweet floral essence of the air, feel the breeze tickle your skin as you gazed at the Mando
in front of you holding the sleeping child in his arms.

You still hadn't fully understood his words from then: pretty, he had called you. More than
once the sound of his voice, the way he had said the words appeared in your thoughts
unbeckoned. It made a warmth rise to your face and sent a small shiver along your spine.

Something in you had changed too, since then. You couldn't exactly place it, but you felt it
nonetheless. It was in the way your eyes lingered on Mando's broad back while he was
turned, the way you imagined what color his eyes were under the helmet. When you slept the
name he had confessed to you, Din, tempted your thoughts with its simple and yet somehow
intimate sound. When he was close to you in the hold you could feel yourself tense, feel
yourself suck in air whilst wondering what his shoulders and arms were like without the
armor. More than once you wished you could reach out and touch him.

There were moments when you came closer to understanding. When you bent to inspect a
panel and found Din following your gaze, so close you swore you could hear his heartbeat
under his chest plate. In the moments when you two orbited ever closer, coming within a
breath of each other without realizing, then looking up to discover the other had closed the
distance, you could feel your air stutter in your chest.

You didn't want to admit the name of that odd sensation you got when he was close by, the
way your heartbeat thrummed louder in your ears and you automatically felt your muscles
loosen in relief. It was there, ever present just as the idling hum of the Razorcrest's engines.
Yet to name it meant you would be forced to reconcile your own feelings against Din's refusal
to interact with you, drawing ever in on himself and further away from that warmth in your
heart.

So instead, you threw yourself into the arduous task of correcting minor repairs here and
there aboard the ship. Your task was aided by the purchase of proper repair tools, ones gifted
to you upon your departure from Rishi. Slowly, over the course of many hours, you had
managed to make progress. The panel that didn't close right here was now secured, the loose
wire in the floor was now reconnected, and the control panel frame now longer wobbled
under your touch.

Most important, however, was the repair of the 'fresher on board.

It had taken some time to pin down the issue, which in the end turned out to be a mutual
malfunction in the filtering system as well as the pressure valve. With Din's help you had
managed to drain the tank and reset the system. Within a few days the tank had filtered and
refreshed itself, and you were able to enjoy your first ever shower aboard the Razorcrest.



Even though the water was recycled (and treated), even though the showers were short and
not particularly warm, to enjoy one brought you a sense of pride at being able to fix one of
the worst issues aboard the ship. It was also much more efficient than trying to bathe in the
Rishii lagoons and having to worry about wildlife and all sorts of unpleasant plant matter at
the bottom of the pool.

Not to mention that the lock on the inside of the door meant no possibility of accidental
onlookers.

You buried your face in your hands at the memory, the water cupped within them splashing
onto your skin. The shower head beeped above you, warning you of the time limit on its
supply. Rivulets of water raced down your back as you tried to swallow down the flustered
warmth on your face.

You had almost forgotten the memory of Din's choked voice speaking to you from the
underbrush, of trying to cover as much of you as possible while he insisted he had looked
away. You wanted to groan in embarrassment despite the fact that it had happened weeks ago.
Neither of you had discussed it any further once Din had returned to the village that same
afternoon. Yet even now you could feel goosebumps race along your skin with the knowledge
that he had seen you. More than that, you struggled with the idea that in some ways, you had
liked it.

The shower above you beeped once more, and after a moment the water tapered off with a
low hiss. You were left dripping in the standing room only shower, hands still cupping your
face as the sound of running water faded and you could once again hear the low thrum of the
engines. You dragged your palms down your face, skin slick against your touch. Again, the
memory of your exposed form perched on the edge of the lagoon, of the strain in Din's voice
filtered through your thoughts, followed by the soft intonation of his voice in Raider's Cove.

"As in...pretty."

With a quick shake of your head, you reached for your towel and change of clothes. You
couldn't think about this. It was too much and brought forth an ache in your heart you didn't
know existed until now.

Wisps of warm steam poured from the shower once you opened it, dressed and dried off. You
glanced at your bunk right across from the fresher, took stock of the extra folded blanket that
hadn't been left by you.

Voices filtered beyond the door, and you followed them to the cockpit where Din and the
child were seated looking at the holonet. Din was paying attention more so than the toddler
next to him, who was currently occupied with the small metal orb in his hand. Your entry
made both of them look up in unison, and you tried to ignore the way Din's shoulders
suddenly stiffened, the way he quickly averted his gaze from you.

"Star charts again?" You asked casually, hands still reaching up to dry off your hair with the
towel. You tried to hide the disappointment in your voice at him again trying not to meet your
eyes, fiddling with the same panel you had seen him occupied with every time you entered
into his hideaway.



"Yes." He replied simply, voice even and without emotion. You bit back a frown, muscles
tensing restlessly. It stung, this rejection. After everything you two had gone through together
this sudden turnabout in Din's behavior made you feel like strangers all over again. That
familiar dark creeping shadow in your chest rose into your shoulders, hackles rising at your
companion's refusal to even bother facing you.

"Is the kid bothering you?" You tried instead. "I can take him if he's distracting."

"No, he's fine."

You paused, then replied hesitantly: "Okay, well the fresher is free now if you want it."

"I'm okay for now.”

"…I'll be making some food soon, would you like me to bring you some?"

"No thanks."

"Well, I fixed a vent with some carbon scoring on it, would you want to have a look?"

"I'm sure it's fine." And this time his tone was curt, annoyed at your persistence.

You blinked at his turned form, lips parting in surprise at his abrupt shortness with you.
Mando hardly ever snapped at you, and when he did it was always related to trying to keep
you three safe and out of danger. To hear him become terse with your attempts at
conversation struck you in a way you hadn’t expected.

Something snapped in you then, like a chord drawn much too tight and fraying in the middle.
Yet the emotion that came out of you wasn't annoyance, nor was it anger.

Instead, you asked very quietly: "What did I do, Din?"

You were surprised at how much the hurt in your voice bled through, like bile rising in your
throat at this sick uncertainty that had been plaguing you for days now. Your stomach
clenched at just how pathetic you sounded, but you couldn't hold back any longer. Din's
constant avoidance and cold shouldering had cut you in ways you didn't want to admit, and
you had let it fester like a raw wound. Now the change in Din’s voice had exposed it like a
raw nerve, shooting a sharp ache through you at just how much you couldn’t stand his
attitude.

Din paused at your words, his hand hovering above a button on the console before he turned
sharply to look at you. The motion made you flinch, afraid that his previous annoyance
would now rise to frustration at your constant pestering. Yet his entire body went taut, hands
reaching for you before he suddenly stopped himself. He froze, holding himself stiffly even
as he had halfway reached out to touch you. Again, it looked like he was at war with
something inside him you couldn't see, something he wouldn't let you look at even if you
pried.

The silence that followed made your shoulders tremble, and inwardly you cursed at yourself
for appearing so weak. He was only ignoring you, you tried to tell yourself. You had lived



through much worse. Yet the fact that it was him made you wrap your arms around yourself,
as if the air surrounding you had gotten a touch too cold.

"I'm sorry if I've been annoying." You started, and your voice cracked with how tightly you
had wound yourself. "I don't mean to be. I just...don't understand why you suddenly won't
talk to me. I don't know what I did, if I offended you or somehow made you angry- if you
could just tell me, then maybe- maybe I could try to fix it. I-"

"Cuyan, no-" And when he called you that, by that name he had given you, survivor, you felt
even worse. You had earned that title for being strong, for fighting and clawing your way out
of horrific situations in a desperate attempt to survive. Yet here you were, eyes growing hot
with tears at just how deeply you were wounded by a little bit of shirking from someone you
had considered a friend.

"Then what?" You asked sharply, and your voice rose enough to make the child in the seat
beside you look up in concern with large brown eyes. "What did I do to make you want to
avoid me so much? I didn't mean to-"

Without warning, Din stood. You took a step back out of an instinct of self-preservation,
suddenly afraid of your protector. His figure towering over you reminded you once more of
the fact that he was a highly lethal, fully capable hunter. His larger frame daunted you as it
had all that time ago when he had discovered you aboard his ship.

You ducked your head, avoiding the gaze of his black visor. Din paused once more, realizing
he had startled you. After a moment he pressed forward once more. Yet he moved slowly,
gently, giving you space to back up and walk away if you needed it. When he reached out,
when his gloved hands landed on your upper arms, you felt your entire body go loose with
his touch.

"I'm sorry." He said at last, voice lowering so only you could hear. "I didn't mean to be unfair
to you."

You could feel your arms shiver a little under his gloves, and you weren’t sure if it was from
the stress or the fact that the ship suddenly felt so cold. You wanted to run, to put as much
distance between yourself and him, yet you wanted him to be impossibly closer, for those
hands to hold you to his broad chest where you could let your sigh rattle against his armor.

“You’ve done nothing wrong.” He spoke, and his voice was softer now, and indication of
previous annoyance long since fled. “It isn’t anything you’ve done. You…you’re so good to
me, to the both of us-“ and he tilted his head gently down at the basinet where the child
watched both of you with a worried gurgle. “I…I don’t think I’ve told you that enough.”

You kept your eyes down even as his thumb grazed across your bicep. Refusing to meet his
gaze, you felt a bitter expression pass across your face at his words. When you remained
silent, Din continued.

“You don’t have to work so hard. I see you repairing the ship, fixing the ‘fresher, making sure
the child is fed and cared for- it’s like you’re trying to prove yourself.” He paused, and you



could feel the hands on your arms stiffened their touch. “You…don’t need to prove your
place here.”

“Then what is it?” You shot back, but your voice lacked the sharpness you wished you
wielded. “Don’t pretend like you haven’t been avoiding me. I know there’s something I’ve
done, you wouldn’t be so upset otherwise-“

“I’m not upset at you.”

You blinked, and the words that you had formed died against your lips. The air in your chest
seemed to freeze as you sucked in a breath, letting Din’s voice in that gentle tone rest softly
in your thoughts. Slowly, feeling your heart flutter against your ribcage like the delicate
wingbeats of a butterfly, you lifted your head to gaze up at him shyly through your lashes.

“You’re not?” You asked mildly, almost bashfully at Din’s confession.

You heard the quick intake of air underneath Din’s helmet, felt him force himself to loosen
his suddenly tight hold on your arms.

“No, Cuyan.” He murmured, and his voice came out as a warm sigh. “Not at you. Never at
you.”

Your teeth sucked in your lip worriedly, and it took your full composure not to avert your
eyes from his all-too direct stare at you.

“Then…why?” You asked, voice small and uncertain.

Din was silent for a long moment. For a split-second you panicked, afraid he was only going
to retreat once more, shoo you out of the cockpit and leave you beyond the threshold shaking
with the dark sinking feeling that had chewed you from the inside out.

“I…” He started, then paused. You could feel that war within him, could sense the way he
struggled to overcome the doubts within himself to tell you the truth that laid therein. You
didn’t know the source of this turmoil, didn’t know what had forced him into the shadows
away from you. And in some ways you were almost too nervous to ask.

Finally, Din sighed. The sound rattled in his voice modulator. Then, quietly, low enough that
you had to strain to hear him he spoke.

“I was afraid.”

You looked up at him directly now, and your eyes widened at the sudden yet familiar feeling
in your chest at his words. It was like Rishi all over again, with his soft confessions and
posture so relaxed and open. Yet this time he was closer, so close and yet not nearly close
enough. The hands that rested against your upper arms felt warm against your skin, cheeks
hot despite the cool air. That urge to touch him, to open him to yourself rose in your chest and
you couldn’t bear to push it down. You could see your eyes reflected in his visor, bent so he
could meet your gaze open with the emotions you held so tightly to your heart.



Afraid, he had said. Afraid of what? Of you? Of being near you? Talking to you? Hearing
your voice? Afraid of saying something and ruining things? Of seeing you so close and yet so
far-

Oh.

It was the same. Just as you had been afraid to admit your own emotions hidden within your
heart, Din couldn’t bear to admit the truth to himself either. You gazed up at him as if looking
into a mirror, silently seeing yourself but imagining him.

The thought that you had tried to ignore just as Din had ignored you now shone through with
true colors. Like light through a prism, your feelings now revealed themselves in dazzling
vibrancy. You had tried to deny it, couldn’t bear to give that emotion a name. The reason you
had been so upset, had let your doubts fester and hurt you so deeply now became clear.

It was because it was him. It had always been him.

You felt your lips part, the realization echoing past them with a silent stuttering exhale.

Above you, Din watched your expression change, as he could see the epiphany in your gaze.
He stiffened almost imperceptibly, and you wouldn’t have noticed unless you were only a
breath away from each other. The hands that cradled your arms slackened but did not release
you. Instead, they drew you just a little closer, grazed a little higher up to your shoulders-

The sudden, jarring echo from the console startled you both, making the two of you nearly
levitate in surprise. For a brief moment you gazed up into Din’s visor, gasping in a
combination of shock and being overwhelmed at how he had gotten close without even
moving-

You could see Din shake his head once, sighing loudly before releasing you. The sudden rush
of frigid air in the absence of his touch made you shiver. He turned from you to the console,
bending over the array of buttons and panels to find the source of the alarm. You tried to
catch your breath with his back turned, suddenly dizzy at the silent revelation that had
occurred between you two. When you saw Din’s shoulders tighten, saw the way he froze as
he examined the communications panel, however, you felt the last of your air leave your
lungs.

“What is it?” You asked, wincing at the sudden hoarseness in your voice. “What’s wrong?”

It took a moment for Din to reply, and he cast a glance over his shoulder at you before hitting
a button to silence the alarm.

“It’s an incoming message.” He offered at last. “It’s on an encrypted frequency.”

You felt your eyebrows raise towards your hairline at the information. Blinking, you tried to
remember if you had given the Razorcrest’s comm frequency to Arvod or any of the Rishi
villagers. Before you could recall, Din continued.



“I know this frequency.” He spoke, and you could sense his dawning realization through his
words. “It’s a hidden channel used only for Mandalorians.”

That piqued your interest, and soon the thought of Din’s soft touch gliding to your shoulders
was a distant memory. Instead, you sat down in the passenger seat opposite of the child,
leaning over to scoop him up when he beckoned with tiny green hands.

“Mandalorian?” You echoed, and when the child babbled for attention you kept your eyes on
Din. “But I thought-“

“There’s a few of us.” Din provided, interrupting you. “A network of coverts hidden out of
sight, surviving after the Empire ravaged Mandalore. This frequency is only used to signal
other coverts in case they are compromised or under attack.”

You could see Din’s hand hover above the panel, and when you looked closely you could see
the slight tremble in his reach. Yet it was gone in an instant, and for a moment you wondered
if you had even seen it at all.

With a single button press, the comm channel opened and a flickering blue holo-figure
appeared on the console.

It took a moment for the image to stabilize, the voice choppy and robotic for a few more
moments before the signal came through clearly. When it did, you could make out the image
of a broad Mandalorian, larger than Din with heavy armor on all sides. A small repeating
blaster hung from his right shoulder, the ammo coil snaking around to his left elbow and
further to his back. His arms were crossed, helmeted head tucked slightly towards the
communicator.

“This is Paz Vizsla, of House Vizsla, contacting all known covert frequencies.”

“Vizsla?” Din murmured beside you, and despite the low volume of his voice you could hear
the shock than ran through him.

“If this message has managed to reach you, then the Mandalorian covert on Coruscant has
come under attack and is in need of reinforcements. We require immediate assistance from
any members of House Vizsla receiving this message.”

“Coruscant?” You echoed, peering over Din’s chair down at the message. “There’s a
Mandalorian covert on Coruscant?”

Din did a half-shake of his head. “I wasn’t aware of any coverts within the deep core.” He
replied uneasily. “But I do know this Mandalorian. My caretaker was a member of House
Vizsla before he passed away.”

You glanced from the communication to the Mandalorian in the chair in front of you, and a
part of you wanted to ask more about his covert, about his ‘caretaker.’ Now was not the time,
you decided.



“I repeat, I call upon the aid of any members of House Vizsla receiving this message. If you
can hear this please proceed to Coruscant at these coordinates. We are in need of-“ You
watched as the message began to fizzle, the image of the broad Mandalorian fraying at the
edges and the sound becoming less distinct. Even when Din bent to try and refine the signal,
the message was garbled, unclear. Eventually he closed the frequency, leaving the two of you
in the silence that was left by the absence of the Mandalorian’s voice.

You looked at Din, meeting his gaze as he too glanced at you. Neither of you spoke, both
trying to process what you had just heard.

An uneasy weight settled in your stomach, different than the anxiety that had drawn darkly
against your thoughts for the past week. You couldn’t place it entirely on the message you
had just witnessed, the feeling bleeding out from around you into the void of space itself.

“I have a bad feeling about this.” You confessed, and Din nodded slowly in agreement.

“Something isn’t right.” He agreed. “Last time I checked Paz Vizsla was in the outer Rim on
Nevarro. I have no idea how he got so far into the core.”

He paused, and you watched him weigh the message’s contents in his mind. You’d be lying if
you said you weren’t curious as to its origins. Din was the only Mando you had ever met, and
the knowledge that there was an entire secret society of them fascinated you. Yet the fact that
an entire covert of highly trained warriors was calling for aid meant that the threat they were
facing would be extremely dangerous not only to you, but to even Din himself.

In your arms the child cooed, reaching up to pat your face as if sensing your unease and
trying to reassure you. You held his tiny grasp against your cheek, eyes not leaving Din’s
form in the seat beside you.

“What are you going to do?” You asked at last, and Din turned his gaze halfway to you.

After a few moments he replied, and his voice was hesitant, unsure. “I don’t want to do
anything that would put you or the kid in danger.” He confessed, and you felt that little flutter
of warmth in your chest once more.

You frowned in concern, brow furrowing with your gaze. “But those are your people.” You
intoned softly, bouncing the child in your arms as he made a small plaintive sound of distress.
“You can’t just leave them.”

Din regarded you, leaning back in his chair to gaze up at you directly. You offered him a
small, consolatory smile.

“Besides.” You went on, summoning a bit of courage. “I’ve always wanted to see Coruscant.”

Din stared at you for a moment longer, almost as in disbelief. The he huffed once, something
akin to a half-chuckle. Resting his gaze on the communications console once more, he
remained silent for a few moments longer before replying.



“Might as well put some caf on.” He remarked exasperatedly, but his voice had softened with
a touch of affection. “It’s going to be a long ride.”

Chapter End Notes

WE'RE BACK BABEYYY

First of all huge thanks to several folks that gave me some input on this chapter in some
form or another, including Kktrack, smellmeeve, and bunniesofsteel. Y'all are the best
and do so much to put my worried perfectionist's mind at ease with my writing.

Second of all WELCOME TO ARC THREE. I have a lot in store for all of you with this
new arc, as you can see. Underworld shenanigans, Paz Vizsla, Coruscant, mystery,
suspense, action, y e a r n i n g, it's all here. Still ironing out a few details here and there
but at this point this story is pretty much plotted.

Thank you so much to everyone that has been so patient with me as I took a little hiatus
to focus on IRL stuff. I'm going to try my best to update weekly from here on out,
aiming for Saturdays or Sundays.

Please consider following me on tumblr as well at Sprout-Fics,

Again thank you to everyone who comments, kudos, bookmarks, or even reads this fic.
This is the longest fic to date that I've written and it means so much to me that people
are enjoying it so immensely.

See you next week!



Chapter 20: Part Twenty: The Covert
Chapter Summary

"Tell Paz Vizsla that I received his message." He stated simply, voice rising to carry
beyond the street and up into the buildings.

In the distance you could hear what sounded like a flare, the ignition of something as it
lifted and quickly drew closer to the three of you. You craned your head to scan the
interspersed walkways above you, finally spotting a silhouette as it descended down into
the street a ways ahead of you three.

The man from the holo-message was even broader in person. A prickle of intimidation
ran through you, yet you remained sure-footed as you looked out at the warrior who had
come to greet you.

"Djarin." The man spoke, though by his tone it sounded less a greeting and more a
challenge. "You dare bring an outsider here?"

Chapter Notes

TW at the end for referenced child death

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The journey to Coruscant was longer than you had anticipated.

It was a symptom of your inexperience in space travel, having lived your entire life on a
single planet. For much of the trip you peppered Din with questions about hyperdrives, nav
computers, and lightspeed travel. Every new fact you managed to grasp was both fascinating
and yet terrifying. The dangers of light speed were incalculable, and you quickly learned it
took an experienced pilot to chart a course through the infinite number of nebulas, asteroid
fields, supernovas, and dead star systems that stood between you and your destination. It lent
you a newfound respect for your companion, who appeared to have been self-taught in many
of his skills as a pilot.

In the end it took no less than five jumps, two tolls (which Din paid begrudgingly), a fueling
stop, and three days in hyperspace to reach your destination. Even though you were traveling
fast than the speed of light the distance from the Outer Rim to the galaxy's core was
enormous. Every hour you expected the ship's navi-computer to beep a warning that you



were exiting into the hyperlane above the densely urban planet, only to be met with the low
constant thrum of the engines instead.

Even though the distance to Coruscant seemed endless, the space between you and Din had
shrunk following your reconciliation.

The Mando no longer ignored you, yet he didn't offer to begin conversations as often as he
had before either. You didn't truly hold it against him, happy to at least put his attempts at
cold shouldering you in the past. You tried to allow him space as he needed it, knowing that
in some ways he was still trapped in his thoughts and trying to sort whatever conflicted
feelings he had about the relationship between you both. Even so, Din made it a point in
joining you and the child eating, teaching you more about the ship, and sometimes simply
being nearby without speaking as he enjoyed your company.

It was odd, in many ways, to return to this level of easy companionship between you both.
You were certainly glad that the Din was no longer ignoring you and enjoyed the sense of
comfort his constant nearby presence brought. Yet there remained an air of awkwardness
between you two, one neither of you wanted to truly breach. Often your thoughts lingered on
the moment in the cockpit, with his gloved hands sliding up your exposed arms, reaching up
to your shoulders and further to your face. The thought made goosebumps raise on your skin
every time you indulged in it. It had been the closest you had ever come to the Mandalorian
and resided in your thoughts just the same as Din remained a constant presence. A part of you
couldn’t help but imagine what would have happened had you two not been interrupted, if
maybe Din would have found a way to remove his helmet and lean down to-

That was for another time.

In the meantime, Din had become...closer. Though difficult to describe, you felt it
nonetheless. It was in the way he would gently lay a hand on your waist as he scooted past
you in the hold, would come closer and let his footsteps announce his presence rather than
calling to you from afar. It was in the way he was almost less afraid to touch you, his hands
ever gentle and hesitant in their contact. To you it felt as if he was treating you like glass,
purposeful yet delicate and ever careful of his movements. More than once he had grown
close enough for you to hear the steady, restrained breathing under his helmet, feeling your
own exhales slowly come into sync alongside his own.

You didn't know what to call this strange understanding you two had both come to. Since
admitting your own feelings, and beginning to understand his, you found yourself ever
mindful of his presence. You couldn't help it, letting your eyes linger on him when his head
was turned, doing your tasks a little quieter to hear him speak to the child. You knew he did
the same, as if both of you stealing silent glances and listening to each other's soft voices
could somehow resolve the wavering tension between you. It was a perfectly orchestrated
dance that you and Din had created, both of you following the other's improvised and
uncoordinated steps with fluent accuracy.

The closest you had felt to him within the days in the blue light of hyperspace was when you
had gently asked Mando about the planet you were traveling to, about the man in the
message, about his own covert. Though hesitant, he told you what he was willing to. His
voice was soft then, not in the way that it was gentle. Instead, it was cautious, solemn in a



way that spoke of regret, a grief you couldn't completely see. That fact that he replied to you
at all spoke volumes in how much his trust of you had grown since your original meeting
now months ago.

Slowly, over the course of those three days, you learned what had happened on Nevarro. Din
had mentioned before that he had rescued the child, but never before had he mentioned that in
the face of certain destruction the Covert had come to his aid, allowing him and the child to
escape. Hearing from the man who called himself Paz Vizsla was the first time he had
received contact from any members of the covert. There were rumors of what had happened
after his departure, ones he had heard from a now dead huntress on Tatooine. Yet the clan's
vow of secrecy, of silence had prevented him from hearing more.

It made sense then, why he had wanted to travel to Coruscant. It was not only to join forces
with the members of his covert, but to hopefully learn more about what had happened that
day after he left. He needed to know, though you knew he wouldn’t admit it. Likely Din felt a
sense of responsibility, of guilt for whatever fate the covert had come to as a result of his own
actions.

The same thought occurred to you now as you gazed out of the cockpit's viewfinder at the
massive planet before you, taking up almost every inch of your sight through the glass. The
dark surface of Coruscant was etched with geometric patterns of lights, each pinprick a
massive building spiraling high up into the sky to knock against the heavens. The 'ring'
around the planet you had originally assumed to be a collection of debris and space dust was
in fact thousands of spaceships constantly coming in and out of the space ports. Despite
hearing many times of the planet at beating heart of the galaxy, nothing could have prepared
you for the sheer size of the ecumenopolis.

You couldn't quite understand how, but the world before you felt heavy, like a marble
dropped into a taut fabric, sinking, and letting the space around it cave into its gravity. Even
in the dead silence of space you could feel it. The closer you traveled to the planet's surface
the more you felt a creeping sense of dread rub raw at your nerves and stifle the air in your
chest. The planet seemed to have a shadow you couldn't see, a presence beyond your
comprehension made from eons passed that whispered darkly against your senses.

"Razorcrest this is Galactic Market Sector Tower Five." A voice garbled over the
communications board. "Please state the purpose of your visit."

Din reached for the button to respond, pausing for a moment before replying dryly: "Visiting
family."

You contained a snort from your position behind the pilot's seat, and Din glanced at you for a
moment before leaning back to the console. You wanted to imagine a sarcastic smile under
his helmet.

There was a brief crackle over the comms before a tired voice answered. "Confirmed. Please
route to Spaceport Cresh docking bay five and present registration and papers for
authentication."



You frowned, fidgeting anxiously. You didn't have papers, and in all likelihood neither did
Din or the Child. To arrive in an unregistered ship with no papers meant instant questioning,
which would probably increase the chance of being detected by any bounty hunters or
Imperial spies on the planet.

"Copy." Din muttered, and at your concerned glance gave a small shake of his head. "Don't
worry." He told you softly. "We're headed somewhere else."

You tilted your head, blinking at him. "Wouldn't they send out a search party?"

Din made a small sound, something almost akin to a scoff. "If Coruscant were still the
capital, they might get around to it. Since the Empire was defeated and the Republic moved
to Chandrila however, flagging ships in is just a pretense." Gently, he angled the ship in a soft
descent towards the surface. "Besides, they won't find us where we're headed."

You remained silent, instead looking outside the ship at the distant tips of skyscrapers
growing ever closer. The glowing circles of the planet, built around the infinite skyline of the
city planet, receded into arches of light that curved beyond the scope of your vision. You
looked out, completely enraptured by the endless scope of city before you. There wasn't an
ounce of green on the entire planet, every inch sleek durasteel structures and glittering lights.
It was as beautiful as it was unsettling, the presence of any and all organic matter stripped
bare from the surface leaving an odd heaviness in your stomach.

In the seat behind you, the child whined uncomfortably. You turned, finding his small face
scrunched in what looked to be an expression fear. His small ears drooped as you looked at
him in confusion, uncertain of where this sudden fright had come from. So instead, you
scooped him into your arms, bouncing him slightly against your shoulder, where he snuggled
into the junction between your neck and collar bone.

"What is it?" You asked softly so that only he could hear. "What's got you so anxious?"

The toddler whined again, his tiny hands clutching the fabric of your shirt tight in his grasp.
You felt your brow furrow. It was a rare occurrence to see the little one so disturbed by
something, and the fact that there was no clear indication as to his fright left you puzzled. A
part of you wondered if he too, felt the odd clench in your stomach as you gazed out at the
sprawling city-planet.

Before you could try to understand the reason behind the infant's distress, however, you felt
your eyelids suddenly grow heavy. All at once the sounds of the ship were sucked into
nothingness. Though the floor dropped out from under you, you didn’t sink. Instead you felt
as if your body floated, cradled in the vast expanse of stars beyond the hull of the ship. The
weight of the child in your arms was the only anchor to the abrupt and startling absence of
sound and light, the gravity of the planet under you suddenly deepening into an endless void
that threatened to suck you down, down further into the unknown.

You could feel the distress of the child wash over you, and with it came sounds, images of a
time past. Laughter, voices, brightly lit corridors, and wise smiles filtered through your mind.
Like windchimes each note held for less than a breath before vanishing once more. Yet in the
next heartbeat the warmth of the visions blazed into a scorching heat, one that licked at your



skin and threatened to burn you from the inside out just like the dream where you were a
flame in an infinite inferno-

"Hey."

You blinked several times, trying to regain your bearings as Din's familiar voice summoned
you. The deep hum of the Razorcrest’s engines and roar of traffic returned to you, and as you
looked down you could see Din halfway turned to you from the pilot's seat expectantly.

You swallowed, throat suddenly dry. "I-huh?"

Din tilted his head at you, studying your suddenly bewildered features. In your chest you
could feel your heart suddenly hammer against your ribcage, the vision fading but leaving
behind a horrid sense of dread.

"You okay?" He asked, and you found it within yourself to nod.

"Yeah." You breathed. "I-I'm fine. The kid...he...he's scared, I think." As you spoke the child
made a small snort, tucking himself smaller against your chest. You let your hand rest gently
on the back of his wrinkled head, both to calm him and to reassure yourself.

Din turned his gaze to the child, and as you watched he reached out with a single finger and
gently stroked one of the infant's large green ears. You could see the toddler ease into the
touch, turning his head and looking at Din with a soft coo. A warmth that flooded your chest
and tugged at your lips, a reminder of how profoundly affectionate you were of their
relationship.

"We'll be there soon." Din murmured gently, and it felt as if he was speaking to you as well as
the infant in his care. "You'll be safe then."

"We're already safe." You wanted to tell him, but you knew the words need not be said. "Safe
because we're with you."

---

If you though Coruscant was vast from the surface, the underground was something else
entirely. It amazed you to think that all these buildings were somehow connected, stacking on
top of each other endlessly in a bid to tower closer to the sky. Yet the further down Din
piloted the Razorcrest, the less you could see the pale sky of the cosmopolitan world. A dark
part of you wondered just how deep it went. Din had mentioned before the vast underbelly of
Coruscant, places so deep that there were creatures there who had evolved to avoid any trace
of sunlight. There were things miles beneath the surface that had stopped being human long
ago.

The thought sent a shudder through you, one that hadn't seemed to stop ever since you
arrived in orbit around the planet. Despite its glittering skyline, Coruscant’s shadow cast deep
into its core and silently across your senses.



Eventually Din was able to pilot the ship into a jetty deep into one of the bored holes of the
planet designed for freight ships and the like. It was empty save for a few residents who
scattered as the ship descended, blowing bits of debris and paper in its wake. As you stepped
out onto the ramp and looked up, you could barely see a faint halo of sky far above. You
couldn’t help but wonder just how far you had descended, likely miles beneath the artificial
surface of the planet.

"Stay close." Din murmured as he passed you, one hand on the small of your back gently
guiding you downwards onto the docking platform. "It isn't safe here."

You cast him a dubious glance. "I thought this was still Republic territory?" You asked,
hoisting the kid a little higher on your shoulder underneath the hooded shawl the Mando had
mentioned you should wear. It obscured your face, but more importantly it hid the child in
your arms beneath the woven fabric.

The Mando shook his head only once. "This is gang territory now." He warned, voice low.
"The Empire abandoning this planet left a power vacuum that the local gang lords are
fighting over."

You suppressed a shiver, the memory of the gangs on Kaddack an all too familiar one. You
had seen firsthand what a pair of rival gangs could do to a city, much less and entire planet.
Why there was a Mandalorian covert here in a violent part of the planet was beyond you. Yet
you followed closely behind Din as he navigated the neon lit streets and walkways of the
Coruscant underworld, keeping you ever close to his side. You could feel him angle his body
to obstruct the view of you from any passerby, though the point was moot since most of them
let their gazes linger on Din's shiny beskar cuirass.

The streets were crowded, filled with every species you had seen and some of those you
hadn’t. It wasn’t just the difference in races, but their status as well. You passed a Nautolan
who appeared to be a bouncer for the entrance of a cantina, then past him a pair of slender
Twi-lek dancers. Beyond and further down a flight of stairs you could see a group of young
male Togruta idling outside the entrance of an apartment complex. All of them gave a side-
long glance to the man at your side, eyeing his armor and your form beside him.

The farther you walked the more the crowds around you began to thin, slowly tapering off
into a few stragglers. The streets around you slowly became less clean, trash debris scattered
in corners and Tookas fighting over bits of leftover food. Instinctively you pressed yourself
close to Din, knowing if you did so even more you'd be practically glued to his side with
every step. In your arms the constant rocking movement of you keeping pace at Din’s side
had slowly lulled the child to sleep. If you listened you could hear his steady, even breathing.

Din, for what he was worth, didn't flinch from the increasingly rough surroundings. You got
the impression that he was at least somewhat familiar with these streets, likely having hunted
quarry down here before. It did a bit to ease your discomfort at the dark pit in your stomach,
knowing that the Mando beside you had traveled here before. Yet the streets of Coruscant
were sinisterly unfamiliar, deep and dim in a way that you hadn’t seen before. Your part of
Kaddak was urban, yes, but at least you could see the sun wherever you were. Here on
Coruscant it was dark, shadowy, dimly lit and oddly ominous.



"Up ahead." Din told you, and you glanced up to follow his gloved finger pointing at the side
of a wall in the distance. The streets around you had emptied now, devoid of passerby as you
three ventured further, deeper into the streets of an abandoned district. You could feel your
feet ache with how long you had been walking, and your arms begin to hurt as you carried
the child tight in your hold. You had to squint, trying to see exactly what Din was referring to
amidst the graffiti laden surface. There, an odd symbol gazed back at you with bone-hollow
eyes.

"What is it?" You asked, voice soft as if the creature painted there could hunt you still.

"A mythosaur." Din replied, matching your tone. "We're close."

No sooner had he spoken than a shadow darted across the edge of your vision. You spun, the
motion startling the child under your poncho, letting out a little gasp of surprise and startling
him from where he dozed against your breast. Din remained motionless at your side, though
you knew he too had seen the figure. When you turned back to him, however, you could feel
the distinct impression of being watched by multiple eyes.

You weren’t alone.

"They're here." He spoke, voice low in warning.

Din remained still, and you tried to mimic his unbothered stance despite the sudden rapid
flutter in your chest. You couldn't help but feel like prey to multiple predators, all vying for a
chance to pounce on you as you squirmed in fear. Instinctively you held the bundled toddler
in your arms a little closer, widened your stance just a little more in preparation.

"Tion'cuy?!" A voice barked in the distance, and if you strained your ears you could hear the
same helmeted filter as Din's voice. "Meg cuyir gar aliit?!"

Din didn't reply to whatever question was posited at him, remaining perfectly still even as he
subtly shifted his gaze to locate the source of the hidden voices.

"Jorhaa'ir!" The voice called out again, rising and cracking like a whip. You flinched at its
severity, feeling Din tense beside you.

As the echo faded you felt Din draw himself up, looking up at a walkway above you.

"Tell Paz Vizsla that I received his message." He stated simply, voice rising to carry beyond
the street and up into the buildings. He was met instantly with a hard silence. You felt the
seconds go by, the only sound this far down into the streets the wind blowing loose pieces of
trash against the sidewalk.

Then, in the distance you could hear what sounded like a flare, the ignition of something as it
lifted and quickly drew closer to the three of you. You craned your head to scan the
interspersed walkways above you, finally spotting a silhouette as it descended down into the
street a ways ahead of you three.



The man from the holo-message was even broader in person. His heavy infantry cuirass
added to his height and width, and you for a moment felt as if you were staring down a Dire-
Cat rather than a person. You thought Din was tall, but the Mando before you easily dwarfed
his size. A prickle of intimidation ran through you, yet you remained sure-footed as you
looked out at the warrior who had come to greet you.

"Djarin." The man spoke, though by his tone it sounded less a greeting and more a challenge.
"You dare bring an outsider here?"

The visor in Paz Vizsla’s helmet bore down on you. You couldn't help but frown a little under
the stare, suddenly self-conscious of your position as anything but Mandalorian.

Din shifted, taking a single step just enough so that he partially shielded you from Vizsla's
pointed glare.

"These two are under my protection." He returned, voice even but not backing down from the
other Mandalorian's hostile tone.

"Two?" Paz echoed, tilting his head in sudden curiosity.

As if summoned, the toddler in your arms squirmed so that his wrinkled green head poked
from under your shawl. His large brown eyes gazed out at the other Mandalorian with a
curious coo.

"The child." Paz breathed, and oddly the hostility in his voice ebbed, ending with a
confounded snort of disbelief. Whatever tension had begun to build evaporated in an instant
as the larger Mando let his eyes rest on the small creature in your arms. For a moment, his
gaze flicked up to your face, looking upon your open expression of concern and
bewilderment.

Paz let his stare rest on you for a few extra moments, enough so that you shifted a little self-
consciously at the attention. Then, as if coming to an unsaid conclusion, he nodded to
himself.

"Shield your eyes, stranger. We don't reveal the location of our covert to outsiders." He spoke
directly to you, and you blinked several times before tilting your head in confusion. Paz
didn't elaborate, instead turning heel and waiting for you and Din to follow.

You looked to your companion for explanation, but he merely shrugged.

"Close your eyes." He told you, softly so Paz couldn't hear. "I'll guide you."

You nodded after a moment’s hesitation, closing your eyes and letting darkness wash over
your sight. In the same heartbeat you felt the child gently lifted from your arms, the absence
of his weight both a concern and a relief. Then, delicately, your hand was lifted into a gloved
touch, escorting you forward as you blindly followed.

Even without your vision you were able to follow closely behind Din. Unable to see, your
other senses began to compensate. As you walked you began to hear the sounds of footsteps



beside your own, including Din's and Paz's ahead of you. The sound of rustling clothes, of
clinking armor yielded the image of other Mandalorians beginning to follow behind you, Din,
and the child. Their added presence caused Din to give your hand a small firm grasp of
reassurance.

The sound of traffic had faded now, the constant drone of air speeders a distant murmur
against your ears. Instead, there were only footsteps, the sound of a breeze blowing loose
debris, and your steady heartbeat to fill the silence. You don't know how long you walked,
following closely behind your friend as you three were escorted deeper into the heart of the
Coruscanti streets.

Finally, Din halted. It took you a split second to not crash into his back, automatically
opening your eyes to reveal the secret location that you had been led to.

A tunnel. The entrance of which stood a Mandalorian on either side, staring at both you and
Din. Their armors differed, and as you turned your head you found that the warriors who had
fallen in step behind you had variously colored armors as well. There were roughly six of
them in total, including the two before you. Between them stood Paz Vizsla, half turned to
you as he motioned you forward.

"You will have questions, I assume." He spoke, voice deep and graveled. "There will be time
to answer them. First let me show you to the rest of the covert." With that he began to walk
once more. Din followed, and even as you expected him to drop your hand now that you
could see, he didn't. It took you a moment to join him, eyes trained instead atop the tunnel on
the metal depiction of the same symbol you had seen graffitied onto the wall of the street. A
mythosaur, Din had said. You let the word run over your tongue, relishing in the sound.

Paz led you three into what looked like a warehouse, one that appeared at first glance to be
abandoned. However, upon entering into building you discovered it to be decently lit and
furnished with various trappings of chairs, tables, mats, and what appeared to be makeshift
hallways and corridors. Though the walls were old, dusty, and the floors marred, it appeared
as though great care had been taken into trying to make the space as clean and organized as
possible. The storage crates that must have taken up much of the room in the warehouse had
been neatly stacked into the back of the main space, towards what looked like a freight
elevator to an upper level.

The ‘hallways’ that had been created by stacking and securing smaller crates to create make-
shift walls led off into the back of the warehouse, down actual corridors to where you
supposed sleeping quarters were. On your right a larger doorway opened up to a smaller
space, and as you glanced over you could smell some form of food being prepared. A kitchen
of sorts, you supposed. Though where the food came from you had no idea.

The warehouse wasn’t unpopulated either, with as many as half a dozen Mandalorians
looking up upon hearing you and Din escorted inside. You blinked, not expecting so few to
greet you. When Din had mentioned the covert, he had made it sound as if their numbers
were easily 50 or so strong. Yet combining the warriors at the door, the covert before you
seemed to be less than half that number.



No sooner had you exited the tunnel did several cries go up, making you tense automatically.
However, the sight that greeted you was not one of terror, but joy.

You felt your jaw drop as several children, all wearing helmets, surged forward towards Paz.
They shrieked with delight upon seeing him, an older boy going as far as to hurl himself at
Paz's middle and attempt to wrap his arms around him. The warrior didn't even budge despite
the force of the boy's embrace, instead lifting a hand and gently setting it down atop the
child's helmet.

"Welcome back!" The boy spoke, voice surging with happiness. "Are you hurt?"

Paz shook his head, and before your eyes the foreboding persona of a warrior seemed to fade
into that of an affectionate guardian. The boy turned his face to you and Din, tilting his head
upon seeing you partially obscured by your Mando's figure.

"Who are they?" He asked, tilting his head up so the chin rested against the larger
Mandalorian’s stomach.

A small huff of laughter escaped from under Paz's helmet. "You remember Djarin, don't
you?" He asked, and the child nodded. However, as Paz's gaze stopped on you, he paused,
then looked to the Mando beside you in a silent question.

"My partner." Din answered, along with your name, and you felt your eyebrows raise in
surprise. "Who I owe my life."

It took you a moment to process his words, but when you did a flush of warmth rose in your
chest. You couldn't help the broad smile that played out on your lips and had to duck your
head to hide it as Paz's gaze rested on your once more.

The warrior crossed his arms over his chest, tilting his head at you with interest now. It felt
like he had looked at you for the first time, now appraising you less as a stranger and more as
an ally. The child at his side seemed to be satisfied with the answer and wandered off once
more with the rest of his playmates.

"I'd like to hear that story." Paz replied at last, and again it felt as if that apprehensive
demeanor from your first introduction had eased from his body language. Then he turned
once more, waving a hand for you to follow. “Come.”

You expected Paz to lead you towards the back of the warehouse, where you assumed the
sleeping quarters to be. Instead, he turned, traversing through the main area towards a small,
seated area obscured from the main area by a tattered hanging curtain. As he did, you
observed the covert members you passed, and in turn they observed you. Their helmeted
gazes followed you as you walked, likely perplexed by the presence of an outsider to their
hidden hideout.

The covert seemed to be comprised mostly of children, from what you could tell. The few
women you saw were in various states of armor as well, ranging from full cuirasses to just a
chest plate and greaves. A small group of them, about three, stood off to the side of the main
area, and as you passed you could hear their whispered voices beneath their helmets. You



avoided their eyes, glancing over to the same group of children that had come to greet Paz,
now engaged in a game of wrestling. Without fail every member of the tribe had a helmet
obscuring their face. It shocked you to see so many children compared to the scarce number
of warriors present. Yet before you could ask Paz gestured to inside the curtained area, and
you gratefully accepted his offer of having a seat.

Din scooted into the booth after you, placing the child on the table so he could see Paz. The
Warrior let the curtain drape closed behind him, choosing to sit across from you three. A
small grunt escaped Paz as he sat, and now at this close distance you could see a bandage
wrapped around his upper arm. You eyed it curiously but decided to let the Mandalorian
speak before you proffered any questions.

"After aiding in your escape, we knew the Empire would come back with force to attack us."
Paz told you two at last. Beside you, Din clenched his fist on his knee. "The Armorer sent
myself and several other warriors to evacuate the children and the foundlings before that
could happen."

"The Armorer?" You asked Din softly, and he bent his head towards you to reply.

"The leader of our covert." He explained, trying to quiet his voice so as to not interrupt Paz.
"She forges the armor we wear and is greatly respected by the tribe."

"She stayed behind." Paz commented upon hearing you both. "With the other members of the
clan, to shield our escape."

You were momentarily distracted by the green toddler in your care trying to waddle across
the table towards the larger Mando, reaching out and scooting him backwards like a naughty
kitten. He grunted in dismay, but otherwise sat still as you and Din focused back on Paz.

"Is she alive?" Din asked abruptly, and you blinked at the sudden dry crack in his voice. Paz's
shoulders sank at the question.

"I...am unsure." The warrior replied, voice uncertain and tinted with a sense of grief. “I tried
to have her join us, but she refused. I wanted to stay and fight, but she spoke on no uncertain
terms that I was to take as many children as possible and leave at once. I do not know what
happened to the rest of the Covert after that.”

A long silence followed, and in it you could feel the anxiety, the grief that remained
unspoken at the uncertain fate of the two warriors’ tribe members. Gently, you rested your
hand on top of Din’s under the table, feeling an iota of relief in the way he relaxed under your
touch. Finally, you volunteered your voice.

"Why Coruscant?" You asked, and Paz turned his helmeted gaze to regard you. "There's so
many planets out there, many of them peaceful. Why here?"

Paz lifted his head, seemingly in thought. When he spoke you could hear the indication of a
smile in his voice.

"It's the last place the Empire would ever look."



You and Din shared a glance, and the Mando gave a small nod of assent at his comrade’s
words. If you were being honest, you had to agree as well. Based on what little you knew of
the world, you doubted any Imperial Remnants would want to do a full sweep of the planet
scale metropolis to find a few adversaries, much less ones who were of a breed designed to
fight and destroy.

“In your message, you mentioned that you were under attack.” Din stated, drawing your
attention back to the conversation. He shifted, leaning an elbow onto the table. “I doubt the
Empire has found you yet, so who?”

Paz sighed a long-suffering sound and eased back into his seat. “When we arrived, we
thought that this section of Coruscant was abandoned.” You watched as he spread his arms
across the back of the seat, blinking at the way it broadened his shoulders. “Little did we
know that the Black Sun had already staked a claim on this territory. They’ve been trying to
reclaim it ever since.”

Din nodded to the bandage on Paz’s right bicep. “A gift, then?”

Paz chuckled mirthlessly. “‘Gift’ is a strong word.” He replied, lowering his voice into a
near-growl with his next words. “They attempted to raid this warehouse several days ago, and
unfortunately one of the foundlings was caught in the crossfire.”

You felt Din tense beside you, his entire body going rigid. You looked to him, seeing his
muscles coil underneath his armor. Beside you the child made a small sound of concern,
likely picking up on his guardian’s sudden animosity.

“What happened?” Din asked, and you suppressed a shudder at the deep, murderous tone of
his voice.

Paz looked at you both, letting his gaze weigh on each of you before speaking in a solemn,
low tone:

“He’s dead.” Paz confessed, hands clenching so that his leather gloves squeaked in his grasp.
“They killed him.”

Chapter End Notes

Mando'a Translations:

Tion'cuy?! - 'Who goes there?/Halt!'

Meg cuyir gar aliit?! - 'What clan are you?'

Jorhaa'ir! - 'Speak!/Answer us!'

---

Little bit late Sunday update for you all!! I had fun writing the covert (and telling myself
all the kids/foundlings and Paz escaped safely from Nevarro) and imagining life on



Coruscant after the Empire! If you're interested you should look up the lore for what
happens to Coruscant during the New Republic, it's really interesting!!

See you all next week!

---

If you like my work, please consider leaving a kudos, a comment, or:

Follow me on Tumblr!



Chapter 21: Part Twenty-one: Midnight
Chapter Summary

"Look at me."

You blinked, gaze still on your bare feet. Yet the gentle, encouraging tone of Din's voice
prompted you to look up at him bashfully through your lashes. His head was bent to
observe you, shoulders as tight as yours but hands loose at his sides.

"What happened?" Din asked, and though it was less a question and more a demand, the
touch of warmth in his voice made you let out the breath you didn't know you had been
holding.

"I...couldn't sleep" You confessed at last in reply, voice fragile. "I had that nightmare
again."

Chapter Notes

TW for child death. Explicit/descriptive paragraphs are marked with a * at the beginning

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Din could hardly listen to the rest of the conversation that followed.

"He's dead. They killed him."

The words tumbled endlessly in his thoughts, bouncing in a catastrophic echo against the
walls of his mind. A sick, stomach turning emotion had begun to fester deep in his stomach at
the news, gouging him from the inside out as you and Paz continued to talk in now solemn,
hushed voices. The shadow of guilt drew darkly across his vision, all logic fleeing as a single
phrase resounded in a whispered refrain.

This was all his fault.

Were it not for Din, the covert would still be safely encamped on Nevarro, living safely in
secrecy. It was only at his need that the covert did reveal themselves, coming to his aid as he
tried to save the child. He didn't regret that part, the knowledge of what they would have
done to the kid far worse than the idea of the covert relocating.

Yet the knowledge that an innocent, a foundling, had perished in the string of consequences
that had led to this scenario-



The infinite maw of the boreholes leading down into the Coruscanti depths seemed not deep
enough to swallow Din's guilt.

*He could picture it, the moment at which the unnamed foundling had been lost. As blaster
shots rained down like hellfire on the compound, Din could see in his mind's eye a young
form attempt to race to safety, cowering with his helmeted head tucked down into his arms.
His feet hit the floor in long strides, like a deer fleeing into the woods. Just before he was out
of range, a gang member would turn, lay his sights on the child's back as he pressed down on
the trigger-

A soft, gentle touch atop his clenched fist drew Din back. A stifled, sorrowful gaze turned to
your smaller form beside him. Your upturned face too had the expression of a silent misery at
the foundling's fate, tears brimming hot against the corners of your eyes. That sight alone
plucked at Din’s heart more so than the vision he had conjured. For the briefest of moments
Din wished he could take you into his arms, let your soft sobs echo against his beskar chest
plate as he drowned himself in your mutual touch.

"Djarin."

There would come a time for that later.

Din swallowed hard, turning back to his brother in arms across the table who regarded him
with a silent gaze. In the vacuum that the grief and guilt had occupied Din now found a new
emotion surging through him. This one started at the tips of his white-knuckled fingers, a
heated flush spreading up to his arms and shoulders, setting fire coursing through his veins.
His breath was harsh against the inside of his helmet, the rage at the audacity, the crime, the
violation of an outsider taking the life of one of the clan's beloved children-

"So, it's war then." Din spoke, and in his voice he could hear the flames of wrath. He didn't
miss the way you stiffened, shivered beside him at the pure bloodlust in his tone.

Paz's gaze bore down on him for a moment longer, as if weighing Din's reaction. Then, he
returned with a slow, solemn nod as if accepting the inevitability of the battle that was to
come.

"It's war." Paz echoed, voice deep and heavy with intent.

The deafening silence that followed spoke volumes. With it came the serious, weighted pause
that occurred only before a battle to be fought, a duel to be declared. Din felt it settle into his
bones, harden there like his beskar cuirass.

Paz stood abruptly.

"Come." He spoke, gesturing for you three to follow him. "There will be time for tactics. Let
me show you to your bunks."

Din felt a part of him ease into a modicum of relief, something almost akin to happiness. The
idea of a bunk waiting for him within the confines of the covert eased the despair and fury
building in his chest. To again be surrounded by Mandalorians, by the covert, by his clan- it



brought an easiness that came with the concept of family, of belonging. A black sheep as he
was to the Covert, they were the closest thing he had to a home.

Din nodded, rising after the larger warrior and waiting for you to slip out of the booth behind
him. Paz drew the curtain open, ushering the two of you out before letting it drape closed
once more.

Paz led you three past the common area, down past one of the makeshift hallways and up
onto a lift that led to the second level. There lay an open space, what looked to be a floor
used for storage. The crates that would have occupied much of the space had been cleared,
either pushed to one side or discarded of. Instead, much of the room had been sectioned off
with welded scrap metal walls and tattered fabric curtains. On either side the large loading
doors that would have been used to transport largo cargo remained shut, leaving the room
securely enclosed. The high, overhead ceiling lights lit the space with a dim yellow light,
casting a hazy glow off the reflective scrap metal of the bunks.

Upon the lift's rise into the area Din could see several curious heads turn their way. The
smallest children of the covert were gathered on this level, carefully guarded by a slender
Mandalorian who Din recognized as one of the recently trained warriors. The children, most
of whom appeared to be roughly the same age, were playing some type of game involving a
mouse droid that skirted around the floor constantly out of reach. They paid no attention to
Din and the others as they entered, too occupied with their play time. Their bubbling laughter
indicated the resilience that only a child could bear, taking joy in the fleeting moments they
were allowed without the grief of their lost friend.

Paz gave the Mando watching over the children a small nod, and the soldier returned the
gesture. Then, after walking past several curtained bunks, he halted at a space off to the side
of the haphazardly decorated area.

"Here."

Din watched as Paz pushed aside a tattered curtain, revealing a small bunk in the converted
space he had led the three of you to. Din caught your glance at him, a momentary hesitation
of unfamiliarity at the situation. Din offered you a small nod, to which your shoulders sank in
relief and you continued forward. As you ducked under Paz's arm, crossing the threshold into
the small room, Din made to follow.

A hand on his chest plate stopped him, and Din turned to meet the visored gaze of the
broader Mando in front of him.

"Male bunks are on the first floor." Paz intoned, and Din stiffened at the flat, unbudging
inflection of his voice.

Of course. As was custom, only married couples were allowed to bunk together. On Nevarro
that privilege was extended to only a meager handful of warriors who had recited their vows
before the Armorer.

A flustered blush rose to Din's face under his helmet. He had been so used to having you and
the child close by that it hadn't occurred to him that you would be bunking separately for the



duration of your stay. Yet the unspoken insinuation left by his attempt to follow you left a
resounding silence between him and Paz. Din could only imagine the other warrior's arched
eyebrows and intent, curious gaze under his visor.

"I'll only be a moment." Din managed at last, thanking the stars that his voice remained
unwavering.

Paz regarded Din for a moment longer, as if scrutinizing him. At last he nodded, stepping
aside to allow space for the leaner Mandalorian to pass.

"Come find me in the strategy area below. I'll be waiting," To which Din nodded with a dry
swallow before easing past Paz into the bunk. He waited a moment longer for the older
warrior's footsteps to fade before he turned to you.

Your back was turned to him, taking in the small, spartan bunk before you. The child that had
previously been in your arms now toddled around the small area, inspecting its meager
furnishings. A bed roll sat off to one side, a single blanket atop it. A crate with a small bowl
full of water atop it sat next to the cot, and beside it a small lantern which offered little light
in the already dim space.

"It's more than I expected." You spoke faintly, eyes looking up to where the draped ceiling
met the forged metal panels. "But are you sure we can't sleep on the Razorcrest?"

Din grimaced beneath his helmet, easily detecting the hesitation of unfamiliarity in your
voice.

"It's safer here." He offered. "You'll be protected."

"We were already protected." You answered softly, turning to him with a soft, concerned
gaze. Yet your words were not a protest, not spoken in a tone meant to debate or argue.
Instead, it was a soft confession, a plea for reassurance.

Din felt himself soften at your gaze, a familiar rise of easiness at your presence washing away
the tension left by his brief exchange with Paz. He shifted forward, subtly closing the
distance between you two and watching your disconcerted eyes all the while.

"I can protect you better here." Din spoke, reiterating himself. "With the other Mandalorians
nearby I can focus on aiding Paz Vizsla and the other warriors."

Your eyes shifted down, an empty hand catching your opposite arm almost uncomfortably.
Din wanted to reach out, warm the exposed skin of your forearms beneath his gloves. Yet he
remained still with uncertainty, swallowing as he watched you.

"Is that what you plan to do?" You asked, voice small.

Din hesitated, noticing the way you stiffened at your own question, the way you drew your
eyes away from his gaze.

What are you so afraid of, Cuyan? He wondered silently to himself. I'm right here.



"Yes." He answered instead, and the word came out flat, forced. When you didn't answer,
sucking on the inside of your lip in worry, he went on.

"The Covert...it was because of me that they had to relocate. Had it not been for me, they
would still be on Nevarro. I...can't leave it like this."

He thought the words would reassure you, but instead they served to only make you shrink
further into yourself. The corners on your lips dipped into a tight frown, brow wrinkling in a
mixture of anxiety and dismay. Your reaction puzzled Din, considering your original response
to the news of the foundling's death. Simply sitting beside you he felt the wave of nausea, of
fear and grief wash over you despite you never having met the child.

"I see." Was all you replied with, and the soft, resigned tone of your voice made Din shift
from foot to foot in uneasiness.

He didn’t understand. Did you not approve of him aiding in avenging his fellow foundling?
Of fighting alongside his brothers and sisters on behalf of their children? Of defending the
covert?

Din knew that wasn't the case, but the idea of your discontent with his mission made his brow
draw and jaw set in an idling sense of frustration. When you didn't speak further to try and
explain yourself he turned sharply back towards the entrance of the bunk.

"Din, wait-"

He paused, turning his head so he looked at you over his shoulder.

For the briefest of moments your eyes raised towards him, absent of the anxiety you had felt
only moments ago. Instead, you gazed forward with certainty, eyes clear and focused directly
on his own.

"It wasn't your fault." You spoke, and this time your tone didn't waver.

Din felt his lips part, eyes flickering with a silent light of recognition for a heartbeat before
darkening once more. Instead of a reply he only nodded once, gravely, before turning once
more and letting the curtain fall behind him.

---

Hot.

An unbearable heat, one that seemed to carve inside of you and devour you from the inside
out. Worse than fire, louder than an inferno, the roar of the blaze consumed every fiber of
your being. With it came screams, shouts, the rain of blaster bolts pinging off ancient
corridors and solemn statues.

You tried to scream, but the sound was silent against the endless chorus of anguish that
surrounded you. Blindly, you reached out for something, anything to anchor yourself to.
Instead, you were met only with a catastrophic absence, a darkness across your vision that
you sank into seemingly without end.



Why? You had never done anything worthy of this pain, this infinite chaos. Your days had
been peaceful ones, surrounded by your friends and allies. Even the darkest hours with them
had passed like a gentle rolling thunderstorm, with soft sunlight spilling through darkened
rainclouds after. None of it should have earned you the horrific soul defying grief that you
felt as another shot rang out, cutting off a sharp scream of terror.

You tried to run, tried to move forward and away from the unseen danger that lay before you.
Yet even then as you turned in the darkness another voice called desperately for you,
shrieking your name as you backed away, feet teetering on the precipice of a pitch-black
void.

Again, your name, louder than any sound you had ever heard, echoed forth in the voice of a
child. The force of it knocked you backwards, and at once you were falling, falling, the heat
rising as you yourself screamed without sound and the inferno blazed from somewhere
below-

"No!"

You gasped, bolting upright as your body reacted before your mind could fully process.
Limbs flailing, you knocked over your shoes on the crate beside you in a blind attempt to
grasp onto something, anything to anchor yourself from the nightmare. Chest heaving
desperately for air, you tried to swallow enough oxygen to let your brain catch up to your
movements. Yet even then it didn't stop the cold sweat, the deep tremble set in your limbs.
The blaze from your dream seemed to chase you into wakefulness, and it was only once you
tossed off the blanket pooled in your lap that you were able to feel the rush of frigid air
present in the Mandalorian enclave envelop you.

Upon seeing the dim, yellow glow of the lantern beside you, the stale air in your chest
seemed to finally fill your lungs. The soft, comforting light drew you for a moment like a
moth to flame, holding you gently against the creeping darkness. Your hand automatically
reached against it, the pads of your fingers barely brushing the hot surface of the glass before
drawing back.

"Just a dream." You spoke, breath still coming in stuttering, uneven exhales. "Just a dream."

Yet it didn't feel like a dream. It was too familiar, too detailed for it to be a dream. Still, you
couldn't recall having experienced anything as equally horrific as the scenario inside the
vision. Even now you could hear the screams of those around you desperately trying to flee
that which was unseen, that void-like darkness that lurked within the confines of your
thoughts.

A shiver ran through you, leaving goosebumps in its wake. In the silence of your bunk your
hammering heartbeat seemed loud enough to rattle the core of Coruscant itself.

As long as it took you to finally collect yourself, it took a moment longer to realize that you
were no longer aboard the Razorcrest. The humming engines, the whir of the ship's systems
were strangely absent from your surroundings. Instead, if you listened, you could hear the
subtle shifting of others in their beds, of soft snores from children as they slept. More than



that, you couldn't hear the familiar murmur of Din and the child conversing in words you
couldn't make out from your bunk behind the cockpit.

Right. You were alone. Din was sleeping in the men's corridor, resting with the child who he
had insisted on taking with him to allow you some proper rest.

The chill of his absence left you oddly empty, and even as you lay down once more and
tugged the blanket around you, you couldn't quell the odd clench inside your chest. Din's
words from earlier tugged at you, settling in your stomach anxiously.

"I...can't leave it like this."

You squirmed beneath your covering, grasping the blanket tighter around you. Din's reaction
to your dismay at his newfound mission only served to deepen the concern gnawing inside
you. The way he had stiffened, turned so sharply to leave and later in the day had been so
short with you- it haunted you almost as much as the nightmare still slinking through your
thoughts.

It wasn't as if you disapproved of him aiding the Covert. Rather, you were compelled at the
opportunity to learn more about him, his background, his culture, and the place where he
belonged. To find yourself in such a vastly different culture than the place you had grown up
in lift you brimming with excitement. No. It wasn't that.

Nor was it the mission itself. You yourself felt a dark urge to commit your abilities to the
battle ahead, the death of an innocent weighing heavily against your conscience. For such a
young life to be stolen away in such a way, it left an unabating ager creeping like a shadow in
your heart.

Rather, it was the fact that it was Din committing himself to such a violent struggle. It was
Din who was marching off to war with a faction known for their brutality and swift
vengeance.

You knew you shouldn't worry. Din had more than proven himself on more than one occasion
to be completely capable of dealing with adversaries. He had saved your life and the child's
more times than you cared to count by this point. His tenacity to do whatever it took to keep
you three safe spoke for itself.

And yet...

The deep breath you had been holding spilled forth in a quiet sigh against the otherwise silent
bunk. You shouldn't be thinking about this, instead trying to focus on getting back to sleep so
you could face tomorrow with better judgement.

Even so, the conspicuous absence of Din's nearby presence in the cockpit or walking across
the hold left you empty. The gap left by the silence devoid of the child's soft breathy snores
allowed sleep to dance nimbly out of your grasp.

An idea occurred to you, and as much as you tried to chase it away, the temptation of relief
from your insomnia whispered to you enticingly.



So finally, you rose from your bunk. Standing with the cool floor under your bare feet, you
took your blanket tightly against your chest as you cautiously ventured beyond the confines
of your bunk.

To your relief there were no other occupants in the communal area beyond the curtained
doorways of the enclosed rooms. No one to witness or hinder your midnight journey to your
destination on the floor below. The overhead lights were thankfully off, casting your form
into shadow as you padded carefully across the open area.

You would wake up the entire covert if you took the elevator, so instead you opted for the
ramp leading down behind the bunks into the makeshift training area. There, you briefly
ducked behind a crate as a warrior on night duty passed you by. His footsteps faded as he
walked past you towards the back entrance near the loading platform. It was only after he had
crossed the threshold that you darted forward, silence lent to you by the years on Kaddak
streets scrounging as a thief to survive.

"Third door on the left." You silently reminded yourself as you crept forward into the men's
corridor. Somehow it was even more silent than the women and children's corridor, each
warrior only barely resting in case they needed to be called to arms at a moment's notice. It
made your journey a difficult one, each step placed like a Canto-Bight dancer crossing
elegantly across the ballroom floor.

The male dormitories were actually separated into rooms rather than bunks. It looked to be
some type of converted office space, with enclosed cubicles offering a modicum of privacy.
Why the men managed to get more privacy than you and the children's corridor made little
sense, you thought derisively. Even so, you were grateful for the walls, as they allowed your
next movement to be obscured by any curious gazes that would have peeked outside
curtained doorways.

With a gentle, almost not there rap on the doorway, you called out in a whisper:

"Din?"

No response.

So, you tried again, voice the same volume. Even then there wasn't any indication of the
room's occupants stirring to answer your call.

You felt yourself deflate, disappointment sitting bitterly in your stomach. You should have
expected this. The Mando was likely exhausted after a week of barely sleeping on the
Razorcrest, always on the lookout for would-be interceptors.

Yet as you turned, hugging your blanket tight to your chest, you heard a soft shuffle inside.
You paused, listening to what sounded like a whispered curse followed by movement until-

The door slid open with a soft squeak, revealing a helmeted Din.

A helmeted Din...in pants but with no shirt.



You were grateful for the darkness of the hallway, allowing you to see Din but hiding your
suddenly wide eyes and raised eyebrows quickly vanishing into your hairline.

"Cuyan?" Din asked, voice soft with sleep but concerned nonetheless. "What?”

You swallowed hard, trying desperately to avert your eyes from the Mandalorian's bare torso.
You had always imagined him to be muscular (as much as you were embarrassed to admit
you imagined him at all) but the actuality of his exposed form left your mouth suddenly dry.

Din didn't have the washboard abdominal muscles you had originally envisioned, nor was he
nearly as broad as he looked in his armor. Yet he was muscular in the way that he was lean,
with a narrow waist and the faint outline of abdominal muscles below his diaphragm. A trail
of dark hair angled downwards towards the hem of his pants, and you had to keep your eyes
from descending too low to follow it.

"I-" You spoke, whispered voice cracking, jerking your eyes up to his helmet. "I-I'm sorry, I
didn't- this was a mistake. I should go-"

You turned abruptly, eyes wide and practically tripping over yourself as you averted your
gaze and started back towards your bunk.

Instead, your bicep was caught in a firm but gentle grasp.

You spun your gaze back to the hand's owner, lips parted in surprise. Din didn't speak, barely
breathed. For a heartbeat you were both caught in a teetering balance, neither willing to draw
closer or farther away from the other.

At last you saw Din loosen, one hand still caught on your arm and the other braced on the
frame of the doorway. He drew back into the room, not releasing his grip and gently guiding
you with him. You allowed yourself to be carefully escorted beyond the barrier of the
doorway, where Din let go of you and slid the door shut behind you.

He let his hands settle on the door handle for a moment longer, pausing to look and listen for
any potential prying eyes. When he turned to you, you squirmed under his gaze. The lit
lantern in his quarters allowed you to see the details of his figure more acutely now, and your
curious gaze roved from his stomach up to his shoulders and then down to his muscular arms.
You wanted to gaze openly, but you forced your eyes down to your feet instead.

"What is it?" Din asked, voice a touch louder in the confines of the room. "Did something
happen?"

The heat on your face was unbearable, ashamed of your boldness in coming to Din in the
middle of the night and too embarrassed to admit the reason. You shivered, not from the cold
of the warehouse but from the concept of suddenly being so exposed.

"Sorry." You muttered at last, eyes stubbornly fixed on the floor. You drew your shoulders
tight, tension radiating from your posture. "I...it's silly. I should go."



Din shifted from foot to foot, as if weighing whether or not he should let you leave. He
seemed uncomfortable at first, likely by your mere presence in his bunk. Yet in his next
words he spoke softly, encouraging you to draw your gaze upwards.

"Look at me."

You blinked, gaze still on your bare feet. Yet the gentle, encouraging tone of Din's voice
prompted you to look up at him bashfully through your lashes. His head was bent to observe
you, shoulders as tight as yours but hands loose at his sides.

"What happened?" Din asked, and though it was less a question and more a demand, the
touch of warmth in his voice made you let out the breath you didn't know you had been
holding.

"I...couldn't sleep" You confessed at last in reply, voice fragile. "I had that nightmare again."

Din tilted his head at you, visored gaze remaining on your form.

"' 'That' nightmare?" He echoed, and you blinked, realizing. You had never told him about
your consistent dream, about the screaming, the chaos, the fire-

You shuddered, and the motion prompted Din to take a small step forward towards you, then
pause as if awaiting your invitation.

"I-" You started, voice cracking. You wanted to tell him, to explain the horror that had
plagued you since childhood and had been written anew after meeting him and the child. You
wished you could close the distance between you both, tuck yourself against his form and
gasp out the fear, the terror that gripped you in the hours between sleep and wakefulness. Yet
the night was dark, the shadows too long for you to confess your horrid recurring dream, and
you were so tired.

"I don't want to talk about it." You replied at last, tucking into yourself protectively.
"Can...can I just...stay here? I-I don't want to be alone."

You saw the way Din stiffened, the way he drew up a little higher in automatic response. To
you it signaled a line you had crossed too soon, a discomfort at the idea of mutually agreeing
to spend the night in each other's presence. When Din moved, you expected it to be to open
the door once more, to wait for you to leave and close it behind you. What happened instead
left you wide-eyed with shock.

Din scooted past you, sitting himself down on the bedroll beside the child's closed carrier and
motioning for you to lay down beside him.

You shifted from foot to foot for a moment before obliging. Gingerly, you arranged yourself
so that your head was on the top of the mat opposite where Din sat. The small pillow there
was soft under your head, sinking under your weight. With the bassinet beside you, you could
hear the child's soft snores undisturbed by your midnight conversation.

Somehow you managed to tuck yourself so that Din had space at the bottom of the pad to sit
upright with his back against the wall. You wondered if that was uncomfortable for him but



felt as if you had already toed the silent boundary between you enough for one night. There
was plenty of room for you both, but perhaps Din felt an obligation to allow you the pad
before he himself took use of it. It reminded you of his awkward attempts at being a
gentleman when he had accidentally stumbled upon you bathing in the lagoon.

Despite the awkward air between you both, Din's mere presence did much to soothe your
frayed nerves. You didn't know when it had happened, but the simple act of having him close
by had long since begun to be a great comfort to you. Simply knowing he was nearby, ready
to defend, to fight, to talk, to simply be close allowed your eyes to slowly drift close.

Yet even then you didn't fall asleep. Even with your blanket it was colder on the first floor,
and no matter how you wiggled deeper into the material you couldn't seem to summon
enough warmth to get comfortable.

Your shiver must have alerted Din, because in the dark silence he gently asked. "You okay?"

"It's cold." You muttered back, eyes opening to peer down the length of the sleeping pad at
him. "Dunno how you don't need a blanket."

Din shrugged at first to your response, the motion tight despite its nonchalant nature. Upon
realizing the level of your discomfort, however, he stiffened even further. You assumed he
would remain silent and tried once again to force your eyes closed. Then, cautiously, Din
began to move.

In that way where he treated you like fragile glass, Din's hands gently scooted you, so you
balanced on the edge of the pad. You looked up to comment but silenced yourself upon
watching him insert himself in between you and the wall that the mat was pressed against.
You were so shocked that you didn't even flinch when he let an arm settle over you, the touch
at first hesitant and awkward and the settling loosely against your frame.

"Is this okay? I-I can sit up."

You didn't breathe, didn't move, feeling like your heartbeat would pause as well if you didn't
let go of the breath you had been holding.

He was warm. The heat from his torso carried the same radiant heat as afternoon sunlight
against slightly chilled skin. You were so cold that you automatically curled into it, pressing
your back against his chest and shivering. Din tensed, but when you settled he too relaxed,
allowing your gentle shifting in a bid to get comfortable.

"I-it's nice." You admitted, the warmth flushing across your skin doing more to chase away
the chill than Din's bodily heat itself. "Thank you."

Din hummed a small sound, something akin to a sleepy assent.

It was nice, if you were being honest with yourself. If it was enough simply having Din
nearby to chase away any rogue nightmares, the security that you felt pressed against him
with one arm gently draped over you was immeasurable. A flood of affection ran through
you, remembering the way his gloved hands had grazed your arms in the cockpit moments



before Paz's message, how he had held you on Hypori as you teetered on succumbing to the
Trandoshan poison.

This was different. This touch was born out of reassurance, yes, but it wasn't concerned,
fleeting. Instead, it was the embrace not of a protector, but of a friend. Perhaps, if you let
your heart truly hope, it was even more than that.

Your blossoming feelings for Din did not rise hot in your chest. Instead, the comfort of his
body pressed to yours in the darkness of night allowed a sigh of relief to bubble up your
throat, as if you had just come home from an awfully long journey. Your affection for the
Mandalorian did not race through you and cause your heart like a caged bird. Instead, it
settled over you like a veil, beautiful and intimately woven with your own heartstrings as
threads.

If you could stay like this, with no nightmares, no war, no pursuit from the Guild or Empire,
nothing except you, Din, and the gentle snores of the child beside you, then you would be
happy for all eternity.

You were finally comfortable, finally safe from the horrid dreams that threatened to haunt
you. Yet there remained a conspicuous gnawing sensation inside your chest, one unrelated to
just how close you had pressed yourself against your protector, the newfound experience of
being in his arms out of your own accord.

"Din." You spoke, and the Mandalorian behind you made a small, sleepy sound of
recognition.

You let the words settle in your chest before speaking, whispering them as a soft confession
in the silence of the Coruscanti midnight.

"Whatever happens with you and the Covert...promise me you'll come back to us when it's all
over."

Din didn't respond, and you assumed that he had drifted off without hearing your final plea.
Even so, it was enough for you to voice it aloud. You let the spoken words carry the anxiety
out of your chest and into the chilled twilight, watched them evaporate into nothingness with
naught but the sound lingering against your senses. It was only then that your eyes closed,
and the blissful relief of sleep embraced you as gentle as Din's comforting touch.

And as wakefulness faded at last, you heard the words:

"I promise."

Chapter End Notes

It isn't often that I find myself really pleased with a chapter even before it goes through
edits. I honestly think that, despite the slightly awkward pacing, that this is one of my



best chapters so far. Writing mutual midnight cuddles was so indulgent, I swear. Plus I
wrote that scene at...one am...so it would probably follow

An announcement for those who don't already follow me on Tumblr! I'm hosting a
giveaway! This includes some fun stuff such as stickers, bookmarks, and a personalized
one-shot of your choice printed and bound! You can find all the details in the pinned
post atop my blog at Sprout-Fics. (Link below)

As always, thank you so much for your continued support. It is such a joy to share this
story and have folks coming back every week to read its continuation. I'll see you next
week!

---

If you like my work, please consider leaving a kudos, a comment, or:

Follow me on Tumblr!



Chapter 22: Part Twenty-two: The Incident
Chapter Summary

"Nothing." Din answered quickly, and the sudden short cut of his voice was less a
response and more a warning to you to be still. Even so, even with the potential
consequences of being caught, you couldn't help but bite back a small, sly grin at the
circumstances. The idea of Paz cracking open the door to reveal you sitting cross-legged
on Din’s sleeping mat, watching him get dressed with bright eyes was dangerous and
exhilarating at the same time. You almost wished it would happen, just to see Paz’s
reaction and imagine the scandalized expression under his helmet.

You barely contained a snort of amusement as Din struggled to yank the flight suit up to
his waist, shimmying into the fabric with one leg held aloft as he balanced. The Mando
seemed less than amused, and even without seeing his face the expression he gave you
as you glanced over your shoulder spoke of a dry annoyance at the mischief in your
eyes.

Yet both of you stopped at the questioning tone of Paz outside the door.

"Is there someone in there?"

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

It wasn't the soft hum of the Razorcrest's engines that awoke you the next morning, soft and
steady against the back of your mind. Nor was it the quiet voices speaking from the cockpit
as Din made small conversation with the youngster in his care, listening to his small baby
babbling. Instead, there was a soft, fleeting touch against your face, cool against your skin
and gentle against your sleepy senses.

"Din?" You thought hazily, mind drawing back to the hand that had gently brushed your hair
from your face while you dozed, that had eased the nightmares in the inn on Rishi.

When your eyes fluttered open, however, it wasn't the helmeted gaze of your protector. You
had expected to see the unmistakable T-shaped visor belonging to your Mandalorian. Instead
as your vision came into focus you were greeted by a bright, curious brown stare complete
with long green ears and a wrinkled forehead.

The child tilted his head at you, one hand still smushed gently against your cheek. He cooed
softly, as if trying not to awaken the sleeping Mando behind you.

Any remaining grogginess fled you instantly upon remembering the happenings of last night.
Slowly the memory filtered back to you through your sleep addled thoughts; of how you had



snuck down to Din's bunk in the male corridors after awakening from your dreaded
nightmare. The image of Din in his nightclothes answering the door in the hallway darkened
by midnight drowned out any other thought, making your heart beat a little faster in your
chest.

Reflexively, you caught your breath upon realizing just how bold your actions were the night
prior. Sneaking into the men's dorms was one thing, but knocking at midnight on the door of
the same man who had spoken to you in a low, affectionate tone aboard the Razorcrest? The
same one who had been slowly drifting closer to you over the past weeks, going as far as to
hint at his feelings for you? All while you were dressed only in your loose sleeping clothes?

The heart fluttering feeling that should have come to you last night now beat against your
chest with your realization. You didn't move, didn't breathe a word, afraid of awakening the
Mandalorian as he slept beside you.

Even now you could hear the soft snores from under Din's bucket behind you. In his sleep he
had somehow dragged you even closer to him, one arms wrapped securely around your waist.
Your entire back was pressed flush against his front, and you could feel the soft rise and fall
of his chest as he slept. It was almost as if he was clinging to you in sleep.

You didn't bother to hide the grin that spread across your face, eyes twinkling at the light
flutter in your chest. The fact that Din had become so comfortable around you in the course
of your travels together, enough so that he had agreed to spend the night on the same cot as
you, drew forth a profound joy in your chest. It traveled up your throat and threatened to
escape as a bubbling laugh. Your own developing feelings for the Mando let loose from your
lips with a contented sigh, eyes closing in momentary bliss at your soft awakening.

It was so comfortable like this. You knew you had to get up and some point to take care of
the child, and to figure out a way to sneak out of the dormitories unsuspected, but for now
you wanted to just stay like this in Din’s arms. You wished for nothing else than to doze with
Din beside you, peaceful and content, hoping that morning would wait just a little longer.
Silently, you gently wiggled yourself farther into Din's hold, trying to memorize the way his
body curved around you, how tightly his arm held you around your waist.

Din shifted, and you stilled. However, he only mumbled something to himself before settling
once more. You breathed a sigh of relief, not wanting him to wake up just yet so you could
enjoy your time with him a little longer. Likely he’d find a way to instantly distance himself
from you in the small space when he did open his eyes, much to your potential dismay. Din's
propensity to draw back as soon as you two got too close bothered you, and you didn't want
his sudden reflexively distancing to ruin this soft moment you found yourself in. Instead, you
closed your eyes, trying to ingrain every feeling, sense, and sound into your soul as the
morning dawned with a gentle beckoning.

That was, until-

Heavy footsteps sounded at the end of the corridor, rapidly coming closer. Your eyes shot
open, body tensing automatically in preparation. The motion caused Din to stir once more, as
he made a small grumble of awakening behind you. Before he could fully grasp you still in
his arms, the footsteps stopped at the door and a deep tenor voice rang out.



"Djarin." Paz called out from beyond the door. "How long are you planning to sleep? You
were supposed to be in the training area 5 minutes ago."

Neither of you responded, and you could tell by Din's sudden stillness and silence that he was
still processing the current situation. You suspected that if you were able to see his face his
wide-eyed expression would look like a bordok in the headlights.

Upon not receiving a response the Mandalorian at the door knocked again. "Vod?"

"I'm awake." Din responded at last, and your eyes widened upon hearing the rough treble of
his voice, gravelly with awakening. "Give me a minute."

With that Din began to detach himself from you, and you let out a small grumble of protest in
response, lips turning down in a frown of displeasure. He froze, as if suddenly understanding
that you were awake as well. You shifted, rolling slightly to face him. With one arm propped
under him, Din's helmet was practically nose to nose with you as you looked up at him.
Breath catching, you swore you could see past the black of his visor for just a moment, to
where a pair of wide eyes gazed at you from underneath-

"You fall asleep again?"

Both of you startled, and the sudden jolt from you accidentally knocked your forehead into
Din's beskar helmet with a dull thunk.

"No." Din answered flatly, glancing quickly at the door before turning back to you.

"Ow ow ow-" You hissed under your breath, reaching up to gently pat the sudden tender area
of your forehead with the flat of your palm.

"You okay?" Din asked softly, voice tinting with concern, and you gave him a quick
reassuring smile in response. Truly, you would have laughed at the humor of the entire
situation, with Din still only half clothed, the baby beside you whining at your sudden
discomfort and everything else if it weren't for the Mando still standing right outside the very
flimsy sliding door.

"I'm fine." You reassured him in a quick whisper, motioning with your other hand for him to
get up and start getting dressed. With some carefully extraction and a few mumbles, Din was
able to get over you to the armor leaning against the wall on the other side of the room. Even
with the lantern off, the light of the hallway managed to seep in and illuminate his bare torso.

You quickly averted your eyes from his exposed form, a warm flush rising to your face and
making it hot to the touch. Even so, your eyes couldn't help but wander back to Din's muscled
shoulders and arms as they yanked over his undershirt over his head. The outline of his
biceps was much more predominant in the early morning light, flexing as he raised his arms.
The Mando turned to reach for his folded flight suit, stopping when he noticed your eyes on
him.

The warmth on your face was nothing compare to the sudden full-body flush you felt at being
caught peeking. Lifting yourself up, you quickly tried to swivel your body to face the wall in



a sit, giving Din the privacy he needed. Your abrupt, sloppy motion knocked the crate beside
you, causing the unlit lantern there to wobble and tilt off onto the floor with a loud clatter.

"Kriff.” You couldn't help but curse, your hand slapping over your mouth not even a
heartbeat after the sound left you. You glanced sharply at din, eyes wide with surprise. The
Mandalorian paused his movement, watching the lantern roll to the feet of the toddler beside
you.

"What was that?" The muffled voice outside the door asked, deep voice rising with curiosity.

"Nothing." Din answered quickly, and the sudden short cut of his voice was less a response
and more a warning to you to be still. Even so, even with the potential consequences of being
caught, you couldn't help but bite back a small, sly grin at the circumstances. The idea of Paz
cracking open the door to reveal you sitting cross-legged on Din’s sleeping mat, watching
him get dressed with bright eyes was dangerous and exhilarating at the same time. You
almost wished it would happen, just to see Paz’s reaction and imagine the scandalized
expression under his helmet.

You barely contained a snort of amusement as Din struggled to yank the flight suit up to his
waist, shimmying into the fabric with one leg held aloft as he balanced. The Mando seemed
less than amused, and even without seeing his face the expression he gave you as you
glanced over your shoulder spoke of a dry annoyance at the mischief in your eyes.

"Is there someone in there?" Paz asked, voice dipping down an octave in suspicion.

Both of you froze, and the humor in your smile evaporated in an instant. In your silent
conversation the child between you glanced back and forth at your faces, voicing a small,
baby-ish 'ehh?' in concern.

"Just the kid." Din answered, without breaking eye contact with you. His stare bore into your
own, hinting dangerously to cease your silent antics. "He's being a little womp-rat."

The child made a small snort of indignancy, to which you covered your mouth as you held
back a huff of laughter.

You managed to stay still and quiet as Din donned the rest of his armor, finally standing in
full beskar at the doorway. The dim light from outside managed to catch the shiny metal,
casting a brief glare against the walls of the room.

With his hand outstretched to the handle he turned to you and the child behind him. You
straightened a little under his stare, looking up sheepishly from your spot on the bed mat. You
offered him an apologetic smile, noticing the way his hand loosened a little on the door.

"Stay out of trouble." He spoke, as if reprimanding the child, yet his eyes remained locked on
you. You nodded earnestly, mussed bed-hair bouncing with the motion.

Then Din's voice softened, his tone easing into something more affectionate, something
gentle like the way he had held you asleep in his arms.



"I'll...see you soon."

With a lingering glance Din swiftly slipped out the door, not allowing Paz outside to get even
a peek into the room.

You could hear muffled conversation as they departed, with Paz sounding curious and Din
feinting fatigue in his voice. Their voices grew distant as they left, headed towards the
training area as Paz had mentioned.

It wasn't until two pairs of footsteps echoed down the hallway that you finally let out the
breath you'd been holding with a soft woosh. The brown eyed toddler next to you looked up
into your face as you did, again making a small whine for attention. You offered him a soft,
apologetic smile.

"I think that was the easy part, bud." You murmured quietly. Now alone, you let yourself
stretch out, a small groan escaping you as the sleepiness left your limbs. With a sigh you
turned your eyes back to the child, an eyebrow arched in mischief.

"Getting out of here is going to be tricky even for me."

-----

With Din's departure, having been summoned to a war council headed by Paz, you and the
child were left to your own devices.

You started by waiting for the perfect moment to sneak from Din's bunk, managing to get all
the way out of the male dormitories before stumbling into one of the younger Mandos. You
managed an excuse about not being able to find the bathrooms, hinting at a fake urgency that
allowed you to escape without any further questioning and ignoring his continued gaze on
you as you slipped around a corner.

After getting you and the child back to your bunk, washing up in the wash bin, and getting
dressed, you went in search of some type of breakfast. Fortunately finding the kitchen was
fairly easy. The moment you stepped into the communal area on the first floor you were able
to follow the smell of cooking food to an area off to the side of the warehouse filled with
light chatter and small wisps of cooking smoke.

The kitchen seemed to be some former maintenance area, with several of the obsolete
machines used for scraps in making several stoves, ovens, and flat cooking surfaces. It wasn’t
ideal by any means, but it was functional and allowed the two Mandos there to cook enough
food to offer the Covert. As a mechanic you found yourself once again impressed by how
much the Covert had been able to salvage from the old warehouse and then convert in
functioning technology for everyday needs. Your idea of volunteering as someone who could
help with construction and repairs seemed a little redundant with just how much they'd been
able to create from nothing.

The two Mandalorians in the kitchen eyed you curiously upon your entry, but otherwise
remained silent as you snagged what looked to be some type of starch and stew for you and
the kid. The soup was a little watery, the meat within it scarce and slightly overcooked, but



you couldn't really complain. It was better than the endless supply of ration bars and freeze-
dried meals that Din kept stored on the Razorcrest. Besides, the child seemed to like it well
enough, having downed a second bowl before you had even finished your first.

Yet as you sat in a far corner of the kitchen during your meal you could feel the continuous
stare of the kitchen's occupants, none of them bothering to hide their visored gazes observing
you and your tiny companion. The undeniable sensation of being watched soured the flavor
of the food in your mouth somewhat. Every time you looked up to meet the gazes of the two
in the cooking area they turned their backs, eyes averting just a moment too late from your
form.

You were able to read Din fairly well at this point despite his ever-present helmeted
expression, but in the presence of these new Mandalorians you couldn't help but flounder a
little. In Din’s presence the trademark Mandalorian helmet was his face rather than being a
threatening mask. Yet now, with the blank visored gazes of other Mandos around you, the
original purpose of intimidation had become quite clear.

The other Mandos weren't hostile, per say. Rather, they had all been fairly courteous so far.
Yet the scant interactions you had with them had informed you of their attempts to remain
distant, not bothering to go as far as to learn your name or story besides your connection to
Din. Though no direct action had been taken to inform you of your role as an outsider, the
signal was clear enough from the short conversations and deliberately brief dialogue that had
been given to you.

Paz’s words upon your first meeting echoed back to you. ”How dare you bring an outsider
here?” You knew the Mandalorians were a tightly woven community and given the recent
events they had every right to be suspicious of outsiders. Yet your dismay at being watched
with caution weighed on you, sinking your shoulders with every passing stare.

Even now, as you watched the kid finish his now third bowl of stew, you could hear low
whispers from another pair of male Mandos near the doorway to the kitchen. They were
careful not to raise their voices enough for you to hear them, but it was clear from the glances
tossed your way that you were the object of their conversation. For what you didn't know, but
the fact alone left your face hot with a sense of self consciousness.

A burp beside you drew your attention to the child, who smiled up at you with post-meal
contentment. You smiled in return, feeling your heart fill with affection as your concerns
about being gossiped about faded. Instead, you focused on the child, who waved his spoon at
you with a sound of delight.

The kid really was adorable in many ways. With his oversized ears and huge, curious gaze
you couldn't help but find him utterly charming. His propensity for endearing mischief and
sweet nature made it pretty easy to be enchanted with the little guy. Yet even without those
things you could still feel your chest surge with warmth at his presence close to you, drawing
upon an invisible connection that had been forged long ago. If reincarnation did exist, then
perhaps you knew the child from another lifetime.

"All done?" You asked him, and the kid made a small gurgle of agreement.



It was remarkable how much the kid was able to understand despite his age. Even though he
was so young he seemed to be able to keep up with your and Din's conversations fairly easily.
Despite being able to contribute little other than small baby gibberish, he was expressive
enough to signal his agreement or displeasure at whatever you spoke to him. It spoke of an
emotional and logical intelligence beyond his years.

A bark of laughter from the other side of the room made you glance to the two Mandalorians
at the door, who quickly silenced themselves as your gaze drew over towards them. They
stared back at you silently, the blank stares of their helmets expressionless. You managed to
tear your gaze from them before you frowned into your half-empty soup bowl, its meager
contents reflecting back your uncomfortable expression.

"Let's go find your dad, shall we?" You asked the toddler beside you, feigning brightness. He
gave you a toothy smile in reply.

After cleaning up after yourself, you hoisted the child into your arms, making you way past
the two Mandos at the door with your eyes turned down and cheeks warm with self-
consciousness.

The communal area was bustling with activity, with several younglings playing what seemed
to be a game of tag. The boy who had greeted you, Paz and Din yesterday noticed your
entrance and left the others, jogging over to you.

"Hey! Cuyan!"

You turned, blinking at the Mando'a nickname. The older boy skidded to a halt in front of
you, but before he could say whatever it was he was meant to you blurted out:

"How did you know that name?"

The kid tilted his head at you, as if confused. "I heard Din call you that name yesterday.” He
supplied. “I thought it was kinda funny since I've never heard anyone with that name before,
but you smiled when he called you that so-" He shook his head, the slightly too large helmet
rattling on his head.

"Oh! But he- Din, that is, he told me to tell you that Paz told him- or wait, did he tell Paz?"
He glanced briefly down in thought, one hand scratching the top of his helmet where his hair
would have been.

"Right! They're going out to move the ship- I think it was called the Razorcrest. Is that
right?"

You nodded, feeling a small smile tug at your lips as you witnessed the boy's bubbly but
rambling manner of speaking.

"Anyways, he said he'd be back later, and that I should let you know. Oh, and my name is
Umos, by the way." Umos finished with a little shrug, tilting his head back to fully look up at
your face.



Your eyes softened, looking kindly down at the boy. You wished you could see his face,
could commit his smile to memory as the only person who had been so kind to you in the
covert, with his rambunctious energy and youthful excitement. A part of you wondered if Din
too, had been louder, happier at Umos' age.

"Thank you, Umos." You replied sweetly.

The boy nodded enthusiastically, but before he could continue the conversation one of his
playmates called out across the room, beckoning him back into their game. Umos glanced
over his shoulder to look at the source of the sound, a younger girl with only a single black
visor band at the level of her eyes. A tell-tale braid escaped from under her helmet, brown
and frayed slightly at its tail.

"Your friends are calling you." You told your new friend, who turned back to face you. He
nodded, taking a step towards the group before pausing, looking at the child in your arms.

"Can he play too?"

Reflexively, you held the child a little tighter, not meeting his upturned eyes on you. The
thought of being left completely alone while Din was gone, of being left in a covert that
didn't particularly favor your presence unsettled you.

"No, I don't think so." You answered shyly, and Umos' shoulders fell a little in dejection
before you added: "Maybe next time."

That seemed to be enough for the boy, who straightened a little and nodded at you before
joining his friends once more.

You watched them as the group trotted around a corner and out of sight, feeling a little pang
of jealousy in your chest. Not for the first time you wished you had what they did as a child.
Friends, protectors, a place to sleep in the knowledge that the older members of your clan
would fight until their last breath to keep you safe. The idea brought forth a familiar ache
inside you, your smile still present but eyes softening with a grief that only orphans such as
yourself knew.

The child in your arms made a small babbling sound, trying to begin with the first syllable of
your name. You looked down at him, noticing one had trying to reach up and touch your face.
With a sigh, you adjusted him so he could see you better.

"Just you and me, little guy. I think I have an idea how to spend our time, though."

-o-o-o-o-o-

"Kriff."

You watched as the bolt from your blaster dinged off a piece of scrap metal just to the left of
your set target, bouncing off and leaving a smoking scorch mark on the alleyway wall behind
it.



Your next shot hit roughly in the same place, even as you tried to correct your aim. The sharp
pew of the blaster echoed off the walls of the alleyway a short distance away from the covert.
Within the relative quiet of the abandoned district, each sound seemed loud enough to rattle
the ground under your feet. Had you not warned the guards outside the entrance to the
enclave ahead of time of your practice, you were sure that you would have long since been
surrounded by a squad of helmeted warriors.

After being left to your own devices in the covert, you had decided to spend your time the
best way you knew how- by making yourself useful. Having been cooped up on the
Razorcrest for a week prior to your arrival, you couldn’t miss the opportunity to improve
your blaster skills. Even though you and the child would remain within the safety of the
enclave as Din and Paz marched off to war, you refused to allow yourself to become
complacent. You had become spoiled, in some ways, by not constantly being on watch while
Din was away. Relying on Din and the covert to protect you felt wrong, in some ways. He
had spent so much time protecting you that it was only fair you attempt to return the favor.

Secretly you harbored the hope that you would be able to be by his side whenever the battle
did come, able to watch his back and ensure he arrived back to the child safely. Yet you
couldn’t do that at your current skill level, at least not yet. Doing so would take many more
hours of practice, hence your current standing in a trashed alleyway holding the blaster Din
had lent you.

Your next shot was merely an inch off its mark, to which you smiled with a subtle
satisfaction.

The kid was seated off to one side, safe in his carrier behind you and away from the line of
fire. As you practiced your blaster skills he had occupied himself with the metal ball from the
Razorcrest's controls, turning it over in his tiny hands and lifting it so that it reflected what
little light that managed to filter down from the upper levels.

Since your exit out onto the streets the little fellow had become increasingly quiet, even
somewhat withdrawn. You could hardly blame him, feeling the ever-creeping wariness of
being within the deep confines of Coruscant. The air seemed a little staler outside the
Mandalorian enclave, the temperature a touch cooler. Your senses prickled with alertness, and
more than once you had caught yourself looking over your shoulder for ghosts that weren't
there.

You chalked it up to the fact that you were still in gang territory despite your relative
proximity to the Covert. After all, there had been a raid not even a week prior, one that had
injured several warriors and taken the life of a foundling. You had made sure to not go so far
that any Mandalorians on patrol wouldn't hear your scream for help.

Even so, there was a part of you that couldn't attribute the dark, luring sensation in your
stomach to that of the Black Sun or any other potential enemies nearby. The full-body shiver
that had wracked you more than once seemed to originate not from the streets, but the planet
itself. You had felt it as soon as you had exited into orbit above Coruscant. A sinister shadow
had drawn across your senses the moment you had seen the planet, felt it weigh heavy against
your mind. No doubt the child could sense it as well.



Coruscant smelled like death.

There was no other way to describe it. You could never forget the smell even if you tried, the
acrid, cold scent of iron and rot that permeated every living fiber of your being. You couldn't
recall when exactly you had been able to recognize it, having been able to recognize the scent
since long ago. Death was not uncommon on Kaddak, but even there it was a passing event
as opposed to the constant shroud that had draped itself over the ecumenopolis. If you
paused, stopped to let yourself sink into the low hum of the planet you felt as if you'd be
sucked all the way down into the core itself, burned alive at the molten fireworks beneath the
surface.

Perhaps it was the lingering traces of the Empire that had once held the planet, a regime
soaked so deeply in blood that it followed the survivors and exiles years into the future. Yet
the ache in your chest spoke of something deeper, something tat resounded like a clarion
inside your soul.

The memories long since passed of your childhood on Kaddak were easily summoned by the
violent nature of the Coruscanti streets. It didn’t take much notice of your surroundings for
you to recall the cold dark nights alone in a part of the outer-rim city you thought was safe,
sleeping with one eye open for those who might wish you harm. The presence of the gangs
made it even more so, and you could remember the predatory smiles, the deceiving offers of
protection and shelter from other rival syndicates. You had been lucky, able to complete your
assigned errands for the gang leaders and avoid potential consequences until your adulthood.
Yet even then you had been caught in a snare, with a bloodthirsty Trandoshan darkening the
doorway of your workshop.

Whatever it was that left your senses tingling with danger, it left a shiver in your skin and a
tremble in your hands that you couldn't shake. As you raised your blaster once more the
shake of your grip caused your aim to tilt slightly. You managed to correct yourself, and with
your next shot you hit the target dead on.

"HA!" You exclaimed triumphantly, punching one hand into the air in celebration. To your
small, green companion you said "Did you see that bud? Not bad, right?"

You turned to the carrier, only to find it conspicuously empty. The soft interior with its
blanket met your gaze devoid of its occupant.

Brow wrinkling in confusion, you turned further to scan for the toddler.

"Kid?"

Yet the alleyway was empty, and your call was met only by the soft rustle of trash debris in
the occasional undercity breeze. Even as you called there was no gurgle, no 'Patoo' in
response to your voice.

The shroud of darkness that remained omnipresent on Coruscant lent itself to you, allowing
panic to mount rapidly inside your chest at the disappearance of the infant. Forgetting the
bassinet behind, you holstered the blaster at your side and paced quickly to the alleyway



entrance. Even then there was no sign of the child. You called out once more, voice rising and
bordering on shrill.

“Hey, kid, where are you?”

Silence.

"It's okay." You spoke to yourself quietly in an attempt at reassurance. "He probably just
started back towards the compound."

Yet your voice trembled as you said the words, and as you trotted back in the direction of the
Covert there were no signs of the small green toddler. You passed by several alleyways and
sheltered doorways, none of which revealed the toddler to you. By the time you reached the
small entrance leading towards the tunnel guarded by two Mandalorians, you felt your lungs
quickly constrict for air. The two warriors at the entrance regarded you as you trotted up,
exchanging a small glance at the panic written clearly across your face.

"Th-The kid." You asked breathlessly, hands shaking. "Have you seen him?"

Again, the two glanced at each other, returning your question with silent shakes of dissent.

You felt the blood drain from your face, vision becoming hazy as panic began to take hold of
you. Without another word you spun, launching back in the direction from where you came
even as one of the warriors called after you. You ignored them, legs pumping under you as
you raced to try and find the child.

The words from Paz haunted you as you ran, boots hitting the durasteel sidewalks of the
street, breath quickly devolving into hyperventilation.

"He's dead. They killed him."

A foundling, one much older than the youngster in your care, had been shot dead in this place
not even a moon ago. Now the tiny helpless toddler you had been charged with protecting
had vanished right under your nose and into some of the most dangerous streets in the known
galaxy. The word 'terror' could not begin to describe the horrific sinking feeling that
threatened to swallow you whole if you didn't locate the child.

You raised your voice to call for him, listening to it echo off the empty walls of the
abandoned district. The sound of traffic far above the overhead walkways and metal exteriors
of the buildings was deafened by the rapid stutter of your heartbeat in your chest. Your eyes
were wild, terrified as the minutes ticked by with no response, no sign, no indication of the
child that had vanished.

Minutes stretched on as you expanded your search range, trotting down a set of stairs further
away from the covert territory. Several residents noticed your frantic calls, quickly easing
themselves into the shadows as you passed and shielding themselves away from your notice.

If you had been paying attention to your surroundings you would have noticed the streets
growing less familiar, the shadows at the edge of your vision drawing closer. Under your



increasingly loud yells for the child perhaps you would have heard the low voices speaking,
the rustle of debris as you bolted past an open alleyway. You were being followed, but the
panic of having lost the toddler in your care dulled your senses to the keen eyes watching you
from the shadows.

Yet you didn't take note. You couldn't think past the all-consuming dread of the child's
absence in the city of trillions, so large that there was a possibility you might never see him
again. Imaginary scenarios of what could have happened to him drowned out any other
rational thought. Din’s mentions of the monsters that lurked far beneath the undercity and
ventured upwards in search of prey haunted you, with the thought of the child caught in the
claws of a horrific creature.

Finally, out of breath, you trotted to a halt under the sharp illumination of a cracked
streetlamp. Doubled over, your chest desperately heaved for air. Throat burning, you braced
your hands on your knees as you tried to catch your breath. Your pounding heartbeat covered
the electric crackle of the flickering light above you, white noise to your hysteria.

Din would be horrified to learn what had happened, probably more so than yourself. The
mental image of his shoulders stiffening, of him whipping around to face you when you
confessed what had happened haunted you. It was your duty to take care of the child, and you
had failed. Even as guilt drained into your stomach you could only imagine the horrific
feeling of Din’s frustration and disappointment.

"This yours?"

You whipped around at the voice, pupils blown wide and body tensing on instinct. You could
feel your muscles coil before your mind fully caught up to the sight before you, your sixth
sense immediately sensing the danger present. Still, nothing could have prepared you for the
sight of a large figure raising an object up for you to see.

As the Pantoran stepped into the sharp, artificial glow of the streetlight you were finally able
to see what he held in his knuckled grasp.

The child.

Your lips parted in a silent gasp, breath sucked sharply into your chest at the sight of the
toddler being held by the back of his shirt, ears drooped fearfully as he looked up at you with
stricken brown eyes.

Yet it wasn't the sight of the child held captive in the alien's grasp that made your heart stutter
in your chest. No, it was the distinct marking on the blue skin of the Pantoran's bicep on the
arm he held aloft, the tattoo unmistakable.

The signet of the Black Sun.

Whatever fear you felt as the child being held captive doubled tenfold upon recognizing the
symbol. Though the Black Sun wasn't predominant on Kaddak, you didn't live long in the
Outer-Rim without being able to distinguish syndicate symbols from each other. The only
time you had ever seen that symbol was painted on the burning wreckage of a building,



graffitied and smeared with the blood of whoever there had tried to cross the gang. You could
still smell the stench of death, almost as if it originated from the faded tattoo itself.

The terror of your face must have shown, because the Pantoran grinned. He lifted the child a
little higher, causing the toddler to whine in distress.

"Wait." You spoke, voice suddenly hoarse with fear. "Don't hurt him- we didn't mean to
wander in, we-we can just go, please-" You hated how fearful you sounded, how your voice
cracked as you spoke. If it were just you, you wouldn't have let the horror seep into your
tone, would let your hands shake as you beckoned him to please, please don't hurt him-

The Pantoran didn't even move, didn't bother to reply to your stuttering words. Instead, his
eyes flicked past you, giving a small nod to something you didn't see.

You felt the hairs on the back of your neck raise automatically, and you spun to face whatever
it was behind you.

You only caught a glimpse of a dark shadow before something came down with force on your
head, knocking you to the ground with a sickening thud.

Before you could cry out in pain darkness flooded your senses, and your body collapsed
under the pressure of unconsciousness.

Chapter End Notes

Listen.

.

.

.

I'm not sorry.

Also can't believe I got this chapter done on time like holy cow. I literally only had 1000
words on Friday morning and this chapter ended up being 6k so. Still not a big fan of
how it turned out, but honestly its functional and that's what matters.

A reminder about the giveaway on my Tumblr! There's some awesome prizes including
bookmarks, oneshots, personalized letters from Din/Boba/Paz/Character of your choice,
and merchandise! The post is pinned at the top of my Tumblr, which is linked below.
Thank you!

Hope you all can survive the week until the next update ;)

----

Follow me on Tumblr!



Chapter 23: Part Twenty-three: The Duel
Chapter Summary

"The covert." Din growled against Paz’s ear, the sound dangerous with pure intent.
"Have you and the other warriors. Those two-" and he grunted as Paz again tried to free
himself, to no avail. "Only have me."

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

The air on the Razorcrest was stale. Din could taste it even from under his helmet.

It was in the way Paz studied him from behind his back as Din handled the pre-flight check,
the older Mandalorian’s eyes boring into the back of his helmet. Din knew the warrior had
questions, questions about where Din had been, about who you were, about the nature of the
relationship between you and him. He was considering his words carefully, weighing each
question in his mind as Din made his way through his check, pointedly ignoring the way
Paz’s gaze lingered on him.

The walk back to the Razorcrest hadn't been a particularly long trek. Yet to reach the craft
Din and Paz were forced to cross into a busier part of the sector, where the eyes of bar
visitors and idling passerby lingered on the pair's heavy beskar cuirasses. Din was acutely
aware that in the crowd of wandering residents and drunken stragglers that an eye for the
Black Sun was keeping the gang appraised of the two men’s whereabouts. The idea made
Din's jaw set a little harder, his hand drifting closer to his holster the entire journey towards
the ship docks.

He could tell Paz felt it as well, the increased scrutiny weighing heavily on his back. The
presence of an experienced warrior at his side didn't avail Din of the shadow of anxiety cast
across his senses. If anything, Din felt that Paz keeping pace with him made the two of them
even more of a target to any gang members who might attempt to ambush them. The beskar
that composed their armor was priceless, and Din didn’t miss the murmurs of passerby
muttering over how much the cuirass would fetch for a fair price.

“When you walk the path of The Mandalore, you are both hunter and prey.” The Armorer
had said. Din hadn’t fully understood her words at the time. Now, as he and Paz had walked
through enemy territory with targets on the back of their helmets, he finally comprehended
her meaning.

Din counted himself lucky that he was fully rested enough to take on any potential
opponents, the result of an exceptionally long and comfortable night’s sleep. Truly, he didn’t
think he had slept that well since Sorgan. There, he had rested peacefully with the knowledge



that even if he was resting, Cara was keeping watch over the village perimeter. He almost
wished he were back in bed, held aloft by the cradle of a gentle morning complete with your
soft, slumbering figure still in his arms, his helmet tucked up against your hair.

When was the last time he had felt so relaxed? So open and vulnerable? What was it about
you that disarmed him so gently and yet with such heart stammering force?

When you had appeared to him the night prior, with your sleeping clothes askew and hair
mussed from sleep, he didn’t originally understand your presence. Yet the anxiety, the
uncertainty in your gaze, followed by your eyes going wide upon realizing Din’s own state of
undress had done things to him that Din still couldn’t fully comprehend. He hadn’t missed the
way your eyes had roved over him, taking in the skin you never saw and the outline of
muscle there. A dark part of Din’s mind had wandered back to the exposed form he had seen
on Rishi, with your naked shoulders and hair curling at the nape of your bare neck. That same
thought briefly wondered what your exposed form looked like under the dim light of his
rooms, skin lit only by the warm glow of the lantern at his bedside. For the briefest of
moments Din let his mind overtake him, hoping to the stars that perhaps you were there for
exactly that purpose.

So, when you had stammered an excuse, trying to escape, Din didn’t let you. Yet at the same
time when you had spoken with a trembling voice and downcast eyes, he had listened. Din
didn’t question you over your ‘nightmare’ that you had spoken of. Instead, he shortly found
himself cradling your back to his torso, trying to control his breathing so you didn’t hear the
shortness of breath inside his chest. He took comfort in just how soft you were against his
arms, holding himself back from letting his hands wander and hoping you wouldn’t hear the
resounding drum of his heartbeat against his ribs.

He didn’t know if this was wrong or not, to hold you in his arms like that and feel the weight
of you against his side. The line between you two had become far too blurred, washed away
by the gentle tide of your circling orbits, complete with lingering glances and lasting touches.
The gravitational pull between you had set you both on a crash course, bound for an
inevitable shattering of the walls you both had constructed. If Din admitted the truth to
himself, it would be that he did want this, did want the comfort of your presence beside him.
He wanted the hold you, to allow himself to breathe in your scent, listen to the soft sounds
you made in your sleep and let your voice be the final thing he heard before the velvet
comfort of night closed the curtain over his eyes.

He wanted you. He did. He knew that now. Yet to allow himself that much…he wasn’t sure if
he could do that yet.

And as if sensing the object of his thoughts, Paz finally spoke from the threshold of the
cockpit doorway.

"Your partner. Tell me about her."

Din felt his shoulders hike up an inch, a result of the guardedness that came with discussing
the unspoken tension between him and you. Ultimately Din forced himself to not indicate any
discomfort to the larger Mandalorian. Still, he couldn't deny the spike of self-aware heat that
rose to his face, glad that Paz couldn't see his reddened cheeks under his helmet.



"What about her?" Din replied, careful to keep his voice even. Yet Paz didn't reply, remaining
silent in hopes that Din would continue.

When it became clear Paz wouldn't clarify his question, Din sighed.

"She's...a friend." He confessed at last, voice softening in the way that it did whenever he
spoke to you. "Someone I've met who...has earned her keep many times over."

Paz hummed in thought, the sound low in his chest.

"How did you two meet, exactly?"

Din paused, one hand hovering above the controls before pushing the button for the engine
flaps. The memory of your face, smeared with the red dirt of Kaddak and eyes wide as the
moons above Tatooine, looking up at him after he had uncovered your hiding place in the
cargo hold, appeared to him instantly. You had looked terrified beyond all measure, voice
cracking as you desperately tried to bargain for your safety. The thought of such fear from
you now made an uncomfortable weight settle in Din's stomach.

"I...met her on a waystation in the Outer Rim." Din lied, the idea of admitting to Paz that he
had almost killed you upon your original meeting making the bashful blush on his face
deepen with shame. "She protected the child from bounty hunters."

Paz huffed behind him, as if Din's answer was somehow amusing.

"She sounds brave." He commented, watching as Din deftly piloted the Razorcrest down into
a narrow passageway that led to the lower levels. “All by herself?”

Din nodded to confirm Paz’s question. "Cuyan is...fearless." He replied, voice dipping into a
low tone. His words were careful, halting as he tried to measure them before admitting too
much to his Vod. "She-"

" 'Cuyan?' " Paz asked incredulously, and there was laughter in his voice. "As in 'survivor'?
That's hardly romantic, Djarin."

Din spluttered under his helmet, caught entirely off guard by Paz's comment. Forgetting the
controls for a moment, he spun in his chair to face the other warrior. He was grateful Paz
couldn’t see his face, with his widened eyes and deep-set flush across his cheeks.

"That's- No, I-" He tried, only for Paz to cut him off once more.

Paz barked a laugh, the sound rich and deep in his chest.

"Don't lie, Vod.” He interjected gleefully, as if he were taking pleasure in Din’s awkward
discomfort. “It's clear as daylight that you have feelings for her. Oritsir, I can see that she
feels the same just by the way she looks at you." Din could almost see the knowing smirk on
Paz's lips, and Din couldn’t understand how he found the situation so karking funny.

Din didn't answer, staring at Paz for a moment longer before spinning back around towards
the controls. His refusal to address Paz only made the other warrior chuckle again.



"I assume that she and you aren't officially courting yet, then?"

Din groaned, letting his helmet thunk on the headrest of his chair and desperately wishing
Paz would just drop the subject already. "No." He replied definitively. "She and I are
not...'courting'."

Paz nodded, adjusting so he was leaning on the door with his arms crossed.

"Perhaps that's for the best then." He supplied with a sigh, adjusting so that he balanced more
easily as the ship banked left. "I doubt she'd be keen on our traditions or be willing to swear
by the Resol'nare. "

Din scowled, stopping just short of sending Paz a displeased look from beneath his helmet.
Yet even if he didn't want to admit it, Paz was right. You didn’t know the tenants of his
culture, didn’t understand the traditions and customs that came with it. You weren't
Mandalorian.

All Din's life he had been raised expecting that if he did ever settle down, it would be with a
member of the covert, someone who already knew The Way. Whoever his partner was, it
would be someone who was a warrior like himself, who could train whatever children or
foundlings Din found within his care according to the tenants of Mandalorian culture; To
wear the bes'kar, to know the language of Mando'a, to defend oneself and their family, to
raise warriors, contribute to the clan, and to rally to their Mand'alor when called upon.

And yet...

Truly, in some ways you had already fulfilled those tenants. You had proven on more than
one occasion your willingness to claw your way to survival, mirroring the warrior spirit of
Mandalorian culture. Your determination in protecting the child and yourself was one of the
qualities Din truly respected in you. Plus, you had sought to prove yourself in your skills,
fixing the ship, attempting to prepare food, ensuring that the child was taken care of, and
going so far as to save Din's life back on Rishi. Though you didn't wear the armor, nor did
you speak the language, in some ways your current willingness to serve and protect did not
venture far from the core ideas of the Resol’nare.

Before he could stop himself, Din let his mind stray farther. It was true that you didn’t swear
by the creed, but maybe that might change, especially considering how it aligned closely to
your own ideals. Perhaps, after you and the child were safe from the Empire, and the covert
had settled itself once more, and if you decided to stay with Din, then maybe...

Din shook his head, blinking away the thought. It was much too soon to think about that.
Besides, he still had the bounties hanging over your and the child's head to concern himself
with. Not to mention that there was a war to fight to ensure to safety of the covert.

Even so, your words of finding yourself on a peaceful planet far away from the conflicts of
the galaxy beckoned to him like a soft summer breeze. If Din still found himself by your side
when that happened, then...



"You shouldn't underestimate her." Din forced himself at last in response to Paz. "She's far
more capable than you know."

Paz remained silent, and if Din turned he would have seen the way the larger Mando tilted his
helmet at him in curiosity. If Paz had a reply he didn't speak it, as if weighing Din's words
silently in his thoughts. Yet Din knew that his words had struck an interest in Paz, one that he
filed away for later study.

Soon enough Din could see the landing platform adjacent to the warehouse below,
maneuvering the ship deftly out of traffic and downwards at an angle. The landing gear
deployed with a soft hiss, the ship lurching in a familiar thunk as it came to rest on the
landing dock.

Once the ship was landed, Din stood and made his way towards the ladder. However, Paz's
larger figure remained in the doorway, thick arms crossed, and visor tilted at Din.

Din expected him to wait a moment and then move, posturing for the sake of some sort of
entitled control. Yet when Paz spoke Din felt an irritated itch pass over his skin.

“Be careful not to get too distracted, Vod.” Paz warned, voice lowering as if others might be
listening. “The clan comes first.”

Din leveled his stare hard at the other warrior, taking a moment to let the gaze sink in before
shouldering past Paz and making his way down the ladder into the hold. Paz followed behind
him, footsteps heavy on the floor above.

No sooner had Din opened the ramp and stepped out onto the loading dock did he spot the
small crowd waiting just beyond the loading bay doors. It seemed to be comprised mostly of
children coming to look at the spaceship that had landed next to their temporary home,
peering out from behind the safety of the steel shutters with several quiet murmurs and
curious stares.

It was at that moment that one of the younger warriors pushed past the gaggle of children,
barking at them in Mando'a to get back inside and away from the entrance. The children
scattered, leaving behind their older counterpart as he jogged forward to meet Din and Paz
halfway across the platform.

"Vizsla." He spoke breathlessly in reference to the older Mando. "We have a problem."

Din stiffened automatically, eyes still scanning beyond the loading dock entryway for your
familiar figure. When you didn't appear, he turned his attention back to the younger
Mandalorian at hand.

"What's happened?" Paz demanded, tone easily shifting into that of a soldier, a commander.

"The woman-" The younger warrior paused, nodding to Din. "Your partner. She-"

He didn't get to finish. In a heartbeat Din had closed the distance between him and the other
warrior, grabbing his by the lip of his helmet to force his eyes upwards.



Din could feel his heart rate spike, hands tightening into fists. His blood rushed hot in his
veins, muscles coiling in readiness. Staring own at the younger soldier Din's eyes darkened
under his helmet upon realizing that something was terribly, terribly wrong. Instinctively he
could feel his spine straighten, fists clench in readiness.

"Where is she?" He growled, feeling the reverberation of the words deep in his throat. Like a
Loth-wolf his lips drew back, teeth bared in a predator's snarl as he jerked the younger
warrior's helmet a little higher.

The teenager grasped a gloved hand onto Din's bracer, trying to free himself. Din could feel
his stammering heartbeat under his helmet, thrumming against his fist.

"She-she's gone!" He choked out. "We tried to find her, but she was so fast! she-"

"Slow down." Paz demanded of the boy, one hand also descending heavily on Din's bracer.
"Start from the beginning."

Turning to Din, Paz tightened his hand on the bracer under his grip, forcing Din to loosen his
hold on the younger soldier. Din could feel the silent warning ripple between them, promising
violence if Din did not let the boy go.

Din forced himself to release the younger Mandalorian, who at once tumble several steps
backwards and away from the furious Mando. After a small splutter and a jerk to resettle his
helmet, he spoke again. His rush to explain had him tripping over his words, a nervous tick as
a result of intimidation by his older counterpart.

"Your partner, she ventured just outside the covert. She said something about target practice.
When she came back she was beside herself, babbling about how she couldn't find the child.
She ran off again before we could stop her."

"And you let her go alone?" Din snarled. "Into Black Sun territory? By herself?"

The warrior took another step back, startled by the pure menace in Din's tone. Instinctively,
he let one hand drift towards his sheathed vibroblade, likely anticipating a brawl.

"We thought she would be back!" He answered, trying to keep his tone even despite his voice
cracking. "She didn't go far, we could hear her practicing, so we figured-"

Din took a step forward, blood spiking with fury. Before he could make another move Paz
had intercepted him, standing halfway between Din and the younger warrior. Din could see
the rigid outlines of Paz's shoulders under his armor, held taut in preparation of Din trying to
force his way forward. This close Din could see his reflection in Paz's visor as the older
warrior leveled a hard, warning glare at him.

Though he kept his eyes trained on Din, Paz directed his voice to the Mandalorian behind
him.

"Have we found a trail? Do you know where she could have gone?"

Again, the younger warrior faltered, visor jerking to Din's wrathful stare.



"We think the Black Sun may have taken her, along with the child."

The sound around Din seemed to suck into silence, leaving only the stuttering staccato of his
heartbeat behind. If he didn't know better Din would have assumed he had been shot, the
empty hollow pain in his chest stealing the breath from his lungs and making the ground drop
out from under him. Whatever fury had taken hold of him moments prior fled, leaving the icy
grip of fear in its place.

Even through that, the words he had spoken only that morning appeared back to him
unbidden.

"I'll...see you soon."

With it came the image of your shy, smiling face. With your hair still mussed from sleep,
nightshirt dipping slightly off your shoulder and cheeks flushed with a mixture of affectionate
warmth and embarrassment. Beside you the child looked at him with sleep bleary eyes, gaze
wide and trusting that his caretaker would return shortly. Din had felt his heart surge at the
sight, enough so to let the image imprint on his thoughts even as he and Paz made their way
to the training grounds. He had never imagined that such a sight could be the last time he
ever saw you both.

Din's shocked silence caused the air to still, the hum of air traffic above indiscernible from
his own thrumming heartbeat. Under his visor Din's lips had parted in a silent gape, eyes
wide and pupils blown in fear and disbelief.

Paz regarded Din for a moment as the bounty hunter struggled to process what he had just
heard. In the absence of Din's response, he nodded at the younger Mandalorian who had
preferred the message, and after a moment the teenager gratefully fled back into the confines
of the warehouse.

Din's thoughts tumbled ceaselessly, a mixture of shock, anger, and guilt colliding into a
hailstorm of fear that threatened to drown out all his other senses.

He should have never left your side.

The feeling of your form still cradled in the grip of his arms seemed a distant memory now.
He had wanted to stay there, within the soft embrace of a restful sleep breathing in your scent
and listening to the steady rise and fall of your chest. Now...

Din startled to, eyes blinking back into focus. He was moving before his mind fully caught
up, body instinctively stalking forward with deadly intent. He didn't make it a full step before
Paz's hand landed on his pauldron, the older warrior halting him mid-stride.

"Djarin." Paz spoke, his voice low in a firm warning. Din didn't stop, shoving Paz's hand off
his pauldron and continued to stalk forward towards the warehouse and further towards the
street entrance. Paz faded behind him, the graveled sigh in his throat tapering off as Din
quickly put distance between himself and his Vod.



The second he set foot into the warehouse, into the open area cleared for training and
sparring, Din saw the gaggle of children from before rush to cover, peeking out from behind
crates at the hunter on a blood quest. Din hardly noticed, intent on marching on a war path
towards the heart of Black Sun territory, to where you had likely been taken.

He'd kill them, Din thought. The scum who had dared try and take you and the child. He had
already planned on it, with the image of a foundling killed too soon by the blaster of an
enemy warring over meager territory rights.

But now...

Din didn't consider himself to be a violent man by any means. Efficient, deadly even, yes.
But unnecessarily violent? Taking pleasure in killing? He was not those things that some
other bounty hunters were or claimed to be. Yet the idea of the damage you and the child
could possibly suffer at the hands of the Black Sun made him deeply reconsider that moral.

He could feel his blood boiling, teeth bared under his helmet and eyes alight with fire at the
thought of you and the child taken from him. Taken, and by the same low life scum that had
taken the life of a foundling not a moon prior. He could feel the lightning in his veins crackle
deadly under the heat of his skin, fists clenched and steps heavy as he made his way to the
entrance of the covert.

The two Mandalorians on guard there parted easily, sensing the bloodlust bubbling like the
fires of Coruscant molten core under Din's palms. Din could feel their stares on him as he
passed, ignoring the way they stiffened upon seeing the predatory roll of his shoulders, the
way his hand never left his holster.

He was only steps beyond them when a voice called out from behind him.

"Djarin!"

Din ignored it, knowing the words Paz would speak before they left his lips. He knew it made
no strategic sense to march into enemy territory, not when he was facing down an entire
syndicate as opposed to a squad of stormtroopers. Paz wanted him here, defending the covert
and the other foundlings before racing off to rescue you. If Din put himself in Paz's shoes, he
couldn't blame him. Yet Din wouldn't let that stop him from marching headfirst into enemy
territory, Black Sun be damned.

"Djarin!" Paz repeated, and again Din didn't answer to the call. That was until Paz's voice
rose and cracked like a whip, his shout echoing and bouncing off the metal exteriors of the
alleyway.

"DJARIN!!"

This time, Paz’s shout came with a fierce grip onto Din’s shoulder, spinning him halfway
before Din tore himself from the grasp with a snarl. Yet instead of backing off Paz only tried
once more, reaching forward and then recoiling to block the strike Din hurled at him.



Within an instant the tense but allied camaraderie that had built between Din and Paz
vanished, leaving behind the sneering hostility and animosity that came with being rivals.

Paz drew his vibroblade with a growl to rival that of a Nexu, taking advantage of Din’s
sloppily thrown punch to sidestep him. Despite having an opening to do so, he didn’t slice
down Din’s shoulder, instead securing Din’s attacking arm between his elbow and side. The
motion threw Din off balance, allowing Paz to drag Din closer to him and seize the hunter by
the nape of his neck. He was still trying to rein him in like a misbehaving pup, a fact that
made the light in Din’s eyes flicker with rage.

Din felt his blood pressure spike, and with a grunt he threw his head forward, connecting the
beskar helmet with the crown of Paz’s own helm, causing Paz to loosen his grip enough for
Din to retreat with his arm. Paz took a small stumble backwards, rattled by the force of
Kov’nyn strike. In the time that it took him to shake his head clear of the ringing sound left by
the metal collision, Din had drawn his own vibroblade.

There was an audience growing now at the mouth of the tunnel underneath the Mythosaur
mantle. Comprised mainly of other warriors, Din could hear the hushed murmur of surprise
and interest at the unfolding duel. Between the legs of the adults several of the foundlings
watched curiously.

Din and Paz circled each other like opposing predators, with bright eyes, and bared teeth. The
hum of the vibroblade sang in a low tune within Din’s grasp, reaching out to harmonize with
the weapon across from it. Din knew how painful the slice of Paz’s blade could be, with
small scrapes and bruises all over from his previous spars with the warrior. Yet this wasn’t a
duel to kill, it wasn’t even a duel to maim. This was about making a point in the way that
only warriors understood.

Din sank low into his stance, recounting the number of spars he had dueled with Paz before.
Though Paz had the advantage of height, weight, and strength, Din that the advantage of
being faster, nimbler on his feet. His reaction time was quicker compared to the heavy
infantry Mando, his lighter stature allowing him to move with increased speed and agility.
Which meant that this brawl became less one of strength, and one of endurance, with Din
wearing down his opponent and waiting for the perfect moment to strike.

"Vod." Paz spoke again from across the space between them. His voice was low, but not
threatening. Instead, it was a request, a firm plea for Din to reconsider. "Don't do this."

Din didn’t answer, instead feinting left and jabbing forward with his right hand, swinging a
broad strike across Paz’s chest plate that left sparks in its wake. He didn’t expect Paz to take
advantage of the opening, his gloved hand reaching out and grabbing Din by his belt. Din
managed to keep his footing as the stronger warrior dragged him forward into grappling
range, landing a precise blow on the inside of Paz’s elbow that broke his hold.

Yet even then he wasn’t free, as Paz struggled to keep Din in close range an overwhelm him
with his superior strength. He blocked the next swing of Din’s blade with the inside of his
bracer, the weapon singing loudly as it vibrated against the beskar. With his other hand Paz
drew up his own blade towards Din’s chest plate, only for Din to catch him by the wrist. They
remained locked, each trying to deflect and attack simultaneously. A ripple ran through the



witnessing crowd, some warriors bending helmets to speak in low voices as they observed
the altercation.

"We need you here, defending the covert and the other foundlings.” Paz grunted, voice tight
with concentration and effort. “You're itching to get yourself killed, marching off to war by
yourself.”

"I won't leave them." Din snapped back, eyes flashing dangerously. Sweat was now beading
on his forehead, skin flushed with the adrenaline that came with anger. "I swore to protect
them."

In an attempt at surprise, Din dropped the blade in his hand, letting the sound of it clattering
against the pavement distract Paz momentarily. Then, using Paz’s own momentum, Din let
the warrior lurch forward. Grabbing Paz’s helmet, Din brought it down on his knee. He
expected the warrior to reel backwards, teetering and allowing Din to take down to the
ground. Yet Paz seemed to think ahead, and in a mere heartbeat Din found the world spin,
ending with himself with his stomach on the ground. Paz’s weight settled on him pinning him
down and keeping him from rising.

"You swore first to the covert." Paz's barked next to his ear, and Din swore he saw red at the
outrage of Paz’s words and at being subdued. "Would you really choose them over your own
clan? Again?"

"I said those two are under my protection." Din snarled, twisting so he managed to get at least
one hand free from Paz’s pin on him, the other still yanked behind his back. "I swore to
protect the child on Nevarro, then to protect Cuyan, my partner after she had saved the child's
life. I will not abandon them."

Paz grunted as Din thrashed, not noticing the creep of Din’s hand outwards. Din disguised it
as trying to use his free arm to push himself upwards in an attempt to throw Paz off, to no
avail. Yet Paz didn’t let up despite having Din pressed against the pavement, forcing him to
listen as he continued.

"The covert, your aliit, is your priority." He growled, the sound deep in his chest. When Din
let loose a grunt, trying desperately to free his pinned arm, Paz’s grip tightened painfully in a
warning. "Trust me when I say there will be time to find your friend. When we attack the
Black Sun, then you can look for her, but right now we need you here."

There.

Paz noticed Din’s fingers grasping the handle of his dropped blade a moment too late,
tumbling off Din in attempt to avoid the backwards stab aimed directly at his hip. The second
Paz’s weight left his body Din shot to his feet, using his momentum to kick Paz square in the
chest as he was still rising. The strike forced Paz to momentarily lose him balance, one knee
folding. A hand reached for his own dropped vibroblade, only to have Din kick it away. Din
surged forward, not allowing Paz even a moment to recover.

Rather than kick him again and risk Paz seizing his leg, Din skidded to Paz’s level on the
ground. With speed greater than the heavy infantry Mando, Din managed to wrap one arm



around Paz’s neck, hauling him to the side and letting his other hand press the vibroblade into
the junction under his helmet between his chin and throat. The other Mando managed to
wedge a hand between Din’s bracer and his neck, keeping Din from choking him but pinning
his hand in the process. Paz attempted to jerk Din off, only for Din to reach and secure Paz’s
remaining free arm under his calf.

"The covert." Din growled against Paz’s ear, the sound dangerous with pure intent. "Have
you and the other warriors. Those two-" and he grunted as Paz again tried to free himself, to
no avail. "Only have me."

Paz paused, and Din for a moment thought that the warrior was thinking, considering another
way out of Din’s hold. What came next, however, wasn’t another surge of effort to free
himself. Instead, Paz let out a grunt before tapping Din’s calf twice in the signal of surrender.

Din was hesitant, but after a moment let loose Paz from his hold. The warrior slackened
under him, both Mandalorians breathing heavy from the brawl. The onlooking crowd
murmured, some of its members dispersing now that the struggle was over. Din and Paz both
took a moment to collect themselves, heart beats evening out and air collecting once more in
their chests.

It was Paz who stood first, pushing up from his elbows and towering over Din’s form still on
the ground. Din could still see the tension in his shoulders, the sting of being bested smarting
against his skin. Yet even so he turned, offering his Vod a hand and hauling him upwards
when Din accepted.

They stood apart from each other, chests still heaving and eyes flashing despite the brawl
having ended.

Now mostly alone, Din regarded Paz with a hard stare. He half expected Paz to deny him
leave to go pursue you even after he had bested the other warrior, not that Din truly needed it.
He was going whether Paz would allow him or not. He wouldn’t abandon you.

Paz seemed to sense this, as if nothing he did or said would dissuade Din from his current
course. He chose his next words carefully, speaking at last after a long-suffering sigh.

“I’m coming with you.”

Din blinked, despite not showing any other outward reaction. Out of all the things Paz could
have said, an offer to come with him was not something that Din had expected.

“The covert-“ Din started, only to be cut off.

“Can handle themselves for a single day.” Paz shot back, voice biting with irritation. “I’m not
the only capable warrior here by any means. However-“ and Paz stepped a touch closer,
causing Din to crane his head back briefly to make eye contact with the warrior’s visor. “We
do this quietly. I won’t have the whole of Black Sun raining hell down on us because you
decided get payback for what happened, you understand?”



Din stiffened, gaze darkening. His fists clenched at his side, the worn leather of his gloves
squeaking in his grip. Paz was trying to cower him, keep him in line as Din had allowed him
to do so for the years of their training together. Din hadn’t bothered to challenge him, more
focused on developing his skills than picking a fight with a member of a well-established
clan. That fact alone had only fueled Paz as a younger man, assuming his superiority over
Din due to their differences as a born Mandalorian and a mere foundling. Now, however…

“Fine.” Din bit back, voice low at the back of his throat and refusing to back down even an
inch. “But you don’t give me orders, Vizsla. You may be Mand’alor here, but I don’t answer
to you.”

Paz regarded him with a hard stare, helmet pressed close enough so that the metal nearly
scraped against Din’s. Yet Din refused to flinch, to back down. He had experienced enough of
Paz tossing his weight around, not when it concerned two beings that if, had they belonged to
any clan at all, belonged to Din’s. Had anyone still been watching, they might have assumed
that the two warriors were about to draw blades once more.

Paz was the first to step away, brushing past Din so he knocked shoulders with the smaller
warrior.

“Get what you need.” He shot sharply over his shoulder, stalking forward like the commander
that he was. “We’re leaving. Now.”

Chapter End Notes

Sorry for the short summary this chapter, it was that line that really stood out to me and I
wanted to highlight it.

Also surprise! Bet you didn't expect to see me on a Thursday, hehe

I didn't expect to explore this much of Paz and Din's relationship this chapter, but it was
honestly fascinating to look at them as brothers in arms, as rivals, as commander and
clan member, and birthright vs. foundling status. I feel like when they aren't fighting Paz
is being a mischievous older brother and teasing Din about his crush while Din hides his
helmet in his hands. In my head they're only a few years apart. Here's hoping we get to
see more of the big blue beskar boy in future Mandalorian episodes.

A reminder that I'm hosting a giveaway on my tumblr! Gifts include one-shots,
merchandise such as stickers and a face mask, as well as some hand made goodies!
There's a good chance you'll win something, as the post doesn't have many notes at the
moment. Come check it out at Sprout-Fics! It's the pinned post as soon as you click on
my blog :D

I'm going to try by darndest to get another update done by this weekend. It may end up
being Sunday instead of Saturday, but even so I'll try my best.

See you then!



-----

If you enjoy my work, please consider supporting me by:

Following me on Tumblr!



Chapter 24: Part Twenty-four: The Escape
Chapter Summary

"And then what?" The wolf-man carrying you asked, grunting as he adjusted you
uncomfortably on his shoulder. You bit back a grunt, keeping quiet as you listened to
their current conversation.

"Then we attack, show them the full power of the Black Sun!"

Oh good, you realized belatedly. They were idiots.

If they thought they could attack an entire covert of Mandalorians and win, then they
had to be stupid. From what you could tell the covert had already fended them off once,
enough so that the gang was forced to retreat and recoup their numbers. Unless they had
some superior advantage, the Black Sun's attack would in all likelihood turn out to be
unsuccessful.

Although, you supposed that's where you and the kid came in.

Chapter Notes

General chapter warning for fear of heights, injury, and child endangerment. Please
practice self care.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

You could hear a voice.

Calling out to you over and over again, verging on tears as it echoed your name, the sound
echoed more familiar to you than any other word. It was quiet, pleading, as if afraid to speak.
Yet this wasn't the voice from your dreams, the one that cried out to you in horror and
desperation. This was softer, but no less afraid.

You knew this voice.

The first thing you noticed upon stirring towards wakefulness was the motion of your body,
rocking back and forth jerkily as air moved past your face. It didn't take long for you to
realize that you were moving, but any idea as to your destination remained absent. It was
almost comfortable, like being cradled. Yet your senses urged you to regain awareness,
combined with the desperate tone of the voice calling your name.



Your eyes fluttered open, vision beginning to clear from unconsciousness. Yet as it did a pain
drew low across the back of your head, making you stifle a groan. A sharp ache blossomed at
the base of your skull, crawling up and over your temples like a crown of thorns digging into
your muscles.

It took you more than a moment to realize what had taken you out in the first place, as well as
to try and figure out exactly where you were. Your thoughts were clouded by the haze of pain
across your skull, and even as you tried to clear them the echoing sound of your name
remained present.

"I'm awake, stop." You thought back, surprised to find that the constant drum of your name
ceased almost instantly. In its place came a small whimper, a sound of fear and uncertainty.

Yet in the silence that followed came a new sound, a voice that remained unfamiliar to you.

"Are you sure this is the same one you saw with the Mandalorian?"

The voice's owner was close enough that you could hear the deep timbre in their chest as they
spoke, voice several octaves too deep for that of a typical human. In fact, as the world slowly
began to make itself clear to you, you realized the person speaking was close enough to
touch.

"Yes, I'm sure. That's the third time you've asked me."

You were being carried, you realized. The conversation didn't dawn on you, not yet. Instead,
you tried to make sense of your surroundings, failing to reconcile the words spoken with why
exactly you were being transported, or to exactly where.

Slowly, you began to recall the events prior to your unconsciousness.

You had been searching for the kid after he had wandered off, with your heart in your throat
and eyes wild with fear. How far you yourself had ventured from the covert you did not
know. All you remembered was the streets getting darker, deeper into the underbelly of the
sector as your feet carried you to where you prayed the child was.

Then, held aloft by a tightly curled fist, you had found him.

You could recall the memory now, that of the fear and heart stopping panic upon seeing the
tattoo of the Black sun emblazoned across the Pantoran's bicep. You had watched his eyes
trace something behind your back, turning a moment too late to face whatever threat lay
beyond your sight.

Then, darkness.

The cold, tight grip of terror seized you upon realizing that you were captured. Though not by
the Imperial remnants, or by bounty hunters, the fact remained that you had been forcibly
detained by someone who you considered to be an enemy.

That same fear that you had felt back on Kaddak as you desperately fled the Trandoshan
hunter for the gang there now rose unabated in your chest. You couldn't hold it back, brain



conjuring impossible images of being held, tortured, made an example of, killed-

You didn't have Mando to aid you the way he had on Hypori and Rishi. Everything had
happened so fast, you weren't even sure if he was back yet from his errand with Paz. He
would notice your absence, but would it be too late before that happened?

"We should be able to get some information out of her once she wakes up."

The second voice spoke again, and as your senses cleared you began to realize there was
distance between you and them. You opened your eyes once more, peering through your
eyelashes to see the cracked pavement of Coruscant moving past you as you hung...upside
down? That would explain why your head hurt so badly, with all the blood rushing
downwards with the force of gravity. What was more, your hands had been bound in front of
you as you lay on your stomach across the alien's broad shoulder, leaving very little room for
you to try and wiggle free.

What surprised you more than that was staring down the large furry back of whoever had you
slung over their shoulder. As they walked you could see their feet far under you, complete
with hackled legs and claws longer than your fingers. You suppressed a shiver, trying not to
imagine one of the blade-sharp nails catching across your skin.

"Like what?" The voice of the one carrying you asked, and now you had enough to guess that
it was some type of wolf-man alien variety, complete with sharp fangs and a deep growl in
his chest.

"Like where exactly they're hiding, you moron." The other voice answered from somewhere
in front of your captor. You began to recognize the voice of the Pantoran who had seized the
child and distracted you, though the realization made your blood flush hot with anger.

Immediately your thoughts raced back to Din. There was no way he didn't notice your and
the child's absence. It could be he was on his way right now, tracking the sleemo who had
taken you both into custody. For a moment you couldn't help but pity the poor souls,
remembering the events that had occurred on Hypori.

The memory of the bloodbath that had taken place there made you shiver internally. You
didn't see Mando's face when he saw your poisoned, injured and collapsed form on the ramp
to the Razorcrest, but you didn't need to. The stance he had taken, the way he gripped his
blaster and had snarled that sound in Mando'a that you still didn't understand had spoken for
itself. Then the chaos that had followed...

You wanted to be far, far away with the kid when Din exacted his revenge.

"We know which sector they're in, but we still haven't been able to pin down where exactly
they are. She should be able to lead us to them." The Pantoran continued, and it seemed
neither he nor his companion carrying you seemed to realize that you had stirred awake.

His words, of course, led to your own questions. Where the hell were you being taken?
Obviously back to some type of safehouse or headquarters, but where exactly? It had to be
deep enough into the Black Sun territory that it had taken them some time to notice the



Mandalorian Covert setting up at the edge of their sector. If you could figure out exactly
where, then maybe, maybe you could begin to orient yourself and chart a path back towards
where you thought the warehouse was. You could at least try and shorten the distance
between yourself and Din, who would inevitably follow you both into the gangland. That
way he wouldn’t be forced to fight his way through the thick of Black Sun territory to get to
you and the child.

Yet the further you walked, the less sure of that plan you became. You had no idea how long
you had been walking, or if perhaps you had been walking the entire time at all. For all you
knew you could be on the other side of the planet at a different sector controlled by the
syndicate, far removed from the scarce number of familiar streets you had encountered.

"And then what?" The wolf-man carrying you asked, grunting as he adjusted you
uncomfortably on his shoulder. You bit back a grunt, keeping quiet as you listened to their
current conversation.

"Then we attack, show them the full power of the Black Sun!"

Oh good, you realized belatedly. They were idiots.

If they thought they could attack an entire covert of Mandalorians and win, then they had to
be stupid. From what you could tell the covert had already fended them off once, enough so
that the gang was forced to retreat and recoup their numbers. Unless they had some superior
advantage, the Black Sun's attack would in all likelihood turn out to be unsuccessful.

Although, you supposed that's where you and the kid came in.

"What if she doesn't want to tell us?" The one holding you still on his shoulder asked, and
you would have laughed at the odd tint of concern in his voice if it wasn't for the fact that he
had just knocked you out and kidnapped you.

"Well then we force it out of her!"

The thought made you grimace, trying not to imagine all the techniques that could be used on
you to extract information that you didn't possess. After all, the Mandalorians had been
suspicious of you as an outsider, revealing very little except the bare minimum needed to
safely navigate the boundaries of the covert's meager territory. You hadn't been present at the
war council with Paz discussing numbers, ammunition, defenses, and the like. You didn't
know exactly what information the Pantoran thought you might have, but you could almost
guarantee that you didn't have it.

"How do we force it out of her?" The wolfman asked, and this time when he spoke you could
hear what sounded like a Correlian drawl to his voice.

"Is there even a brain in that gigantic furry head of yours?" His smaller friend snapped back
irritably. "Like using the thing I'm holding, for example" and suddenly you heard the distinct
sound of the child letting out a sharp whine of distress.



It took everything in you to not kick and shout as you tried to free yourself. You were barely
able to not draw in a sharp gasp at the wave of concern that washed over you upon hearing
the child's voice. You tried desperately to breathe as if you were still unconscious, retaining
your element of surprise for whenever you did try to break free. Yet that didn't quell the panic
in your chest at the thought of nefarious gang members hurting the child to try and extract
information that you didn't have.

One thing became very clear, very quickly, however.

You couldn't wait for Din to come find you. You had to get out of here.

"What even is this weird green thing anyways?" The Pantoran asked, as if he was holding the
child up for a closer inspection. The kid snorted at him in what seemed like a mixture of
indignation and disgust at his captor.

"I don't know, a pet maybe?" The wolf-man carrying you answered. "I think he's kind of
cute."

"He?" The Pantoran questioned, voice tinting sardonically.

You could feel your captor shrug, the motion lifting you up on his shoulder. "Yeah, just seems
like a 'he' to me."

The child snorted again, making a small sound of discomfort which was promptly ignored by
both men.

You wished you could hold him, as if the mere gesture of cradling him in your arms could
make him safe. Even if you were still held captive, if you could at least hold him then you
could make sure no harm came to him. You felt the urge draw hollow in your chest, wishing
desperately that you could just see the child and make sure he was unharmed.

There would be time for that later. For now, you had to figure out a way to escape.

You couldn't see much from your position, limp atop the back of the furry beast under you. If
you opened your eyes you could see the ground pass under you, count the steps in between it
took for your handler to reach the seams in the sidewalk. The ever-present sounds of traffic
had faded to a low hum in the distance, signaling that you and the child had been taken
deeper, further into the underbelly of the sector and away from the shantytown where at least
some light filtered downwards from the planet's surface.

You were alone, it seemed. The streets were empty as far as you were aware, no other
footsteps present except for the two who held you and the child captive. Perhaps there were
those that loitered outside your vision, but in order to see them you would have to move and
alert the wolf-man carrying you that you were no longer unconscious.

If only you could get your hands free. As smart as the Pantoran seemed to think of himself,
he didn't bother to bind your hands behind your back. Not that you were complaining, truly. It
made your job of escaping much easier with your hands in front of you. Even if your hands
were bound you could still use them to some extent. The thought of reaching down and



ripping the fur from the alien's back occurred to you, though truly it might only make him
angry as opposed to actually injuring him.

You could try and kick your way free, trying to tumble off the creature's back. Though if the
Pantoran was still holding onto the child, he could easily threaten him and subdue you once
more. There had to be a way to distract him long enough to grab the child and make a break
for it. If you had your blaster you could do it, but you couldn't feel the weight of it in its
holster at your side, likely confiscated along with what little else you had on your person.

"Even if we can't get any info out of her, that Mando's sure as hell going to come looking for
her. We might be able to get something out of him if we use her as bait." The Pantoran mused
aloud, and you almost stiffened at the thought, muscles coiling in panic. You forced yourself
to breathe, to keep your body limp in the wolf-man's hold. Yet inside your heart drummed
louder in your chest, blood rushing in your ears and breath short in your lungs.

Trying to use you as bait to get Din's attention was a fool's errand. Din wouldn't stand to be
manipulated, especially by those who had already killed a foundling of his creed. The one
bounty hunter who had tried to extort him using you had failed, and now lay deep in the
jungle dirt on Rishi.

Still, the thought of Din being trapped after coming to your rescue had you panicking. If
somehow they lured Din into an ambush he couldn't handle, you would be helpless as he
fended off attackers, knowing that even if you tried to intervene, doing so would risk the
child you had sworn to protect.

You couldn't help the fearful despair that threatened to cloud out your other thoughts. You
had to escape. Not only for yourself and the child, but for Din as well. He was always coming
to your rescue, always defending you and trying to protect you. Now, with the single mistake
of turning your attention for a moment too long, you had potentially put him in terrible
danger. If the worse came to pass and Din was defeated, you didn't know how you could ever
live with yourself.

Then again, if your escape attempt failed, if somehow you managed to get free but not
retrieve the child in the process, you doubted you'd ever be able to face Din again. Your one
job of ensuring that the kid wasn't harmed would have failed, and whatever trust you had
sought to build with the Mandalorian would be broken.

Would he even bother to come looking for you if that happened?

A crease furrow drew across your brow, one you quickly brushed away. Thinking about such
a scenario didn't help your current situation. You only had one shot at this, and it had to go
exactly right, or you wouldn't have anything to worry about because you'd be dead, lying cold
against the durasteel walkway of the Coruscant underworld, and the child would be stolen.

No sooner had you begun to resolve yourself did your two captors suddenly halt. There was a
small shuffle and a grunt from the Pantoran, followed by another whine from the child. You
had all of a moment to blink in surprise before you were being hauled off the wolfman's
shoulder by his large furry arm.



Instinctively, you yelped in surprise, startling both yourself and the beast holding you. Yet
before he could speak you felt yourself unceremoniously dumped downwards, your butt
hitting the worn cushions of some type of air speeder. With your legs sprawled over the back
seat, hands bound in front of you, you turned your gaze upwards to look into the face of your
captor.

"What the?" The Pantoran asked, and you jerked your head to the side, watching as he paused
halfway into the front seat of the speeder. "How long were you awake?"

Your eyes darted wildly, breath frozen in your throat as your mind worked into overdrive. On
the seat that the gang member was climbing into you saw the kid, swaddled tightly in some
type of cloth to prevent him from squirming. For a heartbeat his eyes looked at you,
establishing some unspoken connection of understanding.

Then your eyes jerked past the wolfman, with his dingy brown fur and sharp canines to a spot
just over his massive shoulder. There your gaze widened, a hopeful light dancing off your
irises as you raised your hands to wave.

"Mando!" You yelped, voice as loud as you could make it. "Over here!"

"What-?!" The Lupine yelped, twisting to gaze over his shoulder at the rescuer who wasn't
there.

In the moment he was distracted you lunged for the controls, tumbling over the back of the
front seat. In doing so you accidentally kicked the Pantoran across the head with your boot,
inadvertently but successfully disorienting him. He grunted, faltering over the gap between
the mounting platform and the speeder.

In the time it took for the wolfman to turn back and realize his companion was now in danger
of falling, you wiggled your foot towards the pedals of the speeder, one hand shaking and
fumbling for the ignition. Sprawled sideways now in the front seat, your head whipped to
your right to see the Pantoran trying to tumble into the speeder, with his Shistavanen sidekick
now trying to aid him in getting back into the speeder to try and stop you. Locking eyes with
you for the briefest of moments, you could see the confused look on his face sharpen into a
predatory growl, making the blood drain from your expression with fear.

The sound of the engine sputtering to life was the most beautiful sound you had ever heard.
The speeder lifted up, the repulsors fully activating and keeping the hovercraft buoyant in the
air.

"Hang on, kid!" You yelled, voice echoing off the alleyway walls.

Just as the Pantoran tumbled head over heels into the passenger seat you shoved your foot
down on what you prayed was the accelerator. The craft jerked forward with a splutter,
shooting off just as the Shistavanen tried to dive for you on your other side. His extended
claws missed you by a hair breadth, then screeched as they failed to catch on the metal
exterior of the speeder. In an instant he was left behind, and you were trying desperately to
pilot the blasted thing as it hurtled down the street.



With the air rushing past your ears and whipping through your hair, you struggled to keep
your hands on the controls and straighten yourself in the seat at the same time. The street in
front of you was, gratefully, empty as the speeder zig zagged its way low across the metal
walkway. You couldn’t seem to keep it straight, correcting over correcting amateurly. No
wonder Din didn't let you anywhere near the controls of the Razorcrest. Although, you
thought irritably, maybe if he had you wouldn't be trying to steer a speeder with exactly zero
experience.

With the metal exteriors of apartments and building on your left, and the thin guardrail
holding you back against the vast expanse of emptiness leading further down into the
undercity on your right, keeping a straight course was vital to your survival. That wasn't
aided, of course, by the Pantoran struggling to straighten himself in the seat beside you, head
down on the floor and being jerked back and forth as a result of your sloppy steering; A fact
that wasn't aided by your hands still bound together in front of you. Your fingers managed to
grasp onto the steering wheel with a white-knuckle grip, each shake of your hands driving the
speeder a little closer to the ledge of the street.

Now straight in your seat, you braced a knee on the steering and raised your wrists to your
face, using your teeth to try and tug the bindings free from your hands. As you did, you
jerked your knee to the right, crashing into a pile of crates. You ducked just in time, avoiding
the supplies that crashed onto and over the zooming speeder. The Pantoran, who had just
begun to right himself, was struck low across the brow by a flying piece of debris, rendering
him limp across the passenger seat as he tried to cradle the oozing blue gash in his forehead.

With a mighty tug, you managed to get one of your hands free from the ropes, and now with
two hands available you took full control of the steering once more.

Movement ahead caught your eye, and as you swept your gaze forward you watched in
horror as a small group of bedraggled residents peered from an apartment building doorway,
some leaning into the street to see the cause of the commotion in your direction. Their
smaller forms grew in size rapidly, and in a panic you jerked the speeder to the right, feeling
your heart drop to your stomach as you careened out into the open air.

Neon lights decorated the boundaries of the massive expanse, glowing in the darkness that
came with night. The dizzying colors and flashing signs made it all the more difficult as you
tried to gain your bearings. A crisscrossing network of walkways intersected far under you,
and if you paused to look you could see the stares of passerby craning their heads to see the
out-of-control speeder far above them.

The sounds of traffic quickly became clear to you, even as you tried to contain a scream at
the terror of being so high up and suspended in midair with only the speeder's repulsors to
keep you there. Ahead and above you, a lane of traffic whooshed by with a number of
speeders. You tried to avoid it, but ultimately ran through, with several drivers honking at you
as you caused them to swerve around you in midair.

"Are you out of your karking mind?!" The Pantoran screamed, having finally righted himself
as he now leaned across the front seat and fumbled for the controls. "You're going to get all of
us killed, including yourself!"



You didn't answer, eyes wild and hair whipping across your face. Instead of replying you
reached for the child in between you and the gang member, grasping the edge of his swaddle
and tugging him into your lap with a brief heartbeat of relief.

That relief vanished as your former captor and now adversary snarled, lunging, and snaking
one hand around the steering. Yelling in surprise and fear, you struck wildly at him, one hand
catching the gash on his forehead and smearing your fist with blue blood.

The alien roared, reeling back but refusing to let go of the speeder steering. In doing so, he
jerked the speeder hard enough to make it tilt dangerously to the right. You screamed as you
began to slide in your seat, one arm reaching and holding desperately onto the edge of the
craft behind you, the other snatching the kid into your grip and keeping him from tumbling
off and into the void below. Your feet struggled to find purchase, keeping you from sliding
down the seat and towards the gaping expanse of air that lurked under you.

"Let go!" You screamed, voice shrill and at a note you'd never heard yourself shriek before.

Yet the Black Sun member didn't relent, even as the speeder tilted dangerously further into
capsizing. Instead, the Pantoran reached with his other hand down to his belt, and you
watched in blind horror as his hand drifted to the blaster at his side.

Your body moved before your mind could catch up. Now sideways in the front seat, you
brought your leg up to your chest, and with a great cry launched it forwards so that it struck
the Pantoran square in his chest. You weren't expecting it to have as much force as it did, as
your opponent was launched backwards.

As if in slow motion, you watched as his back hit the side of the seat, arching over the edge
as he recoiled from pain. You could see the realization, the terror pass over his eyes as the
speeder continued to tilt. His lips parted, as if to beg for help before you blinked, and he
tumbled over the side into the endless expanse below. His terrified scream echoed in your
ears, ringing in a high note as you gazed down in disbelief, holding the child tight to your
chest with one arm.

Chest heaving in a vain attempt to control your breath, you looked around wildly. The
speeder was out of control now, tilted far enough that you couldn't reach for the controls
without letting go and falling or releasing the terrified child in your arms.

Yet as if fate intervened, you could see a walkway ahead, the passersby on it pausing to look
curiously at the vessel before scattering with a series of screams. The engine of the speeder
was whining now, a horrible screeching sound as it tried and failed to balance itself. You
watched the walkway draw ever closer, seeing the details of advertisement boards and trash
piles come into place.

You were going to have to bail, you realized. Drop down onto the walkway as the speeder
passed over it. If you stayed in the speeder with no way to right it you would crash, and the
impact would jerk you and the child into falling endlessly towards the void-like bottom of the
sector. With the speed at which you were flying, you were going to have only one chance. If
you missed, you would end up plunging into the great chasm below you like your captor,
falling to a deadly and inevitable fate.



"Whatever gods are up there." You gasped, readying yourself as the walkway grew in size.
"For force's sake, don't let me miss."

The child in your arms hiccupped, and you felt the gasp of fear in your own chest holding
tightly to the air in your lungs. Holding your breath, you kept your eyes wide open as you
tensed, held the kid tight-

And let go.

For a moment you were suspended in air on all sides, hair and clothes fluttering as you
descended. With the neon lights of the city all around you, and the air rushing past you as you
seemed to take flight, you surrendered yourself. In that briefest of moments, holding the kid
suffocatingly tight to your chest and hearing the wind harmonize with the blood rushing in
your ears, you felt as if you were weightless, held aloft by an invisible tether in the cradle of
flashing light, sound and movement that composed the aria of Coruscant's anthem.

Then the ground came rushing up far too quickly, the grey durasteel blurring as it flew closer
to your vision. You tried to twist in mid-air as you fell, holding the kid and praying that he
wouldn't be hurt-

The impact drew whatever air was left in your body from your lungs. Something in your
shoulder made a distinct ‘pop’. You let out a broken cry as you tumbled, managing to keep a
grip on the toddler as you rolled, crashing into a pile of trash debris and eventually coming to
a stop.

The air settled around you, several pieces of paper fluttering and coming to rest on your limp
form. You could hear the sound of the speeder, with its horrible engine scream, fade into the
distance. After several moments there was a loud bang, then silence.

You stayed there on the ground for some time, winded, bruised, and disoriented. Yet the first
thought that entered into mind wasn't that of the pain or the terror of your ordeal, but the
simple, overwhelming gratitude of being alive. Somehow, against the overwhelming odds,
you had survived.

Your body ached from head to toe, and you could feel a sharp, unrelenting pain on the side
you had landed on, whimpering when you attempted to shift. The pain dug deeper into your
side, curling up under your arm and etching along your ribs. It was an indication of your
survival, and you thanked whatever superior power lived above that you were only injured,
not dead or falling to your doom far far below.

Yet from within your arms came a distressed whine, and every injury that you suffered was
forgotten in an instant. You drew the child away from your chest, eyes wide and breath
hitching in your throat.

"Kid!" You gasped, feeling the air flood back into your lungs. From the confines of the dingy
swaddled blanket the child looked up at you with peering eyes, as if he were too scared to
open them in case your landing had only been a figment of his imagination.



Upon realizing that you had both survived the ordeal, however, the toddler's little green
forehead wrinkled. His eyes became glassy with tears, and with a hiccup, he began to sob in a
mixture of being completely overwhelmed and terribly afraid. You could feel his entire body
jolt with the cries, the sounds echoing in your own chest.

As if hearing the child's sobs opened a floodgate, you too felt your throat choke. Unwillingly,
a gasp escaped you. Within seconds you felt the hot trail of tears spilling down your cheeks
as you held the kid close, curling around him comfortingly as you cried in tandem at the
horror of your ordeal and the gratitude at having survived.

"Hey!" A voice called, and despite your eyes still blurry with tears your head jerked up. You
jolted to a sit, whining in pain at the sharp pierce that ran across your side, stealing the breath
from your lungs. Yet your eyes looked up even as you wrapped both arms around the kid's
swaddle.

A female Quarren stood a ways away from you, stance low as if ready to run. She looked
directly at you and the kid, then glanced behind her at a small crowd of residents who had
their gazes locked on you.

"Are you okay?" She asked, voice concerned. "Do I need to call the police?"

Whatever relief you felt in your system now drew hard and cold as realization. The police
would only ask questions. You and Din had entered the planet under the radar, and you had
no papers with which to present yourself. Plus the image of having jumped from a speeder
while holding a baby would immediately cast you into doubt. You couldn't let the police
officers find you, couldn't let them take away the kid. You had to go, you had to run.

Pushing yourself so that you tucked your knee under you, you grit your teeth against
whatever horrible pain inflamed your side. It took a moment, but soon enough you wobbled
to a stand, turning from the growing crowd, and limping quickly in the other direction. The
woman called after you, but you ignored her voice, focused only on trying to get somewhere
where you wouldn’t be noticed.

The child in your arms was still crying, still sobbing against your chest. You could feel your
own tears still hot against your face as you quickly put distance in between yourself and the
crowd, pushing your way past those still on the walkway and towards the outline of shops
and buildings at the far end. The few Coruscanti citizens who hadn’t been on the bridge
during your jump made way for you. You could hear their confused and curious whispers as
you stumbled towards the shadows of the shops.

There, you ducked into an alleyway, collapsing into the shadows. The moment your back hit
the wall and your feet slid out from under you a broken gasp let loose from your throat, one
born from the intense pain that flooded your veins. This seemed to only further distress the
child, who cried louder with a high-pitched whine and shaking breaths. You tried to hush the
kid, reassuring him, and unbundling him from the swaddle. As soon as you did his tiny hands
reached for you, face scrunched miserably.

"Are you hurt?" You asked, and the kid didn't answer, instead curling into your chest. There
his cries quieted, as if the touch of being against your body comforted him. As you gently



examined him it seemed that you had absorbed the brunt of the impact. He whimpered as you
poked and prodded him but didn’t let loose any cries of pain or discomfort. You breathed a
huge sigh of relief, muscles loosening. The kid seemed a little bruised, but otherwise in one
piece and thankfully okay.

"It's okay." You spoke to the child, one hand brushing lightly against the back of his head.
The motion caused him to snuggle farther against you, a stray hiccup tearing from his throat.
Yet at your words he eased into your touch, sniffling but no longer sobbing.

"We'll be okay." You said again to yourself, looking up at the endless expanse of the
Coruscant underworld. The narrow frame of the alleyway walls allowed the hanging
buildings of the planet’s artificial shell to peek through. There the dizzying neon lights of the
city twinkled down at you, casting bright colors over your anxious face and reflecting in the
stray tears that still escaped the corners of your eyes.

Somehow, your thoughts drifted back to Din. You prayed to the stars he was looking for you,
that he had somehow already caught your scent. If that were so then maybe you could hold
on, could make it until morning so you could find him and be safe in his hold once more. The
thought brought forth a new choking sensation to your throat, and you swallowed back an
overwhelmed sob of fear and desperation. Instead, you spoke, words curling up above you
and, you prayed, floating to the place where Din was.

"We'll be okay."

Chapter End Notes

Haha! Nobody expects a double update!

Don't ask me how I got this chapter done in time. I literally only had 600 words on
Thursday evening. That being said, I actually am fairly pleased with how this turned
out! The escape scene made ME nervous, lol. Although that's probably because I'm
terrified of heights (⊙_⊙;)

Din isn't going to be happy when he finds out Cuyan and the kid aren't were he thinks
they are. Him and Paz are about to have a real fun time next chapter.

Also, to everyone who ended up leaving a comment on last chapter: I am
OVERWHELMED by your support. If I could I'd give each of you a gentle smooch on
the forehead. Your comments keep me writing, they mean so so much to me. Thank you.
Even if I don't end up getting to your comment (there's usually a lot and I can't get to
every one!) Know that I still read and deeply appreciated your words. It means so much
for folks to share my joy in this fic. Thank you <3

See you next Saturday!



Chapter 25: Part Twenty-five: The Ambush
Chapter Summary

Before Din could deflate in relief the wolf man huffed a laugh under his breath, causing
Din's eyes to shoot back towards him.

"What?" He asked sharply, and the wolf-man smirked.

"It crashed." The Black Sun member spoke, voice sinister. "My buddy was still in there
when she took off. He must have done something because the speeder crashed lower in
the sector.” He sneered, white canines colored red with blood. “They found his body on
a walkway a couple levels down and the wreck somewhere in the market area. Your
friends? They're both dead, pal."

Chapter Notes

Warnings for this chapter:

Descriptive violence, fair amount of death mention, mentions of gore, passing mention
of child trafficking (no trafficking takes place), graphic description of injury, just overall
a fairly violent chapter as the result of two Mandos raining hell on some kidnappers.

In addition this chapter is the longest one I've written, clocking in at 7.7k words. So if
you have a drink or a snack, I recommend it while you're reading.

 

Also I'm so sorry

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The windstorm that had engulfed the upper altitudes of Coruscant had begun to waft
downwards towards the lower levels and into the Black Sun Sector. Din could feel the breeze
ripple the cape across his back as he lay flat on a rooftop overlooking the darkened side street
where he had located the Black Sun hideout to be. Night had engulfed the sector as he and
Paz had tracked prints back to the small outpost, the neon lights slowly flickering to life
amidst the darkness.

The three Black Sun members that lingered outside the awned doorway of the hideout
seemed not to notice the change in weather, the wind rolling in hot just as Din's anger seemed
to pulse under his skin. If Din strained his ears then he could hear the low promise of thunder



in the distance, obstructed by the hum of air traffic. With it came the promise of a storm, one
that would shower the upper levels of Coruscant but rain hell down on the Black Sun hideout
Din and Paz were surveying.

"You're certain?" Paz spoke, and Din briefly glanced at the warrior next to him, who too was
laid flat against the durasteel surface of the abandoned apartment exterior. The neon lights
from the walkways above cast dimly against the heavy infantry’s helmet with bright colors.
Din gave the other Mando a single, purposeful nod.

"The tracks I picked up where her and the kid's leave off lead to here." Din returned, careful
to keep his voice low. They were high up enough for the guards not to notice their forms
hunched over the edge, looking down into the side street. Yet Din remained quiet all the
same, a habit born from years of experience as a bounty hunter.

"One of them, at least." Paz noted, and Din didn't respond, raising a gloved hand to the side
of his helmet, zooming in on one of the guards. The Duros Black Sun member was seated on
a crate just outside the entrance, chatting casually with the two other guards while idly
twisting a vibroblade in his hand. With no response from his Vod Paz continued: "You said
the other set of tracks stopped where we saw the speeders."

Din didn't miss the insinuation that Paz left unspoken, yet it lingered all the same. That
perhaps you and the kid weren't in the hideout at all, that you had been taken somewhere else.
Din knew he shouldn't get his hopes up that you were in there, but his mind continued to
offer images of your and the child's terrified but relieved faces when he and Paz got inside
and dealt with the ge'hutuun that had taken you both. The feeling of your form in his arms the
night before haunted him, and in that fantasy of rescue Din imagined the weight of you in his
hold once more, safe.

"Even if they aren't there." He eventually returned to Paz, turning on his side to face the
warrior. "One of these scumbags will have a lead we can go off of."

Again, Paz nodded, this time his head bobbing in thought as he weighed Din's words.

"Good." He conceded at last, angling himself once more to gaze at the trio of criminals seated
outside the outpost. "How many inside?"

Din pushed another button in the side of his helmet, night vision flickering to the
kaleidoscopic colors of infrared. Flicking his gaze past the entrance, Din squinted in an
attempt to see the other figures waiting inside the hideout.

"Three more in the main area." He reported softly to his Vod next to him. "More in the back, I
can't tell. Wait-" Din stopped abruptly, zooming in on a figure different from the too bright or
cool colors of the aliens inside the hideout. There, a figure tucked up in a side room, huddled
tightly in a corner. Waiting.

"It's her." His mind whispered.

"I may have something." Din spoke, voice softening a fraction. "On the left-hand side of the
main area. Be careful to check your fire when we come in."



"Is it your partner? Or the baby?" Paz asked, and Din gave a small shake of his head, unsure.

"Hard to tell. The kid isn't in the main area, but he might be in the back where I can't see."

As much as he shouldn't have let himself, Din could feel his heart rise into his throat. If it was
you, if it was your form huddled in the corner, then-

The thought of what the scum could have done to you remained unspoken between the two
warriors, but inside Din's thought images of your bruised and beaten form made his skin run
hot under his flight suit, making his hand tighten against his helmet. His anger from earlier
had not entirely dissipated, remaining dulled by his hunter’s instincts as he tracked you, but
now it reared back into full force. The fact that you and the kid had been taken by itself was
enough to charge his bloodlust with lightning fire, but the idea that they had hurt you, had so
much as touched you-

"Let's go." He spoke, turning to slide down the angled roof. He had to get in there. Even if the
kid wasn’t there, even if they had separated you both, at least he could get one of you, could
make sure those lowlifes never touched you again, or anyone for that matter. He would break
their hands before they ever got the chance, kill them if he had to. He had to go, had to get in
there-

"Vod." Paz spoke, one hand descending on Din's pauldron to halt his movements. It was
careful this time, not heavy handed in the way he had attempted before outside the covert that
had led to the duel. Instead, it was gentle, yet Paz's voice remained firm in reminder.

"Discreet." Was all the older warrior spoke, the single word conveying sentences of meaning.

Din paused, hearing Paz's warning and letting it sink past the panic and ire building in his
veins. He forced himself to breathe, to feel the air tickle his face inside his helmet. The hot
flush of fury in his veins remained present, but Din could feel it cool, hardened into that
battle worn focus he wore during his hunts. That same concentration he felt on Rishi, on
Hypori and beyond even then, to the days before you, weighed down on him like a second set
of armor.

"Discreet." He agreed, letting the cold calculation of a hunter overtake the flush of fear that
his mind summoned at the thought of you inside and subject to whatever treatments the Black
Sun had decided to inflict on you.

Paz gave his pauldron a pat, and Din frowned not in determination or fury, but mild
annoyance at the vaguely condescending gesture.

"The first three come quietly." Paz spoke, and even though Din agreed with the instruction he
could feel a prickle of irritation at Paz issuing orders. "I'll drop down and take one, you flank
the other two."

Din nodded, skidding down the rooftop to circle around like Paz had suggested. Or at least he
hoped he had suggested, instead of barking orders at him like some young verd'ika. That was
a matter for later.



Instead, Din's feet hit the street, form hunched low to stay in the shadows. There were very
few passersby in this sector, and even fewer in the cold silence of night, but Din felt his
experience creeping up into his bones and taking hold. It allowed him to ease into the
darkness, careful to skirt around the corner and into the alleyway.

The years of his Mandalorian training clung to him like a second skin, as close to his flesh as
the beskar itself. Within it boiled a silent fury, an undeniable anger at the crime that had taken
place, one he could have prevented if he hadn’t left your side. If you were truly in the
hideout, if it was you in there, then he would slaughter every criminal in his path to get to
you and hold you tight once more.

Above the incoming thunderstorm rumbled threateningly, dark clouds roiling like ink across
the night sky and blocking out the artificial haze of the Coruscanti underworld that reflected
off Din’s cuirass. What little light remained seemed to dance off his form like smoke,
wavering along with his heartbeat thudding in a steady rhythm between his ribs.

Up above he could see Paz's helmet peeking from over the rooftop, then vanish again back
into the shadows. Din needn’t give the other Mando a signal, knowing fully well that the
warrior would be ready the second Din decided to strike. Obscuring himself from the soft
flickering glow of a streetlight, Din crept up to his hiding place behind a stack of empty
crates, watching the three guards continue to talk in soft voices. One of the three raised a
hand, looking to the heavens as if he could gauge exactly when the storm would break. None
had an inkling as to the predator that lurked behind them.

Din waited, letting his breath even out despite the itch in his palms, the desire to feel the
crack of bone under his grasp at the ones who had taken you, had hurt you.

And as he did, the rain began to fall.

In a single breath Din launched his whipcord, watching as the weighted end wrapped itself
around the arm of one of the guards. Feeling the weight of his target pull it taut on the other
end, Din drew himself backwards, using all his strength to pull. His victim didn't have a
moment to yelp before Din was yanking him backwards into the shadows, his form sliding on
the smooth surface of the slickening street. The other two guards stood, eyes widening as the
hunter’s blade descended before the man could scream for help.

In the moment it took the other two to react, a large figure dropped down behind the Duros
seated on the crate. The alien turned at the sound, wrist holding the vibroblade slackening in
surprise. The white-hot fire of Paz’s jetpack flames flickered off the weapon. Just as the alien
opened his mouth to call for help, Paz wrapped a hand around the alien's face, bracing them
both before launching himself skyward once more with the red flare of his jetpack. The
muffled scream of the Duros followed him, note rising high in surprise and fear. The rockets
blazed briefly, but before they could reach a fever pitch Paz had vanished into the rooftops
above.

Din was stalking forward before Paz had even descended, eyes never leaving the third guard
who reached for his rifle propped against the doorway, wheeling to try and face the phantoms
that had taken his associates. He never got the chance. As he turned Din could see the flicker
of panic in his eyes. Yet the hunter barely regarded it, instead burying his blade deep into the



man's back. The knife drove up under the Black Sun member’s ribs, and the man let out a
choked sound as Din twisted.

Whatever sound the man tried to make was muffled by Din's glove. Din could feel the
criminal slump against him, and knew that if the scum wasn't dead already, that he would be
soon. He let the body go slack, drawing back his blade and lowering the man against the
pavement with hardly a sound.

The laughter from inside died with the brief commotion Din and Paz had caused. Din felt
himself tense, then roll and duck behind the crate as a chair scraped against the floor and a
gang member ventured towards the open doorway.

The moment he stepped outside Din heard the sound of a jetpack, looking up as Paz came
crashing down once more. The warrior’s large figure descended rapidly, Paz using his broad
frame and weight to crush the man under his foot, slamming his head down against the
concrete and keeping him there as he fired a single shot into his spine.

Then he looked at Din, offering a single nod. Din rose to join him, blaster drawn as both
Mandos stalked into the hideout.

Din felt the remaining criminals before he saw them, a blaster bolt dinging off of his armor as
he and Paz swept inside. Din fired back past the red blaze of blaster fire, hearing one yelp as
his aim hit his mark. Yet even despite one down the rain of red plasma continued, obscuring
his vision and forcing him to duck behind a closed doorway. Din peered carefully out from
behind the door frame, noting the double barrel blaster favored by most Black Sun members.
The weapon allowed five men to feel like ten, with the blaster bolts scorching the other side
of the wall he had ducked behind.

It was chaos now, with several of the gangsters yelling and trying to be heard above the
blaster fire that deflected off of the metal walls of the hideout. Din could hear answering calls
from further down a hallway, evidence that there were indeed more gangsters than he had
originally hoped. Yet they remained pinned. At this close range Beskar could only protect
them so much, with an errant or poorly aimed blaster bolt ripping through flesh not covered
by armor.

Paz remained across from him, trying to tuck as much of himself against the wall as possible.
Din noted that the heavy infantry Mandalorian hadn't yet drawn his cannon blaster, likely
remembering Din's warning about discrepant fire possibly wounding those they were there to
rescue. Paz seemed to notice Din's gaze despite the raining bolts, nodding as if Din had
somehow communicated something to him.

Before Din could mentally question whatever Paz had seen in his glance, the warrior stepped
forward. With a precise roll of his wrist that, if Din listened above the blaster fire, he could
hear a low whine of activation. In the moment that several bolts pinged off his chest plate the
warrior braced, lifted his arm-

And let flames erupt from his gauntlet.



Din blinked, the orange haze of heat casting shadows brightly on his helmet. Even with his
armor on he could feel the bite from the scorching eruption heating his beskar. Yet it wasn't
flames like Din's own vambraces, instead the heat that poured forth from Paz's own bracer
was that of plasma.

The glowing, orange arc reached over the inner threshold of the hideout, extending to the
table where the thugs had been seated. The sound was catastrophic, erupting like magma in a
volcanic explosion on the planet Mustafar. Over the roar Din could hear frantic screams
rising in pitch as the lava shot forward, hitting its intended marks and scorching the furniture
nearby.

"So much for discreet." Din thought to himself with a tight frown. “Showoff.”

It lasted all of a heartbeat, and the second that Paz switched the weapon off the magma fell to
the ground, catching on the furniture and floor. It sizzled upon contact, the color fading from
an almost sickening orange to black as Din watched.

Din's body moved automatically, firing two shots at the Black Sun members who were
already screaming in pain at molten flesh and burning clothing. Their screams silenced
quickly, bodies hitting the floor with a 'thud' that spoke of finality. Din almost considered it a
mercy upon seeing the gore of melted skin and burnt clothing fused with their flesh.

Yet it wasn't over. Din could hear yelling in the back rooms as the remaining (and likely
sleeping) Black Sun members were startled into action. He braced, readying his own
vambraces and raising his blaster to train on the doorway leading further into the Black Sun
outpost. Yet a gesture from Paz stopped him.

"I'll take care of this." Paz barked, nodding to the hallway leading off further into the hideout.
"Go find your partner."

Din nodded, eyes already scanning the room past the collapsed forms of the gang members,
past the still smoking molten furniture. As Paz continued into the hallway, his heavy
footsteps soon followed by a rapid series of shots and returning fire, Din walked further into
a side room, eyes searching desperately for the form he knew to be yours.

You had to be here. You had to. Paz would find the kid somewhere in the back room,
frightened but safe, and you would simply be restrained in a corner, otherwise untouched and
unharmed. That had to be the case, and if it were, it meant that Din could touch you both,
gloved fingers checking and skimming over your faces to remind himself that you were both
okay, that you were alive-

There.

He almost missed it at first, the shape huddled into the corner shielded under a torn blanket.
In the dimly lit room it looked like a heap of trash or some type of debris. Yet when Din's
eyes passed over it the figure underneath shuddered, the motion rippling against the fabric.

Din took two steps forward, immediately holstering his blaster and reaching a hand to tear the
blanket off of the person underneath.



And stopped dead in his tracks.

Where he was expecting to find your frightened but relieved gaze, eyes wide like the time he
had discovered you aboard his ship, he instead found something entirely different.

The eyes underneath were less frightened and more terrified, gazing up at Din in the darkness
and partially shielded by an arm lifted in defense. Past the hand that obstructed his view Din
could see the tell-tale, childlike roundness of an adolescent face, sweaty hair plastered against
a brow wrinkled with distress.

A child.

Yet not a young one. No, Din guessed that the boy was likely not even into his formative
years, only slightly older than Din himself had been when he was taken in by the
Mandalorians.

"Don't!" The kid cried, wincing as Din recoiled in surprise. "Wait, please!"

It was clear the poor boy was terrified, hands held out in an effort to protect himself from
what Din likely appeared to him as: an attacker. With his Mandalorian armor and intimidating
visored gaze, Din couldn’t exactly blame him. He even felt a pang of sorrow for the kid, in
some ways recognizing a flash of himself when he had been rescued by the covert as a child.

Yet he could feel his thoughts racing to understand, to process the presence of a child in a
location of such debauchery and filth. Had he been trafficked? If so, why wasn't he bound?
Why just him? The collection of various fabrics under the kid seemed to almost be a bed of
some sort, and the blanket draped over him meant that the kid was there of his own free will,
perhaps even looked after. The idea made Din’s mind short circuit, trying to reconcile what
little he could gather about the boy with what he knew of the Black Sun.

Still trying to understand, Din eased backwards, making it a point to move slowly so as to not
startle the boy. Then, still moving very gently, he extended his hands in a motion of peace.
Din lowered himself down, tucking one knee under him as he came to rest at the boy’s eye
level.

"Hey, it's okay." He reassured him, voice softening. "You're safe now."

Past the arm still lifted as the boy attempted to shield himself, Din could see a flicker of
doubt, then confusion. Din didn't fully understand either, yet even so he made a point of
keeping his hands up, showing his empty grasp free of weapons.

"What are you doing here?" Din asked, confusion and curiosity tinting his voice.

Slowly, the boy lowered his arms, gaze still fearful yet eyes flickering in confusion. His lips
parted once, twice before he finally summoned the words in a quivering voice.

"I...I'm a messenger." He spoke, but even in his voice Din could sense the unease, the
curiosity but fear at facing someone in a mask.



Din's thoughts flickered in recognition, some part of him summoning the memory of the
background you had divulged about yourself. You had mentioned your entanglement with a
gang on Kaddak when you were younger. An errand runner, you had said? A messenger, a
gopher for packages and information. Someone young, someone seemingly abandoned who
would go unnoticed on harsh streets filled with shady characters. Likely this boy was the
same, seizing a less than ideal opportunity in a simple bid to survive the harsh environment
of Coruscant’s underworld.

Din felt himself grimace at the thought, an odd weight settling in his stomach.

"You don't have to be afraid." He instead spoke, offering a hand in a silent gesture of aid.
“You can come with us, you can be safe.”

The boy eyed Din’s open palm, still keeping his own hands tight to his chest. Now that they
weren’t obstructing his face Din could properly see him. He was Twi’lek, Din realized, with
dark blue adult coloring fading in with blotchy splashes all over his face and lekku. He
couldn’t have been more than 14, but with the lack of proper food he appeared almost as
young as 12. The desire to bring the child back to the covert, to help him escape the Black
Sun outpost drew tight in Din’s chest.

For a moment it seemed like the boy would take Din’s hand, might reach out and let himself
be aided by the hunter.

and then as Din blinked, the kid vanished, springing from his hiding spot and leaping towards
the door.

"Wait!" Din called after him, but it was too late. He could hear the kid scramble to avoid the
still sizzling magma on the floor of the main room, skidding against the ground of the
entryway in his bid to escape. Even when Din raced to the entryway he could see the dimly
lit figure of the child racing down the side street, off into the night.

Din sighed, the breath rattling in the inside of his helmet. The bitter sting of regret filled his
mouth for all of a moment before the commotion of a fight in the back rooms brought him
back to reality.

He turned back to the inside of the hideout, passing the scorched main area to the hallway
Paz had vanished down. As he did the other Mando appeared, a section of his shoulder plate
still smoking with blaster fire.

"Did you find her?" He asked, nodding to the room the boy had come from.

"No.” Din replied, unable to hide the grimace of disappointment and frustration in his voice.
“It was a kid. The gang was using him as a messenger."

Paz tilted to look past Din, visored gaze roaming the hideout and finding it empty of the boy
Din had mentioned.

"You let him go?” He asked, voice low but incredulous. “That's going to cause problems for
us later. He could inform their reinforcements."



"I'd rather deal with whatever comes next than deal with the aftereffects of killing a kid" Din
snapped back, hackles raising.

"Didn't say I disagree." Paz remarked dryly, following Din and nodding towards the room he
had just come from. “I’d rather bring him back to the covert with us until this is all over.”

Din sighed in conjunction, closing his eyes once more in frustration. Opening them, he turned
to Paz once more.

“Did you find-?”

“No.” Came Paz’s immediate reply, and the disappointment seemed to sink even deeper in
Din’s chest.

So, you and the kid weren’t here after all. It was a dead end.

Din felt his jaw set in a hard grimace under his helmet. Even after finding your tracks and
following them, he still had no clue where you or the child were. He couldn’t stop the shake
in his arms, the way his fists clenched at his sides. Wherever you were, you both were surely
terrified and likely struggling to find a way back to him. The thought seemed to fracture
Din’s heart, breath stuttering as he held back the urge to tear off his helmet so he could
breathe, could compose himself.

“However…” Paz ventured, and Din wheeled on him instantly. “There is someone I think
you might want to meet.”

With that he pushed past Din, shouldering aside the Mando’s smaller form as he made his
way further down the hallway. There, Paz paused at a broken door, inclining his head inside.
As Din neared he could smell the burning after-taste of blaster smoke and scorched skin.

It seemed Paz had managed to contain the remaining Black Sun members before they had
even fully equipped themselves. Din tried not to count the number of bodies in the room,
noting some of the few there hadn’t even left their bunks. Yet in the middle of the scene Paz
had wreaked havoc upon, a single gang member sat braced against an overturned table,
raising his head as Din’s shadow fell over him.

A Shistavanen, Din noted. Known for their acute tracking abilities and wolf-like qualities.
This one was colored a dark grey, the blood oozing from his wounds caking against his fur as
dark as onyx. It was only the single ceiling light above that let the fluid tinge crimson at the
edges. Din wasn’t sure exactly what Paz had wrought upon the criminal, but it was enough to
tell that the Black Sun member would not be long for this world without help.

Yet that wasn’t what caught Din’s attention, nor was it the feral glint in the beast-man’s eyes
as Din towered over his collapsed form. No, Din let his gaze trace down from the alien’s
muzzle, past his gashed chest and to his feet.

The tracks. He realized. The ones he had traced back to the hideout from the moment he had
found them where yours stopped. They were the same.



This was the one who had taken you and the child.

The disappointment that had carved a hollow inside Din’s chest fell away like shattered glass,
only to be replaced by a bubbling anger as dark as the Shistavanen’s blood. It coiled in his
gut, building heat beneath his skin like magma.

Paz stood behind him, and as if sensing Din’s growing ire, turned his head to face away.

Din took a single step forward.

“What do you know?” He asked, voice dipping dangerously low and leaving no question as
to the threat there.

“I don’t know anything.” The gang member spat, lips curling back to reveal his sharp
canines.

“Try again.” Din returned, one hand reaching down to caress the handle of his blaster. The
alien only barked a broken laugh at him.

“Go to hell, Mandalorian.”

Din felt his rage boil over, breathing quickly becoming unsteady with fear and frustration. He
unholstered his blaster, keeping his finger off the trigger but feeling the whites of his
knuckles wrap the weapon tightly in his grasp.

Yet before he could raise the blaster to level between the thug’s eyes he felt his eyes drawn to
something in the corner of his vision. Almost like a whisper, Din turned his head to find the
source of the sudden distraction. It took him a moment, but Din’s eyes traced over a nearby
bunk, towards something partially obscured by a ragged blanket. He didn't know how he
spotted it, but suddenly Din’s gaze grew wide as he recognized the glint of a familiar object.

Ignoring Paz's curious stare, Din paced to the bunk, withdrawing the sleek, well maintained
handle of a blaster.

The blaster he had given you.

"Where did you get this?" Din growled, one hand tight against the handle of the blaster, the
other pointing his own weapon dead center against the skull of the Shistavanen. When the
wolf man didn't answer, remaining silent with only a grimace plastered across his face, Din
felt his jaw draw tight and hard as he gripped the blaster he had given you.

"Where." He tried again, and this time his voice dipped low, unmistakable with deadly intent.
"Did you get this?"

When the alien still refused to answer Din remained silent, perfectly still as he weighed his
options. Then, with practiced precision, he lowered his aim to the beast man's foot, firing off
a single shot that was deafened by the wolf-man's roar of pain. The sound was inhuman,
almost unlike anything Din had ever heard, more animal than man, curling up past the ceiling
into the stormy clouds of Coruscant’s skies.



"KARKING-!!" He yelped, raised hands instantly reaching down to cradle the injury and
forgetting the blaster trained on him. When the blaster clicked, recalibrating, his eyes shot up
to look at the Mandalorian standing over him. Din pointed his blaster at the other foot, yet he
didn’t fire. Instead, he kept his eyes locked on the Black Sun member, gaze heavy with intent.

"Fine!" The Shistavanen growled, one hand raising placatingly. In it Din could see a barely-
there tremble.

"I got it off some chic- she had a kid with her.” Din’s captive continued. “We saw her walk
into the sector with you, we thought we could ransom her or use her as bait."

"Where is she?" And even Paz turned his head at the tone in Din’s voice, dark and furious yet
restrained in a way that spoke of the dark temptation inside his thoughts to leave this man to
die a gruesome death.

"She got away!” He gasped, still clutching his foot. “Stole a speeder right out from under us,
took the kid with her."

At that Din felt his shoulders drop in relief, and it took a moment of composure for him to not
drop his weapon back to his side, his relieved breath rattling in the inside of his helmet.

You had gotten away. Both of you.

As concerned as he was for your safety, Din couldn’t help but feel the rigid steel of fear in his
bones collapse with solace at the fact that neither of you remained in Black Sun custody. His
nightmares at the pain the criminal syndicate could have done to you eased from haunting
specters into flickering shadows.

Yet more than that he was proud. He was so immensely proud of your drive, your ingenuity
and perseverance to survive and protect the child. Even if you were still lost to him the fact
that you had managed to escape on your own volition brought the Mando an immense pride
and satisfaction.

Before Din could deflate in relief the wolf man huffed a laugh under his breath, causing Din's
eyes to shoot back towards him.

"What?" He asked sharply, and the wolf-man smirked.

"It crashed." The Black Sun member spoke, voice sinister. "My buddy was still in there when
she took off. He must have done something because the speeder crashed lower in the sector.”
He sneered, white canines colored red with blood. “They found his body on a walkway a
couple levels down and the wreck somewhere in the market area. Your friends? They're both
dead, pal."

It took a moment for Din to process the words spoken to him, expression briefly clouding
with confusion. When he did understand, it felt as though he were the one falling, pushed off
the edge by an invisible hand and plunging down into oblivion. The icy cold wash of dread
froze the previous hot fire of anger in his veins, lips parting in silent shock at what he had just
heard.



No. That…that wasn’t right. There was no way you both had just…left like that. Your flames
were too bright to be extinguished that easily. Yet the possibility of it scared him in that
moment more than anything else, more than breaking his creed, more than the possibility of
becoming dar’manda.

“You’re wrong.” Din spoke, but his voice was choked, unsure.

The thug seemed to easily notice his captor’s distress, laughing until something wet bubbled
in his throat. He spluttered for a moment, voice choked with both laughter and blood.

Before the Black Sun member could speak, however, Din felt a presence grow behind him.

“Vod…” Paz spoke, voice soft and regretful. Din almost turned to him, eyes wide and
disbelieving under his helmet. Yet he didn’t, keeping his gaze locked on the criminal below
him.

“You’re wrong.” He spoke again, and even with his added conviction he could still hear the
tint of despair in his voice. “They’re alive.”

There was no way you both weren’t alive. With your white-knuckle grip on survival and the
child’s abilities, there wasn’t any scenario where you weren’t alive. Yet the shadow of doubt
lurked dark across his thoughts, whispering to him in sinister tongues he couldn’t decipher.

"It won't matter anyways,” The Shistavanen laughed, coughing. “You'll never get to see her
or the kid ever again even if they did survive. You'll be dead before then."

As if to punctuate his words, the thunder overhead rumbled dark and stormy against the night
sky. If Din had been paying attention, he would have noticed the odd mechanical grumble
that came with it, and would have felt the slightest tremor in the floor beneath his feet.

"What does that mean?" He asked instead, feeling Paz’s hand vanish from his pauldron. He
stepped forward again, shoving the barrel of his blaster closer to the Black Sun member’s
head. The Shistavanen only glared up at him, the fight slowly leaving his eyes as he began to
succumb to his wounds. Din could feel a well of emotions rise within him, overwhelmed
briefly by the grief, the anger, the confusion the criminal’s words had wrought upon him. He
spoke again, voice rising with each word.

"What do you know!?"

“Vod.” Paz greeted from behind him, and Din glanced over his shoulder at the heavy infantry
Mando. When he gave no indication he was listening to Paz’s words, however, the warrior
repeated himself, voice hinting urgently. “Djarin. We need to go.”

The wolf-man spluttered once more, one clawed hand raising to his throat. He grinned up at
the two men, teeth bared.

“You and your covert are going to die. Just like everyone else who…dares to challenge...the
Black Sun.”

He wheezed once, twice, then fell still, hand dropping limply to the floor next to him.



Din didn’t have any time to fully process the man’s death before Paz was taking advantage of
his shocked expression, hauling him backwards down the hallway he had come from.

“They’ve summoned reinforcements.” He barked over his shoulder as Din began to follow.
“We have what we came for. We need to leave.”

Din nodded numbly, mind still racing to understand what he had just heard about you, the
child, the covert, the speeder crash, all of the information the Shistavanen had supplied.

He didn’t have any time to fully consider it, however, as he and Paz burst out of the entrance
to the hideout and into the narrow side street outside.

As soon as they did Din could hear the rumble more clearly now, low but different than the
thunder overhead. The rain was pouring down now, soaking everything in its path and
streaming down the sides of the buildings on either side of them. Yet in between the tall
structures that enclosed the street Din could make out a shape slowly defining itself from
behind the sheet of rain and lit by the flickering glow of the single streetlamp.

He didn’t have much time to fully see the vehicle that was parked at the entrance to the street,
peering from behind his visor as the low rumbled began to rise in pitch, humming low and
rising as a muzzle flashed in the darkness.

Paz spoke, voice tinting sardonically a second before the whine of the turret reached a fever
pitch.

"I have a bad feeling about this."

The turret opened fire, and Din instantly flattened himself against the entrance to avoid the
hellfire of blaster bolts that rained down upon them both. The sound was deafening, each shot
hitting the slick durasteel walkway with an explosive metal thunk. That alone was indication
of the turret being more than just a plasma repeating blaster. No, the rounds in the weapon
were designed to explode on impact. One shot from such a cannon would be enough to down
even the most battle hardened Mando.

They couldn’t stay put like this, crammed against the inside of the entrance. The turret would
eventually roll forwards and tear both him and Paz to pieces. Yet the second they tried to
escape, tried to run the superior range on the weapon would shred them alive as well.

Din glanced behind him, into the warehouse, trying to remember if he had seen a back door
to the hideout. All the while he kept his bracers up, trying to avoid any shrapnel flying at his
helmet and visor.

Yet before he could formulate a battle plan he felt the solid grip of his Vod next to him. Din’s
gaze spun to face Paz, who too had one bracer up to avoid the worst of the flying bits of
metal from the canisters exploding on the street before them.

“Hold on!” He yelled over the turret fire, wrapping one hand tightly around Din’s smaller
frame and securing him fast to his chest. Din was too shocked to squirm away, the surprise of



Paz’s action making his brain go empty with a screeching halt. It wasn’t helped at all when
Paz took a step forward, crouching low and forcing Din to follow his motions.

The second Din put his hands down to try and remove Paz’s forearm wrapped around him the
ground jolted under his feet. Before Din could stop him, Paz’s jetpack roared and launched
them both upwards towards the rooftops. The world spun as the ground vanished under Din’s
feet, held aloft in the air only by Paz’s tight grip.

It seemed like they were going to make it, even if Paz’s hold on Din was as ungraceful as it
was uncomfortable. Yet Din could hear the turret stop, then whine as they ascended. Glancing
down, he saw the barrel of the weapon raise to aim at them, the whine of it charging again
rising in pitch.

“Look out!” Din grunted, jostling his shoulder into Paz. The motion threw the warrior off
balance for a moment, making him hover in flight as he tried to readjust his grip and keep
Din from falling.

That was all it took.

Din didn’t hear the weapon fire, but the impact it made against Paz’s beskar seemed loud
enough to rattle the core of the planet itself. All at once Paz was descending, knocked straight
backwards by the shell exploding against him. Din didn’t have time to take stock of the
shrapnel embedded in the arm closest to Paz’s chest plate because he too was falling, falling,
plummeting down to the street below as Paz’s jetpack failed without control.

Somehow, Din was able to angle them both so that their bodies didn’t collide catastrophically
with the metal walkway, shattering bones upon impact. Instead they landed into a debris pile
that managed to cushion their fall despite the bits of discarded metal and plastoid amongst the
softer trash.

The impact left Din gasping for air, lungs expanding dramatically in a bid for oxygen. The
world around him spun, and for a moment he couldn’t decipher which way was up or down.
Yet his body was already moving despite the rush of blood in his ears, the roar of pain in his
left arm at the slices of metal gouged past his flight suit. A glance back up the side street
proved that they were beyond the turret’s range. Yet Din knew it wouldn’t stay that way for
long.

Paz remained limp beside him, alive but barely conscious after the planet shattering impact of
the ballistic. Din could see the blue paint of the heavy infantry Mando’s armor chipped and
stained black with ammunition smoke. No doubt the warrior had at least a fractured rib,
possibly even something more serious. Paz himself seemed alive, unconscious and blacked
out from the impact but otherwise still breathing.

Din had to get them both out of here. Now.

Ignoring his own injuries, Din wrapped his gloves around Paz’s uninjured shoulder, dragging
him backwards off the trash heap and around the side street corner. It wouldn’t last long, but
the position allowed them safety from the encroaching turret and the Black Sun force that
followed.



“Vizsla.” Din heaved, chest still rising as he tried to catch his breath from the fall’s impact.
“Vizsla!”

It took a moment, but suddenly the other Mando came to with a gasp, body briefly spasming
in reflex. Paz groaned, helmet lolling to face his Vod.

“Dank ferrick.” He muttered, and Din tried to take the curse as a positive indicator as to the
man’s injuries. “That hurts like a karking skug hole.”

“Get up.” Din commanded, not bothering to humor Paz’s comments. He chose to instead lift
up the warrior’s shoulder in an effort to encourage him. “We can’t stay here.”

Yet Paz remained on the ground, still trying to gather his bearings. Din could hear the low
drone of the speeder that the turret was mounted on growing in volume as it slowly made its
way down the side street. Again, he tried to rouse the other Mandalorian, with little success.
Paz was still semi-limp against Din’s touch, trying and failing to orient himself to his
surroundings.

“I can’t.” He croaked, and Din could hear the moment he seemed to recognize the extent of
his injuries. Yet Din didn’t allow him a moment longer to recover, shoving insistently at him.

“Paz.” He tried again, daring to use the warrior’s first name. “We have to go. Now.”

“Go then.” Paz spoke, voice hoarse, and Din stopped.

“What are you-“

“Go.” Paz repeated, interrupting the younger Mando. He swallowed, helmet tilting to gaze at
the younger Mando.

“You have to warn the covert.” He warned. “You know what that weapon could do to our
people.”

Din did know. If that weapon was unleashed against the covert, the remaining warriors would
strive to overcome it, but many would be lost in the process. If they failed, the covert’s
children, the foundlings would come next.

“We can warn the covert.” Din gritted, trying once more to haul Paz upwards. “Get. Up.”

Yet even as Paz tried to assist, he remained nearly limp despite his effort. When it was clear
he couldn’t rise, the warrior found Din’s wrist and grasped onto it, hold lacking its usual
strength.

“Go, Din.” He spoke, voice tight with pain.

“I’m not leaving you.” Din snapped, muscles straining to lift the other Mando so maybe he
might carry him, hobble their way to safety-

“You will.” Paz returned, voice rising in urgency. “That’s an order.”



Din huffed, managing to get Paz to a knee with the larger Mando’s arm thrown across his
shoulder.

“I thought I told you-“ He spoke, voice straining with effort. “-that I don’t take orders from
you.”

Paz made no effort to assist his Vod, instead lowering his voice so Din could hear the words
he spoke clearly.

“You’ll take this one.”

Din stopped, muscles stiffening as he realized that Paz was being extremely serious. The hum
of the turret was drawing closer now, imminent in its arrival as the two men still knelt on the
street just around the corner.

“I’m not leaving you to die.” Din tried, not caring at the hint of despair in his voice becoming
apparent. Yet Paz merely scoffed.

“You think this is enough to kill me?” He asked, but his voice was tired, strained. “I may
need to take you a few rounds at sparring to remind you who you’re talking to.”

Din didn’t smile at Paz’s jovial tone, feeling a grimace tighten across his face.

He couldn’t leave him.

Yet if he did, they’d both die. You, the child, the covert would all be at risk from an enemy
Din couldn’t stop because his body would be laying on the cold, wet backstreets of the
Coruscant underworld.

But his Vod…

“Go.” Paz’s voice encouraged him, and this time the warrior’s voice was resigned, accepting.

Din hesitated once more. Yet after a moment he felt his chest seize with the undeniable
burden of the decision he was about to make.

He stood, letting Paz’s arm slide from his shoulders. The warrior seemed to almost breathe a
sigh of relief. Yet to Din it sounded like a wheeze of fear.

He reached down, forward to Paz’s kneeling figure, securing the other Mando’s hand to his
bracer and doing the same for him in traditional Mando fashion. Yet the motion itself made
Din’s face fall, made his chest seize in emotion. This man, this soldier he had grown
alongside, had challenged, and become rivals with, to leave him like this- to leave him to a
fate of dying alone at the hands of a lesser enemy. It wasn’t right. Yet there was nothing he
could do.

“K'oyacyi.” Din spoke, voice cracking as he emphasized the words in Mando’a. “Stay alive.”

“K'oyacyi.” Paz returned, squeezing Din’s bracer. Yet it lacked its original strength.



“Go. Warn the covert. Find your partner and your son.”

Din could feel his eyes grow hot but forced himself to let go, feeling Paz’s grip slide from his
bracer. Rising, he took several steps forward, turning one more time to glance at the warrior
who had led the covert’s children to safety, and had rescued the future of their clan. Paz
regarded him as he lay splayed on his side, the hand Din had just let go held to his beskar
chest plate.

With a choked swallow Din turned, forcing himself to look away and flee.

Chapter End Notes

Ok let me just start by saying that EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE FINE. Like it
won't, obviously, but it will be.

This chapter took an extra 4 days because, well, it's gigantic. I thought it would be a
quick little thing but...things happened, lol.

So now Cuyan and Grogu are lost in the Coruscant underworld with no clue how to get
back to Din or the covert, Din can't go find them because he has to go warn the covert
about an impending attack with a near-super weapon about to be unleashed upon them,
and Paz is...yeah. Fun times!

Did I mention that there's no update this Saturday because I'm out of town? No? Well
there's that too.

And before you ask, yes you are absolutely allowed to hate me after reading this. I'm not
sorry.

---

Follow me on Tumblr!



Chapter 26: Part Twenty-six: The Chase
Chapter Summary

The sound of cans cluttering down the alleyway startled you abruptly from your
thoughts. Instantly, your head jerked to the side, briefly making your vision spin from
the ache still present at the base of your skull. The backstreet was empty at first glance,
the only motion being the remnant breeze fluttering loose pieces of flimsy against the
ground. Still, you couldn't ignore the sudden prickle of awareness, the instinct that you
were being watched.

It took a moment to get the kid settled into his make-shift carrier, and even longer for
you to haul yourself once again to a stand despite your protesting limbs. As you did you
glanced one more back to the origin of the noise.

And watched as a broad, dark figure emerged from the shadows.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

You were lost.

You were horribly, dreadfully, irretrievably lost.

You had been wandering for most of the night, trying to stay away from the main roads to
avoid the police and Black Sun spotters, and yet trying your best to sneak through side streets
and alleyways to bypass any shady characters that might obstruct your path. It was no easy
feat, made all the more difficult by your injuries.

Your shoulder was busted. You didn't know how, exactly, but the pain when you attempted to
lift it burned through your muscles like scorching fire. There was an odd, uncomfortable
crick in your knee that kept you from traveling any faster than a power-walk, and even that
threatened to shoot a sharp ache through your hip and up your spine. The twinge in your
chest made it difficult to breathe at times, and when you lifted your shirt you could see a dark
bruise blossoming along the underside of one of your ribs. On top of everything else the dull,
ringing pain at the base of your skull made you dizzy and slightly lightheaded, sending a
throb through your temples up towards the crown of your head.

All in all, you felt like shit.

The kid seemed to be doing okay, having since calmed down from his crying fit after your
escape. Not that you blamed him, really. He was likely traumatized, afraid, confused, and
wanting nothing more than to be held in comfort. You were barely keeping it together
yourself, lost, hurt, fearful, and desperate to find the covert and the Mando there waiting for



you. The mere thought of being safe, of feeling Din's arms around you again threatened to
crack the sob in your throat.

At one point you were forced to stop your journey as a thunderstorm broke high above on the
upper levels, sending rain trickling down into the underworld and splattering against the
streets and rooftops. In some small semblance of grace, you had managed to find shelter for
you and the kid before the rain came pouring down like a torrent. In the hour or two it took
for the storm to subside you had tried to rest, to close your eyes and attempt to sleep. Yet
every time you had begun to drift off a noise had caught your attention, a clatter of trash that
could have been an attacker, a pursuer. That or the kid was whining, scared by the deep
rumble of thunder above.

The kid seemed to take note of your steely courage in the face of adversity, and you noticed
his attempts at being quiet, at being still so he didn't jostle you much as you walked. Yet he
was still a child, and like yourself when you were young he whimpered at shuddered at the
dark threatening boom of lightning far above you both. At some point he had drifted off,
tucked impossibly close to your chest in a bid for both warmth and comfort. It hurt your heart
to see him like that but gave you the determination needed to push onwards towards finding
your way home.

You had given up trying to sleep by the time the storm ended. Yet by that time you had found
a strip of fabric in the debris close to your hiding spot that you could fashion into a carrier of
sorts of the kid, slung over your good shoulder and allowing you to balance the kid on the hip
that didn't twinge when you walked.

Even with these small blessings though, you were nearing your limit. The storm had ended
hours ago, and at some point the foot traffic had picked up again in a sign of the morning
rush hour. The increase in passerby made keeping out of sight more difficult. With your lack
of sleep, and the adrenaline from your escape having long since worn off, you could quickly
feel yourself tiring.

You were exhausted, hungry, sore, and on top of that badly injured. More than anything, more
than the temptation of collapsing into sleep, you just wanted Din to miraculously find you, to
hold you and take you back to the Razorcrest, to let you collapse onto his bunk for a long
well-earned rest. The thought of being safe, fed, warm and protected once more made your
legs go limp with relief. Even that, the thought of simply making it back to Din with both you
and the kid in one piece made your heart ache with longing. You summoned what you could
of that thought to push you onwards, hopefully back towards where you hoped the Covert
would be.

It was all you could do to hold yourself together by the threadbare seams. You had to, you
had no choice. If you broke down now in desperation verging on hysteria, you wouldn't be
able to keep moving. Even if it felt terrible, you needed to cling onto that bit of hope that
you'd find your way back to the covert, or that Din would find you. Not only for yourself, but
for the kid as well.

So, you did exactly that, pacing yourself and walking ever further into the Coruscant
underworld. You knew you had fallen several levels whilst on the stolen speeder, so your plan
was to find a way back up towards the upper part of the sector. Even if you had been



transported far away, just being on the same level as the Covert would give you a huge
advantage in trying to find them, and Din.

At some point you could no longer ignore the sharp tug of hunger in your gut and knew that
the toddler in your care almost certainly felt it even worse. With his voracious appetite, going
so long without a meal was definitely taxing on him.

So, you had made your way back to the main road, being extremely careful to avoid anyone
who looked like they'd give you trouble. Even then you had waited in an alleyway for some
time, looking for the perfect moment to ease out into the flow of foot traffic unnoticed.

The kid at your side was whining now, hungry, and tired with the constant movement. You
gave him a half-hearted pat, knowing whatever comfort you could offer him was lackluster
compared to finding him something halfway decent to eat.

You didn't have any credits to buy anything from a street vendor. Resorting to pleading for a
portion would only arouse suspicion. By doing so you risked said vendor calling the cops on
you for soliciting. If that happened it meant ending up in police custody and the chance of
being separated from the kid. Not to mention the fact that the Black Sun may have very well
bought off members of the police force, in which case your grand escape would be useless.

With that in mind, you made a decision for your and the kid's survival.

Stealing wasn't an easy feat. It required perfect timing, confidence, and nerves of steel. You
had honed those skills over the course of a childhood, perfected them through trail of fire
with little room for mistake. A single misstep meant being chased down through the busy
market streets, sometimes as a moving target for a blaster barrel. You had the advantage of
being smaller then, quick on your feet and lean enough to squeeze through the narrow gaps
between stalls and alleyways. Now? Older, larger, and injured? You'd have to be extremely
careful, else it wouldn't just your life you'd be risking.

Whatever it was that the vendor you were about to pass was selling, it smelled absolutely
decadent. The scent of warm spices and cooking oil was so overwhelming that, for a moment,
you nearly forgot what you were there for. The kid seemed to smell it too, and he wiggled at
your side as he tried to get free of his carrier. A small pat of reassurance on his head and a
cautionary glance settled him once more.

Then, you turned your attention to the booth.

You had always been good at this. For some reason, the ability to tell exactly when the
vendor would turn their head or back just long enough for you to sneak something came
naturally to you. It was almost like a sixth sense, allowing you time your stealing swipe just
perfectly so as to not be noticed. If you did this right, the lady tending the market stall would
never even see your face.

You waited just short of the stall, leaned up against the wall beside casually as if stopping to
fix your boot. The motion made you wince, a sharp jap of pain racing from your knee to your
hip as you did so. Yet you didn't have to wait long, as the merchant overseeing the counter
where the food was on display turned to tend to her stove. In an instant you had grabbed as



many skewers could fit in one hand, feeling your blood pressure spike at the adrenaline of
taking what wasn't yours. Then, to the best of your ability, you bolted.

It took a solid ten steps for the vendor to notice, but by that point you were already around
the corner and tucked into an alleyway. You could feel your chest heave in a combination of
exhilaration and anxiety. Yet you kept calm as the vendor yelled down the street, raising her
voice to call out in frustration at the thief she couldn't see.

You kept your head down as you walked further into the alleyway, tucking the skewers into a
pocket of your pants out of the way. As much as your stomach growled at you, you couldn't
indulge just yet. You were too close to the stall, even if you were in the safety of the
alleyway.

Yet as the minutes passed and it became apparent that you were not being pursued, you took
one last look over your shoulder, and heaved a sigh of relief.

The kid was babbling at your side now, tiny hands reaching up from his carrier towards the
pocket you had stashed the food in. You reached down to take him into your good arm,
letting your back hit the cool metal of the wall behind you and sliding down to sit on the
ground beneath. The motion made all your limbs loosen, stress oozing from your aching
joints and tired muscles. You hadn't realized just how exhausted you were, and as you sat you
could feel your legs go limp now that you were finally able to rest.

The kid was already two steps ahead of you, reaching for and trying to dig into the pocket
where his meal ticket was stashed. With a weary smile you extracted the still slightly sticky
meat from your pocket, offering a skewer to the child first before trying any yourself. The kid
took it gratefully, chowing down with his tiny toddler mouth and letting forth a series of
satisfied grunts and babbles.

You yourself dug in too, letting the flavor of the meat pool over your tongue. It was still
slightly warm, sweet and a tad spicy. Whatever it had been seasoned with was just hot
enough to make you wish you had some water too to wash down the slight burn on your taste
buds. Yet you didn't find yourself minding, instead grateful at the weight that settled in your
stomach as you ate.

It was gone all too soon, with part of your share offered to the kid, who devoured it happily.
Yet it was enough to quell the rumble in your stomach, and that's all you could have asked
for.

Fed, sore, and exhausted, you could feel your body loosening in a semblance of relaxation.
You couldn't entirely relax, not with the knowledge that you two were still unsafe territory.
Yet you could feel your body protest at the thought of standing and moving on again, having
finally decided enough was enough and that you needed to rest. As anxious as you were, you
couldn't help but feel grateful for the break.

The kid had finished his meal, and now used the opportunity to stretch his tiny legs. You
watched as he scooted off your lap down to the ground, waddling about and inspecting your
surroundings. You kept a keen eye on him, making sure he didn't wander too far. After all, his
misadventures in exploring were what had gotten you into this situation in the first place.



You let your head fall back against the alleyway wall, a deep sigh passing your lips as you
took a moment to let it all sink in. Your thoughts wandered as you kept one eye on the kid
and another on the alleyway junction you were seated next to, making sure no strangers
crossed your path.

This was...familiar, you couldn't help but think. You had been here before, in this exact
scenario many times. On the run, not sure who to trust, living hand to mouth and only having
yourself to depend on. The streets of Kaddak were not kind in general, but they were
particularly vicious towards children. If you didn't have a way to earn a living, you had to
depend on the kindness of others to make sure you survived. That kindness was scarce on a
crime filled planet like Kaddak.

There were people who would take sympathy on you sometimes, giving you a fruit or piece
of bread when you needed it the most. They were the ones that always seem to appear when
you were in your worst moments, having not eaten for days or being weak with sickness. As
if some higher force beckoned them, their graciousness allowed you to teeter back from the
brink of hunger and illness each time it occurred. Their unexpected kindness always caught
you by surprise, giving you mercy from a wretched fate that awaited many of the kids you
had seen perish over the years.

Yet even then, it was up to you to find your own survival. Stealing, running, hiding, they
were all things that you had perfected to an art form when you were younger. The other kids
that found themselves in similar circumstances did the same, even at the cost of pushing their
peers into harm’s way to save themselves. You had been on the receiving end of that more
than once, a stretch from the reaching hand of an angry gangster or infuriated trader who they
had stolen from and pinned the blame on you.

So you had adapted, training yourself to be faster, smarter than even the oldest of your peers.
Soon you became known for being the one who could vanish into crowds, who could scale
rooftops and swipe a Jogan fruit right from under the nose of a market worker. Your speed,
agility, and ability to easily conceal your presence drastically increased your chances of
survival, but they didn’t ensure it.

When you finally had been noticed by the gang that controlled the city you were in, they had
found your tenacity and determination useful enough to recruit you. It wasn't a choice you
made yourself, it was one that had been made for you. To refuse meant starving in the streets,
being picked off by a bored and vicious mercenary, or even worse.

In was in the interest of your own survival that you had started running errands, belaying
messages on foot, and carrying packages with unknown contents to mysterious recipients.
You told yourself it wasn't permanent, and in the end it wasn't. The time you would have
spent scavenging you instead used to tinker, to watch the mechanics work on bikes and
communicators, to pick up skills you knew you could survive with.

The gang on Kaddak may have taken care of you, but they weren't your family. It was a
temporary arrangement for mutual benefit. You knew this even as a kid. They saw promise in
you, and you saw temporary safety in them. You could have belonged there, could have
settled for a life of crime and extortion, but that wasn't what you wanted. Even if you tried,
you weren't them.



So, when the chance came to separate yourself, to sweet-talk the gang leader, Graac, into
lending you some cash to find your own place and start your own business, you jumped
headfirst. For a while, you were happy. The work was hard, the hours long, but you were
content. You had your own place, could afford to buy your food rather than steal it, and there
was a deep satisfaction to seeing the fruits of your own labor unfold in front of you.

Yet even then, there was a part of you that was missing. In the quiet hours where you'd settle
in your kitchen with a drink, washing dishes or tinkering with a project to pass the time, the
house felt empty. The hum of the city would die as evening crept in, and you would sit by
yourself simply waiting for the next day to start only to awake alone once more. Despite
having everything you ever dreamed of, there was a loneliness you couldn't ignore, one that
settled into your bones and let a sad smile creep across your face.

It wasn't until a week of being aboard the Razorcrest on that forgotten moon where you three
had first laid low that you realized that empty part of you was gone. When you woke, it
wasn't to the cracked heat of your home planet or the silence of your small apartment above
your workshop. Instead, you could feel the warmth of a place lived in, one cared for by its
owner along with the presence of him and his charge. The void that you had felt in the place
where you lived had suddenly been filled with the presence of your two companions.

And slowly, over the weeks that had turned into months, you felt that now filled part of you
grow. Like a cup spilling over, your love for both Din and the kid had increased with each
passing day. Even with the Imperial bounty over your head, even being on the run from other
bounty hunters and encountering strange and dangerous circumstances, you felt that change
deep in your soul. It lay in the kid’s desire to be close to you, to reach up to your face with
tiny hands and babble happily at your smile. It lay in the quiet, subtle affirmations Din
offered on your work aboard the ship and the softer, more romantic moments in between.
That emptiness that had been inside you for so long overflowed with the joy of being with
two people you had grown to adore with all your heart.

At last, with them, you belonged.

And now, you would do whatever it took to see Din again and reunite the three of you once
more.

The sound of cans cluttering down the alleyway startled you abruptly from your thoughts.
Instantly, your head jerked to the side, briefly making your vision spin from the ache still
present at the base of your skull. The backstreet was empty at first glance, the only motion
being the remnant breeze fluttering loose pieces of flimsy against the ground. Still, you
couldn't ignore the sudden prickle of awareness, the instinct that you were being watched.

"Hey, kid." You muttered, gaining the attention of your small green friend. He turned to you
with a small 'awah?', and upon seeing the wary look on your face, toddled back towards you
with a small whine.

"I think it's time to get moving again, bud." You warned him, nervously glancing back to the
spot where you had heard the noises. The kid made a small whine once more, uneager to
climb back into the carrier you had fashioned for him. It took a moment to get him settled,



and even longer for you to haul yourself once again to a stand despite your protesting limbs.
As you did you glanced one more back to the origin of the noise.

And watched as a broad, dark figure emerged from the shadows.

You turned quickly on your heel, beginning to walk in the opposite direction. You tried to
keep your pace steady despite the shudder of fear that rippled through you. If you kept calm,
exuded confidence, perhaps the person would assume you were simply one of the many
vagrants in the sector and well enough leave you alone.

Yet you were tired, and despite your short rest you could feel the weight of exhaustion bear
down on your body. You thought that perhaps taking a break would re-energize you, but
instead it had signaled to you exactly how weak you were, deprived of sleep and any type of
medical treatment. It hurt to even walk, let along try and outpace a potential pursuer.

You thought at first that perhaps the person didn't notice you trudging along ahead of them, as
they seemed to hesitate behind you. Yet after a moment they regained themselves, and you
could hear the stranger begin to pace after you with slow, deliberate steps.

The light feeling that followed the instinct to flee, to run, buoyed you for a moment as you
tried to regain control over your quickly stuttering heartbeat. The kid had gone quiet now, as
if sensing your fear and keeping still so as not be noticed. You couldn’t help but glance down
at him, to meet his wide brown gaze with your own pupils blown wide with fright. Still, as a
flash of concern washed over his expression, you closed your eyes and tried once again to
focus.

They were just headed the same direction as you. One you hit another junction in the
backstreets you'd go one way, and they would go the other. Sleep deprivation and being on
your own with the kid for too long had made you paranoid. Not every shadow was the same
darkness as the Black Sun. Some things were just coincidences.

Yet tried as you may to tell yourself that, you couldn't shake the feeling of a pair of eyes
locked onto your back, boring holes into the nape of your neck. The idea that this was simply
someone passing you seemed to erode with each minute of their slow, deliberate foot falls
behind you.

As you turned a corner onto an empty side-street you prayed the person would go the other
direction and leave both you and the kid alone. However, after about twenty steps you heard
them pause at the junction, then resume their walk behind you. A sick, dark uncertainty
twisted your gut and made the strength momentarily ease from your grip on the sling holding
the toddler.

You were being followed.

It was undeniable at this point. Yet you didn't dare turn around to confront your pursuer. The
moment you did they might charge you, might come at you with a weapon or attempt to
attack you or steal the kid. No, the most important goal was to get away, to lose them and
hide somewhere until it was safe. You knew this ritual, having practiced it for years as a
child. Escape, survival; These were elements that you had claimed as your own years ago.



You used that thought to steady yourself, let it weigh in your lungs as you inhaled, then
exhaled deeply as you centered and regained your focus. They had made a mistake by trying
to tail you. Even injured, unarmed, and without allies, this was a test to your own strengths.
You knew this game, one of survival that you couldn't afford to lose.

So, as you passed another side street you ducked quickly into the shadows, hurrying your gait
to a limping trot to try and outpace the one chasing you. To their credit, they seemed to catch
one quickly, hurrying their own steps to try and catch up. Even then they were slow, and by
the time they reached the passage you had darted down you were beyond their sight.

You veered left at the next intersection, then cut a path past some garbage bags up a small
alleyway. All the while you grit your teeth, ignoring the sharp jabbing pain of your leg injury
racing up to your hip and leaving a crick in your step. Yet even as you tried to ignore it, the
pressure of pursuit wore down on the injury, making your senses alight with pain.

The person behind you, slow as they were, didn't let go of your trail easily. Almost as if they
could see your footprints, you could hear them round each corner and shuffle through piles of
debris to follow you.

You didn't know how they could do it, how they could pick up your scent so easily. It didn't
matter. It was clear now that you were the target they were after. What remained to be seen
was if they were Black Sun, Police, an Imperial agent, or just some wandering criminal who
saw you and the kid as an easy target. Either way the fright of being pursued or being chased
by an unknown predator, one who you couldn't lose despite the number of senseless turns and
winding movements you used to confuse them, heightened all your senses with terror.

Yet it was exactly those twisting paths that eventually confused you instead. These weren't
the streets of Kaddak that you had memorized by heart, the same ones that had sheltered you
in their shadows and hid you from danger. This was Coruscant, the endless city that never
sleeps. In trying more and more desperately to lose the person following you, you had
unwittingly woven a web for you yourself to be ensnared in.

So, when you round a corner, only to be met with a dead-end, you knew it was over.

The impregnable, towering durasteel wall loomed over you, casting you in its shadow void of
the flashing colorful lights of the neon walkways high above. For a moment you could help
but stare up into the endless void of the Coruscant underworld, as if falling upwards into the
luminous abyss.

Then you came crashing back down, pulled back by the gravity of the situation you found
yourself in. Now cornered, unarmed, injured, and out of options, you spun towards the
entrance of the dead-end you had entered. The footsteps echoed clearly beyond the faint din
of traffic above, heavy and intent on finding the place you had scurried to.

Thinking quickly, you knelt as much as you could to carefully help the kid out of his carrier.
The toddler looked up at you, his little green brow wrinkling in distress. You suspected your
face looked much the same, lips tight in concern and determination. Still, you tried to
summon a smile to reassure the kid.



"Listen." You spoke quickly, voice soft for only him to hear. "I'm going to get us both out of
this. But if something happens, if you see the chance, you run. Okay?" You didn’t miss the
crack of fear in your voice despite your attempt at speaking calmly, and watched as the light
of fear flashed across the kid’s eyes.

Again, the kid whined. Instead of running to hide, however, he simply clung to your shin with
tiny green claws, burrowing his face into your pants leg.

You felt your heart crack.

There wasn't any time to comfort him, however. Instead, you dug into your pocket for the
metal skewers of the food you had stolen, gripping them in between your knuckles in a
desperate attempt for a weapon. Then, you turned your attention to the mouth of the
alleyway, face hard and stance ready.

You didn't have to wait long.

The hulking shadow from earlier appeared. First, the stranger's hand braced on the corner of
the alleyway, slowly pulling the rest of his broad figure into view. In the darkness cast by the
shadow of the building behind you it was hard to make out anything other than his figure.
You could see his height, his wide shoulders, and a glance of his equipment. He easily
dwarfed you, a fact that made your blood run cold at the thought of trying to physically
overpower such an opponent.

Yet as he continued forward, you could sense something wasn't right.

His breathing was ragged, torn in his chest. The hand you had seen at first was now used to
prop himself against the wall of the alleyway, figure hunched as if he was trying to summon
oxygen into his rasping lungs. When he saw you his steps stuttered, feet briefly tripping over
each other in his attempt to reach you.

Your first thought was that the man was a drunk, or perhaps a vagrant who had fallen too
deep into the spice dens for his own good. Yet as your eyes grew accustomed to the darkness,
senses heightening with adrenaline, you could begin to make out other features.

Pauldrons adorned his shoulders, and as you looked closer you could see a chest plate, and
beyond that, armor. Yet the thing that made your eyes go wide and your jaw go slack wasn't
any of that.

It was the T-shaped visor, tinted dark as the void between stars and glinting with the neon
lights above.

You felt your stance ease. Not with relief, but shock and confusion. The man, no, the Mando
before you, wheezing and weak as he was, looked to you with a ragged breath rattling his
chest.

You blinked twice, still unable to process what you were seeing. Still, you took a single step
forward, arms gently raising up as if to help him as you offered a name.



"...Paz?"

The Mando looked up at you, silhouette hunched over with trembling legs. You could hear
him inhale, could hear the oxygen scrape the hard inside of his lungs.

"C-Cuyan." He spoke, the Mando'a name cracked with pain.

Then promptly collapsed in on himself, hand slipping from the wall as he fell onto the hard
concrete and crumpled into stillness.

Chapter End Notes

HA. You didn't really think I was going to kill Paz so easily, did you? No, of course not.
Paz is now exactly where he needs to be in this story, though he is in pretty bad shape.
😬

We are now well into the thick of things here, and it is only going to get better. 

No update next weekend, I will once again be traveling for a much needed vacation.
Stay safe and get vaccinated everyone!

---

Follow me on Tumblr!



Chapter 27: Part Twenty-Seven: An Ally
Chapter Summary

Somehow, you struggled to your feet, standing over Paz so that you blocked him with
your body. Though you didn’t truly have anything to defend yourself or him with, and
on top of that struggled to even remain standing as a result of your battered and bruised
limbs, you braced yourself, nonetheless. Eyes blazing, drawing yourself up to your full
height, hands held in front of you, you directed your attention to the alleyway entrance,
ready for a fight.

Yet it never came. The footsteps you heard only moment ago crept closer, slowing and
placing themselves delicately against the pavement so as to not attract attention. With
every heartbeat you could hear boots slide against the slick concrete, dust and grime
crunching under them as they drew closer still. With your focus held rapt by the pursuer,
you could hear every shuffle and step as they slowly sidled up to the corner.

There, they peeked around the corner, and upon seeing your hostile stance and
malevolent stare, quickly ducked back out of sight.

“Who are you?!” You barked, voice hoarse. “Come out!”

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Oh stars."

The words whispered past your lips, intended as a gasp of fear, and now coming as a sigh of
relief and bewilderment. The man who you were so afraid had tracked you and the child to
take you as Black Sun hostages, to attack you, or even worse, had ended up being an ally. Yet
your relief was short lived, as the Mandalorian before you collapsed and curled in on himself
due to the weight of his injuries. Even steps away the acrid, sour smell of blood flooded
through your nostrils.

Paz lay face down in the alleyway at your feet, one gloved hand still clutched to his side as he
remained crumpled and still. You could see a section of his chest plate scorched black by
some type of ammunition, more than likely cracking a rib and causing him great pain.
Underneath, his flight suit was stained a blotchy wet red in sections, shrapnel embedded in
his right shoulder. Yet despite his wounds you could hear him wheeze a heavy breath under
his helmet, an indication that he was alive, if only just barely.

Yet your mind was focused less on his state of injury and more on one overshadowing
question.



What had happened?

A thousand possibilities raced through your thoughts, each as terrifying as the last. The
Covert had been attacked while you were gone, Paz was one of the few survivors. Or
somehow, he had followed you into the lower levels but had been caught by the Black Sun.
Maybe he was patrolling and was ambushed, cornered, and forced to leave his patrol group
behind. Each scenario ended with him dying at your feet, unable to care for himself due to his
grievous wounds.

That only left one question.

Where was Din?

Was he not far behind? Searching for Paz just as he was searching for you and the child? Or
perhaps he too had been injured and was forced to hide in the lower levels like his comrade.
Maybe he had been forced to retreat to the covert and abandon his mission of searching for
you both.

Or, in the worst case...

You shook your head, damp hair flying in your face. The motion alone made your vision
spin, your earlier head injury dizzying your sight. Now wasn't the time to panic. You couldn't.
Paz was gravely injured and you needed to help.

You took several rushed steps forward, falling to your knees in front of Paz and stifling a
shiver of pain that the motion brought forth to your own injuries. Your crooked knee seized
for a moment before settling once more, aching muscles jostled by you rushing towards the
Mandalorian.

"Paz." You spoke, voice suddenly hoarse with fear. You reached out your hands hesitantly
before splaying your fingers over his armor, pushing him just enough for him to roll over
onto his back. Yet that didn't stir him, the hand that had clutched his side now falling limp
next to him.

You felt a cold ball of fear settle in your stomach, swallowing reflexively as your eyes
flickered to his limp arm. Yet again, you tried to rouse the warrior, shaking him by his chest
plate.

As you did that the sound of distant debris clutter greeted your ears, and your head whipped
towards the noise, trying to peer around the dark of the alleyway entrance.

You weren’t alone.

"Paz!" You tried again, turning back to the Mando with your voice becoming desperate. "Paz,
please, wake up!"

Yet the Mando remained still, and as you bent your head to listen to the heartbeat echoing
past his armor you could hear his breath strained in his chest, choked like a broken exhaust
pipe.



You sat up abruptly, hands shaking now. His injuries were clearly worse than you had
thought. What you assumed were exterior wounds penetrated deeper. Something had broken
inside him, and you had no way to tell, no way to stem the pain or the blood.

You could hear footsteps now, and you turned once more, where a shadow fell against the
grime-streaked wall, leaning towards you and the fallen Mando you knelt beside.

“Who’s there!?” You called, hating the way your voice wavered in fear. You straightened,
trying to peer through the shadows at the silhouette of the figure who crept closer to your
hiding place. With your hands bracing yourself delicately on Paz’s chest, you arched to look
at whatever potential assailant lurked in the darkness.

He had been followed, you realized belatedly. By whom, you did not know. Yet something,
someone had pursued him through the dark streets to where he had fallen here beside you.
The possibilities of this realization made your muscles go taut with fear, eyes wide and body
bracing for an incoming attack.

Somehow, you struggled to your feet, standing over Paz so that you blocked him with your
body. Though you didn’t truly have anything to defend yourself or him with, and on top of
that struggled to even remain standing as a result of your battered and bruised limbs, you
braced yourself, nonetheless. Eyes blazing, drawing yourself up to your full height, hands
held in front of you, you directed your attention to the alleyway entrance, ready for a fight.

Yet it never came. The footsteps you heard only moment ago crept closer, slowing and
placing themselves delicately against the pavement so as to not attract attention. With every
heartbeat you could hear boots slide against the slick concrete, dust and grime crunching
under them as they drew closer still. With your focus held rapt by the pursuer, you could hear
every shuffle and step as they slowly sidled up to the corner.

There, they peeked around the corner, and upon seeing your hostile stance and malevolent
stare, quickly ducked back out of sight. There they remained, pausing there as they tried to
consider their options. You only received a glimpse of their face, eyes flashing in the
darkness for the briefest of moments. They vanished just as quickly, and had you blinked you
would have never seen them at all. You could feel your shoulders tremble, both from the
stress of potential confrontation and strain on your fatigued, sleep deprived body.

“Who are you?!” You barked, voice hoarse. “Come out!”

The person didn’t respond, shadowing themselves in the dark of the alleyway out of sight.
You half expected them to respond, or even call out back to you. Yet instead they did neither,
and all at once you heard them bolt from their hiding place, steps fading. After moment of
surprise, you bolted after them, skidding to a stop in front of the alleyway entrance and
narrowly avoiding a pile of trash debris. There you saw the figure race out of sight, ducking
around a corner and out of your line of sight.

The air in your lungs released with a loud whoosh, straining the injury there cracked against
your ribs but loosening your shoulders in the act.



Whoever they were, you had no doubt that they’d be back, likely with whoever they were
running back to. What that meant for you, you could only begin to guess. It wouldn’t be
pleasant, which meant you had to get out of here as soon as possible, with Paz and the child
in tow.

You turned your gaze back to the Mando, only to find that his chest was rising shallowly, his
breath stuck somewhere in his chest and clogged with a damp, wet sound. Instantly you felt
the fear in your blood spike once more, eyes wide and veins freezing with the icy grip of
terror. In a heartbeat you were back at Paz’s side, hands grasping the edges of his chest plate
in an effort to rouse him.

"Paz!" You gasped, trying once more to shake him, to no avail. Your voice was high in your
throat now, choked with terror at the idea that this man would die right in front of your eyes,
and that you'd be unable to prevent it.

You didn't know what to do, terror quickly engulfing your sense of logic with dark shadows
and making your desperate voice seem like the only one in the whole universe. Paz was
going to die, his final words the name Din had bestowed upon you. You didn't deserve them,
not when you had barely known him and had yet to learn anything about him.

It took you a moment, your own breath rising quickly into stuttering gasps of fear, but
eventually you managed to drag yourself back from full-fledged panic with clawing hands.

You had to do something, anything more than simply vainly trying to shake him awake as his
heartbeat dipped low in his chest. Even if you failed, the fact that you tried meant that
perhaps you'd be able to forgive yourself for not doing enough.

With your fingers now curled against his beskar cuirass, you forced the air in your throat to
even out, closed your eyes as you recentered yourself.

First things first. You had to get his armor off to survey the full damage of his external
injuries. Slowly, your fingers began searching along the sides of his chest plate for the
grooves leading towards the clasps. Sure enough, you found the buckles situated at his
shoulders, and quickly your shaking hands reached to undo them. From there you were
somehow able to shimmy the plating away from Paz's body and remove the pieces of his
armor atop his chest and stomach to reveal his flight suit.

There, you froze, breath catching as your eyes fell upon the wide dark stain that began at his
right shoulder and bled down towards his stomach.

There was so much blood.

Scarlet seeped past the pale fabric of Paz's flight suit, so dark it was nearly black in places.
Like a map it chartered a course from his shrapnel laden shoulder down past his sternum and
towards his ribs. A glance down at your hands proved that it was stained as well, and the
sight alone nearly overwhelmed you.

"By the stars." You heard yourself mutter, but even then it felt as if your voice was light years
away, muffled by the rapid staccato of your heartbeat.



Again, your thoughts strayed, teetering on the cliff of overwhelming panic at the thought that
Din too had suffered such injuries, or possibly even worse. Yet even so you managed to
swallow back the lump of fear in your throat, trying to focus even as your thoughts grew hazy
with frantic terror at the edges.

Your hands instead reached for the section of the flight suit torn by the shrapnel in Paz's
shoulder, and with a tough tug and a rip you exposed the flesh underneath. Past the mar of
blood you could make out silvery scars from battles past laced across a dark shoulder, taut
muscle now limp as Paz remained still. You could feel the wetness on your fingers as you
traced the wounds in the dim light, trying to remove what larger shards you could.

Yet as you did you could feel blood gush gently force once more, staining your hands a deep
red and catching on your clothes. Now feeling the mocking laughter of death whisper in your
ears, you desperately tried to stem the flow from the gashes in Paz's shoulder, still feeling the
blood ooze between your fingers. Paz's rattling breath under his helmet had ceased to a dull
shiver now, and despite the warm scarlet between your hands he felt oddly cool to the touch.

"No." You croaked, eyes wide and frantic. "No, no no no no please, Paz, wake up! Paz,
please, please-" You babbled, feeling your eyes grow hot with tears.

"Not like this." You thought desperately. "Please, not this."

You didn't notice the figure that had toddled to your side as soon as you collapsed to your
knees next to Paz. So focused were you on trying something, anything to help the Mando that
you failed to recognize the worried sounds of the child at witnessing your distress and Paz's
bruised and broken figure. Yet now that same small figure reached out, straining to reach
your hands pushing down on the blood flow against Paz's shoulder.

Your concentration was broken upon seeing the child rest his small, three clawed hand atop
yours, his hand too, coming away red. For a moment you tried to shoo him, not wanting him
to see such a horrid, gruesome scene. Except then you caught his gaze, breath pausing in your
throat as you saw the fear fade from his expression, eyes closing in a strange serenity as his
hand connected with yours.

The moment you felt his touch, it was as if the sound around you had been sucked into
silence, like the vacuum of space swallowing all noise and light. Time seemed to slow, and
the heartbeat beneath Paz's chest and the thrum of Coruscant evened out, drawing long and
deep against your senses. The air around you hummed with energy, and for a moment you
felt almost weightless, like you could float upwards into the sky far far above you three, body
cradled by the atmosphere and hovering in the clouds between the planet's artificial surface
and the void of space.

And somehow, the thrum of Paz's life beneath your fingers and the drum of Coruscant began
to synchronize, their sounds intertwining and singing a soft, winding tune against the dark
heavens and twinkling stars high above. You could feel your own heartbeat rushing in your
ears, but the sound was slow like ocean waves crashing against a gentle shore.

The fear that had gripped you so ferociously now faded with a distant sigh, falling away like
a veil lifted away from your face. In its place there was peace, harmony, a balance between



the terrible fate that beckoned Paz and the two hands that held him back from it's inevitable
grasp. You could feel that balance engulf you, could feel it tap into a part of yourself you
didn't know existed, strengthen the sinew of your muscles and the marrow in your bones.

It lay in the child too. If you were a bright beam, glowing from the essence that had washed
over you, then the child was a supernova, all-consuming and casting your own glow in
shadow compared to his radiance. There was a vibration in his presence that, if you focused
on it, threatened to drown you with its force.

And if you extended your senses, reached out, you could feel that essence channeled through
you, beginning in a low hum and climbing with each note, weaving a symphony of light and
energy that sang trough your veins and past your fingertips, down into the thick ooze of blood
that coated your palm. There it spread across Paz's skin, down into his chest where it wove an
impossible tapestry, threading together the brokenness into something whole once more.

How, you did not know. Yet you could feel it, could feel the stem of blood ease and shrink
backwards, the grooves of ripped flesh mend under the pads of your fingers. That energy that
had begun as a low hum, a breathy sigh now increased, notes rising as you strained to listen,
trying to understand the voiceless words spoken therein.

Yet before you could begin to comprehend, could feel the beautiful yet inexplicable harmony
that flowed from the child through you to Paz, it sang a final, high dazzling note before
fading into silence.

In the brief moment before the sound and weight of the Coruscant underworld came crashing
back into you, you swore you could hear an unknown but familiar name echo out against the
quiet.

It was gone before you could grasp it, fading like smoke through your touch.

Then, as if you had been dropped off the side of a building, the silence came to a deafening
end as sound and the gravity of your surroundings crashed back into your senses.

You fell backwards onto your rear as if you had been shocked, chest heaving with the breath
you didn't know you had been holding. Eyes wide, you looked first down at your hand, still
dyed red, then to Paz's form. There you could see the now steady, even rise of his chest, fed
by whatever energy you had just felt course through you. As your eyes lingered on him you
heard a broken groan, followed by a gentle stir of his head.

Your eyes then shot to the smaller figure next to him, slumped by his side with exhaustion.

The child's ears drooped low, head bent in fatigue as if he hadn't slept for days. You picked
yourself up, scooting quickly over to him just as he slumped forward, a small whine of
weariness echoing forth from his tiny form. You caught him as he did so, feeling the weight
of his tiny body sag into your lap.

A brief flash of fear ran through you, but as you turned the child over to examine him, you
could tell that he was uninjured. Instead, the child seemed to be simply at rest, dozing into



your arms as if he had tired himself playing. As if sensing your hold on him, he snuggled into
your arms, a small sound of sleep murmured into your ears.

You looked at him in wonder, lips parted in awe at what you had just experienced.

Never in your life had you seen or felt anything remotely similar to what had happened.

It was as if some power had been laying dormant within the child's tiny body all this time,
and with a single touch it had exploded into existence, weaving an energy through your body
and into Paz's, mending the things that were broken and strengthening the damage there.

You couldn't comprehend how such a massive power could manifest itself in a being so
small, so delicate and helpless. As if he could channel the radiance of the stars the child had
reached out and healed Paz, and in doing so had seemingly mended your injuries as well.
How, you could only begin to guess.

Your thoughts were interrupted by a stiff groan beside you, and you turned to see Paz stir, the
hand that had previously lain limp now raising itself to where the previous injury had been.
There, it groped for the pain that had been present until only moments ago. When it became
clear to him that his armor, and what was more, the source of his hurt was gone, he lifted his
head from the ground, and in the motion caught your wide-eyed gaze.

"Wha-" He started, voice still hoarse and uncomprehending. "You...Cuyan?"

You felt the breath you had been holding whoosh past your lips in a huge sigh of relief.

"Paz." You spoke, and your voice felt dry in your throat, cracked from the fear that had held it
so tight.

Paz continued to hold your gaze, and you were sure that beneath his visor he was struggling
to understand what had just happened, same as you.

"Did-" He began, but his voice too, was strained. He paused, swallowing before continuing.
"That...did you you...?"

You understood his question even if the words weren’t clear. So, you shook your head in
reply, feeling water flick away from your wet strands.

"No." You returned, still holding the child against your chest. You turned your gaze to him,
adjusted him ever so slightly so as to not disturb his slumber. "It...it was him."

Paz followed your gaze, and he too paused there, asking of himself the same questions that
had occurred to you. How did something so helpless manage to accomplish something so
grand, so mysterious and strange?

"The child?" He asked, and you nodded without breaking your gaze upon the toddler's dozing
face. "How?"

Again, you shook your head. "I...don't know." You confessed. "I've...never seen or felt
anything like it before."



You let your fingers trace the child's wrinkled forehead, touching the soft skin there and
soothing any would-be nightmares.

You had so many questions. Was this something that beings only in this child’s unknown
species was able to do? If he could accomplish such feats as a mere toddler, what else might
he be able to accomplish as he grew? How had he known to do such a thing despite his young
age?

…Who was he?

Yet eventually your previous thoughts resumed once more, and you turned again to Paz in
wide eyed fright.

"Din." You spoke, voice breathless and oddly hopeful. "Is he...?"

Paz regarded you for a moment, as if he were engaged in a one-sided conversation by
himself. With each passing moment you felt your chest seize, the clench of fear bubble up
your throat with an all-encompassing panic.

Finally, Paz seemed to come to a conclusion, leaning up and eventually bracing himself on an
elbow to better face you.

"We were separated." He spoke, and you watched him with an expression full of concern.
"We were searching for you and the child, and were ambushed by the Black Sun. I told him
to leave me behind, and he escaped."

You felt he air in your chest seize, a hesitant hope blooming there as you processed Paz's
words.

"So, he's...alive?" You asked, voice barely above a murmur, as if daring to speak the sentence
aloud would make it not come true.

Paz nodded.

Something broke inside of you then, and instead of a soft sigh it felt as if you had dropped
something delicate, listened to it shatter on the floor. The fear, the panic and terror that you
had held so close to your heart broke apart into pieces, making it fracture into a sob within
your throat. Before you could stop them, wet heavy tears grew in the corner of your eyes.
Without warning they spilled down your cheeks, streaking the dust that had collected there
from your journey in the underground. Several caught on your chin, dripping onto the child’s
clothes. When they did, coloring several wet droplets against his rough-hewn garments, you
curled around him as if doing so could protect him, and comfort yourself.

You tried to hold the tears back, embarrassed that you would lose your composure in front of
the battle hardened Mando. Yet the more you tried the more the sob cracked in your throat,
escaping as a weak sound against the hum of Coruscant. It was as if the stress, the fear, the
panic, and despair of your circumstances had finally shattered something inside of you,
breaking your will and momentarily manifesting as the sounds of your cries against a
dawning sky.



As ashamed as you were to break down in front of Paz, you couldn't help but feel an
overwhelming relief at this news and consequent turn of events.

Din was alive. You knew that now. He was alive, he was looking for you, he was determined
to find you. His brother already had, and now that he was here you three could finally orient
yourself and find a way back to the surface towards the covert once more. There you would
reunite you and the child with Din, feel his warm embrace one more, and hold him fast as
though all the power in the galaxy could never separate you again.

Paz sat silently to your side, and as you began to collect yourself again you glanced at him,
finding that he had averted his gaze awkwardly to allow you a little privacy. In the time it
took you to empty yourself of your cries he had gathered the chest plate you had taken,
fingers absently fastening it back onto his broad front.

"Sorry." You muttered at last, using the back of your hand to wipe your face. It was wet,
messy and thick with tears. For a moment you wished you could wash your grimy hands,
splash water onto your hot eyes and warm cheeks.

"No apologies needed." Was Paz's only answer, voice deeper now that he too had collected
himself in recovering from his injuries. You couldn’t help but feel a small, grateful smile tug
at the corner of your mouth, even though Paz refused to look at you just yet.

 

Wiping the remainder of your tears, you finally turned to face Paz properly. Then, he too sat
to face you, and for a moment you felt a ripple of discomfort that came with unfamiliarity
cross the space between you.

Just as you began to speak, Paz's voice interrupted you.

"The thug in the hideout." He spoke, voice rumbling in his chest. "He said you stole a
speeder, that it crashed somewhere in the lower levels."

You blinked, understanding the unspoken question in his words, the same as the one you had
for him. How did you get away?

"I managed to grab the controls but-" A warm blush crawled across your face. "I...don't know
how to pilot and it spun out of control. I managed to jump with the kid onto a walkway and
got pretty beat up in the process. I've been down here ever since, lost and trying to find a way
back."

Paz nodded, head tilting as he considered your words. In his next words you felt your eyes
flash to him, wide and startled.

"The man you were with, the one who kidnapped you, did you kill him?"

The question caught you off guard, shoulders hiking up in a flinch under Paz's heavy stare.
Yet soon you averted your gaze, grimacing at the memory.



You hadn't...truly meant to kill the man. The only person you had ever killed was the
Clawdite on Rishi, and that was in a moment of panicked self-defense and a desperate bid to
save Din's life.

Yet the image of the Pantoran's eyes, wide and flashing with a horrifying moment of
understanding, haunted the back of your thoughts. When you had kicked him, it was merely
to get him away from the controls. Yet instead he had careened over the side, back bowing as
he hit the edge of the speeder and arm still reaching out as he fell in the abyss.

You let your eyes close for a moment, hearing the man's cry fade into the deafening current of
traffic before opening them again to level your gaze at Paz.

"Yes."

Paz let his stare weigh on you, and you noticed that not for the first time, he seemed to be
weighing you in his thoughts, trying to come to conclusions based off your answers and the
way you carried yourself. To what ends you didn't know, but being the subject of his scrutiny
made you squirm a little under his gaze.

"Good." He concluded after a moment, and if you listened carefully you could almost hear a
modicum of respect in his voice.

"And you?" You questioned, to which Paz responded with a tired sigh under his helmet.

"I don't remember much." He replied, shifting so he sat and propped up his knee in front of
him to rest his arm, his other leg stretched out and opposite hand balancing his weight. You
could see him flex his hand, trying to regain the feeling there.

"Djarin left me beside a trash heap. In trying to escape I fell into it, and some of the debris
fell on me. It must have kept me hidden from the other Black Sun members, because when I
woke up they were gone. After that..." He waved a hand. "It becomes hard to remember. I
was trying to retrace my steps to the covert, but in doing so managed to get even further
down into the lower levels. I suspect the blood loss had something to do with my poor
judgement."

You listened with rapt attention, trying to focus on Paz's words and extract any detail you
could that might help you three back to the covert.

"I tried to hide once foot traffic picked up, knowing I'd be an easy target for any wandering
gang members. That's when I saw you, but I was too weak to call out." He went on, then let
his voice trail off.

You blinked at him, trying to understand what had distracted him, until-

"I apologize for scaring you." He spoke, and this time his voice was softer, regretful even.
The unexpected gentleness of it surprised you. "It must have been terrifying to be chased the
way I pursued you."

You felt your lip’s part in astonishment, but then summoned a small, bashful smile.



"No apologies needed." You returned, repeating the words he had offered you a few minutes
before. Paz huffed a laugh, and the lightness in your chest seemed to grow with the sound.

The feeling of relief swelled once more in your chest, and for a moment your previous fears
of not being able to reunite with Din, of failing to protect the child, and of not being able to
survive this turn of events yourself were forgotten. Your circumstances were still not ideal,
lost and within enemy territory.

But now? You had someone Din trusted, another Mandalorian to help make your path clear.
Now that Paz was no longer injured as a result of the child's mysterious powers, he could
help guide you three out of the underworld and back to the person who had grown to be your
home.

"What now?" You asked, feeling your chest lightened with the buoyant feeling of optimism.

Yet all at once you remembered the strange figure hovering at the edge of the alleyway, the
one who had vanished like smoke when you had noticed their presence. Whoever they were,
it was clear they had followed Paz, and that in the Mando’s distorted mind sickened by his
wounds that Paz hadn’t noticed them.

“Wait. There’s something you should know.” You spoke, the glint of hope in your eyes
dulling to a sharp focus, training in on the ‘T’ of Paz’s visor. Paz’s head turned towards once
more, averting his gaze from observing the dank corners of the alleyway.

You swallowed, the anxiety in your throat settling in your stomach before you continued.
“You were followed.”

Instantly Paz’s shoulders tightened, the hand splayed across his knee curling into a fist. Yet
he listened as you went on.

“Someone was tailing you. I…don’t know who it was, but I have a feeling they were with the
Black Sun.” For a moment you were distracted by a small slumbering murmur from the child
in your arms, and you held him a little tighter as you continued. “They ducked out of sight as
soon as they saw me, and when I tried to confront them, they ran.”

Paz hummed after a moment, the sound more akin to a growl than anything else.

“An informant.” He spoke, voicing your own suspicions. “They’ll be back, with more to
follow.”

Then, with a small grunt, the Mandalorian warrior rocked to his feet. He took a moment to
take stock of himself, observing the disappearance of his injuries and casting another,
lingering glance at the toddler asleep in your arms. As he silently considered your words his
fingers fidgeted with the clasps of his armor. From where you were seated Paz appeared as
giant as a Bantha, towering above you. You thought Mando was a little tall, but next to Paz
he seemed about as short as an Ewok. You had to tilt your head up to look at him.

Yet you didn’t feel scared. More than that, you felt an odd sense of comfort at being close to
someone who you had formed a sense of trust with, an ally who would prove capable in



helping you back home.

"There's going to be a lot of Black Sun members in between us and the Covert." Paz spoke,
voice low in warning. His eyes focused back on you. "Can you fight?"

You gave Paz a grim nod, holding the sleeping child in your arms with a delicacy contrasted
to your serious expression.

Paz let his gaze weigh heavy on you, the black of his visor reflecting the neon lights from
above. Then, he offered a hand to you to help you stand. You blinked at it for a moment, a
little surprised at the gesture before taking it. Paz hauled you to your feet, and with his next
words he spoke low, voice rumbling in his chest.

"Then we fight our way out."

Chapter End Notes

Hello my loves, it's been a while :'-)

Thank you all for sticking with this story despite my relatively inconsistent update
schedule. I took an unscheduled hiatus from this fic for a bit, but should be back on
board for at least the next few weeks.

Also, Paz is alive! I mean, I didn't really have any of you fooled, I think pretty much
everyone saw through my attempts at his death scene. But now he, Cuyan/You, and the
kid have some chances to bond over...y'know, fleeing for their lives and whatnot. Like I
said, everything will be fine. Mostly. I think.

If you're still enjoying this fic please leave a comment below! They help keep me
motivated in staying up to date with this story. Also, since I've gotten a few messages
about this, you don't need to ask my permission for fanart. Din, Paz, Grogu all belong to
Lucasfilm/Disney, and Cuyan can be drawn however you please. (That's not me begging
for fanart, Just posting a PSA since I got a few messages on Discord and then a few
more on Tumblr)

Speaking of Tumblr, follow me at Sprout-Fics! I'm doing another milestone celebration
and would love some asks regarding your fave SW characters!

See you next Saturday!



Chapter 28: Part Twenty-Eight: The Underground
Chapter Summary

"Do you trust me?" Paz asked, voice dipping low for you to hear. The sound was
practically a growl in his chest, demanding an answer as the enemies around you closed
in.

Time seemed to slow, each moment passing by in a sudden absence of the space around
you, narrowing in only on Paz’s t-shaped visor. Your heart fluttered in your chest, up
into your throat where it threatened to break look with a whimper of fear. You forced it
down, felt it sour in your stomach. Yet you looked up at Paz, seeing your own frightened
gaze reflected back at you, then hardened into an attempt at courage.

"Yes."

Chapter Notes

See end notes for special announcement

Warnings for being shot at, fear of heights, fear of falling, and mild claustrophobia

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Paz had been right.

The scout that had tailed him into the alleyway had indeed come back with company, and
now a torrent of gang members were raining hell down on you both. The sounds of blaster
fire seemed to make the ground beneath you tremble, sending shockwaves through your feet
and all the way down to the molten heart of Coruscant itself. You could barely hear yourself
think, let alone breath in the never-ending destruction that fell all around you.

It had all happened so quickly.

You and Paz had been trying to figure out exactly which level you were on, which may have
given you a clue as to how far you needed to ascend to get back to the Covert. In the maze of
the underworld, it was entirely possible to climb too far and ascend past the compound
without knowing it. Doing so would mean running the risk of exposing yourselves to the eyes
of the Coruscant authorities. Without papers or any type of identification, you, the child, and
Paz would find yourselves quickly out of options and possibly in the scrutiny of anyone with
ties to the Imperial Remnants. Yet any violence you perpetuated towards the police in trying



to free yourselves would not only garner more attention, it would also mean drawing prying
eyes back to the covert, making the other Mandalorians there a target. Which meant, despite
its dangers, the underground was safer than the surface.

Yet between the piles of debris, the graffitied walls, winding pathways, and blocked streets, it
had become increasingly difficult to navigate the underworld. It seemed every set of stairs
you climbed seemed to invert itself, leading you further, deeper into the intestines of the
ecumenopolis. The residents who had traveled the streets beside you aimlessly seemed to
evaporate like ghosts the farther you traveled, vanishing away into the shadows like mist.
There they watched you three pass by with weary gazes that had never seen the stars from the
endless depths of the planet. You wondered if some of them had ever seen the sun at all. You
could tell they were there, lurking, but every glance would make shapes dart out of the corner
of your eyes as if you were seeing things.

The child had continued to rest, exhausted by the great feat of healing both you and Paz.
Though neither of your injuries had been completely recovered, it had been enough to give
you both the strength to continue onwards in a chance to escape the shadows of the
underworld. You switched between carrying the child and tucking him against your chest in
the carrier, making sure he was soft and comfortable against you while he slumbered so that
you could focus on the path ahead.

So, you walked for what seemed like a full rotation, following behind Paz's broad back as he
marched forward relentlessly. As impressed as you were with his stamina, you had more than
once asked to take a moment to rest. He didn't speak much, offering only the bare minimum
of what needed to be said as he relented. Yet you noticed the way he did stand guard while
you caught your breath, resting your arms from carrying the child and switching the make-
shift carrier from one shoulder to the other. Despite the situation, you took great comfort in
knowing that you had an ally to keep watch while you collected yourself.

Yet one fact remained, and that was that Paz didn't trust you. He put his faith in you enough
to watch his back as you both continued onwards, and extended the same courtesy to you, but
made it a point not to make any more conversation than strictly necessary. In a way you
couldn’t really blame him. After all, to him you were a stranger, and worse than that, an
outsider. Your unfamiliarity with the ways of Mandalorians meant that Paz's confidence in
you only ran so far.

Yet there had been a moment, back when you both had crouched in the alleyway where he
had collapsed, where you could feel his eyes boring into you from under his visor, as if he
could somehow discern your nature based on appearances alone. Whatever he had found
there seemed to satisfy him enough to form a tenuous partnership with you, and for that you
were grateful.

There was so much you still wanted to know. You wanted to ask about the Covert, about
Mandalorian culture, about the pieces of your own Mando that you couldn't quite grasp due
to your lack of knowledge. You tried to push them down, reminding yourself that this wasn't
the time, but the queries weighed on you as you walked, your softer footsteps following
closely behind Paz's larger ones.



Yet just as Paz's gloved hand had traced the faded numbers of '1313' on a graffitied wall,
shouts and the sound of rapid footsteps had echoed down the street from the three of you. In a
blink you and Paz were sheltered behind a mountain of debris as what seemed like a dozen
Black Sun members converged to bombard your hiding place.

You held the kid tight in your arms, his still slumbering, pliant body soft against your chest. It
was all you could do to tuck yourself smaller around him, trying to shield him from what
seemed like an unending hail of blaster fire that rang forth from somewhere behind you. You
couldn't see where the shots were coming from, and even if you could, your blaster was long
gone, lost in the hands of one of the Black Sun members who had kidnapped you and the
child.

So, it was all you could do to sit tight and hold the kid fast in your embrace, head down as
Paz tried to return fire.

The Mando was trying to do all he could, but his munitions were limited, having abandoned
his semi-automatic cannon somewhere in the upper levels so he could travel faster. A blaster
pistol was all he had left aside from his vambraces, which seemed to be of little use in this
situation.

"We need to get out of here." Paz called to you over the cacophony. "If we stay, they'll circle
around and close in."

You nodded at him, trying to quell your rushing heartbeat and wild eyes. Despite your panic,
the instinct to survive held fast to your thoughts. Find an escape route. That you were good
at. You could manage that much.

"Go!" Paz barked at you, visor whipping to face you. "I'll be right behind you."

You sprang forth from your hiding spot like a bird in flight, legs unfolding under you and
allowing you to sprint forward beyond the range of the blaster fire. Like prey fleeing through
the woods, you zig zagged beyond the reach of the blaster shots, the bits of debris and grime
crunching under your feet with every heavy footfall. When you reached the end of the street
you skidded around a corner, sending one final glance back towards Paz, who had moved to
follow you, setting the debris pile aflame to cover his tracks.

You resumed your path, scanning your surroundings, looking for the path of least resistance
to continue forward. Like a long-forgotten dance, you felt your senses expanding, growing to
encompass the entire maze of broken streets and cluttered back roads before you. The
labyrinth was a deadly one, each turn a potential dead end that could have fatal consequences
if the Black Sun caught you there.

In your arms the child made a small sound, teetering on the edge of wakefulness and trying to
discern why you were hurling yourself forward, trying desperately to escape the danger he
couldn't see. You wished you could will him back to sleep so he wouldn’t wake up to the
scene of violence around him. All the while your eyes roamed frantically over the broken
streets and alleyways that could offer sanctuary, escape.



There. You would have missed it if your eyes hadn't landed exactly on it. A tunnel, one that
quickly vanished into darkness. If you and Paz hid within it you would be able to not only
lose the Black Sun behind you, but route yourselves to safety within the confines of its
shadows.

You bolted right, nearly tripping in your haste to reach the asylum. You used a hand to right
yourself, just barely avoiding crashing onto the rough cracked walkway. Then, somehow, you
were able to scoot yourself past the trash piles, weaving through and over the litter towards
the empty stretch of road ahead that led to safety.

A rapid series of blaster fire shots told you Paz was not far behind you, likely tracking your
movements via your footprints. You wanted to look behind you, to make sure he was close
by, but knew that your own task was to make sure that the way forward was clear. So, you
continued onwards, legs pumping under you and chest cramping in lack of oxygen.

Yet when you were about a dozen paces away from the tunnel the light illuminated the inside
just enough to see the wall just beyond the entrance, blocking the way.

Then you saw there was no floor.

With a yell of surprise, you skid to a stop just short of the shaft, dust spilling over the edge
and into the tunnel of darkness below you. You couldn't see the bottom save from a dim
orange haze that cast menacing shadows across your expression of despair. The breeze that
hit your face from below stank of rot, an organic waste long since forgotten by the rest of the
planet's inhabitants. A scant few lights flickered, casting hazy shadows down into a never-
ending metal abyss.

Down, deep into the maw of Coruscant.

You teetered away from the edge, nearly landing on your backside as you tried to quickly
back away from the depths. Yet it seemed like the void grabbed at you, trying to sink you
further, deeper into the planet. Even as you stumbled backwards you could still feel the too-
hot wind, smell the horrid stench that poured out from below. You had to find another path,
had to find another way to get away, even as the whisper of whatever lurked below the depths
beckoned to you with a sinister grasp, making it feel as if you dragged forward, downward,
falling endlessly-

Before it could, the world around you seemed to rock with the roar of an explosion behind
you, shattering whatever had tried to ensnare you. You whipped your head towards the sound,
hair flying as you looked with wild eyes. There, you watched as fire curled over the rooftops
of the shantytown like a supernova, the orange combustion spiraling upwards and dissipating.

"Cuyan!"

The shout echoed somewhere behind you, and you turned in full to see the shadow of Paz's
larger form stumbling through the trash in an attempt to reach you. Several shouts echoed
behind him, and you ducked as a red blaster bolt came whizzing over his pauldron. The shot
hit the wall of the abandoned elevator shaft behind you with a resounding clang.



"It's a dead end!" You yelled back to him, trying to ward him away. "We can't!"

Paz didn't respond, fighting his way past the remainder of the debris before jogging over to
you, halfway turned back the way he came to face any incoming attackers.

"What is it?" He asked, and in his voice you could hear the breathlessness, the concentration
of a battle worn soldier.

You gulped, looking up at his large form. "It's...it's an elevator shaft, but it doesn't go up, it
only goes down." Your voice trembled as you spoke, eyes flickering back to where shadows
collected beyond the littered alleyway.

That made Paz turn to you, his focus now on your startled face. You could see him pause,
freeze, consider. Though you couldn't see his expression, you tried to imagine the tight frown
on his lips before he finally spoke.

"Then we go down."

You blinked, expression fading from concern to confusion as you tried to dissuade him.
"Wha- w-wait, HEY!"

Paz bent just long enough to loop one of your arms across the back of his neck, and despite
your protests, then proceeded to lift you from the back of your knees into his hold. Now
carried aloft in his arms, you held the kid tight with the one arm now splayed across the
Mando's nape. Though Paz made a small grunt, he didn't complain about your weight, instead
marching forward towards the gaping entrance of the depths below.

"Hold tight!" He spoke, voice low and tight in his chest.

"Are you sure?!" You practically yelled, holding yourself a little tighter to Paz's broad form
despite your protest at being carried. Your attempts at trying to squirm away ceased as Paz
stopped just short of the edge, the toes of his boots hanging over as the maw glared up at you
with a sinister orange-red mist. You tried to suppress a shiver of fear, wanting nothing more
than to scramble away from the edge.

Yet the shouts of the Black Sun members were getting closer, the sound of breaking glass and
debris reaching your ears as they clambered over the same trash pile you and Paz had passed.

"Do you trust me?" Paz asked, voice dipping low for you to hear. The sound was practically a
growl in his chest, demanding an answer as the enemies around you closed in.

Time seemed to slow, each moment passing by in a sudden absence of the space around you,
narrowing in only on Paz’s t-shaped visor. Your heart fluttered in your chest, up into your
throat where it threatened to break look with a whimper of fear. You forced it down, felt it
sour in your stomach. Yet you looked up at Paz, seeing your own frightened gaze reflected
back at you, then hardened into an attempt at courage.

"Yes." You replied, voice attempting to be firm despite the tremor in your words.



Paz nodded, and if you could have seen past the helmet covering his face, you would have
seen a smile tug at his lips.

"Good."

With that, Paz tucked you tighter against his chest as you did the same to the child in your
arms. He gave a small ‘hup!’ as he jumped. Then you were falling, descending, the torrid
wind whipping your hair and clothes, air rushing deafeningly past your ears. You muffled a
scream, but you were sure that even if it had escaped you, it would be silenced by the gale
around you. Then, over the turbulence, you could hear the sound of something igniting. There
was a small lurch, but soon your speed had reduced to a slow descent as Paz's jetpack flared
to life.

After a moment you opened your eyes, staring up at the ledge you had just leapt from as
several figures leaned over, trying to find your forms in the mist that had enveloped you both.

"Leave them!' You heard a voice call from above, frustrated yet still sinister. "The cthons will
get them."

You couldn't question what exactly the syndicate members referred to as you still clung
tightly to both Paz and the child, sinking further into the abyss. Nor did you want to, fearful
of what horrors lurked well below even the deepest parts of Coruscant you had travelled to so
far. You shut your eyes against the thought, as if removing your sight would also remove their
potential existence.

The aging lights along the wall lit the shaft around you, growing dimmer the further you fell
into the red mist. Whatever had tried to make you teeter over the edge now seemed to
envelop your entire being, calling out with what seemed like a voice that rose and fell with
every unknown word.

Yet the lights slowly began to grow fainter, every moment becoming darker. A horrible part
of you wondered if you'd be sinking forever, that soon enough whatever shadows lurked
around you would swallow you whole, trapping you in the underground so you could never
see the light from the sun again. The blazing sun of Rishi, of Hypori, of the forgotten moon
and even Kaddack seemed a distant memory, flitting across the back of your eyelids with
vague shapes of a time you'd never see again.

Yet you felt Paz's grip on you tighten once more, and though you didn't open your eyes, you
felt him shift, widen his stance as you slowly came to a stop, ground under your feet once
more with a lurch.

You kept yourself curled against Paz's chest, protests against being carried long forgotten.
You tried to imagine it was Din that held you so close, voice murmuring reassurances against
the things you couldn't see. Your arms were shaking. From holding Paz and the child so
tightly, or from fear, you didn't know. So, when Paz released his hold on you, gently
depositing you onto solid ground once more, you tried to catch the shaky gasp of fright that
crawled up your throat with little success. Instead, you stood, holding both the child and
yourself against the smell of organic rot and decay that filled your nose.



"You should see this." Paz murmured, not touching you but remaining still beside you as if
his presence might lend you some type of comfort.

Despite not wanting to see, you allowed one eye to slowly open, gaze then shooting open at
what you saw.

Where you had expected a never-ending corridor of darkness, beasts and unknown creatures
lurking in the shadows, you instead found a startling sight.

The walls were...glowing.

No, it wasn't the walls themselves. It was a collection of tiny, microscopic fungi that grew
from the cracked pipes and up from the deteriorating trash in the tunnel before you, casting
the entire space in a strange orange and red haze. What you had originally mistaken as some
type of toxic mist was in fact the bioluminescence from the fungus. They formed spiraling
patterns against the walls, tiny nodes reaching out and upward like mossy tendrils grasping
for tree-trunks. It was...otherworldly, beautiful and impossibly strange at the same time.

Still, cognizant of the spores they could possibly produce, you tried to cover your nose, using
the fabric of the make-shift carrier to cover the child's face as well.

"They aren't harmful." Paz's voice intoned beside you, and you glanced at him to find his
gaze trained upwards, looking up to a pinprick of light at the ledge you two had come from.
“They eat metal and industrial waste, but they aren’t toxic to other organics.”

Slowly, you lowered your hand from your nose, taking a cautious step close to examine the
strange growth. It pulsed with a faint light from within, remaining still but with the
appearance that somehow it was pushed by an invisible current. Odd, yet strangely
fascinating. For a moment, your fear was forgotten, instead rapt with wonder at another sight
you had never seen before. Like a small flame, the orange glow flickered, casting brightness
against your irises.

"We should get moving." Paz concluded at last, breaking your trance. You glanced at him to
find his gaze return to you. "They'll be guarding that entrance to make sure we don't come
back up."

With that, he brushed past you, boots splashing into puddles that had partially submerged the
grates that paved the walkway ahead. You followed hesitantly, eyes still roaming the tunnel
walls.

"How deep are we?" You wondered aloud, voice echoing slightly in the near empty space.

"Too deep." Paz's grumbled response came from ahead. "We likely fell a dozen levels or so,
we're at or below level 1000."

"Level...1000?" You echoed, turning to cock your head at the back of Paz's helmet.

Paz huffed, and you couldn't tell if his mild frustration was with your lack of knowledge or
with the circumstances in general.



"Coruscant has close to 5000 levels." He explained. "The lower the level, the closer it is to
the galactic core. You probably saw level 5121 when you first arrived. It's the closest thing
Coruscant has to a surface."

You nodded, mulling Paz's explanation over in your thoughts while avoiding a particularly
deep puddle.

"Where is the covert?" You asked and watched as Paz's shoulder sank an inch.

"Level 1325."

You felt a weight drop into your stomach, pulling towards the floor with the heaviness of it.
The fall alone to this level had seemed like an infinity. To think that there was nearly ten
times that much in between you and the covert, between you and Din…

"That's...a very long climb." You replied at last, unable to hide the dejection in your voice.
The child in your arms shifted in his sleep, letting out a small mumble before again growing
still.

"All the more reason to continue forward." Paz returned easily.

You nodded silently from behind him, following the Mando's dimly lit form deeper into the
unknown.

For a while the glow of the strange fungi on the wall continued to light your path, the cracked
and burst lanterns on the wall having long since lost their batteries. Yet soon even they began
to grow dim, plunging you three into even further darkness. Here, miles and miles beneath
the artificial surface of the world, sunlight had stopped reaching this level eons before you
were even a concept in the grand scheme of the universe. The thought made you shudder, the
concept of what darkness lurked below the never ending city a terrifying one.

Paz paused to switch on a light atop his helmet, lighting the path ahead of him. You used the
pause to place yourself beside him, the tunnel having since widened enough to fit you both.
Yet your new pace at his side did nothing to alleviate the odd, heavy silence that fell between
you, filled only by your footsteps across a rugged grate and organic pathway. You scrambled
to try and find a conversation topic, the absence of noise between you unbearable. Yet it
ended up being Paz who spoke first.

"Din said he met you on a waystation in the Kaddak sector."

You glanced at the Mando beside you, having to slightly crane your head to look up at him.
The question caught you somewhat off-guard, mainly for Paz's sudden attempt at
conversation, but also for Din's odd recounting of your meeting to his comrade.

"No-" You started, then bit your tongue remembering the details of your first encounter. The
image of Din, backlit by the cargo lights inside the hold of the Razorcrest, standing
menacingly over you resurfaced in your thoughts. You didn't know how kindly Paz would
take to your explanation of the circumstances that led to your meeting, considering he was
already wary of you. "Well...yes."



Paz leveled a hard, inquiring glance at you, and you averted your own gaze a bit bashfully.

"I actually....was a stowaway on the Razorcrest." You finally admitted aloud after what
seemed like several minutes of silence. "I lived on Kaddak, but got into some trouble with a
gang there, so had to jump planet to avoid getting killed."

"What exactly did you do?" And there was an accusatory tone there, Paz's hackles rising in
automated self-defense. You were almost offended that he assumed you must have done some
terrible misdeed to offend the gang, considering his current experience with their vicious
nature. Yet again, you reminded yourself that it was exactly for that reason, and others, that
Paz likely didn't trust strangers.

"Nothing!" You exclaimed, shooting him a dirty glance, which then sank to look at your feet.
"Well, mostly nothing. I was an errand runner for them up until I became a teenager, and then
I took out some money to start a workshop. When I didn't pay it back on time...they sent a
hunter after me."

You shivered at the recollection of the Trandoshan hunter who chased you through the
market, wounding you and smearing his venomous blood against your scraped skin. "I got on
the first ship I saw taking off, and it just happened to be his."

Paz hummed, sounding almost amused, if not somewhat intrigued. "And Djarin just...let you
accompany him?" He asked, the doubt in his voice clear.

You huffed a sardonic laugh. "Not exactly." The memory of Din shooing you off the
Razorcrest at the way station seemed almost comical in retrospect. Yet you could still
remember the small medpac he tossed you, how the weight of it in your hands made you
smile in relief.

"Odd." Paz mumbled, yet at your confused look he offered no further explanation.

The silence resumed, with little sound in the abandoned corridor save from your footsteps
against the grates and decaying gravel, occasionally splashing into still, dripping pools of
water. The air was damp down here, you noticed. Warm, wet, dark. You wondered that if
somehow there wasn't a scenario that you made it out, if falling asleep forever here would
feel like returning to the womb, ensconced forever in a stillness that you didn't understand.

You gave a small shake of your head, trying to dispel the thought. After all, you were going
to make it out, it was only a matter of time before you got back to Din. That thought alone
made your thoughts begin to churn, looking for something to hold onto in the bitter silence
that fell between you three.

"Din said that he was a foundling." You spoke, attempting to fill the void of sound with a
subject lighter than thoughts of being trapped alive in the underground. "Are you also a
foundling?"

Paz made a small 'pfft' sound, which surprised you, and almost made a smile crawl onto your
lips with how much it seemed out of his character.



"No, I'm of clan Vizsla." He replied, and there was a shift in his voice, less suspicious, more
prideful. "One of the few of my line left."

"Clan?" You echoed, and this time Paz did look at you, studying your face open with
curiosity. The brightness from the light atop his helmet made you blink and squint, to which
he resumed looking forward to the path in front of you.

Paz nodded with a small sound of affirmation. "Different than a house, of which Vizsla is as
well. Mandalorian society is built of them."

This time you couldn't help but let a small smile tug at the corner of your mouth, noticing the
way Paz's demeanor had changed, the way he now spoke with ease of his heritage.

"Can you tell me more?" You asked, and again Paz turned, whipping his head to face you,
only for you to hiss at the glaring brightness of the flashlight.

"Ah, sorry." He mumbled, and the sudden soft, apologetic tone caught halfway in your throat,
sitting there as you mulled over the subtleties of the man who had become your current
companion.

As you continued on, Paz began to explain the answer to your question in detail, voice
amiable and hands loose at his sides. You listened intently, a half-smile on your lips, eyes
tired but friendly as you listened to Paz's commentary on Mandalorian houses, clans,
bloodlines, and the culture that tied them all together like an abstract tapestry. His voice
shifted slowly from serious and suspicious to a soft-spoken enthusiasm that quickly became
contagious.

Your interest in what Paz had to say was spurred on by the fact that Din spoke little of his
culture other than what was strictly necessary. The society of fighting for honor, of claiming
glory, of protecting one's family and passing on skills to the next generation resonate deeply
with what you knew of Din and his commitment to you and the child. Not to mention that
belief extended to others as well, as was seen by his dedication towards locating and rescuing
the village children on Rishi, and then to readily answer Paz's call for him to come to
Coruscant.

You continued to pepper Paz with questions about his heritage, to which he responded with a
subtle but beaming reverence. If it weren’t for the darkness you would have seen the way he
carried himself higher, the way his chest puffed with pride at offering his voice on topics such
as Mandalorian armor, the creed, and even at some points referencing his own clan as being
integral to the history of Mandalore itself. The wary, suspicious and serious Paz from earlier
had faded, replaced by one that radiated admiration for his own culture.

However, like a whisper of something foul against your senses, you heard something that
made you pause. Soon, you stopped, feeling as if…something was wrong. Your sudden halt
in footsteps caused Paz to pause as well, and as he turned to you, his voice trailed off as well.
Upon his glance at your startled, albeit confused face, he shut the light off and plunged you
both into total darkness.



Yet it wasn't as dark as you imagined, and soon your eyes were drawn down a tunnel to your
right, where a warm orange haze flickered at the end of it.

There, cast in horrid shadow against the curved metal wall, lay a lurking figure shuffling in
the darkness.

You felt your stomach seize at the sight. Even despite not being able to see it clearly at a
distance, you could tell that the thing was...wrong. Deformed, changed. With its back
hunched well over its body, pale slimy skin reflecting what small light there was at the end of
the tunnel, and vertebrae clear under its stretched flesh, the thing hissed lowly, head sweeping
towards you.

It had no eyes.

That fact alone made you nearly squeak with fear, but you caught yourself, knowing that
making a single sound might alert the creature to your presence. So, with one of Paz's arms in
front of you, trying to control the shake in your hands, you clamped a palm over your mouth
to stifle any noise that might escape you.

Whatever it was, the strange thing hissed lowly once more, scenting the air before making a
strange clicking sound and vanishing around a corner, ambling on deformed hands and legs.

It wasn't until it was well clear that you turned to Paz, the question in your eyes clear despite
your silence.

"A cthon." He supplied, voice quiet in a warning. "Something that stopped being human eons
ago."

You shivered, following Paz's lead as he crept forward, body low and ready for an attack
from the shadows.

"It's gone. It can't see, so it didn't notice us." He offered at last, keeping his voice low. "Stay
close."

You continued to walk in silence, each step sounding too loud against the void-like silence of
the tunnels. Yet as you pressed onwards, the darkness began to ease, and soon you found
yourself peering into the aging lights of some type of service corridor. Inwardly you breathed
a sigh of relief. Despite enemies still possibly lurking nearby, the presence of man-made
passageways was a small reassurance that you were headed in the right direction.

With the previous conversation abruptly squashed, you blindly attempted to fill the void.

"Do you think the covert is okay?" You asked after what seemed like an hour of silence,
voice still quiet but clear.

Paz took a moment, but ultimately nodded. "I try to think so." He answered. "Between Djarin
and the other warriors, they'll be able to hold off until we arrive."

Then, surprising you, Paz spoke again, his voice a touch softer. "Djarin may be a fool
sometimes, but he's clever, smart. The covert will be fine." In his words he offered his



reassurances to you, but by the sound it almost seemed as if he was speaking to himself,
reminding himself of his trust in the comrade he had sought out the aid of.

You weren't sure if you should be pleasantly surprised or mildly offended on Din's behalf.
Paz's backhanded compliment did, however, make you wonder exactly how much the Mando
knew about your self-proclaimed partner.

"Din isn't a fool." You mumbled, sounding a bit petulant. Yet that only made Paz fail to
contain a small snort of laughter.

"That man is a complete fool.” He replied, bemused. You shot him a small glare, which he
pointedly ignored, continuing. "When you and the child went missing, I had to wrestle him to
not go marching headfirst into Black Sun territory and get himself killed. If that isn’t
foolishness, I’m not sure what is."

You blinked, nearly stopping in your tracks at the image of Din trying to race off in the
direction he had lost you, marching like a one-man army to come find you and the child. The
concept made your chest ache, and for a moment your eyes turned sad as you imagined what
he could possibly be feeling right now, wanting but unable to come find you, and even then
not knowing where to start. If it felt anything like what you currently felt…

Stars, you hoped he was okay.

"He's even more of a fool for being so thick-skulled with how he feels about you."

That made your head snap to Paz's, and in the growing light of the tunnels he too turned
towards you, watching your face momentarily go blank with surprise.

Before you could ask, Paz continued. "It's clear he has feelings for you that go beyond your
'partnership. Yet by the sounds of it that or'dinii doesn't act on it as he should, likely leaving
you wondering about his intentions."

Damn his perceptiveness, you thought sardonically. Still, Paz was right. Din's emotional
wherewithal was frankly...lacking at best. The memories of Din's actions contrasting against
his small moments of vulnerability left a puzzling trail of how he felt about you. From Din's
conflicted emotions after your time on Rishi, of him withdrawing himself rather than face his
growing feelings for you, to him telling you his name and then almost wishing he hadn't, to
his denial that he saved you on Hypori for anything less than a mutual agreement, all of it
coalesced into one large lingering question as to his potentially romantic interactions with
you. Every time you thought you understood, Din would draw himself away, almost as if he
was afraid to admit and act on his feelings towards you.

"Din can be a fool sometimes." You spoke, voice low yet affectionate and breaking the
building gap in conversation. "But he's a good man. He's smart, capable, strong, clever, and
more than that he's...kind."

At those last words you felt a familiar blushing warmth against your chest, mind recalling the
soft moments of Din before he woke the morning after you arrived at his room in the middle
of the night. With his arms wrapped around you, holding you close in his embrace, body



coiled in sleep beside you, the fear of never seeing him again seemed bittersweet. He was so
far away, distanced by miles of winding interconnected levels, hidden pipes, durasteel walls,
streets and abandoned elevator shafts. Yet in your heart he was still just as close, and for a
moment you almost felt as if, through that memory, he was lending you some of his strength
to continue on.

You opened your eyes to see Paz staring at you, observing your gentle smile and hopeful
eyes.

"Never said I disagreed." He concluded at last, then turning to a ladder you hadn't seen until
he had moved. Before you could puzzle the ladder’s odd location in the winding wet tunnels,
Paz climbed to the top to unscrew the hatch there. You stood at the bottom, peering up as Paz
pushed the thing open.

At once a cool blast of air hit your face and hair, ruffling your clothes and making you hold a
hand to look up where Paz had begun to climb through. You had to squint, as suddenly there
was a bright light that framed the Mando's helmet almost like a halo. Once he had climbed
past the hatch, Paz turned to offer you a hand as you too, began to climb after him.

Once there, kneeling before Paz as he did the same for you, he spoke, voice raising above the
sudden gale of wind that muffled the sound.

"You will see him again, of that I can assure you."

With that he stood, pacing past you to the opening of the tunnel. There, endless air spanned
between you and the other side of a grand entrance to the lower depths, one of the boreholes
you and Din had originally traveled to in order to reach the covert. You followed Paz,
footsteps inaudible against the roar of air that rushed past and around you.

Then, as you stepped out of the shadows and looked up, you had to cover your eyes. For
there, at the top of the endless bore hole, was sunlight.

Chapter End Notes

I'm back to a semi-regular updating schedule!

This will be subject to change, however. I'm moving at the end of the months and then
traveling again soon afterwards, so August may be a little iffy in terms of updates.

I've also now moved update days to Sundays, which better fits my schedule.

With all that being said, I want to address some things:

I'm very glad everyone is enjoying this story. I work extremely hard on it, putting up to
8-10 hours in each week to write everything, edit, edit again, and polish it before
posting. I do this because I have fun doing so, and working hard on something that turns
out really well is a very nice feeling.

However, that becomes less so when folks pressure me for updates. This hasn't become



a huge problem yet, but I've noticed a little bit of it and want to nip it in the bud before it
develops further.

It's perfectly fine to say 'I can't wait to see what happens next!' or 'I'm on the edge of my
seat!' It makes me very pleased to see folks are really enjoying this story. But comments
such as 'great, now do the reunion' or 'You aren't updating on time' are stressful to read,
put pressure on me and put a damper on something that is supposed to be enjoyable and
are frankly...a little rude.

I just want to remind everyone that this story, which is now well over the word count of
some well-known fiction books out there, has been written entirely for free and on my
own time. To make demands on it is impolite at best, entitled at worst. I know none of
these comments come from a place of hostility, but it is important to keep these things in
mind before posting stuff like that. If you've done this, I'm not mad, I just ask you to not
do this in the future.

On to more positive things: I hope everyone enjoyed this little world-building detour!
It's so fun to explore the full environment of Coruscant and get a chance to develop Paz
and Cuyan's relationship as well! He's a good big bro, I promise, he's just a little iffy
with strangers. It was pretty tough to get the conversation between him and Cuyan right,
so I hope it turned out well!

A reminder, if you want more detailed updates on when I plan to add a new chapter, you
can follow me at sprout-fics.tumblr.com!

Okay, that was a really long A/N. But! Thank you all again for staying with this story.
Every comment, kudos, bookmark, and view really means a lot to me, and encourages
me to eventually work on my own original series.

See you next weekend!



Chapter 29: Part Twenty-nine: To Forget
Chapter Summary

"Djarin told me in the hours before you went missing that I should not underestimate
you." Paz finally offered, tentatively. "I will admit that upon our first meeting I didn't
understand his enthrallment with you. An outsider, not a Mandalorian, and by
appearances someone who did not hold a warrior's heart."

You frowned, but before you could take full offense Paz interjected once more.

"I see now that I was wrong. I still won't claim to understand you completely, but now I
know why he gave you the name he did."

That made you soften, your heart full in your chest for a moment upon remembering
Din's soft words in the Razorcrest after you had taken off from Hypori.

"Survivor." You spoke, voice deeply affectionate and warm. Your words echoed Din's,
tone similar and yet now built off an entirely different circumstance. "It means
survivor."

Chapter Notes

TW for violence. The first section of italicized material is graphic, but I suggest at least
skimming it to understand the full context of what is described.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

"This seems like a good place to rest."

Your legs nearly crumpled under you before Paz had finished speaking, muscles buckling
involuntarily at the promise of a recess from the endless climb and following hike towards
level 1325. Automatically, your back hit the grimy wall of the empty walkway you and Paz
had clambered up onto, sliding until your sat in a collapsed heap of exhaustion on the ground.

The day wore heavy on your shoulders, feeling like the legends of a god who carries the
weight of the stars upon his back. A deep, permeating ache clung to your body, holding fast
to your arms and legs. You thought that the chance to sit and simply breathe would allow the
hurt to abate, but instead it seemed to briefly intensify, as if your movement had prevented
you from acknowledging the full scale of it.



The climb from the service corridor had been absolutely brutal. Paz had taken the child to
lighten the load on you, but even then you had to climb up a ladder at least a dozen stories
with the threat of falling forever into the abyss of the planet looming dark against the bit of
courage you had mustered. When you finally had ascended to a platform, your muscles had
begun to spasm with the combination of wearing adrenaline and fatigue. Yet even then you
and Paz hadn't stopped, pushing onwards past the sector of The Works towards the district
where the covert lay.

You couldn't remember the last time you pushed yourself this hard. It had to have been the
better part of a week that you had been on the run, each day a struggle to remain standing, to
keep moving forward. Any potential of being able to relax with the added safety of another
person was squashed by Paz's insistence on a consistently grueling pace. That, combined with
the little food and nourishment you had scraped together along the way, the stress of being
chased, and the overwhelming concern for Din and the covert meant you could probably fall
asleep right here, in the middle of the urban Coruscant underground, and remain asleep for
several rotations.

Now, darkness had again begun to shroud the streets. Though you were closer to the surface,
the sky was still not visible here. Despite that, a scant few remnants of sunlight managed to
alight the streets during the brightest parts of the day. Now they had faded, and in their place
streetlights and bright flashing signs had taken their place. They cast dim shadows on the
forms of you, Paz, and the child, dancing and flickering across your weary figures.

The walkway you and Paz had clambered onto was a safe vantage point overlooking a small,
littered square. Though it had taken the last of your strength to climb up, the safety and
shelter it offered allowed you to finally relax after the day's toil. Now hidden within the
shadows of the overlook, you could fully observe your surroundings and the place Paz had
led you to.

The durasteel walkways surrounding the square dipped down into a small park of sorts,
though void of any organic matter. Instead, a drained fountain sat in the middle, a small sign
of the area's former prestige. Greyed and rusted statues stood as silent sentinels at the edge of
the area. You briefly wondered if perhaps this area had used to be some type of memorial.
Maybe before your time, perhaps even before the clone wars. Now it lay partially desecrated,
one of the statues burnt and damaged, with others graffitied or draped in trash. You tried to
imagine what this place could have looked like before, when it still stood in its glory, and
somehow your chest twinged with a bit of regret, of a feeling that you couldn't fully
understand. Something akin to familiarity.

A heavy sigh escaped past your lips before you could stop it, head lolling down toward your
chest. There, the kid looked up at you with large brown eyes, making a small coo at you,
placing a tiny hand against your dirt-streaked face. You summoned a weary smile, one hand
coming to rest atop the kid's head and stroke his long green ears.

The youngster had fared rather well for the continued stress of your journey. A part of you
assumed it was a child’s naiveté, not knowing the true extent of what was occurring around
him, knowing only that he had protectors to keep him safe. Yet You knew better. Though the



child was only a toddler, he was wise in a way that you didn’t exactly understand, almost as if
he had seen even more than you in his lifetime.

It was the source of a perpetual curiosity and bewilderment for you. He had to only be several
years old, not even able to create actual words beyond baby-ish babble and the occasional
trademark ‘patoo.’

Yet he had managed to heal Paz, and you as well, bringing the Mando back from the brink of
death with a strange ability you couldn’t comprehend. On top of that he seemed to sometimes
recognize things on your journey, of being able to understand the conversations and feelings
of those around him. Beyond all of that, one great mystery still remained.

How did he know your name?

Of course, you adored the child, but that fact alone made you look at him with different eyes.
Curiosity, but also wariness, even a trace of fear. How he knew you defied all logic. You had
never met him, and you hadn’t even spoken your name in front of him before he had echoed
it through you somehow, letting it ring forth without his voice but in a way you could still
hear it. There were times that, as much as you cared for him, that you looked at the child as if
you didn’t know him at all, as if he was a stranger.

Your thoughts were interrupted by the Mando next to you. With a grunt, Paz slid down beside
you, using one hand to brace himself as he sat. You cast a glance at him as he did so, taking
note of the sudden looseness of his legs and arms. He must be tired too, you realized. No
doubt he was pushing even himself to keep going, trying to get back to the covert as quickly
as possible to ascertain the welfare of the clan. You could relate, wanting little more than to
finally get back and collapse into the comfort and safety of Din's arms.

"How much farther?" You asked the Mando beside you, voice hoarse.

Paz heaved a sigh. "Another day. If we keep the same pace, we should make it by tomorrow
afternoon."

You felt your body fall limp at the prospect. It was so close, considering all that you had
already gone through, but the idea of one more day maintaining your current pace seemed
unimaginable.

Placing the child beside you, you curled your knees up to your chest and buried your head in
your arms. You were so, so tired. You were sure that the fatigue was playing tricks on your
brain by this point, every street corner, every ramp looking as though you had passed it
before, an echo of the past. It was the fact that you had traveled for so long that the street
styles and architecture were beginning to blur. At least you thought so.

A large, awkward hand descended softly on your shoulder. You looked up to see Paz's visor
turned towards you, shoulders eased and body language a little slack.

"Soon." Was all he offered, but the word alone made you give him a hopeful, tired smile in
return.



"Soon." You echoed, and as you did a small 'Patoo' came from between you two. You looked
down to see the child beside you, mimicking Paz in laying a hand on you as well. You huffed
a small laugh, straightening out your legs so the kid could clamber up onto them and into
your lap.

"You holding up okay?" You asked the toddler, who cooed, showing his small baby teeth in
reply.

"What...is he, exactly?" Paz ventured, trying to sound tactful despite his curiosity.

You shook your head. "I honestly have no clue." You offered in reply. "I've never seen
another species like him before."

Paz nodded absently, eyes turning to look back over the square watchfully. A long silence fell
between you two, occupied only by the distant sounds of traffic and loose pieces of debris in
the wind. You felt it hum against your senses, offering a soft, rocking vibration to which you
felt yourself easing into.

"Back there-" Paz started, and your drooping eyes looked back to him. "What he did, how he
healed me, you, I-" Paz's voice sounded oddly strained, as if he were coming to terms with
what he was about to say. "I...would have died without it."

The sudden vulnerability in his voice surprised you, and the lingering thought of sleep now
seemed distant in his confession. You gazed up at him, lips slightly parted but remaining
silent for him to speak.

"I'm not afraid of a warrior's death." He went on, fist clenching atop his bent knee. "But to die
when I still have yet to ensure the clan's safety, it's not something I can accept. My soul
would be restless, unable to move on to the Manda."

You nodded, turning and focusing on your hands in your lap. You understood what Paz
meant. For him, his goal was to the covert, to his clan. To Din, it was to the child, to see him
safe and protected. For you...

You weren't sure. For so long you thought your goal was to live simply, safely in the core
worlds. Yet the longer you traveled with Din on his adventures, the more that thought seemed
like a silly fantasy, that your true purpose lay elsewhere.

"The Covert is lucky to have you." You offered at last, pushing aside the thought to address
Paz. The warrior hummed, the sound low in his chest.

The silence stretched on between you two again, and you looked to the child, who, now
rested from his long slumber, had begun to explore the area around you. You kept a close eye
on him, making sure he didn't wander too close to the edge of the platform. Yet the child
instead eventually wandered over to Paz's feet, staring past them and up at the large warrior
with a small tilt of his head. Paz chuckled, clearly amused by the toddler's antics.

You felt yourself smile at the sound, remembering how the persona of a clan leader and
strong Mandalorian warrior had faded upon your original arrival into the covert when Paz



had attracted the attention of the group of children there. Umos, the boy who had launched
himself at Paz’s waist, his hands barely spanning the width of Paz’s waist, had spoken to him
with such reverence and adoration. You knew it came from a place of respect, but also a
mutual affection shared with the warrior.

"You seem to like kids." You offered a little awkwardly. Paz huffed a small laugh.

"They are the future." He responded, lifting a gloved hand and offering it for the child to
inspect with tiny green claws. "Children are one of the foundations of Mandalorian society.
Without them, the battles we fight and glory we succeed in do not matter as they won't be
passed to the next generation."

You nodded in agreement. "I can tell Din feels very strongly about that." You spoke, voice
quiet. "On Rishi, he went out of his way to rescue children of a Rishii village that were about
to be sold into the slave trade."

Paz turned to you, even as the child peered into his empty hand with a small whine of
disappointment.

"Your travels." He spoke, voice suddenly distinct. "Tell me about them."

Despite the promise of sleep, you felt yourself brighten and begin to slowly unravel to Paz
the full tale of Din and your adventures.

The Mando listened intently, nodding, asking questions, and clearly being engaged by your
recounting of your journey thus far. All the while he tried to entertain the youngster who had
developed an interest in him, patiently allowing the toddler to clamber onto him, inspect the
battle-worn grooves on his cuirass, and place small hands against the black of his visor. For a
moment, the unease of being on the run, the fatigue, the concern and desperation of your
journey back to the covert was forgotten. In its place, the easy, buoyant light of a developing
friendship allowed the weight from your shoulders to lift up and beyond you, into the
darkening night sky of the never-ending city.

Eventually your tale caught up to the moment you had arrived at the covert with Din, the one
where Paz had descended from the rooftops and ensued a tense confrontation with Din. You
didn't mention as much, letting your voice quiet rather than admit your feelings on the matter.
Yet it remained unspoken between you two, hovering just like the thought of the day ahead
tomorrow.

"Djarin told me in the hours before you went missing that I should not underestimate you."
Paz finally offered, tentatively. "I will admit that upon our first meeting I didn't understand
his enthrallment with you. An outsider, not a Mandalorian, and by appearances someone who
did not hold a warrior's heart."

You frowned, but before you could take full offense Paz interjected once more.

"I see now that I was wrong. I still won't claim to understand you completely, but now I know
why he gave you the name he did."



That made you soften, your heart full in your chest for a moment upon remembering Din's
soft words in the Razorcrest after you had taken off from Hypori.

"Survivor." You spoke, voice deeply affectionate and warm. Your words echoed Din's, tone
similar and yet now built off an entirely different circumstance. "It means survivor."

Paz nodded slowly, letting the same thought weigh on him as well. The silence that followed
was comfortable, as if you both had come to a mutual understanding that while it wasn't
clearly friendship, it was something that was not dissimilar.

And so, you felt your head beginning to drop, eyes half-lidded now as you took comfort in
the relaxed atmosphere between you both. You tried to resist long enough to make sure the
child would sleep as well, but the toddler's suddenly limitless energy was beyond what you
could manage.

"Sleep." Paz offered at last, softly. You were so tired at that point that you didn't bother to
open your eyes to look at him. "I'll keep watch. You'll need your strength."

You managed a single murmur of agreement, too tired to protest, head dropping to your chest.
Body slackening, you finally allowed the comfort of sleep to take you into its guarding
embrace.

---

No.

You know it before you feel it, the familiar and horrible heat of the flames licking and burning
at your ankles, the edges of your clothes, your hair and the boundaries of your senses. Heat,
the scorch of it threatening to devour you whole. With it comes the great roar of an
uncontrolled blaze, a world-ravaging inferno that wishes to take you and burn you to ash.

The scene unfolds as it has a thousand times before, a tragedy that is inescapable, imminent
and inevitable in its horror. The dream, the nightmare, creating a great outcry in your soul
that even in slumber you cannot voice. All around you the screams of those hurt, those
shrieking for aid, the whimpers of the dying coalesce into a bloody shriek that seems to shake
the stars themselves.

And you, you stand in the middle of it all. Frozen in terror as the flames creep closer, the
blaster shots ring out, the ancient pillars crack and tumble downwards. Your world is
crumbling in a great, unstoppable catastrophe, and you stand as a single reed bending in the
gale, unable to save yourself.

There's nothing you can do.

Yet you still scream, knowing that this is only a dream, it's only the nightmare that still haunts
you despite the years that have passed. Powerless to stop it, you scream until your voice
grows hoarse, cracks in the scorching heat and burnt air. That person that had passed you a
thousand times does so once more, bloody hand leaving the same handprint on your clothes
as they stagger forward towards a certain doom. You want to turn, to grab the edge of their



tattered hem, but when you do your hand passes through them like they are a ghost. Maybe
they really are one.

The dreams you had dreamt here in this place, of growing proud and strong alongside the
other children, of becoming something greater than what you are now are all in vain. They
too push past you, blurry and hazy shapes. Their faces are hazy, forgotten. When you try to
recall a pain too great to bear claws at the inside of your chest like a parasite, thirsting for
blood.

How did it come to this? Those days of exhausting yourself alongside your playmates, of
wrestling and tumbling in the sunshine, of laughing and collapsing into giggling heaps
seemed like they had never happened in the face of the gore, the violence, the catastrophic
destiny of their fates.

You know what is out there, the way they all are running. You've never seen it, but you know.
The moment they step beyond your sight into the dark of night their lives would end, and you
are helpless to stop them against the wave of death that wants to drag you out to sea.

Yet with the fire, the all-consuming blaze at your back, you don't have a choice. For you too
continue forwards, fleeing this place that had been your home, a sanctuary, a monument to
you and your kind. You pass by the bloody, the broken, the desperate and the dying. When you
reach that entrance you hear the sounds, the screams, the silence, the blaze.

A single, small hand reaches out for you. Its owner screams your name, and in the moment it
feels like the only sound in the universe, exploding with the power of a supernova against the
depths of your being.

You scream back, reaching out your own tiny hand, but the voice is cut short, and then with a
single step forward you're falling, falling, hurtling downwards towards a cataclysmic end
with the flames licking at your form the entire time, crawling down your throat and burning
you from the inside out.

You want to forget, you want this to end, you want to never again see that scene of
unfathomable grief and destruction. You want to forget, to forget, to forget-

 

 

Silence.

When you open your eyes next, it isn't to the shroud of death bending over your form. No,
you're held buoyant, cradled like the child that you are in the gentle embrace of the universe.
There is no sound here, not even your own heartbeat. The vacuum of space is absolute,
consuming every thought, every waking dream and nightmare. You expect darkness to fill
your vision, yet instead it is a vast array of stars. Like a tapestry of light, they gaze down on
your face of despair, whispering a lullaby. Though they sing out to you in their grief, there is
an inevitability there, a peace that has known the dawn of ages and fall of empires.



Like a winding tune, they sing to you, each small pinprick of light a clarendon note, hanging
high in the heavens and echoing across the vastness of space. Together they weave a grand
orchestra of harmony, an aria devoted to the grief, the goodness, the gorgeousness of the
universe in its whole.

Beyond the rising and falling notes, each star blinking out and into existence somewhere new,
there is a sound.

You know this sound, as it calls out for you within time and space. The realization creates a
path before you, lighting the way forward with radiant colors dancing against the eternal
background. Each silent step you take causes a ripple onto a seamless surface, creates a note
of its own against the unending song of the stars themselves. With every motion forward you
can hear the call for you grow louder, clearer. To reach it is to accept all that has passed, to
take with you the grief, the hope, the despair, the lessons you had learned and the heartbreak
that came with.

But you cannot deny it any longer, and soon you are reaching out with your own hands, now
scarred by the sands of time as you touch the edge of what was known long ago-

---

You're standing when you come to, eyes fluttering open as the sounds of Coruscant slowly
ease back into focus. Why you are on your feet, you don't know, but the position seems to be
of less importance than the fading grasp of what lay beyond your dream. It was so close,
close enough for you to breathe in the smoke and blaster fire. The knowledge of what was,
what could have been whispers in the back of your mind in words you can no longer hear.
Like mist the epiphany slips through your fingers and beyond reach.

So instead, your vision shows you the scene before you.

You don't know how you got here, but you're standing somewhere open, the wind whipping
your hair back from your face. The ground under your feet is unfamiliar, foreign. You can tell
by the twinge in your soles and the ache in your legs that you had begun to walk at some
point while you were asleep, body unconsciously guiding you to somewhere that it needed to
be.

In the darkness it was hard to see, each form a stranger. Even your hand seemed to barely
catch your vision as you lifted it. Yet even without illumination you could discern the feeling
of stone walls around you, radiating a coldness that sank past your skin. You couldn't tell if
you were alone, if somehow you had walked her by yourself in your sleep. Where was the
child? Paz?

As if to answer you, the world around you began to brighten. Casting your eyes upwards, you
felt your face dissolve into an expression of awe. For there, high above the clouds, past the
upper echelons of the hazy atmosphere, you could see the stars.

Their brilliance was dimmed, however, in the light of Coruscant's moon, hanging heavy in the
sky. The crescent cast a beautiful, delicate blue glow down to you, grazing the edges of your



face with a soft kiss of radiance. It also cast illumination on the scene around you, and your
wide eyes began to take in the place that you had come to stand in.

Ruins.

You stood in the center of a wide, circular chamber. Above you, a glass dome had cracked
and splintered, allowing you a clear gaze up towards the sky. Within, the edges of the space
were decorated in intricately carved stone columns. They stood in some places, having fallen
and broken in others. Stone and masonry debris lay heaped throughout the chamber, piled
high towards the edges. The thunderstorm from days passed had deposited still, reflecting
pool of water throughout, the stars coming to rest on their surfaces. Beneath your feet, a
stone walkway lay caked in grime, its previous splendor forgotten. The particles of dust here
floated hazily in the beams of moonlight, held aloft by an invisible tether.

For a moment you forgot you were on Coruscant, your elegant but destroyed surroundings
standing in such contrast to the metal, towering durasteel buildings and littered walkways
you had traversed within the past few days. No, this place was older, stronger, and in a
way...ethereal.

The ruins spoke of a long, ancient history that remained unknown to you. It seemed sections
of the space had been touched by something else, a darkness that you couldn't understand. In
some of the columns and aged statues that adorned the great hall other architecture had
begun to take its place, brutal and dark and speaking of something almost primordial. It lay
incomplete, the entire chamber broken, repaired, and broken once more. Remnants of
shadows beckoned at your senses, humming low and dark against the back of your mind. Yet
beneath that there was a peace, an undeniable wholeness that refused to be erased. The
thought of what had happened here, the secrets that lay in the shadows here were well beyond
your comprehension.

And yet...

Yet even then you found your eyes drawn, gaze shifting to focus where the moonlight
streamed through the strongest. Like a benediction from the heavens, a single beam of
moonlight shone down like a spotlight, illuminating a single, tiny figure standing amongst the
desecrated temple.

Your eyes focused on his form, his head tilted to look up at the columns, the dome, the sky
beyond. His energy, his baby-ish excitement had faded, now replaced by a silent grief, the
feeling small in an overwhelmingly chaotic universe. As your eyes landed on him, he slowly
turned his head towards you. There, in his eyes, lay the proof of a wisdom beyond his age, a
memory of the things he had seen, the events of history he had watched unfold.

You watched him, but somehow he felt distant, suddenly untouchable in a way you didn't
understand. Your lips parted, and past them you spoke the sound of a name you had forgotten
long ago.

 

 



"...Grogu?"

Chapter End Notes

.... :3c

If you've figured things out already, try to keep it on the down-low to avoid spoiling
anyone else



Chapter 30: Part Thirty: Surrounded
Chapter Summary

"You can apologize later." The warrior returned quickly, and his voice was lower than
yours, tinted with urgency. "We need to leave. Right now."

You blinked, Paz's face only dimly illuminated by the back-glow of his headlamp. You
didn't understand. This place was abandoned, ruined and desecrated. There was no
reason for anyone to enter here-

A tumble of stone off behind you spoke otherwise, and as both you and Paz stilled you
could hear distant, hushed voices, movement around you on all sides.

The familiar prickle of fear began to sharpen your senses, coiling your muscles and
making your heart thrum loudly in your chest. All at once the dream, the child, Grogu,
became forgotten, and in its place came the razor-sharp awareness of being watched.

You weren't alone.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"...Grogu?"

The toddler blinked at you slowly, his eyes glinting in the darkness, and you felt your heart
drown in the sudden wave of uncertainty within your chest. For a moment it seemed like the
young one before you wasn't the same one who you had traveled with, who whined to get
into your lap and place his tiny palm against your cheek. No, this seemed to be someone else
entirely. For in the child's large brown eyes lay a wisdom beyond his years, a knowledge that
you yourself could brush against but not fully understand. He gazed into you as if you knew
the true meaning behind his stare, the peace, the resignation and acceptance there.

You could feel something within you call out to try and reach him, fingers outstretched as
they had been in your dream. The distant clarion song of starlit notes rang forth in your mind,
hanging in the night sky. The longer you met the child’s eyes the closer you could feel it pull
you, like looking into a mirror and seeing someone that was yourself, but someone entirely
different all at once.

Your lips parted, eyes wide and reflecting the hazy glow of Coruscant's full moon shining
down on your face. It felt as if you were still within that dreamscape, walking along an
illuminated path, each step balancing on the teetering edge of grief and ignorance. At the end,
sat atop the ruined pillar, bathed in moonlight, sat the child.



You tried to speak, but your voice was tight in your throat, constricted there by a sob or a
well of anxiety, you couldn't tell. Still, somehow, you managed to let the words pass your
lips, broken and hesitant.

"Who-"

"Cuyan!"

You whipped to the side at the voice, muscles tensing automatically at the sudden
interruption. As if on cue, the same moonlight vanished, plunging the ruins into darkness.
Your eyes tried to adjust, but all at once shadows consumed your vision, engulfing you in the
inky darkness of night. Yet even without your sight, you were able to tell where the voice had
come from, and who its owner was.

"Paz." You breathed, stretching out one hand cautiously in the direction you had heard him.
"Paz, I-I'm here-"

Footsteps, and soon you were blinded by the sudden onslaught of brightness as Paz turned on
the lamp on his viewfinder. You raised a hand to shield yourself from being blinded, and past
it you could see the broad outline of the Mando's form against the ruin's shadows.

When his eyes landed on your form, Paz stalked forward, boots heavy against the fallen stone
and marble of the ruined chamber. You were stammering out an apology before he could
reach you, hands shaking and voice trembling from the aftereffects of what you had just
witnessed, the dream you had.

"I-I'm sorry." You offered, hands reaching out to brush against him and ground yourself in the
darkness. "I-I didn't mean to wander off. I fell asleep and I-I think I was sleepwalking-"

Paz's hand grasped at your elbow, steadying you. The touch made you cut your voice off,
overwhelmed and confused and slightly afraid. Paz seemed to sense this, because he stilled,
trying to anchor you with a gentle grip.

"You can apologize later." He returned quickly, and his voice was lower than yours, tinted
with urgency. "We need to leave. Right now."

You blinked, Paz's face only dimly illuminated by the back-glow of his headlamp. You didn't
understand. This place was abandoned, ruined and desecrated. There was no reason for
anyone to enter here-

A tumble of stone off behind you spoke otherwise, and as both you and Paz stilled you could
hear distant, hushed voices, movement around you on all sides.

The familiar prickle of fear began to sharpen your senses, coiling your muscles and making
your heart thrum loudly in your chest. All at once the dream, the child, Grogu, became
forgotten, and in its place came the razor-sharp awareness of being watched.

You weren't alone.

"The kid." Paz hissed, the gentle hand on your elbow tightening in urgency. "Where is he?"



It took you a moment to process, but soon you were spinning, trying to orient yourself in the
darkness. The place where you thought the child had been obscured by shadow, causing you
to call out cautiously in fear:

"Grogu?!"

"Who?" Paz asked beside you, but you ignored him, feeling your blood turn cold in your
veins. In the darkness, with strangers on all sides, you stumbled forward blindly, hoping and
praying you could find your charge, could find the youngster you had been tasked with
protecting.

Yet you didn't have to go far, because after a moment you felt a small tug on your pants,
followed by a whine. A gasp of relief whooshed past your lungs, and you bent to safely scoop
the toddler into your protective hold. Yet that relief was short lived as you felt Paz press his
back against yours, sweeping the ruins with his light to uncover whoever stalked you three in
the darkness.

They were getting bolder now, like predators encircling prey, boldly whispering and
murmuring to each other. You could hear them moving, and as your eyes slowly adjusted to
the darkness, you could see shadows weaving between the ruins. They danced like spirits
against the walls, forms shifting in and out of focus hazily. Every moment you tried to track,
your eyes would flicker towards movement elsewhere. In the inky darkness of midnight, it
felt as if each shadow was ten men, and soon you, Paz, and Grogu were surrounded by what
seemed like hundreds.

"Don't leave my side." Paz growled to you, and you felt him shift as he withdrew his blaster
from its holster with one hand, the other readying his vambrace. You nodded, feet shifting
under you as you prepared to fight, to flee, of which you didn't know.

The child in your arms whined once more, and the strange persona that had previously
washed over him now vanished. Now came once more the personality of a child, a toddler
who was defenseless and yet keen to the danger around him.

"It's going to be fine." You whispered to him, even as more forms seemed to rise from the
shadows. Then, softer to yourself once more: "It's going to be fine."

As if the heartbeat of Coruscant itself heard you, the clouds that had obscured the blue light
of the moon parted once more. You had to blink several times to adjust, squeezing Grogu
tight to your chest as you did so.

You were surrounded.

It took you a moment to realize, but as the darkness was washed away by moonlight, your
situation became desperately apparent.

On all sides of you were dozens of various ruffians, all donned in singed clothing and dirtied
bandages. It seemed like they had been through quite a fight, with some of the wounded
barely able to hold a blaster. They were all perched at the periphery of the room, and as the
moonlight streamed through the broken dome several lamps began to light, their warm haze



contrasting with the watery blue glow of the heavens above. Yet despite the gentle misty
radiance of both the lanterns and the moon, every figure stood tense, taut, ready for a battle.

You didn't understand at first. Briefly, you assumed you had accidentally trespassed on a
refugee settlement, or something like it. After all, of those present, most were in bad shape
despite their numbers. Some still bore untreated wounds on their figures. Yet then your eyes
landed on the gaze of one Duros who was closer than the rest of her cohort, and your own
stare traced the tattoo over her right, red glowing eye.

The Black Sun.

The previous trepidation you felt now hardened like a blade against your throat, cold and
deadly. The thought that your situation had simply been one of misunderstanding, of
coincidence, shattered like the glass in the arched dome above you, raining down into
nothingness even as it twinkled beautifully in the light of the moon.

There were too many, and you were unarmed.

Paz didn't speak behind you, but you could tell from the tautness of his shoulders, the low but
present breathing in your ears that he too was watching, scanning, thinking desperately of a
way to escape. To fight meant a certain death, or perhaps even worse, to be captured and held
at ransom by the same enemies who had slaughtered a child for the simple crime of existing
on the syndicate's territory.

"Mandalorian."

Both you and Paz looked up, watching as a figure climbed atop one of the highest piles of
debris, standing atop and looking down on the three of you. Broad shoulders were tucked
under a strange vestment of sorts, folding over each other in multiple layers but leaving her
muscled arms bare. One foot was braced atop a piece of fallen, carved stone as she leaned
forward to examine you three.

She was...strangely beautiful, you realized. With her emerald green skin, and jet-black hair
emerged atop an otherwise bald head and coiled into a messy bun, she was an exotic beauty.
If you examined her closely you could see her jet-black locks fastened by a blade of sorts,
signifying that the second the style came loose it would free both her hair and her weapon. In
the odd lighting the alien's complexion seemed...strangely luminescent. Yet when her eyes
fixed on you, you felt that surprised admiration vanish into a startled surprise. For there, in
her eyes, lay the promise of a sadistic type of violence.

She smiled, the grin tugging lopsided at her lips as she tossed her head haughtily. The
overconfidence would have made you roll your eyes if it weren't for the venom in her own, a
stare that blazed alight with the threat of danger.

"You've saved us the trouble of finding your two friends there." She spoke, voice deep and
nodding to both you and Grogu. "Thought you had finally given my men the slip after
vanishing into The Works. Only for you to show up right at our doorstep."



You felt her eyes trace you, and in them there was a raw fascination, a hunger. You shivered
as her eyes raked you from toe to top, her voice a purr.

"Interesting."

Paz nudged you, if only just so. You jerked your head towards him, catching the profile of his
helmet in your periphery.

"Let me do the talking." Paz murmured low enough for only you to hear him and raising his
blaster near his helmet. The motion was met by the sounds of a dozen different blasters
coking at the ready. Paz paid them no mind, focusing his attention on you. "You, find us an
escape route."

You nodded, summoning a bit of courage despite the terrified flutter of your heartbeat. You
took a breath to steady yourself, pushing past the confusion, the fear, the odd haze that your
sudden predicament had left you in. As your eyes began to scan the chipped intricate painting
of the ruined chamber, with its ornate but tarnished columns and tiled floors, Paz's voice
spoke over your head.

"Your men don't appear well." He noted, raising his voice to address their leader. "Either you
encountered my brothers and sisters, or I made more of a dent in your forces than I realized."

The gang leader sneered, revealing a row of sharp yellow teeth.

"Don't flatter yourself." She snapped, and if Falleen could spit venom, she would have. "One
Mandalorian can't stand against us all."

Paz scoffed, and you knew a part of his reaction was forced, trying to appear unbothered
despite the circumstances. "Then you seem to have met the other members of my clan, then."
He volunteered, and you paused at the observation, reminding yourself that Din was alive,
that he had been looking for you.

"Even so, I'm pretty sure I can take out about a third of your men here before you take us
down."

There was a small murmur in the shadowed figures that surrounded you, a subtle shift at
Paz's words. If the gang members present hadn't already been hit by the other Mandalorians,
by Din and the others, you hoped, then perhaps they'd be braver. As it was, they were hiding
out in the ruins like scattered rats, injured, demoralized. Paz's threat seemed to hit its mark.

And the Mando knew it, because before the leader could snap at those present to open fire,
Paz stepped forward, arms spread wide.

"Let's make a deal."

That caught the leader's attention, and her head whipped from sneering at the enforcers
closest to her back to Paz's visor. The scowl melted into something that looked more like
bemusement, a thin eyebrow arching on her green forehead at the Mando's words. She didn't
speak, but her silence alone gave Paz the opening he needed to continue.



"Leave the Mandalorians alone, let my friend here leave peacefully, and I'll surrender."

The eyes you had been using to scan the ruins snapped to Paz, and before you could stop
yourself you hissed at him. "Paz, you can't-"

"Trust me." He replied simply, voice lowered so only you could hear. Even so, his attempts at
reassurance failed, and you shifted to face him better so you could argue the point, refusing to
accept such a dangerous gamble.

Your next words, however, were interrupted by a bark of laughter atop the debris pile. The
Falleen woman sat herself on a loose stone, bracing her arm beside her to balance and let
loose a loud, cackling laughter that made your skin itch and your eyes light in fury at her
mockery.

The members of the Black Sun around her began to laugh too. It started hesitant, a murmur
that ran through the sparse crowd and built like an oncoming rainstorm, the sound increasing
until it felt like it was the only noise in the world. In your arms you felt Grogu shift, coo up at
you nervously. Beside you Paz tensed, pressing his back a little closer to your frame.

"ENOUGH!" The Falleen woman shrieked, and the laughter died off abruptly. You jolted at
the sound, feet shifting under you as you prepared to run, to fight. Furious, she spun to both
you and Paz, as you gazed up at her from behind Paz's larger form.

A thin, restrained smile spread on her lips.

"New deal." She announced, smirking. You suppressed a small chill at her tone, sadistic and
amused. Then she leveled a neatly manicured nail past Paz to you and the toddler in your
arms.

"Give us your friend and the kid,” She spoke, head tilting to one side as she curiously
regarded you both. “-and we consider letting you live."

You felt a wash of fear crawl up your skin, and defensively you hid Grogu from view.

"Them?" Paz asked, and to his credit, he truly did sound incredulous. His visored stare raked
over you both, and in it you could see your own anxious and confused gaze look back at you.
"What do you want them for?"

The Falleen leader examined her nails nonchalantly, as if she was merely bartering for
supplies as opposed to the lives of the three below her. "The credits we'll get for handing
them over to the Imps should be nice enough to recoup our losses." She offered casually, but
the words made your heart stop in your chest.

You felt Paz freeze beside you, just as you did at the words that pierced past the facade of
courage you had manufactured for yourself. You felt your breathing hitch, eyes wide and air
stale in your throat.

The Falleen smiled triumphantly, crossing her arms as she gazed down the bridge of her nose
at you.



"That's right." She crowed. "You didn't know that your friend there is wanted by the Empire,
do you?"

Paz didn’t turn to face you all the way, but he did tuck his head in your direction, uncertainty
tinting his voice.

"What is she talking about?" Paz asked you, and you felt your skin prickle in warning. "I
knew the child was wanted, but you too?"

You shook your head helplessly, trying to summon the words needed to explain but coming
up empty. Despite all this time, you still had no idea why the Empire wanted you of all
people. You were just a backwater mechanic, a former gang member, a single blip in the
grand scheme of the universe.

So why...?

Paz stilled beside you, and uncertainty settled deep inside your stomach. The possibility that
Paz was considering the idea, that his trust in you did not run as deep as his desire to survive
and serve his clan, made your voice tighten in your throat even as you tried to speak. Air
seemed to escape you as you choked out his name in a despairing plea.

"Paz." You whispered, and in the sound even you could hear the fear, the sudden desperation
of horror at being handed over to the Empire. The thought of what they could, what they
would do, to you, to the child in your arms made the sinking terror from your dreams seem
like the nightmare of a child.

"No deal." Paz spoke at last, lifting his head to stare directly into the astonished eyes on the
Black Sun leader. "Go to hell."

Whereupon all hell did break loose.

With one arm, Paz tucked you further behind him, using his broad frame to shelter you. With
the other he raised his wrist and let loose a stream of fire from his gauntlet that cast the
chamber in a blazing orange light, obscuring the vision of those within it. Deftly, he spun in a
circle, the fire- no, magma, aimed in an arch at the Black Sun members around you. While
they ducked for cover, Paz raised his blaster and fired a volley of rounds at the gang's leader,
only for her to tumble out of the way just in time.

"Run!" Paz barked, and your feet carried you before you even finished processing the
thought. You flew over the broken stone and debris, launching forward towards an opening
you had spotted only moments ago behind a thick column, with debris creating a protected
alcove. You ducked behind it, nearly somersaulting your way to safety. Within its walls you
heard the sound of a lantern exploding and roaring into flame, shot by Paz’s blaster. The
blaze it created was followed by several astonished shouts as the gang became distracted
from their target in an effort to put it out. Yet soon those farthest from the flame began to fire
back at the Mandalorian who guarded the entrance to your shelter.

The firefight that ensued was nothing less than catastrophic. The sounds of blasters ringing
out, plasma light dancing against the shadows like strange flickering beings seemed to shake



the foundations of Coruscant itself. For a moment you felt as if the remaining columns would
come crumbling down, would destroy the ground beneath your feet and send you all
tumbling down into the molten core of the planet to be burned alive as you had been so many
times in your dreams.

Paz remained several steps away from the entrance of your temporary shelter, and at this
distance you could hear his beskar armor ping with the rounds being fired at him, as they
deflected and bounced back towards their origin. Yells and barked orders could barely be
heard over the cacophony, but you could tell that despite their original shock at Paz's attack,
the gang was slowly regrouping and organizing themselves. Paz was faster, however, because
between the yells in languages you didn’t understand and the battle cries there were screams
as Paz’s blaster found its mark, taking down who he could in the poor lighting.

The fires lit from Paz’s plasma thrower began to smolder, and the air filled with the acrid
smell of burnt stone and plaster. It seeped in your lungs and made your breath catch for a
moment, and you had to stifle a cough at the horrid smell of it. The smoke curled up towards
the glass dome in strange spiraling shapes. Your hands buried themselves deeper into the
comforting material of Grogu’s clothing, trying to find something to anchor you other than
the rough beaten stone and rubble pressed against your back. From your spot you peeked out
to see Paz standing undaunted, one hand firing his blaster, and the other using his plasma
thrower to annihilate anyone who dared to advance on him.

Yet despite Paz's hardened battle prowess, despite his finely tuned Mandalorian abilities, you
knew it was only a matter of time before he fell. He was outnumbered, outgunned, and the
discrepancy between his ammunition and the overwhelming firepower of his opponents was
too much to ignore. If he had his heavy repeating blaster, perhaps that fact would be different.
As it stood, the hope of him making it out alive seemed little to none. Soon enough a single
misstep would cause Paz to falter, to fall, and his body would be left here, in the shadows of
the ecumenopolis, never returned to his people.

You wouldn't stand for it.

Paz had earned your trust, and now the thought of being dragged from his fallen figure by
unknown hands even as you screamed for him to wake made the icy fear in your blood melt
and boil with an unobstructed anger. This entire time you had been trying to understand how
you could be less of a burden, how you could better protect yourself, Din, and the child. Now
your ally faced down an impossible enemy, and you hid meekly behind rubble hoping and
praying that his imminent death would not arrive. No, you had to act.

You were gentle in depositing Grogu on the ground, forcing a thought at him to stay put. In
his frightened state he seemed unable to do any less, staring up at you with wide fearful eyes
and making a small pleading babble for you to hold him once more. As much as it hurt your
heart to leave him, you knew that if you didn't act the fear of being handed over to the
Imperial Remnants would be far greater than being hidden safely away from the deafening
violence around you.

With that weighing heavy in your thoughts, you tried to summon every ounce of courage
within you, letting it settle heavy on your skin like beskar. The thought of Din’s cuirass



bearing down on your shoulders lifted you, and with it came the tenacity to step forward. You
would protect Grogu, you would help Paz, you would save yourself.

You launched yourself from your hiding place, past Paz and you vaulted over a nearby
section of debris. Paz's astonished shout echoed behind you, but you paid him no attention.
Instead, you focused not on the laser bolts that flew past you, or the sudden shouts and
barked orders to fire at you, but instead on the slumped figure of a Black Sun member just
out of reach.

You dove from him, narrowly missing a barrage of blaster fire. The shots pinged against the
stone beside you, whizzing overhead deafeningly. Your fingers landed on the still warm metal
of his blaster just as you collided with the ground beside his fallen figure. Somehow, you
were able to seize the heavy blaster off his body and tuck it tight to you. With your back flush
against the broken and rough stone, you could hear Paz yell for you, his voice raising
dangerously over the gunfire. Yet he was unable to come towards you, as his shout again
attracted the attention of those firing, drawing their focus away from you.

The breath you took settled in your chest, providing a gasp of air to your rapidly echoing
heartbeat. It took you another moment to regain yourself, but now you moved without
thinking, without fear. If you stopped even for a moment to consider your actions, to plan
your move, then the horror of what was happening around you would seize you by the throat
and drag you down to drown. To stay alive you needed to move, to run, to fight.

With that you popped your head above the section of rubble you had crouched behind, firing
indiscriminately at the source of the blaster fire aimed at Paz. Several surprised shouts rang
out as you did so, shocked to find their own weapon turned against them. It took them only a
moment to pinpoint you, and you ducked behind the fallen pillar again just in time to avoid a
volley of blaster fire.

Yet it worked, as the second they were distracted with you Paz managed to unload his own
blaster at them, taking out two of the Black Sun members as you hid from the plasma
scorching the other side of the rubble behind you.

"Cuyan!" Paz bellowed, voice dark and deep. You moved without stopping to consider,
launching your body back over the ruins and again towards your hiding spot. As soon as you
were within sight Paz spared you a glance, his tone verging between anger and disbelief.

"What were you thinking?!" He called out to you over the firefight, grunting as a blaster bolt
pinged off his chest plate. "You could have gotten yourself killed!"

"I'm not letting you fight alone!" You yelled back to the Mando, who spared you a glance of
what you assumed to be either shock or disbelief.

You crouched next to him, partially obscured by a pile of supply crates. Then you again
unloaded the blaster in your hands towards the opposite end of the chamber, the jolt of the
kickback tilting your aim but making your shots go wild. Yet your tactic seemed to work, as
the uncertainty of where your shots would land kept several gang members from rising to
return their own fire. You repeated this several times, trying harder and harder to see through



the dense smoke, where through the orange light lit by Paz's blaze, you could see the Black
Sun leader barking orders to her forces.

Yet there, to your right, you could see the darkened archway of where you had originally
entered beckon with a whisper of safety. Somehow, despite the odds, you and Paz had cleared
a path.

"Take the kid and go!" Paz roared at you, but you shook your head obstinately.

"I'm not leaving you!" You answered, raising your voice hoarsely over the catastrophic
orchestra of blaster fire.

Before Paz could insist, however, you heard the warrior cry out in surprise and jolt
backwards. Shocked, you watched as he stumbled, tried to return fire, and again was struck.

“Paz!” You screamed, the sound ripping your throat apart with the alarm and terror there. Yet
despite the two shots that he had received the Mando remained upright, launching his plasma
thrower once more in an attempt to create a barrier between you both and the oncoming
Black Sun forces. Yet then he slumped, and from somewhere on the other side of the
darkened chamber you heard the order to cease fire.

You didn’t waste a moment, for as soon as the voice rang out you dove for Paz, tucking one
of his thick arms over your shoulder and helping him stumble into the alcove where you had
stashed Grogu.

“Cuyan-“ Paz tried, grasping your arm, but you yanked it free and returned to the alcove
entrance to fire a volley of shots at the figures creeping over the ruins towards you three. Yet
soon you were forced to duck out of the way to avoid the incoming shots that were returned,
allowing the syndicate members to creep closer, slowly advancing on your sanctuary.

A voice called out in the silence that followed, void of blaster shots as a dozen gang members
encroached upon your position. Your eyes glanced back to Paz who had managed to right
himself and stood beside you to carefully peer out. Past him you could see the child, his eyes
reflecting the scant bit of light in the shade of your shelter. You gazed back at him, chest
heaving, eyes wild, hair mussed and clothes smelling of blaster smoke. Beyond, you could
hear the slow but steady creep of the Black Sun members drawing ever closer towards you,
towards your demise.

“Come on out, darling!” The Falleen leader cried out, on the edge of mania. “We promise it
will only hurt for just a while!”

“Kark off!” You yelled back, but the moment you tried to fire a volley from your spot you
were met by several rounds pinging the stone corner where you had been standing, forcing
you back once more. Out of options, out of escape routes, you could only look desperately at
Paz and the child, the inevitability of what was to come clear in your eyes.

It was over.



You had failed. Your instinct to protect the child, to save Paz had ultimately been your
downfall. You should have taken the opportunity to flee with Grogu when you could, and
now the three of you were cornered, pinned, prisoners of your own design. Yet you didn’t
regret it. You would have rather faced the Black Suns beside Paz than abandon him in his
time of need. Still, the bitterness of defeat soured deeply into your bones, and for a moment
you closed your eyes, as if you could somehow block out all that was to come.

Yet then, beyond the glass dome, a distant sound rang out.

It caused the Black Sun members to pause as well, and you could hear them mutter between
themselves as they tried to pinpoint the source, craning their heads up to where they assumed
the origin would be.

At first you thought it was a speeder, humming low with a distant flare of engines. Yet soon it
drew closer, and you realized that where you had assumed there was one sound there was
many, singing in harmony as they approached the domed ruins. When they grew close
enough the hum reached a nearly deafening pitch, whereupon you finally realized what, or
who had come to your aid.

The next sound came as a simple clatter, and as you peeked out your head you watched a
large capsule tumble down the stone sloped ruins and come to rest at the base of where the
Falleen leader had spoken. She gazed down at it, bewildered, mouth opening in a single
word:

“…Wait-“

BOOM-

All at once the room filled with light, and from your obscured hiding spot you were shielded
from the blinding brightness of it. Yet you could hear the startled shouts of those unlucky
enough to be staring directly at the bomb when it exploded, blinding them to the sudden
figures that crashed through the remainder of the dome.

Mandalorians. The Covert.

Relief bubbled up your throat into a desperate cry, ringing out against the sudden flashes of
blaster bolts and returned fire from the Black Suns. Where you had assumed your fate at
being handed over to Imperials, of witnessing Paz’s last moments, of being separated from
the child merely moments after you had recognized his name, destiny had intervened and
offered you one more chance.

The glass that rained down and landed with a delicate tinkle against the floor was overridden
by the sounds of jetpacks lowering into the chamber, followed once more by an outbreak of
blaster fire. The chamber exploded once more into a battle zone, with a barrage of ringing
blasters firing upon each other and the lights from each sparking like fireworks against a
luminescent sky. The previous catastrophic barrage of sound resumed once more, berating
your ear drums and shaking the stone under your feet. Yet this was different. Whereas you
had been firing indiscriminately, attempting to cover Paz as he selected targets, this battle
was over before it even started.



The Mandalorians moved as one body, each soldier a finely tuned weapon that turned against
the adversaries present with deadly force. All at once the ground beneath your feet shook
with the force of the explosions that followed, and the death cries that came with. Every
moment seemed to be consumed by the discharge of a fully loaded weapon, a charge
detonating somewhere beyond your sight. Carefully, cautiously, you peeked your head out to
witness the scene of vengeance that the Covert inflicted on the same ones who had dared to
try and cross them.

Using jetpacks, each Mandalorian managed to avoid the returning fire, unleashing hell of
their own upon their targets. You watched as one Mandalorian used her vambrace to set afire
a stack of supply crates, then landed to squarely kick a nearby Black Sun member into the
burning wreckage. Another flew over her, avoiding a volley of blaster shots, landing atop a
high broken column and letting forth a series of small missiles that landed precisely on their
targets. Yet even another landed in the thick of it all, calmly and assuredly pointing his blaster
at those who dared to approach him, not wasting more than a single fatal shot on each.

Through the chaos and the bloodshed, you could hear the distinctive whine and release of a
rifle, charging and unloading repeatedly. Each target it hit barely had time to scream, as their
body evaporated into dust and floated eerily in the moonlit beams.

You knew that blaster.

The memory of Rishi, of the moment that blaster had set Din in its sights, seemed to consume
every other sound in the galaxy for the briefest of moments. Here, now, in the utter chaos of
the room, you could hear it sing to you from afar, signaling to you that the one who wielded it
was safe, and was fighting his way towards you and his son.

Above it all you could hear the Black Sun leader screaming at her forces to retreat, to fall
back further within the temple. The shout was echoed, but as the calls rang out so did the
blaster shots, and the voices who commanded the order were cut short with a chorus of
pained screams. Still, the remaining members managed to withdraw, and with them so did the
sounds of battle. As they did, the Mandalorians pursued them, chasing them further within
before a shout echoed forth with the order to hold the positions they currently occupied.
There they paused, and eventually a tense quiet began to fall over the scorched and bloodied
ruins.

When it was finally silent you slowly crept from your hiding place. Each step seemed to take
a lifetime. Gingerly, afraid that your shadow would perhaps startle one of the warriors, you
tried your best to remain visible as you inched forward. The moon still managed to draw
across your face past the blaster smoke as you advanced, casting your features in a watery
blue haze. It was only once you were in full view of the dozen or so Mandalorians present
that you saw him.

There, illuminated by the moon and backlit by the orange haze of the embers still burning,
stood a single figure. He scanned the ruins, still holding the pulse rifle within his grip and his
eye leveled to the cope. At your hesitant steps forward, he turned sharply as if expecting an
enemy, and the blue haze of the heavens caught on his visored gaze as he stared at you.



Instantly upon seeing your figure his arms dropped to his sides, and he took an almost
disbelieving step forward. You too, froze in your steps, wide eyed in your doubt that it truly
was your Mando, that the man in front of you was very much alive, whole, here, just beyond
your grasp.

"I-It's you." He spoke, voice choked, and in it you could hear the same exhaustion you had
felt within the days spent from him. The emotion, so uncharacteristic of his tone, flooded
through the space between you both and seized the inside of your chest with a clenching grip.

Soon unbidden tears welled in your eyes, a desperate but impossibly relieved sob bubbling up
your throat. All at once the strain, the stress, the fear, the despair of the past week came
crashing down on you like the heavens falling inward. He was alive, here. Despite all the
odds he had found you and the child, had come back for you, and had protected you as he
promised he would.

”Din.” Your thoughts cried out, and you weren’t able to even speak the name past the relief,
the joy, the bliss at seeing him in front of you.

Without another sound you launched yourself forward, arms outstretched. Din skidded down
the rubble pile he stood on as well, bracing himself at the bottom as you rushed full force at
him. You made contact with him hard, hearing the whoosh of air leave his body as your arms
wrapped around the middle of your companion, your friend, your protector, your
Mandalorian. Instantly Din’s arms closed around you, securing you fast within his embrace.
There, he tucked his head against your hair, his hold tight enough to press a laughing,
wrecked sob from your throat. With tear-stained cheeks and a voice cracking with joy, you
were able to utter one beautiful, soul clenching word.

"Din."

Chapter End Notes

Phew!! Finally, am I right? :'-)

The reunion is a bit short, but there will be more in the next update. We have one more
chapter of The Coruscant Arc, can you believe it?? Then several interlude chapters
before we get into the next arc. We're more than halfway through this story, everyone!
There's about 20-25 chapters left, isn't that wild?

Also, there will be no update next sunday. I am (FINALLY) completing my move and
will have ZERO time to write within the next week. I will be back the week after for the
Coruscant Arc finale!!

Thank you all for reading, commenting, giving kudos, and being supportive of this fic. It
means to world to me, and feel free to give me a follow over on Tumblr at Sprout-Fics
for more content!






Chapter 31: Part Thirty-one: Reunion
Chapter Summary

"I knew." Din spoke, and his voice was tight, failing to restrain the emotion underneath.
For a moment you thought he might break, trying and failing to hold back the fractures
of relief, the utter bliss at your reunion held tight in his chest. "I knew you were alive,
Cuyan."

Survivor.

Din's name for you had been born of your past, and yet it had continued to follow you
even now. You, against the impossible odds, had survived once again, fighting and
clawing your way back to him. Now safe in his arms, it was all you could do not to sob
at the name once more, feeling as though Din's title for you had been given as an
incredible blessing, a prophecy of who you were, how you would find him once again;
and silently to yourself you vowed that you always would, that you would always find
him, no matter what.

Chapter Notes

TW for injury, blaster fights, violence, explosions, and general badassery as well as
referenced child death once more

See the end of the chapter for more notes

"Din."

The words were choked, cracked in a stifled sob of relief as you clung to him, burying your
face against the beskar chest plate and feeling the heat of your brimming tears seep against
the metal. The weight of Din's arms around you seemed to be the only thing anchoring you,
keeping you from being lost in the tide of your blissful solace at once again being by his side,
here, with him, whole.

Din tightened his arms impossibly further around you, squeezing some of the air from your
lungs for a moment, which came out as a small whimper of reprieve. You could feel him tuck
his helmet against you, leaning it down as far as it would go into the crook of your neck.
There, you could hear the breath that rattled his lungs, tempting him to let out his own
choked sound of complete consolation at finding you. As if to pull yourself impossibly closer
you stretched up on your toes, hands fisting into the cape behind his back. It was only then



that you could no longer contain the sniffle and following stuttering exhale that warned of
oncoming tears.

"I knew." Din spoke, and his voice was tight, failing to restrain the emotion underneath. For a
moment you thought he might break, trying and failing to hold back the fractures of relief,
the utter bliss at your reunion held tight in his chest. "I knew you were alive, Cuyan."

Survivor.

Din's name for you had been born of your past, and yet it had continued to follow you even
now. You, against the impossible odds, had survived once again, fighting and clawing your
way back to him. Now safe in his arms, it was all you could do not to sob at the name once
more, feeling as though Din's title for you had been given as an incredible blessing, a
prophecy of who you were, how you would find him once again; and silently to yourself you
vowed that you always would, that you would always find him, no matter what.

"You're okay." You spoke, and your voice did nothing to hide the breathlessness there, chest
rising with a gasping inhale as you tried to not cry, to hold back the tears-

"When Paz told me you two had been ambushed...I-"

"Paz?" Din asked, and gently, as if he were afraid to break you, he separated himself from
you, holding you at arm's length as he looked down into your face. Your own eyes, reflecting
the Coruscant moon hanging heavy in the sky above, stared back at him.

You nodded, lips parting as you tried to understand his words past the emotional haze that
had taken hold of you. One of Din's hands came from your elbow to your face, hesitantly
cupping your cheek and smearing the tear that grew against the corner of your eye. It was all
you could do to not melt into his touch, a sigh pouring forth from your lips. That part of you
that had been missing ever since you had wandered outside the covert, since you had looked
hopelessly up into the abyss of the Coruscanti underworld with a crying child in your arms
now lay complete. In your chest that wholeness mended the ache there, and the trials and
tribulations of the past days felt like mere minutes now that Din was here, safe, alive.

Yet you nodded at last, a broad and overjoyed smile spreading across your face as you looked
up at your Mando.

"Paz." You repeated, and then turned to face the small shelter of debris you had crept from, to
find that the warrior himself had stepped into the light, and dwarfed in his arms was the child,
gazing out cautiously from the safety of Paz's hold.

Upon seeing Grogu your heart sang to even higher heights, and before you could stop
yourself you had taken one, two steps and trotted down the slight incline of rubble to meet
Paz halfway. Din's choked breath of surprise followed behind you, shocked to see his
comrade still alive and in one piece.

Grogu held out his arms to you, the fright in his large brown eyes fading to relief once more.
You lay one hand on Paz’s shoulder as you scooped the child into your other, holding him



against your chest as he curled there, a hand reaching and grasping the fabric of your shirt in
an attempt to comfort himself.

You gave Paz a smile, one perhaps a bit too bright for his injured state, but blissful
nonetheless at your unexpected rescue. Paz returned your gesture, letting the hand that didn't
clutch his side rest on your shoulder as well. There it stayed, as if you could both silently
communicate the mutual understanding of having survived an impossible encounter, and the
camaraderie, the friendship that came with. For a moment his visor lingered on you, and
though Paz didn't speak, you could understand the gaze there.

Then Paz turned to Din, who had followed several steps behind you. You turned as well, and
in doing so allowed Grogu's eyes to land on his paternal figure. The toddler stared in disbelief
for a moment, eyes wide and lips slightly parted. Then, his face scrunched miserably. All at
once the child began to cry, startling the three of you with the sudden intensity of his
outburst. The noise of his sobs bounced through the chamber, making several of the Mandos
maintaining their positions cast glances at your small group in curiosity. You rushed to shush
Grogu, trying to bounce him in your arms as he sobbed, to no avail. Yet after a mere moment,
Din's hands reached forward and grasped the toddler, taking him into his own arms and
holding him against his shoulder. There, the toddler instantly curled into his care-taker’s
pauldron, hiccupping.

You felt your heart melt as Din's shoulders relaxed, as one hand rested gently against the kid's
back, one of Grogu's large green ears squished against the edge of Din's helmet. Slowly, the
toddler's cries began to lessen into small sobs, whimpers muffled by the coarse material of
Din's cowl and cape. One he became quiet enough, Din sighed, the sound heavy and yet
utterly relieved. Tilting his head just slightly, he directed a quiet voice to the child in his
arms.

"You okay? Feel better now?"

After another sniffle and a sob, you heard Grogu let out a small noise in reply, one hand
tightening into the fabric of Din's cowl at his collarbone. You felt your heart rise to your
throat, fluttering there like a thing with wings, delicate and pure. A hand found its way to
your chest as if you could contain the feeling, a smile of utter happiness making your face
warm to the touch.

Unable to contain yourself any longer, you gently padded forward to Din's other side,
hovering until Din's hesitant arm reached around to your back and huddled you closer so that
he held both you and Grogu in an embrace. You tucked yourself into him, one hand reaching
up to cover Grogu's clutched against Din's cowl, the other wrapping around Din's back. Din
tucked his head against the child in his arms, and you felt rather than heard the deep sigh that
settled in his chest.

That moment you had longed for, when you had awoken to Din's arms around you while the
child awoke you with a gentle touch, the utter bliss of being together with both of them,
seemed to fill every fiber in your being. For a moment it seemed that the happiness between
the three of you, the love and the trust there could conquer anything, could light all the stars
in the sky themselves.



No words were needed between you, only the comfort of touch and the sound of three
heartbeats in sync.

Then Paz made a small noise, clearing his throat, and instantly your gaze shot back to him,
one hand still clutching his side.

"Oh kriff-" You involuntarily cursed, covering your mouth instantly and glancing at Grogu to
see if he had heard. Fortunately, he hadn't, but as you watched he moved past you as Din took
a few steps forward to greet his Vod.

He seemed at a loss for words for a moment, and you could practically feel the guilt roll off
of him at the memory of leaving his brother for dead. Paz seemed to notice too, because he
straightened and held out his arm in an offer of reconciliation. Din peered down at it as if it
were something foreign. Yet after a moment, hesitantly, he reached out and secured his arm
against Paz's in traditional Mandalorian fashion, turning his gaze to the other warrior.

"Su cuy'gar." Din managed at last, and Paz huffed a laugh.

"You're a fool if you thought I'd simply die like how you left me." Paz rumbled, and you
could hear the smile in his voice, contagious enough to broaden your own. You didn’t think
your heart could grow any fuller, but the sight of the two Mandos back together again made it
sing in a tune of ultimate elation.

Then Paz nodded to the toddler in Din's arms. "Your little one- he saved me. Saved both of
us."

Din glanced at the child still tucked against his shoulder, then turned his attention back to
Paz. "That's...a long story." He offered, then as you came up at his side once more, looked
between the two of you. "How did you find each other?"

"That's a long story too." Paz replied, and Din tucked his head a bit as if he were smiling.
Then Paz's heavy hand landed on your shoulder, causing you to look up at the Mando.

"All I can tell you is that I wouldn't have survived without your partner here." He concluded,
and you felt yourself grow an inch with pride, felt it lift you so that for a moment you felt
almost as tall as the warrior beside you. "She is deserving of the praise you have given her."

At this you blinked, turning to Din as if he could offer an explanation. Yet Din's visored stare
gazed back at you blankly, and you couldn't decipher the meaning there. Yet then he spoke,
his voice tinting in a tone you rarely heard.

"That she is."

You beamed at him, feeling like your smile could reach all the way up to your ears.

"Paz!"

"Vod, you're alive!"

"Osi'kyr! We thought you were dead!"



You blinked as the Mandos who had been stationed near the exit that the Black Suns retreated
to suddenly caught sight of Paz, some rushing forward to greet the warrior while others still
stood high on debris piles as lookouts. Yet all of them seemed to be delighted at the sudden
return of the Mando, shouting exclamations of surprise and relief at his appearance.

Paz took it in stride, grasping the arm of another Mando that you recognized as one of the
gateway guards, and turning to greet one of the female Mandalorians who you had seen
watch over some of the foundlings when you first arrived. Yet despite the joyous reunion, Paz
was again back in the role of commander, issuing greetings but surveying the damage from
the fight, asking about casualties, where the gang had escaped to, what their numbers were
like. A different, leaner Mando snuck up beside him and said some small words before
injecting him with a painkiller.

You turned towards Din once more, who too was watching over the scene. Grogu had since
settled his crying fit, following Din's gaze and then turning to you with a small series of soft
baby sounds.

"Are you hurt?" Din asked, tilting his visor towards you.

You paused, suddenly taking stock of yourself. You hadn't had a moment to do so since you
had originally fallen into that dreamscape that had lifted you upwards and made you travel
into the ruins.

The dream...

"Din." You said suddenly, eyes wide. "I have to tell you something-"

You stopped, ears tracking a distant sound.

While Din waited for you to continue, you listened, straining to hear the sound that had
caught your attention. Like a shadow flickering at the periphery of your sight you could hear
it, an ominous reverberation of something you couldn’t see yet. You could feel it, if ever so
slightly, a vibration that made the ground under you hum with energy. A distant rumble, a
far-off growl that promised danger.

"Something's coming." You whispered, turning to face the darkened corridor where the Black
Sun forces had retreated to. Your voice was small against the ruckus behind you. Din tensed
beside you, form readying and eyes drawing to where you peered into the darkness. As he did
the sound grew louder, rising from a low grumble to a singing hum of something large,
something terrifying.

The other Mandos noticed too, and quickly their raucousness at Paz's survival grew quiet.
Silently, several of the Mandos made themselves vanish back into the ruins, issuing hand
signals as they all placed themselves strategically to face whatever incoming threat emerged
from the darkness. Paz spoke some low words to those that remained, and soon they too were
igniting jetpacks, slipping away to set themselves as shadows against the night.

The ground under you began to tremble now, little bits of rocks and rubble shaking against
the ruined ornate floor. You tensed, drawing yourself up in preparation for the hulking black



shape that began to make itself known from the shadows. All around you the Mandos lay
silent, training their blasters and weapons on the thing that moved forward, out of the inky
blackness and into the clouded moonlight.

Din drew in a sharp breath beside you, and before you could ask he was suddenly grasping
your arm and dragging you to the side, uncaring about his sudden rough grip. You went
willingly, though confused as your eyes traced the barrel of a cannon pointed straight at you
both. Your eyes grew as large as the crescent moon, lips parting as you tried to speak.

"T-that's-"

BOOM

The sound of rock exploding was nearly simultaneous with the cannon fire that deafened
every other sound on Coruscant, and you screamed as Din hauled you to safety, covering
your head to avoid the debris that rained down on you both.

By the time your hearing resumed, ringing in your ears fading, the other Mandos were
yelling, barking orders over blaster fire as the regrouped Black Suns poured out from behind
the mounted gun, blaster bolts pinging off the walls and rubble.

"What the hell is that?" You yelled at Din over the chaos. Din at first didn't reply, putting
Grogu in your arms and withdrawing his pulse rifle from his back.

"A modified Imperial Troop Transport turret." Din called back, ignoring your blatant look of
confusion.

"A what?!"

"Bad news." Din replied, and this time you understood.

Din went through the motions of checking his munitions, hands flying over his armor to the
pouches on his hips and sliding over the well-maintained exterior of the rifle. Your mind
seemed to haze over as you fully processed the world around you. The Black Suns you had
assumed were defeated now poured like blood from a wound, spreading and festering from
their origin, from the weapon that had taken down Paz, and would now turn itself against
you, against Din and the other Mandos.

Din finished checking his munitions, nodding to himself and striding past you out towards the
chaos.

"Stay here." He barked over his shoulder.

Panic rapidly mounted in your chest, and before Din could take another step you lurched
forward to grasp his cape, causing him to turn as another explosion rattled the world around
you.

"No!" You yelped, and that anxiety, that fear at losing him again while you simply huddled on
the sidelines now roared back into full force. You had vowed yourself against this, this reason
why you had ventured from the covert in the first place, to better yourself so you could stand



beside, not behind him. The fear that you would have to resign yourself to watch as he stood
in harm’s way yet again bubbled in your chest, angry and desperate.

"I'm coming with you!" You declared loudly, much to Din’s surprise. It took him a moment to
process, but when he did he fully rounded on you, setting his stance wide against your
protest.

"What? No! Stay here, you'll be safe here." He argued, and you felt yourself grimace at his
tone. Yet you wouldn’t back down, not anymore.

"I'm not letting you fight alone!" You yelled back, and the hand on his cape tightened into a
white-knuckle grip. "Not anymore."

Before Din could protest you withdrew the blaster you had stolen off the Black Sun member
from your holster. Despite your shaky grip you set yourself, staring at Din with eyes hard as
beskar. You refused to let him go alone again. Not so soon after you had just reunited. You
refused to let him out of your sight. You wanted to protect him, wanted to keep him safe just
as he had done for you.

"We're in this together, remember?" This time your voice lowered, but the edge was still there,
sharp as steel and unrelenting in your determination.

And as Din watched, he could see the flame of courage, of conviction burn in your eyes. It
grew alight along with the smoldering embers of where the turret shells left their mark,
smoldering dark in the inky shadows of night. In his own he felt himself reflected, felt the
synchronous heart of a warrior burn alongside his own, refusing to back down, to give a
single inch.

It took his breath away.

"...Fine." He bit back at last, reluctant to agree but knowing that it was pointless to argue.
"But do NOT leave my side. If something happens, my priority is getting you and the kid to
safety, okay?"

You felt the breath you had been holding escape you in a gasp of relief, not wanting to anger
Din by choosing to ignore him should he have refused you. Then you turned around, facing
the child you had been protecting. Grogu stared up at you worriedly, raising his arms
plaintively to attempt his way back into your arms. You felt a piece of you break at the sight,
so instead you knelt down to his level.

"Grogu, you're going to have to stay here, bud. Stay here where you can be safe. We will
come back for you, I promise you. Do you understand? We aren't leaving you behind." Your
voice choked for a moment, but you swallowed it down, forcing yourself to swallow the
uncertainty there.

Grogu seemed to comprehend the meaning of your words, but even then he refused to lower
his arms, whining worriedly at you as you rose once more.



"Here." A voice to your right spoke, and you turned to see the same Mandalorian that had
treated Paz bent over one of his comrades, kneeling before him but turned halfway to you
with a beckoning hand. "Give him here. He'll be safe with the injured. You have my word."

You looked to Din for confirmation, casting eyes over your shoulder for his approval. When
he nodded, the grip on his rifle tightening, you turned back to the medic and muttered your
thanks, gently depositing Grogu beside him and turning before your heart could shatter at his
upset and panicked cry.

You watched Din's helmeted gaze flicker from Grogu to you, and for a moment you could
imagine his indecisiveness. The choice between escaping with you and the child, forcing
himself to abandon the covert once again, versus putting you in harm's way to help save them
was an impossible one. He couldn't make it on his own.

So, you decided for him.

"Hey." You spoke, and the sound was cut off by the dull think of another round firing and then
exploding into dissonance somewhere in front of you. Din pulled you down automatically, one
arm over your head as he sheltered you from whatever debris raining down from the cracked
ceiling. You waited a moment before grasping it, holding it off of you so you could look him
in the eyes as you spoke.

"We go together."

Din paused for a moment, as time seemed to inch forward, each heartbeat a small sound
against the cacophony of violence around you. Yet within it lay, just for a moment, only you
and him, tethered together by the promise you had just given him. There, in the single part of
space and time, you felt a part of yourself tied to him, anchoring him to you no matter how
far you would ever go, beyond the expanse of stars and space, to where he stood.

He felt it too, because the arm that you had grasped twisted in your hold so that his palms
cradled you elbow, bringing you just slightly closer to him and yet narrowing the space
between you more than you could have ever expected.

"Follow me." He spoke, and this time his voice was only for you to hear. "Have my back, and
I'll have yours."

And follow you did, through the hail of blaster fire, ducking past the broken and ruined walls
of the chamber, flattening yourself against metal and sandstone surfaces as you slowly-
achingly slowly- maneuvered your way towards the center of battle. You stayed on Din's heels
the entire time, ignoring the shouts and injured cries around you, focusing on Din's back as
he strode ever forward, unfazed by the battle.

At last, he scrambled up a few feet behind a pile of loose stone, sheltering behind the
fragment of what used to be a mural and propping his pulse rifle just over the top.

"Shoot when I shoot." He instructed, raising his voice to be heard over the discord. You
nodded grimly back at him, trying to stifle the shake in your hands. You looked down at it for
a moment, trying to force your nerves to calm themselves and for courage to replace the



tremor there. An involuntary shiver raced up your spine, leaving gooseflesh in its wake at just
what exactly you were doing, the gravity of the situation you had entered into willingly.

Din's hand came to cover yours holding the blaster, forcing you to look at him. In the chaos
around you couldn't hear him if you tried but watched as his hands withdrew and held the
rifle, glancing at you meaningfully as he leveled his sights.

"Remember to keep the front and the back of the gun level, otherwise you risk aiming too
high or low.

Din's voice filtered through your thoughts, blocking out the sounds of battle for the briefest of
moments as you felt the shake in your hands quell, felt your breathing even out, your eyes
close as you inhaled deeply. Then, eyes flashing open, you lifted your blaster above the wall,
sighting a nearby Black Sun member in your sights-

-and fired.

To your amazement the blaster shot caught the shoulder of the Rhodian you had aimed at, not
striking his center of mass but landing heavily enough to knock him off balance. The pulse
rifle whirred next to you for a moment before Din fired, and the Rhodian exploded into dust
before he could recover.

You felt the confidence from your success lift you, and the heavy oppressive weight of doubt
rise off your shoulders as you continued to search your sights for another Black Sun member.
After several missed attempts you managed to strike a Nautolan in the moment she popped
her head above her shelter, ignoring the way your guts heaved and soured at you taking
another life in order to defend your little family and Din's clan.

Beside you Din worked easily, focusing his fire on the mounted turret that had locked itself
into place just beyond the reach of most of the Mando's munitions. The operator was
sheltered behind some type of make-shift welded durasteel wall from which they aimed and
fired the weapon. It took some time to charge between firing, and as you listened you could
hear the sinister and imminent hum of it preparing another shell.

Din's attempts to try and stop the barrage had trivial effect, his rounds impacting but doing
little to slow the turret. He cursed beside you, ducking down as several Black Sun members
seemed to catch sight of you both, turning their blaster fire towards you. You followed him,
dodging just in time to avoid a blaster bolt that whizzed past where your head had been a
split-second prior. The narrow escape rattled you, and for a moment you were unable to
compartmentalize, weighing the oppressive the knowledge that at any moment a single
misstep would mean a bolt through your brains, body limp beside your partner, beside Din.

Din seemed to catch sight of your hesitation, one hand reaching over to jostle you back into
focus. You looked at him, breathing heavy as your sight narrowed down to his T-shaped visor.

"Concentrate." He barked, and even though his tone was rough the word was not unkind,
trying to way you back into that sense of bravery that you had shown him only minutes prior.
You nodded at him, swallowing thickly and trying to force down the horror at your situation
in favor of courage.



Din nodded back at you, raising himself up after a moment, picking the second in between
blaster fire to return a barrage of his own, the pulse rifle now switched to regular rifle
rounds. You quickly inhaled a few times, psyching yourself up before popping up beside him,
turning your own aim at an outcropped rubble where several Black Sun members sheltered.

That was, until the corner of your eyes caught the flash of a muzzle moving towards you.

Din saw it too, and in the space of a second tackled you down the slope of the rubble pile as
the cannon whirred to a fever pitch. You both tumbled out of reach just in time, the turret
firing off a single round which tore apart the perch you had both occupied only a moment
ago. The close proximity of the explosion rattled you, and you couldn't hear Din's shout at
you over the sudden catastrophic ringing in your ears. Instead of answering, you curled
beside him, eyes closed as he braced himself over you, kneeling upwards and firing back with
the pulse rifle.

Through closed eyes you could feel the world around you seem to shatter just as in your
nightmares, the fire of burst lanterns and exploding turret rounds searing heat across your
skin and lighting the blue moonlight haze into a destructive and all-consuming inferno,
flames dancing across Mandalorian visors and catching the bright shadows of Din's armor.
The air was rancid with blaster smoke and ash, sour with the scent of burnt stone and metal.
That horrible stench that seemed to wrap itself around Coruscant's underworld permeated
every fiber of your being, the rotten iron smell of death closing in over the space and
whispering between the broken bodies and wreckage of what used to be a place of peace, of
justice.

Then there was you, in the middle of it all, partially covered by Din's broad figure as he knelt
protectively over you, refusing to give an inch while you desperately tried to right yourself.
Again, the chaos, the death, the destruction he stayed by your side, steadfast and undeterred.
He danced in hazy shapes as your vision tried to clear itself, tried to reconcile your
consciousness with the world around you.

You wondered for a moment if this would be the last image you ever saw, of Din towering
over your sprawled figure, the bottomless black of his visor dancing with the light of the fire,
the back of the pulse rifle braced against his shoulder and hands tight around it. Though the
Mandalorians had easily pushed the Black Sun back before, now they barely held their
ground as the turret punctured holes in their defense, making the tiled floor beneath you lurch
with every canister fired and erupting on impact. If this continued it wouldn’t be long before
they were forced to retreat, to give ground with nowhere to go except up and out of the dome,
where they would be shot down like meteors burning up in the atmosphere. And Din, and you,
and Grogu would be stuck as the turret advanced forward, cornered you in what used to be a
place of tranquility, of justice and peace.

As the tragedy your fates began to be written across the stars Din remained. He never
flinched, never backed down for a moment even as the whims of the universe began to close
fast around you both.

You felt your lips part, as if you could tell him everything in these ultimate moments as the
blaster fire drew closer to him, as the Mandalorians behind him began to grow frantic in
their cries, and the essence of your being shook with another world-shattering explosion from



the turret. If only you could confess what you hadn’t yet told him, about the dream, about
Grogu’s name, about the great mystery surrounding you that even you yourself could not
understand. Maybe, somehow, if you told him, then everything would begin to make sense,
and the ghost of the person you used to know would finally show herself to you.

"Take cover!" A Mando to the front and right of you called, and you twisted to see, watched
as she reached back, spine arching as she motioned to throw something in her hand, arm
extending over her shoulder like a great wing unfurling.

Then, as if in slow motion, you watched as a single blaster shot ripped into her shoulder, and
her motion was cut off with a sickening jolt, body angling horribly, collapsing and falling
backwards as her hand opened...

…and a grenade fell beside her.

You could see the red blinking flash of the weapon, counting down the invaluable seconds
until its fiery destruction. The Mando's limp form lay beside it, her fingers just out of reach.

You moved before you realized what you were doing, scooting yourself out from under Din,
his surprised then terrified shout echoing behind you. Yet you didn't stop, scrambling over the
rubble, scraping your hands on sharp edges and clawing your way towards, instead of away,
from the grenade.

There was no time to think, no time to so much as breathe. The fallen Mando before you
gazed back at you with Din's visor in her place, body limp and still beside the rapidly
counting down weapon. If you didn't act she would die, and you would have merely stood
there, watching, waiting in the seconds that you could have acted, could have saved her.

Even as you saved yourself, you were never going to leave anyone behind, never again.

Blaster bullets whizzed past you as you scrambled for the grenade, whizzing just over your
skin but never touching you as an invisible forcefield of destiny, of purpose kept you safe. You
didn't look at the blaster fire, didn't even breathe as you lurched forward, your hands closing
around the grenade as it began to blink into its final stages. The red cast brightly against
your irises, reflecting the countdown of destruction against your sight. You could feel your
stomach turn, heave at the reality of what you were doing, the risk you were putting yourself
in. A part of you panicked then, but before the feeling could fully freeze over your blood,
could keep it held static, you pushed the feeling down with an enormous effort. Even then it
lingered, the thought that if you failed, if you waited-

With only a moment's thought to aid you, you held your breath, reached back as far as you
could-

and hurled the grenade at the turret with all your strength, feeling the moment the metal left
the pads of your fingers.

There it sailed across the front lines, past the Mandos already ducking down to avoid the
incoming blast. For a moment, the metal caught the pale moonlight, glinting like a falling
star as it began its descent.



For a moment it seemed like it would stop just short, the arch laying too low across the
broken glass ceiling. The world around you seemed to inch forward, the space between your
heart beats light years from each other. You could feel the world around you shrink as you
watched it descend too close, too soon, and you willed it further, just a few more steps. If only
it fell downward just a few feet more, then maybe, maybe…

Then as if hearing you-

It landed on the turret with a dull clang just barely audible over the chaos and anarchy of the
battlefield.

You had a split second to see it tumble to a stop atop the weapon before a force hurled into
you from the side, pushing you to the ground as the red blinked down to nothingness, as the
world roared, shook into fire, engulfed you in a horrifying blazing heat. All other sounds
shattered like glass as the explosion detonated, shaking the foundations of the planet itself.

You curled into yourself as the world shattered around you, anchored only by the weight
above you weighing you down and keeping you safe. You didn’t even have the breath to
scream, your eardrums punctured by the force of the shockwave, and even past closed eyes
you could feel the back of your eyelids brighten from the intensity of the detonation. The heat
rose hot against your skin, and you didn’t even have time to think that you had been too close,
that perhaps the blaze would only continue to grow and consume you from the inside out.

Yet in all of that you felt Din’s arms close fast around you, his entire body go rigid as you
both lay still, hoping that you were beyond the range of the blast radius, that somehow the
fire would pass over you, that the ground would stop quaking, that you would both be okay.

When the world stopped trembling at last, you felt your breath remain stuck in your chest. It
took a moment for you to free it, your throat blocked by both fear and an impossible hope that
slowly seemed to reconcile with reality. After what seemed like minutes, you finally permitted
yourself to peek open one eyelid, watching as your vision sluggishly faded from vague,
uncertain shapes to the outlines of solid objects once more. The ringing in your ears didn't
stop for several moments later, and even then there was a hum, a crackle that hadn't been
there before. Yet you were alive, untouched by the blaze that had curled its fingers towards
you but ultimately drew short.

It was only moments after you got your bearings that you craned your head, wincing as it
throbbed with the movement, and discovered the sound was not a product of your own
impaired hearing, but that of a massive burning heap where the mounted turret had been. The
entire chamber was cast aglow with a red-orange haze, the fire seeming otherworldly in a
mist of blaster smoke, glowing brightly in the fog.

The quiet that followed was filled only with the crackle of the surrounding smoldering fires,
and the burnt metal wreckage of the weapon that had been used against the Mandalorians in
your mix. Yet in it was the absence of blaster fire, of panicked shouts and relayed orders, jet
packs firing and flashing against the darkness. It was as if every soul still present in the
ruined chamber began to creep from their cover, to peek over decimated walls and buttresses
to examine the battle ground which had erupted into a terrifying cataclysm of fire and debris.



The weight atop you shifted, and as you turned your head back you saw the familiar
pauldrons of your own Mando sprawled over you.

"Din!" You breathed as the Mandalorian shifted with a small grunt, as he too was rattled by
the proximity of the explosion, just beyond danger but within the radius to be rocked by the
aftershock. As you observed he managed to tuck his knees under him, arms sliding to either
side of your shoulders. Slowly, he pushed himself off of you, only to hover his helmet close to
your face.

"Are you hurt?" He asked, and there was a strain there in his voice, the result of some type of
injury you couldn't see yet. Even so he sounded as if it wasn't serious, and the fact that he
could rise off of you was a positive indicator to his situation.

You nodded, arms still sprawled to either side of your shoulders and head, hair pushed away
from your face and falling onto the floor around you. The breath in your chest seemed to
catch as you began to process what had just happened, that you- that Din had-

Your thoughts were interrupted by a great cry, and you flinched at the sound. Yet when you
listened it wasn't that of pain, or anger, or sorrow. No, the shouts that rose from the rubble
around you carried to the ceiling, out into the Coruscant sky that had begun to streak with
the colors of dawn. It was the sound of triumph, of victory.

Din's head lifted to observe for a moment, taking note of the Mandos rising from their
perches and holding their arms aloft in celebration. Then his eyes swiveled to that of the
burnt, destroyed turret, laid to waste by the grenade you yourself had thrown with the last of
your hope. You expected his shoulders to slacken, for his head to droop, but instead Din's
helmet whipped back towards you, hovering inches from your face.

"What in the seven hells were you thinking?!" Din roared at you, and you flinched at his
suddenly booming voice mere inches from your face. "You could have gotten yourself killed!"

You blinked, unable to conjure a response to Din’s outrage. He had all the right to be furious
with the stunt you had pulled. If it were him you would have tackled him to the ground as
well, bent over him and let your voice rip from your throat in anger and desperation.

Yet the image of the female Mandalorian laying prone…of Din’s helmet instead of her own
staring back at you. You shouldn’t have done it, but you didn’t regret that you had. If it had
been him, you would have done it over again in a heartbeat.

Before you could respond Din's helmet fell to your chest, his heavy breath rattling from
within. The weight of it there seemed to jolt you back into reality, with your breath heaving
back into your lungs and body briefly spasming with the reality of what you had done, of the
physical aftershock of being so close to the eruption. Yet none of that mattered, because Din
was speaking words past his helmet that sounded less like anger and more of a deep, aching
grief for what could have transpired.

"I could have lost you...I..." He murmured, voice raw. His hands tightened on either side of
your head as he tried and failed to regain himself, no doubt the image of your destroyed
figure haunting him.



"If anything happened to you...Cuyan, I-I..."

You felt all the air in your lungs leave you, skin damp with sweat and muscles exhausted.
Your arms were heavy, and you slid them down, raised them to brace against the sides of his
helmet. There, you brought it closer to you, braced your forehead against the metal of his
helm and let your eyes close. Din nearly collapsed on top of you, his arms weakening as they
held him off of you. Yet you felt the desperation echo past his lips with his next breath, felt his
legs relax between yours as he forced a steadying breath through himself, finally speaking
low against you.

"Please...please never do anything like that again."

You nodded softly, breathing in the breath Din had just let go, holding it as you reminded
yourself that you were alive, you were okay, that Din was here with you, that Grogu was safe,
that you were all going to be fine.

"Okay. I promise." You whispered as your arms slid from his helmet to his shoulders, closed
around him, and Din slowly relaxed into your touch.

You stayed there for a moment longer, waiting and letting both of your bodies and minds
settle. The cries of victory around you had begun to quiet, and soon you could hear boots
beginning to march past you towards the burnt wreckage to look for enemy survivors. You
opened your eyes as Din lifted off of you, rocking back to kneel between your legs. Carefully,
you followed his motion, raising yourself off the brittle ground and wincing at the headache
that throbbed as you sat up.

Din’s gaze went past you, and you followed his gaze to where two other Mandos assisted the
Mando who had activated the grenade in standing. One of her arms was slung over another’s
shoulder, the other visible with a blaster wound. Yet she took a moment to make them pause,
to let her gaze linger on you for what seemed like a heartbeat too long. Then, as if reverently,
she nodded in your direction, and you blinked at the silent but meaningful recognition. With a
pat she signaled the one helping her to continue, and together they hobbled away.

“You.”

You whipped your head towards the source of the sound, feeling your vision tilt for a moment
at the motion. Yet the call wasn’t for you, hissed and furious with righteous anger. Instead,
you watched as a familiar blue beskar figure marched over towards the side of the burnt
turret, and in the hazy smoke that had begun to clear you watched as Paz used his good arm
to raise a lean figure off the ground, his entire body radiating violence.

“Child slayer.” He spat, and if the words could suck the life force out of the person he held,
you had no doubt they’d fall limp in his grip before he could finish uttering the sound. Your
shoulders tensed at the accusation, mind flashing back to his words about the origin of this
disaster, of how the Covert had been attacked, and in defending themselves had lost one of
their foundlings to the Black Sun. Now, Paz held that criminal within his grip, fist closed
tightly around the front of their shirt as they hovered several inches off the ground.



Before the person could respond you watched Paz take a step backwards, turn, and hurl them
to the ground. There they grunted weakly, but now that they were closer you could see the
green skin and unique features of the Falleen Black Sun leader come into focus through the
smoky haze. She seemed severely injured, her clothes still singed and smoking, torn in places
from being too close to the explosion. No doubt she had been on or near the turret when it
had exploded, body tossed and turned within the flames. In an attempt to raise herself off the
ground, the woman’s eyes flicked upwards, stopping when they met yours.

Her snarl at you was cut short when Paz strode forward once more, using his foot to turn her
over onto her back. She sneered up at him even as he withdrew his blaster.

“You. You’re the one who killed our foundling! I know your face now!” He boomed, and you
couldn’t help but shrink at the full force of Paz’s voice, thunderous and enraged. “I saw you
turn your blaster on him, scum.”

It was only then that the Faleen’s face flickered with fear, her hands coming to grasp the boot
that stayed atop her chest and forced the breath from her lungs.

“N-no, I-“ She tried, but Paz pressed down, and the remainder of her speech tapered off with
a wheeze.

Din was up on his feet in a heartbeat, taking a single step towards his Vod. Paz’s eyes shot to
Din before he could speak, reading his thoughts as only a brother could.

“If this was your foundling-“ The older warrior spat at the other Mandalorian. “If she had
killed the child, would you show mercy?”

Din faltered, but then you saw him drop his arms in a silent acknowledgement and let his
eyes train on the face of the Black Sun Leader.

The Falleen seemed to realize that Din would not aid her, and her eyes grew wide as she
stared back up at Paz, mouth opening and closing fruitlessly as she tried to summon a barter
for her life.

Even as the other Mandalorians closed ranks around Paz, watched in silence as he aimed his
pistol between the Black Sun leader’s eyes, Paz didn’t falter. Nor did he make a grand show,
letting his booming voice roll from deep within his chest. No, Paz was simple in that he
clicked the safety off the blaster, his fist clenching at his side and his shoulders trembling in
righteous rage.

“Those who kill children don’t deserve an honorable death.”

You closed your eyes and looked away as the Falleen woman’s voice rose for all of a second
before being cut off by the ringing out of a blaster bolt.

You didn’t look back in the silence that followed, only opening your eyes again when Paz
finally raised his voice, letting it ring forth and upwards into the ceiling, echoing into the
oncoming dawn.



“Oya!”

“Oya!” The Mandos around him echoed with a great cheer, quickly dissolving into cries of
exultation and victory. Yet in your chest it felt bittersweet, the product of several casualties
from the Mandos in the Covert’s ranks, and beyond that, the smile of a child that you’d never
get to see.

Din turned back to you, and you lifted your eyes to him as he stood over you, offering a hand
to help you stand. You smiled up at him, finally letting your shoulders droop and muscles
unwind now that the battle was well and truly over, now that you could return home to the
Razorcrest with Grogu, safe and whole once more. At least now, you were together once
more.

You used his grip to rock to a stand, only to find the ground sway beneath you severely. For a
moment you thought the ground had been rocked by another explosion, but instead this time
there was no sound except you falling to your knees in a daze.

"Cuyan!" Din hissed, immediately following you to the floor, where he kneeled beside you,
one hand bracing your back. You felt the world spin for a moment, settling only after you had
centered yourself with a hand to the floor.

"I-I'm alright." You managed, voice cracked and casting Din a slightly embarrassed look.
"I'm pretty dizzy, I think I might have hit my head."

Really it was more than that, it was pouring every ounce of your being into the fight after just
having survived the previous one, after barely getting any rest following a grueling day or
clawing your way back to the surface from the bowels of Coruscant, of even before then
having fought with barely any sleep for days prior.

You were spent.

There wasn't an ounce of energy left within you and having finally acknowledged that fact,
your body had succumbed to the bone breaking fatigue left behind. Your legs couldn't carry
you a step further, something that made you feel a little chagrin to admit.

"Sorry Din." You offered with a conciliatory smile. "I-I...don't think I can stand."

Yet even if you could, your body would refuse to stay upright for long, because even now you
could feel a heavy, oppressive presence of sleep, of rest now that you were safe, beckon for
you. Despite your vain attempts to ignore it, it called to you with the imminent whisper of true
rest, of surrendering completely and totally now that you were safe. The velvet touch of
slumber reached to embrace you, and you found that you went willingly.

"In fact...I'm...I'm going to rest now if that's okay. I'm fine, I'm not hurt, I just...really need to
sleep." You spoke, voice softer now, eyelids growing heavy. The muscles in your body
automatically began to loosen, and you found yourself leaning into Din’s hand at your back,
head lolling to the side and soon being braced against his chest plate.



Din nodded, and the hand at your back unfurled as he realized you weren't in any danger,
that you were here, with him, but drifting away for only a little bit before you came back to
him.

"Will you be here when I wake up?" You asked, and a flash of wakefulness washed over you
as you tried to keep your eyes open long enough for him to answer. The thought that he would
once again be gone when you did ease back into wakefulness haunted you, but Din’s gentle
voice spoke, erasing your fears and lulling you to sleep.

"I'll try my best." He replied softly. "But if I'm not, I promise you- "

"No matter what, if you call for me, I'll come.”

Chapter End Notes

IT'S DONNNNEEEE!!

Good lord. This chapter took me an extra two days because, as you can see, it is
MASSIVE. I didn't know it would get this long, really. It was supposed to be like...6k?
and its 8.2k?? Don't look at me

In any case, this isn't exactlyyy?? The end of the Coruscant Arc??? I've got one more
surprise chapter from Din's POV , and then we have several fun little interludes with
Covert shenanigans, Big bro Paz, a secret revealed chapter, and maybe (just maybe) a
kissu (*/ω＼*)

I know, I know, I've made you all wait way too long for that. Thank you for being
patient.

From here on out update schedule is going to be pretty wonky. I can no longer commit
to weekly updates. I think I'll try and aim for twice a month, but I can't guarantee when
exactly that will be. Don't fear though, because the rest of the story is plotted out, and
just needs to be written. I've got large scenes already done so far, it's just a matter of
connecting them.

Thank you for joining me for the Coruscant Arc! I hope this lived up to expectations and
that you enjoyed these chapters even more than I did writing them. It's been such a
pleasure to see how Cuyan has really come into her own in this arc, how she's become
much braver and more sure of herself, how she's finally settled into her feelings for Din,
how her relationship with Grogu has improved, and how she's finally getting that
warrior spirit that I truly envision for her. Though I write a lot of Cuyan's reactions from
my perspective, she's really become her own strong character in this, and I hope that a
lot of you can relate to her instinct for survival along with her kind heart and
courageousness.



Thank you so much for continuing to follow this fic, for all your lovely comments and
kudos, and for staying with me on this incredible crazy journey it has been writing this
series. Thank you!

I'll see you in the next arc: The Prisoner



Chapter 32: Part Thirty Two: Realization
Chapter Summary

You were alive. You were alive, whole, and though you had not escaped from the ordeal
unscathed, you had clawed your way back to Din, fighting tooth and nail to survive. Din
would have been impressed if he wasn't struck by the strength sapping relief of your
expression slackening into slumber, lips barely apart with the softest of breaths as you
dozed.

For a moment Din was struck by how your now peaceful face contrasted with the
ferocious determination, the fear and the bravery that so often held your expression. The
beauty of your suddenly vulnerable visage startled him in some ways, strange to him
and yet not unwelcome by any means. With several strands of hair falling into your face,
eyes still and body completely limp in his hold, the urge to hold you closer, to never let
you go again seemed to overwhelm him, and Din was held fast by the force of it.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Din watched as your eyes lowered peacefully, fluttering shut in a beautiful, blissful slumber.
Your breathing began to even out, head drooping as you finally gave into the insistent grasp
of sleep after your ordeal. With your body slack, Din let his arms cradle you against his chest
plate, shoulders scrunched up near your face, arms limp on your side and legs splayed out
past his lap.

Din had forgotten how many days it had been since you had been taken, but he was sure that
it was close to a full week. Nearly seven days. Seven days of longing of desperation, of
hoping and praying against all odds that somehow, you had made it through unscathed. The
persistent clench in his chest even now had yet to completely abate, clinging tight to his ribs
and restricting the breath of relief held there.

All that time Din had struggled to focus on what he thought was Paz's dying wish, to save the
covert, to destroy the Black Sun, to make a place for them in a galaxy that had tried to steal
everything from them. All the while Din could feel his chest seize at the thought of you and
the child somewhere, waiting for him. In his mind you were exhausted, pursued, weak with
hunger and fatigue while trying to keep you and the toddler alive.

In the darkness of the Coruscant night, when the neon lights of the underground glittered like
strange constellations, the image of your despairing face haunted him. Despite his efforts,
Din hadn't slept for more than a few hours each night, and each blink of sleep had been
cursed with images of you calling for him, obscured by an ominous shadow that dimmed the
light of fight in your eyes.



When dawn came, it was only the work of routing the disjointed Black Sun forces that kept
him occupied. Each breath was spent trying to navigate the underground with the other
warriors or being bent over a map trying to pinpoint the enemy forces and drive them from
the area surrounding the covert. It was only the instinctive, muscle memory driven pursuit of
battle that kept Din on his feet, ever moving, thinking, planning. Yet in the still moments,
where he paced an alley or gazed down from a rooftop, he almost swore he saw you dart
around a corner, so deep was his imagination. Chasing your image was fruitless and resulted
in little else than his own empty heart.

Yet now, here, held in his embrace, Din could finally feel a part of himself sink down from
the sky and settle deep into his soul once more as if grounded by the gravity of your weight
in his arms. The fear, the anger, the desperation seemed to fall from him like a shroud, and in
its place Din could feel the weight of it replaced by the overwhelming feeling of relief, of
gratitude to the stars and to the heavens that you and the child were safe, whole, with him
once more.

Though the remaining Mandalorian forces milled around in the aftermath of the battle, for a
moment they were beyond Din's perception. For what mattered to him now was you, here,
tucked so that your sleeping head lolled against his chest plate in well-deserved rest.

You were alive. You were alive, whole, and though you had not escaped from the ordeal
unscathed, you had clawed your way back to Din, fighting tooth and nail to survive. Din
would have been impressed if he wasn't struck by the strength sapping relief of your
expression slackening into slumber, lips barely apart with the softest of breaths as you dozed.

For a moment Din was struck by how your now peaceful face contrasted with the ferocious
determination, the fear and the bravery that so often held your expression. The beauty of your
suddenly vulnerable visage startled him in some ways, strange to him and yet not unwelcome
by any means. With several strands of hair falling into your face, eyes still and body
completely limp in his hold, the urge to hold you closer, to never let you go again seemed to
overwhelm him, and Din was held fast by the force of it.

A small whine echoed in front of him, and Din's sudden fixation on your sleeping face was
interrupted by the child toddling away from the Mandalorian medic who had watched over
him in the battle, one who was now focused on the incoming injured. The child scampered
over quickly, making a small sound of distress as he reached Din's kneeling figure with you
still in his arms. Plaintively, he placed a small hand on your form, upturning wide worried
eyes to the Mando before him.

"It's okay." Din replied, voice quiet, afraid to wake you. "She's just sleeping."

Din swore he almost felt the relief roll off the figure of the little one in front of him, like a
stone dropped into a still pool of water. It was a small reminder of the child's strange abilities,
able to touch the parts of Din that weren't physical, somehow extending himself in a way that
the Mando couldn't understand.

You shifted slightly in your sleep, as if too sensing the odd ripple from the child. Din was
reminded once again of the strange bond you and his charge shared, something that lay
beyond his understanding. It begged many questions, all of which Din had no means to



answer. How the child knew your name, how you both and he had come to be in this exact
place at the exact time that he and the other Mandos had attacked, somehow reuniting you, all
felt beyond his comprehension. If he tried to grasp it, to reach out and seek the answer, his
only reply would be a soft mist slipping through his fingers, just barely out of reach.

Yet at the same time, it was...strangely captivating. There were those that believed that such
events happened for a reason, that it was indeed the galaxy at work, pulling the invisible
silver tethers that connected the stars. Din did not consider himself to be one of those people.
To think that some great unknowable force connected events in such a way was a luxury that
those struggling to survive in the aftermath of the Empire could not afford. It was wishful
thinking, one reserved only for those who did not have the strength to fight by their own
accord, who needed something greater to carry them through.

And yet...

It seemed that with every new step in this journey that he had untaken with the child, with
you, that...that belief had slowly begun to crumble at the edges.

It was the same with you as well. It seemed that every time Din had finally begun to
understand you, had grasped the person that you were, that you surprised him once more. On
the waystation he had been taken aback by your fierce defense of the child, with your body
curled around him even as a blaster pressed against your scalp. After, on the desolate moon
you three had taken refuge on, he had seen the vulnerability as you confessed your past,
seeking answers to the universe that Din had in some ways sought out as well. On Hypori
your attempts to aid him, to stumble past the Razorcrest’s ramp despite teetering on death's
door had shaken him to the core, unexpected in that anyone would go so far for him.

More than anything, Din could not forget the blaze in your eyes as you faced down the
Clawdite on Rishi, as if the brilliant flame there could burn away the infinite darkness
between suns.

Now, to see how you had managed to again survive despite the impossible odds, made the air
in Din's chest stutter. No longer could he reconcile the image of your form hurling the armed
grenade in a gravity defying arc with the image of your scared, despairing face upon being
discovered in the Razorcrest's hold after your escape on Kadak.

Ever evolving, Din refused to take his eyes away from the radiance of it all, the enthralling
unfolding of this persona you had grown into with every step of your journey. He had never
seen anything quite like it, almost like watching the collection of wandering cosmic dust and
nebulae condense, collect to form the birth of a new star.

Strange, unexpected, captivating, mysterious, and yet between it all...beautiful. Yet Din knew
that somehow, this was only the beginning of your journey, that you would continue to defy
the odds and show him this person you would continue to be, to change into; and Din...

Din expected nothing less.

The child before him grunted as he managed to haul himself up, tugging on your clothes to
maneuver himself into your lap. As Din watched, the small green toddler observed your face



for a few moments, as if to reassure himself you truly were only asleep. He leaned forward,
bracing himself as he ever so gently put his hand on your face in typical fashion. The sight
made a small smile appear under Din’s helmet. Then, gently, the child lowered himself so
that he lay down across your front, ears drooping in fatigue as he settled himself.

"Sleep well, kid." Din smiled, and he could hear a final, mumbled coo in response before the
child stilled, curled onto your stomach.

For a moment that nightmare, that specter of the child, of you, laying prone in the vast
underworld of Coruscant, so far beyond his reach, surfaced again within the depths of his
mind. Like a dark shadow, the reminder that he had almost lost the both of you, that he could
have never seen either of you again made his shoulders tighten, his jaw clench. His gentle
touch around your shoulders fisted into your sleeves, knuckles white with a fierceness
previously unknown to him. Behind his visor, Din's shaded eyes flashed dangerously with the
urge to fight, to defend, to protect the two of you with everything he had.

The image brought forth a relentless protectiveness that prowled across Din's thoughts,
unwittingly tightening his hold on you both. Din felt his chest constrict, that same responsive
anger rising in defense, in the Mandalorian instinct to protect, to defend. Like a loth-wolf,
Din could feel a growl surface within him, as if daring the stars themselves to try and take
you both from him once more.

He was never going to let you go again. Of that, he swore.

"Djarin?"

Din looked up, jarred from his thoughts by the voice above him. There Paz stood, helmet
tilted to observe the trio below him. The older warrior still had a hand braced on his side,
where a fresh bandage hid his torn flight suit. A mild patch of red still remained under his
hand, but Paz seemed to pay it little mind, focused instead on the sight before him. Din could
see his visor shift to observe the two asleep in his arms, where he huffed an almost inaudible
laugh.

"Sleeping?" He inquired, voice dipping as if it would be a discourtesy to intrude upon your
restful dreams, and Din nodded in reply. "They deserve it."

Din couldn't help the small smile that crossed his lips, hidden underneath his helmet.
Wordlessly, he shifted the two resting creatures in his arms so that the child balanced,
sprawled, across your front, and his arms cradled your shoulders and dipped beneath your
legs so he could carry you. With a small grunt, he stood, taking you both with him. Your head
lolled gently against his chest, and for a moment he felt a warm wash of affection at your
delicate but vulnerable state.

"Here-" Paz offered, extending an arm, only to halt at Din's sudden glare from behind his
helmet. Instantly the younger warrior felt his body radiate tension, feet shifting wide to dart
back if need be, almost like a skittish animal. Din felt a guardedness, a trace of hostility
broiling under his skin, pointing his gaze at Paz as if he dared the other Mando to take
another single step forward.



The older Mando looked almost sheepish for a moment, realizing his mistake in trying to take
you both out of Din's arms so soon after your reunion. The Mandalorian instinct to protect
one's clan, to defend one's own simmered deep in Din's chest, and Paz seemed to recognize
that in Din's sudden tight grip on your sleeping form. The arm that had automatically
extended retracted quickly, which in turn was met by Din's softening stance, knowing that no
one would be able to force you from his hold just yet.

Yet with Paz now here, Din's mind began to fog with questions once more. How was he
alive? On top of that, to be standing, to be able to fight despite the injuries Din had seen on
him last was something that defied all possibility. Din had grieved for his Vod as much as he
had wished you were with him once more for all those days you had been gone. Yet against
all possibility, you two had found each other, had recovered your wounds and fought your
way to safety. The fact alone that somehow, in the vast immeasurable depth of the Coruscant
underworld, you and Paz had managed to find and ally yourself seemed like nothing less than
some sort of divine cosmic chance.

Though, knowing you, it was entirely possible.

Paz trailed at Din's side as he walked through the wreckage of the battlefield. Din felt himself
relax with the steady presence of his Vod at his side. Rivals though they were, they were
together honor bound by creed. Despite the fact that Din and the older warrior had their
differences, that they butted heads on more than one occasion, that they had even come to
blows in one of their recent exchanges, Din could feel himself slacken with the knowledge
that he trusted his comrade with his life. Now, in the aftermath of all that had occurred, he
could trust him with his tiny clan as well.

Paz lingered as they walked, taking his time in checking in with other Mandalorians, making
sure that the injured were accounted for, reassuring younger warriors that had yet to see
action of this kind since the escape from Nevarro. Din waited for him each time, trying not to
mind the ache in his arms and shoulders from carrying your form. You and the child seemed
to not mind the rocking step of Din’s gait, perfectly content to snooze away in his arms.
Fortunately, Paz ensured his interactions were brief, promising to speak at length once the
Covert had safely arrived back at their compound.

After he was done, Din led the way past the broken murals, the carved fallen columns, the
cracked tile, out into the brimming dawn. A soft pink haze pierced the underbelly of the
Ecumenopolis, whispering the image of a rose-colored horizon out beyond the skyline of the
central district.

Din had landed the Razorcrest a ways away from the battlefield, not wishing to let the sound
of the engines alert the Black Sun of the incoming battle. Those who were able lifted off on
jetpacks, hovering for a moment in air before setting their sights beyond the shanty rooftops
and taller buildings reflecting the scant light of sunrise, back towards the compound.

Those too injured to fly had already begun to gather at the ship, where they had erected a
small triage of tending to those laid flat by the turret, those knocked unconscious, and the
ones too broken to stand. Din had no doubt they would all recover, knowing the warriors of
his Covert to not shy at pain, to embrace it as an existent part of their battle-worn culture. Yet



the sight of his comrades in varying states of injury and pain unsettled him, made him grip
your body a little closer. If somehow, that had been you…

He shook his head free of the thought, instead turning his attention to striding forward with
purpose, intent on the inside of the Razorcrest’s hold.

Upon his arrival to the landing platform, those present looked up at Din, or rather, the
sleeping forms in his arms. Din could feel their helmeted stares as he paced past them,
shielded eyes appraising, considering, passing silent judgement on Din, on the child in his
arms, on his tiny clan that had been through so much. Yet Din ignored them, gaze intent on
his empty bunk. His boots thudded heavy against the metal grate of the cargo bay, stopping at
the edge of the mat where he had lain to rest many times. There, he paused, realizing there
was no way he could lower you down onto the mat without disturbing the child curled on
your chest.

"Here."

Din craned his head, eyes coming to rest on the familiar figure of the warrior who had first
attempted to throw the grenade at the turret. She stood a step behind Din, voice soft as she
held out her arms expectantly to temporarily relieve him of the child. Slowly, cautiously, she
reached forward and took the child with gloved hands, careful not to wake him. Din made no
effort to stop her but stood rigid and still as she lifted the sleeping toddler from your form, for
a moment cradling him against her own chest plate.

Din turned his attention to you once more, lowering himself so that he could scoot into the
narrow space and lay you down gently against the mat. You shifted slightly as he did so, and
for a moment your eyes fluttered open at the sudden movement, hazy gaze resting on Din's
visor. Din could see the vague light of awareness flicker back into your eyes, a question half-
forming on your lips.

He paused for a moment, feeling a part of him stir at your gentle sleep laden eyes and slightly
parted lips. Mouth suddenly dry, he swallowed once before murmuring:

"Sleep, Cuyan. You're safe."

That seemed to satisfy you, as your eyes slid shut once more and muscles grew pliant so Din
could detach himself. With your arms then gently cradled by your head, body on your side,
Din withdrew quietly so as to not disturb you further.

Then he turned to the female Mandalorian that held the small but prodigal child against her
form, holding out with waiting hands and expectant breath. Softly, the child was returned to
him, and then reunited with the one who had kept him safe for all the time that Din could not,
nestled against your stomach as you both sank further into the embrace of slumber.

Again, Din was struck by the sudden fierceness in his chest, enough so that it briefly stole his
breath away from him. The sight of you two nestled against each other, safe within the arms
of sleep, drew forth an almost primal urge in him to defend, to protect, to keep safe at all
costs. He was nearly startled with the force of it, stirring heavy in his veins and winding the
sinew of his muscles tight within its grasp.



"Din." A heavy hand landed on his pauldron, shaking Din from the reverie he had trapped
himself within. A glance to the side proved that Paz had returned from his discussions with
those injured. Din could see a quiet resignation in the way Paz’s shoulders were set, the
slouch there born of a grief, an acceptance for that which was lost. Din felt a hardness form in
his throat, gaze sliding back over to your forms within the bunk.

"How many?" Din asked quietly, his voice dipping low more out of reverence for those
inquired than to not rouse you.

Paz stilled for a moment, as if he too was calculating, assessing, grieving. At last, he let out a
low sigh, voice nearly tinged on a growl.

"Four." He replied at last.

Four warriors. They had lost four warriors during the raid. Each a life snuffed out by the blast
of the turret, or perhaps the lucky shot of a Black Sun member catching past the beskar shield
they wore. Now their bodies lay among the rubble, to be carried back and honored for their
sacrifice.

Din grimaced under his helmet, jaw set hard. It was the most that the Covert had lost since
the raid on Nevarro. Four warriors from a barely surviving creed now lay somewhere beyond
the stars, having given their lives for their clan, and now reaping their celestial reward. It was
a blow just as devastating as losing the foundling slain by the Black Sun leader’s hand, for as
much as the future was important to the covert, so too was the experience, the history of its
warriors.

"It would have been more, if not for her." Paz spoke, following Din's gaze to your sleeping
form. For a moment, his gaze rested there, holding something still in his chest reserved only
for himself. Then he sighed, the hand on Din’s pauldron curling. "If she were Mandalorian,
her actions would have earned her jaig eyes on her armor."

Din looked at him then, truly. With his gaze now fully on his Vod, it became apparent that
there was something more to Paz’s words, a connection forged there in Din’s absence. The
truth of it made Din’s eyes flash in recognition, hackles rising territorially as he understood
the other warrior’s intentions.

Paz's eyes remained on your form, as if almost blatantly ignoring Din's inquiring stare. Yet
the hidden meaning in Paz's words did not escape Din's notice.

"If she were Mandalorian..."

Din felt something flutter in his chest, and he almost put a gloved hand there to quiet it. The
thought excited him, strangely. There was something about the thought of you adopting the
creed, of swearing the Resol'nare and being taken in by the Covert that made a spark of
electricity run along his skin, cheeks warm at the thought. To share that culture with you, for
your bond to be cemented in something other than experience and circumstance made an
ardent desire bloom in his veins, longing for the connection, the possibilities of that thought.

"Perhaps." He found himself mutter back, mouth dry with the word



Then, as Din watched, Paz turned to face him, dropping the amicable hand from Din's
pauldron and trying to stand his full height despite his injuries. Din blinked in surprise at
Paz's sudden change in attitude, almost as if he was once again challenging Din to stand
against him. Yet automatically Din rose in return, never one to be cowed by Paz’s superior
height and weight. Under his helmet his eyes narrowed, meeting Paz’s gaze head on.

"I mean it, Djarin." Paz dropped Din's first name once more, and just like that, they were
once again rivals, the brotherly reassurance falling away with an uneasy shudder.

"I know you have feelings for her, but if you don't act on them, I may be inclined to pursue
her myself."

Din had pressed himself up against Paz's chest without fully processing Paz's words, a growl
low in his throat at the threat of someone else staking a claim on you. Paz merely regarded
him, head tilted downwards to observe his Vod almost nonchalantly.

Din was at a loss for words, anger and defensiveness the only emotions he could summon to
Paz's remark. Yet there was an uncertainty there, one he wouldn't admit to. Having yet to
understand his feelings towards you, he couldn't necessarily object to Paz's words.

Paz seemed to realize this as well, and Din swore he could almost see the smirk under the
older warrior's helmet.

"That is...unless you decide to act first, Vod." The last words were emphasized with an almost
taunting lilt. Din felt his entire body radiate tension, coiling like a viper ready to strike. Yet
again, words failed him, a silent snarl threatening to overtake his features.

Paz let out an almost imperceptible huff, and Din could hear the smile behind it. Yet just as
quickly as Paz had caused himself to tower over Din, he relented and stepped away. As Din
watched he walked outside to help escort the remaining wounded into the ship, settling them
down anywhere Din had space in the cargo hold. Those present had begun to look less at Din
and more amongst themselves, hands reaching out to reassure those barely clinging to
consciousness, to aid in settling down those too broken to stand.

Eventually, when it appeared all were aboard, Paz hit the lever for the hatch, nodding back at
the ship's captain and pilot. Din didn’t offer a return nod, merely holding the other warrior's
gaze for a heavy, angered moment before turning to ascend the ladder to the cockpit. Before
he did, he cast one final, lingering glance at you and Grogu, at his tiny clan, before removing
himself from the hold.

Paz remained below with the others, leaving Din alone in the cockpit with his thoughts. As he
lifted the Razorcrest off the platform, angling it back in the direction of the Covert's
compound, his mind began to churn much like the steady rhythm of the ship's engines.

Paz's remark had unsettled him, angered him, and the knowledge of that alone sat heavy in
his bones. The thought that you, after all of your travels with Din, the events you two had
gone through together, would be swayed by someone else’s affections made his chest seize.



He didn't blame Paz for his interest in you. After all, you were quite something to behold.
With your quiet but dazzling beauty, your ferocity in protecting yourself and the toddler in
your care, the empathy to refuse in leaving anyone behind, and your warm but gracious smile
were all things that made that odd flutter rise in Din's chest once more.

Yet for Paz to voice an interest in that, to voice that in front of Din so soon after you had
reunited with him was less a remark and more a challenge. It was one Din automatically rose
to but in some ways didn't understand the repercussions of.

Yet the image of you on Paz’s arm, of holding his hand with the same delicate care you
extended to him in Din’s moments of vulnerability seemed to suck the warmth from his skin,
cold and empty like the void of space.

Din's intentions eluded even himself. It wasn't as if he was wanting for time to act on his
feelings towards you, he had plenty of chances prior to arriving on Coruscant. You didn't
seem unreceptive either, judging by how you had slowly let down your guard around him,
and had come to trust him with as much as your life.

That anxiety, the nervousness you had upon your first meeting had ebbed over the weeks you
two had been together, spending nearly every waking moment in each other’s presence. Din
had slowly grown accustomed to it, from your early, quiet attempts at conversation to more
recently, your blatant efforts in seeking him for comfort from your own fears.

The flash of your form tucked against his chest in the dark of night, of your gentle and quiet
snores echoing in the velvet midnight of Coruscant, of his hand guiding yours through the
Covert entrance resounded quietly in his thoughts. With it came the memory of your teary
eyes gazing up at him, lit by the starlight outside of the Razorcrest's cockpit, asking what you
had done to earn his quiet rejection of you.

"I was afraid." He had said then.

Afraid, yet of what?

Yet even now, that fear still lingered. Din had rarely been afraid of much in his life, but for
some reason the thought that if he spoke his feelings into words, that if he tried to advance
upon you, to reach out and touch that part of you that sang with him, that you yourself would
shatter like something beautiful but fragile. The feeling of never being able to act, to let those
feelings mount but eventually die away, that Din could ignore. Yet the thought that had he
confessed to you, that you in turn did not have the same feelings, that thought tore at Din
from the inside out.

It wasn't the rejection alone. It was the thought that somehow, by trying to find a piece of
himself within you, only for you to keep him away, that he would ruin everything. Nothing
would be the same. Those quiet conversations in the shadows of the Razorcrest’s hold, the
fleeting touches that spoke silently of something more, the shared gazes that said words that
could not be spoken, those strange and yet warm encounters between you both would be
soiled by Din's selfishness, the need to have you meet him halfway down this path both of
you tread.



Even then, Din didn't have a name for the emotions tied within him. It was almost as if
putting titles to them somehow soured their meanings. And yet...

They remained.

It was the urge to protect you as much as it was to fight alongside you, to keep you beside
him during his travels and abate the emptiness within the cold hull of the ship, to retain those
quiet midnight conversations deigned only for you and him.

He wanted to be with you, beside you, at your side. He wanted you to abandon the idea of
finding a quiet core world to settle upon, alone but alive. He wanted you to stay, to never
leave again. He wanted to see this marvelous and endlessly fascinating person you were
evolving into, to keep with him the image of your form standing amongst the flowers on
Rishi with the breeze ruffling the hem of your clothes, of your arm arched gracefully
throwing the grenade at the towering tank that rained hellfire down on your both.

He wanted you.

It was then that he finally comprehended the odd feelings within his chest, the fascination of
your personal evolution, the captivity of your quiet but brilliant beauty, the awe of the
determined blaze within your eyes. Much like witnessing the cosmic birth of a star within
your own evolution, the realization of Din’s own emotions burst like a supernova, painting
the background of the galaxy with dazzling, ethereal colors.

He had been right. He couldn't look away. Now he knew the reason.

It was....almost as if he loved you.

Chapter End Notes

Hey bitch, bet you saw the last of me~

lol jk, It's ya girl Sprout. Sorry for the lack of updates, I'm finally settled into my new
digs at Grad school and am getting my schedule under control. I've been meaning to
write this chapter for weeks, it's only recently that I've managed to get everything in
order and have the time to write it. So congrats to me, and congrats to Din for not being
a block head anymore and realizing his feelings! We love to see it.

I wanted to give you guys a very soft chapter on top of a Din POV since I've been
depriving you all for so long. Hopefully this hit the spot!

Also shout-out to BunniesofSteel, who beta read this draft of mine and upon me asking
if the meat/broth of the story soup was ok responded with "YES, MEAT BROTH
GOOD! MEAT BROTH VERY GOOD!"

Hopefully y'all enjoy the soup too. See you in the next update!






Chapter 33: Part Thirty Three: The Rematch
Chapter Summary

"Do you really not know?" She asked, surprise now evident in her voice. When you
shook your head she regarded you, a huff of disbelief sounding from under her helmet.

A loud clang rang out as Din threw his head forward under Paz’s grip, connecting his
helmet with Paz’s in a Keldabe strike.

"Paz said if Djarin didn't make a move on you, he'd court you."

Gaze shooting back to the Mando beside you, you blinked at her, and distantly you
could hear the faint, tinny sound of your brain trying to process the information she had
just given you.

"He…WHAT?!"

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"Oof!"

You blinked dazedly as you once again found yourself staring back up at the ceiling of the
warehouse, the makeshift practice mat pressed up against your back, arms sprawled on either
side of your body. Chest heaving, mouth agape with surprise and an effort to catch your
breath, you watched as the helmet of your sparring partner hovered far above you.

"Had enough already?"

You blinked in a daze, chest tight as your thoughts raced in an attempt to catch up with your
body.

It had been several days since you had woken back up in the covert. According to Din, you
had slept for nearly a full cycle, completely and utterly spent. How you were still standing by
the time you had wandered into the ruins was beyond him. You don't remember collapsing
into his arms after the ultimate battle, much less being carried back to the safety of the
Razorcrest, where you had remained with him and Grogu for the next standard rotation.

When you finally awoke, curled on Din's bed inside the ship, Grogu snoozing against your
stomach, it had taken a moment to orient yourself. For a heartbeat you feared you were still
on the streets, having collapsed after pushing yourself for so long and falling into an almost
catatonic sleep. Worse yet, you were afraid that, somehow, you had been found by the Black



Sun during your slumber and had been taken back to a hideout to await whatever fearsome
fate lay for you there.

Yet then you felt the coarse, worn fabric of one of the blankets from your own small bed
behind the cockpit, heard the snores of the child beside you, and smelled the familiar scent of
carbon scoring, weapon oil, and carbonite residue that belonged to the Razorcrest's hull.
Comforted by the familiar safety of the ship, you had crept from the bunk, only to discover
Din dozing just beyond, head tucked against his chest and back leaned up against the
bulkhead at the foot of the cot.

Even now the sight filled you with a warmth beyond words, awash in the deep-seated
affection you held for the Mando, in how he refused to leave your side even as you slept. You
had been touched deeply, but not enough to ignore the growl of your stomach after having not
eaten for close to a cycle. After you had reluctantly left for the kitchens, Din had found you
there, nearly frantic at your absence. Though you couldn't see his face, it was evident alone
from his body language upon finally finding you in the kitchens, as he stood stiffly in the
curtained entryway, that he was terrified at finding you missing again.

Even now he waited just beyond your sight, silently observing your instruction from the
female Mandalorian you had saved during the battle. Leaned up against the wall, arms
crossed, the dim overhead lights of the warehouse glinted dark against his visor.

You blinked a few more times, finally shaking your head to clear your unfocused thoughts.
You gave the female Mandalorian, Hana, a grin, eyes flashing as you summoned the answer
to her question.

"Not yet."

You could hear her huff a half-laugh, coming around to your front and extending a gloved
hand to assist you to your feet. You took it gladly, swaying for a moment upon standing
before finding your balance once more. Shooting your new friend a quick smile of thanks,
you rolled your shoulders a few times before once again settling into a defensive position as
she took her stance.

Hana had been one of the first to approach you after your stunt with the grenade. Apparently
your heroics had earned you a decent amount of respect from certain members of the Covert,
who admired your bravery. The muttered remarks and snide laughter that had whispered past
you before your capture had vanished seemingly overnight, replaced by polite nods and a
quiet acceptance of you into the Covert’s fold. You had been somewhat surprised by it at first,
a little taken aback by how quickly the consensus on your presence had changed. Yet then
you realized that your single act, of saving one of their own in the heat of battle, had spoken
volumes to the Mandalorians, and had earned you a silent respect from the warriors.

It helped that Paz had begun to show you a considerable amount of favor as well. Though the
alor had been prickly towards you in the beginning, your journey together through the
underworld had replaced that trepidation with a familiar companionship, a relationship built
on respect and trust at having saved each other’s lives over and over again.



You often found your well-being inquired after by the older warrior, asking if you had
enough sleep, if you had eaten well, if you were recovering quickly from your ordeal. More
than once, you had found yourself accompanied as you roamed the compound, at mealtimes,
or simply tending Grogu. Though Paz's presence was certainly welcome, it surprised you
with the sudden frequency of his visits to you. It was almost as if his company was something
beyond friendship, an attention given only to you.

Din had noticed as well, and if he had hardly let you out of his sight before, he now remained
practically glued to your side at all hours. You could hardly breathe, eat, or sleep without Din
being nearby. In the beginning you didn't mind at all, happy to quietly be in his comforting
presence after having been away from his side for so long. After a few days, however, it had
begun to get a little stifling. Hell, you couldn't even use the communal showers without Din
respectfully waiting outside somewhere nearby.

That wasn't to mention whatever was going on between him and Paz. Though Din was never
more than a few steps away from you, Paz had only doubled his efforts to talk to you, to have
a conversation, to crowd into a table with you, Din and Grogu during mealtime, much to
Din's chagrin. At one point Paz regaled you with a tale of Din trying a jetpack for the first
time, a story which nearly had you in tears of laughter with Paz's natural affinity for
storytelling. Yet then you looked across the table to see Din grasping his mug with something
beyond a death-grip, emanating a silent violence in Paz's direction.

It was almost as if they were purposefully antagonizing each other over something, and
somehow you had found yourself caught in the middle.

Now, your eyes flickered over to the Mando leaning on the wall, simultaneously keeping one
eye on you, and the other on Grogu, who was playing with Umos and the other Covert
children.

"You ready, Cuyan?"

Your gaze focused back on Hana in front of you, stance prepared and ready to launch
forward. The female Mandalorian had taken it upon herself to repay her self-proclaimed debt
to you by teaching you basic self-defense skills, a lesson that you were quickly learning could
be quite painful.

Still, despite your winded and sore muscles, you nodded at her, signaling for her to begin her
attack. Without any preamble the deadly huntress launched at you in full force, holding
nothing back with her relentless assault.

To your credit, you managed to block her first few blows, using the width of your forearm to
hold back her strikes as she had taught you. Trying to put distance between yourself and your
attacker, you kept your hands close to shield your face, eyes moving quickly in anticipation
of her attacks. Hana’s barrage had little room for counter attack, her offense overwhelming.
Yet you managed to hold her back, having grown accustomed to her full-fledged assault.
Your mistake quickly became apparent, however, when you realized you were only tracking
her punches and attempts to grapple you at torso level.



You realized your mistake too late, as the Mando spun and with a single sweep of her foot,
kicked your legs out from under you and once again sent you sprawling to the ground, air
rushing from your lungs.

"You held out a little longer that time." She remarked idly, and how she wasn't even winded
was beyond your meager comprehension.

You huffed a laugh, still heaving for air below her.

"Can't you...hold back? Even a little?" You asked between gasps. Hana went silent for a
moment, and soon you found yourself assisted to your feet once more.

"If a bounty hunter comes after you, they won't be holding back. You have to be prepared for
that." She answered, voice serious. "Trust me, I'm doing you a favor by being so hard on
you."

The reassuring clap on your back made you nearly stumble with the force of it, and certainly
didn't help you catch your breath. Yet you shot your spar mate a chagrined smile nonetheless,
words absent but gratitude present.

"What's this, then?" A voice echoed from across the make-shift gymnasium, prompting both
you and Hana to turn to its source. Paz stood in the entryway, facing towards the two of you.
At his entrance, all heads present turned, including the gaggle of youngsters that were playing
and entertaining your young charge. At the sight of the warrior some of the children
abandoned their game and trotted over towards Paz gleefully.

Paz must have been in a good mood, because though he first pretended to not notice the few
kids surrounding him, he suddenly sprang and caught one of them around their middle. As
you watched he hoisted the young one into the air, man handling the child, much to her utter
delight. You recognized the little girl with the long braid that fell from under her helmet, the
same child that had called to Umos when you had first met him. Pretending to have captured
her, Paz gave a fake roar and held her high as she squealed and giggled. You hid your own
giggle behind a hand, not noticing the way Din's visor snapped towards the sound and
quickly looked between you and his Vod.

Umos, upon seeing one of his playmates captured by the warrior, valiantly reached upward
for her, jumping in an attempt to reach his friend. Paz growled and held her aloft just out of
reach as she giggled without restraint. In a playfully desperate resort Umos began to strike
Paz's armored middle with his small fists. Paz at once feigned injury, crying out as he
pretended to drop the girl before depositing her once more on the floor. Umos continued his
barrage even as the girl pretended to hide behind her rescuer, until at last Paz fell to one knee
and began to plead for mercy from the attack with a fake, wheezing voice.

Satisfied, Umos and the girl trotted back to the fold of the other youngsters, and Paz rose to
his feet before approaching you and your instructor. You were unable to hide your laughter
behind your hands, whereas Hana remained unamused.

"You indulge them too much." She chastised the other warrior upon his approach, and Paz
merely shrugged.



"It won't be long before some of them join the fighting corps." He replied, voice dipping to a
more serious tone. "I'll indulge them as long as I can before then."

Hana gave a small huff but didn't reply, and so Paz turned to you instead. You could see his
visor sink and then rise as he gave you a once over, noticing the thin sheen of sweat on your
skin and your muscles still coiled tight from training.

"It seems you're recovering well." He remarked, and you could hear the smile in his voice.
You returned it, though after a moment you winced and rolled your shoulders once more.

"Hana has been putting me through my paces, that's for sure." You replied. "And not being
exactly kind about it either." That prompted a scoff from your sparring partner, and a sharp
glance from behind her visor.

"If you think I'm being harsh, you should try taking on Vizsla here. I bet you won't complain
after that."

You widened your eyes at her, feeling your stomach sink at the prospect. It was one thing to
take on a skilled warrior roughly your size, but to take on Paz?

"No, no!" You interjected quickly, waving your hands. "I didn't mean it, I promise! I'm
actually enjoying this, see? I like the bruises, I-"

Paz's bark of laughter cut you off, and he crossed his arms before gazing down at you.
Despite his helmet you could almost see the glint of mischief in his eyes.

"Come on Cuyan." He teased. "You took on two Black Sun members and won, not to
mention fought off half an army while saving my shebs back in the Old Temple district. You
could take me."

You opened your mouth to object, only for Hana to interject.

"Actually, the more I think about it, the more it makes sense." She went on. "If you want to
learn quickly, it's best to practice against someone who poses as much of a threat as possible
to you if they were to try and capture you."

"See?" Paz turned to you once more, holding out a gloved hand as if Hana had proven his
point.

You looked helplessly between the two Mandos, quickly finding yourself out of protests
when faced by both of their visored stares.

"Allow me."

You spun, nearly colliding with Din behind you. Force, you hadn’t even heard him sneak up
behind you. He stared past you, gaze leveled directly with Paz's. You could feel your
shoulders sink with relief, a grateful smile rising to your lips upon realizing that by sparring
with Din, you'd at least be safe from any further bruises or bumps on your body. Yet before
you could voice your assent, Paz stepped forward and cleared his throat.



"I believe that it was said Cuyan here should practice with the one who could prove to be the
greatest challenge to her." He spoke, and you blinked upon hearing his voice dip, the
friendliness still there but now edged with a touch of warning.

"The practice is designed to defend against bounty hunters, Vizsla." Din replied, and though
his tone remained level, you could see that sudden tightness in his shoulders, the way his feet
widened under him. "I'm the only one who fits that description."

Paz seemed to sense Din's sudden tension as well, and even then he did not shy from it.
Rather, he tucked his shoulders back from his slack stance, towering to his full height and
staring over your head at the younger Mando. You found yourself stepping back, out of the
way of the two Mandalorian men.

"Is that what you are still, Djarin?" He asked, tilting his head as if studying your companion.
"A meager bounty hunter?"

You blinked, shocked at the sudden challenge in Paz’s words. You opened your mouth to
defend Din, only for Din to speak first.

"How about you ask the twenty-three Black Sun gangsters I killed while you were bumbling
your way through the Old Market district." Din replied back, fists curling at his side. His
voice was still even, not sinister yet, but the warning, the underlying threat was there.

Paz huffed, but the sound was anything but amused. "What's a bounty hunter to a
Mandalorian?" He queried, but even you could hear the growing snarl in his voice.

Din prickled, and his voice dipped to growl something in Mando'a that you couldn't
understand. "Ne shab'rud'niÖ."

Behind you, you could feel Hana stiffen, suck in a sharp breath. You had to stop your jaw
from dropping at Din's tone, shocked at how his voice suddenly dipped into that warning
growl you ever hear when you and the child were in danger, when he was trying to ward off
an enemy. To use it here, pressed up against Paz, chest to chest with the taller Mando, with
someone you considered to be an ally, a friend, was simply beyond belief.

"You might want to step back." Hana murmured to you, wrapping a gloved hand around your
bruised forearm and gently dragging you backwards. At first you allowed yourself to be
escorted, still bewildered by the sudden viciousness between the two Mandos. Then, as if
suddenly coming to your senses, you shrugged off her grasp and forced yourself between the
two of them.

"Enough!" You snapped, one hand placed on either chest as you separated the two. They
seemed to barely notice you, gazes still locked in silent confrontation. Still, they gave way as
you interceded, both taking a step back at you cutting between them. You gave them each a
sharp glance that went unnoticed, each palm splayed across their chest plates.

"Enough!" You said louder this time, finally gaining their attention. You felt Din startle for a
moment, as if suddenly realizing you were there. A gloved palm came up, hesitantly resting



on your hand touching him as if he wanted to remove it, but the urge faded into a gentle
touch. You gave him a stern glance, which he stiffened at.

"I don't know what has gotten into you two recently, but you need to sort it out." You
declared, craning your head to look up at Paz's visor as well. "Whatever it is can't go on like
this. You both need to figure out a way to solve this or cool off."

"C-Cuyan, I would-" Hana tried behind you, stopping as you sent a reprimanding glare her
way as well.

Paz had backed off a step, catching your hand as it fell from his chest plate, holding it
absently whilst continuing to stare at Din. He didn’t speak, and Din did not volunteer to fill
the silence, each of their stares never wavering between the other.

Then Paz tilted his head a mere inch, as if suddenly having a thought. In Mando'a he asked:

"Adik'akaanir?"

You blinked, unfamiliar with the word, so your gaze instead shifted to Din.

That made Din draw himself up, as if rising to the challenge in Paz's words. Giving your
hand a small, reassuring squeeze, he stepped away from you, eyes still locked on his Vod.
You followed them with your gaze, confused and unsure.

"Besbe'trayce?" He asked, voice shifting away from a growl, almost as if he was suddenly
negotiating. Paz considered whatever Din had spoken for a moment, before shaking his head
in a silent reply to the question. Din nodded at this. As if having come to a silent conclusion,
both he and Paz began to pace away several steps, now ignoring you.

"W-wait-" You called after them, concerned. Hana, however, stopped you. You glanced at her
sudden hand on your shoulder, brow creased with worry.

"Let them go." She cautioned, voice low. You wanted to shrug her off, but the indication in
her words prevented you from chasing after the pair, even as your feet itched to do so.

"What are they doing?" You asked, anxiety clear in your voice.

Hana leveled her visored gaze with you, and you could almost feel the sardonic stare
underneath boring into your skin.

"They're doing as you asked, Cuyan." She replied simply. "They're settling this."

Your worried gaze lingered on her visor, seeing your own expression reflected back at you.
When you next turned around, you found both Din and Paz carefully shucking off weapons,
pauldrons, armor and equipment a distance away from each other.

You blinked in surprise, too taken aback by seeing the two without their beskar to interrupt
them. Your confusion continued to mount as you saw Paz send a sidelong glance in your
direction before going to peel away his flight suit as well. Behind you, Hana snorted
derisively at some unknown joke.



Your eyes shifted to Din, who's gaze rested on Paz's figure removing his outer layer before
turning to your wide eyed, agape expression. You could make out an almost imperceptible
shake of his head before he too reached for the fastenings on his flight suit.

A small crowd had begun to gather after hearing the earlier commotion, lurking in doorways
and leaning over the railings of the upper level to look down into the training area. You,
Hana, and now the children stood off to one side as Paz and Din's figures made themselves
known to you.

You wanted to cover your eyes in vague embarrassment upon seeing both of their forms
revealed from under the layers of padding and armor they typically wore. For Paz that meant
a loose sleeveless shirt and his flight suit tied with the sleeves at his waist. The man was built
like a tank, and though the muscle on his form wasn't apparent, you knew that under the layer
of protective fat that he retained enough strength to easily overwhelm most of his opponents
with brute force.

Din had his back turned to you as he shimmied down to his pants under the suit, absent of
any type of undershirt. You tried not to gawk, and for a moment almost wanted to turn around
and avert your eyes out of respect. There was little use for that, however, when whatever was
unfolding in front of you was in such a public setting.

You traced the lines of muscle on Din's back, watching as they rippled under his shoulders
with his movements. There was a slight dip in the muscle where his spine was, and as he
rolled his neck you felt your mouth go a little dry at the motion. It wasn’ your first time
seeing him this exposed. You had seen him shirtless before, in the dark of night, a dim shape
against a lantern in a small room. Yet the image did little to reassure you, only serving to
increase the warmth on your face to a feverish touch.

You turned your flushed, bewildered face to Hana beside you, hopeless in trying to summon
the words to ask what in the stars was going on. The Mando regarded you for a moment
before snorting a laugh under her helmet, using a hand on your shoulder to balance herself as
she doubled over briefly chortling to herself. You were fairly sure you heard her say the word
'Di’kuta' under her wheezing breath.

The gaggle of foundlings and children that had gathered around you paid less attention to her
and more to the half-bare warriors settling into stances a ways away from you all, ooh-ing
and aah-ing over the pile of armor and armaments tucked off to the side of each. At your feet,
Grogu lifted his hands up at you in a signal to be picked up. Absently, you complied, and
when it became apparent you weren't going to get an answer from the Mando beside you, you
turned your attention to Din and Paz once more.

It was clear now that there was some type of spar going on, but for what reasons you still
couldn't understand. Hana had said that both Din and Paz were heeding your advice to 'sort
things out', but as to what that meant, you had absolutely no idea.

Now free of all armor and weapons, both Paz and Din sank in their respective stances as you
and the covert watched on.



Slowly, Din and Paz began to inch forward. You could already see in their movements the
differences in their approaches. Where Paz centered himself in his feet, using his height and
weight to focus his center of gravity into an unbudging mass, Din did the opposite. You could
see him balance on the balls of his feet, knees slightly bent, and arms held up but relaxed,
keeping himself loose and ready to spring into action.

Again, you tried to take a step forward to stop them, but Hana's hand on your shoulder
tightened, causing you to look at her.

"Don't." She spoke low, the previous mirth gone from her voice. Instead, there was a warning
there, a hard stare under her helmet. "They need this."

You blinked at her, and as if sensing your concern and confusion, the child in your arms made
a small murmur and turned his eyes up to you.

"B-but why?" You asked, brow furrowed at your friend.

You could hear Hana release a breath under her helmet, as if dismayed or perhaps frustrated
by your lack of insight.

Yet before she could answer, a rush of movement drew your attention back to the two in the
middle of the training area. Din had rushed forth, landing a series of rapid blows against Paz
before darting away again. Paz blocked them easily, reaching for Din in an attempt at offense
and coming up just short.

It quickly became apparent what Din's method was in this duel. He had no way of physically
overpowering Paz, so he was relying on his superior reflexes and speed to try and wear down
the older warrior with a series of speedy attacks. Whether or not that would work depended
on Paz's stamina, which seemed to be evenly matched with his opponent.

Paz advanced forward, rushing Din in an attempt to grab him, drag him into striking range.
Din managed to sidestep the rush, practically sliding around Paz's outstretched grip only to
withdraw out of reach once more.

Hana hummed beside you appraisingly. You cast her a sideways glance but kept your eyes on
the fight before you. Yet your churning thoughts were interrupted by her voice.

"It seems they each learned some lessons from their previous fight." She remarked, causing
you to finally look at her.

"What fight?" You asked, an eyebrow raised in curiosity.

"The one they had after you and the kid were captured by the Black Sun." She answered
nonchalantly. Yet her reply had your eyes wide and jaw falling open in shock. Instantly you
were scrambling for details, pressuring her for more information.

"Wa-wait, when?" You pressured her, turning to face her.

"After you were captured, I just told you." She replied casually, eyes still locked on the fight.
Din had launched another series of blows, and in it you saw a fighting style not unlike the



one Hana had demonstrated on you. "Paz tried to keep Din from marching into enemy
territory to go rescue you, and so Din challenged him to a duel, and won."

Your head spun with the realization. While you were shocked at Paz for trying to prevent Din
from coming to your aid, the fact that Din had gone as far as to attack his comrade so he
could come rescue you was...actually very touching.

A grunt made you look back towards the two fighting, where you saw Paz had managed to
seize Din by the inside of his arm. The two grappled for a moment, absent from any weapons.
Din landed a series of strikes on Paz, which the older warrior grunted under but did not
loosen his hold on Din as a result of. Finally Din managed to throw his weight enough to the
side to briefly make Paz lose his balance, allowing him to slide free once more.

"Wait, so then why are they still fighting?" You asked Hana, shifting your focus to the other
Mando once more but keeping your eyes on Din as he managed to take several steps
backwards, only for Paz to rush him and seize him around the middle.

"Oh, this is because of what Paz said while you were passed out on Djarin's ship." Hana
spoke, eyes never wavering from the duel in front of her. Your head whipped towards her,
face suddenly confused and wary. "They thought I couldn't hear, but I was right there. It was
impossible not to."

"Wait, what?" You asked, hands slackening to your sides. "What did he say? Did he insult
Din?"

Hana chuckled, shaking her head. "Your head must be as hard as beskar. I'm surprised you
haven't noticed yet."

That did nothing to quell your curiosity, and now you faced fully towards the Mandalorian,
face open with confusion.

"Notice what?"

That made Hana stop, shoulders stiffening as she turned her whole attention towards you
now.

"Do you really not know?" She asked, surprise now evident in her voice. When you shook
your head she regarded you, a huff of disbelief sounding from under her helmet.

A loud clang rang out as Din threw his head forward under Paz’s grip, connecting his helmet
with Paz’s in a kov'nyn strike. The strike itself didn’t rattle Paz, but he seemed to have been
caught by surprise with the action, head reeling backward enough for Din to bring a knee up
against Paz’s leg and catch him hard enough to force the other Mando to loosen his hold. Din
instantly sprung away, and for a moment you saw him reach for his gauntlet, recognizing the
motion as prepping the flamethrower that was absent from his wrist.

"Paz said if Djarin didn't make a move on you, he'd court you."



Gaze shooting back to the Mando beside you, you blinked at her, and distantly you could hear
the faint, tinny sound of your brain trying to process the information she had just given you.

“…Court?” You echoed dumbly, not understanding. “Paz…said?”

All at once you finally made sense of her words, and your confusion was replaced by pure,
unadulterated shock.

"He…WHAT?!"

Your yell momentarily distracted Din, who's helmet whipped in your direction at your sudden
shriek. That gave Paz the opening he was looking for, and with a roar he managed to grab
Din fully. He grunted loudly as Din tried to squirm, managing to fix his hold on Din’s thigh
and ribs. With a yell he heaved the Mando, raising him above his head. The crowd burst with
noise, yelling and shouting and cheering at their champion managing to best his opponent.

You gasped instantly, and the toddler in your arms whined worriedly at his caretaker’s sudden
helplessness, held aloft much like the foundling Paz had hoisted so high earlier. You could
see Paz’s arms bulging with the effort, but his voice was nothing less than triumphant as he
widened his stance, yelling in your direction.

"This is your partner, Cuyan?!" Paz asked despite Din squirming viciously. "He's weak like a
pup!"

You felt your face flush angrily on Din's behalf, and you took a half-step forward in an
attempt to defend your Mando, shaking off Hana in the process.

Din twisted above Paz, managing to get one leg free and bring his boot across Paz's helmet
with a resounding metal clang. Paz reeled from the surprise attack, grip loosening. Suddenly,
Din was tumbling to the floor, and you could hear the sound he made upon impact, harsh and
unforgiving.

He didn’t move.

"Din!" You shrieked, pushing a whining Grogu into Hana's arms so you could rush forward to
your Mando’s aid.

Paz had recovered from the younger warrior’s strike, but Din was still trying to raise himself
off the floor. As Paz approached you managed to slide between him and the smaller form of
the other Mando, arms spread protectively to prevent him from taking another single step.
Above you, a murmur ran through the observing crowd, shocked by your sudden
interference. You could hear Din try to protest behind you, breathless as he tried to regain
himself.

You didn't say anything, merely let your aggression and fear show through on your face,
challenging and yet warning Paz that if he tried to attack Din once more, he would have to go
through you.



You could see him pause, hesitate at your expression. Behind you, Din wheezed as he
managed to rise to his feet. Instantly your arms dropped so you could turn and assess him,
face falling into a look of concern at the forming bruises on his bare skin.

"I'm alright." He assured you, one hand briefly cradling his helmet before turning again to
Paz. He pushed you behind him, only for you to seize his arm roughly.

"Stop."

Din paused to look at you, and suddenly the gazes of both Mandos were on you.

Yet you didn't flinch under their stares. Rather, you remained steadfast, jaw clenched as you
gazed up at both of them.

"It's rude to interrupt a duel, Cuyan." Paz warned, voice low in his chest. You glared at him,
fingers tightening on Din's arm.

"I don't care." You snapped back, and the sudden venom in your voice actually made the
older warrior flinch. Then you turned your attention to Din, eyes softening into a pleading
stare.

"I don't know what you're trying to accomplish with this." You stated blatantly, and Din's
visored gaze remained clear on your face. "But you don't need to. You don't have anything to
prove to me, Din."

Din froze.

Every muscle in his body coiled, entire attention drawn to your face. You stared up at him,
eyes open and entreating, hoping that he had taken your words to heart, that he’d abandon
this foolishness and not hurt himself further. You knew the source of this now, knew that Din
was trying, in his own way, to protect you, to defend you. The truth of it smarted under your
skin, the idea that Din would fight for you and yet refuse to disclose his feelings to you,
keeping them locked away and hidden within him.

Din seemed to recognize this too, his arm on you twitching for a moment, torn on whether to
push you away or bring you closer still. You could feel the conflict within him from his touch
alone, could sense the tear within him.

He wanted you. He wanted you to stay. He didn’t know how to ask. He didn’t want you to
leave,

“I’m afraid.” He had murmured to you, low and in confidence aboard the vibrating hum of
the Razorcrest afloat in space.

He didn’t want things to change, and yet for his inaction to lead to this…

All at once, he understood.

You saw his shoulders sink, saw that telltale motion of surrender, of acceptance you had
come to know and love. With it came a small sigh, a dip of his helmet towards you in



deference. You didn’t understand it fully, didn’t understand that, in that moment, Din gave
himself into whatever lay ahead for him. Either way, you were right. This couldn’t continue.
You, Paz, everything had whispered signs to him that he was breaking apart inside as a result
of this fear, of this anxiety that somehow, inevitably, you would reject him. Yet to push you
away so he could try to physically fight through it instead of confiding in you...this...this
wasn’t right.

The thumb on your shoulder grazed the skin there absently, his gloveless touch calloused and
worn with years of experience. He retained a comfort from the motion, as if thinking to
himself that this would be one of the few remaining memories of being able to be this close
to you. With a bitter smile under his helmet, he raised his eyes to the warrior in front of him.

“I yield.” He spoke, voice steady and yet tinged with a regret that ached inside of him.

Paz tilted his head at the bounty hunter, weighing Din’s surrender. He still held himself taut
and tall above you both, but the posture was indicative less of aggression and more of an
attention, a respect.

You watched as something shifted inside of Paz, as if both he and Din had separately come to
a similar conclusion. Whatever silent battle they had been waging, Din had finally conceded.
Paz had made his point, and after struggling against it, Din had finally surrendered himself.
This wasn’t about the petty argument of who would spar against you. This debate ran deeper,
feelings hot and untouched and yet present all the same. Paz knew this.

“No.” He rumbled at last, voice deep. “I yield.”

And yet the words he spoke had a separate meaning entirely. His surrender was not to Din. In
some ways, he had surrendered to you instead, made his peace with your obvious decision
over who, in the end, you had chosen.

You were already Din’s, and silently, Paz made his peace with that.

You blinked, looking from him to Din, who’s hand still rested lightly on your upper arm. Din
considered his Vodfor a long, heavy moment, as if understanding the hidden meaning in his
words. In the stare that they shared with each other, Paz and Din seemed to come to an
accord, to an agreement.

In doing so, somehow the animosity fell away in the space between them. In ways beyond
how you could comprehend, both he and Din regarded each other as entirely equal, void of
status or ability, and simply as what they were destined to be: brothers.

Din was the first to move, raising the hand not placed on you and extending it to Paz, as if
reaching across the channel that had existed for so long, entreating Paz to meet him halfway.

Paz stared down at it for only a moment before clasping his own calloused palm against Din’s
in a gesture of truce.

Then Paz turned to you, letting the glint of his visor rest on you for an unbearably long
moment. You squirmed under his sudden attention, more self-conscious than uncomfortable,



seated with the knowledge that Paz had spoken of his feelings for you, and that you could not
return them.

“You’re a good match for him, Cuyan.” The warrior spoke at last, and though the words were
spoken in affection, there was an imperceptible touch of longing there that made you blink
back at him, surprised. Then your face melted into something more conciliatory, as if your
eyes could express the words you couldn’t say.

Before you could speak, however, Paz turned his back on you both and began to walk back to
his pile of armor and weapons. The gaggle of foundlings trotted over to him as he did,
surrounding him and peppering him with questions. The crowd that had gathered murmured
amongst themselves, as if disappointed with the duel’s outcome. Across the room, your eyes
caught Hana’s visor. She nodded to you once, and though she didn’t speak, you understood
nonetheless. She bent, depositing Grogu a distance away from you. Arms outstretched, the
toddler rushed in your direction. A small babbling coo escaped him as you lifted him up to
balance on your chest between you and Din.

The Mando’s helmet was bent to look at the both of you, and the feather light touch on your
arm grew solid as he swiped a thumb over your skin, not speaking and yet saying so much all
the same. Your chest warmed at the combined presence of both him and the child you cared
for, united as one tiny clan.

“I…” He began at last, and you shifted your gaze from Grogu to his visor. Din trailed off,
swallowed hard enough that you could see his throat bob without his cowl to cover it.

“I don’t have the words right now to tell you what I want to say.” He murmured, and your
chest seized with the vulnerability, the uncertainty in his voice. Your eyes softened up at him,
a gentle smile overcoming your features.

Din’s rough palm slid from your arm downwards, hesitantly reaching for and grasping the
edge of the hand you used to balance Grogu. At last, he continued.

“When I understand what I mean to say, will you listen?”

The plea in his voice, so soft and unsure, so unlike the Mando you knew, overwhelmed you.
You had an idea of the things Din wanted to tell you, and your own answer remained stuck in
your throat, waiting for the inevitable words he would speak to you. Still, to hear him like
this, to hear him speak as if he wanted your permission to confide in you…

Your chest ached.

Instead of replying, you simply took a step forward, using his bare chest to balance the
toddler against as your free arm wrapped around his middle and up to his sinewy back and
shoulders in an embrace. You could feel Din stiffen, hear him choke back a gasp as you did
so. Yet you didn’t relent. No, you held him tighter still, the ache in your chest fierce and
calling out to him in comfort.

Slowly, Din’s arms that were held aloft around you settled, fell to your shoulders and back as
he returned the hug at last. You melted into his arms at the touch, feeling your heartbeat



wildly between you but relishing the warmth of him all the same. Sturdy, steady, like an
ancient tree meant to shade and protect you. Yet in your grasp he softened, loosened in your
hold.

“I’ll be here.” You answered at last, and the breath that Din had been holding came out as a
sigh, muffled by his helmet. You closed your eyes, immersing yourself in his enveloping
presence around you, in Grogu murmuring softly between you both. Gently, just for the both
of them, you spoke the words he so desperately needed to hear:

“I’m not going anywhere.”

Chapter End Notes

//Rises from the grave

I LIVEEEEEE!!

Hello loves, sorry for being gone for so long :'-)

Grad school is hectic. I have five classes this semester and thought I'm keeping up, it's
taking pretty much all my attention so I don't have much time to write. That being said
I've been working in bits and pieces on this chapter for the better part of 2-3 weeks, and
after many drafts, many edits, and me eventually just giving up and deciding it was
okay, it's finished.

So I hope you enjoyed our two beskar bois duking it out over our fave survivor :) I also
hope you liked my little Mando insert, Hana, who is a mix between a sarcastic older
sister and badass Koska Reeves vibes. Also Umos returns to be a brave little verd'ika,
bless him.

If you're wondering what the Mando'a is here, I've provided translations:

"Ne shab'rud'niÖ." “Don’t F*ck with me.”

"Adik'akaanir?" “Spar?” or quite literally “Little fight”

"Besbe'trayce?" “Weapons?”

'Di’kuta' (Plural) “Idiots.”

Kov'nyn Headbutt

A special shout-out to @deceiverofgodss on tumblr for helping me figure out the knots
in this chapter.

Hope you enjoyed! Hopefully I won't be gone for too long this time. See you in the next
update!



Chapter 34: Part Thirty Four: Stay
Chapter Summary

You couldn't deny it any longer. You wanted him. You wanted to stay with him. You
couldn't bear to leave him, to be left behind. You wanted him to hold you, to call you by
the wonderful name he had given you, to cling to him in comfort and respite, to whisper
the contents of your soul to him in the soft moments while the stars passed you by. You
wanted to be with him, to never leave his side again.

You…think you loved him.

Chapter Notes

Recommended listening: Leia Organa Suite (https://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=pFqeP_9N_Zg&list=PLtaP8hVI_BDVH_ot0e_2ZM0XDrkizmVJ1&index=21)

(Turn down volume slightly for best effect)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It was quiet by the time you finally made it to the showers that night, the evening soft and
dusky in the Coruscant underground.

After Din and Paz's match, Din had spoken softly to you, promising to see you later. At first
you thought that he was withdrawing again, taking one step forwards and two steps back. Yet
then, glancing around to make sure he wasn't being scrutinized, Din had leaned in and ever so
gently tapped the helm of his helmet against your forehead. You didn't understand the
meaning of the gesture, but recognized nonetheless that it was significant to him, something
to be shared just with you and the child in your arms. Then, in a murmured parting, Din had
left on some unknown mission, the gesture lingering in his absence.

The rest of your afternoon was spent either training with Hana, who seemed to approve of the
small gains you made in your efforts, and tending to Grogu. After dinner, getting him back to
the room, and gently tucking him to sleep in his carrier, you finally had a quiet moment to
yourself.

Din had yet to appear after his promise to see you later, and after some time spent waiting,
you decided instead to head for the communal showers now that all the female Mandos had
finished. You always waited until they did, recognizing the importance of privacy regarding



their helmets. Not to mention you enjoyed the privacy yourself, as it was one of the few
moments inside the crowded covert walls that you were well and truly alone.

Most of the Covert had retired or had begun to settle in for the evening. You could hear quiet,
muted conversations in the communal area on the second floor, spoken in a soft lullaby of
noise against the distant hum of traffic somewhere beyond the walls. It reminded you once
more that you were safe here, protected by Din and a whole clan of warriors just like him.

Except they weren't really like him, not in some ways.

You reflected on this in the shower, tilting your head up into the water stream and letting the
rivulets cascade down your form. With nothing but the sound of hissing water to distract you,
your thoughts wandered to Din.

Din was...different. Maybe not in identity, not in his values, or his skills necessarily. Of
course, he was certainly more skilled and morally sound than you had originally given him
credit for all those moons ago, during your original encounter. Still, it wasn't any of that. It
was that Din was different, to you

He was warm with you in a way no one else was, in a way that he wasn't with others in turn.
His protectiveness of you extended beyond your original contract, worrying not only for the
child you had been tasked with caring for, but for you as well. His trust and bond with you
lay in the small gestures, in the hand at the small of your back, his voice quiet and assured. It
lay in the silent trust he had given you, born quietly in the hours in hyperspace staring into
the blue array before you, with Din sitting in mutual companionship in the cockpit with you.

Then there were the closer encounters, the ones that left you breathless in his wake, that drew
a deep longing in your chest that you had yet to give words to. The memory of his arms
around you, embracing you and holding you tight, of the safety and comfort of his hold in the
darkest hours of night when nightmares pursued you, continued to haunt you.

Din's gentleness with you, the way he defended you so fiercely, the trust he had laid upon you
extended beyond the reaches of what you had originally considered your relationship to be.
You suspected the things he would eventually tell you, knew that his struggle in voicing it
was all too difficult for him.

But that left a question: Where did you stand?

You would be lying if you said you didn't soften under Din's gaze, at his mere presence
beside you. There was a comfort of being beside him that extended beyond the feeling of
safety, of trust. There remained an unspoken bond that neither of you had touched upon,
offering only stolen glances and lingering words that never seemed to breach the heart of the
matter.

All that time ago, you had told him you simply wished to come along until you found a
peaceful place to settle down. Away from the Empire, away from bounty hunters and criminal
gangs, living a quiet but fulfilling life by yourself, as you had always been.



Now the thought sent a strange pang through your chest, one that drew an ache there so fierce
that made your face sink into despair. The thought of being alone, of once again being on
your own was too great a burden to bear. You had been alone for so long, simply trying to
survive, to make it to the next day, and maybe the day after that. It was...heartbreakingly
lonely. To think that you once thought of leaving Din and Grogu made you want to sink to
your knees on the steel of the shower stall and let your heart cry out.

You couldn't bring yourself to say that to him. To say you wanted to stay here in the core
worlds, on a lovely peaceful planet while Din and Grogu went on without you...it was too
much to bear. No, you couldn't do it even if you tried.

It was because, with them, you were already home.

You had realized this long ago, but to whisper the idea softly to yourself made a lightness
grow in your chest, its faint but radiant light lifting you and keeping you buoyant with the
knowledge that you had found your place with them, found a place that you didn't want to
leave.

And Din, with his gentle touches and soft voice, his refusal to put you in harm’s way, his
desire to keep you safe, to speak to you in that voice he reserved only for you-

The warmth in your chest only grew, and in your bones you felt yourself call out to him,
wishing to hold him, to touch him, to keep him safe in turn, to comfort him in his loneliness
just as his presence comforted you.

That feeling that had first appeared on Rishi, standing together in the darkened hull of the
Razorcrest, both of you speaking and yet not saying nearly enough, had only grown since
then. It had been a quiet thing at first, uncertain and shy, unsure if your heart actually would
keep it, or if it would fade in time. Since then, it had only continued to blossom, growing less
in passion than in trust, in the quiet bond that you had felt with Din all this time. To name it,
to admit to yourself that it was true, could change everything.

Yet you couldn't deny it any longer. You wanted him. You wanted to stay with him. You
couldn't bear to leave him, to be left behind. You wanted him to hold you, to call you by the
wonderful name he had given you, to cling to him in comfort and respite, to whisper the
contents of your soul to him in the soft moments while the stars passed you by. You wanted
to be with him, to never leave his side again.

You…think you loved him.

And the knowledge of that stole your breath away, robbed you of the air in your chest. The
revelation of it all seemed not to shatter the world around you suddenly, without precedent.
No, instead it washed over you like a glorious dawn, painting vivid and radiant colors across
the previously lonely landscape of your heart. Like an aria accompanying the sunrise, your
soul sang out to him, wishing to bring the stars crashing down if it would mean one more
moment beside him, one more word spoken to you, one last night asleep in his gentle and
peaceful embrace.



You understood now, the silence and the beauty of it all. You didn't know when it had
occurred, but now you knew that you couldn't bear to live your life without Din or the child
you both cared for. You never wanted to be away from them again, and yet with Din you
wanted to be even closer, closer still, until you couldn't discern your fluttering heartbeat from
his steady breathing, the sound of him trusting you with every fiber of his being.

As the water above you finally petered out, you heaved a great sigh. Yet it wasn't one of
stress or disappointment, rather it was the sound of you reconciling with the great force that
lay inside you, of the desire and the love for the Mandalorian you had entrusted your life to.

You had to tell him.

You had spent enough time simply telling yourself you'd wait until later to discuss your
feelings, hoping that you would and wouldn't get the chance to say the things that had been
dwelling within you for so long. Yet the memory of being in the underground, not knowing if
you’d ever see Din again, not sure if you would ever be able to tell him how much he meant
to you, continued to haunt you still. If somehow, if tomorrow came and Din once more had to
leave your side for whatever reason, leaving without the knowledge of what lay inside you-
you would never forgive yourself.

You were dressed and walking to his room before you had even finished processing the
thought, clothes still damp and clinging to you in your hurry to find him.

The covert was fully dark now, lit only by dim lanterns interspersed through the hallways.
The blue midnight haze and orange glow of the lamps seemed to brush against you, leaving
misty smears of light in your wake as you walked with purpose down towards the men's
corridor. You didn't care if someone saw you, didn't care if you would get into trouble
somehow breaking the rules Paz had originally warned you about upon arriving at the Covert.
You needed to see Din. You needed to see your Mandalorian.

So distracted were you by your quest that you didn't hear the footsteps striding towards you.
As you rounded a corner, you found yourself nearly impacting a hard beskar chest plate,
stumbling away just in time to avoid it. Yet your sudden change of motion caused your
balance to teeter, and soon you were leaning dangerously far back, only for a hand to reach
out and steady you.

"Oh! I-" You looked up, blinking upon seeing the familiar visor above you.

"Din." You breathed.

"Cuyan." Din responded, his voice just as breathless. His grip on your waist relaxed a touch
yet didn't entirely disappear. "I couldn't find you upstairs, I-"

"Din." You spoke again, voice taking on a touch of urgency now. "I-I- There's something I
want to tell you."

Din let out a small breath you didn't realize he had been holding. The hand on your waist slid
up to your elbow, down to your hand. You glanced down at it, seeing the slow, gentle motion



Din used to cup your palm. A familiar flutter arose in your chest, and you looked back up to
Din's visor, imagining the eyes you couldn't see.

"I have something to say as well." He spoke, and his voice sounded...almost unsure of
himself. Hesitant.

"But not here."

Without any further words, you felt Din abruptly shift and turn, keeping your hand with him
as he began to lead you down the corridors. He moved quickly, and yet didn't drag you along,
simply escorting you swiftly through the hallways towards his destination.

You could feel the warmth of his hand through his glove, the way his grip held loosely onto
yours, fingers intertwined. It touched a familiar part of you, the depth of your soul you
wanted to confess to him, letting the words spill out like a dam broken.

None too soon, you found yourself standing in front of the familiar door of Din's room. Din
released his hold on you, and your hand fell limply back to your side as you watched him
slide open the door with quiet care. Din glanced inside for a moment, checking on something,
and then with a small nod of his head, gestured you inside.

As you entered your eyes landed on a familiar baby carriage, closed shut and still with the
sleeping child inside. Din must have retrieved him from your room while you were in the
shower. Shoulders softening, your mind conjured the thought of Din holding the sleeping
infant, making a bubble of warmth grow in your chest. You smiled at the image of the
intimidating Mandalorian always so soft and careful with the babe.

You turned to him then, seeing his silver armor reflect the orange haze of the lantern atop the
storage container beside him. It flickered like firelight, washing Din in warm vibrant colors
that glinted against his visor.

"Din." You whispered, momentarily struck by the sight. Din's visor, which had rested on the
bassinet, turned to you.

Shaking the distraction away, you turned to fully face him, hands soothing your still damp
arms. The words you wanted to say lingered on the tip of your tongue, and yet you didn't
know where to begin.

"I-" You started, only for Din's quiet voice to cut you off.

"Let me go first." He offered abruptly, and with a gentler touch: "Please."

You blinked at him, a little surprised with his unexpected forwardness, but then nodded for
him to continue.

Yet then he hesitated, as if he too struggled in where to begin. You saw him falter, then
suddenly straighten, as if remembering something. As you watched, he reached for
something strapped to his belt, struggling for a moment in the dim light before producing a
small blaster in his hands.



Your blaster.

You sucked in a breath upon seeing it, having nearly forgotten it's absence since you
originally lost it to the two Black Sun members who had kidnapped you. How Din found it,
you had no idea, but the sight of it made a smile stretch broadly across your face.

"How did you-, when?" You asked in a whispered rush, reaching for the weapon and
delicately taking it in your hands to examine it. The weight of it once more in your grasp was
comforting, a reminder that it was Din who had originally given it to you to defend yourself
and the kid. Now it was back with you once more, and you couldn't be happier at its return.

"I tracked down the Black Sun member who captured you." Din replied in a low tone, and
you glanced back at him upon hearing the touch of anger in his voice. His visor lowered just
enough to catch a dangerous glint from the lantern. "He will never hurt you or the child
again, I made sure of that."

You shuddered. You couldn't help it. The restrained fury in Din's voice, not directed at you,
reminded you again just how dangerous this man could be. Yet the thought that he did that to
defend you, to keep you safe...

It reminded you just how much you admired and cared for him.

"Cuyan I-" Din spoke, sounding almost choked for a moment, pausing to settle himself
before continuing.

"When you and the child were taken I... blamed myself. I should have never left you alone. I-
" Again, his voice caught in his throat, and you could hear him swallow the emotion there
unsuccessfully. You felt your own chest seize with the raw vulnerability Din was offering
you, caught between the hurt and the affection to see him so open with you, pouring out
words you thought you'd never hear.

"I never want that to happen again." Din went on, and he had settled now, his voice almost
even, and yet not absent of the vast array of emotion inside him. He took a breath before he
continued, letting it settle in his chest before breathing it out as a sigh. "The thought of you
leaving it...I can't make sense of it. I-"

Even in the darkness you could see the way Din's body held taut, like a chord pulled too tight.
His fists at his side drew his shoulders up defensively, as if closing himself off to you even
while he spoke. You held yourself back, wanting nothing more than to step forward and hold
him in comfort, reassuring him that you were right here, that he had nothing to fear. Yet you
knew Din had to say these words without your help, for both your sakes.

It took a moment, but Din eventually released himself, as if the one holding his strings
suddenly let go and allowed him to stand on his own. His shoulders loosened, hands falling
open at his sides. He took a deep inhale, letting it fall out of him as a sigh that seemed to ease
the tension from his form. In that singular moment, cradled in the vast expanse of your
lifetime, every moment grievously short and yet so full of wonder and awe, Din surrendered
himself to you. His walls came crashing down not with the chaos of a fortress shattered, but



as if he had been the one to open the door, allowing brilliant sunlight to stream inside and
bathe his form.

Then, he looked at you. Looked at you as if he was seeing you for the first time, as if you
were the stars and he was a moon, cradled aloft in space together. Speaking quietly, he said:

"I want you to stay. With us. For good." And after a breathless moment: "Please."

Time stood still. The hum of the lantern, the far-off sounds of Coruscant's heartbeat, even the
thrumming inside your own chest seemed to silence themselves. The neon lights of the city,
the orange flicker of the lamp beside you both, and the darkness in between seemed to flood
with colors you had never seen before. All at once, and yet ever so softly, the world became
silent, bright, painted in the aura of your own emotions as they mounted rapidly in your
chest.

You felt your lips part in wonder, eyes glinting in the darkness with the beginnings of tears.
The cool air of the room didn't touch you, damp hair still wetting the back of your shirt and
cheeks warming with a heartfelt feeling you did not yet fully understand but was familiar all
the same. The emotions you had been holding since your revelation seemed to bubble over in
your chest, up your throat in a ragged intake of breath to steady yourself against the force of
Din's words.

He wanted you. Not just because you were his partner, the child's caretaker while he was
away, able to protect him while Din couldn’t. No, Din wanted you. As you were, with all
your past burdens and scars and haunting nightmares. He wanted you to stay, and the
knowledge of that seemed to birth a new galaxy in you, one born of a hope so desperate you
could feel it catch in your throat and warm at the corners of your eyes.

Loneliness. You knew the name of that now, knew just how true it held for you. When you
had lived your whole life without a single person to call a friend, no one to hold you safe and
shelter you, the term made little sense, as you had never experienced anything other than
loneliness as your only true companion. Yet now, with Din standing before you, open, almost
desperate in his plea, you could feel the past weight of grief open up a well inside you, and
you felt yourself nearly sucked down by it.

You couldn't help it then, couldn't help the sudden sob that escaped you. The relief, the hope,
the desperate desire to tell him everything flowed out of you as a quiet cry, a small sound
against the dark expanse of the velvet midnight.

Din seemed to panic then, growing stiff as you nearly folded in on yourself with your grief,
your relief, your hope, your fear, you desire to simply stay. You didn't even notice his
reaction, too caught in your whirlwind of emotions so vast and deep that for a moment you
thought you would drown in your tears.

It was as if you had been clinging tightly onto hope for so long, clinging to it desperately,
praying to some higher being that life would not always be this way. That someday,
somehow, you would find someone who accepted you for who you were, who you could be,
with all your sins and the fault lines in between. You had been holding tight for a lifetime,



past the point of your fingers drawing blood and the great chasm of despair threatening to
swallow you up.

Now, with the words Din had spoken, you could let go, caught in the safety of his feelings for
you.

"Cuyan-" Din started, reaching for you. You caught him by the insides of his arms as he
approached, slightly bent over as you tried to catch your breath from the force of your ragged
sobs. Your fingers curled into the fabric of his sleeves, damp hair falling over your eyes. You
clung to him like he was a tether preventing you from being pulled out to sea, wishing he
would be even closer, would hold you like you wanted him to so desperately.

"Do you know?" You finally spoke, voice broken and choked. "How long I've wanted you to
say those words?"

Din jerked, then soothed again under your grasp. You needn't have said more, for he
understood, knew the origin of that hurt in you even without you voicing it.

"I'm sorry, Cuyan." He murmured. "I should have told you sooner."

You choked a sob then, shoulders shuddering under the effort and the failure to maintain
yourself. Your fingers dug into the fabric of Din's flight suit, eyes closed and tears salty
against your lips. Yet the desire within you seemed to burn brighter with every breath, the
pressure, the need, the greed to tell him about the weight in your heart that had lifted you,
that had kept you alive in the Coruscant underground and fighting your way back to him.

At last, you spoke, with a breathless, choked voice, whispering the thing you wanted to say
for so long.

"I want to stay. Din. I- I want to stay."

Yet Din didn't fully relax, visor still tilted down to observe you with worried, anxious eyes.
You shook in his grip, trembling, struggling to stay upright with the pain and the heart
clenching relief of everything you had just experienced. With your voice cracked in your
throat, hands shaking against his touch, it took everything in you to summon the needed
words from your soul.

Finally swallowing down the choke in your throat, you looked up at him, eyes shining with
tears that, to Din, appeared as starlight.

"With you. I want to stay with you."

At that, Din sank his shoulders in a silent but profound relief, and you heard the sigh, the
breath held tight in his chest dissipating into the quiet hours, delicate yet sincere, carrying
beyond the anthem of Coruscant's midnight soul and into the heavens beyond.

"Cuyan I-" He began again, face turned down towards you. You looked up at him with a
teary, hopeful smile, feeling your heart expand a hundred times over at the knowledge that
this man wanted you too, that you were no longer alone, that you would never be again. The



thought that together you would be a safe harbor for the other, trust abundant in the space
between your two forms, seemed to shed the past like a heavy cloak from your shoulders,
revealing you to him for the first time.

"Ni kar'tayl gar darasuum."

You blinked then, tears still spilling from your eyes, not knowing the meaning behind the
language he spoke. Yet you didn't have a moment to question it, for suddenly you were being
brought forward, and Din's arms were closing fast around you in the embrace you so
desperately had longed for. Your heart seemed to fly up to your throat, a surprised gasp
tearing past your lips as your hands fluttered, unsure where to place themselves on Din' broad
form. Yet Din only held you closer, head bent to fully encompass you, just as he had that
night when he had chased away your nightmares.

Yet now, instead of a soft, half sleep- spoken promise, his voice spoke quiet but true, telling
you:

"I- I love you."

You sank into him then, legs nearly buckling under you. With your face buried into the soft
fabric of his cowl, you let a shuddering sigh escape you, releasing all the tension, the worry,
the fear and anxiety loose from you for what felt like the first time in your whole existence.
You surrendered yourself to it, arms wrapping around your Mandalorian and holding fast to
him even as the remnants of cries bore forth from your chest. Din held you through it, and
soon your hands found purchase on his cape, as if holding onto it could bring him closer still.

"I love you too." You whispered, voice high in your throat and new tears growing hot in your
vision. The words seemed to soothe the inside of your throat like warm honey, sweet and
curative to your aching heart. Even then they alone did not truly express the depth of your
heart, could not describe the feelings you felt as Din gently pulled on the tether that
connected your two souls. "I love you, Din Djarin."

Din held you tighter still, his arms firm and secure around your form, head tucked against the
side of yours. The cool touch of his helmet brushed against your temple, and you found
yourself leaning against it, face scrunched in relief at being where you finally belonged. This
close you could hear his heartbeat, fluttering rapidly against his throat, hopeful and expectant.

Here, in the safety of his embrace, with his wide palms tucked against your back, the worries
of the world couldn't hurt you. Here, there were no bounty hunters, no Empire, no gangs or
thugs chasing your debts, only Din; only your firm, kind, capable, fiercely protective Mando
who you cared so deeply for.

The words he had spoken to you remained steadfast in your chest, and it took every breath
not to let them claim you, let them sweep you out to see in a tide of emotion.

You shifted, drawing back just enough to be right in front of his helmet. Once again, it ached
inside you how much you wished to see his face, how you wanted to see his eyes. Your
imagination ran wild, summoning the images you saw as you drifted off to sleep in his arms
all that time ago.



Then, Din leaned forward all of an inch, so that the cool beskar of his helmet tapped against
your forehead. Just as he had earlier, Din took in a deep breath, letting it settle inside him
before releasing it in a dusky sigh. You closed your eyes, grounding yourself in him. With his
hand at your back, the hard touch of Beskar pressed gently to your skin, the coarse fabric of
his cape under your fingers, you tried to immerse yourself in Din's gravity, letting it sink into
your senses and become a part of you.

"What does that mean?" You found yourself asking quietly, words spoken in a whisper only
Din could hear. "That thing you just did?"

Din huffed a breath, but underneath you could hear the smile in his voice. "It's
mirshmure'cya." He murmured back. "A greeting for Mandalorians."

You hummed breathing in the same way Din had a moment ago, mimicking the motion. "I've
never seen you use it with Paz or the others though." You returned. "Why me?"

Din grew a little stiff then, and in his next breath you could hear him clear his throat.

"That's..." He began, voice a little higher, somewhat nervous. "It's a greeting...mostly
for...courting or...coupled Mandalorians."

You opened your eyes then, leaning back so you could see your mildly surprised face
reflected in the dimness of his visor.

Is that what we are, Din? You asked silently, but instead simply smiled warmly at him.

"So, then it's a Mandalorian kiss." You supplied, voice a touch louder, an impish but pleased
smile spreading across your features. Yet the wetness in your eyes and stains in your cheeks
seemed to make the comment half-hearted, a question more than an answer to yourself.

Din's hands fidgeted, for a moment feeling as if they'd loosen their hold on you. You kept
your hands tight against his cape, however, and after a moment Din relented, realizing you
wouldn't let him escape so easily.

"Y-yes." He answered at last.

You felt your form soften against him, relaxing into his hold. Yet a part of you strained,
quietly crying out for that desire once more. You wanted to see him. You wanted to touch
him, to feel him, to understand him. Yet you knew that there may never be a day where Din
would bare himself to you, and that you must make your peace with that.

And yet...

"I wish I could kiss you." You breathed, as if the words were a prayer.

Then you blinked, realizing that you had just spoken aloud. Din froze, not moving, and you
felt regret crawl up your throat, words trying to form themselves half-spoken. Then Din
pulled away from you, and panic truly began to take hold of you as your arms slid from his
back, falling back down to your sides.



"Din- I-I didn't mean-"

Yet then Din took those hands, the ones you had used to save him, had touched him so gently
with, had taken care of him, and he raised them upwards. Your words died in your throat as
your palms came to touch the cool beskar of his helmet, and in his visor you could see your
eyes shining in the dim lantern light.

"Close your eyes." Din whispered, and you blinked at him several times before a concerned
look crossed across your face. Yet before you could ask, Din murmured to you once more.

"Do you trust me?"

Your eyes slid shut before your brain even finished processing your answer, the reply an
instinct already ingrained deep in you. So, you whispered your answer, now blind with only
your ears and hands to guide you.

"Yes."

Your breath held tight in your chest, unmoving, as Din's hands came to close over yours, the
suede fabric of his gloves soothing your freshly scrubbed skin.

Then, Din's hands pressed down on yours, turning your feather light touch firm against his
helmet as he brought it up with a small hiss.

You didn't breathe, didn't move, and certainly refused to open your eyes as Din's hands, your
hands lifted up his helmet from his face, revealing the expression you couldn't see
underneath.

The edges of your fingers skimmed along curly hair as Din helped you lift the helmet all the
way from over his head. The breath in your chest finally escaped you, able to be held no
longer, and you could hear the stuttering exhale as the helmet vanished under your grip.

There was a small thunk as Din placed it on the storage unit next to you both, leaving your
hands hovering in the air beside his face.

In your next inhale you drew them closer, finally allowing the pads of your fingers to cup
your Mandalorian's face for the first time. You could hear Din's sharp intake of breath, then
felt that same breath release itself from his nose, ghosting over the skin of your wrists. Your
nails raked gently against his jaw, feeling the tell-tale scruff there. You traced his jaw up to
his hair, ghosting over the curly locks soft against your touch.

Din was patient as you explored him by touch, his own hands coming to rest against your
own face, gloves soft against your cheeks. Neither of you spoke, as you tried to understand
the map of Din's face, and Din let his own eyes take in the awe painted across your face.

At last, your thumb grazed across Din's bottom lip, and you both drew in a breath at the
motion, remembering the words you had spoken only moments ago.

"Din." You whispered, and now the name came with so much more than a sight, a feeling.
Now the sound of his name brought forth the feeling of your touch on his face, with his



messy helmet hair and the softly smiling curve of his mouth as you whispered his name once
more. "Din."

"Cuyan." Din whispered in reply, and suddenly, gently, you were being brought up, towards
him, to where his lips parted to meet yours.

He was gentle, more so than you imagined. The hesitant touch of his lips on yours was small
at first, chaste and almost shy. His hands against your face were delicate yet firm, cupping
your cheeks and letting your head fall into his hands. You felt your own gasp tickle your skin
with how close he was. Yet his mouth did not stray from yours for long, as you reached up to
follow the contact. Without your sight it was a slight miscalculation, yet you could feel Din
smile against you with the motion, amused and soft with his love for you.

"Din." You whispered again, as if his name alone would keep you safe, would bring you
comfort, would draw him closer so he could kiss you again.

And he did, leaning down and kissing you with intent now. As if now realizing you wouldn't
back away, that he was allowed to touch you, he chased his own need against your lips. You
eagerly let him, trying to return in kind whilst reaching your hands up to press him
downwards, fingers raking through his hair.

Din kissed you as if you with softness so delicate and yet so purposeful you felt yourself
reeling from it. Was this the same man who had executed someone for daring to lay their
hands on you and the child? The one who had ruthlessly cut down an entire gang when he
saw your withered, poisoned form collapsed on the ramp of the Razorcrest?

Yet the way his hands snaked down to your waist to drag you closer, his trembling breath
against your face trying to seize oxygen in between the graze of his lips against yours, was
the same. This was the man who had held you gently while you slept, who had carried you
from the battlefield, who had held you in the silence of the Razorcrest's cockpit as he
confessed his fears, his mistakes to you.

This man was your fearsome protector, your beloved friend, your trusted companion, and
now, so much more. This man wanted you as you were, opened the gates of his heart to you
despite his hesitations, and now embraced you so tenderly that it stole the air from your
lungs.

"Cuyan." He murmured, and the sound was almost choked, as if Din too realized that his
fears had amounted to nothing, that you weren't leaving, that you were here, in his arms, safe.
"Beautiful Cuyan."

You gasped then, and it only allowed Din to deepen the kiss, letting your bottom lip be
caressed by his own. The hand in Din's hair weakened for a moment under the intensity of his
attention, and you arched into him as his hand pressed against the small of your back.

Then, with a lingering touch, Din drew back. Holding you still, he didn't move, and your lips
parted, waiting for him to return.

"What is it?" You asked in a whisper, and Din chuckled, the sound low and warm.



"Nothing." He murmured back. "Just...seeing you without my visor...it..." You could almost
hear him swallow this close as he tried to summon the words. "You're so beautiful."

Your heart caught then, a small feeling that made the rhythm in your chest stutter for a
moment. When was the last time someone had said that towards you? Who had they been?
The memory of a dozen different individuals making lecherous remarks towards you
surfaced, and yet in all of them you couldn't find one who spoke to you the way Din did.

You believed him. You knew Din would not lie to you, would not say something so
emotional and profound without meaning every word. The knowledge of that made a breath
sink from you, stuttering with the weight of his affections.

Din brought you forward once more, tucking your head against his shoulder. You leaned into
it, feeling nothing but comfort and bliss, wishing for all the world that the rest of your days
could be spent here, in his embrace.

"I love you." You repeated again. "Din Djarin."

Din sighed, the breath tickling your hair.

"I love you too." He murmured in reply, voice gentle and sincere and so full of love. Then, in
a breath that was barely a whisper...

He spoke your name.

Chapter End Notes

No notes this time, only that I really hope you guys enjoy this chapter, and how far these
two have come. This is only the beginning of their story, there's still so much left to tell.
This has been my favorite chapter to write, and my heart is just bursting with love for
Din and Cuyan.

Follow me on Tumblr for more updates and other pieces at Sprout-Fics.tumblr.com



Chapter 35: Part Thirty-Five: Bounty
Chapter Summary

"I know." He breathed, and his voice suddenly took on a gentler touch, one that made
your own posture ease at the sound. Your expression softened from frustration to
concern, stance loosening against his gentle hold.

"It isn't that I don't believe that, Cuyan." Din went on, trying to keep his voice delicate.
"It's that it's still too dangerous. I'll be able to focus better knowing you're here, safe, in
the Razorcrest. I don't want to risk putting you in danger again.” Then, after a beat:
”Mesh'la”.

The affectionate name made your knees tremble for a moment with the utter tenderness
at which Din spoke the word in Mando'a, letting it roll off his tongue as if it was the first
word he had spoken as a child. His concern for you bled through in his voice. You
almost let his words wash over you and assuage your fears, let them win you over so
you'd surrender.

Almost.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

"No."

"Please?"

"No."

"Din."

"Absolutely not."

You frowned up at the Mando through his visor, your displeasure clear in the beskar's
reflection.

"I can help." You insisted, voice hovering on the edge of desperation.

"You're still untrained." Din replied evenly, not budging even a single inch. Though his hands
remained loose at his sides, there was a tension in his shoulders you had come to recognize as
something akin to annoyance.



Your frown deepened at this, and you took a step closer to your Mando. Din's head declined
to see you, staring down past his chest plate to meet your eyes.

"My aim has improved a lot. Even Hana said so back at the covert. You saw how much I've
improved, I can help." You tried again, but this time you were only met with a steely silence
at your protests.

It was true, and Din knew that. Your weeks at the covert had been largely spent being flipped
on your back in sparring after sparring session, being closely supervised in blaster-arms
practice, and being disciplined in how to properly maintain the gear you had acquired,
scarce as it was. Din had played a large hand in your impromptu training, leaving a
substantial portion of the work to Hana, your newly acquired friend, but taking time to
oversee your progress as well.

Slowly, but with sure-footed strides, you had begun to make remarkable advancements in
your training. While you were by no means a Mandalorian, or even a bounty hunter, you had
managed to hold your own against Hana in your sparring sessions more than once. To be
able to fend off a Mandalorian, even for a short while, was no small feat, and Din had told
you as much at the end of one of your sessions. You had beamed at him, feeling your sore
muscles loosen under the warm gaze hidden behind his visor. You knew that with Din at your
side, you could face any opponent.

Things had been easier since that night, the one where you had tasted Din’s lips on yours and
let your breath echo against his own heartbeat. Though Din was not necessarily more
affectionate, or perhaps open about his intentions, he seemed…steadier. No longer at war
with himself, no longer trying to deny what was clearly there. Instead, his confession seemed
to bolster him somehow, like a heavy stone in the middle of a stream, unable to be moved.

At one point, when you both had been watching Paz instruct the covert’s soon to be warriors,
Din had even reached for your hand.

Hana, for her part, knew when to step in and when to sneakily slip away so that it suddenly
became only you and Din sitting cleaning your blaster in the darkened hours of the
Coruscanti midnight. It seemed the huntress's instincts were just as sharp as you had
expected, noticing the subtle but undeniable shift in between you and Din following his
confession.

In fact, it seemed that most of the covert knew, somehow. Your slow but sure acceptance into
the tribe had eased significantly following the midnight conversation you two had had in
Din's bunk. Not that it was spoken of, save for a sudden bout of questions from the foundlings
that alerted you that your relationship with the Mando was not as secret as you had
originally though it to be. You had answered their questions as carefully as you could,
ignoring Umos's question about ridurrok which made your entire body warm to the touch and
stomach swoop at the thought.

You enjoyed your time at the covert, spending your days learning and training and enjoying
the comforting company of Din and the child, surrounded by other warriors where you knew
the three of you would be safe.



Yet eventually a narrow escape with one of the patrols and a bounty hunter snooping around
for you and the child had alerted you to the fact that it was time to move on. Staying in one
place for too long, even in the glittering metropolis of Coruscant, just wasn’t safe.

So, you and Din packed your gear back into the Razorcrest, leaving much of your supplies
behind with the covert, knowing they needed it more than you. With a bear hug from Paz, and
a solid firm grasp of Hana's vambrace against your forearm, you three had lifted off once
more into parts unknown.

That had been several standard rotations ago. Now, with the remainder of your scarce
supplies dwindling, Din had found it pertinent to find an assignment on a backwater planet
within the core to earn some much-needed credits.

Which led you to here and now, where you were practically chest to chest with the
Mandalorian, arguing that you would not be left behind.

Din stared down at you, the 'T' of his visor expressionless. Yet you could feel the tension
radiating in his form, spreading from his fingertips up to his shoulders. You didn't move,
staring up defiantly at him, the child in your arms worriedly looking between you both.

At last, Din sighed, the breath releasing the tension from his form. His hands rose up to hold
your arms carefully against your sides, gloved hands firm yet soft against your sleeves.

"I know." He breathed, and his voice suddenly took on a gentler touch, one that made your
own posture ease at the sound. Your expression softened from frustration to concern, stance
loosening against his gentle hold.

"It isn't that I don't believe that, Cuyan." Din went on, trying to keep his voice delicate. "It's
that it's still too dangerous. I'll be able to focus better knowing you're here, safe, in the
Razorcrest. I don't want to risk putting you in danger again.” Then, after a beat: ”Mesh'la”.

The affectionate name made your knees tremble for a moment with the utter tenderness at
which Din spoke the word in Mando'a, letting it roll off his tongue as if it was the first word
he had spoken as a child. His concern for you bled through in his voice. You almost let his
words wash over you and assuage your fears, let them win you over so you'd surrender.

Almost.

After a moment you shook your head, as if clearing your thoughts, turning your gaze back up
to him with a look of determination that made Din's hands tighten on your upper arms.

"No." You replied, voice unwavering. "I won't stay behind. I'm not doing that again."

To your credit, Din nearly took a surprised step backwards, body subtly rocking away from
you for a moment before resettling. You tried to pin him to the spot with your stare, pressing
forward and shortening the already close distance between you both as if it would help you
plead your case.



"Besides-" You went on, as Din's grip began to anxiously fist the fabric of your jacket sleeves.
"You aren't considering how I feel about this. You know how much time I spent in that
hellscape on Coruscant, thinking about how I'd never see you again? And you expect me to
just sit here and watch you march off into danger again? Without me?"

Yet then you softened, let your shoulder roll loose and felt the gravity of Din's grasp on your
arms.

"I know you want to keep me and the child safe. I know it's the last thing you want to put us
both in danger." Your brow creased as you spoke, eyes gentle and pleading up at your
Mando. "But the last two- three times you left us alone, terrible things happened. We were
kidnapped, I was stabbed, I almost died on Hypori when you left for help.” You sucked in a
sharp breath, trying to keep your voice steady despite your frustration. “We aren't as safe
here as you think."

Din paused, then shifted on his feet, the motion carefully rocking his weight from one foot to
the other as he considered your words. You stared hopefully up at him, trying to school your
expression into one of stubbornness, and failing easily.

Din remained silent, still, utterly frozen as he gazed down at you. His visor seemed to gaze
almost through you as he debated within himself whether to surrender. In your arms, Grogu
made a small babbling sound, almost out of concern, as if he understood the context of your
conversation.

"Fine." Din bit out at last. Yet his stance didn't ease at all with the word, instead further
tightening with the anxiety of his decision.

Before you could let the relief wash over you and light a smile on your face, Din cut your
thoughts off.

"But." And you paused, staring up at him anxiously as he continued. "You follow my
directions. If I don't like the situation, you get out of there as quickly as possible. If I say you
run, you run. If I say stay put, you don't move. Understand?"

You tried not to let your happiness bleed through onto your expression, nodding seriously at
Din's finger wagging in front of your face. Yet inside you couldn't help a thrill of excitement
at going on your first official bounty hunt with Din, something you had been working and
training for ever since you had woken up at the covert all those moons ago.

Din released his other hand from you, letting it fall to his waist, where it balanced as he let
out a suffering sigh, helmet averting away from your gaze. You could tell he was already
beginning to regret his decision mere moments after he had spoken it, and normally you'd try
to comfort him. Now, however, you were practically bouncing on your heels in excitement.

This was the life you had only dared to dream of as a mechanic on Kaddak. A life of
adventure and thrill, dashing off to daring expeditions in a crew of experienced travelers and
skilled pilots. Though this wasn’t exactly the crew you had imagined, the reality of your
wildest dreams coming to fruition electrified you nonetheless. The enthusiasm seemed to
lighten your feet, draw a light into your eyes at the thought of accompanying Din on his hunt.



Yet you also knew that this was a dangerous task, and that Din's concerns were entirely
justified. On Coruscant, Din had spoken to you in quiet hours as the child slept about hunts
gone wrong, about being nearly electrocuted, shot to pieces, stabbed, dismembered at the
hands of his quarry and other bounty hunters. There was a reason only the strong survived
this profession. Those who couldn't handle the challenge were either killed, disgraced, or
never heard from again. Din was right in being worried about your presence there.

Yet that danger felt like nothing compared to the thought of being left behind again. The idea
that cycles could pass without hearing from Din, that you'd be waiting in the cold empty
Razorcrest with the child hoping and praying he'd come back soon was far worse than any
threat from a bounty or fellow hunter. While Din was sure he was the one protecting you, you
had vowed to yourself long ago that you would do anything to protect him too.

That was the thought that finally settled you, let the excitement bubbling in your veins still
into a steady stream of focus.

Din gave you another glance, letting his gaze rest on your serious, determined expression
before heaving another small sigh.

"Get your gear." He announced curtly, turning. "We're heading out as soon as you're ready."

- - - - -

Daro was just as dense as Rishi, with its tumbling sloping forests and craig like mountain
ranges. However, while Rishii's heat prickled deep under Din's skin and made his flight suit
stick to him like a second skin, Daro's arid, cool winds tickled the small bit of exposed skin at
the nape of Din's neck in a sweet whisper. The dappled shade of the tall trees and pebbled
paths made the planet a lovely sight, encouraging Din to hike to the zenith of some of the
densely wooded mountains and take in the breath-taking views from above.

If he had to pick a place to lay low and avoid bounty hunters, Daro was a pretty strong
contender out of the places he had visited.

Which was probably why his quarry had decided to camp here.

Din had found the bounty posting a few parsecs over as he was spending the last of his
credits on restocking the Razorcrest. In the darkened corner of a market stall Din had used
his helmet to filter the sounds of the discussion loud enough for him to hear. In a stroke of
luck, the employer had yet to post the bounty. With a careful introduction and few convincing
words, Din had managed to grab it before the posting could make its way back to the guild.

Luck wasn't something Din necessarily had faith in, but he did admit it had been his friend as
of late.

The quarry was an ex-stormtrooper captain, one who had deserted towards the end of the
empire's reign of terror and had attempted his hand at spice running. With the logic they
instilled in the Empire's finest, the captain hadn't gotten far before he was in over his head,
and now had debts too large to pay back with mere credits. Unfortunately, the man's poor



decisions were about to catch up to him. As the saying went: for bounty hunters, one man's
misfortune is another man's payment.

It hadn't taken much to track the man down. Din didn't even need a tracking fob for that. He
had simply looked to the closest backwater planet in the sector, checked with some local
mechanics about fuel purchases to confirm his suspicions, and taken off with the Razorcrest.

It was only now, in the dense forests of Daro, with its bubbling streams and forest full of
fallen logs, did Din begin to encounter the true challenge of his hunt. Without a tracking fob,
it would require searching the entire planet for a single ex-stormtrooper to flush out Din's
prey. Fortunately, Din's years of experience allowed him to guess where he might find a trail
on his bounty: Near an old stormtrooper training base that had pinged against the
Razorcrest’s scanners.

With only so many supplies, the deserter would have to eventually rely on what he could find
on the planet. Din didn't put it past him to go for the easiest option, raiding the facility and
retreating into the woods to cover his tracks from other hunters. As much as the Empire liked
to put on a show, their stormtroopers were surprisingly simple-minded.

The cold steel of the facility walkway echoed under Din's boots, with yours echoing shortly
behind him. Normally Din would be laser focused on this hunt, easing quickly into the rhythm
of only him and his prey. However, with your presence close by, it was harder to keep his gaze
narrowed on the task at hand. The anxiety of suddenly being shot at, of some horrible mistake
resulting in your injury or worse had been quickly locked away as soon as the three of you
had set out. Yet the call of it rattled in the back of his mind, like a strange noise on a ship, one
he couldn't pinpoint.

You paused behind Din as he held up a hand, using the other to switch on a filter for his visor
to let him track footprints. Kneeling, he began to scan the grime laden floor, searching for
even the smallest remnant of life in the abandoned corridor. In the rubble and dust of the
bombarded facility, it was hard to pick out any patterns on the floor. With the burst windows,
leaves and debris had blown in, leaving the entire hallway to become overgrown and overrun
with nature slowly reclaiming its dominion over the base. Yet there, at the far end of the
hallway, a neon smear against the blue static of his vision alerted Din to the presence of
someone who had walked this hallway not too long ago.

Looks like his gamble had paid off.

"What is this place?" You asked from behind him, and Din's shoulders hiked at the sudden
noise of your voice. He cast a glance over his shoulder, knowing you couldn't see his warning
stare from past his visor, and held a finger to his lips in a silent caution.

To your credit, you understood his message almost instantly, stiffening and stance widening
in readiness. Beside you, the cradle hovered silently at your side, the child inside inquisitive
but also silent.

Slowly, Din stood. Switching off his filter, he cast another glance about, letting his senses
immerse into the silence of the abandoned base. Outside, against the structure built into the
mountain, the wind wafted through the shattered glass and carried the sound of birdsong.



Inside the facility only the artificial noise of durasteel walkways and corridors greeted him,
echoing in their desolate and abrupt emptiness.

Then he turned back to you, having made sure that at least this area was safe. At his shift
towards you, you relaxed, realizing that there was no immediate threat. Internally Din felt a
murmur of pride at how quickly you had picked up the subtle but distinct language of his
body, knowing when to be alert and when to stand down.

"Stormtrooper training base." Din answered at last in reply to your question. "From the early
days of the Empire."

You raised your eyebrows at that, looking around as if the added information could yield new
secrets to your surroundings. After a moment Din saw a shudder run through you, one you
tried to clamp down on and failed at.

"I like it better without the stormtroopers." You intoned dryly but couldn't entirely hide the
undertone of apprehension in your voice.

Din agreed silently, turning back to the task at hand.

"Whoever came through here is long gone." Din observed, standing and crossing his arms
sourly at the aged footprints. "But, I have an idea where they might be."

With that, he turned and strode back towards you, past you, feeling you turn after him as he
started back in the direction of the entrance. After a pause, you trotted to catch up, the low
whir of the bassinet following behind you.

As you both entered back into the rim of the forest, Din paused. You settled beside him,
staring into the woods ahead of you and watching him from the corner of your eye.

"Remember what I said." Was all Din offered to you, voice low in warning. In the silence that
followed, he knew you understood. Then, like a Nexu stretching low in the underbrush, Din
began to make his way into the forest with you at his side.

The forest on Daro was much quieter than Rishi, Din noted. Or Endor, or any of the other
many forested moons and planets he had tracked on. Normally bird song from high in the
treetops, alien creatures in the tangled roots of trees, and wind whispering through the
branches spoke a language that only the wilds knew on this planet. Here, however, everything
was muted. It seemed as if the forest here held its breath, afraid to speak. No doubt the
presence of the Empire, with its brutal and punishing regime, would stifle the presence of a
planet so thick with life. Even years afterwards, it still held a silence that spoke of a
treacherous past, one that left scars to this day.

You seemed to feel it more than Din did, shoulders hunched and eyes bright with focus on the
trail in front of you. Each foot you put down lay silently across the forest floor littered with
leaves and fallen branches, being extremely mindful of your presence.

It wasn't too long before Din began to pick up a trail, and as he followed it, it began to
intersect with other paths as well, as if this person had tried to approach the base at different



angles so as to confuse their pursuers. Not that it mattered much, when all the trails ended at
the same location on the other side.

Din paused just long enough to draw his blaster, and at the sight you did so as well, holding
yours in a white-knuckle grip from under your gloves. Knowing you were right behind him,
Din followed the freshest prints down a mossy slope, where they continued faintly on the
other side of a small stream.

Soon enough, the prints began to appear fresh, speaking silently of the trespasser that had
traveled through these woods, betraying their secret to the hunter. Din could also see the
signs where someone had dragged a crate or some sort of container and gave a small smile
at how easily he had guessed his bounty's plan to raid the base for supplies and retreat to the
forest, just as he thought.

The tracks followed up a shallow slope, then further to the ridge above. At this Din paused,
knowing that if his quarry had made his base on higher ground, it became all the more
difficult to approach without being detected.

Quickly, he turned, gesturing for you to come closer and duck down with him. You followed
instantly, eyes sharp and following his gesture intently.

"Stay here." Din whispered, voice low through his modulator. "Stay low."

You nodded, both hands still clasped tightly on your blaster pointed at the ground. With a
small press of a button, Din watched as the cradle closed shut, keeping the child inside safe
as it hovered at your side. Then, with a quiet, instinctual focus, Din turned back towards the
rise and slowly began to scale it with purposeful, silent footsteps, keeping low and out of
sight.

As he climbed, the trees began to thin. Twiny branches lessening as he ascended up, towards
their peaks. Sure enough, as he neared the peak, he could smell the remnants of a fire. The
already quiet sounds of the forest dimmed to a low, distant hum as he slunk forward, eyes
bright and body tensed in anticipation.

Soon, Din found himself stopping short at a pile of worn, weathered boulders. There he
paused, listening for sounds of life on the other side of his hiding spot. Pressing himself flat
against their mossy surfaces, Din kept his blaster ready and slowly peered over their tops.

There, not too far away, hidden in the underbrush on a small rounded hilltop, lay a small but
well-crafted campsite. To an untrained eye it appeared as nothing but a strange collection of
brush and fallen tree branches, but to Din's bounty hunter sights, it became clear that this
campsite was home to the target he was hunting for.

A small bushcraft shelter lay off to the side, covered by moss and leaves so as to appear more
like a small hill than anything man-made. Another pile of rocks and branches off to the side
hid several supply crates obscured by netting woven with leaves. There, at the very entrance
of the shelter, sat a tell-tale circle of stones with a thin wisp of smoke floating up from the
dying embers.



But no quarry.

Din felt his brow furrow. Maintained as the campsite was, it was conspicuously empty as
well. He had expected his bounty to perhaps be resting, or maybe hiding supplies. The
complete and total absence of movement would normally tell Din that his prey had since
moved on. Yet the smell of smoke wafted through his helmet as a signal that in these woods,
he was hunting as much as being hunted himself.

So, where was the bounty?

Din had just turned back towards the spot where he had left you and the child when the loud,
abrupt sound of a blaster firing shattered the tranquil silence of the woods. All at once a flock
of birds that had been preening noiselessly in the canopy above was startled into flight, and
what followed was the sound of your voice yelling in fear, calling Din's name.

”Stang.”

Din was skidding down the slope before the echo of the shot had even worn off. No longer
concealing his presence, he didn't bother to hide his approach as he raced towards you,
stones and branches skidding off the rise as he tumbled his way downwards.

Another shot, this time of your own blaster, made Din's hair rise on the back of his neck. Eyes
wide now, muscles taut and ready, he used the trunk of a sapling growing from the stony cliff
to swing around and peer down into the clearing where you were.

Except you weren't there. The bassinet was a short distance away, as if you had shoved it
aside during whatever struggle had just occurred. Yet your figure, which had been crouched
just below where Din stood, was conspicuously absent, as was the stranger who had likely
fired at you.

"Din!"

His feet were moving under him before he finished processing, launching himself off the slope
into a tumble, where Din quickly righted himself and sprinted off into the woods after your
voice.

Blaster drawn, legs pumping under him, Din tried to chase the trail of broken branches and
underbrush that you had left in your wake.

This is what he had been afraid of, his mind screamed; The thought of him turning his back
for only a moment, only to turn around and find you wounded, captured, worse.

This was all his fault. He should have never agreed to you coming along. Dank ferrick, he
should have put his foot down, forced you to stay in the Razorcrest despite your protests.
Now, he was chasing your trail through the forest, desperately tracing the broken branches
and scuffed dirt you had left in your wake.

You had been ambushed. That much was clear. The first shot that rang out wasn't yours. You
had likely stayed as Din had told you to, and somehow the bounty had managed to give Din



the slip as he approached. Slithering around Din's scope of vision, the ex-captain had
probably found you hiding in wait and hadn't missed the opportunity to attack you. Your first
instinct had been a good one, to kick the bassinet out of the way and into the underbrush
before fleeing into the woods, using yourself as bait to lure your opponent away from the
child.

It was smart thinking on your part, but the fact that you had been put in that situation in the
first place made Din's skin prickle with a toxic combination of anger and fear. After all, it
was him who had told you to stay where you were, to stay hidden and hopefully out of sight,
only to have the tables turned on him.

Now, Din paused, his distracted thoughts causing him to momentarily lose the trail in front of
him. Chest heaving, eyes wild, he spun to try and locate any indication of where you had fled,
your attacker hot on your heels.

"Cuyan!" He roared, voice hoarse and carrying up to the treetops.

"Din!" Your voice called distantly off to his left, and Din again began to crash through the
bramble and ferns in a desperate attempt to reach you.

"Cuyan!" He called again, voice on the brink of cracking. Yet this time you didn't answer, and
Din's already pounding heart seemed to stutter violently in his chest. With a curse, he
reached up a gloved hand and turned on the visor in his helmet, seeking out any neon-colored
heat signature in the otherwise empty forest.

There, far ahead and to his left, he could see your frame crouched behind a boulder, weapon
drawn. Din's feet turned in mid step, carrying him in that same direction, each footstep
racing in time with his wild heartbeat.

When he finally burst through the foliage, it wasn’t to the sight he had imagined. The terror of
you being restrained, of being hurt by this unknown assailant, of being harmed or even
worse, seemed to waver in front of him. Yet that wasn't what he saw.

Instead, it was the cold, metal barrel of your blaster aimed right at him.

Din looked past it, body automatically rigid, to where your eyes gazed over the top of the
weapon, alight with focus and fear.

"Duck." You choked out, the weapon in your hand trembling.

Din's body moved before his mind did, dropping without hesitation to the forest floor. Over
him, the unmistakable sound of your weapon firing rang out in the space where his head had
been a millisecond prior.

Just as he was about to roar at you for pointing a charged weapon at him, Din heard the tell-
tale sound of a blaster bolt impacting plastoid armor. Head whipping, his eyes followed your
line of fire to a form crouched low in the bushes only steps behind him. As he watched the
bounty he had searched for crumpled in on himself, the readied blaster in his hand falling out



of his limp grasp as his knees buckled and he fell to the ground, a smoking hole square in the
center of his chest armor.

Before Din could even process what had just happened, you rushed forward, weapon still
ready. Chest heaving, eyes wild, you kicked the man over onto his stomach. The stormtrooper
grunted, groaning in pain as you settled your knee in the center of his back, barrel shoved up
against his skull.

"Your cuffs." You shot at Din, voice hoarse, hands shaking, hair wild and eyes bright.

Din didn't answer. Rather, he just stared at the sight in front of him, abruptly awed to the core
at what he was seeing.

Despite the tremble in your hands, the shake of your arms and stuttering breath in your chest,
you kept the man down skillfully just as Din had taught you. Whatever uncertainty remained
in your thoughts was overridden with a base desire to attack, protect, defend from the threat
in front of you. In the afternoon sunlight, cast gently through the trees, your form radiated the
instinct that Din admired so much about you, the desire to survive.

And Din, Din felt his heart flop helplessly at the sight, of you being so protective over him, of
being so capable at handling yourself without him. It stirred something inside of him that had
existed for some time, but now seemed to awaken at the vision of your bright eyes and taut
form crouched low over his quarry.

"Din." You spoke again, voice firm but breathless. All at once the vision was pushed aside as
Din fumbled for his cuffs, bringing them forward to secure the bounty under you.

"Are you-" He started, words failing him as he tried to come down from the dizzying
combination of fear and...something else...inside him. "Are you alright?"

You looked at him then, blinking several times. Din could see the haze of focus and
combativeness fade from your gaze, and after a moment you stared at him like you had just
noticed he was there.

"Me?" You echoed, and then after a moment of processing his words, seemed to realize what
he had just asked of you.

"I'm fine." You spoke at last, voice tumbling free from your chest. "He-he tried to get the jump
on me, on me and the kid. I-" You paused, and it seemed with every heartbeat you were slowly
coming down from that inherent instinct to fight, to attack, back to the place where Din
wanted to touch you, keep you grounded there with him.

"He missed. I think I called for you, but he heard and started to run off. I knew he couldn't get
away so I-"

"Chased after him?" Din asked incredulously, and for a moment you blinked at the sudden
disbelief in his voice. Then, as Din began to understand what had actually transpired, his
voice shifted towards anger. "Do you have any idea how dangerous that was?"



"Please just let me go." The man moaned, still pinned by your weight on his back. In his
moment of distraction, Din almost felt bad for the man. That thought was quickly brushed
aside at the reminder that it was men like him hunting you and the child, willing to do
anything for the Empire as long as it served their needs.

"Shut up." Din snapped at him, turning his gaze back to you.

"You chased after him." He repeated to himself in disbelief. "Ignoring that I told you to stay
put, what I told you to do to keep you safe and followed him without me?"

Your face fell, finally recognizing your mistake. Then Din saw your brow furrow, mouth
tightening in defensiveness.

"If I had waited, he would have gotten away!" You bit back, voice teetering on the edge of
shouting. Normally, Din wouldn't rise to an argument, but with the fear of your sudden
disappearance still hot white in his veins, he felt himself stiffen and drew up at you.

"I told you to stay put!"

"He was going to escape!"

"You aimed your blaster at me!"

"He was going to shoot you from behind!"

"I'm wearing Beskar!!"

"Please." The man groaned again, and this time Din wasn't sure if the plea was to be let go,
or simply to escape the sudden quarrel occurring above his injured form.

"Hush." You hissed down at him this time, digging your knee a little harder into his spine.
The man whimpered.

"That was incredibly reckless." Din spoke, drawing your attention back to him. You opened
your mouth to retort, body radiating irritation, but faltered at the way Din held himself. With
his fists clenched tight, shoulder scrunched, head bent and a tremble in his palms, all at once
you could see that this sudden outburst was one born less of anger, and more of fear.

You softened then, realizing that the source of Din’s voice biting out admonishments to you
was due to the fact that he was concerned for you. Though your hands remained stiff, still
holding the blaster barrel level with the ex-stormtrooper’s head, he could see the subtle shift
in your form, the anxiousness washing over your expression.

Din wanted to say more, irritation and concern prickling under his skin, but he tried to level
off voice so as to not upset you. He was angry, less so at you and more at himself for letting
this happen. Yet now, with the bounty subdued and you unharmed, the danger had passed.
With a deep inhale, Din tried to steady himself before he spoke next.

"Cuyan, I'm not sure whether to be upset or proud."



At that your face lit up once more, then quickly you schooled your expression into one of
sheepishness, realizing your mistake but preening nonetheless at Din's praise. It was rare for
Din to offer praise, and the fact that he spoke of it now, while his target was still far beyond
the ship and in the open, was exceptional.

“But-“

You averted your eyes abashedly, still aware that Din was slightly angry with you.

“-Do not ever do that again.”

You nodded after a moment, and Din could see you meant it with your bright eyes and earnest
gaze. Only then did he let himself relax, let out the breath he had been holding.

Then, turning his attention to the quarry still pinned under you, Din drew himself taut, used
his shadow to blot the sunlight from the man’s gaze.

“You were lucky it wasn’t me who found you.” Was all he spoke, watching the man’s face fall
despairingly and shoulders tremble in fear and pain.

“Get him up.” Din instructed you. “We have a long hike back to the ship.”

- - -

It was only once the bounty was safely encased in carbonite that Din let his head loll against
the bulkhead of the Razorcrest, listening to the metallic thunk his helmet made with the
durasteel. The chill of the carbonite still stuck to his armor, burning a cold imprint through
his flight suit.

“Din?” You asked anxiously from the ladder to the cockpit.

Din’s head turned towards you, weary gaze taking in your figure shifting your feet restlessly
as you tried to get his attention. Din could see your face, sour yet contemplative as you
scuffed your boots against the Razorcrest’s floor.

Sensing your unease, Din rolled his shoulders to push himself off the wall behind him. His
slow, purposeful footsteps echoed heavy on the metal grating of the Razorcrest’s hold as he
approached you. You pointedly avoided his gaze as he came closer, hands fidgeting with the
hem of your jacket, absent of the now sleeping child.

Din stopped just short of you, head bent to look at your face. Even then you didn’t meet his
stare, chewing on the corner of your mouth as you tried to summon the words needed to
address what had happened earlier. Din tilted his head, watching the motion. After several
more moments of silence, he lifted a hand, daring to reach out and touch you in this beautiful
yet complex moment of vulnerability.

Gently, his hand curled, and with a single finger, he lifted your face to gaze up at him. Your
eyes were open with your thoughts, anxious and yet hesitant to offer the words you likely
expected him to hear. In the time he had known you, Din had grown to read you just as easily
as any member of the covert he had ever known.



You wanted to apologize. You didn’t regret what you did. You thought he was still upset. You
didn’t want him to be angry.

You cared about him.

Din breathed through his nose, letting the air tickle the scruff of his jaw on the inside of his
helmet. Then, ever so gently, he offered:

“I’m not mad. Not at you.”

Relief instantly washed over your features, posture loosening and hands ceasing in their
movements before carefully reaching up to his own gloved palm. As Din watched, you took
his hand and pressed it to your cheek, not minding the smear of dirt it left across your
cheekbone. The motion made that familiar flutter rise inside him again, and for a moment he
was reminded of your wild eyes and crouched form in the forest. The image made his heart
beat faster, summoning a foreign but not unwelcome desire deep within his stomach. The idea
that you had come so far in your skills, had become so capable and yet retained that almost
feral, protective urge did something to him that he didn’t quite understand yet.

Din had to bite down on the sudden, strange urge to kiss you.

“I didn’t mean to worry you.” You provided at last, voice gentle, drawing his attention back
beyond his thoughts. “I just…I know that this bounty was important. Know that it’s hard to
find work. I…wanted this to work out for you.”

Din felt something inside of him ease, like a window being blown open by a soft breeze. As
much as he still wanted to be upset over your sudden disappearance, over ignoring his
instructions designed to keep you safe, he knew you didn’t do it out of malice; and that- that
was because you cared for him.

He sighed, and the sound seemed to release the remaining tension in his body. You looked up
at him, and again Din felt a wash of affection come over him at the care in your gaze. Stars,
how he had managed to somehow end up with you at his side, it seemed to defy all of the
possibilities he had ever conjured for himself.

“I know.” He answered, voice dipping low. “I just…when I came back, when I saw you were
gone- Cuyan. I-“

The familiar fear at your absence rose within him once again, the same fear that had stalked
him every step of the hunt prior to that horrifying moment when an unfamiliar blaster shot
shattered the peace of the tranquil forest.

You nodded, the motion familiar against his hand pressed to your face. “I’m…sorry.” You
spoke at last, voice hesitant with the apology. “Not for getting the bounty, but…for doing that
to you. Especially after I argued with you about the same thing before that.”

Any sense of triumph at receiving an apology from you was muted by the solemnity of your
words, earnestness bleeding through your voice and chipping at the walls Din was built for
himself.



Yet with you, always with you, those walls began to crumble, letting the warmth of your
beautiful soul pierce through Din’s defenses.

As if in a final, deadly blow, you reached forward, letting your arms slide around his
midsection and meet in the back. Din at first flinched at the embrace, the gesture foreign and
unfamiliar to him. Yet you persisted, keeping him steady against his own hesitations. Here, in
the place between words, you could convey those feelings that you had spoken to Din in the
midnight of just you two.

And Din, Din was helpless against it. Helpless against your firm but gentle touch, your
determination to uncover him piece by piece, your assurances that, with you, he wasn’t alone.

Carefully, Din’s arms settled around you in return, eyes closing in surrender at this
comforting but familiar presence, at the place where he loved you.

There would be more to discuss later, words to be shared in the silent blue hum of
hyperspace. Yet for now, all was forgiven, and once again he was with you, just as you were
with him.

Chapter End Notes

I'M ALIVE!!!

Grad school has yet to kill me, though it is trying its best :'-) Super looking forward to
winter break where I can hopefully get the next chapters I have planned out for the big
plot reveal I've been planning since I STARTED THIS GOSH DANG SERIES.

Anyways if you still read this despite my lack of updates I love you very much, your
comments and feedback and continued support mean everything to me.

Also happy Turkey Day to my Americans readers. May your plate be full and stuffing be
bussin.

Love you all, see you soon.



Chapter 36: Part Thirty Six: Ocean Waves
Chapter Summary

Din remained silent, gaze unwavering. Yet when he cocked his helmet at you, as if in
consideration, you felt a small trill run up your spine in anticipation.

"Come here for a second." He spoke, and you didn't miss the way his voice was pitched
lower, tone a little darker with his words.

"Hmm? Why?" You asked, a puzzled look across your face, not bothering to hide your
smirk.

Then Din shifted, let his visor catch the shade of the tree as he fixed himself on you. You
couldn't suppress the shiver that ran through you, noticing the distinct difference
between simply Din and the hunter known only as Mando.

"Cuyan." Was all he spoke, the word simple and yet containing multitudes.

Chapter Notes

Obligatory Beach episode, or as I like to call it: Four thousand words of foreplay

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The taste of salt was heavy on the breeze against the mid-afternoon sun streaming down onto
your face. You held a hand up, watching the sunlight flicker through your fingers, a smile
clear against your lips. The sound of crashing waves against the sandy shore under your feet,
ocean water licking at your toes and wind tickling your cheeks seemed to be some type of
blessing you hadn't understood before, but found yourself entranced with nonetheless.

Maker, Din sure knew how to pick the planets you stopped on.

You weren't sure if this planet even had a name, or if it was much like the nameless moon you
and Din had spent several days on after your original meeting. Either way, it was the perfect
place to lie low for a bit after Din's client had begun asking one too many questions following
your delivery of your previous bounty to them. You had still gotten paid, thanks to Din, but it
meant that you three would have to take a while to stay quiet, hidden, away from bounty
hunters or imperials sniffing your trails.



Not that you minded of course. Now with a fresh load of supplies, a cache of credits, and the
three of you safe, you had all the time in the world to enjoy some peace and quiet in what had
to be the most beautiful planet you had been to yet. With its pristine white beaches, crystal
blue waters, shady frond trees, and hazy green sky, you couldn’t imagine a better place to rest
after your small adventure on Daro.

Din had seemed twitchy at first following his terse conversation with his client, but as the
days had passed and the ship's sensors had yet to ping another ship entering the planet's
atmosphere, he too had begun to relax. He had even taken the time to keep you up to date
with your training, despite your protests and preference for exploring the small beach side
area he had dropped the Razorcrest onto. You knew he was doing it for a reason. You couldn't
stay here forever, such was the life of a fugitive, and you had to be ready in case the worst did
come to pass. If a rogue hunter showed up, you had to be prepared to do what you needed to
in order to protect yourself and your tiny clan.

Yet in the hours that Din wasn't drilling you, wasn't looking over his shoulder or checking the
signal on the Razorcrest’s sensors, there was a peace, a serenity that you couldn't remember
having since your time together on Rishi.

You spent what time you had entertaining Grogu, searching the dunes for small creatures
with him, wading into the crystal blue waters up to your thighs with him (and never past, Din
had made you aware that there could be even larger creatures below the surface). Grogu was
endlessly delighted by his surroundings, cooing and giggling and babbling at the shadows
cast long by the frond trees, at the tide washing over the hem of his clothes, at you lifting him
high into the sun and returning his toothy grin.

Such was the case right now, as Grogu stayed close to the water's edge, never farther than his
feet hovering near the wet sand touched by the waves. You had waded a bit deeper, skin still
shiny with sweat from your earlier practice with Din. Stripped down to nothing but a pair of
compression shorts, the fabric poncho from Rishi wrapped around your waist, and a tank top,
you occasionally splashed a bit of water closer to Grogu, much to his delight.

Din watched from the shade of a nearby tree, resting on a small rocky outcrop from which the
tree had managed to sprout. Far removed from the sand, which he had already grumbled
about, he watched over the two of you with a keen ear bent towards the Razorcrest, should
the proximity alarm ping. With his arms crossed over his chest-plate, visor tilted low to watch
you two, his posture seemed less guarded and more...open.

Yet there remained a stiffness there you couldn't entirely decipher. Almost as if he was
uncomfortable somehow, Din continuously shifted and readjusted as you played with the
toddler at the edge of the water. You had cast him a few curious glances, but when they had
gone unreturned, you had shrugged it off as him being overheated under the sun and the
weight of the beskar.

"Din look!" You called, straightening after bending over into the gentle waves, holding aloft
an iridescent shell. Din seemed to almost startle, as if lost in his own thoughts until you
called him.



You trotted up and out of the waves, the shell cupped in your hands and delight clear on your
face. Din watched you approach silently, arms uncrossing as you offered the small token for
him to inspect. Behind you, Grogu waddled up to follow, making a small plaintive noise at
being briefly left behind. You turned to scoop him up into your arms before focusing again in
the Mandalorian in front of you.

"It's pretty, isn't it?" You asked excitedly. "When I washed the sand off, it almost looked like
beskar because it's so silver and reflective."

Din huffed in thought, turning the shell over and holding it aloft in the sunlight.

"A little bit." He offered after a moment. "Probably not as sturdy."

You laughed, the sound warm and pleased. "Probably not." You agreed, a broad smile across
your lips. "But few things are, really."

Din remained silent, his focus on the shell in his gloved hands. You watched him, watched
the sunlight flash off his visor and glint from his helmet. Not for the first time you wished
you could see his face, see the expression he was making underneath the helmet. A part of
you clenched at the thought, knowing it was incredibly unlikely you'd ever see his face. So
instead, you let your imagination fill in what you couldn't see, imagined the small warm
smile tugging at his lips, eyes soft.

"Can I keep this?" He asked, and you blinked in surprise at the question.

"Uhm, sure. If you want it. I'm sure I can find some others like it." You replied, friendly, if
not a bit confused.

"Doubt it." Din muttered, turning the shell over in his hands and smoothing a thumb over the
ridges and grooves on the other side.

You didn't really know what to make of that, but you didn't need to, because soon Grogu was
wiggling, trying to reach out for a butterfly that flittered just out of reach of his tiny grasp.
Immediately you were distracted, helping the child in your arms chase after the insect, both
of you giggling and trotting off. With the water dripping from your bare legs, arms full with
the child in your hold, and bright smile, you had no idea the imprint you left behind in Din's
eye.

These gentle, safe moments were everything to him. To see you smile, to see you and Grogu
carefree, happy and delighted stirred a profound contentedness in him he previously had been
unaware of. The idea that here there were no bounty hunters, no guild, no Empire, no
underworld conflicts, only you three watching the days pass in a quiet, unspoken and
profound happiness made something in Din ache so fiercely he had to put a hand there to
quell it.

Yet you didn't know any of that, blissfully unaware and yet beyond joyful at the same
prospect; That for a while you three didn't have to run, didn't have to hunt, didn't have to
fight. For the time being you could simply exist, together with each other, each day as
ecstatic as the last.



It took some time, but eventually Grogu wore himself out in his small adventures. Now pliant
and sleepy in your arms, he tucked himself against your chest and let out a series of drowsy
wordless murmurs there. You carefully carried him back to the bassinet waiting beside Din,
tucking him in and shutting it closed from the sun so he could nap.

Din's gaze never left you all the while, tracing every moment of your delicate handling of the
child as you murmured a soft hush to lull him to sleep. The intensity of it jarred you a bit, but
when you turned to ask a question after his sudden attentiveness, he again focused on the
shell you had given him earlier without a word.

He pointedly ignored your quirked eyebrow at his strange behavior, and you decided not to
press it. This wasn't the first time he had suddenly started acting oddly, withdrawing into
himself and his thoughts and avoiding your pointed glances. The truth of it would come out
eventually, you knew. In the meantime, you could focus yourself on other things.

With Grogu asleep and Din watching over next to him, you paced a ways away into the sun
before stretching your arms over your head, bending your spine until it released some of the
tension there. Then, with Din's gaze boring into your back, you began to wade into the water,
bending over once more to skim the sand for shells.

You were almost certain you heard a noise behind you, something akin to a hum of appraisal.
Yet when you turned to shoot Din a look he once again avoided your gaze, pretending to be
fascinated with the object in his hands and keeping his boots safely away from the sand.

Hm.

The beginnings of realization began to take shape in your mind, and soon a playful smirk
tugged at your lips. So that's what it was. That explained why he was watching you so
closely. Din was a man after all, one who had confessed his attraction to you. You didn't
know why you didn't realize it sooner.

He was ogling you, trying his best to hide it behind not-so-subtle pretense.

The memory of the lagoon on Rishi had not escaped you, replaying in your mind more
vibrantly with each passing moment Din avoided your mischievous stare. Din had caught you
completely bare entirely on accident, the ordeal mortifying to you both. Yet it wasn’t but days
later when he had murmured the first inklings of his feelings towards you in the sunset
twilight of Raider’s Cove, the soft petals of white flowers floating on the breeze.

“Pretty.”

Even so, the reminder that he had been nothing but respectful when he had encountered your
naked form slipping from the lagoon but had failed to contain the strain in his voice now
appeared unabated in your thoughts.

You had been mortified then at first, embarrassed to the core of Din having seen any part of
you bare. You had been reassured by Din's forthrightness in admitting what he had and had
not seen, as well as his immediate apology following the incident. Previously, before Rishi,
you would be far too shy to so much as change your clothes near him. However, after having



spent so much time in the tiny proximity of the Razorcrest, having bunked together on more
than one occasion, and now having admitted to each other your true feelings, that shyness
faded away. Instead, what was left was a bit of boldness, an excitement that coiled low in
your gut at the possibilities your actions could lead to.

And Din, Din with his refusal to look you in the eye, to avoid your gaze, to pretend he was
enraptured with the gift you had offered him, provided you with the perfect prey.

You stood up again, stretching and letting your arms bend over your head. It wasn't as if you
were unaware of your charms, but your practice was...negligible to say the least. Best to try
and start with a subtle approach.

So, you continued your stretches, letting the warm sunshine onto your bare skin and body
loosen under Din's intent gaze. Even without turning to face him you could practically feel
how he stared at you, eyes raking up and down your form as you bent like a sapling in the
wind. Yet he didn't move, didn't make a sound.

Frowning, you decided that this wasn't enough. it was one thing to have Din's attention, but
your goal wasn't that alone. A mischievous part of you wanted to tease him, maybe even get
him to make the first move for once.

So instead, you bent down once more, making a point of facing exactly aware from Din so
his eyes rested on your barely concealed bottom as you feigned searching the white sands for
hidden treasure. Again, you heard Din shift on the rocks. When you made a point to give a
small, almost imperceptible wiggle, he cleared his throat. You had to contain a snirk at that,
lips pursing in the effort to not laugh.

However, there remained one more thing you could do to try and get a rise out of him.

Turning back to face Din, you flashed him a happy, innocent smile.

"I'm going to go for a dip. Wanna join me?" You asked, as if entirely unaware the effect the
question would have on the Mandalorian.

Din visibly stiffened, shoulders hiking upwards towards his helmet and a small sound stifled
in his throat. Yet his voice was ever cool and calm as he replied: "I'll pass. I hate sand. It
tends to get everywhere."

You gave him a pretend little pout before laughing it off, waving a hand dismissively as you
returned to the water.

"Be careful." He called after you, and you shot him a chagrined smile over your shoulder.
Then, as his focus remained entirely on your form, you shimmied out of your wrap, leaving
just your shorts. You relished in the sound that escaped him, and in a more daring move,
removed your top so that only your bra remained underneath.

Din was entirely too silent. Not moving, hardly breathing, gaze consumed by your nearly
naked form exposed in front of him.



It took you a moment, splashing your feet along the edge of the gentle lapping waves before
you quickly turned back to the Mandalorian to catch his gaze unwavering on you.

"Din." You spoke, feigning shyness and summoning your best embarrassed glance. "You're
staring."

Din choked.

"S-sorry." He spoke at last, voice stammering out the apology before ducking his head and
turning his entire body to look the other way from the water.

You laughed, the sound high and pleasant in your throat. Din cast a glance over his shoulder,
catching the playful grin on your lips. He jolted, as if abruptly realizing the game you were
playing. Yet before he could comment on your shenanigans, you ran at the waves and let the
water cover you up to your neck, a laugh bubbling up your throat and merging with the sound
of the ocean.

Skin warm with the sunshine and touched by the chill of the sea, you took your time with
your swim. Letting the aches and pains of your training from the past few days fade away
into the gentle rhythm of the ocean, you brushed off Din's intent gaze from the shore. You
knew you'd have to get out eventually, likely face the outcome of your teasing when you did.
The thrill and trepidation of it all wound in your veins. You liked this, liked this little game.

Usually, you'd want to get all this strange dancing around each other out of the way. Yet when
it came to Din, watching his squirm and mumble and avoid your gaze as he tried to control
himself, you couldn't help yourself. It was adorable the way he tried to be respectful despite
his thinly veiled intentions, waiting for your invitation to conclude this tango to its dizzying
finish. You wanted to tease him, wished you could see the soft blush on his cheeks from
under his helmet.

So, you did, dipping in and out of the water like some strange elemental spirit, letting the
waves crest over your head, only to emerge with a delighted gasp. You could feel the tide
against your bones, feel it try to drag you out to sea with every push and pull of the water. Yet
you stayed steadfast, never lingering too far away from Din and Grogu on the shore,
sheltered by the shade of the tall wavering frond tree.

It was only once you had properly exhausted yourself that you finally emerged, dripping wet
and limbs loose from your exercise. As gracefully as you could you waded from the water,
cocking a hip as you fussed with your hair and garments discarded at the edge of the water.
All the while Din's gaze burned into you, eyes watching you carefully like some jungle
creature from the underbrush. You tried not to shiver under his stare, aware of each and every
movement on your part. Yet once you were properly dry and you could no longer keep up the
charade of fussing with your clothes, you turned to the Mandalorian with an impish smile.

"That was fun." You chirped, making sure you didn't take another step closer to close the gap
between you and the bounty hunter.

Din remained silent, gaze unwavering. Yet when he cocked his helmet at you, as if in
consideration, you felt a small trill run up your spine in anticipation.



"Come here for a second." He spoke, and you didn't miss the way his voice was pitched
lower, tone a little darker with his words.

"Hmm? Why?" You asked, a puzzled look across your face, not bothering to hide your smirk.

Then Din shifted, let his visor catch the shade of the tree as he fixed himself on you. You
couldn't suppress the shiver that ran through you, noticing the distinct difference between
simply Din and the hunter known only as Mando.

"Cuyan." Was all he spoke, the word simple and yet containing multitudes.

Oh.

Your feet began to carry you forward, almost on instinct. The jig was up now, and you knew
it. If you pushed your luck any further it could result in something you hadn't exactly
bargained for. Best to quit now while you were ahead...if only barely.

You stopped just shy of him, wet feet still caked in sand and brow damp. Cocking a hip, hand
balanced there, you mirrored his head tilt playfully, fluttering your eyelashes at him a few
times for good measure.

"Yes, Din?" You asked innocently.

Din's enigmatic silence was immeasurable, and with each passing moment you wondered if
perhaps you had pushed him a bit too far. Then, coolly:

"Close your eyes."

You blinked at him a few times, unsure if you had just heard him correctly. However, when
Din tilted his head at you impatiently, arms crossing and body reclining backwards, you felt
your breath catch, eyes fluttering closed.

For a few moments nothing happened. The anticipation broiling low in your stomach seemed
to fizz out in your veins. Din didn't even move, just sat watching you with your eyes closed,
toying with your bottom lip as you tried and failed to be patient.

Then, after what seemed like a lifetime, you heard the tell-tale sound of his helmet
depressurizing, hissing as he lifted it off his head. The sound made something swoop low in
your belly, breath catching in your chest as you once again tried to imagine what expression
played on his face.

Din took his time. Gone was the shy, abashed man from earlier, now having caught onto this
little tit for tat you had been toying him with and returning the favor in due process.

You nearly jolted when his fingers skimmed your bare arms, and it took you a moment to
realize that he had removed his gloves, letting his thumbs trace over your skin. You leaned
into the touch, hands fluttering at your sides as you tried to figure out where to place them,
where to touch him. Yet when you raised them Din made a small sound of disapproval, and
they fell back to your side once more.



"Din?" You asked anxiously as his palms cupped your arms, sliding from your elbows to your
waist. The touch there made you suck in a breath, the sound of which elicited a small,
bemused chuckle from the Mandalorian before you. You held that same breath, reminding
yourself exactly how different he sounded without his helmet on.

"Yes, Cuyan?" He asked mildly, as if mocking your earlier tone with him. Yet as he spoke his
hands drifted towards your hips, firm palms settling against them on either side.

You bit your lip, trying to ignore that same anticipation building within you, the same feeling
you had teased him with earlier. Maker, you wished he would just get on with it already,
allow himself to kiss you again like he had done in the pitch blackness of the Covert on
Coruscant. You could still taste his lips on yours, the thought of which made you shift
anxiously.

"Something wrong?" He asked, and now even you could tell there was a hint of
breathlessness in his voice, as if too was restraining himself. Yet his tone seemed casual,
almost flippant. It made you stiffen with the realization that, much to your dismay, he wasn't
going to give in. He was waiting for you to cave first.

You made a small sound at the back of your throat, expression shifting to try and concentrate,
not let him win this battle of attrition with you. The temptation was there, stars above you
wanted to give in, wanted to kiss him, but that wasn't the point here. You wanted him to be
the first to surrender, wanted to feel the small triumph at having tested the bounds of his
patience and feel the rush of power that came with.

Yet Din's hands continued to roam against you, and soon he was leaning into you, practically
pulling you between his legs. With one hand reaching around to whisper against the small of
your back, the one beginning to fiddle with the knot keeping your wrap around your waist, he
spoke in a low voice:

"You didn't answer me."

Your exhale escaped you in a whoosh of air, eyes scrunched shut but only serving to enhance
your tactile senses, feeling Din's thumb peek under the hem of your shirt and graze your bare
flesh.

"N-nothing. I-it’s nothing." You bit out at last, a small part of you practically shouting in
dismay, wanting for this game to just end already.

Din hummed, and the sound warmed you even more than the sunshine hot on your skin.

"Is that so?" He asked idly, voice tenored deep in his chest. "Seems like something-" and he
paused, just long enough to let deft fingers undo the knot of your wrap, letting it fall from
your hips and flutter onto the beach below "-is on your mind."

That nearly knocked the air out of you, and now you could tell that with each skim of his
fingers against you, each exhale tickling your skin, your patience was wearing thin. You had
gotten in over your head. You'd admit that now. Yet you weren't about to give in. Not yet.



You hoped.

"M-maybe." You replied at last, biting your tongue after you had uttered the word. Din
chuckled, the sound low and oddly pleased. You could feel your defenses crumbling as he did
so, trying not to imagine how you must have been already pliant in his hands, pressing into
his touch and yet retaining the barest semblance of control over yourself.

Then, unexpectedly, one of Din's hands drifted past the small of your back, sinking down and
cupping an ass cheek before giving it a firm squeeze.

"Din!" You yelped, hands automatically flying to brace yourself on his shoulders. The heat
that coiled low in you only multiplied with his touch, spine arching with a shiver. Din
hummed a low note, the strain in his voice noticeable now, before letting his hand drift away
once more. You almost whined then, the sound stuck halfway up your throat before it could
escape.

"Din." You repeated, swallowing hard at just how needy you suddenly sounded.

"You have to tell me what you want, Cyar'ika." Din purred, and you couldn't suppress the
shudder that ran through you at his words.

Damn it all. Fine. Just this once.

"Kiss me." You muttered softly, voice almost petulant and words murmured against your
chest as you ducked your head. Your fingers toyed with the back of his cape, nervous and a
tad embarrassed at having given in to yourself, to him.

"What was that?" Din asked simply, hands stilling on you. "Didn't hear you."

Karking hell. You were going to find a way to get back at him over this. You swore.

"Kiss me?" You asked again, voice a little louder now, raising your head as if you could
somehow meet his gaze. Yet when Din didn't move, didn't even breath, you swallowed
thickly before trying again. "Please?"

Din was still for a few more moments, and for a fleeting heartbeat you panicked thinking he
wasn't going to act on impulse at all, simply let you go and leave you wanting.

But then-

You yelped when you were dragged downwards, finding yourself seated suddenly on a broad
thigh, the cool touch of beskar on the inside of your thighs. You gasped automatically, but
before you could even begin to ask Din had leaned up, capturing your lips in a kiss that was
nearly bruising.

"Din-" You wheezed against his lips, the sound of which Din drank down greedily. "I-"

"You think you can just tease me?" Din asked between kisses, and you felt your muscles coil
at how hoarse he sounded. "With how pretty you are? Carrying around the kid with almost
nothing on? Do you have any idea what you do to me, Cuyan?"



His lips dipped to your jawline, teeth grazing the skin there and making you let out a
shuddering gasp. Your arms wrapped around him, one hand coming up to tangle in his curly
hair as he nipped at the place where your heart thrummed violently against your throat.

"Wan-wanted to tease you." You keened, shivering at his hand crawling up the back of your
still damp shirt. "Saw you looking-"

"How couldn't I?" He asked back, voice on the verge of growling. "Seeing your gorgeous
karking smile, seeing you so happy and safe-"

That Mandalorian urge to protect, to keep safe, to guard and defend had only fueled this onset
of desire in him, you realized. This idea that you three were safe here, at least for the time
being, could roam and be happy in peace, seemed to create something in Din you hadn't
previously noticed, the results of which were now being spoken into your skin with a heated,
dizzying confession.

Stars above, he had never touched you like this before. All of Din's approaches towards you
had been gentle, respectful, almost shy. Yet now, as you writhed on his lap, his hum
reverberating against your collarbone and skin prickling from his attentions, you realized
exactly how much he had been holding back.

Din wanted you.

The thundering realization of it all had you fumbling your hands for his face, bringing it back
up and blindly pressing your lips against his with a breathy moan. All this time spent dancing
around each other, glances stolen in the darkened hull of the Razorcrest, fleeting touches and
self-contained dreams while you slept near him seemed boil over, leaving rivulets of fire
against your flesh.

When he had spoken to you, with that low tone, purring at the way you had reacted to his
touch alone, it bore a need, a desire in you that seemed unparalleled to anything you had ever
experienced. Din moaned against the corner of your mouth, and you drank it in like an elixir,
drunk off of his presence, his form, his touch, off of him.

"Cuyan-" Din choked as you kissed him in earnest now, returning that same ferocity he had
shown you only moments ago. His hands roamed freely now, and you could feel him
beginning to try and reach up, fumble with your bra under your shirt. You moaned
breathlessly against him, going as far as so slide yourself alone his leg, undulating in his lap
and making him stifle something akin to a gasp.

"The kid?" You asked, pulling back for a moment, both of you breathing hard.

"Sound asleep." Din replied quickly. "Though we should probably-"

Beep! Beep! Beep!

You almost opened your eyes in surprise at the sensor alarm, both you and Din freezing as
you began to process the sound. Within moments you were on your feet, turning away from
Din so he could grab his helmet and latch it on again with a hiss.



"Get the kid." He told you at once, and just like that, the moment vanished. Din defaulted
back to his baseline mode of watchfulness, eyes already scanning the perimeter of your little
campsite for possible threats. You nodded quickly at him as he began to quickly pace up the
hill towards the Razorcrest, and after you picked up the collection of items you had left
around the beachside, you followed him with Grogu's bassinet close in tow.

By the time you arrived Din was already prepping for takeoff, cursing quietly to himself. You
didn't bother to ask, already knowing that it was likely some other bounty hunter, spice
runner, smuggler, or stars forbid, an Imperial that had entered the planet's atmosphere nearby.
You couldn't stay, couldn't risk being found.

Din helped you rapidly load the remnants of your campsite back into the ship, folding the
tent, scattering the remains of the fire, and eliminating any trace that you three had been there
to start with. Within fifteen minutes of the sensor being tripped you were once again lifting
off into the atmosphere, Din calculating his next jump within moments of entering space.

It was only once the blue light of hyperspace danced across the reflective beskar of his armor
that you both let out a breath of relief.

The silence that followed was unsettled, uneasy, shared in the fact that but not minutes ago
you both had been tangled in each other's arms, only to have that bliss cut short by a narrow
escape.

You tucked into yourself in the seat behind Din, still slightly damp from the water and now
cold in the frigid interior of the ship hurtling through light-space. The memory of Din's hands
had not yet faded from your skin, his lips still ghosting a trace over yours as you let your
fingers hover there, trying to keep it just a few moments longer.

Din was equally silent, completely absent of the true side of him you had witnessed murmur
greedy words against your throat. Now he was back in that ever-present mask of being the
nameless Mandalorian sworn to his creed, ready to jump at whatever danger threatened the
three of you.

You sighed again, letting the air rush through your nose but choosing to forgo the words you
wanted to say, as if you could somehow bring that lost moment back to you both. Yet it was
gone now, shaken by the close encounter you had experienced.

Your thoughts floated back to the beach, back to the crystal blue waves and sparkling white
sands that had been home for but a few cycles. You wished you could have taken a holo-pic
before you left, so you didn't have to rely on just memory for that small time of bliss between
the life of a bounty hunter.

A gasp tore from your throat, the memory of scrambling to pick up everything as Din
prepped the ship sending a jolt of electricity through you. Din turned sharply in his chair with
the noise, hands already hovering to assist with whatever emergency was at hand. Yet instead,
he found your eyes full of despair, lip trembling and muscles tense.

"The shell." You explained quickly before he could ask. "The one I gave you. It was next to
you on the rock when-"



You watched as Din relaxed, and for a moment you were puzzled, as if he was merely
reassuring himself that such a tiny trinket wasn't worth your outburst. Yet then he reached for
a pack at his hip, unlatching it and withdrawing that same offering, letting it catch the
flickering light of hyperspace in his palm.

"This?" He asked, voice gentle.

The relief and delight must have shown on your face because Din chuckled. You smiled at
the sound, feeling some of that chill abate from your form at how he let his shoulders loosen,
posture lessen and become more open to you.

Then he brought it down to his lap, ducking his head a bit to inspect it once more. There was
a short pause, and you could tell from his mannerisms alone that he was holding something
tight to his chest.

"I...wanted to make you something out of it." He said at last, voice tinted with a small rasp.
"If you'd let me."

You blinked, watching him fidget with the shell for a moment before finding your voice:

"What will you make?"

Din glanced up at you, holding your gaze. You tried to envision his eyes underneath: open,
considering, warm.

"I don't know yet." He replied at last. "Something beautiful, hopefully."

You felt a gentle smile wash over your features, tilting your head at him with an affectionate
gaze. Something about his words stuck within you, spoke multitudes themselves about the
possibilities that the future held for the both of you, come what may.

So, you reached across, let your hand settle atop his, felt him turn over his palm to tangle his
fingers with yours. With all the love you could muster in the murmur of your voice, you
spoke:

"I think that would be wonderful."

Chapter End Notes

Sorry to be a tease y'all, lol. Good things are coming, I promise. We've got one more
chapter to go before the beginnings of Arc Four: The Prisoner. I'll be taking a little
hiatus after next chapter, as I'll be back in school once more. Hopefully I'll still be able
to upload at least once a month. 

(Also this entire chapter was me just yelling GET A ROOM at these two even though
it's my own story :'-) )



For further updates and chapter teasers, follow me on Sprout-Fics.tumblr.com!



Chapter 37: Part Thirty Seven: The Cantina
Chapter Summary

Motion caught the corner of your eye, and you glanced towards one of the tables where
a waitress shakily deposited a tray of drinks before trying to hurry off. Before she could,
that same burly Trandoshan who had caught your eye earlier seized her arm. The woman
yelped, and several patrons started towards the scene, only to hesitate when the
mercenary's fellows let their hands drift towards their weapons.

A wave of nausea washed over you at the sight of the girl's eyes, terrified and furious all
at once at being handled in such a way. In what seemed to be pure coincidence, those
same eyes caught your gaze, looking across the bar pleadingly.

The memory of your own pure, unfiltered terror at being chased down like prey, your
ankle grabbed in a bruising, burning grip seemed to seize you. The air in your chest
stifled, hands shaking and throat drying instantly.

You stood.

"Let her go."

Chapter Notes

For best effect listen to for the barfight Lindsey Sterling's "Master of the Tides"

and SWTOR Romance Theme for the inside of the Razorcrest 

(See A/N for PSA)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

"This was a bad idea."

 

Your eyes flickered to Din, glancing at him from across the rim of your mug. The lively hum
of the cantina around you did nothing to muffle his grumble directed at you. With his arms
crossed, form leaned back into the seat of the quiet booth you two had scrounged for
yourselves, his visor leveled at you through the steam of your drink. The warm, pleasant light
cast shadows against his beskar helmet, yet seemed to only deepen his disapproving stare at
you.



 

Your drink burned at the back of your throat as you swallowed, the heat and the alcohol
within warming your bones. You winced for a moment before settling your gaze back on Din
with a pleased smile.

 

"It's only my second drink." You chirped. "Plus, it's my share of the credits we got from the
bounty, so I get to decide how to spend them."

 

Din didn't reply, merely shifted his shoulders in a gesture you knew now radiated a mild
grumpiness.

 

The bar was bustling now that it was evening. In this sleepy little town you and Din had
found yourselves in, just far enough out of the hyperlanes connecting the other systems you
had been in to avoid detection. You had received quite the fair share of stares walking into
town earlier that day, and to be fair you couldn't blame the townsfolk for their curiosity. It
probably wasn't often that a Mandalorian, a strange green toddler, and a stowaway wandered
into the cantina. Yet despite the novelty of it all the townsfolks were quite welcoming,
smiling past their original trepidation once Din slid some credits onto the bar.

 

You scanned the cantina from the small but cozy booth you, Din, and Grogu sat at. While
Grogu was preoccupied with his plate of veggies, your eyes looked across the bar to observe
the crowd.

 

The town seemed to be farmers, mostly. Of what, you couldn't discern. Yet the men and
women walking into the small cantina bore sinewy frames from long hours spent in the
fields, wearing clothes made from a plucky fiber that seemed to originate from their life
harvest. Many sat at tables with their fellows, drinking and chatting and sending the
occasional curious glance at your booth. A group of young men lingered by the doorway,
sipping the same warm spiked drink you had in your hands and blinking into the darkness
beyond the threshold.

 

Your next sip drained the contents from the bottom of your mug, settling warmly in your
stomach. You sighed contentedly, loudly, earning a small huff of amusement from Din across
the table.

 



You turned to Din, finding him unmoved and his gaze ever present on you. Again, you smiled
at him, cheekiness tugging your lips askew.

 

"Not thirsty?" You asked teasingly, and this time Din's huff was less amused and more
depreciative.

 

"Not for that." He nodded to the empty mug in your grasp. "Smells terrible."

 

You laughed lightly, raising the empty cup to your nose and taking a sniff. The sharp, sour
taste of alcohol lingered even after it was gone, and you wrinkled your nose.

 

" 'is not so bad after the first...five or so sips." You defended, and you could practically see
Din roll his eyes under his helmet.

 

"If you say so." He replied derisively, uncrossing and recrossing his legs comfortably. "Just
don't get too far in, I don't want to carry you back to the ship."

 

You grinned at that, feeling the warm pleasant buzz of your drink lift you at the thought.

 

"Wouldn't be too terrible." You muttered, before catching a server's eye and gesturing for
another round.

 

Din's sigh echoed in the booth.

 

Truth be told, you were less interested in trying to reach your limit and be shamefully hauled
back to the Razorcrest than you were in trying to imbue yourself with a little liquid courage.
It had been days since your and Din's...would be tryst on the beach, and neither you nor him
had made any further attempts to finish what had started there. Din was preoccupied with
routing you three to a safe haven, ensuring the ship was in working order so it could jump to
lightspeed at a moment’s notice, checking and re-checking ammunition just in case.

 



Besides, you had your hands full with Grogu, who's energy seemed to have multiplied after
his time spent planet-side. Having gotten used to having a large area and endless playtime, he
had little patience for the tiny confines of the Razorcrest, and like a naughty kitten you had to
constantly keep an eye on him and prevent him from causing trouble. For now, at least, he
seemed sated, poking at his platter of vegetables with a fair amount of distaste.

 

“Eat up.” Din leaned over towards him with a small mutter, and you smiled. “Greens will
make you strong.”

 

“Better listen, pal.” You told Grogu. “Din means business tonight.”

 

Grogu made a small snort, either in acknowledgement, annoyance, or a combination of the
two.

 

You knew it wouldn’t be long before Grogu eventually finished his dinner and, after a final
spurt of energy, would fall into a long sleep, leaving you and Din alone. You were counting
on it, hoping to take the opportunity to finish what you had started on the glittering sands of
the secret beach where you and Din had kissed under the shade of the leafy frond trees.

 

Call it nerves or perhaps anticipation, but you weren't exactly confident in yourself to entice
Din the way you had on the beach. So, you had ordered a drink in hopes that maybe it would
give you the boost of confidence you needed to wrap your Mandalorian around your pinky
finger. You could have managed without, of course, but it was also an opportunity you got
rarely now; to sit, unwind, indulge in the company of your tiny clan in a jovial atmosphere.

 

Not to mention the idea of Din's arms around you as you two limped back to the ship
was...oddly endearing.

 

"Do Mandalorians drink?" You asked, swirling your third round of the night and watching the
steam curl. Din snorted.

 

"Some." He replied casually. "When I was a cadet I once had a sip of tihaar, Mandalorian
whiskey."



 

You blinked at him, noticing that the world was beginning to fuzz pleasantly. "And?"

 

"The stuff could power star fighters."

 

You barked a laugh at that, a note just a little too loud. It earned you several side-glances
from the other patrons before you covered your mouth in embarrassment. Yet across from
you, Din chuckled, and the sound warmed you more than any drink ever could.

 

Yet that pleasantness was abruptly dulled as the cantina seemed to quiet, the atmosphere
changing from friendly to terse in just a few moments.

 

Both you and Din turned towards the doorway, where the same group of young men who had
been standing there before backed away, clearing the entrance for a new group to walk in.

 

"Uh-oh." You muttered and could feel Din tense even from where you were sitting.

 

This new group that had changed the atmosphere within moments of their arrival strode into
the cantina like they owned the place. It was a formidable crew, composed mostly of off-
worlders that appeared to come from a variety of species, both human and not. Yet all of
them wore their weapons in full visibility, hanging from armored backs or worn holsters on
their thighs. Many sported scars across their bodies, some wearing what seemed to be
trophies of some sort from belts and armor.

 

Among them was a Trandoshan, huge and lean with sharp teeth and glinting eyes. You
couldn't help a little shiver at the memory of the one who had chased you down on Kaddak.
You noticed one of the newcomers, a Zabrack who appeared to be the leader, had what
appeared to be some type of electrostaff mounted behind one of his shoulders. He less pushed
his way through the crowd than the crowd seemed to part before him, murmurs and whispers
permeating the tense air around him and his crew.

 

You couldn't help but shrink a little further into the booth, trying to make yourself small and
unnoticeable. Even if this group weren't bounty hunters, they still looked like unwelcome



news for you, Grogu, and Din.

 

You cast a quick side glance to the Mandalorian across from you, who had leaned forward
with both arms on the table, eyes watching the group cautiously. Instinctively, you reached a
hand for the blaster at your side, finding it safely holstered near your thigh. Even if the group
weren't bounty hunters, the look about them didn't speak kindly of their intentions. Better for
them to not notice your little group and be on their way than to attract their attention.

 

The bartender stood stiff as a board as the leader of the crew leaned forward and swiped a
mug from a nearby customer, who froze in shock at the mercenary's audacity. Then the
Zabrack muttered some words to the bartender, who nodded numbly before busying himself
with something. A nod from the Zabrak leader sent the remaining half dozen members of his
crew striding through the cantina, taking tables unceremoniously from other patrons and
making themselves entirely too comfortable.

 

Your skin itched at the sight of the farmers being displaced by the rude newcomers, lips
setting into a tight frown against your expression. The poor folk looked shocked and upset
yet held themselves back from trying to defend themselves. You got the impression this
wasn't the first incident of this sort to happen here, and that the previous ones had not ended
well.

 

"May want to close your tab." Din spoke quietly across from you, and you glanced to see two
gloved fingers tapping against the table, eyes never breaking their focus on the scene before
him. You could only nod in response, raising your drink to your lips and swallowing thickly.

 

You wanted to help these people, you did. Yet you knew the precarious situation you and Din
were in, how one slip up on either of your parts would endanger not just each other, but the
child in your care. An Imperial bounty, much less two, was not an opportunity to scoff at for
criminals. Yet one of your legs bounced under the table, uncomfortable with the idea of just
walking away to leave the situation unchecked.

 

Motion caught the corner of your eye, and you glanced towards one of the tables where a
waitress shakily deposited a tray of drinks before trying to hurry off. Before she could, that
same burly Trandoshan who had caught your eye earlier seized her arm. The woman yelped,
and several patrons started towards the scene, only to hesitate when the mercenary's fellows
let their hands drift towards their weapons.



 

A wave of nausea washed over you at the sight of the girl's eyes, terrified and furious all at
once at being handled in such a way. In what seemed to be pure coincidence, those same eyes
caught your gaze, looking across the bar pleadingly.

 

The memory of your own pure, unfiltered terror at being chased down like prey, your ankle
grabbed in a bruising, burning grip seemed to seize you. The air in your chest stifled, hands
shaking and throat drying instantly.

 

You stood.

 

The motion seemed to settle a silence over the bar, and even the mercenaries seemed to
pause, take notice of you.

 

You faltered for a moment, suddenly aware of the two dozen or so eyes on your form. Yet
you didn't look at any of them, still staring at the young woman whose arm remained in the
Trandoshan's reptilian grip. You swallowed thickly, feeling that same liquid courage give way
to a new type of bravery.

 

"Let her go."

 

The Zabrack leader who was bent over the edge of the bar seemed to perk up at the sound of
your voice, as if mildly surprised you'd speak out. He straightened, turning to you, eyes
disinterested yet appraising. Then his gaze flicked to the Trandoshan member of his crew, and
he gave a small nod before the reptilian released the girl's arm. The waitress was quick to
scurry out of the way, sending you a concerned but grateful look as she cradled her arm and
ducked behind the bar.

 

You turned your attention back to the Zabrak leader, who continued to regard you with a mild
interest from across the cantina. The tension had not vanished from the atmosphere, and you
no found yourself to be at the center of both his and his crew's attentions. Yet you stood your
ground, swallowing hard before speaking clearly:

 



"Thank you."

 

You thanked the stars your voice didn't waver. However, neither did the Zabrak's attention
falter from you. You tried not to squirm under his stare, uncomfortable at his sudden
inspection of you. Briefly, you considered sitting down and letting the matter be. Before you
could, however, the mercenary spoke in a low, accented voice.

 

"Aren't you a little...foolish? To be a bounty hunter?" He asked, and the question made a
ripple of laughter run through his crew. You stiffened at the accusation, shoulders drawing
back defensively. You realized that’s what you appeared as, in your gear, with your blaster
strapped to your thigh, gloved hands clenched at your sides. For a moment you were grateful
that the pirate didn’t notice your face from any bounty boards. Yet your tongue seemed to be
sharpened by your prior indulgences, because before you could stop yourself you shot back a
retort.

 

"You're a pretty ugly for a guy who walks around like he owns the place."

 

Behind you, Din sighed.

 

A flicker of annoyance passed over the Zabrak's face before it was schooled into that same
indifference from before. He didn't reply, not at first, regarding you for a moment longer
before nodding to the Trandoshan, who stood. The chair under him squeaked against the floor
as he did, his breath rattling with a hiss as he towered to his full height.

 

You gulped.

 

"Greenhornssss always need a lesssssson or two." The Trandoshan hissed as he began to
make his way towards you, then paused.

 

You felt a familiar presence behind you, coming to stand just behind your back and glaring at
the Trandoshan over your head. A small sigh rose up your chest in relief with the knowledge
that Din was right there beside you, ready to intervene and offer his aid without you even
needing to summon him. A glance at Grogu found him climbing into his carrier, able to spot
trouble a mile off as result of his travels with you two.



 

"Take it easy." Din spoke, and you recognized the tone as one of negotiation, trying to de-
escalate the situation before it got even further out of hand. "We're just passing through. We
don't want to start trouble."

 

That wasn't entirely true. Not on your part. The anger at seeing someone mistreated, at being
insulted still boiled hot in your veins. Your fists were clenched at your sides, teeth grinding
and heart beating entirely too fast. Logically you knew it was safer to walk away, but the
alcohol had dampened your restraint, and you found yourself itching for a fight that you
knew wouldn't serve anyone.

 

"A Mandalorian?" The Zabrak asked, almost amused. "I thought your kind were extinct."

 

Now you felt Din tense, and you could imagine the almost imperceptible tilt of his helmet.
"Not all of us."

 

The leader hummed, and a wry smile crept onto his lips. With a snap of his fingers his crew
rose up as one. You couldn't help but take a step back, your body colliding with Din's sturdy
frame. Yet your Mandalorian remained unmoved, even when you glanced up at him in
concern.

 

"Too bad." The leader spoke, drawing your gaze. "I hear the price of beskar is pretty good
nowadays." and with that the crew began to advance on you.

 

Your breath seemed stuck inside your chest, a gasp to shallow to swallow down. The sight of
five different mercenaries stalking towards you and Din was something that even the liquid
courage in your bones didn't anticipate, and you couldn't help but be remain frozen to the
spot.

 

Yet just as Din was about to push past you, unholster his blaster and do what he had to,
movement made your eyes flicker past one of the burly mercenaries.

 



A young man, one of the ones who had been standing by the door, now stood behind one of
the gangsters with a look of determination shining past the fear in his eyes. You could see
him hesitate for a moment, take a step and then pause. Yet then his eyes locked with yours,
and you saw him draw himself up to his full height. In a single, fluid movement he hoisted
one of the chairs he had been perched on and spoke to the slighter pirate in front of him.

 

"Hey."

 

You watched as the pirate turned halfway, a curse almost past his lips when the farmer
brought down the chair across his back in a devastating blow, the wood shattering upon
contact. The pirate collapsed to the floor, groaning and crumpled. You stared wide-eyed, open
mouthed at the young man who stood over his form, breathing heavy, eyes wild.

 

"Holy sh-"

 

With that, all hell broke loose.

 

As if that were some type of cue, the farmers and townsfolk in the cantina seemed to surge as
one, standing and launching themselves at the nearest member of the mercenary group. In an
instant the cantina's terse atmosphere boiled over, exploding into shouts, yelling, the sounds
of people and furniture crashing against the walls.

 

From your step up in the corner boot you could see the entire scene unfold. A burly older
gentleman smashed one of the late-reacting mercenary's faces into the wood table he sat at,
only to be struck across the jaw by one of his victim's comrades. Two women, as if sharing
the same exact simultaneous thought, launched themselves at one of the pirates, a Twi-lek
who had withdrawn his blaster. While one grappled with his firing arm the other yanked at
his lek, making the man howl in pain.

 

A blaster shot pinged off the wall mere inches from your head, and automatically you ducked
and rolled away from the incoming fire. The cacophony of the sudden brawl was deafening,
and in just a heartbeat you found yourself lost, trying to find Din, Grogu, the exit to the
cantina, any type of escape route.

 



Yet then the Trandoshan tossed aside two of the scrawny farmer boys who had stood guard at
the entrance and locked his eyes on your ducked form. You didn't have time for your veins to
freeze in fear because soon the pirate was pushing and shoving his way towards you, sharp
teeth gleaming inside his mouth.

 

You grasped blindly for your blaster, anything nearby to try and defend yourself. The amount
of time it would have taken you to set your sights on the mercenary was overcome quickly by
his form hurling towards you, claws out and ready to rip you apart. You coiled and just as he
swung, dove out of the way blindly.

 

Now under a table you watched as the Trandoshan turned in search of you, his huge frame
taking up most of your vision. At that exact moment your hand landed on the neck of a bottle,
the glass cool against your sweaty grip.

 

When the Trandoshan caught sight of you under the table, he leaned down and reached a
claw to try and grasp at you. Yet in retaliation you swung the bottle as hard as you could,
listening to the shattering sound it made against his scales. His reptilian howl seemed to dim
all the other chaos in the bar for a moment as glass shards embedded in his skin. That gave
you just enough time to scramble from under the table and put some distance in between you
and him.

 

"Din!" You yelled as soon as you were standing, trying desperately to try and gain your
bearings. A glance proved he was no longer standing at the booth, but that Grogu's carrier
was firmly shut and pushed off to the side away from the fighting. Your relief at the toddler
being safe was short lived, however, because the table in between you and the Trandoshan
was suddenly violently knocked to the side, accidentally impacting a member of pirate crew
who had just begun to gain the upper hand on one of the farmers. He went down with a
groan, body collapsing into a crumpled heap beneath the wooden table.

 

You tore your eyes from his figure to the Trandoshan looming over you, bracing
automatically as his arm came swinging down at you.

 

Yet before it could impact and knock you violently, a familiar blaster rang out. The plasma
struck the Trandoshan square in the center of his shoulder, making him reel backwards and
teeter with his abrupt loss of momentum. A split second later another shot rang out, this one
managing to down the alien so that he fell at your feet.



 

Eyes wild, you turned to the origin of the shot, behind you and to the left.

 

Din. He had somehow made it closer to the door, weaving his way through the chaos in a
likely effort to try and find you. His visor caught the warm glow of the lanterns inside the
tavern, one hand on his blaster and the other brandishing his vibroblade to fend off any
attackers who came too close.

 

You had just enough time to smile in relief before Din's visor flashed, and you could see him
reach out-

 

Something struck you from the side, and you went spinning away from the collision, arms
reaching out in an effort to grab onto something, anything to anchor yourself. You could hear
Din call your name, only for the sound to be cut off with a grunt as he dealt with an attacker
of his own.

 

You shook your head, trying to clear away the sudden dizziness that clouded your vision. Just
in time, your gaze focused on a gloved hand aimed straight at your face. Instinctively you
raised your own hands, blocking in the way Din had drilled you to do over and over again. It
was clumsy at best, and the impact bruised your forearm. Yet it seemed to work, for your
attacker seemed to misjudge their next attempt at striking you. Instead, they managed to grab
you by your shirt, trying to drag you closer.

 

You grunted, wiggling and trying to dislodge them. A wild kick proved futile at besting this
person. Instead, it was all you could do to try and grab them back, trying to force them away
from you. Yet this person was stronger, their grip sturdier than yours. In a desperate attempt
you reached under their arm to their back, trying to grapple your way out of their grasp.
Somehow that managed to lift your attacker slightly off the floor.

 

As if it was a starship engine flaring to life, your muscle memory began to take over. You
planted your feet, turning and using the person's momentum to try and lift them even further.
It was a significant effort, but this person was slightly leaner than you, and soon you had
them halfway across your shoulder. The fire in your blood, burning ever bright in a furious
combination of adrenaline, fear, courage, and booze seemed to burst from your veins. With a
hoarse scream you pulled as hard as you could muster and sent the person flying over your
shoulder and crashing into a chair on the other side, flipping them onto their back below you.



 

For a moment you were consumed by your triumph, at successfully using the same technique
Hana had taught you at the Covert on Coruscant to defend yourself. You stood over your
victim, chest heaving, eyes wild, clothes askew, and fists clenched at your side. The man
under you, dazed and confused, could only stare up at you and blink in an effort to try and
regain himself. In a haze of battle-born confidence you leaned over him and yelled
victoriously, which seemed to only confuse and frighten him further.

 

You felt your shoulder grabbed, and just as you whirled to throw a strike at your next
opponent, Din's visor reflected your wild eyes and fierce stare.

 

"Get down!" He called out hoarsely, yanking you downwards along with him to the floor.
You yelped as you went down, only to feel one of Din’s arms settle atop you and push you
into his side protectively.

 

Within a mere moment Din's bracer erupted with a series of high-pitched whistles, and you
felt a gloved hand cover your head as they shot past and around you, the sound only adding
to the chaos. Yet they seemed to find their marks, as a chorus of yelps and pained shouts rose
up around you. You scrunched your eyes shut, pressing closer to Din's arm sheltering you.

 

The noise of fighting around you seemed to dim as the whistling birds found their targets,
who collapsed in a circle around you both. Yet it wasn't over, as several skirmishes continued
even as you opened your eyes. From where you knelt you saw two men finishing off another
mercenary, who's dazed expression merely gazed back at them blankly as he bled from a torn
lip. One farmer held him in place while the other rained a series of fatigued, weary blows
onto him. After one particularly devastating strike the mercenary's knees collapsed, and he
fell to the floor bloodied, beaten, and whimpering.

 

Din helped you to your feet, catching you by the elbows and steadying you as you glance
around to see the remnants of the brawl ending. Mercenaries lay strewn across every surface
from tables to floor, all in varying states of incapacitation. Some rolled to their sides, injured
and not getting up any time soon. Others, like the Trandoshan, remained completely still,
unmoving. Yet the battle seemed to be over, as you and the farmers were successful in
defending yourselves from the onslaught.

 



The farmers weren't exactly in great shape, and you saw many help others to their feet or sit
each other down to examine wounds received during the fighting. Broken chairs, busted
lanterns, and tossed tables littered the cantina. Your boots crunched shards of broken glass
under you. If you didn't know better, you'd have assumed someone had let a grenade go off
inside the establishment.

 

You took a step and wobbled slightly, only for Din's grip on you to tighten and ensure you
remained on both feet. You glanced up at him gratefully, eyes still shiny and lips parted from
the exertion you just experienced.

 

The crash of glass caught both your attention, and simultaneously you both turned towards
the bar. There, the mercenary leader wobbled to a stand, what appeared to be either spotchka
or blood dripping down one side of his face.

 

"You-" He slurred, turning and wavering on his feet as he tried to face you. "You made a big
mistake trying to- eurgh." He held a hand to his head, watching as it came away stained red.
"Karking-"

 

Unceremoniously, he unholstered a blaster at his side, raising it towards you both. Din
stepped in front of you, blocking your form with his beskar-clad body. Yet the mercenary
leader seemed to be too dizzy to focus, because his aim went wild as he tried to stare Din
down.

 

"We're the...Dantooine Dusters... you can't-"

 

You saw Din's shoulders sink, and with a small, almost pitiful shake of his head he raised his
own blaster and fired off a single shot, making the pirate reel backwards and take out another
shelf of booze before falling unceremoniously to the ground, dead.

 

The farmers in the cantina who had watched this epilogue unfold watched the pirate fall, eyes
lingering for a moment before turning to Din and you. Likewise, you stared wide-eyed at the
deceased pirate, blinking for several long moments in shock.

 



The silence weighed heavily, awkwardly across your shoulders. You and Din glanced
anxiously at each other, both caught in the realization that your quiet evening out had turned
into a deadly brawl that had all but trashed the establishment you had deigned to drink at.

 

The sound of glass scraping along the floor caught your attention, and automatically you
tensed, expecting another adversary to emerge. Yet you looked to the doorway behind the bar,
where the bartender had appeared and now stared down at the body lying at his feet. Open
mouthed, he stared blankly before turning his gaze at you, eyebrows all but vanishing into his
receding hairline.

 

You cleared your throat awkwardly, stepping forward with an apology on your lips. Yet
before you could the bar tender's eyes abruptly flickered with a sudden enthusiasm, and he
tossed his hands up in the air with excitement.

 

"Drinks for everyone!"

 

The bruised crowd around you managed a series of tired but enthused cheers, and you
couldn't help but wheel around to look at the crowd, as if it would give you an understanding
as to what had just happened.

 

Beside you, Din also turned to examine the community of farmers surrounding you both,
more composed than you but bewildered all the same.

 

"I-I don't understand." You managed at last, looking back to the bartender. "I- we- it's our
fault this happened, so-"

 

The older gentleman in front of you waved a hand, cutting you off. His scraggly beard
upturned in a warm smile.

 

"That may be true, but don't worry about any of that now. Sit down, have a drink. Are you
hurt? Let's see if we can get you patched up."

 



You and Din shared a long glance.

 

Then Din took a step forward towards the bar, fishing in one of his pockets.

 

"At least let us help you cover the damages." He offered. "My partner and I didn't mean for
this to get so out of hand, let us repay you for the trouble-"

 

Again, the bartender waved him off.

 

"Nonsense." He rebuffed. "Truth be told, those pirates have been a scourge upon this village
for some time now. It's been so long since someone stood up to them, taught them a lesson.
Your friend there reminded us that we're not simply folks to take that kind of transgression
lightly. Besides-" He winked. "If you really want to help, you can start by cleaning up the
mess you made."

 

You stiffened, shoulders going taught as you stood behind Din. Abashedly, you cast a
sidelong glance at the ruined seats and tables and broken glass scattered across the cantina,
and the townsfolk already going about trying to clear the wreckage.

 

It was going to be a long night.

 

Swallowing hard, you stepped up beside Din and gave a small, chagrined smile at the
barkeep.

 

"I'll uh, take that drink now."

 

----

 

"I am. Never. Taking you drinking again." Din grumbled from under the weight of one of
your arms, trying to keep up with your staggering, unbalanced gait as he walked you both
back to the Razorcrest.



 

It had been at least several hours since you two had begun to help restore the cantina to order
after the brawl that had taken place there. It had taken some time, and now you could see the
horizon beginning to lighten with the promise of dawn.

 

Din had helped send the remaining pirates packing after they had come to, piling them onto a
rusty farming wagon destined for the no-man's land well beyond the settlement. You had
done your best in helping toss our broken furniture, sweep glass, anything you could to make
up for your discourtesy of all but trashing the place.

 

Yet the townsfolk were good natured about it. Some were grumpy at receiving bruises or
gashes from their brawl with the pirates, but even they seemed to calm down after a bit of
being in the comradery, jovial atmosphere of everyone working together. Even those who
were still hostile about the whole situation seemed to lighten after being greeted by Grogu,
who you had allowed to wander about once the floor was clear of broken glass and debris.

 

At some point someone had popped open a bottle of...something from the top shelf. While
you had wrinkled your nose at it at first, you soon found yourself toasting with some of the
other patrons. After a few more drinks you had begun to lean on the walls to stay upright,
whereupon Din had collected you and a very sleepy Grogu to make your way back to the
ship.

 

You snorted beside Din, a tipsy giggle bubbling up your throat like champagne bubbles. Din
merely huffed at your drunkenness, which only worsened your inebriated snickering. The
road before you swam in your vision, the lanterns warm and dim against the darkness. They
looked almost like the glowing fungi on Coruscant, and you had the strangest urge to reach
out and try to touch them.

 

Din shifted, and you drew your attention back to his solid frame pressed against you. It felt
nice, being this close. With every step you could feel the strength in his arm that steadied you
at your waist, his gloved touch clear through the fabric of your shirt. At this proximity you
could hear his breath from under his helmet, slightly strained at having to walk and handle
you at the same time.

 

It brought back thoughts from earlier in the evening, the idea of Din handling you in different
ways, his breathing labored and sweet against your lips. Despite the evening not having gone



to plan, that desire hadn't faded. You still wanted to reach out, touch him, feel his skin under
his armor and remove the pieces of him that sealed him off to you.

 

" Yer' so warm." You slurred, flopping your head against Din's shoulder. " 's nice."

 

Din didn't reply, but you swore you could hear him swallow.

 

"Let's get you to bed." He answered at last, though it was less a reply and more of a
declaration.

 

You frowned, bottom lip hanging out in a pout. You didn't want to sleep. You wanted him to
touch you, to hold you and whisper your name. You wanted to kiss him, to smother him with
your love and the confessions on your lips. You wanted Din.

 

"Not sleepy." You protested, and Din huffed again. Yet this time it sounded less annoyed and
more amused, as if he was tired and humored by you all at the same time.

 

"You're going to need sleep, cyar'ika." He spoke, voice dipping gently. "I don't know how
you managed to drink so much, but it won't be pleasant in the morning."

 

"Shaaar-eeee-kaaaa." You echoed, letting the unknown Mando'a roll off your tongue. "Was'
that mean?"

 

Din made a sound under his helmet that sounded choked. He composed himself after a
moment, voice tight as he answered.

 

"It means...uh...someone you like." He managed, tensing as you gasped dramatically.

 

"You like me?" You asked, twisting in his hold to peer up at his visor, dark in the midnight.
"Really?!"



 

This time Din huffed a chuckle, tired but humored by your antics.

 

"Yeah." He replied, and the affection in his voice made your knees wobble enough for him to
tighten his hold on you. "I do."

 

You had to swallow back the sudden emotion bubbling in your chest, the intensity of it
suddenly severe enough to make tears prick at the corner of your eyes. You rubbed furiously
at them for a moment before pretending to flop against Din's side.

 

"D'awwww, I like you too, you big tin can." You answered, and this time Din's snort was less
than amused.

 

It wasn't long before the Razorcrest came into view, settled at the edge of the village. You
tried your best to stay upright as Din punched in the code to open the cargo hold, briefly
hanging onto Grogu's carrier to balance yourself before remembering the sleeping child
inside.

 

"Come on." Din spoke quietly, using a hand at the small of your back to usher you up the
ramp, while holding onto your hand with his other. "Let's get you to bed."

 

You followed obediently, trying your best to walk straight despite the incline of the ramp.
After what seemed like a mile-long trek your knees bumped against the compartment of Din's
bed, to which you raised your eyebrows.

 

"W-wait. This is your bed." You spoke, suddenly clear-headed enough to recognize the
gesture of Din offering you his bunk.

 

Din shifted behind you, helmet tilting in consideration.

 



"...It's better than the pile of blankets you have draped over the supply crates up there behind
the cockpit." He replied quietly.

 

You blinked up at him, then shrugged before ungracefully scrambling onto the cot and
flopping ungracefully, relishing the softness that you didn't get from your own 'bunk'. You
stretched out with a little whine, feeling the remnants of alcohol float through your veins.
Already the hangover headache seemed to threaten the back of your skull, yet you ignored in
favor of horizontal bliss.

 

Yet then Din turned away from the bunk, as if to climb the ladder up to your own sleeping
spot.

 

"Wait." You called after him, and Din paused to turn back towards you. You sat up, leaning
forward and bracing yourself with your hand in front of your knees. "You're not going to go
sleep in my bunk, are you?"

 

Din stayed still for a moment, then shifted uncomfortably.

 

"I...yes." He answered at last, hesitantly.

 

You frowned up at him. As comfortable as you were with taking Din's bunk for the night, you
also didn't want him to sleep on the lumpy, uncomfortable stack that you called your own
bed.

 

Then, a coy, flirtatious smile crept across your face.

 

You rocked back on your heels, gently rolling your neck into your shoulder as you directed
your voice casually at Din.

 

"Really? You're going to go sleep on that uncomfortable thing upstairs and let me sleep
alone?"



 

Din froze.

 

Your smile only widened as you went on. "After all, I've been thinking so much about when
we were on the beach, remember?" You peeked open an eye at him, stretching your arms
overhead languidly, like a Tooka stretching in the sun. "I was hoping we could...finish what
we started?"

 

"Mesh'la." Din breathed, and it sounded almost like a warning. The air in your chest caught
as Din turned to fully face you, his broad form blocking the entrance to him bunk. The dim
lights of the cargo hold overhead cast strange shadows onto his cuirass. "Don't say things you
don't mean."

 

You frowned, the playful act dropping at his words. Instead, you gazed seriously up at him,
vision still slightly fuzzed at the edges from the tipsy feeling in your stomach. "Din, I do
mean that." You replied evenly. "I-I've been thinking about it... a lot.” Now you began to
fiddle with them hem of your shirt, torn in between taking it off and letting it remain.

 

“I've been thinking about the way your hands were on my hips, about...the way you kissed
me. I-" Your eyes fell to your lap, and you swallowed hard. "I...want that with you."

 

Despite not being able to see him, you felt Din's entire body go taut like a bowstring. He
breathed in sharply, fists clenching and unclenching at his sides as he regarded your form,
kneeling before him, on his bed, in his ship, your eyes half-lidded and expression
embarrassed and desiring all at once-

 

It nearly undid him.

 

It was a heavy moment before his breath finally fell from his chest in a loose rush of air. You
looked up at him then, lips parted, and eyes concerned and wanting.

 

"Cuyan." He began, and his tone, bordering on what sounded like disappointment, made you
curl into yourself. He paused at that, and you felt that pleasantness in your stomach sour



under his stare.

 

Yet then Din reached out, a gloved hand coming to tilt your chin upwards, cup your cheek.
You sighed at the feeling, tilting your head into his palm. Din breathed gently through his
nose at the sight.

 

"I want that too." He spoke, and hopefulness blossomed once again in your chest. "But
tonight isn't the night for that. I want your- our first time to be something we can both enjoy
when we're clear-headed and haven't been drinking. Do you understand?"

 

Dejectedness filled you, but Din's words made sense. Drunk as you were, consent wasn't
something you could give in a clear state of mind. It didn't mean you didn't want Din, it just
meant that for now, it would have to wait. Shoulders slumping in surrender, you nodded,
trying to ignore the burn of disappointment within you.

 

You sighed, reaching a hand to press Din's palm closer to your cheek. Eyes closing, you
inhaled the scent of his gloves, thick with blaster smoke and leather.

 

"Okay." You agreed finally, opening your eyes to gaze up at his visor. "But for tonight...can
you stay? Just to sleep?"

 

Din's shoulders loosened, his entire form radiating a mixture of relief and affection. You
gazed up at him, eyes lingering on his visor with a loving gaze.

 

"Of course, Cuyan." He replied quietly, tenderly. "I can do that."

 

He withdrew his hand, sitting on the bunk beside you inside of the locked cargo hold, with
Grogu close by and sleeping soundly. Your hand traced against one of his pauldrons, and his
gloved hand seized it gently, giving it a firm but reassuring squeeze.

 

You pulled your jacket and vest off as Din went about removing sections of his armor. You
opted to keep your pants and undershirt on, seeing as Din kept everything save his flight suit



and helmet on him. Eyes roaming his body as he went about carefully piling his armor, you
couldn't help but notice his bare hands as h removed his gloves. The flesh there was tanned,
sun kissed. You could see callouses from years spent using blasters and weapons alike. In the
creases of his palms you could see your own face nestled there, breathing love against his
skin.

 

Soon Din turned to you, and you both jostled your way into a comfortable arrangement
within the tiny bunk. The memories of Din cradling you in his arms while you both slept on
Coruscant appeared within your thoughts, and as if on instinct you turned to face him, curling
into his chest. The sharp intake of breath on Din’s part nearly made you roll your eyes. Even
after all this time, your touch was still something that seemed to make him reflexively react,
so unused to people touching him. Yet inside a part of you ached at the thought, at Din being
close yet so distant from the people around him.

 

You could hear his heartbeat hammering inside his ribcage, a staccato out of rhythm as it
tried to synchronize with your own fluttering pulse. A deep inhale brought in the scent of
him, of the sharp iron taste of beskar, sweat, machine oil, Din. You raised your head just
enough to breath against the collarbone hidden under his flight suit, your exhale sinking into
his form like a part of you.

 

"You are warm." You murmured there, and Din's stiff body relaxed, his arms coming to settle
around you. You cozied into them gratefully, feeling the distant comfort of sleep become a
reality. "It's nice."

 

Din adjusted so the crown of your head was tucked under his chin. Then he let out a long,
easy breath, muscles loosening as he did.

 

"Cuyan." He murmured, and you made a sleepy sound of acknowledgement at him, tucked
within the confines of his arms, where the worries of the world couldn't reach you.

 

Din didn't answer for a long time, and you didn't press him. Instead, you began to drift off,
feeling the relief of slumber beckon you closer into its velvet embrace. Here, within Din’s
embrace, safe inside the ship with Grogu’s distant muffled snores close by, a deep
contentedness fell over you.

 



The thought that, out of all the places in the galaxy you could be, whether it was a tiny repair
shop on Kaddak, an Imperial holding cell, or some back water planet living peacefully, that
you were here, settled over you. You didn’t know what exactly you had done to deserve this
happiness, to be safe and protected, to be trusted and loved by someone you loved so dearly
in turn. Whatever it was, be it a past life or some deed you had yet to perform, you would
encounter it boldly, knowing that Din would walk beside you.

 

"I love you."

 

You blinked your eyes open, as if you could somehow see Din's face as he spoke those
beloved words to you. To see his smile, his gaze, the creases next to his eyes as he murmured
those words seemed a temptation beyond your wildest dreams.

 

"I love you too." You said instead, the emotion of it all threatening to crack in your throat and
bloom at the corner of your eyes. Nestling deeper into his warm, protective, comforting
embrace you sighed once more, offering a quiet prayer to the stars that this would be how
you spent the rest of your days.

 

Then, silently, you vowed to yourself that someday, somehow, you would get a chance to see
the look in Din’s eyes as he promised his love to you once more.

 

Chapter End Notes

(This A/N is going to be a little long, but I ask you at least read the PSA below)

---

So I've recieved a series of comments regarding change of rating in this story. I have
tagged this story as 'Eventual Smut', but some of the comments I've seen in relation to
that have been...disheartening.

I understand that smut is often seen as large component of storytelling in fanfic. Lord
knows that this particular fandom (and the Pedro Pascal fandom by extension) has
PLENTY. However, I've seen many comments recently along the lines of the following:



"I can't wait for the sex."

"They're gonna fuck and it's going to be awesome."

and, unfortunately "Wish there would be a sex scene already."

This is disappointing to me. I understand the excitement surrounding NSFW content, but
comments like this are...not great. Sex is not the end all be all of slow burns. just
because a couple decide to sleep together doesn't mean they've stopped developing as
characters. I get the impression from these comments that people are here less for the
journey and more for the...destination, so to speak.

To me this signals that readers are less interested in the story I've created and are simply
expecting erotica out of me. Moreover, these kind of comments are less encouraging and
more demanding of content, which I've spoken about before and DO NOT appreciate.
I've started considering simply doing a 'fade to black' scene for when I do plan said
scene rather than what I originally planned.

These comments make me uncomfortable. Don't write them. I'll delete them. There is
plenty of smut in this fandom, and instead of making these kind of comments, I implore
you to go read that type of content instead.

If you've done this, perhaps you just didn't understand. I don't hold it against you,
However I will not be making this announcement again. Thank you.

(To read my full comments on this please see my post on Tumblr)

---

I feel like I'm giving Trandoshans a bad rep in this series. Forgive me, they're pretty
scary.

Did you all like the chapter? This concludes our filler arc between Coruscant and our
next arc: The Prisoner. We'll be catching up to that episode in the first series soon, with
some canon divergence of course. However we can expect to see Mayfeld, Xi'an, and
the others soon!

Also, and I'm SO excited to say this, the next chapter will be titled "The Disgraced" and
we FINALLY get to see what Gideon and crew have been up to, as well as get another
piece of Cuyan/Reader's background. I won't lie, that chapter has been over a year in the
making. It's one of the first ones I thought of when I originally planned this series, so I'm
absolutely psyched to share it with you all.

I'm surviving grad school (as much as I can during a pandemic) and will hopefully be
back soon with another chapter! Thank you all so so so much for supporting this fic, it
means the absolute world to me. This series really helped get me through 2021, and has
made me so many wonderful friends. Every comment, kudos, and like I receive gives
me the energy and inspiration to keep working on this story.

See you all soon!






Chapter 38: Part Thirty Eight: The Disgraced
Chapter Summary

Something was wrong.

You couldn't tell definitively what it was, but you could feel the air within the Razorcrest
ripple with an unspoken murmur, a whispered warning. It sang to you deep in your
bones, humming out a call that felt so familiar and yet ever so distant. To you it almost
felt like the calm before a storm, when the dark clouds began to roll in with the
whipping wind, only to still for mere minutes until lightning seemed to split the sky
wide open.

Din had told you on the beachside planet weeks ago of great cataclysms known as
tsunamis, when the water rushed away from the shore only to return with devastating
force. You felt now as if you still stood there on that very beach, watching the water
recede as the wind carried the sound of catastrophic, rushing waves far off in the
distance.

Chapter Notes

Recommended listening for this chapter:

 

Section 2/??? POV: Moff Gideon's Theme

Section 3/Razorcrest door opens: Trilla Death Theme

See the end of the chapter for more notes

 

 

 

Few knew about the strange, luminous underground on the planet of Christophsis.

 

With its hanging platforms and walkways carved into the green crystal caverns beneath
Chaleydonia, the upside-down of the city was known only to the rare collection of bounty



hunters and other underworld informants that kept it secret. Home to more vagrants that
permanent residents, the underground appeared less than lackluster as compared to the
towering, glittering skyscrapers on the planet’s surface above. Instead, it was lit by the
strange, ominous diffusion of sunlight through the crystals, which illuminated the streets in
an exotic, turquoise glow.

 

Once the undercity had been home to refugees of the clone wars, driven underground as
clones and droids battled for control of the city streets. Later it had been known as the staging
ground for a rebel cell that birthed itself right under the Empire's unyielding control of the
city above. Now, with the Empire long since shattered, the undercity had devolved into a
haven for fugitives, bounties, and the ones that hunted them.

 

Such was the case for Din, who stood in the shadows of the dimly lit bar near the small
gathering of other hunters collected around the local bounty board.

 

Arms crossed, back leaning against the durasteel wall, the Mandalorian's visor tilted to
observe the flickering images of various bounties that rotated through the holo-projector.
Around him music filtered through tiny speakers built into the ceiling, and a projection of a
Twi-lek dancer spun around a pole near the bar, sticky with spilled drinks. The establishment
was as dingy as they came, and Din liked it that way. Fewer patrons, fewer eyes to notice
him.

 

His entrance had fortunately not caused much of a stir. Though it had been some years since
he had last hunted a bounty in this sector, those that frequented the undercity's streets were
much accustomed to seeing all types of strange and unsavory characters. Luckily, the few that
were in the bar were too focused on either their drinks, the bounty board, or the glitchy image
of the dancer to take stock of the Mandalorian who had wandered in.

 

Din hadn't wanted to stop here originally, but circumstances had necessitated it. Low on both
fuel and credits, he needed to pick up a job in order to keep the three of you on the run from
both the guild, Imperials, and any other hunters on your tails. Fortunately, Christophsis was
well out of guild territory, as well as being a lucrative hunting ground, if not a competitive
one. Its reputation for being a safe haven for fugitives and runaways meant that there were
just as many here hunting as those being hunted.

 

Din shifted, keeping his eyes on the listings of bounties and their corresponding rewards as
the list occasionally refreshed itself. Most of the bounties didn't pay enough to even bother



giving chase. They either were off-planet and required fuel which Din didn't have, or nearby
and likely being chased by a collection of hunters Din didn't care to entangle with. His best
hope was to wait for the board to refresh itself and offer a more compelling prey.

 

There was one bounty however, that had caught his immediate interest: yours.

 

Din wasn't surprised that the child's had not appeared. No doubt Greef Karga had preferred to
keep it so that the only ones who knew of the reward were those within the guild. The same,
however, could not be said for you.

 

Eight thousand Imperial Credits.

 

More than double your original price. For what, he did not know. Yet the fact that it had
grown since the bounty had been posted all that time ago told a story that Din couldn't help
but be compelled by.

 

You had sworn you had no idea as to why you of all people had such a high bounty, and an
Imperial one at that. Din had believed you based on the fear and confusion you radiated
alone. Still, the lack of an explanation as to why did nothing to negate the fact that you were
such a high prize, one that could easily buy any bounty hunter as much prestige as wealth.

 

It was for that exact reason that you and the child were bunked safely in the Razorcrest and
well out of sight of any other hunters. It hadn't taken much to convince you, thankfully.
Especially after Din had explained that he would be one of many hunters in the undercity
looking for an easy mark. So, you had stayed behind with the kid, finding ways to occupy
yourself in the time that Din had gone hunting.

 

As if to mimic his thoughts, the bounty board flickered again and soon reflected your own
bounty.

 

The image had obviously been grabbed from your time spent on Coruscant, a grainy filtered
picture of your wide-eyed stare looking at something just beyond the street camera that had
caught you in its sights. Even through the poor image and flickering holo-projector, Din
could see the grime on your clothes, the fatigue and heaviness in your shoulders.



 

Din had to stifle an errant pang in his chest at the reminder of you and the child lost, hunted
in the underbelly of Coruscant. Even though Paz had been there to assist you, it was hard not
to remember the thought that Din would never see either of you again.

 

The Mandalorian gave a small shake of his head, as if to rid himself of the thought. All that
mattered now was that you were both safe, with him, and out of the hands of those that
wished to harm you.

 

Yet that wasn't all.

 

Din was thankful for his helmet, for it obscured the small smile on his lips at the memory of
you, gentle and endearing with him and the kid, yet fierce and protective towards those that
threatened any of you. The duality of your fierce determination compared to your gentleness
with him and the child he had been tasked with made Din’s expression soften under his
helmet.

 

It had become nearly impossible to reconcile the person you were now with the one he had
found crouched, hidden in the Razorcrest when you had originally stowed away on his ship.
Where you had then been skittish, uncertain, you now stood bravely before the daunting
challenges ahead of you. The panic, the shine of fear in your eyes then had since transformed
into a glint of determination, of courage.

 

You had come so far in such a brief time, mere months since Din's original encounter with
you. Where you had once struggled to hit a boulder with your blaster shots, your skills had
now evolved to reflect the number of hours you had spent practicing and fine tuning your
aim. Once, you had run from those who wished to harm you, and now you stood bravely
against them, as if daring them to hurt you, Din, or the child you were both responsible for.
Even your self-defense skills had improved in the time since you had begun training at the
new covert on Coruscant, honed under Din's watchful eye.

 

Din had watched each of your steps raptly, tracking each small victory of yours as if
spellbound by your presence alone. It was mystifying, enthralling, this evolution that was
you. There were moments where Din couldn't tear away his gaze, stricken by the captivating
journey you had begun down, despite not knowing what lay on the other side. The vision of it
all was mysterious, riveting, and oddly beautiful.



 

Such as the image of you on the secret beach, balanced in his lap with your eyes scrunched
shut and lips open, gasps and small noises spilling past them. Your voice, the wind in the
trees, and ocean waves had coalesced into an orchestra that played in Din's mind still.

 

Din's mind began to drift at that thought, fed by the tune of that rhapsody he had coaxed from
you. Images of you filtered through his thoughts unabated. You, with your playful smile and
twinkling eyes staring at him over the table at the tavern. You, with your body tensed and
blaster drawn in the forest of Daro. You, with your tender, tearful gaze and lovely smile as
you stared up at him in the midnight dimness on Coruscant as you told him exactly how
much he meant to you.

 

You.

 

Din never imagined himself to be soft-hearted. Civil, yes, polite, even. Yet he was sure the
part of him capable of something as tender as romance had been lost long ago, hardened into
the beskar that made him strong. In Grogu he had seen himself, without a family, a child in
need of protection in an otherwise tumultuous, ever-changing galaxy. The regret and pain he
had felt for that childhood version of himself had manifested into the hands that held the
child against him as he rescued him from a certain demise at the hands of the Imperials.

 

Yet, with you, it was different. You never had anyone to protect you, and it had made you into
the person you were. Where others would have killed the compassion within them in the face
of such hardship, you had retained yours through the daunting challenge of mere survival.
Despite everything, despite all you had gone through, you were kind. You were kind in the
way that heroes were good, finding ways to help others even if it meant putting yourself in
harm's way. As much as you had evolved to ensure your own survival, you hadn't lost the
ability to reach out for others and take them with you towards something better, something
brighter. That kindness was a small, flickering light in a galaxy that constantly shifted with
shadows and the perilous darkness of the unknown.

 

And Din, for all that he was worth, found himself drawn like a moth to flame.

 

Now, now that he had confessed his feelings to you, and that you had spoken your own
emotions within that same Coruscanti midnight, that light seemed only to grow, to multiply



and illuminate the path before you. Where it led, Din did not know, but he could only hope
that, at least for now, he could walk it with you.

 

Din's smile tugged upwards at the mere thought of you waiting back at the Razorcrest, with
your beautiful smile and voice ready to greet him, the child held aloft and content in your
arms. The tempting image of your soft eyes gazing up at him for a moment made him want to
forget the bounties before him, and escape back to the Razorcrest, if even for a few moments,
just to be by your side.

 

Yet before he could indulge in the thought further, a small ripple of commotion caused him to
look up at the bounty board in curiosity.

 

-and stop dead in his thoughts.

 

Heart skipping, blood racing, muscles tensing, Din took in the bounty that had just been
posted with a widening, stricken gaze .

 

An Imperial officer, wanted for desertion.

 

Last seen in the undercity of Chaleydonia.

 

Even though Din couldn't see you, even though the Razorcrest was half a city away, Din still
spun in the direction that led to you, as if he could whisper a warning with your name:

 

"Cuyan."

 

-------

 

"Damn it all."

 



The undercity streets were aglow with the strange hazy radiance of the crystal caverns they
were carved into, sunlight managing to find its way down to even the darkest of places below
the city of Chaleydonia. Yet it was within that same dimness that Gideon's former
intelligence officer found herself, shrouded within the shadows of an alleyway, peering out
towards the lift that led up to the shipyards. A loosely gathered crowd waited for the lift to
descend, allowing them to travel to the outskirts of the city above and away from the rotten
underside of the caverns below.

 

The officer had spent days down here, barely surviving, managing to survive on the few
supplies she had taken with her in her escape from Gideon's cruiser, and the even fewer
rations she had manage to scavenge along the way. It was a miserable existence, built on the
paranoia and adrenaline she had retained in her desperate quest for mere survival.

 

It hadn't been easy, the escape, but she had in the end been left with no choice. Despite
countless hours poring over reports, examining footage and feedback from the few remaining
Imperial probes at Gideon's disposal, and monitoring traffic from bounty hunter channels,
there had been no trace of the Mandalorian known as Din Djarin, the asset, or the one who
had originally stowed away on his ship.

 

The last sighting of them had been on Coruscant, deep into New Republic territory. She had
been unable to make contact with the few Imperial cells holding out within that sector. Truth
be told, she didn't think they even existed anymore. By the time she had managed to gather
enough information to post and updated bounty on the stowaway, it seemed the group had
fled the system. Since then, it had been impossible to find them, and despite her desperate
attempts, there was only so much the officer could do to dissuade Gideon's frigid, dangerous
anger.

 

After one particularly disastrous report, Gideon had issued a final warning: Bring him the
location of the three they were hunting or face the consequences.

 

Yet the task itself was impossible. With the bulwark once known as the Imperial Intelligence
Service now shattered, and its resources scattered to the wind, finding three individuals who
had experience staying hidden across a galaxy of millions of systems was a task that could
never be completed in the time Gideon had given her.

 

So, she had fled. Fled for her life, in the desperate yet futile hope of buying herself just a few
more days, another hour, just a few more scant minutes before another Imperial or bounty



hunter inevitably tracked her down and left her body to rot in a back alley.

 

Her hope was to make it to New Republic space, consequences be damned. Even if her face
was flagged and she was apprehended by an officer, it was better than the fate that awaited
her if she decided to stay where Gideon's hunters could reach her. At least she would still
have her life.

 

Still, the bitter sting, the utter disgrace of being reduced to a mere fugitive, a bounty,
remained.

 

She had been one of Gideon's finest, destined to rise the ranks of Imperial officers. She had
been among the top of her class at the Imperial Academy, receiving accolades and
recognition from both peers and mentors alike. Gideon had hand-picked her himself after
seeing her marks. It had been grueling to work her way up to an officer position, the learning
curve of navigating Gideon's infamous, unreadable, icy temperament had been steep. Yet she
had managed it all.

 

Then, the Empire had seemed to dissolve overnight. With the Emperor's death and
consequent series of defeats amongst the disjointed remaining Imperial forces, she had been
tasked with faking Gideon's death so as to preserve his life, and consequently, her own.

 

Now that destiny of medals, promotions, and promise of greatness stood as a tarnished and
destroyed prophecy, left behind in the rubble of the Empire's ashes. The only option she had
left was to run, to be chased by the same hunters she had once looked down upon from her
place at Gideon's side.

 

The streets were emptying as nighttime approached, passerby and pedestrians alike making
their way back to the surface or withdrawing into their own hidey holes carved into the
crystalline walls of the undercity. Now was her chance.

 

Checking again to make sure the way was clear, the officer darted quickly for the lift,
managing to push past a waiting bystander who cried out in offense. Yet within moments she
was ascending upwards, towards the part of the city ruined by the New Republic offense into
Imperial territory, long since forgotten by all except those who frequented the underground.

 



She could do it. She could make it to the shipyards, steal a starship, and hopefully have
enough fuel to keep her on the run as she bolted for New Republic space. She would steal
every mile, every inch she could if it meant keeping that much more between her and the
ones that chased her down in their sights.

 

The lifted whined to a shuddering halt, dim sunlight streaming through the cracks in the
warehouse that held the entrance to the undercity. As the lift stopped, several of those waiting
turned and murmured in surprise to see a stranger wearing an Imperial uniform of all things,
standing with her blaster drawn and eyes wild like a cornered animal.

 

With a wave of her blaster, the scant few present parted without much protest, ducking out of
the way of possible blaster fire. One nearby woman screamed in surprise, and for a moment
the officer considered shooting her then and there just to silence her. Yet it would only mean
she’d be wasting precious time and leaving behind a trail with which to track her.

 

No doubt she had left an impression, which meant hunters wouldn't be far behind. The terror,
the mere knowledge of the fact that she was being tracked, hunted, was enough to fuel her
mad dash towards the shipyards.

 

Any ship would do, but something light, something fast, would be her best bet. The perimeter
fence securing the shipyards was but a mere mark in the sand as she managed to deactivate
the ray-shield that stood between her and her goal. From there, her eyes raked over the ships
present, mentally noting her options.

 

A stock light freighter, a G 30 model, a Contispex crusader, a few shuttles, plus a Razorcrest-

 

The disgraced officer blinked, eyes moving back to take in the ship she had passed over a
mere moment before.

 

The Razorcrest.

 

The same model flown by the Mandalorian hunter.

 



The adrenaline, the frantic focus on escape seemed to skid to a halt inside her terrified
thoughts, much like a starship engine failing in the endless void of space. Instead she blankly
stared at the ship in the distance, brow creased in confusion, uncertainty as she tried to
process the image before her.

 

...It wasn't possible. The odds weren't just abysmal, they were practically non-existent. It
shouldn't have been within the same realm of possibility that her exact target was here, on the
same planet, just a mere sprint away from her.

 

Yet the sight before her spoke otherwise. It was the Razorcrest. With the same, unmarked
exterior, the panels showing their age from a time long since passed.

 

And it was right there. Just waiting for her.

 

The officer took a single, hesitant step forward, her scuffed boots crunching the dust and
debris under her step. Then, resolutely, she took another, then another, until she was at last
striding towards the ship, blaster drawn, eyes focused intently on her prey.

 

As if fate itself had decided to smile upon her, the universe had given her one, final chance to
redeem herself, to capture Gideon's asset, to bring him his prize. One more chance to prove
herself loyal to the Empire, to save herself from her wretched, miserable fate.

 

...and she would not waste it.

 

-------

 

"Dank ferrick." You muttered, frowning at the comm in your hands. A thin whisp of smoke
curled upwards towards the roof of the cargo hold from the wire you had just accidentally
melted. You sighed in frustration, switching off your soldering iron and pushing it away from
you on the tiny work surface you had managed to assemble out of the various crates and such
within the Razorcrest.

 



Fixing the other broken comm you had managed to dig out of Din's spare parts drawer should
have been easy for you. You had done the same task for others a hundred times before, but
now you'd have to replace the stupid wires in the device because of your slip up. Now it
would take even more work for both you and Din to have a set of working communicators to
use over long distances.

 

You cradled the bridge of your nose between your forefinger and thumb, willing your focus
to return to you. Yet despite your attempts, it remained just as woefully absent as it had all
day. As if whisked away by some pesky Jawa with a penchant for stealing, you doubted you'd
be able to find it any time soon.

 

You were distracted. By what, it remained unclear. Yet you couldn’t shake an overwhelming,
pervasive feeling that had plagued you for most of the day.

 

Something was wrong.

 

You couldn't tell definitively what it was, but you could feel the air within the Razorcrest
ripple with an unspoken murmur, a whispered warning. It sang to you deep in your bones,
humming out a call that felt so familiar and yet ever so distant. To you it almost felt like the
calm before a storm, when the dark clouds began to roll in with the whipping wind, only to
still for mere minutes until lightning seemed to split the sky wide open.

 

Din had told you on the beachside planet weeks ago of great cataclysms known as tsunamis,
when the water rushed away from the shore only to return with devastating force. You felt
now as if you still stood there on that very beach, watching the water recede as the wind
carried the sound of catastrophic, rushing waves far off in the distance.

 

You wanted Din back already. Perhaps this persistent anxiety was merely the absence of him
by your side after weeks of being so close together. The knowledge that he was out there,
contending against other hunters, made your stomach sink low and heavy with concern. You
wanted him back, here, with you and Grogu, safe aboard the Razorcrest as you curled into his
chest, caught within the grip of dreams illuminated by the blue light of hyperspace.

 

"Batuu."

 



You blinked, jolted from your reverie by the touch of the little one who was struggling to
crawl into your lap with a breathy grunt. You smiled down at the large eared, green toddler in
your care, assisting him until he was perched in your lap and gazing up at you with a curious,
brown eyed stare.

 

"Your dad has been gone a while, huh bud?" You asked softly, running a gentle touch along
his large ears. Grogu made a little snort against your touch, reaching up and batting your
finger away. You huffed a laugh, your features easing from concern into relaxation.

 

No matter how you worried, how you paced, Grogu always had the charm of being able to
make your troubles ease away, even for just a few moments.

 

It had been some time since the original meeting between you two, you reflected. Months had
passed since then, and truly it had come to feel as if you had known Grogu your entire life.
The strange bond you had developed shortly after your first meeting with the child had only
strengthened during that time. Now, it felt as if Grogu and you could almost communicate
unspoken. Between you and Din, you were always the first to know if Grogu was tired, if he
needed to eat (which seemed like every other hour), if he wanted to play, walk, or simply just
needed to be held. Likewise, Grogu was able to pick up on your own tumultuous thoughts,
coming toddling towards you at the first sign of distress. Even now, as your anxieties over
Din's absence whispered against the back of your thoughts, Grogu's small form cuddling
against your stomach made some of that apprehension quiet.

 

You gently stroked Grogu's back absently, eyes staring past the interior of the Razorcrest
towards something you couldn't truly see.

 

Months, you realized. Mere months and yet it had felt almost like a lifetime. Only months
ago, you had been on Kaddak, tending your workshop alone, doing tasks much like the one
before you now. In the cracked, warm, clay walls of your home you had been satisfied with
the meager life you had made for yourself, having scraped by and fought for the truly little
that you had.

 

Yet now your life was so much fuller, having expanded to places ad people you had
previously never thought possible. The friends you had made in your journeys, the people
you had met made that small, dim workshop on Kaddak seem like a mere shadow against the
brightness of the relationships you had forged. The villagers on Rishi, the covert on
Coruscant, Ankau and his family, Paz and the other Mandalorians...



 

...and Din and Grogu.

 

You had hoped someday to fall in love. Even though it seemed like the stars had already
written your destiny of living and dying alone, you had somehow found the two members of
your tiny family in a galaxy of others. Grogu, the strange child with whom you shared a
mysterious connection, and Din- who had, over time, become the other half of you.

 

Din had spoken of being raised by a clan, and at the time you had been envious, regretful in a
way that you had never experienced that. Yet now, in the constant company of your two most
important persons, you could now understand.

 

While you and Grogu had forged a solid, unspoken bond, your relationship with Din had
been nothing of the sort. You both had been silent for your growing feelings for some time,
naturally. It was built into the fiber of who you both were, having been alone for so long and
not wanting to trust the other. Yet it had taken the horrific experience of being separated on
Coruscant for you both to realize: You didn't want to be without the other ever again.

 

With Din you felt a safety and security you had never experienced before. With him you felt
as if, for once, you could stop running. Be it from your past, your nightmares, or even the
things about yourself you didn't understand yet. By his side you were whole. It was through
his strength that you had managed to grow so much in such a short span on time. Knowing
that he was there to support you, guide you, come to your aid...

 

You loved him. Loved his calm and steady presence, loved the way his voice dipped with that
tone he only reserved for you, loved his wry, dry humor and blade sharp intelligence. You
loved the way you could curl into his arms at night and keep the nightmares at bay, loved his
calm reassurances and the tenderness of him he displayed to only you and his son. You loved
the fact that this intimidating, cold blooded Mandalorian who had doubtlessly defeated
hundreds before him, had the ability to be so soft and gentle when you were alone.

 

Yet...

 

You had still yet to tell him about what had happened on Coruscant, in the moments between
wakefulness that had led you into the desecrated ruins where you had found Grogu, gazing up



at the moons as if they held answers you couldn't comprehend. The mystery of it all, the
dream you had, how you had learned Grogu's name, the strange power his had displayed in
saving Paz's life, how the mysterious vision you had received that had managed to blend in
seamlessly with the same image of your nightmares, had remained unsolved.

 

You had wanted to tell him, back in that moment on Coruscant, right before he had spoken
those words to you; asking you to stay, telling you of his love for you. Yet the words had
been forgotten in the light of his confession. Silently, you had tucked those questions and
secrets away, for another time, for a moment in which you had begun to understand so much
as ask him the things he likely did not know. Yet in the joy of the revelation between you
two, in the bliss of simply being Din's, and him being yours, those questions had been long
forgotten.

 

Now, in his absence, they seemed to murmur at the back of your mind with a phantom voice,
drawing your attention and deepening the well of anxiety in your stomach. You knew that if
you continued to leave it alone, to push those questions, that confession of what had
happened with your dream on Coruscant, it would only fester inside you.

 

So, in the dimness of the Razorcrest, with the child snoozing gently against your stomach,
you felt yourself call out to Din, as if willing him back to your side once more.

 

You sighed again, let the breath draw what anxiety it could away from your chest and float
somewhere beyond you, upwards into the darkening sky above the ship and beyond into the
stars.

 

Yet when the ramp of the Razorcrest lurched and groaned as it opened, you couldn't help the
little jump of surprise that jolted the child awake in your lap.

 

Grogu came to with a startled whine, hands instantly clawing at your shirt as you scooped
him into your arms. Strangely, you felt him give a small shudder as he tucked his face into
your shoulder as you stood. You didn't pay it much attention, face already brightening at the
fact that Din was back so soon, that you could finally gather your courage enough to confess
to him all those things you had held back. The image of his form standing before you,
bending to touch the forehead of his helmet to yours, welled inside you and pushed down the
growing shadow of doubt that begged for attention.

 



Soon enough, the ramp had lowered enough to reveal the form waiting just outside of it, and
your voice was cheerful as you greeted the figure there.

 

"Welcome...back..."

 

You froze, the excited words dying on your lips as you took in the person who stood opposite
of you on the other end of the cargo hold, their boots clicking neatly against the ramp as they
took a few steps into the Razorcrest.

 

"Finally." They breathed, voice shaking just as much as the drawn blaster in their grip. "I've
finally found you."

 

The air around you seemed to vacuum into silence, each and every atom hovering in a
deafening stillness that seemed to blot out every other detail in the entire world except for the
image of the woman standing before you.

 

An Imperial.

 

Not a stormtrooper, but an officer, dressed in the standard greys of the Imperial Navy. The
clothing was dirty, scuffed, as if she had been on the run for some time. Her dark hair was
loose, framing her ashen, pale face as she gazed at you with wild eyes. The blaster pistol in
her grip was pointed at the ceiling, and your eyes flickered towards it with a terrified, wide-
eyed stare.

 

The promise of Din's return, the joy at being by his side, of watching him hold the child in
your arms with such delicate care, all of it came crashing down around you, shattering into
the silence that engulfed the cargo hold with and icy grip. Your blood seemed to freeze in
your veins, and under you it felt as if your legs had stopped responding out of pure shock.

 

Against your shoulder, Grogu whined.

 



The sound was enough to startle you from your terror, and quickly you tucked him further
into you with one arm, the other reaching for your own weapon holstered at your side.

 

"Don't."

 

You stilled at the sound of a safety clicking off, eyes watching in horror as the muzzle of the
pistol drew downwards, aimed right at you and the infant in your arms.

 

"If you touch it, I fire." The officer spoke, and you couldn't contain a shudder at her tone.
Unbroken, even, cold. The clipped, posh accent trademarked by Imperial officers was
unmistakable, making the staccato in your chest intensify to what seemed like light-speed.

 

You swallowed, feeling the motion scrape the back of your dry throat. You tried to think,
tried to consider the possibilities, but it felt as if every neuron in your brain had been fried,
unable to respond to the most basic instructions. If you were shot, that was one thing. But
Grogu...

 

"Okay." You breathed shakily, raising your free hand away from your weapon. "Please...don't
fire."

 

That made a smile tug at the corner of the Imperial's mouth, and now, assuredly, she took
several more steps into the cargo hold. You managed to slide backwards, trying to put
distance in between the two of you as you tried to summon something, anything to think of a 
way out of this.

 

Maybe if you got near the ladder, near Din's bunk, you could somehow barricade yourself
inside just long enough until Din returned, protect Grogu and-

 

"Do you have any idea-" and instantly your attention was drawn back to the Imperial officer
advancing on you. "-how long I've waited for this?"

 



You had to keep her talking. You had to stall. That way Din had time to come back, to find
you and Grogu held in the line of fire.

 

"Who are you?" You asked, feeling your voice crack in your throat. "What do you want?"

 

The officer laughed, the sound was high, bubbling up from her chest. You couldn't contain a
shiver at the madness there, as if you were witness to a woman who had been broken one
times too many, desperate and frantic in her efforts to succeed.

 

"I'm the one who's been chasing you, you stupid girl." She hissed. "All this time, since the
moment you stepped foot on this ship, I've been trying to track you, hunt you down."

 

You tried to shift further away at her words, cradling Grogu closer to you and fixing her with
a hardened stare.

 

"You're the one who put the bounty on me." You murmured, muscles tensing and coiling
automatically.

 

"Of course I am!" The officer snapped, yet this time you didn't flinch. Instead, you fixed her
with a hard stare, summoning within you all the anger, all the frustration and anxiety you had
felt in that moment you had realized there was a price on your head, that you would be
hunted seemingly for the rest of your life.

 

"I'm the one who put a bounty on you, I'm the one who sent all those blasted probes after you,
I..." Her face, contorted in anger as if was, seemed to relax all at once. Her eyes, glassy and
yet vivid with their focus on you, seemed to transfix you with a new gaze.

 

"...I even know who you are."

 

Something within you shifted. That low, deep recess of your mind that had whispered to you
on Coruscant seemed to speak again, murmuring in words you couldn't understand. Yet you
managed to ignore it, instead summoning a wry smile in return to the officer's words.



 

"Me? I'm just a mechanic." You bit back, bitterness tinting your voice. "I don't have any
parents, I'm no one special. I just happened to stow away on a random ship that had a
Mandalorian and a kid on board."

 

"Don't lie to me!" The officer snarled, her voice rising and cracking like a whip in the air
between you. You flinched at the violence there, as if her voice alone had struck you. "You
stupid traitors, you're all alike. You think you can just trick whoever you need to into
forgetting you, into doing what you want."

 

Traitor? You wondered, the smile on your lips failing as you tried to process her words.

 

Yet the officer managed to regain herself, and after a moment reached up to carefully tuck her
hair back from her face. Now poised once more, she offered you a simple, triumphant smile
as she spoke.

 

"Oh well. It doesn't matter. Either way, I've finally done as the Moff has asked. When I return
to him with both you and the asset, he will no doubt rescind his fury and grant me the
position I've always deserved."

 

Moff? Asset? Your thoughts seemed to fly wildly as you tried to understand what the officer
meant. Yet as she took another step forward, you felt your heart beat deafeningly inside your
chest, the fear within it seeming to rip you at the seams. Carefully, you took another small
step backwards, only to feel your back bump against the exterior of Din's bunk.

 

"Give me the child." She spoke, extending a single, black gloved hand.

 

You shook your head immediately, all bravado gone now in the dread of handing over Grogu,
of his small, shivering form leaving your arms.

 

"Give me the child or I'll shoot." She demanded again, voice hardening with impatience.

 



“I’ll die before I give him to you.” You shot back, voice wavering. The Imperial before you
merely smiled.

 

“That can be arranged.”

 

Out of all options now, back against the wall with nowhere to run, you did the only thing you
could think of: You spoke.

 

"Why?" You gasped, letting the fear flow through your voice in full this time. Hands shaking,
heart throbbing violently, you stared at her with the full horror you felt inside of you.

 

"Why?" You asked again. "Why us? Why me? What would the Empire want with a mere
child and a simple mechanic from a back-water planet?" Your voice shook as you spoke, and
the words alone seemed to summon all the true fear within you; the fear of not knowing, the
fear of dying without understanding the reason you had been chased, hunted, pursued for all
this time.

 

That seemed to make the officer pause for a moment, and for a split second you saw a flash
of confusion flicker across her eyes. It was gone in an instant, however, as the woman's face
hardened back into that same look of fury. Voice deeper, fueled by a barely contained rage,
she growled out a sinister response.

 

"I thought you were done playing dumb." She seethed, voice trembling with the restraint it
took her to not scream belligerently at your tensed, terrified form. "I know exactly what you
are, exactly who you are."

 

You gave a small shake of your head, even now still not understanding, still not recognizing
the meaning behind her words.

 

You were going to die. Die and never learn the reason why.

 



"You're a traitor." The officer snapped, eyes frenzied, wide and uncontrolled in their mania.
Yet it wasn't the vision of her dangerous obsession that managed to chill you to the very fiber
of your being, but the words she managed to speak next.

 

"I don't know how you managed to survive out of your entire order-" And the confusion,
terror in your eyes seemed to at last coalesce with the whisperings inside you, rising to a
deafening cacophony that threatened to mute the voice of the crazed, disgraced officer before
you.

 

"-but I know that it was only a matter of time before we hunted down and killed you..."

 

Then, in a single word that rang out like a clarion against the very depth of you, reaching
inside and grazing that unknown silence like the cataclysm you had been anticipating all this
time, the officer hissed one, final, infernal sacrament:

 

"J e d i!"

 

 

Chapter End Notes

Kudos to those who figured it out already, and an L to me for being fairly obvious.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Let me know in the comments if you saw this coming!

Also please don't go commenting this spoiler on previous chapters so as to ruin the twist
for first time readers, thank you!

----

I have been waiting for THIRTEEN MONTHS for this reveal. You fools, this has been
the plan the ENTIRE TIME!! Since the moment I uploaded the very first chapter of this
fic, this is where it has been leading. Every detail of every chapter has been plotted for
this exact moment, when the entire story has come crashing down on a single word. Yet
we aren't done just yet. I know there's still so many questions left unanswered, but



slowly things will be revealed throughout this new arc. I'm beyond excited to share the
climax of this story with you!

Don't forget to follow me on tumblr for teasers, memes, other projects, and general SW
shitposting at

Sprout-Fics.tumblr.com!

Happy Valentines Day! Sorry to break your hearts!



Chapter 39: Part Thirty Nine: Fractures
Chapter Summary

All at once it was no longer Din's helmet you looked at, but one of the images from your
nightmares. Eyes widening, you suddenly felt the burning, scorching heat of fire lick at
your skin, and the screams inside you suddenly shifted, rising in pitch to echo your own
name. The image of the visor before you transformed before your eyes, and suddenly
you were gazing into the dark, bottomless blackness of a different helmet, one that
belonged to someone who leveled the muzzle of their blaster at you, letting their finger
slowly push down on the trigger...

"NO!!"

Chapter Notes

TW for descriptions of panic attacks. Read at your own discretion

See the end of the chapter for more notes

"Jedi!!"

 

The sound, the word that had been hissed through gritted teeth, the one that seemed to strike
at the very core of you, rang out deafeningly through the interior of the Razorcrest, bouncing
off the walls in an endless repetition.

 

Jedi.

 

Those rumored to have strange abilities gifted by the stars themselves, to command the
unknown entity that was known as 'the force'. The same enigmatic, seemingly omnipotent
beings who traveled the galaxy to disperse peace, but in the end had been hunted down as
traitors of the Empire. You had heard murmurs of their kind, spoken in hushed whispers away
from the ears of Imperials and their sympathizers. To speak of the Jedi was to summon
misfortune. Those who spoke of the force and those who commanded it disappeared, never to
be seen nor heard from again.



 

Yet the woman before you, belonging to that same Empire that had wiped out that strange
coven of sorcerers, now accused you of belonging to that same extinct creed.

 

Your entire form began to tremble at her words, wavering like a sapling in a gale of that
which you didn’t understand. In your arms, Grogu too, shivered. The small ripple of fear that
ran from him to you and back again in a never-ending circuit seemed to at last awaken you
from the shocked trance you had found yourself in.

 

"Liar." You croaked at last, voice cracking, eyes wild with fear. Yet the word felt tight,
constricted. Your chest tightened in an effort to simply speak, to refute the accusation. "The
Jedi are a myth."

 

Yet simultaneously that pull within you, that same gravity that had beckoned to you on
Coruscant, spoke otherwise. That same unknown thread that tied you to those same
desecrated ruins where you had found Grogu, that same force that sucked you down into the
abyss within your nightmares, roiled within you in whispers you couldn’t understand.

 

It was impossible. You knew nothing of the Jedi other than the hushed whispers from those
who dared to speak of such sedition. The Jedi were extinct, hunted down, slaughtered and
executed as traitors. There weren’t any Jedi left as far as you knew. You had nothing in
common with them. You were just an orphan, one of many left behind by the clone wars,
destined to die or fight to survive in the face of the fledgling Empire. You didn't have magic
powers, you didn't possess the strange abilities the child in your arms did. You...

 

You were no one.

 

Yet the officer before you merely sneered at your wavering declaration, as if disgusted by the
lies you tried to tell yourself.

 

"Don't play games with me, survivor." She barked, voice hoarse from the days of being
forced to hide, to flee. "I'm not feeble-minded enough to fall for your foolish Jedi mind
tricks."

 



Traitor. Survivor. Fugitive. Nobody. Jedi.

 

Your thoughts seemed to scream inside your head, loud enough for you to want to press a
palm to your temple to quiet it. The motion drew the attention of the officer before you, who
raised her blaster high enough to make it glint in the waning light of sunset. You hardly
noticed, caught in the net of your own thoughts like a small, delicate bird trying to free itself.

 

This didn't make any sense. You? A Jedi? Someone who was chosen by the enigmatic power
of the Force? It wasn’t just impossible, it was so far from your realm of existence it would
have been laughable if the circumstances were different. You didn’t possess strange abilities,
you didn’t wield a laser sword. You were just a mechanic who found themselves in the wrong
place at the wrong time, aboard a vessel with someone who at the time wanted nothing to do
with you.

 

Of all the things to be wanted by the Empire for, you never guessed it would be for the one
thing you couldn't be.

 

Grogu shifted in your arms, shuddering with a whine. The motion brought you back to your
senses all at once. You blinked once, twice, before focusing back on the woman before you.
Your eyes caught hers, and for the briefest of moments your gazes were able to lock as you
managed to stare past the blaster muzzle, into the depth of her.

 

As your gazes stilled on the other, you saw once more that hesitation, that confusion flicker
across her eyes. It was gone in an instant, and once more she glared at you.

 

"That's enough stalling, Jedi." She hissed, leveling her aim once more. "Hand me the child, or
I'll drop you where you stand."

 

You stared at her, eyes betraying the horror that engulfed you. The threat of dying, of losing
Grogu seemed like nothing compared to the curse she had laid upon you, calling you
something that didn't even exist, that raged a silent, deafening war within the fibers of you.

 

"I'm not a Jedi." You spoke, voice barely audible. Yet your gaze didn't break from hers, not
for an instant.



 

The officer blinked, again hesitating for just a moment.

 

"Speak up!" She spat, and it only made your curl further in on yourself, withering under her
stare.

 

"I'm not a Jedi." You spoke again, voice shaking, barely audible to the officer in front of you.
Eyes unblinking, staring into the depths of her, you tried to summon every inch of truth into
your voice despite the conflict inside of you. "I'm not."

 

Yet she merely laughed, the sound almost deranged to the point of madness with the duress of
being hunted, pursued by the same bounty hunters she had once looked down upon.

 

"Of course, you're a Jedi, you stupid girl." She shot back venomously. "There's no use in
denying it now, not when you've finally been caught.” Then her voice deepened, sank to a
low, dangerous tone that, for a moment, you were sure would be the last words you’d ever
hear.

 

“You're foolish to think I'd let you go after everything I've fought for."

 

She didn’t believe you. You didn’t believe her, and you suddenly realized that this would be
the impasse that would lead to your doom. Neither of you willing to surrender, the result
being a crumpled, bloody form slumped against the metal floor of the ship you stood in.

 

Something rose within you then. Like a spark raging to life, you were at once consumed by
the fear, the anger, the frustration, the desperation of her failure to believe you, of not
understanding, of not knowing why denying the accusation seemed to render a part of you in
half.

 

"I'm not a Jedi!" You yelled, eyes closing, body hunching over the child in your arms, voice
shrill and ricocheting off the walls of the Razorcrest.

 



The silence that followed seemed like the end of all things, a final, moment's pause before a
shot rang out and ended your life where you stood. Yet, after several moments when the
silence only grew, when you didn’t feel a brief, horrifying pain followed by nothingness, you
at last looked up to the officer before you.

 

Her blaster had lowered just a few inches, pointed now at your feet rather than you and the
child in your arms. The sneer, the disgust and desperation on her face had faded, and in its
place you saw a confusion, an uncertainty that seemed more terrifying than her contorted
expressions from before.

 

"You..." She spoke at last, voice softer now, disconcertingly quiet, unsure.

 

You stared at her, lips parted, eyes threatening tears, chest clenched in an invisible, intangible
hope. Yet then the officer before you, ragged and desperate as she was, spoke in a voice that
shook the depths of you.

 

"You…really don't know...do you?"

 

PEW-!

 

You screamed at the abrupt sound of a blaster shot, sinking down to the floor and hunching
over Grogu, who cried out within your arms. You waited for the pain, for the moment in
which you felt the horrific burning, scorching wound of the blaster bolt through your side,
ripping apart your insides and rendering you a final, fatal blow.

 

Yet it never came.

 

Trembling, breathing hard, a whimper threatening your throat, you waited for several, long
moments before finally beginning to reconnect with the world around you once more.

 

You could hear the sizzling, smell the smoke of burnt flesh. The pungent odor of cauterized
blood seemed to seep into your clothes. Yet it didn't come from you. Nor did it come from the



tiny, trembling toddler in your hold.

 

At last, you looked up. Prying one eye open, then the other, you raised your gaze from the
floor to the officer who stood over you.

 

Her expression was stricken, horrified, pale and uncomprehending as the grip on her own
blaster loosened, wrist now slack and limp against her. You watched as her fingers slowly lost
all their tension, relaxing until the blaster slipped harmlessly from her hold, clattering to the
floor of the Razorcrest with a sound that seemed to be almost as loud as the blaster shot that
had rung out.

 

Terrified, you watched as the officer's eyes turned at last to you, catching you in her terrified,
glassy gaze. Her mouth moved, as if to issue one, final rebuke, to lay that fatal ultimatum
against your flesh just one more time.

 

Then her body fell, collapsing in a heap next to her discarded blaster. You heard her give a
single, lingering, shuddering exhale. Then she went still.

 

You froze, eyes impossibly wide, staring at the fallen form of your attacker. Grogu trembled
in your arms, tucked tightly against your chest, where you felt your heart beat in a deafening,
irregular rhythm. You felt as if you couldn't breathe, couldn't think, thoughts everywhere at
once and yet nowhere to be found. For a single, shattering moment, you thought you saw a
vision of yourself lying on that floor before you, hands still outstretched for the child in your
arms.

 

Then, a single, terrified, hoarse scream broke through the fog of your thoughts.

 

"Cuyan!"

 

Your eyes shot towards the sound, able to only observe the glint of beskar as a large, dark
shadow hurdled towards you both.

 



Though you flinched at the sight, taken aback by the large, towering form that jogged into the
hold of the Razorcrest, Grogu immediately perked up. His large green ears, which had
drooped in fright, now raised in attention as his head swiveled to take in the form of his
Mandalorian caretaker. Instantly he whined, reaching for Din as the latter knelt in front of
you, now obscuring the vision of the officer he had shot dead from behind.

 

In your extended surprise your arms had loosened around Grogu, and quickly the child was
scooped from your arms into Din’s, who held him against his chest plate with one hand while
tucking his blaster away with the other.

 

"Are you hurt?" He asked quickly, voice tinting with a concern he only expressed for you and
the child in his hold.

 

Your eyes looked up, caught the image of his visor staring down at you, tilted down so it
failed to catch the overhead lights in the cargo hold. Wordlessly, you stared at it, thoughts still
racing in an attempt to process what had just happened. You opened your mouth
automatically to reply but found instead that the only sound that escaped was a shuddering
exhale which rapidly developed into a series of hyperventilating, ragged gasps.

 

Din flinched, reaching out a hand to firmly touch your shoulder in an attempt to bring you
back from the edge of panic. Yet you were already far gone, doubling over and clutching at
your chest, gasping and heaving in an effort to simply breathe.

 

Din's call for you was distant, unable to penetrate the horrific ringing in your ears. It sounded
as if he was somewhere far away, as if trying to summon you through a vast, deep ocean. You
could hear his voice, but it was muffled, obscured by the soul gripping terror that refused to
release you from its hold.

 

When Din's touch vanished from you, you felt a stab of pain in your chest so swift it knocked
what little breath you had from inside you. You gripped the fabric of your shirt tight in your
fist, as if it could somehow dull the sensation. When you looked up to where Din had gone,
you saw the limp, slackened form of the Imperial officer's body tumble from view, down the
ramp of the cargo hold. Din stood above it, shoulders tight and form emanating a raw sense
of fury you had seen only a few times before. Then he turned, visor glinting as his focus
turned to you. With one hand he reached out and punched the lever for the ramp, and you felt
the ship shudder under you as it began to rise.



 

Then Din walked back towards you, steps careful and measured, as if he was trying to not
spook an untamed, injured animal. You could catch some of the words he spoke, one hand
skirting a touch along your shoulder once more.

 

"...I don't....we can't stay here....off planet...hyperspace..."

 

He paused after he was done, as if expecting a response. You managed a belated nod, still
trying to fend off the terrifying breathlessness that held you in its hold. That seemed to satisfy
Din, for at once he vanished from you towards the ladder that led upwards to the cockpit. You
could feel each step as he ascended the ladder, then a pause before the ship began to come to
life, humming and awakening around you.

 

Yet you remained, trying desperately to claw your way back, back from the all-encompassing
panic that had swept you out into a dark, bottomless ocean. Like a riptide, you felt the vision
of composure and reality slip farther into the distance, becoming dark and obstructed by the
haze of your thoughts. Your heart felt as if it would burst from your chest, and briefly you
wondered if it would, if you would collapse here inside the cargo hold as your body gave out
from the unimaginable pressure inside you.

 

The only thing that managed to pierce through the pure, primordial fear like lightning
flashing in a blinding storm were the words of the Imperial officer.

 

"Traitor...Survivor...Fugitive...Bounty..."

 

"...Jedi!!"

 

Your shoulders shook as you heaved, coughing and gagging in the simple effort to catch your
breath. It was so much, too much. It felt as if you were going to split into a thousand tiny
fragments to be scattered across the stars and never be reunited again.

 

The ship rose under you, hurtling upwards through the atmosphere of Christophsis towards
some unknown destination. You felt for a moment, weightless, as if held aloft within the



cradle of space surrounded by the whispers which had grown into a deafening, catastrophic
chorus that chanted those same cursed words at you in a never-ending mantra.

 

You didn't notice as the ship paused, hummed, and then lurched forward into the blue light of
hyperspace.

 

It wasn't true, you tried to think to yourself. It wasn't true. Whatever the officer had said, it
was simply in an effort to disarm you, a blatant attempt to confuse you so she got the upper
hand.

 

Yet the truth of it rang deeply in your bones, touching that same part of you that you had
brushed against in that hazy, dream-like vision on Coruscant. There, the stars had hummed a
tune you had known all your life. Now that music was warped, screaming out against your
efforts to deny the word, the title that had been laid bare against your flesh.

 

Jedi.

 

With the ship humming under you, you failed to notice Din's footsteps as they rapidly
descended the ladder, rushing back towards you, towards your aid.

 

You heard his voice, and if you hadn't been so caught by the strange panic that had seized
you, you would have been concerned at the fear in his tone. When his hands landed on your,
on either shoulder, you flinched. Yet they didn't move. Rather, Din held fast to you, using his
own strength to raise you up, bring you to a shaking stand and turn you towards his bunk
behind you. The distraction of movement managed to help you bring what little breath you
had under control, even as you tried to quell the pang, the pressure inside your chest.

 

The simple touch of the one you trusted, the person you had silently sworn yourself to, made
a part of you ease into his grip. Carefully, you managed to sit on the edge of the bunk behind
you, body trembling uncontrollably as Din's hands fluttered around you, lifting your arms and
bending your legs as he looked for a blaster scorch against your skin. Yet he found none.
Despite everything, you nor Grogu had been injured in the encounter. You hadn’t even
suffered a scratch before Din had appeared in the nick of time, saving you once again.

 



When Din was satisfied, he at last let his hands gently cup your face, turning your gaze
upwards, towards his visor. You shuddered a breath, unconsciously leaning into his palms to
relish in his touch, seeking reassurance in a galaxy suddenly full of the unknown.

 

Yet something shook inside you then, at the sight of the dark, reflective surface you had seen
a hundred times before. Whereas before you had looked to Din’s visor for guidance, for hope,
in love and in reassurance, the shape of it now seemed to warp before you, shifting and
changing into something different.

 

All at once it was no longer Din's helmet you looked at, but one of the images from your
nightmares. Eyes widening, you suddenly felt the burning, scorching heat of fire lick at your
skin, and the screams inside you suddenly shifted, rising in pitch to echo your own name. The
image of the visor before you transformed before your eyes, and suddenly you were gazing
into the dark, bottomless blackness of a different helmet, one that belonged to someone who
leveled the muzzle of their blaster at you, letting their finger slowly push down on the
trigger...

 

"NO!!"

 

You reached out, raising your hands and pushing the heavy form in front of you, hands
connecting with the smooth metal chest plate of the Mandalorian that had a split second ago
been hunched over you in deep worry.

 

Despite your terrified shove, Din remained unmoved. His sturdy frame rocked back at your
palms landing on his chest plate, but otherwise he simply froze, every muscle coiled in a
rigid, unrelenting shock.

 

In the horrible, tense silence that followed,  you realized you had made a mistake. Like the
endless, deep void of space, at once your thoughts seemed to come hurtling back to reality,
screaming into a stop so suddenly it made your entire body shudder. Your eyes remained
closed, as if to block out the lingering, shadowy images of the helmet from before, protecting
yourself from the remnants of your nightmare as it at last whispered into silence.

 

Heart still racing, but thoughts now eerily, startlingly silent, you carefully pried open your
eyes to look at the form in front of you.



 

Din stood stock still, hands still slightly raised, as if wanting to reach out to you. Yet there
was a hesitation, a hurt in his stance you didn't recognize, so foreign was it to the image of
the hardened hunter that appeared to you in your mind. Din looked at you, startled, surprised,
shaken that you had shoved him away with such resilience. Even without seeing his face you
could see the shock, the hurt inside of him.

 

You paused, face falling, eyes widening to look at your hands, the hands you had used to
push away your ally, your protector, your partner, your lover, Din.

 

"Din...I..." You spoke, and your voice was cracked, hoarse and dry from the hyperventilating
breathlessness you had just experienced.

 

Yet Din's form seemed to harden, falling in on itself just as much as he drew himself up.
Shoulders tightening, hands clenching at his sides, Din’s figure tensed at the seams. All at
once the form of Din seemed to contract, fortifying itself into the stance not of the man you
had grown to trust, had grown to love, but the one who came before him. Mando.

 

"You should rest." The Mandalorian bounty hunter stated evenly, voice tight and
indiscernible. "You must be tired."

 

Then Din turned abruptly, without hesitation, and began to ascend the ladder back up towards
the cockpit. You watched him, gaze following and failing to summon the words to get him to
stop, to wait, to let you explain. Each step up the ladder seemed to land like a nail hammered
into a coffin, sealing you in the guilt and shock of your reaction. Din didn't look back as he
vanished, leaving only you, alone, sitting on the edge of the bunk, suffering in the silence of
his absence.

 

Crestfallen, you stared at the place where Din had been, listening as the doors to the cockpit
opened and hissed shut with a sound of finality. The silence that followed was unbearable,
leaving you alone once more and lost within the depth of your own mind, and the guilt at
having struck one of the only people in the entire galaxy who had sworn to keep you safe.

 

A horrible, sick feeling rose within you. Empty and yet all consuming, it bubbled up your
throat unabated and erupted into a wrecked sob that threatened your voice. Eyes suddenly hot



with tears, you folded in on yourself, burying your face in your hands and letting your quiet,
distraught voice hiccup against the heel of your palms.

 

You hadn't meant to hurt him. You hadn't meant to push him away. If anything, you wanted
him closer now more than ever, to hold you as your cries fell against his chest and you could
be reassured by the heartbeat there. Yet instead, you were alone, caught in the riptide of your
own swelling thoughts.

 

Like a wave crashing over you, all at once the stress of being nearly killed, of being told
something about yourself you couldn't reconcile with, at hurting Din and then being left alone
sank down on you like the weight of the galaxy itself. Your gut seemed to twist and coil like
some strange serpent, and it was all you could do to muffle your sobs into your hands.

 

Suddenly, it felt as if you were a child once more. Alone, afraid, disturbed by the ever-
changing world around you, yet forced to face it by yourself. In the baked, dry, dusty streets
of Kaddak, you wept into the silence of the abandoned houses and shuttered structures where
you found shelter.

 

You wept. You wept for yourself, but also for the things that you wish you had. You knew it
would be a simple task to follow Din up, to apologize, to seek that comfort you so craved like
the child you were inside, but it felt hollow, useless. Even if Din and you did reconcile, the
bitterness, the sting of what had just transpired would remain.

 

It was too much. The distraught made your stomach weave itself into knots, twisting and
turning with crooked ease. Face now slick with tears, you doubled over and sniffled against
your chest, folding in on yourself almost protectively.

 

You called out. Not audibly, but within yourself, summoning a voice from the depths of you
in an effort to reach out a hand for comfort. To simply touch someone else, to have them
acknowledge you, to simply stay by your side as the weight of the words crested over your
shoulders.

 

Then, in a feather-light contact, a small hand pressed into your side. You paused, stilled,
trying to catch your breath in the midst of your messy, choked sobs. Then you lifted your
head, and with your vision blurred from tears, found the small but concerned form of Grogu
hovering by your side, standing on the mattress next to you.



 

The child looked up at you, and in his own eyes you could see the mirror of your own.
Distraught, confusion, concern, and beyond that, a silent plea to not be alone.

 

"Oh Grogu." You breathed, easily scooping the child into your arms and holding him against
your chest. Grogu hiccupped, and in the sound you felt your own sorrow coalesce into
something that connected the two of you. The fear of your nearly fatal encounter, the distress
of everything that had just transpired wove an invisible bond between the two of you, uniting
you in misery.

 

That same, sublime thread that had connected the two of you since your first encounter
seemed to sing quietly a song of sorrow. In it you could sense that same, strange call from
before, the one that lay at the core of the strange whisperings and gravity you failed to
explain even to yourself. Yet you ignored it, instead focusing on the touch, the comfort of
another being that you could hold close as your ragged exhales shook your chest.

 

You don't know how long you stayed like that, wrapped in each other's touch, relying on just
each other to bear the brunt of the emotions that came with the experience you had just
survived, and the wounds that came with it.

 

At some point you found yourself on your side, sprawled on Din's cot, with Grogu tucked
against your stomach like a purring loth-cat. Then, in a graceful, quiet blessing, fatigue and
emotional exhaustion overcame you, and you surrendered yourself to the fitful embrace of
sleep.

 

----

 

The stillness inside the cockpit was...unsettling.

 

Din was by now used to your curious presence beside him, staring at the star charts and
controls, gingerly reaching to point at the various buttons and indicators with a steady stream
of questions. Din was reminded each and every time you sat behind him that your experience
with space-faring travel was negligible at best. Though at first your persistent curiosity had
mildly annoyed him with your distractions, so used to the silence that he was, eventually it
became just another endearing fact about you.



 

Now, this part of the Razorcrest was eerily quiet, filled only by the constant purr of the
hyperdrive and occasional, consistent beeping of the controls. The flashing blue light of
hyperspace flickered off Din's beskar cuirass, dancing against his vision in a familiar yet
enthralling display. Arms crossed, he slumped in the pilot's seat, turning over the sight of
your terrified expression over and over in his mind.

 

You had never touched him like that.

 

In all the time you had spent together, months now spent almost entirely side by side, you had
never pushed at Din in such a way. Terrified, panicking, caught in the current of your own
fear, reaching out and rejecting his concerned advances.

 

It wasn't as if you three hadn't had close encounters before. Rather the opposite. It seemed
with every new destination, every new adventure, that trouble seemed to follow you. From
Hypori to Rishi, from Coruscant to Christophsis, you three had managed to escape every
time, each time a little closer than the last. Yet this was the first time that you had come into
contact with an Imperial, an officer of all people.

 

The thought of what could have happened ate at Din from the inside out, devouring his
insides and haunting his thoughts. If he had been a moment too late, if he hadn't shot first and
asked questions later, if he had somehow missed the bounty posting, if he hadn't sprinted
back to the Razorcrest...

 

The memory of your prone, injured body collapsed on Hypori seemed all too real now. The
thought that Din could have arrived to an entirely different scene, to the Razorcrest
hauntingly empty, with you and the child whisked away from him again, consumed him.
Worse yet, you could have been killed, left to bleed out and waiting, waiting for him to
appear so you wouldn't have to die alone. The memory of Hypori now seemed to coalesce
with Din's nightmare, painting a horrific scene right before his eyes.

 

Yet the worst hadn't come to pass. You and the child were safe below in the cargo hold,
unharmed except for the invisible scars left behind.

 

Even so, what had happened was close. Too close.



 

He shouldn't have been surprised then when you had pushed him away. You had rejected his
comforting touch, trying to reassure you that you were safe, whole, unharmed. You had
shoved him away, yelling in terror, eyes wild, confused, stricken with fear. He couldn’t
exactly blame you for your reaction to such an encounter, shoving him away even as he
sought to remedy his absence. After all, his words swearing to keep you and the kid safe, to
protect you both, in your time of need he had arrived almost a moment too late.

 

Din had no doubt you blamed him for what happened. Stars above, he blamed himself most
of all. Still, he couldn't deny your rejection stung to the touch. The place where your palms
had landed on his armor seemed to ache even now, burning an imprint that you had left
behind.

 

He couldn't hold it against you, this fear. Unlike Din, you hadn't lived a life of close calls and
near misses. Granted yours had not been an easy one, but to meet your end by the thing you
feared the most: killed by the people who sought you with no answers as to why, was too
cruel a fate to bear. Din understood why you blamed him, he just wished it didn't sour such a
bitter taste in his mouth.

 

Stars, would you decide to leave over this? Go back to your original plan of settling
somewhere quiet, peaceful and praying that the Empire never found you? Din could imagine
your solemn, quiet voice asking for him to drop you somewhere in the core worlds,
whispering a goodbye that would ghost across his dreams...

 

Abruptly, Din tilted his helmet back so he could run a gloved hand over his face in an attempt
to dispel the thought.

 

You wouldn't. You couldn't. Din would never forgive himself. If you left, if he let you go...

 

Din was standing before he could finish the thought, yanking his helmet back down to cover
his face and striding with purpose towards the door. Even if you were still reeling at what
happened, terrified and anxious and furious at Din for allowing you to brush that close to
death, he couldn't sit idly by as you resolved yourself to leave based on his mistake.

 



Din's boots rang against the rungs of the ladder, and each step seemed nearly deafening to the
silence of the cargo hold. You were no longer crying, he noticed. Instead, there was a solemn
silence that enfolded the hold of the ship, cradling you there in it's quiet embrace.

 

When he turned, he could see your legs dangling from the edge of his bunk, haphazardly
thrown across the edge of it. Din wanted to approach, to sit beside you and relish in the
proximity he only ever experienced with you. Yet the fear that you might reach out and strike
him again- in fear, in anger, he didn't know- made Din shift uneasily where he stood. Instead,
he gently directed his voice towards you, trying to gain your attention.

 

"Cuyan."

 

There was an uneasy pause following Din's entreating voice. Then, carefully, you shifted on
the cot. Though you didn't offer a response, the movement signaled to Din that at least you
could hear him.

 

Din tried to stifle the twisting sensation in his stomach at your refusal to speak to him,
grimacing under his helmet. His lips parted, but hesitation followed soon after. For a few
moments Din tried to summon the words necessary for forgiveness, to entreat you to stay, to
offer him reassurance that this would not be the thing that unbound you.

 

"I...understand what happened was difficult." Din spoke at last, voice halting and unsure,
scraping hard against the back of his dry throat. "Trust me when I say that if I had known you
and the kid were in danger, I would have never left."

 

Din swallowed, feeling his throat constrict uncomfortably as he spoke his next words in a
solemn, pleading voice.

 

"I'm...sorry."

 

Yet you didn’t respond. Far from it, you didn’t even move. As if doing so would give Din
some type of indication as to your thoughts, you remained frozen still, silent, unwavering.

 



"I...know that probably isn’t enough.” Din provided at last, feeling strangely discomforted by
the silence. “I promised I'd keep you safe, and I broke my promise on that. If...if you are
angry, I don't hold it against you."

 

Din clenched his fists at his side, helmet bending to look downwards in dismay as you again
refused to respond. The words had begun to build inside him now, and for once it felt as if
nothing could obstruct him from speaking what he felt.

 

"But you...you and the kid...you are both more important to me than you will ever know.”
There felt an almost phantom pain against his chest, in the place where your palm had struck
him. The sensation seemed to pierce through his armor, deep into the fiber of him, bringing
forth his next words as a mere, near desperate murmur

 

“I just hope you believe me when I say that there is nothing I wouldn't do to keep you two
safe."

 

Looking up once more to your still form, entirely absent of any indication you had ever heard
him at all, Din felt his voice nearly crack.

 

"So Cuyan...please..."

 

Again, Din was met with silence.

 

As if someone had twisted a vibroblade into his guts, Din felt his heart sink at your blatant,
solid refusal of his apology, of his oath to you.

 

"Cuyan." Din spoke again, voice strained.

 

For a moment he felt as if he should return to the cockpit, abandoning all hope of
reconciliation. Yet something whispered at him, urged him closer to your still, unmoving
form.



 

Din took a tentative step forward, and when you didn't react, another. Soon he was peering
around the bulkhead into the compartment where you were laying, expecting to see your
bitter expression staring resolutely away from him.

 

Instead, he found your features relaxed in sleep, brow still knotted in worry and lips parted
with soft breaths that fell against your wrist as your arm pillowed your head under you. The
icy refusal Din had expected was entirely absent, and its place was your gentle, restlessly
slumbering form with the child cuddled into your chest.

 

Din was quiet all at once, trying to make himself small and silent so as to not disturb you. Yet
he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief that the cold shoulder he had imagined from you
was nothing more than your thoughts being lost within the grip of sleep, unable to answer
him.

 

Tentatively, Din approached closer, hovering at the edge of the cot to observe your
slumbering figure.

 

You had tear stains on your cheeks, and the sight of them alone made something inside of Din
clench in regret. He almost felt the urge to reach out and smear them away with his bare
hand. Yet, afraid the gesture would disturb you, Din instead let his hand brush your hair in a
feather-light touch, simply struck by your features worried even in dreams.

 

Somehow, that gesture managed to rouse the smaller form beside yours. The child shifted
with a small whine, and after a moment opened his brown eyes to stare up at Din with a
sleepy gaze.

 

That clench inside of Din seemed to soften at the sight of the child before him, quiet,
peaceful, resting safely tucked into your figure beside him.

 

"Hey." Din greeted gently, reaching his hand out and brushing it carefully against the child's
face. With a careful murmur, he spoke. "Go back to sleep. You're safe."

 



The child murmured something Din couldn't understand, the sound babyish and garbled. Yet
he did as Din instructed, eyes fluttering shut once more.

 

Din took in the sight before him, feeling his previous anxieties briefly abandon him at the
vision of the two beings curled on his cot, tucked into each other within the cradle of sleep.
For a moment Din wished he was part of this scene, with you asleep in his arms, listening to
the sound of your snores against his chest, hands stroking the surface of your back in a
gesture to reassure himself that you were alive, whole. With the kid tucked between your two
larger frames, the three of you tangled in a mess of limbs that seemed to bleed together at the
seams into a single soul.

 

Din sighed, helmet tilting. Under his visor, a small, gentle smile tugged against his lips,
upward towards his softening gaze.

 

His partner. His foundling. Together, caught within the grip of dreams. Safe. Here. With him,
where the world couldn't hurt them.

 

In that moment Din felt something greater than himself swell inside of him. It seemed the
threaten the seams of him, feeling at once so great and grave it forced a heavy, unrelenting
sigh from him. The idea that he could have lost nearly everything important to him, that he
would have failed to protect it, momentarily shook him again at his very foundation. Tilting
his head back to stare beyond the ship's hull, out into the vastness of space, Din swore again,
silently to the stars:

 

He would never let anything hurt his tiny, beloved clan. Never.

 

 

 

Chapter End Notes

Pretty sure I've stared at this chapter long enough to make my eyes cross. Hopefully it
came out well. It's a bit slow, but there's plenty to dissect before we get into the meat of



this arc.

For those curious, this arc does in fact coincide with Episode 6 of Season 1. We've taken
a VERY extended detour between episodes 5 and 6 of season one, and now will began
to catch up to what is going on. Which means we will Mayfeld and crew (with their oh
so wonderful personalities) in the coming chapters! I expect you can all guess where we
are headed after that in terms of coinciding with the canon plotline >:3c

Thank you for reading! I try to answer comments as best I can, but considering I got 50
on the last chapter alone, and more and more folks are still discovering this fic, it can
take a fair amount of time for me to reply. Either way a kudos and comment goes a long
way in keeping me motivated to write. I can't believe we're getting near the end already!

One more thing- I'm close to another milestone celebration on my tumblr where I also
post this fic (sprout-fics.tumblr.com) so give a follow to see details on that soon!

Love you all! <3



Chapter 40: Part Forty: To Conceal
Chapter Summary

"Din.” You spoke, voice small and barely a whisper. “Please…kiss me.”

Din stiffened instantly, and you felt his form ripple with the shiver that ran through him.

The hand under your grasp, tucked against the corner of your face, vanished from under
your touch, raising and drawing across his body. There, he pressed a button on his
gauntlet with the faintest of beeps, causing something within the hold of the Razorcrest
to whine into nothingness.

The lights. You realized. He had shut off the lights so you couldn't see his face.

The disappointment at the realization was quickly replaced by surprise as Din's hesitant,
reaching touch sought you in the darkness. You caught his hand in yours, realizing that
he had also removed his gloves so his bare hands could feel you, capture what he could
not see.

"Here." You whispered to him, unable to see his figure but wanting to draw him even
closer. "I'm right here."

Chapter Notes

Recommended music for this chapter: "Goodbye" by Ramsey (Found Here)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

You knew the scene even before it unfolded.

 

In your dreamscape the vast array of stars before you had shifted into hazy, vague images,
seeming to play in slow motion before it engulfed you at once from all sides.

 

The screams.

 



It was always the screams you heard first. They sang against the depths of you, ringing out in
ways that you couldn’t hear, beating against your chest like a stabbing, phantom pain. It
sounded like a great cry out against the flow of life itself, futile and inevitable against the
wheels of fate. Each wail was accompanied with the hail of blaster fire, a bright blue flash
that flickered against your irises brimming with tears.

 

The stench always came next, stinking of smoke and acrid, burnt blood and plasma. It lodged
itself in your throat, and despite your gagging, coughing, it refused to remove itself. You
choked on it, feeling your own voice hoarse and desperate bubbling up in a horrible, horrific
scream of fear, of protest at the scene before you.

 

Then, the fire.

 

How it had occurred, you didn't know. On accident or on purpose, it didn't matter. All that
was truly important was the way it threatened against your back, the searing heat seeping
through your clothes and laying threateningly against your skin. Immediately, you tried to
draw away from it, to flinch at the scorching sensation, but instead found yourself rooted to
the spot, immobilized by a soul-gripping terror that you had never thought possible.

 

So, you stood, with the fire at your back, the acrid smell of death clogging your nose and
throat, and the screams of the already dead haunting you for the remainder of your short,
tragic life ahead of you. A mere child, innocent and cut down for a crime that had never
existed.

 

With the flames at your back casting a hazy, orange glow around your form, figures rushed
past you to their inevitable doom. There you watched the scene before you, as shapes and
obscured figures of your teachers, friends, family moved past you, around you, through you.
You stood, transfixed by their forms running, jolting backwards horribly as they were cut
down by blaster fire.

 

And again, as it had a thousand times before, someone pushed past you, clamping down a
hand on your small shoulder so it left a blood handprint there. You didn't know their name,
didn't see their face. The only indication they had ever existed was the phantom touch they
had left there, long lost to the sands of time.

 



You tried to close your eyes, tried to blot out your senses, but the truth of it all seemed to sing
a twisted orchestra within your veins, reaching into your mind and replaying those same
sensations over and over again until it echoed in a disastrous cacophony that you couldn't
silence. It ingrained itself into you, into your very existence. You knew that no matter where
you went, no matter how you tried, that this scene would haunt you for the rest of your days.

 

You knew what came next, how the rest of this vision would unfold. Instinctively you tensed as
you were caught by the sensation of weightlessness, then falling, falling, seemingly into the
void of space itself. Your body hurtled downwards, sinking like a stone into an unfathomable
darkness.

 

...All as a voice called out your name in a final, horrified, desperate plea of despair.

 

----

 

Your eyes shot open, body freezing as if stilling yourself could chase away the remnants of
the nightmare that lingered at the edge of your thoughts. You didn’t gasp or scream the way
you would have before, instead felt that self from your dreams descend abruptly back into
your own body and allowing you a moment of reprieve to collect yourself before wakefulness
washed over you. Breath caught tight in your chest, afraid to move, you carefully pried your
eyes open.

 

The world made itself known to you in soft, cautious steps, starting with the sensation of your
dry, cracked lips, and your body sprawled across a familiar sleeping cot.

 

You blinked once, twice, feeling your eyes still puffy and tender from your previous crying
fit. Your limbs felt heavy, awkwardly slumped and sore. An ache, a fatigue had settled over
you, as if you truly had been falling, running, fleeing like you had been in your dream. The
sounds of the Razorcrest began to filter through your uncoordinated thoughts, with the hum
of the engines in power save mode and thrum of the ship's life support systems churning.
Dimly, you realized Din must have at some point brought you out of hyperspace.

 

Din.

 



You felt your body curl into itself, as if trying to valiantly protect you from the emotional
suffering that followed the thought. Yet it was to no avail, as the regret, the hurt of what had
happened when you had shoved the Mandalorian away awoke within you like a sleeping,
hungry beast. Again, tears threatened at the corner of your eyes, throat thick with a sob even
mere moments after waking.

 

The thought that Din had been hurt, had been angered by what you did, ate at you from the
inside out. Yet more than that, the grief of not being able to experience the comfort, the
reassurance you had so desperately craved from him felt like a raw wound had been carved
deep into your chest where your heart lay.

 

You gave it a few moments to pass, riding it like a tide washing over you and then drawing
out to sea. Your shuddering breath chased out the wave. Once it subsided, you again opened
your eyes and slowly began to raise yourself upwards off the cot. Limbs heavy and
uncooperative, it took you more than a few moments to shake yourself from your stupor and
reconnect with the world around you. Tentatively, you scanned the cargo hold where you had
fallen into a fitful slumber.

 

...Only to find Din sitting mere feet away from you.

 

You nearly jolted at the sight, instead feeling yourself freeze and inhale sharply at Din's silent
but profound presence. He was watching you with a keen stare, entire body tensed, as if he
were the prey spotted by some unknown predator. He was frozen, entirely still save for the
single, gloved finger he held out towards the bassinet beside him. There, you saw Grogu's
small, three clawed grip holding the finger loosely as he slept.

 

Your gaze flickered back to Din, who's stare had not wavered from your form. He seemed as
shocked to see you as you were to see him. His entire figure was rigid, fixed in place as if the
mere rise and fall of his chest would spook you. He sat on a nearby crate, and you saw his fist
curled upon his knee as he simply observed you in surprise.

 

Your stares unbroken with each other, you were reminded again of the moment where you
had shoved him away, where you both had gazed at each other in shock. Now, that same
ripple of discomfort seemed to exist between you, filling the space where words did not exist.

 



You felt a phantom pang in your chest, born there out of the grief and anger at what had
happened earlier. You almost pressed a hand there to quell it, wishing it away as you
continued to gaze at Din with your eyes containing your sorrow.

 

Din was the first to break the stare between you, carefully shifting his gaze from you to the
child in the bassinet, tucked in his blanket and snoring gently.

 

An awkward, heavy silence fell between you two, filled only by the background noise of the
Razorcrest and the sleepy sounds of Grogu. You swallowed, and upon doing so, realized that
the sob that had threatened to bubble up moments ago had not entirely vanished. Still, you at
last managed to summon your voice enough to speak.

 

"Where are we?" You asked, wincing at how cracked and hoarse your voice was from your
earlier crying fit.

 

Din's gaze shot up to meet yours, as if surprised you would speak at all. You watched as his
shoulder's rose as if to respond. Then he paused, measured himself before at last providing:

 

"At the edge of as asteroid field." And when he saw apprehension flicker across your
expression: "Far away enough to not be in danger, but close enough to hopefully be mistaken
for an asteroid."

 

He watched your expression, watched as you nodded and shifted your eyes away from him.
Then, in a gentler, softer voice he supplied:

 

"We're safe."

 

That made you look back up at him, lips slightly parted at the tinge of remorse you found in
his voice. Your eyes traced his movements as Din slowly withdrew his finger from Grogu's
grip, then shifted on his seat to better face you.

 



Bent over, elbows resting on his knees, hands clasped together, and head bent, he let out a
sigh that rattled inside his helmet. This was unfamiliar to you, this trepidation that held Din
fast within its grip. His shoulders rose, as if to talk. Yet in the silence that followed, you
wondered if Din was going to speak at all.

 

In a small, cautious voice that barely pierced the discomforting quiet, you asked: "Din?"

 

Din's head jolted up to look at you, lingering there for a moment before his gaze returned to
his clasped hands. Yet he did not speak, not at first. Instead, he waited a few more, suffering
moments before offering his voice:

 

"I'm sorry."

 

His words made you blink at the abruptness in which he blurted them out, as if Din had
forced himself to take a great leap of faith within himself. Confusion flickered across your
gaze, dim and unsure. You opened your mouth to reply, to ask why, but Din's voice went on.

 

"I broke my promise to you." He continued, as if his apology were a loosened stone that now
let a flood of words pour forth, unabated. Yet instead of the desperate tone you had
anticipated, Din's voice was even, measured. It felt as if he was simply explaining a star chart
to you rather than attempting a reconciliation that he had burdened himself with starting. It
was uncomfortable, rendering Din seemingly even further away from you, detached and
untouchable.

 

"I told you that I'd keep you and the kid safe, make sure that you wouldn't get hurt, but-" Din
paused, and you swore you could almost hear him swallow thickly before continuing: "What
happened, it's...my fault for not being there.”

 

You stared at Din, silent in your bewilderment as you tried to decipher his words. You didn't
understand. Din had arrived just in time, had saved you and Grogu, had whisked you both
away to safety. Yet now he sat before you, helmet bent, posture hunched and closed off but
asking for forgiveness, as if he hadn't just saved your life again.

 



"I...understand if you are upset." Din went on, tone and stare indecipherable. You found
yourself speechless, trying to desperately understand how Din had concluded that you were
somehow mad at him, trying to understand how Din was so calm.

 

The push, you realized belatedly. He thought you were shoving him away our of anger, not
the all-engulfing panic you had held inside you at the accusation the Imperial officer had
levied at you.

 

The word she had spoken back then again sent a ripple of fear through you, drawing your
face into a grimace once more.

 

Jedi.

 

Yet that didn’t explain the forced, rigid tone Din spoke in, the way he closed himself off to
you. It felt as if Din was talking at instead of with you, holding a one-sided conversation in
which he had already concluded the outcome.

 

"I...don't blame you if you are mad at me for not being there. I..." Din trailed off, and for a
moment you saw his shoulders tense as he drew further into himself, as if trying to protect
himself from something you couldn't understand.

 

"But." He bit out. "I just hope that you don't decide to leave us because of my mistake."

 

"Din."

 

You spoke the name without even fully realizing it, simply wanting, needing to stop Din's
thoughts from spiraling even further, hating the feeling inside you at the way Din seemed to
beg you for forgiveness as much as he hid behind the pretend sense of normalcy in his voice.
Again, it felt as Din was closing himself off to you, drifting further away even as you wanted
to draw close to him. A part of you knew it was who he was, who he had grown to be in order
to survive. A bounty hunter with a weak heart was one not destined to survive, after all.

 



Yet that didn’t stop the pain, the hurt of his withdrawal piercing you all the same.

 

Somehow, Din seemed to have convinced himself that you lashing out in your panic spoke
greater volumes than intended. He had convinced himself that you were furious, that you
were going to leave.

 

So, despite his false front, here he was begging you to stay, pleading for atonement.

 

Yet there was nothing to forgive. He had saved you. Once again, Din's hands had reached out
and kept you safe, had kept you alive.

 

Just how many times now, you wondered, had Din been the one to save you? There were too
many instances to count. Christophsis, Coruscant, Hypori, Rishi, and even before that to the
hours following your original meeting... It didn't matter, in the end, because Din had proven
himself to you a hundred times over. You trusted him, loved him, would follow him to the
edges of the galaxy and back if he asked you.

 

You wanted to say all this and more, let the words pour out of you like a fountain. Yet you
found yourself unable to voice them. Instead, you asked in a quiet, choked voice:

 

"Do you…want me to leave?”

 

Din jolted, as if panicking at the thought.

 

"No." He responded almost immediately, voice suddenly louder than he intended. It rang out
against the interior of the Razorcrest, echoing for all of a moment before stilling. Yet then, as
if realizing how forthright his response had been he paused, tensed.

 

“No, I don't." He clarified, softer, more even now. Yet then after a beat: "I…understand if you
wanted to.”

 



Bewilderment, now, wasn’t exactly the word to describe how you felt. Disappointment, hurt,
conflict, yes. The fact that Din was being so nonchalant, so seemingly rational about the
whole affair...The idea that Din would go as far as to blame himself for what happened as a
result of you pushing him away, had convinced himself you'd leave…

 

That heavy, sour feeling in your stomach seemed to turn into a ball of ice.

 

“Din, you saved us.” You spoke in an attempt to break this horrible train of thought the
Mandalorian had inflicted onto himself, even as much as he tried to hide it. “If it hadn’t been
for you, the kid and I, we could have been captured. I could have died.”

 

The reality of those words sent a ripple of fear along your skin, and you shuddered at the
realization that it could have been your body sprawled out, limp and unseeing on the floor of
the Razorcrest had it not been for Din’s timely arrival.

 

“I know.” Din replied. “It was…too close. Which is why-“

 

“Din.” You tried again, stressing his name on your tongue. “What happened wasn’t your
fault.”

 

Yet Din didn’t seem to hear you. Instead, his visor stared at you blankly, masking the
expression behind it with an emotionless stare. Hands clasped, shoulders hunched, you
watched as he tried to withdraw into himself, putting a beskar wall between you and him in
an effort to not cause himself any more pain. Again, he was retreating away from you, feeling
so much and yet not allowing himself to feel anything at all. It was all you could do for him
to simply hear your voice.

 

You sighed, the sound more disappointed than irritated. The breath seemed to cling to the
inside of your chest, holding itself there in anxious trepidation. Din didn't shrink away from
the sound, merely observed you with his unblinking, blank stare before slowly shifting his
gaze away from you.

 

“Din.” You tried again, softer this time, as if your voice could coax him from his thoughts.
“Din, I trust you. I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t.”



 

That seemed to do something, for Din’s shoulders sank almost imperceptibly, letting you
know that the Mando had heard you after all.

 

You watched him, traced the scrunched, uncomfortable outlines of his figure. Your chest
clenched once more, reminding yourself that Din was merely trying to protect himself. That
his simple, matter-of-fact statements hid an inconsolable truth inside him: That he didn't want
you to leave.

 

That he didn’t know what to do without you.

 

 Then, in a quiet plea, you murmured:

 

“I’m not leaving. Even if you told me to, I don't think I ever could.”

 

Din froze, every muscle within his coiling as if you had struck him a deadly blow. You could
hear him suck in a breath, and then, every so cautiously, turn his helmet to look at you once
more. He didn't speak, simply choosing to watch your face, watch the way your eyes softened
at his gaze.

 

"Din." You spoke again, relishing the sound against your tongue as if it were the first time
you had spoken it. It was the name of a friend, a protector, a confidant, a partner, your
beloved.

 

You held your breath in your chest for a moment, watching the way Din's hands fell open in
astonishment or surprise, it was unclear. Then you let it softly escape you, blinking slowly
before carefully shifting off the mat you were sitting on and gently padding over to Din. As if
approaching a frightened, wounded animal, you made your steps soft and quiet, each
movement cautious and delicate.

 

Din's visor traced your every move, from your figure rising, to it coming to stand before him.
He shifted, leaned back to look at you fully, his gloves rustling against his flight suit as they
fell away from his lap. Yet he didn't speak, merely observed you standing a step away from



his still tensed form. He didn't speak, not even as you slowly bent, sank to your knees before
him. There, you rested your hands against his knees, lifting your face to gaze up at him.

 

"I'm not leaving." You whispered, just for the two of you. "And you have nothing to
apologize for."

 

Din sucked in a breath, and then, at last, let it echo past his lips. His figure finally eased,
shoulders releasing their pent-up tension as your voice soothed away the last of his worries.
The thoughts that had plagued him at last dissipated in his sigh, curling up and away from
you both. Then, his hand reached out and, after a moment's hesitation, covered yours.

 

"I never meant to hurt you." He spoke at last, voice strangely emotional for the beskar
bearing hunter. Gone was the facade, now, of his pretend composure and rationality. Instead,
his true emotions began to seep through, at just how afraid he had been at the thought of
upsetting you. "You and the kid, if...if anything ever happened to you-"

 

"I know." You quickly replied filling in the gap of his thoughts, not wanting for him to return
to that gut wrenching despair and feeling your face fall again at the memory of how you had
pushed him away. "I never meant to push you away, I didn't mean to hurt you...I..."

 

I was told I was a survivor of the Jedi Order. Your mind provided quickly, and you had to
clamp down on the thought to prevent it from tumbling past your lips.

 

I don't even really know who the Jedi are. I don't know why the officer told me that, I don't
know if she was lying. I keep having dreams and nightmares of something I don't understand.
I had a vision on Coruscant. I know the kid’s name because of it. There’s something inside of
me that’s always been there, and I’m afraid it’s waking up. I don’t understand why the Empire
is hunting me. I saw your helmet transform into something else, I...

 

"I was scared." You supplied at last, feeling the remnants of your churning thoughts beat
inside your chest like a distant, ominous drum. "I was terrified at the thought of losing
Gr-...the kid, of never seeing you again. I started panicking, but I was never angry at you,
Din."

 



Din didn't respond, not at first, and for a heartbeat you wondered if he could see through your
words to that which remained unspoken. Yet then he raised his other hand, let it rest gently
against your cheek in a feather light touch. Wistfully, you closed your eyes and sighed at the
sensation, feeling your worries slip away as you lifted a hand to press Din's palm flat against
your cheek.

 

Din didn’t speak in that moment, nor did you need him to. Somehow, wordlessly, you two
found yourselves once again meeting in the middle, extending your touch to the other as if it
were the only tether that kept you from drifting even further apart. Like the red string of fate,
you felt your emotions wind deeply in your chest and sing out to the Mandalorian before you.

 

This, you thought. This is what you had wanted all along. To be held, comforted in Din's
gentle touch, to be reassured by his steady presence before you. When you had curled up on
the cot and let yourself drown in your sorrows, this was what you had needed. For Din to
hold you, to let his reassurances echo through his gentle hand against your face.

 

The last, fleeting grasp of your nightmares fell away with a sigh, and your breath tickled
against Din's gloved palm with a breathy exhale.

 

"I'm sorry." You murmured after a moment. "I shouldn't have shoved you away."

 

You had hurt each other without so much as words. Both of you had spent so much time
denying your growing feelings, concealing them beneath a gentle but unspoken partnership.
This, whatever it was, was still so new and fresh despite the deep affection that lay there.
Both of your insecurities had tangled together into something you both had been so afraid of.
Yet it was only through moments like this, where you both confessed the truth to each other,
that you could forge ahead as one.

 

"Cuyan."

 

You blinked at Din's name for you, opening your eyes only to feel of Din's hands come to cup
the side of your face. Then, he gently drew you up and towards him, his head bent towards
you. You pressed gently forward, following his hands closer into his comforting form until at
last you felt the cool touch of his helmet brace against your forehead. Recognizing the
gesture for what it was, you breathed in deeply and let your exhale echo alongside Din's.



 

You remained there for a moment, feeling that strange, profound emotion well inside you and
grow hot against the corners of your eyes.

 

Stars, what you would do to just stay here, in this moment. With Din's tender hand on your
cheek, your entire figure comforted by his steady, unwavering presence. Here there were no
Imperials, no bounty hunters, nothing except you and Din held against each other, cradled in
a galaxy full of unknowns.

 

"Din." You whispered, and the name was an echo, a prayer to the heavens that some way,
somehow, you would never hurt him again. That, despite all of the unknowns ahead, you
could stay by his side.

 

"I swear." Din's voice echoed, toned lower with his helmet obscuring the sound of his words,
"...That I'd die before anything happened to you or the kid."

 

His voice resounded low and deep in your chest, like the constant hum of the ship around
you. Yet exhaled once more, feeling as if all the air in the world wouldn't be enough to fill the
warm space blossoming inside of your heart.

 

The hand tucked on top of Din's, cupped against your face, smoothed a gentle swipe of your
thumb over the back of his gloved hand. The Mandalorian before you breathed out a
shuddering exhale at the contact. Not for the last time, you wished again that you could see
his face in this moment, see the deep, swelling emotions behind his gaze.

 

"Din.” You spoke, voice small and barely a whisper. “Please…kiss me.”

 

Din stiffened instantly, and you felt his form ripple with the shiver that ran through him.

 

For a moment you thought perhaps he'd deny you, the emotions from your earlier
miscommunication still too fresh and raw. Yet then, the hand under your grasp, tucked
against the corner of your face, vanished from under your touch, raising and drawing across



his body. There, he pressed a button on his gauntlet with the faintest of beeps, causing
something within the hold of the Razorcrest to whine into nothingness.

 

You blinked open your eyes at the sound and blinked a few more times for good measure
when you found you could not see Din's figure before you. It didn't make sense until Din's
touch vanished from you completely, and you heard the tell-tale sound of his helmet
depressurizing as he removed it.

 

The lights. You realized. He had shut off the lights so you couldn't see his face.

 

The disappointment at the realization was quickly replaced by surprise as Din's hesitant,
reaching touch sought you in the darkness. You caught his hand in yours, realizing that he
had also removed his gloves so his bare hands could feel you, capture what he could not see.

 

"Here." You whispered to him, unable to see his figure but wanting to draw him even closer.
"I'm right here."

 

You lolled your head once more into Din's open palm, relishing the warmth you found
against his bare skin.

 

Din's thumb swiped over your bottom lip, and you contained the small gasp that threatened to
escape there. Heart thrumming louder than the quiet sounds of the ship around you, you felt
more than heard Din shift so as to bring himself closer to you.

 

Like something with feathers had come to rest inside your chest, your heart fluttered as you
felt Din follow the path his thumb had traced against your parted lips, descending into a
gentle, beloved kiss.

 

You allowed him a moment, simply savoring the feeling of Din's mouth pressing against
yours in a brief, lingering contact. Your eyes had closed now as you tried to imbue every
sensation, every taste, every sound into your thoughts. Perhaps, if the time came for Din to
depart from you and Grogu again, you could simply recreate him by feeling alone.

 



Your hand left Din's palm, traced upwards towards his shoulder and further, skimming along
the prickly fuzz of his jawline.

 

Din shuddered.

 

Yet that didn't cease your exploring touch, trying to map the contours and planes of his face
like star charts. Din paused, his hand sliding away from you and traveling up to loosely catch
your wrist. Yet it didn't dissuade you from your touch. Rather, followed as your fingers
reached up to stroke through Din's coarse, curly hair.

 

Din let out a sound, choked at the back of his throat, which sounded almost akin to a whine.

 

Your other hand, now, had joined this intrepid exploration. It grazed across Din's lips, where
you felt his stifled exhale tickle the pads of your fingers. Din endured it, seemed to enjoy it
when you dragged your hands through his hair again, humming a low note of approval deep
in his chest.

 

Yet at last, it seemed he had enough, for the hand encircling your wrist dragged your hand
downwards to his mouth. There, against the soft skin of the inside of your wrist, Din placed
an open-mouthed kiss that had you nearly tremble.

 

"Cyar'ika." he murmured there, as if the word alone held  the promises of the things he
desired, what he wanted.

 

Now it was your turn to shiver, to feel goosebumps radiate from the spot where he touched
you like the echoes of a supernova.

 

All at once Din was pressing into you once more, his kiss slightly askew from not being able
to see but passionate and desiring, nonetheless. You couldn't contain a small groan against the
kiss as it devolved into something more wanton, torrid. Your exploring hands now reached to
link themselves behind Din's neck, one of your palms tangling into his hair as if it could press
him deeper into your waiting mouth.

 



Din shifted, briefly drew his lips away with a quiet, wet smack before you raced up to chase
them. You followed as Din straightened, stood and guided your figure with him in a wordless,
intricate dance of need and desire.

 

Din was careful as he began to usher you backwards, ensuring you had the space you needed
to avoid any obstacles in the darkness. As if reading his thoughts, you gently stepped in the
direction he was attempting to lead you, until you felt the back of your knees bump
awkwardly against his bunk. There you stilled, continuing to soften your mouth against Din's.

 

It took a moment for you to plan your next move. Yet before you could, Din shifted forward
by an inch, his whole body pressed up against your front so suddenly you leaned back and
found yourself teetering on your toes. As one of Din's hands snaked its way down your body,
smoothing itself temptingly against the sensitive small of your back, you gasped and felt your
balance fail.

 

You fell backwards, landing sprawled against the cot under you. Din caught himself above
you, each of his hands reaching out to brace himself on either side of your head as he gazed
down at the dim outline of you in the inky blackness. With only the distant glow of the light
above the ladder to see by, your eyes traced the silhouette of the Mando above you, broad and
beautiful.

 

Your heartbeat like a drum in your ears, so loud and deafening you could hardly make out the
sound of Din's own staggered breathing above you. The air in your chest seemed to suck into
silence as the image of what the two of you must look like managed to pierce through the
haze of desire clouding your senses.

 

You were on your back, splayed against the thin mattress, staring up to where the barest
semblance of Din's outline appeared above you. Lips parted, one arm strewn across your
stomach and the other grazing against one of Din's hands, you felt your heart jump into your
throat at the strange, shuddering exhale Din let free, void now of the odd garble of his helmet.
One of his knees was braced between your legs, cape falling lazily across his back and
tickling the outside of your thigh.

 

You could only begin to imagine what his expression looked like. Surprised, mouth open,
eyes clouded with a want, a need that he couldn't seem to shake. He was entirely too still, as
if unsure how to continue now that he found himself braced above you.



 

You softened, feeling that fledgling lust within you simmer down to something sweeter, more
tender.

 

"Din." You spoke, and the sound of his name against your lips like an aria, a lullaby to soothe
both of your lonely, gentle hearts.

 

Reaching up slowly, so as to not startle him with your movements, you raised your hands to
link them beside his neck.

 

Din let another shaky exhale escape his lips at your touch, yet after a moment eased into it,
even as your thumb brushed the nape of his neck hidden under his cowl. Then, you felt him
descend towards you, and you could feel every minuscule motion of his muscles as he
surrendered to his growing desires.

 

The kiss that followed was not passionate or wanting as you anticipated. Instead, the sweet
taste of reassurance lingered after Din's brief, subdued contact.

 

The message of the gesture filled the scarce space between your two forms, and at last you
understood. This moment wasn't about passion, lust, or desire. What Din needed from you as
much as you needed from him was the careful, soft reminder that you were both here,
together, in each other's arms, alive.

 

Din bent his head to kiss you once more, and you felt his languid sigh tickle your face.

 

You pressed into the embrace, leaning upwards as Din began to withdraw. However, he
vanished beyond your reach. Yet then, after a moment, you felt Din's head fall into the
junction between your neck and shoulder. His entire form fell gently onto you, pressing some
of the air from your lungs. Yet you didn't protest, not as Din relaxed fully against you, as if
suddenly exhausted by all that had transpired.

 

Instead, you raised a hand to once again comb through his hair, to which Din made a small,
pleased sound of appreciation.



 

You both lay there, with Din's body partially covering yours and the quiet lull of the ship
around you both. Din's exhales tickled the soft, exposed skin of your throat as you stared up,
past the ceiling of his bunk, into the endless void of stars beyond the ship.

 

If you closed your eyes, it almost felt as if you were back in that dream you had on
Coruscant, where you floated in a cradle of stars against the backdrop of a strange, winding
lullaby. Now, you were only tethered down by the gravity of Din's body sprawled atop yours,
feeling the gentle rise and fall of his chest against your own.

 

Yet the remains of that dream lingered, whispered to you in those strange, forgotten murmurs
you couldn't decipher. They haunted you from afar, and if you tried to focus, tried to seize
the, they merely slipped through your fingers like mist.

 

You needed to tell him. Even if you didn't understand yet, even if you had more questions
than answers, you needed to tell him; About the words of the officer, about your dreams, the
re-occurring nightmare, about Grogu, about the mysterious sleeping existence within you. All
of it. The enigma, the truth of it all seemed to consume you from the inside out, and you
knew it would only be a matter of time before the words came rushing out of you like a flood.

 

And yet...

 

Din was still against you, exhausted by the emotional weight of your misunderstanding and
consequent reconciliation. His head lay close enough to yours that you could hear his each
and every exhale. The serenity, the bliss that poured from his chest mirrored the utter
tenderness and affection you held for him in your own.

 

Again, that selfish part of you tried to relent, to let him be and save your words for another
time. If you could simply relish this moment, ingrain every touch and sound into your very
being, then maybe, whenever the time did come, the truth wouldn't ache so harshly.

 

You swallowed it down, grimacing in the darkness against the unknown pain you were about
to inflict. As your hand in Din's hair stilled, and you summoned the breath needed to speak-

 



"I promise." Din murmured, his words sudden but soft against your neck. "We will find out
why the Empire is hunting you. You and the kid."

 

Gently, against the darkness, you closed your eyes. As if, somehow, they could conceal the
truth you refused to admit.

 

You felt your words die on your lips.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Chapter End Notes

Thank you for reading, and don't forget to follow me on tumblr at Sprout-Fics!



Chapter 41: Part Forty One: The Outpost
Chapter Summary

Who had spoken such words to you? It felt like a dream now, misty and intangible,
coming to you only when your eyes were closed. Much like the vision of fire and ruin
that had haunted your childhood, you couldn't recall when such a thing had occurred,
couldn't grasp the supposed memory that lingered even now.

It was impossible for you to be the member of such an order, and you knew that. You
didn't wield a laser-sword, didn't possess enigmatic, omnipotent powers. You couldn't
even shoot straight until recently. You were a simple mechanic from Kaddack, a back-
water world with no real history, no grandiose metropolis or government like the core
worlds. Of all people to be blessed with gifts from the stars themselves, it seemed
absolutely inconceivable that you were one of them.

And yet...

There was a part of you that seemed to know better. That same hazy, indiscernible figure
you had brushed against during your strange vision in the ruins on Coruscant seemed to
whisper to you from afar. She spoke in your own voice, calling out in words you didn't
understand but still resounded in the depths of you, pulling you like some anomalous
gravity towards a truth you refused to admit.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

 

 

At some point Din had fallen asleep atop of you, his heavy body pressing down on you and
grounding you from your own thoughts. Yet even with his comforting presence atop you, you
found yourself unable to surrender to sleep alongside him. Instead, you stared up silently at
the metal bulkhead of Din's bunk, listening to the endless mantra that seemed to have infested
your thoughts like some foreign, parasitic creature. As much as you wanted to curl into Din,
let his soft snores unfiltered by his helmet lull you to sleep, you found yourself unable to find
peace in his comforting, slumbering embrace.

 

Eventually you managed to wriggle yourself out from under Din’s heavy form, surprised that
you didn't manage to wake him in the process. The Mandalorian wasn't a heavy sleeper by
any means, able to be awoken by the slightest noise or disturbance as a result of his



experience as a bounty hunter, forcing him to be aware at all times. Yet despite your
wriggling he remained fast asleep. It was only once you were free of Din's body that he
merely murmured an incoherent reply to your absence and continued to rest where he was. If
you squinted in the darkness of the cargo hold, you could see one hand -still ungloved-
reaching out for where your figure had been resting just a moment before. It seemed that,
even in dreams, you did not leave Din’s thoughts.

 

You felt a phantom pain stab at you then, weak at the sudden influx of emotion at just how
much Din had come to cherish you over your time together. Yet you managed to quell it,
departing his side in search of solace from your own tumultuous mind.

 

In the small confines of the ship, the only other place to be alone with your thoughts was in
the relative quiet of the cockpit. You found yourself there, curled into the pilot's chair and
staring out at the vast expanse of the asteroid field not far from the viewport. It seemed
endless, obscuring the glittering backdrop of stars far beyond the edge of it. As your eyes
traced the hypnotic dance of space debris floating against a vast array of stars, your thoughts
continued to churn violently.

 

A Jedi.

 

A member of an order wiped out at the end of the Clone Wars, branded as traitors by
Emperor Palpatine and executed for crimes against the then Republic. They had been hunted,
tracked, their presences scrubbed from history by a government that sought their extinction.
As far as you were aware, there was not a single Jedi left in existence.

 

It had been less than a decade since the Empire had fragmented into irreconcilable remnants,
shattered by the death of the Emperor and the destruction of the second Death Star. Yet even
then the reign of dictatorship had lasted for nearly twenty years prior to that, and in that time,
the regime had purged any and every mention of the so-called peacekeepers who once were
allies to the Republic.

 

You knew from an early age that to speak of the Jedi was to tempt death itself. Any whisper,
any murmur of the mysterious sorcerers who once roamed the galaxy invited a visit from
stormtroopers, a blaster bolt in a back alley where no one would hear you, or some dark
shadow in the night that would ensure you were never seen again.

 



"Be silent. Stay hidden. Do not speak, lest you invite their wrath"

 

Who had spoken such words to you? It felt like a dream now, misty and intangible, coming to
you only when your eyes were closed. Much like the vision of fire and ruin that had haunted
your childhood, you couldn't recall when such a thing had occurred, couldn't grasp the
supposed memory that lingered even now.

 

It was impossible for you to be the member of such an order, and you knew that. You didn't
wield a laser-sword, didn't possess enigmatic, omnipotent powers. You couldn't even shoot
straight until recently. You were a simple mechanic from Kaddack, a back-water world with
no real history, no grandiose metropolis or government like the core worlds. Of all people to
be blessed with gifts from the stars themselves, it seemed absolutely inconceivable that you
were one of them.

 

And yet...

 

There was a part of you that seemed to know better. That same hazy, indiscernible figure you
had brushed against during your strange vision in the ruins on Coruscant seemed to whisper
to you from afar. She spoke in your own voice, calling out in words you didn't understand but
still resounded in the depths of you, pulling you like some anomalous gravity towards a truth
you refused to admit.

 

To admit to yourself that the Imperial officer's declaration may have had some truth, that
perhaps her final words may have been spoken in honesty after all, brought forth a well of
uncertainty so dark and deep you knew you'd never find your way back out.

 

"You...really don't know? Do you?"

 

It had to be a lie. It had to be. There was no way to reconcile the person you were now with
the person she thought you were. It didn't add up. It didn’t make sense.

 

Even so, you were unable to convince yourself. There were too many unknowns, too many
anomalies and variables that collided into a cataclysm of blank spaces and unanswered
questions.



 

As the soft, constant ambiance of the Razorcrest's cockpit sang a quiet lullaby, you felt your
thoughts torn asunder by the things you did not know.

 

It felt as if you were weighed down by your uncertainty alone, stumbling under the burden of
all the questions, the denial, the conflict within yourself.

 

You knew that by telling Din some of that burden would be eased. Din was your partner. He
was your support, the shield at your back and the gentle hand that guided you forward. Yet
the knowledge of...this, whatever it was, felt too much, too raw to disclose to even your most
trusted person.

 

Logically, you knew Din's faith in you wouldn't be shattered by this secret. You had no
reason to believe he would think less of you, would be afraid the way you were when you
heard such a word. Jedi.

 

Yet the doubt that maybe, somehow, Din would suddenly grow distant from you, would
realize the danger you were to him and Grogu if this turned out to be true, whispered to you
darkly at the back of your senses.

 

Would he leave? Would he no longer trust you? Leave you alone, silently, on a world not
unlike the one where you grew up?

 

...Would you be alone again?

 

Your stomach churned restlessly, body uncomfortable at the very thought. You shifted in your
seat, suddenly feeling as if your skin was not your own, as if it belonged to a person you no
longer recognized. All the while, Din slept down below, knowing not of the horrific mystery
you kept close to your chest.

 

It was the sudden, thought shattering blare of the comms system that startled you from your
ruminations. You briefly flailed in your seat, nearly falling onto the floor at the alarming



disturbance. Simultaneously, there was a noise from below, and you realized Din too, had
been awakened by the alert.

 

You fumbled for the comms as you heard Din grumble and begin to ascend the ladder
upwards from the cargo hod. With your finger on the button, you peered at the origin
coordinates of the transmission, immediately failing to recognize them as Paz's or from Rishi,
or any of the other planets you two had visited.

 

The door to the cockpit whished open, and you jolted out of your chair, realizing you had
been occupying Din's seat.

 

Despite once again donning his helmet, you could sense the lingering fatigue in Din's form as
it was revealed by the cockpit doors. Head slightly bent, shoulder's slouched, Din looked up
at you with a small tilt of his head, still drowsy from sleep.

 

"Din." You breathed, heart still hammering in your chest. "The comms- it's not Paz, I don't
know-"

 

Din placed a gentle, reassuring hand on your arm as he slid past you and eased into the pilot's
chair with a begrudging sigh. However, he paused upon reading the coordinates on the
comm's screen. You stood anxiously behind him, hovering just behind the chair as Din's hand
hesitated over the communications board.

 

Yet before you could ask, Din was accepting the transmission, and a glitchy blue image of an
older man with a scraggly beard and unkempt hair flickered to life.

 

"Mando, long time no hear." The man greeted, cheerful voice scraping hard with age. "Been a
while since you left us common folk for the guild."

 

Din didn't move as he listened to the recording, shoulders suddenly tense and hand clenched
on his thigh. You cast a glance at him worriedly, already discerning that, whoever this was, he
wasn't exactly a person Din considered an ally.

 



"I hope you've still got openings in that big bad bounty hunter schedule of yours." The
recording went on. "Truth is, I'm in a bit of a pinch. I've got a job lined up but I'm short a
man. I could really use your help with this one."

 

You heard the leather of Din's gloves creak under his grip.

 

"It pays well if it helps. Very well, in fact. I know that's probably not an issue for a hunter like
you, though."

 

You blinked, again glancing at Din's indiscernible expression. It was true you three could use
the money, especially with the way you had all been burning fuel recently traveling around
the Outer Rim. Yet you had no idea who this man was, if his word was even sincere at all.

 

"If I'm being honest-" Your focused whipped back to the flickering image of the man. "I was
hoping you'd do a former partner a favor. For old time's sake, yeah?"

 

You frowned, feeling a small twinge of jealousy at the word partner despite yourself.

 

"If you're interested, come meet me at these coordinates. Got a nice little place running here,
far away from the hyperlanes. Good folk too. Matter of fact, I'll put on some caf while I wait
for you to show up.” The man gave a small little wave in farewell before reaching to end the
transmission.

 

“Ran, over and out."

 

The holo-recording ended with a small crackle, and the blue image of the pot-bellied man
vanished into nothingness, leaving the cabin around you and Din conspicuously silent.

 

Din remained completely still in his chair, staring at the spot where the holorecording had just
been playing. You could feel the tension radiating off of his form, shoulders tight and hand
still clenched on his thigh. He didn't speak, leaving only the sounds of the ship's systems and
your own racing heartbeat to echo in your ears.



 

You swallowed thickly, trying to decipher Din's silence. Was he angry? It almost seemed like
it. Perhaps not the same fury you had seen on him when you and Grogu were in danger, but
instead a low simmering frustration that he tried to prevent from turning into something
worse. Yet there seemed to be a tension, a hesitation that made you wonder if Din was afraid.

 

"Din?" You tried at last, voice seeming too quiet and yet too loud in the otherwise low hum of
the cockpit.

 

Your voice seemed to jar him from his thoughts, for at once Din's helmet turned to glance at
you over his shoulder. Then, his shoulders eased, and he let out a tired sigh.

 

"Ranzar Malk." He spoke at last, and you belatedly realized he was referring to the man in
the recording. "He and I ran together for a few years when I was just starting out. We...didn't
exactly part on friendly terms."

 

You felt your brow furrow automatically at Din's explanation. You had more questions to
Din’s explanation than answers, and you couldn’t help but be curious about the obscure
reference to the details of his career before he met you. Even so, your original hunch had
been right after all. Despite the man's good-natured attitude, he and Din weren't exactly allies.
So then why would someone like that call unexpectedly for a hunter he wasn't necessarily on
good terms with?

 

Something soured in your belly, feeling a general wariness born from years of heeding the
low hum of warning in your bones.

 

"He mentioned a job." You responded, voice still quiet. "Are you...thinking about taking it?"

 

This time Din turned to look at you fully, shifting in the creaky pilot's chair so he could look
at your form standing beside him.

 

"I'm...not sure." He provided after a moment's hesitation.



 

You swallowed, mouth quirking as you considered your options. It was true that you couldn’t
claim to trust this man as far as you could throw him, especially with Din's explanation.
However, the fact remained that Din's cash supply was rapidly dwindling. With the price of
fuel what it was, and with three mouths to feed, plus the supplies you had donated to the
Covert on Coruscant...

 

Din seemed to read your thoughts. "We can find somewhere else to find work." He declared,
even as he himself seemed unconvinced.

 

You nodded absently. It was true. There were other bounty boards on the Outer Rim. Still, for
all you knew Din could pick up a dozen bounties and it may not play as well as this offer. Yet
the timing of it seemed too suspicious, too convenient.

 

Din seemed to be waiting for you to speak, as if weighing his decision on your input.

 

So, against your better judgement, you supplied: "We can always hear their offer and leave if
we don't like it."

 

Din gazed up at you in silence for a moment, and you couldn't tell if his sudden stillness was
in consideration or something else. When his gaze on you didn't waver, you felt yourself shift
somewhat self-consciously.

 

"Are you...alright?" He asked at last, voice softer now, concerned.

 

You felt your expression betray your thoughts for a moment, caught off guard by Din's
sudden query. His question was not about the transmission, not about the job prospect, about
your own input. Instead, it was as if Din could sense the lingering tension in your form, the
words unspoken from your earlier miscommunication, the fear left over from your encounter
with the Imperial officer. For a moment it felt as if Din could see through you.

 

"I-" You started, voice hesitating as you desperately tried to find the words to explain
yourself. Should you tell him? Now? Right before you two entered a den of thieves? Confess



to him the terrible weight on your shoulders and let it burden him too?

 

"I'm fine." You declared at last, sounding not the least bit convincing, even to yourself.

 

Din continued to regard you for several longer moments, and you felt that if he stared for a
moment longer, if he questioned you, that the whole lie would come crumbling down around
you into ruin.

 

Yet, for whatever reason, Din mercifully turned from you and towards the controls of the
ship.

 

"Take the kid and put him in my bunk." Din instructed. "His pram too. Just in case."

 

You nodded, letting your hand fall from the back of Din's chair as you turned.

 

Yet as Din maneuvered the Razorcrest away from the asteroid field and punched in the
coordinates to the outpost, you couldn't help but feel your stomach again twist with an
ominous, prescient warning.

 

-                           -                           -

 

You were busying yourself with your gear as you felt the ship lurch out of hyperspace. The
sudden jolt of the aging ship did nothing to calm your already fraught nerves. Even the
presence of Grogu in front of you, teetering at the edge of Din's cot and eyeing you curiously,
did nothing to calm you.

 

Your fingers fumbled over the clasps to your holster, and not for the first time you suppressed
a quiet curse in front of the kid. You needed to calm down. This wasn't the time nor place to
get distracted. Not with Din seeming to see right through you, not with you having to hide
Grogu away, not in front of a group of mercenaries Din didn't fully trust-

 



"Kriff." You hissed as you accidentally knocked aside the comm you had been repairing
before you and Grogu had nearly been shot on Christophsis. It clattered to the ground at your
feet, and for a brief moment you felt yourself seize with a sudden mix of fear, frustration, and
momentary irritation at what would normally be a momentary inconvenience.

 

You forced yourself to breathe through it,  closing your eyes and letting air settle in your
lungs before releasing it with a deep sigh. Grogu made a small, questioning noise as you bent
to retrieve the project, and soon you found yourself at eye's level with him.

 

"Hey buddy." You sighed, trying to let the tension ease from your shoulders, tucking away
the communicator and trying to gentle your voice. "It's okay. We're going to be just fine."

 

You tried to take heed of your own words, tried to let them bring you as much comfort as was
intended for Grogu. Yet your heartbeat still seemed too loud in your own ears, hands
trembling imperceptibly before the child’s wide, brown stare.

 

Grogu merely tilted his head at you with another coo. You smiled in response, but it felt
almost hollow in comparison to the child's trusting gaze.

 

"I'm going to need you to keep quiet, okay bud?" You murmured, reaching out to stroke one
of his long green ears. "No running off this time. It's too dangerous."

 

Be silent. Stay hidden. Do not speak.

 

You gave a silent shudder at the words, feeling unease again coil low in your belly. Yet Grogu
seemed to understand, his ears drooping solemnly at your instructions.

 

"Hey, don't worry." You tried to reassure him with a small wave, sensing his sudden concern.
"We'll be back in no time. You won't even know we're missing."

 

This seemed to ease the toddler's anxieties somewhat, for he again raised his gaze to you with
a small, babbling gurgle.



 

...and once again, in that faraway voice, you heard your name.

 

You tried not to let the sudden apprehension show on your face, merely summoning a forced
smile as you nodded at him.

 

“That’s right buddy.” You encouraged, trying to stay cheerful despite the strain in your voice.
“That’s me.”

 

You gave him one final, uneasy smile as you stood. As you did, you lifted up a silent prayer
that, somehow, Grogu wouldn’t have to see any of the danger you and Din were entering into.

 

Just as you felt the Razorcrest steady itself and begin to descend, you pressed the panel for
Din's bunk and allowed Grogu to disappear from sight.

 

The ship settled with a dull thunk into what you assumed to be a hangar, hissing as its
systems began to disengage. You turned your back to the panel of Din's bunk and briefly
pressed yourself there, closing your eyes and willing the ripple of unease to still in your
stomach.

 

It was going to be fine. Just fine. Din was an excellent hunter. You had his back, and he had
yours. You both had managed to escape everything so far. What was a rag-tag crew of bounty
hunters to a Mandalorian and his partner?

 

A sigh escaped your lips as Din's tell-tale footsteps sounded upstairs, and you watched as the
Mandalorian descended the ladder beside you one rung at a time.

 

You straightened as he turned, trying to school your expression and body language into
something resembling confidence. Yet it seemed to not convince Din, who did a double take
at your tense form.

 



"...Cuyan?" He murmured, voice quiet inside the motionless ship.

 

"I'm fine." You supplied immediately, wincing internally at how utterly unconvincing you
sounded.

 

Din stepped closer to you after a moment’s hesitation, and you felt your shoulders hike an
inch at his sudden proximity to you. Yet Din remained a steady, calm presence before you,
gazing down through the tint of his visor at your face.

 

"Cuyan." He spoke again, and this time your eyes softened at the way his tongue rolled his
name for you, the tenderness in his voice. The way Din spoke that name, that title for you
sang inside your chest, bringing forth a warmth that seemed to grow hotter each time he
spoke. For a moment you felt that tight, unrelenting anxiety release itself, replaced by the
deep affection you felt for the man before you.

 

If only you could be back on Rishi, you thought to yourself, in that beautiful alcove at sunset
with the white petals of flowers floating on the breeze. That moment, when Din's voice had
spoken to you with a hesitant but resounding amazement, his visor contemplating your form
as your clothes rustled in the breeze...

 

Cautiously, Din's hand reached out, brushing against yours. You grasped it willingly,
smoothing your thumb over the suede of his glove.

 

"I won't let anything happen to you." Din murmured, gaze still fixed on you and echoing his
words from earlier. "You or the kid."

 

You closed your eyes, letting Din's words ground you like the artificial gravity of the outpost.
Silently, you nodded and let your soft exhale fill the space between you.

 

This seemed to satisfy Din, who gently released your hand and turned towards the ramp of
the Razorcrest. You hovered at his side. As the ramp descended, you tried to summon the
cool, calm confidence Din seemed to exude as he shrouded himself into the mask of the
bounty hunter known only as Mando.



 

"Stay by my side." Din murmured as you both descended the ramp. "Let me do the talking."

 

You nodded, schooling your face into your best expressionless mask as you tailed close
behind the Mandalorian hunter.

 

The hangar around the ship was a flurry of activity. Mechanics filtered through like worker
bees, each bent on their designated task but managing to take a curious glance at the two
newcomers. Close by, a flurry of sparks from a welder reflected onto Din's beskar armor. You
tried to ignore it just as Din did, even as the engineers and hangar employees eyed Din with
both fascination and caution.

 

Din managed to hardly notice them, visor scanning the hangar much like a predator searching
for signs of life in a dense underbrush. Carefully, you watched him from the corner of your
eyes. Not for the first time, you were impressed by the ease in which he managed to don the
fearsome, notorious bounty hunter personality. It seemed like a second nature to him, the way
he seemed to grow just a little taller, broader, seemed to draw all eyes in the room to him with
his presence alone.

 

"Mando." A voice called, and Din turned, being careful to keep you just behind him as he
did.

 

Your eyes followed the source of the voice, blinking as the stout, potbellied man from the
transmission approached from nearby. The corner of his mouth pulled into a smirk, partially
obscured by his thick, scraggly, white beard that matched his equally unkempt hair.

 

"That you under that bucket?" The man asked, narrowing his eyes mischievously at the
Mandalorian.

 

"Ran." Din greeted simply, taking the hand that Ranzar Malk extended to him in a firm grip.
The man merely chuckled, jerking Din's hand up and down in an animated greeting.

 



"I didn't really know if I'd ever see you in these parts again." Ran declared, releasing Din's
hand, and shooting Din a lopsided grin. "Good to see you."

 

Yet then his eyes flickered over Din's shoulder, landing on you. Ran's thick eyebrows
vanished into his frizzy gray mane of hair as he took you in. You could see the surprise flash
across his face for a moment before he again let his smile that seemed just a bit too wide grin
at you.

 

"Well, well, well." He chuckled. "Who is this?"

 

Din shifted, allowing Ran to see you head on. You gave the mercenary a polite smile, trying
to mirror Din's cool confidence.

 

"My partner." Din announced, followed by your name.

 

"Well, I'll be!" Ran exclaimed with a surprised bark of laughter. His hands tugged at the front
of his jacket as he eyed you up and down in fascination. "Never pegged you as the type,
Mando. Thought you worked alone nowadays."

 

Yet before Din could respond, Ran stepped towards you with an open palm.

 

"Ranzar Malk, at you service." He announced as you shook his hand.

 

"A pleasure." You returned simply, managing to cast a cursory glance at Din, who remained
unmoved.

 

Razar held your hand for what seemed like a moment too long before dropping it and turning
back to Din. Discreetly, you wiped the clamminess of his hand off on your pants.

 

Ran began to amble further into the hangar with Din at his side. You tailed along behind,
pausing one more time to glance at the ramp of the Razorcrest. Yet when you didn't see a



familiar, small green form attempting to waddle free and explore, you turned and trotted to
catch up.

 

Din had paused to allow you to again hover at his side, a gesture that made Ran chuckle. He
didn't comment on it though, instead offering:

 

"You know, to be honest I'm pretty surprised you showed up here." A comment which made
Din again focus on the mercenary with intense scrutiny. Yet Ran's smile didn't falter, even as
he waggled his eyebrows at the Mandalorian.

 

"You know...because I...hear things." He went on with a drawl. "Like maybe…things aren't
working out in between you and the guild?"

 

Din paused, turning to face Ran. You yourself stopped just short, feeling your skin prickle at
Ran's words.

 

Of course. Of course, he knew. Word travelled fast in the bounty hunter community. How
could he not know? This was a bad idea, you should get back to the ship-

 

"We'll be fine." Din deadpanned, voice low with an unspoken warning.

 

Ran merely regarded him for a moment longer, hands fidgeting as he scrutinized the bounty
hunter. He nodded in thought to himself, eyes narrowed.

 

"Mm. 'Mkay." He mumbled before holding up his hands in what seemed to be a placating
gesture. "You know the policy. No questions."

 

"And you-" Ran reached out, clapping a hand on Din's pauldron. "You're welcome back here
any time."

 



Ran shot you a smile and a wink as he brushed past Din, a gesture that did more to unsettle
than to reassure you. Din cast a sidelong glance at you, as if to comfort you, before following
Ran deeper into the hangar.

 

You three ascended a set of stairs, up and to a walkway that was at eye level with the
Razorcrest's cockpit. Ran led the way, meandering forward and keeping one hand on the
railing.

 

"So, what's the job?" Din asked at last, voice a tad deeper and hoarser than you were used to.

 

"Yeah, one of our associates ran afoul of some competitors and got himself caught." Ran
replied, having to raise his voice over the sounds of the engineers and mechanics below. "So,
I'm puttin' together a crew to spring him."

 

He spared a glance at Din before continuing. "It's a five-person job and I got four. All I need-
" and he paused to turn towards the Mando, gazing over his shoulder. "-Is the ride, and you
brought it." He concluded, nodding towards the Razorcrest.

 

Din spun, following Ran's gaze before wheeling back towards the mercenary.

 

"The Razorcrest wasn't part of the deal." He bit back. Likewise, you felt a momentary panic
at someone else using the Razorcrest. After all, Grogu was still hidden inside. If someone
found him…

 

Yet you remembered Din's warning to you, biting your tongue and clamping down on the
words forming on your lips.

 

Ran gave Din a nonplussed look. "The Razorcrest is the only reason I let you back in here."
He declared pointedly, and with a tone that made Din turn as take a single step closer to him.
Yet Ran remained undaunted, leaning forward as if to examine Din, try to see through his
visor.

 



"What's the look?" He asked, feigning innocence. Then, he stepped up to Din's side, close
enough that you felt the urge to take a step forward, place yourself in between the two of
them. Yet Ran's features eased into a smile, albeit one that didn't reach his eyes.

 

"Is that...gratitude?" He questioned mirthfully, pausing before huffing a wheeze of laughter
and walking past the Mandalorian. Then, to himself: "Yeah, that's what it is. Uh-huh."

 

You shot Din a worried look, but it seemed to bounce off of him much like a blaster bolt.

 

Ran continued to chortle even as you and Din descended the stairs on the opposite side,
wandering towards what appeared to be some sort of workspace. All the while you stuck
close to Din's side, feeling a hyper-awareness of the various gazes of the workers around you.
You wondered how many of them had perhaps seen the bounty board recently, had seen the
grainy image of your face and embedded it in their memories.

 

You didn't speak, didn't voice your concern to Din, but you didn't need to. You could see the
tension in his body language alone. Despite keeping his eyes forward, following Ran, Din let
a single hand briefly graze against the inside of your wrist behind him before returning it to
his side.

 

"Hey Mayfeld." Ran called out towards a pale, bald-headed man bent over a worktable.

 

"Yeah?" The man replied, annoyed, before turning to face the three of you. As he did, you
could see the various blasters holstered to both sides of his chest, his hips, as well as the
automatic firearm strapped on his shoulder. As Ran introduced Din, the man, Mayfeld,
clicked a part back into his blaster, looking unimpressed as Ran detailed Din's previous
exploits.

 

"This is the guy?" He asked as he stepped closer. He made a small face of disappointment
before his eyes flicked over to you.

 

"Yeah, this is him. Met him way back when, when we were all young, tryin' to make a name
for ourselves." Ran drawled on, oblivious to the fact that he no longer held Mayfeld's



attention. "But running with a Mandalorian-" and he turned to Din with a small finger
waggle. "That's what brought us some reputation."

 

Mayfeld nodded absently, eyes still focused on you.

 

"And who's this?" He nodded, and Ran turned with a bit of surprise, as if he had forgotten
you were there.

 

"My partner." Din supplied again, with the smallest tilt of his head towards the gunslinger.
You could feel the way he tensed beside you, as if disconcerted by Mayfeld's keen interest in
you. You couldn’t help but feel similarly, wondering if perhaps Mayfeld too, had seen your
face once before.

 

Mayfeld nodded, eyes narrowing at you for what seemed like a moment too long before
stepping forward and offering his hand.

 

"Migs Mayfeld." He supplied with a grin, and despite the friendly gesture you felt as if
Mayfeld's interest in you was not entirely courteous.

 

Yet you still introduced yourself, giving Mayfeld's hand a single shake before dropping it.

 

"How long you been running with Mando here?" Mayfeld asked, nodding to Din beside you.

 

You caught Din's glance towards you out of the corner of your eye, as if trying to remind you
of his previous warning.

 

So, you shrugged noncommittally. "Half a year, give or take." You supplied, trying to sound
as effortless as you could despite your hypervigilance.

 

Ran let out a low whistle. "That's a while for the likes of him." He declared, nodding towards
the Mandalorian. "He must really like you."



 

You smiled despite yourself, feeling a small rush of satisfaction at the comment. Still, you
simply offered a small nod in return, trying to keep yourself scarce. Din shifted beside you,
and you felt the distance between you shrink almost imperceptibly. You glanced at him,
surprised by the motion, as if he was wordlessly letting the other man know his fixed gaze on
you wasn’t welcome. It didn't go unnoticed by Mayfeld, who raised his eyebrows at Ran
before again focusing on you.

 

 "Well, if you ever want to run with a different crew, sweetheart, we could always use another
pretty face around here." He offered with what you assumed was his best attempt at a
charming smile.

 

You tried and failed to not wrinkle your nose at the offer, feeling put-off by Mayfeld’s sudden
endearment towards you.

 

"I'll pass." You provided bluntly, prompting a bark of laughter from Ran.

 

"Let me know if you want to reconsider." The older man chuckled. "It'll sure beat having to
look at Mayfeld’s ugly mug all the time."

 

The gunslinger whipped his head towards Ran, his charming smile vanishing instantly at the
insult.

 

"Yeah? When was the last time you didn't have to pay a woman to sleep with you, Ran?" He
shot back, which only made Ran laugh harder. Still, the mercenary waved a hand to dispel the
lingering tension as his wheezing laughter tapered off.

 

"You know, I asked Mando one time what he got out of running with our little rag-tag group
back in the day.” He spoke, trying to change the subject. “You know what he said, Mayfeld?"

 

Mayfeld still looked mildly annoyed, and you began to wonder if that was just his natural
expression, but bit at the query nonetheless. "What?"



 

Ran leaned forward, tilting his head towards the gunslinger with a solemn expression that
you guessed was his imitation of Din.

 

"Target practice." He declared seriously, before again letting out a wheeze of laughter.
Mayfeld tossed up his hands with a face, feigning amazement at Din's answer. Din remained
still, but you felt his hand clench at his side, not appreciating being the subject of the other
mercenary’s humor. You gave him a side-long glance out of the corner of your eyes, not
entirely able to hide your own amusement.

 

"Target practice!" Ran wheezed again, leaning over the table in front of him. Glancing at Din,
he nodded appraisingly.

 

"Man, we did some crazy stuff back in the day, huh Mando?"

 

Din shifted beside you, somewhat nervous, before at last supplying: "That was a long time
ago."

 

"Well." Ran shrugged. "I don't go out anymore, you understand?" The he turned towards
Mayfeld, who's expression remained unimpressed and focused on Din. "Which is why
Mayfeld is running point on this one."

 

Mayfeld gave a vague little wave towards you and Din, and you tried not to narrow your eyes
at him.

 

Ran looked between the three of you before continuing. "If he says it, it's like it's coming
from me. You good with that?"

 

Din tilted his head at Mayfeld, as if trying to size him up. All the while Mayfeld gazed back
at him with a small, smug smirk tugging at his lips, likely a little conceited at being able to
give orders to a more experienced hunter.

 



"You tell me." Din replied after a beat, and you tried not to shudder at the veiled warning
there, unspoken but resounding nonetheless.

 

Mayfeld shifted, eyes narrowing and body language suddenly seeming hostile. Yet before he
could speak Ran again let out a wheeze of laughter, wagging a finger in Din's direction.

 

"You haven't changed one bit, you know that?"

 

"Yeah, well-" Mayfeld interjected. "Things have changed around here." and with that, he
gave Din a lingering glance of irritation before turning in the direction of the Razorcrest.

 

You followed him with your eyes as Ran rambled on again, talking about how Mayfeld was a
former Imperial sharpshooter, a fact that made that hyperawareness suddenly seem a little too
loud, too present.

 

"That's not saying much." Din replied bluntly, forcing Mayfeld to wheel towards him,
snarling.

 

"I wasn't a storm-trooper, wise ass!" He snapped loudly, enough to make you flinch. His gaze
flickered to you for a second, managing to take in your startled expression a heartbeat before
you could school your face back into that expressionless mask. His gaze lingered there for a
moment before he turned again, stomping off in the direction of the ship.

 

You, Din and Ran followed. Again, you peered past Din's figure, relieved to see Grogu still
had not wandered from his hiding spot. Din spared you another glance, nodding as if he too,
had the same thought.

 

You found Mayfeld standing at the front of the ship, looking up and wrinkling his nose at the
antique of a spacecraft.

 

"Razorcrest?" He scoffed. "I'm surprised that thing can still fly. Looks like a Canto Bight slot
machine."



 

You didn't know what that was, exactly, but by the way Mayfeld referred to it you couldn't
help but feel a little defensive on Din's behalf. You had repaired that ship, managed to fix the
loose wiring and the fresher and the panels inside-

 

"Alright-" Mayfeld's voice interrupted your thoughts. "That good lookin' fellow there with
the horns, that's Burg."

 

You followed Mayfeld's gesture towards a rather large, red devaronian who, upon seeing
Mayfeld, dropped the crate he was hauling with a low growl. He narrowed his eyes at you
and Din, and as he did your gaze traced over the deep, jagged scars that crisscrossed over his
face.

 

"This may surprise you but he's our muscle." Mayfeld went on as Burg circled closer to you
and Din.

 

Subconsciously you stepped a little closer to Din's side, feeling cowed by the hulking stature
of the devaronian despite yourself. He seemed even bigger than the Trandoshan hunter, his
footsteps making the floor under you shudder. Din made no motion to reassure you, instead
exuding a cool, collected swagger as Burg leaned in close to his visor. Din didn't flinch,
staring up at the other mercenary unrelentingly until the devaronian brushed past the both of
you with a low huff of laughter.

 

"So, this is a Mandalorian." He intoned, voice a deep, rough timbre as he circled around you
and came to stand beside Mayfeld. "I thought they'd be bigger."

 

Your fist clenched at your side, irritated even as Din seemed to let the jab bounce off of him.

 

Mayfeld let out a humorless chuckle before nodding at a nearby droid. "Droid's name is
Zero." He continued as said droid approached and gave Mando a once-over in a robotic, jerky
nod of his head but remained otherwise silent.

 

Yet Din seemed to not notice Zero, instead subtly glancing side to side before offering:



 

"I thought you said you had four."

 

And then, a voice from behind you both supplied silkily: "He does."

 

Both you and Din turned, and as you did a female, purple Twi-lek appeared from behind a
gutted starfighter, twirling a blade in her hand. You blinked, watching as her eyes focused on
the Mandalorian beside you in both recognition and desirable interest. Giving the
Mandalorian a sly, roguish smile, exposing her sharp incisors. Then, with a low, husky purr,
she spoke to the Mandalorian beside you with a glinting gaze:  

 

"Hello Mando."

 

 

 

Chapter End Notes

This is a double update! Check the next chapter for notes!



Chapter 42: Part Forty Two: The Promise
Chapter Summary

"I don't...know what happened with the Imperial." Din began, voice hesitant, as if he
were trying to soothe a wild animal that would flee at any sudden movements. "I don't
know what she said to you, but…" and when Din's gloved hand brushed again yours,
you flinched. "I do believe you when you said you trusted me."

No, You thought to yourself desperately. You couldn't do this. Not here, not now. Not
like this. You couldn’t let him know. The sick, festering knowledge inside of you
seemed to prowl like an awakened animal searching for a way to claw itself free. You
began to shake, eyes wide and terrified at being cornered, at Din’s abrupt but gentle
inquiry of you, trying to work that secret loose from your bones. His request was soft,
concerned, and yet it felt as if you were being held at gunpoint all over again, forced to
reconcile things you didn’t understand.

And Din…Din, was the one holding the trigger.

His voice was hardly a whisper as he spoke:

"Why can't you tell me?"

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

 

 

"Xi'an." Din managed, sounding almost dismayed by the Twi-lek's sudden appearance.

 

You glanced at him, surprised that he recognized the woman. More than that, you instantly
noticed the tension between the two, familiar and yet simultaneously uncomfortable, strained.
It reminded you much of the holo-dramas you would occasionally watch on Kaddack, of two
jilted lovers crossing paths after a tumultuous past fallout. The thought made your stomach
clench unpleasantly, uncomfortable at the prospect of coming face to face with someone who
perhaps once had a romantic interest in Din, and perhaps even vice-versa.

 



Xi'an wandered closer, swaying her hips, and letting her eyes laser-focus on the Mandalorian,
all while continuing to twirl the blade in her hand. You eyed it cautiously, feeling a prickle of
danger at her expert handling of the weapon.

 

"Tell me why-" She hummed seductively as she drew closer. "-I shouldn't cut you down
where you stand?"

 

Then, in a flash, she lunged at Din.

 

You weren't quick enough to drag him out of the way, barely managing to jolt back yourself
at the brazen and open declaration of hostility. You felt yourself bump into a solid figure
behind you, and a shocked glance proved Mayfeld had managed to catch you before you
sprang away any father. Instantly, you twisted away from him. Yet the sharpshooter merely
gave you a crooked, amused smirk before letting his gaze again focus on Din and the woman
who had sprang towards him.

 

How Xi’an had managed to move that fast was beyond you. Yet Din didn't even flinch, hands
remaining open and loose at his sides.

 

"Nice to see you too." He replied at last, voice deadpan even as Xi'an held a knife close to his
throat, separated only by the rough fabric of his cowl.

 

Xi’an’s snarl melted into a smile that was just too wide as a creak of laughter bubbled up her
throat, prompting the others around you to chuckle as well. You almost wanted to give them
all a bewildered look. In what kind of lifestyle was lunging at someone with a blade
considered to be a hilarious gesture?

 

Xi'an didn't even seem to notice you and your discomfort as she sidled up close to Din,
giving him a little pout, practically chest to chest with him.

 

"I missed you." She murmured, and for a moment you would have sworn the heartbreak in
her eyes was genuine. Yet then she tapped on Din's chest plate with the tip of her blade,
admiring her own reflection with a sly smile.



 

"This is shiny." She purred, pressing up closer to Din's helmet. "You wear it well."

 

You felt a wave of irritation rise within you, suddenly feeling protective of Din in the face of
what you assumed to be a potential ex-lover. You resisted the urge to step close to him, wind
his fingers through yours in an open display of territory. Who did this woman think she was?
The fact that she didn’t even notice you, practically throwing herself at your partner made
your hackles rise automatically. Yet just as you were about to clear your throat, try and wrap
a hand around Din’s arm, Mayfeld interjected:

 

"Do we need to leave the room or something?" The sharpshooter supplied behind you,
sounding as uncomfortable as you felt. You glanced at him, noting the awkward, strained
expression across his face.

 

Din didn’t reply, merely stared down at Xi’an through his visor. If you didn’t know better you
would have assumed the gaze was one of genuine interest. Yet your ability to read Din’s body
language alerted you to the fact that Din was very uncomfortable with how close the Twi-Lek
was to him. Even so, he made no motion to step away from her, a fact that made your frown
deepen across your features.

 

"Xi'an has been a little heartbroken since Mando left our group." Ran supplied as Xi'an
continued to hover near Din, far too close for comfort and grinning up into his visor with
sharp teeth.

 

"D'aww., you going to be okay sweetheart?" Mayfeld teased, and suddenly Xi'an's eyes
flashed over towards him.

 

"Oh, I'm all business now." She shot back, twirling her blade away from Din's armor and
stowing it one of many pockets in her outfit. As she stepped away from Mando, however, you
finally seemed to catch the corner of her gaze. Suddenly, you found yourself fixed there, the
object of an interest much too keen and hostile for your own comfort.

 

"And who might you be?" Xi'an murmured, slipping past Din, and drawing closer to you.
Much like the Mandalorian next to you, you tried to stay still where you were, refusing to
budge even as Xi'an peered down at you with a cold, calculating gaze.



 

"His partner." You declared openly, trying to keep your voice as even as possible despite the
quiver in your hands, the goosebumps raised along your arms.

 

"Is that so?" Xi'an hummed, eyes narrowing. She was nearly chest to chest with you now,
deep into your personal space. You didn't allow yourself to so much as blink as her gaze
locked on yours, studying you for something you couldn't see. You didn't waver despite the
low, roiling anxiousness in your stomach, the way her keen gaze seemed to flay you open for
all to see.

 

After what seemed like a millennium, but was really no more than several seconds, Xi'an
grinned. Yet it wasn't friendly by any means, the smile not reaching her eyes and instead
exposing her sharp teeth. The Twi-lek's eyes glinted wickedly, and you couldn't help but feel
as if you were somehow being hunted.

 

"You're a pretty thing, aren't you?" She purred, and you felt your breath catch in your throat
as her fingers deftly trailed up your arm, as if she could feel the raised goosebumps they left
in their wake. "No wonder Mando decides to keep you around."

 

You frowned, not missing the underhanded implication of her words; As if the only reason
Din decided to travel with you were your looks, and not the skills you had to offer. It wasn’t
the first time you had been referred to as Din’s mere bedwarmer, but this time you felt
something snap inside you, furious and unrestrained. Carefully, you shrugged your shoulder
from under her grasp and took a step back.

 

"That and having someone trustworthy around." You replied, unable to stop yourself from
glaring at the Twi-lek. "Someone who won't lunge at him with a vibro-blade for shits and
giggles."

 

Xi'an's expression quickly transformed into that of a venomous fixation on your form, eyes
bright and teeth bared in a snarl. Yet before she could step closer to you once more, Din
extended an arm between you both.

 

"That's enough." Was all he said, voice low in warning. Your eyes shot towards him, shocked
at his reprimand of you. Yet his gaze was focused more on the Twi-lek in front of you than on



you yourself. Xi’an turned to him, visibly irritated at him interrupting her game with you.
“Both of you.”

 

You clenched your jaw, feeling a mixture of embarrassment and guilt at letting the mercenary
get a rise out of you so easily. That, and for ignoring Din’s words from earlier, likely making
things harder for him later on when he had to deal with Xi’an in the tight space of the
Razorcrest.

 

"Mando's right." Ran supplied, stepping up closer to Xi'an. "Break it up until we get on the
ship. Right now, we don't have time."

 

Xi'an, for what she was worth, managed to school her face back into that mask of false
friendliness. Turning, she spared you a lingering glance.

 

"Some advice from a former 'partner', sweetheart?" She tossed over her shoulder flippantly.
"Don't trust a man when you can't see his face."

 

With that, she strode off in the direction of the ship, her high keen of laughter trailing behind
her. You glared at her turned back, suppressing the itch to snap something back at her in
defense of Din. The moment was lost, however, as the rest of the group began to tail after the
Twi-Lek, each wearing some various indication of amusement across their faces at your brief
spat with the other woman.

 

It was only once they were out of earshot that you turned to Din, face finally betraying the
trepidation you felt at your current situation.

 

"We should go." You whispered to him urgently, reaching to graze a hand across his sleeve. "I
don't like this."

 

Din didn't look at you, still watching the group meander towards the ship. For a moment you
thought he didn't hear you, until you heard a small whoosh of air from inside his helmet.

 



"It'll be more trouble to leave now than if we finish the job, and we need the credits." He
responded at last, voice quiet as he murmured to you. "Ran will have every bounty hunter in
the parsec on top of us if we leave right now.”

 

You looked at him in bewilderment, trying to understand exactly how he was so calm about
this whole affair. Yet Din merely turned his helmet towards you, his visor catching the
overhead lights with an ominous glint.

 

“We should stay."

 

"B-but- we'll have bounty hunters on top of us anyways!" You hissed back, grip tightening on
the fabric between your fingers. You didn’t want to stay here a second longer, not with these
people, not with their smiling faces but dangerous gazes. Your original feeling had been right.
This wasn’t a good idea. The best thing to do was to jump to hyperspace and find another
place to lay low, hide just a while longer.

 

"We won't make it out of here without a fight."

 

That made you pause. You looked at Din in shock, not understanding his words for a
moment. Briefly, you wondered if it was simply a bluff. Yet, when Din turned his head to
look at you, you felt a renewed dread pool deep in your stomach.

 

If what Din said was true, if you left now, you doubt it would be on friendly terms. There
would likely be a confrontation, on that would leave you and Din facing off against four
mercenaries at once while also trying to get the Razorcrest safely into hyperspace and defend
a child wanted by Imperials. The odds weren't exactly favorable. Plus, with the limited fuel
supply you had left, it might only be a matter of delaying the inevitable if Ran had other
hunters track you three down.

 

You were stuck.

 

"Cuyan."

 



You looked up at Din, seeing your own worried gaze reflected in his visor stare back at you.
Din reached a hand across himself, let it settle over the one planted on his arm.

 

"Trust me." Was all he supplied, voice quiet and pleading despite the simplicity of his words.

 

You felt your chest ache, gaze softening in both affection and dismay at the words from the
man beside you. It was true, your current circumstances were not ideal. Surrounded on all
sides by bad options, and even less trustworthy people, it felt as if there were no way out. Yet
you and Din had been through worse, had managed to conquer far more than this together.
There were many reasons for that, but one stood above the rest: trust.

 

You both trusted each other, more than anyone else ever had, and that had managed to carry
you farther than anything else so far.

 

So, you closed your eyes and took a deep breath to steady yourself, let it settle in your lungs
and ground you alongside Din’s gloved hand atop yours. You repeated the mantra you had
told Grogu earlier to yourself.

 

It was going to be fine.

 

You opened your eyes, looking up into the darkness of Din’s visor and giving him a small,
tight nod.

 

"Okay." You replied, voice sounding both terribly afraid and undeniably brave despite your
fear. Then, after a hard swallow: "I trust you Din."

 

"Can we get this show on the road?" Mayfeld called out from across the hangar irritably,
making both your gazes shoot towards him. Instantly, Din dropped his hand from yours,
awkwardly shuffling to put some distance between you two. The bashful gesture would have
made you smile if it weren't for the disquieting apprehension bubbling in your gut.

 



You two joined the rest of the group just as Mayfeld was pulling up a hologram of a different
starship, the others watching with mild interest. Off to your left, you felt Xi’an’s eyes focused
more on you than on the specs in front of her. You ignored her gaze, but did take notice of the
way she continued to idly spin her blade in her hand as she listened to Mayfeld.

 

"So." The sharpshooter started, words clipped. "The package is being moved aboard a
fortified transport ship."

 

You gazed down at the specs, furrowing your brow when you didn't recognize the ship. It
seemed like some type of freighter, but the design was too complex, too modified to be just a
simple bounty hunter transport. It almost seemed…

 

"Now, we got a limited window to board, find our friend, and get him out of there before they
make their jump." Mayfeld continued, making sure to glance at the group around him.

 

Beside you, Din tensed visibly, coming to the same realization as you.

 

"That's a New Republic prison ship." He snapped, gaze shooting up towards Mayfeld and
then whipping towards Ran. "Your friend wasn't taken by a rival syndicate. He was arrested."

 

The New Republic, you realized. You were about to steal a prisoner from a New Republic
ship, no doubt landing you another target on both your backs to join the ones left there by the
Imperials and the Guild. Doing so meant crossing off the one place you three might be able to
be safe, unable to escape to the one place where at least the Imperials might not be able to
reach you.

 

You couldn't stop yourself from casting a worried glance at Din, noting how even he seemed
disturbed by this added information.

 

"So what?" Mayfeld shot back, and the group around him now peered curiously at you and
Din, as if suddenly unimpressed by Din's abrupt hesitation.

 



"A job is a job." Ran drawled, narrowing his eyes at the Mandalorian.

 

Din remained unconvinced. "That's a max security transport." He replied, voice low. "I'm not
looking for that kind of heat."

 

"Neither are we." Mayfeld snapped. "So don't screw up, yeah?"

 

"Besides-" Xi'an quipped from the other side of the table. "The ship is manned mostly by
droids." Her eyes narrowed on the Mandalorian beside you. "Still hate the machines,
Mando?"

 

Yet before Din could reply, before you could further protest, a robotic voice interrupted the
conference from the Razorcrest's ramp.

 

"Despite recent modifications, the ship is still a mess." Zero announced as he walked over to
the group, and you just barely kept yourself from protesting at his judgement of your repairs
to the aging spacecraft. "The power lines have been damaged, the navigation is intermittent,
and the hyperdrive is only operating at 87.3 percent efficiency."

 

"I thought I fixed the power lines." You murmured to Din beside you, who only shook his
head in frustration at having to deal with the droid more so than your possibly inadequate
repairs.

 

"We have much better ships." Zero continued. "Why are we using this one?"

 

"Because the Razorcrest is off the New Republic and the Imperial grid." Ran declared with a
small, smug smile. "It's a ghost."

 

"Yeah, and we need a ship that can get close enough to jam New Republic code." Mayfeld
tacked on, then made a slightly miffed expression at the crew around him. "Can I continue?"

 



Not waiting for a response, he dove back into the plan before him. "So, we drop out of
hyperspace here, bank in this kind of attitude, and that-" He pointed at the red flashing dot
atop the transport ship. "Should put us right in their blind spot."

 

Din shook his head, crossing his arms as he gazed down at the holo-gram.

 

"It's not possible." He announced. "Not even for the Razorcrest."

 

"Well, maybe not for you." Ran admitted with a shrug, followed by a mischievous smile.
"Which is why Zero here is flying."

 

Din's gaze snapped towards the droid, as did yours. The group seemed to find both your
shocked reactions hilarious, for immediately Mayfeld and the others were cackling at Din's
obvious discomfort with letting a droid fly his ship.

 

“Listen Mando, I know you’re a good pilot.” Ran admitted, and internally you scoffed. Just a
good pilot? “But we’ll need you on the trigger for this one, not the wheel.”

 

Nope. You hated this. Forget your previous agreement with Din. Right now, you wanted
nothing more than to bolt for the ramp, tugging Din along with you even if it meant having to
dodge turret blasts on your way out of the station. Yet Din didn't move, didn't give any
indication of trying to leave besides his obvious dismay at the whole affair with a hoarse sigh.

 

"Do not worry, Mandalorian." Zero interjected, voice crackling. "My response time is quicker
than organics, and I'm smarter too." And to emphasize, the droid tapped on his metal
processor with a small metal clank.

 

For a moment Din looked as if he were going to step up to the droid and rip the unit's head
clean off, but Ran managed to wave away Zero before he could. The droid made his way
back towards the ramp, followed loosely by the rest of the crew.

 

"Forgive the programming." Ran offered. "He's a little rough around the edges."



 

"How can you trust it?" Din shot back, and you were surprised by the sudden hostility in his
voice, momentarily forgetting exactly how much Din hated droids.

 

Ran only grinned.

 

"You know me, Mando." He declared grandly. "I don't trust anybody."

 

You shifted uncomfortably next to your partner, trying, and failing to hide your anxiety with
the whole affair. Din seemed to notice, for he too shifted his weight before fixing Ran in his
sights.

 

"I'm not sure about this." He confessed, keeping his voice quiet so the others couldn't hear.
"Asking for a favor is one thing, but this isn't what I signed up for."

 

You felt yourself ease, even just a bit. The fact that Din had listened to you after all, was
trying to find an amicable way out of this arrangement, made some of the tension release
itself from your tightly coiled muscles.

 

"Aw, c'mon Mando, don't be like that." Ran protested, reaching out to clap a hand against
Din's shoulder. "We're friends, remember? Thought I could count on you for this one."

 

Din didn't reply, merely standing still and briefly sliding his gaze to regard Ran's gloved hand
on his pauldron.

 

Ran seemed to sense Din remained unconvinced, for you saw him bite his lip in thought for a
second before gesturing Din a little closer.

 

"Tell you what." He offered, voice quieter. "For old time's sake I'll throw in a premium for us
using the Razorcrest. Hell, I'll even top off your fuel for you. Sound good?"

 



Din hesitated, considering the offer. Yet before he could respond, his cast his gaze over his
shoulder at you, as if to weigh his decision based on your input.

 

You paused, trying to contemplate your response. It was true that what Ran was offering was
certainly better than you could ever hope for out of this deal. The fuel and credits would be
able to last you quite a while. Plus, there was a lot you could do with the money he was
offering. Beyond that, the reality that you and Din might not be able to find as well-paying
work outside of this was an all-too present reality.

 

Yet the issue of exactly how trustworthy this group was remained. You didn't like the idea of
having to watch both your front and back in a firefight, especially when it came to dealing
with the New Republic. Between the four other members of the crew, you couldn't place a
single one of them you'd be willing to spend a minute alone in a room with, much less an
entire mission aboard a cramped ship.

 

You understood now, this constant dilemma Din had to face as a bounty hunter. No wonder
he had worked alone.

 

Still, steeling yourself, you gave Din a tight nod in affirmation.

 

"Fine." Din conceded at last as he turned back to Ran, then after a pause. "For old time's
sake."

 

Ran grinned at the both of you, seeming pleased. Then he gestured for the both of you to
follow the crew towards the ship. It wasn't until you passed, however, that he spoke again.

 

"Not you, sweetheart."

 

You stopped mid-step, turning to face the ex-mercenary with a bewildered look. Yet Ran
merely regarded you coolly.

 

"We only need five for this one. You'd best stay behind."



 

"What?" You snapped, taken aback. "I'm not-"

 

"He's right."

 

Now you wheeled on your own partner, unable to contain the pure shock and betrayal across
your face at just how easily Din had agreed with the man. You almost hissed his name at him,
frustrated and disappointed at his sudden objection and almost forgetting the sanctity of his
culture. Din seemed uncomfortable at being the object of your ire but didn't budge despite
your glaring at him.

 

"You should stay." He reaffirmed, voice somewhat strained.

 

"No." You instantly replied, trying not to notice the way your voice suddenly shook, the
desperation there. "I-"

 

Yet before you could protest any further Din was striding back towards you, grabbing your
arm and hauling you away from Ran. He was unrelenting even as you yelped a complaint and
struggled against him, shocked by his sudden change in attitude.

 

It wasn't until you were both out of earshot that you yanked your arm from Din's grasp,
breathless and furious at Din's abrupt manhandling of you, and agitated at his sudden refusal
to let you join the mission.

 

"Din." You hissed. "You can't be serious!"

 

Din sighed, the sound more disappointed than irritated. He turned to face you, tilting his
helmet to observe your tense, tightly wound form.

 

"Cuyan-" He started, but you instantly cut him off.

 



"No." You interrupted, voice trembling. "You don't get to call me that right now."

 

Din flinched, and you would have stopped short if it weren’t for the anger, the fury boiling
inside of you. As if a spark to a powder keg, Din’s words allowed all of the fear, the fury and
anxiety to explode from you all at once.

 

Your fists clenched at your sides, hands shaking in a combination of horrible dread at the
whole affair, your previous anxieties multiplied, and resentment at Din for preventing you
from staying by his side.

 

"I'm your partner, Din." You seethed, feeling your chest clench tight, muscles coiled. Your
voice seemed to increase in volume with each word until you were almost sure Ran and the
others could likely hear you. "What kind of person would I be if I let you go by yourself?
With those people? With the kid on the ship? Have you lost your mind?"

 

"That's exactly why I can't let you go." Din snapped back, abandoning all pretense now of
trying to placate you. Your mouth drew into a tight line at him, brow furrowed in frustration
even as you let him say his piece. "Do you really think I'm going to let you go on a job with
them? You've only been hunting with me for a few weeks, Cuyan. You aren't ready."

 

It took a moment for Din’s words to sink in. You blinked as you processed them, expression
falling and betraying your sudden shock. Yet then you took a step back, feeling as if you had
just been wounded by Din's confession alone.

 

You weren’t ready.

 

He wasn't wrong, and it was the admission of that fact that made his words sting so badly. It
was true, your experience so far had been up against stormtroopers and local gangs. Even
then, on those occasions, you had been lucky. Lucky that Din had been able to be right there,
that you had allies nearby, that you hadn't been shot, maimed, worse. Despite your progress,
you mere nowhere near the same level as these other mercenaries, much less Din himself.

 

You still had the scars from the encounter with the Clawdite hunter, from the attack on
Hypori, from you barely escaping with your life at the end of a blaster barrel held by the



Imperial Officer. Based on Din’s previous words, he likely blamed himself for all of them.
Now, as he tried to avoid the same thing from happening all over again, from you getting
hurt, you tried to fight him over it, hissing and spitting over him trying to keep his word, of
trying to keep you safe.

 

Din's words hurt so much because they were true, and the knowledge of that made you want
to sink down into the depths of yourself, away from the place where Din could see you.

 

The hurt, the guilt must have shown clearly across your face because Din jolted slightly upon
seeing your expression. Automatically, he reached out a hand, as if to comfort you. Yet when
you stepped back, away from him, it merely hovered in the space between you for several,
long moments before eventually dropping back to his side.

 

The silence between you two wore on long and hard, growing heavier with each passing
moment.

 

"I...said I would keep you safe." Din offered at last, voice sounding almost regretful. His
form was taut now, closed off from you as his helmet dipped towards the floor, avoiding your
gaze. "But this job, it's not safe. Even if you weren't…distracted, I'm not sure I could keep
you from getting hurt."

 

"Distracted." You echoed nervously, suddenly feeling a new wave of alarm wash through you
now. The reminder that Din had questioned you earlier, that you had given such an
unconvincing response, now seemed to blot out any objection you had about the mission
before you.

 

Despite your best efforts, your voice trembled as you tried to question Din. "What do you
mean?"

 

The blank, expressionless T of Din's visor stared back at you as he lifted his head, as if he
already could see right through your facade of false pretense. The idea that, despite
everything, despite your best efforts, that Din somehow knew what you were hiding made it
feel as if the outpost’s gravity had suddenly been turned off, and that you were now caught
unbalanced and with nothing to cling onto. Even so, you tried to remain steady, tried to
pretend you couldn't feel how Din's gaze seemed to pierce right through you.



 

This time, Din spoke your name as he stepped closer to you, forgoing his usual title for you.
You couldn't help but shudder as he shortened the distance between you, suddenly torn
violently between wanting to bolt away from his soft approach as quickly as possible and
wanting to surrender yourself into his arms, let his embrace reassure you once more.

 

"I don't...know what happened with the Imperial." Din began, voice hesitant, as if he were
trying to soothe a wild animal that would flee at any sudden movements. "I don't know what
she said to you, but…" and when Din's gloved hand brushed again yours, you flinched. "I do
believe you when you said you trusted me."

 

No, You thought to yourself desperately. You couldn't do this. Not here, not now. Not like
this. You couldn’t let him know. The sick, festering knowledge inside of you seemed to prowl
like an awakened animal searching for a way to claw itself free. You began to shake, eyes
wide and terrified at being cornered, at Din’s abrupt but gentle inquiry of you, trying to work
that secret loose from your bones. His request was soft, concerned, and yet it felt as if you
were being held at gunpoint all over again, forced to reconcile things you didn’t understand.

 

And Din…Din, was the one holding the trigger.

 

His voice was hardly a whisper as he spoke:

 

"Why can't you tell me?"

 

It took every ounce of strength in your bones to not shatter at the question.

 

You couldn't breathe, could hardly speak. You could see your own horrified expression
reflected in Din's visor, eyes bright with fear. Your hands shook in Din's grasp, body
trembling like a sapling in a gale at Din's quiet, honest question of you.

 

How? How were you supposed to tell him? Right now? Like this? Here, in the middle of
foreign space, surrounded by threats from all sides, before he once again thrust himself into



danger? Confess to him the gruesome, dreadful truth of what the Imperial officer had spoken
to you?

 

“You…really don’t know…do you?”

 

The truth of it all threatened to break you from the inside out. Like a dam cracking under the
weight of a flood, you felt the words inside you threaten to come rushing forth, confessing all
your secrets to the man you trusted, as horrible as they might be. You wanted to tell him,
needed to tell him, couldn’t bear to hold this secret on your own, fearing that it would come
to consume you if left untouched.

 

"I-" You spoke, voice cracking. "Din, I-I can't."

 

Din didn't speak, didn't move, hardly seemed to breathe at your words. His gaze remained
fixed on you, and the sudden, horrible, and selfish want to see his face bubbled up your throat
in a threatening sob. Suddenly, it felt as if your voice alone had wrought some gruesome,
irreconcilable distance between the two of you, even as your fingertips brushed against his in
a desperate search for reassurance.

 

Yet...

 

That figure, the same hazy and enigmatic reflection of yourself that had spoken to you on
Coruscant now seemed to wrap you in her embrace, whisper to you the strength you needed
to speak your next words.

 

"Not yet." You added at last, voice shaking as you forced the words free of your chest.
Trembling, you echoed yourself once more. "Not yet."

 

You scrunched your eyes shut, tried to stop your whole frame from trembling, shuddering at
the effort it took to say just those two words.

 



You knew. You knew that, despite everything, there would come a time to admit to Din the
horrible truth, the awful confession that you yourself tried to deny so valiantly. You couldn’t
do this alone. If you did, you were sure you would shatter, that fate would find a way to
reveal to Din your secret before you could tell him yourself. If that moment did come, you
knew the distance between you and Din might grow so far as to never be repaired.

 

But…not right now. To send Din into this mission with the sick knowledge you kept so close
to you would be tantamount to inflicting a raw, painful wound that you could offer no salve
to.

 

Despite the shaking in your hands, despite the tremble in your fingertips, the quiver in your
voice, you forced yourself to smile at your partner, at your Mandalorian through the crushing
anxiety, the fear of it all.

 

"I will." You promised, voice softer now. "I will, Din. Just not now. Not yet."

 

This seemed to relieve Din, for after a heartbeat you saw the way his shoulders eased, felt the
way his hand came to clasp around your trembling palm. For a brief, fleeting moment you
wanted nothing more than to wrap your arms around him, the unbearable weight of it all too
much, too painful, too raw for you to bear.

 

"Alright." Din conceded at last, voice quiet and yet oddly gentle despite the circumstances.
"If that's what you want, but-"

 

Din's other hand came to reach up towards your other arm, gingerly smoothing his thumb
across the place where he had grabbed you moments ago. His voice was soothing, trying his
best to reassure you upon seeing the way he had frightened you, had wrought such fear across
your gaze with his query. "You have to promise me to sit this one out. Just this one time. If
anything happened to you I..."

 

He didn't finish, but he didn't need to. You knew the fear that lay there, knew his desperation
at losing you again was just as great as the burden of your own fears.

 



You didn’t want to leave him, didn’t want to be left behind by him. The thought of him
leaving with Grogu, even for such a brief period of time, rendered a phantom stab of pain
inside your chest. It felt too much like the years of being alone, of having only yourself and
your shadow to keep you company. Yet you knew he was right. This was not somewhere you
could follow him. Not now, not with the way you were, and not with these people.

 

So instead, you took a breath, twisting you hand so you could wind your fingers through his.

 

"Okay." You agreed at last, surrendering with a soft, breathy concession. “I'll stay."

 

Din let out a relieved sigh, the sound obscured by his helmet but loud enough to fill the
distance between you, less now that you two had found space to meet in the middle.

 

"Okay." He agreed in turn, sounding still somewhat nervous, but at least temporarily satisfied
by your promise.

 

He gave you both a few more moments to settle, nerves frayed between the two of you but
repaired by the simple, fleeting knowledge of being here, together.

 

Then, Din straightened, nodded to himself, before at last releasing you. You felt a twinge of
disappointment at him not taking the opportunity to embrace you, to bend his helmet towards
your forehead in his gentle way of kissing you even with the helmet on. Yet you knew this
wasn’t exactly the place for such affections, not with the possibility of someone seeing you.

 

Din turned slightly, waiting for you to move to follow him back towards the Razorcrest and
its unwelcome visitors.

 

Yet then he paused, tilting his head at you in consideration. You blinked back at him,
confused for a moment, before he spoke:

 

"Play along."



 

You barely managed a 'Huh?' before Din again was dragging you back towards Ran and the
others, his grip looser but still firm on your other arm. You had a moment of confusion before
beginning to catch on to the idea, feigning a protest as loudly as you could to your partner.

 

"Hey, Mando! L-let go!"

 

As the group came into view, you pretended to struggle with renewed force, attempting to dig
in your heels as Din dragged you forward. The crew had wandered out of the Razorcrest once
more, likely confused by the delay your discussion with Din had resulted in. Mayfeld and the
others turned as Din hauled you over, looking both amused and surprised at Din handling you
like a misbehaving tooka-cat.

 

You tried to jerk your arm from Din's grasp, shooting him a dirty look as you neared the
others. Yet Din didn't let you go just yet, instead dragging you closer towards him so his
helmet bent towards your ear. Then, in a voice loud enough for the others to hear, he seethed
at you with barely contained irritation.

 

"You are going to stay here until I get back, and if you aren't here at the hangar by the time I
get back, I will tear this station apart to find you."

 

You blinked, momentarily lapsing in this charade between the two of you. It took you a
moment to realize that, although directed towards you, Din's warning was instead meant for
Ran and the rest of the crew. Din, in his own way, was letting you know that come hell or
high water, he would find you if you weren't here when he returned. He wouldn’t give up
until you were by his side once more.

 

You didn't doubt him for a moment.

 

Still, you did tear your arm from his grip, sneering at him and stalking back towards the
nearby worktable, where you pretended to ignore him, avoiding his gaze.

 



You could hear Mayfeld’s and Xi'an's small 'oooohh' of entertainment at the spat unfolding in
front of them. If they managed to see through Din's threat, they didn't show it, instead amused
by seeing Mando so visibly bothered by your behavior and apparent refusal to listen to him.
No doubt this was novel to them, and their sadistic glee at Mando’s outburst showed clearly
across their faces.

 

"Trouble in paradise, Mando?" Mayfeld quipped, unable to hide his delighted grin.

 

"It's nothing." Din shot back instantly, and Mayfeld held up his hands in a dramatic gesture of
compliance.

 

"Geez, okay, fine." He replied before turning towards the ship once more. "Let's get this over
with, yeah?"

 

The others followed his lead, shooting Din various looks of bemusement and glee at his
discomfort.

 

"Don't worry Mando." Ran supplied as the others began to filter into the Razorcrest. "I'm sure
we can find something to keep your friend here occupied until you get back."

 

Then, turning to you, he smiled. "You any good with starships, kid?"

 

You gauged Ran from the corner of your gaze, still trying to maintain an air of aloofness
about you.

 

"If keeping that rust-bucket in the air is any proof, then yeah, I'd say so." You replied snidely
after a moment, nodding to the Razorcrest.

 

That prompted a bark of laughter from Ran, who's broad hand clapped you across your back
so hard you nearly stumbled.

 



"Ha! Rust bucket!" He wheezed. "I like your friend here, Mando. She'll get along with
everyone here just fine."

 

Din didn't respond, merely shaking his head and turning to follow the others. Still, you heard
him mumble something about a ‘rust-bucket’ under his breath as he went. You had to contain
a snark at that, at Din taking actual offense to your pretended jab towards his ship.

 

"C'mon then, let's put you to work." Ran announced, brushing past you and walking off
further into the station. You followed him after a moment, letting him lead the way to some
unknown destination.

 

Yet...

 

You paused for a moment, footsteps stopping. Your hands clenched at your sides as you
turned to cast one, final glance towards the Razorcrest. There, Din stood atop the ramp,
gazing back at you as if the same thought had crossed his mind.

 

Your gazes locked for a moment in a final, silent goodbye, voiceless and yet somehow
profound.

 

"I'll see you soon." You thought to yourself, hoping that somehow, despite the distance, Din
could hear you, could sense the promise you made to both yourself and him.

 

"Coming?"

 

You turned and nodded at Ran with a polite smile, trotting to catch up.

 

When you glanced back again, Din was gone.

 

 



 

Chapter End Notes

Ha! Nobody expects a double update!

I must have manifested this somehow because even though I didn't plan on doing a
double update, I wanted to do one. Guess I used the force somehow, because I wrote
over 13,000 words this week getting this update all drafted and edited. Isn't that nuts??
Not sure if this is a glitch in my writer's block or what, but fingers crossed this means I'll
be writing more often.

Thank you for all the wonderful, kind, and encouraging messages everyone had left me
during my absence! I'll admit, there's far, far too many for me to answer every single
one, but I still cherish each and every comment, kudos, bookmark, everything you folks
leave me. Isn't it crazy to think this fic has passed 3000 kudos?? I'll admit when I started
I thought maybe this fic would fizzle out. Now we're in the second to last arc, with the
rest of the story plotted, and I'm blown away by how far we've come. It's thanks to every
wonderful piece of feedback I get that we are where we are.

 

I'm even already thinking of sequels, but that's getting ahead of myself

 

Thank you all so much, and hopefully I'll update again soon!



Chapter 43: Part Forty Three: Shatter
Chapter Summary

"Din." You breathed into the device, trying, and failing to contain the quiver in your
voice. "I don’t have time to explain. Din, it's a trap. They're going to try and kill you.
You need to find a way to leave them and get back here, it's too dangerous. Ran-" You
swallowed, trying to catch your breath despite the rush of words that poured past your
lips. "Ran set you up. He's going to steal the Razorcrest, and if you- if you don't come
back he's going to try and turn me in, to send me-"

If you hadn’t been so frantic, hadn’t been so entirely consumed by the task in front of
you, perhaps you would have noticed the soft footfalls that entered the storage unit.
Maybe you would have been able to stop yourself, play off your desperate attempt to
warn your partner. Yet you didn’t notice the presence of the person who came to rest
beside you, not until their voice cut through your thoughts like a deadly vibroblade.

"What do you think you're doing?"

Chapter Notes

HUGE TW for: Claustrophobia, Nyctophobia (fear of the dark), Panic attacks, and
references to child endangerment (brief)

Please read at your own discretion

See the end of the chapter for more notes

 

 

Much like the complicated, twisted innards of the starship above you, your stomach seemed
to roil and churn with every second that Din did not return to the outpost with both the
Razorcrest and Grogu.

 

You couldn't remember the last time you had been away from the both of them at once. Din
had gone on hunts or gone to investigate alone, certainly, but even on Coruscant where you
had been separated from him at length, you still had Grogu with you. Despite the mere hours



that had passed since their departure, you found yourself longing for the intimate quiet
aboard the Razorcrest, with Grogu snoozing peacefully in your arms and Din’s quiet voice
providing small bits of conversation in the otherwise cozy silence of the cockpit. Now, absent
of them both, you felt a hole open up inside of you, empty and longing for their comforting
presences. That emptiness seemed to swallow whatever reassurances you told yourself, that
they would be back soon, that Grogu would stay hidden, that Din would be uninjured...

 

Yet that persistent awareness that had clung to you ever since you landed at the outpost
continued to shroud you like a second skin, a spider's thread that you couldn't rid from your
flesh no matter how hard you tried.

 

You attempted to busy your hands in the meantime, in hopes it would quell your rapidly
churning thoughts. Fortunately, there was a familiarity, and ease to the work of a mechanic
that managed to comfort you. The thought and patience that it took to re-route wires, to weld
pipes, to replace circuits allowed you at least some distraction from the situation at hand. You
supposed you should thank Ran for suggesting it, though you found yourself somewhat short
of gratitude when it came to the ex-mercenary.

 

Sweat beaded your brow as you lay on your back, goggles on and the undercarriage of a
gunship lofted above you. It was small, light, and as you worked on replacing one of the
many carbon-scored pipes inside of the panel above you, you couldn't help but wonder what
it would be like to fly such a ship.

 

Din had mentioned to you before how it might be beneficial for you to know at least basic
piloting skills but had yet to follow through on his offer to instruct you.

 

...If he made it back.

 

You frowned, brow furrowing again at the reminder that Din and Grogu were somewhere far
away from you, unable to be reached, unable to give you some type of indication whether
they were safe.

 

Sighing, you wiggled an arm to wipe the sweat from your forehead and briefly pushed your
goggles up into your hairline.

 



"You doing okay down there?" A voice came from beyond the undercarriage of the fighter,
partially muffled by your current position underneath.

 

"Yeah, I'm fine." You called back to the voice's owner, a young mechanic by the name of
Dash, though you doubted that was his real name.

 

Ran had all but dumped you on him earlier, telling you to do whatever he told you with a
vague little wave before vanishing deeper into the hangar. Fortunately, Dash seemed to be
pretty easy going, with a naturally relaxed smile and bright, curious eyes. His honest
demeanor was a nice break from the rest of the people you had come across in the outpost so
far, all of whom had regarded you with detached, cautious gazes. Out of everyone, it felt like
Dash was the only sincere person you had met so far.

 

"You don't sound fine. Want me to take a look at something?" Dash questioned, and you let
your gloved hands drop to your stomach with another sigh.

 

"I'm fine." You insisted, though your voice didn’t contain your usual stubbornness.
"Just...distracted."

 

There was silence for a few moments, though you didn't hear the sound of Dash's footsteps
moving away. He seemed to consider your words before nudging your boot sticking out from
under the fighter.

 

"Well, you've been under there too long at any rate, probably should take a break. I can take
over for a few."

 

You considered it, mouth pulling to the side in thought before at last awkwardly scooting
yourself from under the ship. You weren't going to say no to the offer, not when the underside
of the fighter was uncomfortably warm and humid from your own body heat. Besides, maybe
you could take the opportunity to ask Ran how the mission was progressing.

 

Blinking against the sudden contrast in brightness of the hangar, you rolled out from under
the ship and gratefully allowed Dash to pull you to a stand. The mechanic gave you a friendly
smile and a gentle pat on your shoulder, nodding off farther into the hangar.



 

"While you're taking five, would you mind grabbing me an accelerator conductor from the
third storage unit on the left? Should be unlocked."

 

You nodded, eyes following Dash's hand pointing out a corridor off deeper into the hangar. It
seemed as good a place as any to take a breather, try and collect yourself and your thoughts
before asking Ran about the mission status.

 

"Thanks, friend!" Dash called as he vanished under the fighter, his lanky legs awkwardly
sticking out from where the rest of him vanished from sight. You couldn't help a little huff of
amusement at the scene before turning in the direction of the storage units.

 

You could barely hear your own footfalls past the constant sounds of industry in the hangar,
with a dozen different mechanics and engineers working on various components or projects
around you. You side-stepped a shower of sparks from a welder, who barely even seemed to
notice your presence as you walked by. You shrugged, supposing it was better to be ignored
than to be given the less than friendly stares you had been receiving thus far.

 

It was only when you reached the storage corridor that things began to quiet, and the constant
thrum of the hangar began to dim behind you. Alone now, you murmured aloud to yourself
Dash's previous instructions:

 

"Let's see...third unit down...on the left...ah!"

 

The door was already ajar, and as you peered inside you couldn't see past the ceiling-high
shelves stacked with various parts and bits that seemed to resemble more of a Jawa’s junk
heap than a storage supply. It seemed that only half the shelves were labeled on top of it all,
making the simple errand of finding a part into a whole task that would likely consume most
of your 'break'.

 

Yet just as you were about to let out a groan of disappointment, you blinked upon hearing the
sound of hushed voices whispering further into the storage closet, as if trying not to be heard.

 



You almost brushed it off until you heard whispered the tell-tale sound of "Mando."

 

That made you freeze mid-step, shoulders tensing and muscles coiling automatically at the
mention of what could be your Mandalorian.

 

Why were they talking about a Mandalorian at all, if not for the one who had just visited the
outpost? Beyond that, why so discreet? Why in such a hidden venue, away from the eyes and
ears of the other mechanics?

 

You didn't know, but you sure as dank ferrick were going to find out.

 

So, silently, carefully, you began to creep closer. Keeping your body hunched and hidden,
treading silently on the durasteel floors, you drew closer towards the two voices hidden
behind a stack of crates, intent on learning the true nature of their discussion.

 

The two speaking didn't seem to notice your form, obscured by the bins of various supplies.
Instead, they continued to speak in low, hushed voices, unaware of the keen ears that now
overheard their conversation.

 

"Are you sure?" One of them asked, his voice quiet.

 

"Positive." A second voice supplied, deeper than the first and rougher with age. "Don't trust
me? Go look at the holo yourself."

 

"No, I trust you. I just don't understand why Ran hasn't done anything yet. If it really is true,
then he should have already started making moves by now, right?"

 

From where you were crouched, your brow furrowed. Ran? A holo? What was this about?
What did it have to do with Din?

 



"He's probably waiting for the crew to make it back." The second voice provided. "Just to be
safe. You know Ran, he doesn't really take chances."

 

"Can't blame him. I only got a glimpse of the guy, but I have a feeling he might be able to
take on all four of them and come out of it."

 

They...weren't talking about Din, were they?

 

"They call them the strongest warriors in the galaxy for a reason, not that there's many left."

 

They...they had to be talking about Din. Yet it didn't make sense. What was this about him
taking on the other four? Why was Ran waiting to be sure?

 

The horrid, dreaded realization of it all began to pool in your stomach as your thoughts
processed what you were hearing.

 

Din. They had lured him into a trap. The other four, Mayfeld and the others, they were going
to attack him, maybe even try to kill him, and Din had walked straight into their ambush.

 

Alone.

 

You raised a hand to your mouth silently, afraid that your shuddering inhale would alert the
other two to your presence. This was the plan from the start, you realized belatedly. The plan
was to lure Din out here, to where bad blood ran freely between him and his previous
partners, to hammer the nail into the coffin and get revenge for whatever devastation he had
previously wrought.

 

It was a trap, and you had let him walk into it alone.

 

"So, then what?" The first voice asked, drawing your attention back to the conversation at
hand. "Mayfeld and the others do their job for once, they bring back the ship with no Mando,



how you think his 'partner' is going to react? I doubt she'll believe he sacrificed himself or
any other bullshit excuse."

 

"Hey, keep your karking mouth down, you want the whole station to hear you?"

 

"Sorry, but you have to be thinking the same thing as me, right?"

 

You could hardly hear them now, the drum of your own heartbeat in your ears seemingly loud
enough to betray your position and expose you.

 

Din...

 

He didn’t have any idea what he was walking into. No doubt Mayfeld, Ran and the others
knew, had coordinated from the start to catch him by surprise. For all Din knew, this was just
an unfortunate job he had to complete for your and Grogu’s sake, to earn enough credits to
keep you three on the run and out of reach from both the Guild and the Imperials.

 

He didn’t know.

 

You had to warn him, had to let him know. Even if it might be too late, you had to at least try.
Maybe you could sneak off to the communications table? Or send an encrypted message
while Ran had his back turned? Either way you had to get Din out of there, had to get him
back here, had to get the hell out of here as soon as possible before it was too late.

 

Yet a newfound terror began to open up inside you at the renewed anxiety that maybe Din
wouldn't make it back. He might be a Mandalorian, and a fearsome hunter at that, but he was
up against not only four other mercenaries, but New Republic security droids as well. Maybe,
somehow Ran's plan succeeded, and the Razorcrest would arrive back without its pilot. What
then? If Din wasn't there, would they try and take Razorcrest out from under you?

 

And Grogu- oh stars, Grogu, hidden away in Din's bunk and probably not knowing what may
have become of Din, suddenly amongst vengeful bounty hunters who might not hesitate to



hurt a child, to turn him over to the Imps...

 

You thought you had heard enough, readying yourself to quietly creep from your hiding spot
unnoticed so you could make a mad dash for the comms table in hopes that maybe, somehow,
you could get a message to Din before it all went to hell, could-

 

"Don't worry about her. Ran's got someone watching her. The second Ran gets the all-clear
from Mayfeld and the others she gets dropped where she stands."

 

You froze, breath stilling and heart stuttering inside your chest at the realization they were
now talking about you.

 

"Kriff, he's not going to kill her is he? Pretty sure the bounty said she's wanted alive."

 

The bounty.

 

Your bounty.

 

You couldn't move, couldn't breathe, couldn't so much as think now. The terror that you had
felt before at the pending ambush on Din was nothing compared to the endless void that now
vacuumed all your senses into void-like nothingness.

 

Oh stars...

 

They were going to ambush Din, trap him or even worse, kill him. Take him somewhere far
beyond you, where you would never see him again for the rest of your days. That thought
alone threatened to buckle you from the inside out, but as if it wasn't enough it meant that
Grogu would be alone, defenseless with the same mercenaries that took away Din...

 

And you...



 

The familiar terror of being handed over to the Imperials, accused of something you weren’t,
couldn’t be, now prowled against the back of your thoughts like a hidden predator. Not to
mention being handed over alive-

 

The significance was not lost on you. To die from the Empire was one thing, but to be kept
alive for a reason that only they knew, to be tortured and then cast aside, discarded after
you’ve lived your purpose…

 

You were so foolish. To let you and Din come here, to walk into this obvious snare like
waltzing with death itself. If only you had paid attention to your instincts, had steered far
away from here to start with, then maybe this wouldn't have happened. Maybe Din wouldn't
already be trapped, injured, beaten, worse. Maybe Grogu wouldn't be in danger. Maybe you
wouldn't again be facing down the barrel of an Imperial's blaster, hoping that against all odds
you would find a way out of this, that your luck finally hadn't run out.

 

"No." The voice off to the side of you brought your thoughts tumbling to a halt, senses once
again focusing in on the two you were hidden from. "Ran said she's needed alive."

 

Your heart beat a wild staccato in your chest as you again tried to understand exactly what
that meant. Why alive? Didn't Imperials execute Jedi on sight? Why in the world would the
Imps go through so much trouble to keep you alive? The possibilities of what that could
mean felt like a black hole looming on the horizon, inescapable and catastrophic.

 

You didn't have time to ponder the thought, not now. Your first priority was getting out of
here and finding a way to send an urgent warning to Din, maybe even find a way off the
station so you could rendezvous with him elsewhere.

 

Cautiously, you began to back away from the shelf where you had been crouching, careful to
not so much as breathe in case it alerted the two to your presence. Fortunately, they continued
to speak in hushed voices, unaware of your eavesdropping. Yet with every inch, every
heartbeat you prayed that you didn't somehow make a noise, that they didn't somehow sense
the eyes and ears tracking their conversation.

 



It was only once you were out of the storage unit that you managed to let your breath release
from your chest in a loud sigh of relief. You gave yourself all of a moment before quickly
walking away, out of the corridor and in the direction of the communications console you had
seen earlier near where the Razorcrest was docked.

 

It took every ounce of effort to not sprint towards it, keeping your gait easy and casual
despite your blood rushing in your ears, your heartbeat beating a frantic rhythm against your
ribcage. Yet your footfalls still seemed too quick, too heavy and purposeful to be disguised as
anything other than panic. You forced yourself to slow, to breathe easily, hard as it was. The
last thing you needed was to alert the other mechanics around you to your intentions, to any
sign that you had caught on to Ran's plan. You had only one chance at this, and you could not
afford to waste it.

 

Unfortunately for you, as you rounded the corner, you found that the communications table
was already occupied by none other than Ran himself. Though he had his back turned
towards you, you still couldn't help but suck in a sharp inhale and duck out of sight. Pressing
yourself flat against a nearby wall, you felt your face instantly fall into despair at your one
and only chance of contacting Din being snatched out from under you.

 

You could feel panic, cold and oppressive, begin to wash over you now, ensnaring your
senses into pure, unadulterated fear, incapable of thinking to think, to reason-

 

Gods, this was all your fault. If only you had been more careful, had told Din to steer clear of
this job, had kept a way to contact him on your person-

 

You blinked.

 

The comm device.

 

The one you had been working on just before the Imperial officer had forced her way onto
the Razorcrest.

 

The one in your pocket, shoved there as you were frantically packing your gear just before
landing at the outpost.



 

You patted your pocket, and sure enough, found the small shape of a handheld comm tucked
there against your hip.

 

You breathed, closing your eyes, and letting your head thunk on the wall behind you gently,
sending up a prayer of thanks to the stars above. Of all the things to randomly grab and stuff
in your pockets, it was the one thing you so desperately needed. If the Force did exist, then
truly it had decided to favor you in this moment, giving you the opportunity to save not only
yourself, but your tiny family as well.

 

"Thank the Force." You whispered to yourself, giving a small half-smile at the irony of it all.

 

Walking quickly away from the comms table now, you searched for a spot where you could
do the final repairs needed to fix the device, alone and secluded in a location where you could
contact Din without being overheard.

 

Decisively, you backtracked towards the storage closets, taking the first open door you could
find and shuffling your way as far back as possible so as to not be seen or heard behind the
crates and bins of various parts and supplies. Ducking down, you quickly retrieved the comm
device from your pocket, along with the soldering iron lent to you earlier by one of the
stations mechanics.

 

You tried to control your breathing as you worked, reminding yourself that you had done this
task a thousand times before, that you knew the repair even with your eyes closed. Yet it did
nothing to still the shaking in your hands, the tremble in your fingertips as you soldered the
remaining wires into place, gave the device the jumpstart it needed to flicker on with a small
green flicker of light.

 

Again, you sent a small thanks to the heavens above before trying to synchronize the device
with the pre-loaded communications ID-tag tied to the Razorcrest’s comms array. You
couldn't go as far as to contact Din directly without him having a comm as well, so you'd
have to hope and pray that somehow you managed to get through before everything went to
hell on the mission.

 



"Din." You breathed into the device, trying, and failing to contain the quiver in your voice. "I
don’t have time to explain. Din, it's a trap. They're going to try and kill you. You need to find
a way to leave them and get back here, it's too dangerous. Ran-" You swallowed, trying to
catch your breath despite the rush of words that poured past your lips. "Ran set you up. He's
going to steal the Razorcrest, and if you- if you don't come back he's going to try and turn me
in, to send me-"

 

If you hadn’t been so frantic, hadn’t been so entirely consumed by the task in front of you,
perhaps you would have noticed the soft footfalls that entered the storage unit. Maybe you
would have been able to stop yourself, play off your desperate attempt to warn your partner.
Yet you didn’t notice the presence of the person who came to rest beside you, not until their
voice cut through your thoughts like a deadly vibroblade.

 

"What are you doing?"

 

The remainder of your words cut off into nothingness, the air around you now abruptly still,
frozen by the sudden interruption. Eyes wide and unseeing, gazing down at the floor, you
began to process the voice that spoke to you, that had just heard-

 

Heart dropping down past your stomach, eyes impossibly wide, you slowly lifted your head
upwards towards the person who had just spoken, who had just heard you confess to Din the
entirety of Ran’s plan to ambush him, to take you captive. You could feel the blood in your
veins turn icy cold, washing you in a frigid, all-consuming shock as your gaze came to rest
on the person who had peered over the storage container you had tucked yourself behind.

 

Dash.

 

Yet not the Dash from earlier. Not the friendly, easygoing, genuine mechanic who had made
you smile with his lanky and awkward physique. No, the young man who stared down at you
now had his eyes trained on you like a mykal staring down on its prey. His entire form was
taut, rigid, but his eyes...

 

There was a fixated, almost demented intent there that made you shudder.

 



"You...weren't trying to contact the Mandalorian just now…were you?" He questioned, voice
deceptively innocent despite the almost crazed, unblinking stare he gazed down at you with.

 

Your voice wouldn't sound from your chest, every inch of your form frozen in fear at being
discovered. You didn't blink as you met Dash's eyes, unable to so much as breathe as your
thoughts rapidly tried to think of something, anything-

 

Except then Dash disappeared, darting from where he stood over you. The motion caught you
by surprise, expecting him more to lunge at you than to flee away from you. Yet that
moment's hesitation was all Dash needed as you heard him race for the storage unit door, and
you realized too late what his plan was.

 

"Dash, no-!" You yelled after him, launching forward as you tried to chase him towards the
exit. Yet it was too late, because the second you had him back in your sights again, Dash was
closing the door behind him, sending the storage closet into void-like darkness.

 

"NO!!”  You screamed, colliding with the door just as it shut, and banging your fists against
the steel surface. Your hand fumbled for the handle, but you couldn't find it before the tell-
tale clunk of the manual lock engaged, leaving you trapped and alone inside.

 

"Dash, NO!!" You shrieked, your voice bouncing off the metal door and into the darkness
around you. "Please! Let me go, Dash please!!"

 

Yet it was silence on the other side of the door, and even as you desperately tried to twist the
handle and yanked on the door you were met with no reply. It wasn't until a shattered,
wrecked sob of despair bubbled up your throat that Dash finally spoke from the other side.

 

"All you had to do was sit and be quiet."

 

You paused, breath coming in a series of ragged exhales that threatened to overwhelm you.
Yet you managed to swallow them down, tried to plead with him again-

 



"Dash, please!" You begged. "Let me out, we can find a way to-"

 

"-Work this out?" Dash finished for you, voice unflinchingly cold and detached. You jerked
away from the door for a brief moment, startled by the sudden change in the man you thought
was so friendly and sincere only minutes ago. "I don't think so, friend."

 

You couldn't speak, chest tight and too hot, tears threatening the corners of your eyes as a sob
formed in your throat. This couldn’t be happening, not right now, not when you were so
close-

 

"Look what you've done now." Dash continued. "You almost cost us this whole operation.
How did you even find out? Since when did you have a comm device?" You could hear him
sigh, the sound bitter and disappointed.

 

"Oh well. I'm sure it doesn't matter anyways since Ran blocked all outgoing transmissions."

 

The realization of what Dash had just said didn't process at first, so overwhelmed were your
thoughts of trying to escape, trying to find a way out, to contact Din, to-

 

"Wh-what did you just say?" You asked, voice cracking hoarsely, blinking in the darkness.

 

Dash let a bark of laughter from the other side of the door.

 

"You don't think he'd give you a way to contact the Mandalorian, would he? Didn't he tell you
he doesn't trust anyone? He blocked all transmissions the second they left. Your message
probably never reached him."

 

No. No, that couldn't be true. If...if that was true, then the message you had just sent to Din,
the one where you had begged him to come back, to find a way to come get you-

 

"You are never going to see him again."



 

Dash's voice was quiet, yet the words he spoke were sinister, sincere in their threat. That
same honest voice he had regarded you with earlier now spoke a truth that you couldn't
refute, a fact that now defined you in the dark emptiness where Din could not find you.

 

You stared unblinkingly in the darkness, trying to understand, still trying to find a way
beyond this, back to Din’s side where you belonged. Yet the reality of your circumstances
now made itself real to you. Din had walked into a trap, had left Grogu undefended on the
ship, had no way of knowing the ambush that awaited him; and you, you couldn’t warn him,
couldn’t reach him to recue him or provide aid. Instead, you were here, trapped with no way
out, surrounded by enemies who would hand you over to your darkest enemy without a
moment’s hesitation.

 

You had dreaded this nightmare for so long, and now in your waking reality, it began to
consume you.

 

Terror now began to manifest inside you, starting in your chest and creeping outward with icy
tendrils, intent on destroying every remaining ounce of hope that you so desperately clung to.
Even as you tried to refuse the idea, even as you tried with increasing panic to reassure
yourself otherwise, you couldn't deny Dash' words.

 

Your silence must have been the only response Dash needed, for you felt the door shift as he
pushed himself off of it, his muffled footsteps beginning to fade beyond your reach as he
tossed one lingering taunt over his shoulder:

 

"Just sit tight until Mayfeld and the others get back, okay? Be a good girl until then."

 

Then he was gone, leaving you alone in the pitch blackness of the storage room with nothing
but the indomitable terror that now threatened to eat you alive.

 

Din...Din was...

 



The darkness around you seemed to blot out every sound, ever sensation, every sense that
managed to filter past the horror that now roared inside you, screaming in a voice you didn't
recognize as your own. Hands trembling, limbs shaking, heartbeat racing, your legs crumpled
under you as strength faded from your limbs. You collapsed to your knees, hands still
flattened against the cool surface of the door that would not yield despite the futile pounding
of your fists.

 

"Dash!" You gasped, feeling panicked tears overflow from your eyes now, voice cracking in
your throat. "Dash, please!"

 

Yet the mechanic was far beyond your voice now, unable to hear your frantic cries as you
pleaded, begged to be released, to prevent your worst nightmare. To never see Din or Grogu
again, to be handed over to the Imperials for some unknown fate, to have no control over
your own pre-determined destiny, it...

 

It was all you could do not to shatter into a million fragments, as delicate and glittering as the
stars themselves.

 

"No-" You gasped again, trying somehow to contain yourself, to reason your way out of this.
Yet that part of you that could consider anything beyond the soul-gripping terror had faded
into oblivion, swallowed by the void of rising dread and despair that surrounded you just as
deeply as the pitch blackness encompassing you from all sides.

 

A ragged sob tore from your throat, and your fists curled against the door in anguish. You
couldn't reach Din, couldn't warn him, couldn't hold him and Grogu one last time...

 

The memory of his lingering glance, of your eyes meeting across the hangar in a silent
farewell, a promise to see each other soon now felt like an unbearable tragedy, a broken
promise.

 

"Din!" You cried, voice rising as you looked up in the darkness, tears spilling freely down
your cheeks and a wrecked sob escaping you. Silently, you begged the stars for one last
chance, one last opportunity to tell him how much he meant to you, to hold his hand, to have
him bend his helmet down to your forehead, to tell him how much you loved him.

 



Again, you banged your fist against the metal door, hard enough to feel a bruise form at the
impact. You did it once more, feeling something wet and warm blossom against your skin.
Yet the pain that came with was nothing compared to the ache, the grief inside you of losing
everything, of being stripped of all you had come to cherish so deeply.

 

This couldn't be the end. It couldn't. To leave Din like this, to have him leave you, to be
separated by space and time despite all the things you had survived together, all the trials and
tribulations you had conquered, it was too much. You couldn't stand it. Just when you had
finally found a family, found someplace to belong, it was now being stolen from you, and
there was nothing you could do to stop it.

 

"You will never see him again."

 

You sobbed, the sound broken and devastated. It floated up beyond the ceiling, somewhere
out into space along with your prayer that somehow you would find a way out of this, that
you could still…still see him just one last time.

 

Yet the heavens didn’t answer you, and the silent void of space offered no respite from the
tragedy, the horror of your own fate.

 

All at once, the fear, the despair, the anger and anguish of it all began to roil inside you,
simmering low like a dormant volcano. Yet with each passing moment that horrifying
scorching sensation began to climb higher and higher in your chest, burning hot and painful
with your grief. You tried to let it escape as a cry, but it remained stuck inside your ribcage,
straining against your heart and engulfing you in a sudden, unrelenting blaze of heat.

 

You screamed, hearing your voice echo in the darkness in a never-ending reverberation as if
shaking the foundation of the outpost itself. Yet that horrible, twisted realization that Din
might be dead, that Grogu had been taken, that you would be taken where they would never
find you only continued to build inside you, ceaseless and inescapable.

 

The pressure of it seemed to weigh against your bones, pull taut against your flesh and spasm
your muscles. You bent your head against it all, screaming now in the pain, the weight, the
unbearable force of your emotions swelling up against you.

 



It was too much, it felt as if you would split at the seams and much like a shooting star, would
combust into a final, dazzling spark before dying out.

 

The flames, the scorching horrible inferno from your nightmares now seemed to fuse with
reality, and now you could hear the screams, the blaster fire, smell the smoke from the
ancient tapestries consumed by the untamable blaze that burnt the temple from the inside out.
You could hear the cry of your own name, feel the splintering of glass before gravity took
you as you fell into nothingness-

 

And, distantly, you felt that same reflection of yourself from Coruscant, from your dreams,
from your nightmares reach out to you, washing over you with grace and serenity, offering
you a respite from the fear, the anger, the despair. Gently, she reached out, laying your palms
flat against the door before you, breathing a new strength into your bones. In a wordless
whisper, she seemed to speak to you in a voice you didn't understand, summoning that secret,
hidden part of you that you had kept secret since that fateful day.

 

And then, all at once, you felt something inside you shatter.

 

With a scream, you pressed your hands against the door before you, felt that enigmatic
gravity extend past your fingertips, flow into the metal and begin to bend it to your will. The
metal began to creak and groan under the pressure, resistance failing as your hands, as
something within you managed to inflict an unseen force upon it, crumple it inch by inch.
The hinges and lock whined, trying and failing to keep the door upright as the power within
you surged with every passing moment, building into an unstoppable cataclysm. You could
feel it roar to life, awakened from its long slumber and fueled by the despair, the desperation,
the need and intrinsic instinct to survive.

 

The door under your touch gave way with a final, ear-piercing creak, exploding and flying
away from your hands with a rush of wind, a sudden surrender that shook the ground under
you like an implosion of the outpost itself. Instantly, light streamed into the pitch-black
storage closet, forcing you to open your eyes and blink against the brightness. For a moment,
the world around you seemed to shake, felt as if it would rip apart from the force you had just
inflicted. Yet as your eyes adjusted it began to still, and the strange, feather light sensation in
your hands lifted up and away, leaving you breathless and braced against the floor in an effort
to regain yourself.

 



The world around you spun, suddenly dizzying and too bright, too overwhelming. Shaking,
you managed to lift yourself up despite gasping desperately for air, despite the tremor in your
shoulders as you threw your head back and forced yourself to breathe.

 

Inhales coming in uneven, ragged gasps of air you blinked, allowing your vision to adjust to
the sudden brightness beyond the pitch-black storage closet. You looked forward, to where
the door was. Yet you found it thrown more than a hundred feet in front of you, twisted and
mangled, destroyed as it lay against a now dented panel, far across the now eerily quiet
hangar.

 

You stared after the door, open mouthed and eyes wide, trying to understand exactly how it
had been sent flying such a great distance after you had merely put your hands against it,
leaned against it-

 

You felt a dozen pairs of eyes on you.

 

Blinking, you turned to look at the collection of mechanics, engineers, and deckhands that
now had their gazes locked on you, transfixed by what they had just witnessed. Terror,
confusion, anger, fear, all seemed to mirror your own emotions, staring back at you in a
mixture of awe and horror.

 

Your legs shook under you as you swayed to a stand, holding onto one of your now sore
arms, whiplashed by the terrifying ability you had just displayed. You took a single step
outside of the storage unit, staggering as your limbs trembled, your head pounded, and your
thoughts ceaselessly whispered in words familiar yet indecipherable.

 

"You..."

 

Turning, your eyes caught the form of Dash, having fallen backwards and away from you yet
still staring with a wide, horrified gaze at your figure.

 

"You- you're one of them." He choked out, voice cracking. "A- a Jedi!"

 



You flinched, nearly taking a step backwards at the forbidden title, the same curse that
Imperial officer had laid against your skin.

 

A Jedi.

 

A warrior, a member of a desecrated order, one that had been hunted to extinction, accused of
crimes they didn't commit. To be a Jedi was to be gifted powers from the stars themselves, to
use the enigmatic and forbidden power known only as the Force.

 

You looked at your trembling hands, fingers spread, and palms open as if they could provide
a clue, answers to the thousand plaguing questions that now rose within you. Yet the question
of how you had managed to escape, how you had rendered the door irreparably damaged,
how you had sent it flying across the hangar with nothing but your touch alone, that could
only be answered by one thing:

 

The Force.

 

A furious yell shook you from your reverie, forcing you back to the present with a dozen eyes
on you, and now a stout figure barreling towards your form, yelling obscenities about the
sudden explosion you had caused.

 

Ran.

 

"Stay back!" You screamed, instinctively grabbing your blaster from your holster, and
pointing it at the man. Ran slowly came to a halt a distance away from you, holding up his
hands placatingly as you leveled the weapon at him.

 

"Easy now." He spoke, keeping his voice even under that false pretense of friendliness even
now. "Put the blaster down, sweetheart."

 

You swallowed, feeling the remnant of your sobs choke your throat. The blaster shook in
your grip, but you managed to keep it level, point it directly at Ran's chest.



 

Motion caught your attention as Dash suddenly scrambled to a stand, withdrawing his own
blaster. Your aim swerved towards him, now torn between two targets as you desperately
tried to keep your eyes on both.

 

“D-don’t move!” You yelled again, voice wavering.

 

"Sh-she's one of them!!" Dash yelled, voice cutting off yours and echoing up against the
domed hangar ceiling. "She's one of those traitors!"

 

Ran side-eyed the young mechanic off to his side, giving him a mere second's glance before
letting his eyes return to you. You could see the thoughts process behind his gaze as he began
to understand the situation. It took him a moment, but then you saw a flash of realization in
his eyes, as if he suddenly understood what precisely had transpired, could see the truth you
so desperately tried to conceal. Yet of all the questions he could have asked next, questioning
you on your origins, your survival, your abilities, he instead asked the one thing you so
desperately feared:

 

"Does the Mandalorian know?"

 

You stiffened, thumb shaking against the safety of your blaster, chest heaving. You didn't
answer, too terrified to so much as move, but the fear in your eyes must have been all that
Ran required as an answer, for his eyes glinted in recognition.

 

Din- he didn’t know. How could he when you had been so uncertain of it until just moments
ago? You had promised to tell him, had given him your oath that you would confide in him
the bitter truth once he got back, once you two were reunited.

 

Ran took a single step forward, shifting as if he were about to speak. Yet before he could, you
finally found your voice, settling your feet further apart into a proper stance and trying your
best to stare the ex-mercenary down past the end of your blaster.

 



"You- you planned this from the start." Your voice still trembled, but the more you spoke the
surer you became, words low and dangerous with righteous anger. "To kill Mando, to take the
Razorcrest, to turn me in- and for what?"

 

Ran wasn't smiling anymore, instead returning your furious words with a cold, hard gaze. As
he spoke, you suppressed a shiver at the frigid, calculating rumble of his words, unflinching
in their honesty.

 

"For revenge." He answered simply, voice low and unyielding. “Mando screwed us over, left
one of our own to die and then left the rest of us to deal with the consequences. He deserves
what’s coming to him.”

 

You forced yourself to breathe past your fury, to not argue over Din’s honor and get
distracted. It wouldn’t serve you, not right now with your life on the line. Instead, you
shifted, adjusting the grip on your blaster as you again directed your voice at Ran.

 

“And me?”

 

"You were just an afterthought.” Ran offered coolly, nonchalantly. “I was hoping Mando
would come alone. Lucky for you, you had a bounty, otherwise I would have dropped you
were you stood once the Razorcrest lifted off."

 

A shuddering inhale caught within your chest, terrified at the possibility of being killed, of
dying beyond Din’s reach without him even knowing. Yet the sights on your blaster didn't
waver, still aimed perfectly at the center of Ran's body.

 

"That may have been the best outcome for you, if you think about it."

 

You blinked, distracted for a moment by Ran's words.

 

"W-what do you mean?" You questioned, trying not to be swayed by his sudden interjection.
Yet the idea that somehow, you were better off without Din, were better off dying made no



sense-

 

You swore you saw the ghost of a smile play against the corner of Ran's mouth, as if smug
that he had caught your attention.

 

"To be caught by the Empire is probably worse than dying." He supplied, voice lilting now in
that false friendliness that seemed vicious despite his tone. "-but that's probably not as bad as
staying with Mando if he finds out."

 

The tremble in your hands stopped, every inch of you frozen as you tried to process what Ran
was suggesting. You stared at him, eyes bright in confusion and dread as a sadistic smile
crept across Ran's lips, realizing he now had you right where he wanted you.

 

"After all..." He went on, voice almost gleeful with the devastation his next words would
bring.

 

"Mandalorians hunt Jedi."

 

 

 

 

Chapter End Notes

:'-)

Listen I'm real sorry to hurt you all like this, but I did say that this arc would be pretty
painful. I promise it gets better eventually

Shoutout to Hoppers-Fox on Tumblr, who has drawn some AMAZING fanart of their
Cuyan and Din. Please go support them! They are such a blessing and have such a great
art style!



As a reminder, if you ever make anything inspired by The Stowaway, please tag me on
tumblr at Sprout-Fics or comment! I would love to see it!

See you soon!



Chapter 44: Part Forty Four: Leap
Chapter Summary

"H-he wouldn't." You tried, but your voice was again cut off by the ex-mercenary.

"You sure about that?" Ran asked, voice ringing out across the space between you.
"After all, you're his enemy."

"No-" You tried again, but your voice didn't hold the conviction you thought it did.
Instead, it was a desperate plea, a forced defense that you yourself didn't entirely believe
in.

Yet Ran's eyes seemed to stare into you, flaying you open for a dozen stares to see,
rendering your entreaties useless against him.

Then, recognition flashed across his features, and his voice dipped low, making your
entire form shudder at his next words.

"He doesn't know, does he?"

You froze, the shake in your arms and legs turning into an icy paralysis and rendering
your entire form taut, petrified.

No- He couldn’t-

"Shall we tell him?"

The trigger under your finger felt warm to the touch.

Chapter Notes

TW for:

Fire-related injury and death

Depictions of violence

(Unnamed) Character death

Threats of violence

Explosions

See the end of the chapter for more notes



 

 

 

 

Din's hands were still shaking, skin still itching and muscles heavy from the fight he had just
endured aboard the New Republic transport ship. He could feel freshly formed bruises
beginning to form along his flesh, trailing in an inconsistent pattern across his ribs and arms,
left there by his opponents. Adrenaline still coursed through his veins, thick and heady,
narrowing the entire world down to the tunnel vision that only seemed to show the flickering
blue light of hyperspace before him.

 

It had been an ambush. He had been so stupid-

 

He should have noticed the moment he boarded the New Republic transport- no, the second
he had turned away from you in the outpost hangar, your concerned expression haunting him
even now. Your form had stood alone in the middle of the bustling hangar, posture betraying
your anxiety. You had tried to tell him, had tried to warn him, but he had only tried to
convince you in turn.

 

He should have turned then, should have gone back to you, taken you away from there. He
should have held you away from the eyes that watched you both, immersed himself in the
simple comfort that was you.

 

Yet he didn't. Instead, he had gone forwards with the intent of proving himself, of providing
the credits and resources needed to keep you all safe, oblivious to the fact that danger stood
in his shadow. After all, he had sworn to keep you and the child hidden, protected from the
reach of bounty hunters and Imperials alike. To do so meant to face danger, to throw himself
into the thick of conflict if it meant protecting you both, to see you smile without the fear of
whatever cruel fate awaited you.

 

Yet now…

 



It hadn't been enough that Mayfeld and the others had tried to take his helmet, to show his
face,
to renounce his creed by force and make him Dar ‘Manda. No, as if that wasn’t enough,
they had threatened the kid as well, and had spoken of taking him away from Din as if
denying him some type of simple pleasure and not the right
he had to safeguard the child.

 

He should have killed them then, dumped their bodies into space, should have aborted the
mission and returned to you, creed be damned.

 

Yet he had walked into the attack blindly, distracted by the mere thought of your lonely figure
standing alone in the hangar, and of the child hidden aboard the ship.

 

Din could still remember the fear, the rage
when he had been knocked inside the holding cell,
had been left behind by the others with only the knowledge that Grogu, that you
were both in
terrible danger. If Ran had ordered Mayfeld and the others to do this much to him, he didn't
want to imagine
the fate that awaited you back at the outpost.

 

You could already be gone.

 

The following minutes after his escape from the cell had been a blur, obscured by a lethal
combination of instinct and barely restrained fury at Ran and the others for trying their best to
kill him, to take you both away from him. Hunter’s instinct, bred deep into his bones by his
training, had taken hold and blotted out any thought other than whatever violence was needed
to ensure he was again able to hold you safe in his arms once more.

 

Din had barely contained himself from killing the others, operating on nothing less than his
Mandalorian training and experience as a mercenary, driven by the need and desire to see
you, to make sure you and the kid were safe. Yet his patience had worn thin by the time he
had dealt with both Burg and Xi'an, and his focus had narrowed down to the fearful, paranoid
figure of the former Imperial sharpshooter, vainly trying to find him in the strobing light of
the corridor.

 

Mayfeld's eyes had betrayed his true terror when Din had attacked him from behind, held his
vibro-blade to his throat and demanded to know what Ran had planned for you. Din had felt
the sharpshooter’s throat bob against the blade, eyes wild and lips parted in a stifled plea. His
gaze had flickered in the light, the same flash that cast itself ruefully across Din's visor,
promising nothing except utter violence if Mayfeld failed to comply.



 

Mayfeld had only confirmed what Din had feared: Ran had planned this from the start, had
seen the opportunity to lure Din in and not only exact his revenge, but steal two precious
bounties away from him. With Din captured it would be easy to overwhelm you and to take
the child.

 

It wasn't until Din had pressed a razor-thin line of red into Mayfeld's throat that the
sharpshooter had told him about the all-clear signal Ran was waiting on from the Razorcrest
,
letting him know Din had been dealt with and allowing him the opportunity to catch you by
surprise.

 

Mayfeld's vision had gone dark after that, courtesy of a blow to the head from Din. By now
he was likely awakening to the inside of the same cell he had tried to trap Din in, along with
Xi'an and Burg. Quinn sat below in the Razorcrest’s hold, restrained and quiet, staring at the
fallen chassis of the droid that had aimed its blaster at the child.

 

The kid sat with Din in the cockpit, whining low soft sounds of concern, as if noticing his
caretaker's anxiety. Yet he refrained from his usual antics, as if sensing the urgency with
which Din forced the Razorcrest
to hurtle through hyperspace. With each passing heartbeat
Din could only hope that he wasn't too late, that you hadn't already been ambushed yourself,
subdued and taken somewhere far away from him.

 

It was the horror of Coruscant all over again, the idea that you would be stolen far away from
him, delivered into the hands of the enemy, that Din might never see you again.

 

Yet this time- this time it was his
fault.

 

He hadn't listened, hadn't heeded your anxiety, had forced you to stay behind as if that would
somehow protect
you.

 

The guilt gnawing inside his stomach was repressed only by the merge of anger and fear that
fed the adrenaline in his veins.

 



He had promised you he would keep you safe, and had been so afraid you would leave when
he had failed. Now, in the face of yet another failure, Din felt a part of him threaten to crack
open, spilling out his worst fears and anxieties like blood seeping into soil.

 

He had given you his word...

 

Now he had broken that oath, had tarnished that creed not once, but twice. This time his
failure seemed to open a void under his feet, swallowing down any hope that you would be
safe, unharmed, that he would somehow still be worthy
of you.

 

Yet beyond that, somewhere hidden inside, lay the fear that Din would never get to hear that
secret you were holding so close to you, the same one that seemed to terrify you and draw
your gaze somewhere far away, somewhere Din could not see.

 

Din had seen you scared before, had seen the way terror flashed across your eyes when he
had originally found you on the Razorcrest, when you had bent over him after he had been hit
by the pulse rifle on Rishi, hair falling into your face and eyes stricken. He had seen you
terrified before, and each instance, each memory brought forth a stab of phantom pain in his
stomach.

 

Yet the fear, the horror he had seen in your eyes after being confronted by the Imperial
officer, when he had asked you about the things you were holding from him-

 

Din never wanted to see you make that face ever again.

 

The fact that whatever you were holding on to was so deeply disturbing that it shook you
of
all people to your very core made Din himself shift in a deep-seated anxiety. You, who had
survived everything life had thrown at you, had faced down Mandalorians, mercenaries, and
bounty hunters alike, you... a survivor...

 

Now the possibility that he would never know, that he would never understand or be able to
comfort you, to hold you once again, brought forth such a fear and fury inside Din that he had
never experienced in his life.



 

You could already be gone.

 

Din could still feel the last moment you had spent beside him, when he had steadied you
despite the shake, the tremble in your bones after he had asked after what you had been
concealing. He could still remember that, despite your usual steadfastness, for a moment Din
feared you would crumple into him, would let everything pour past your lips like an
inescapable tide of truth.

 

Yet at the last moment you had rallied, had again held yourself together and offered him of all
things a smile
, to reassure his own anxieties despite yours mounting within you.

 

Now, it took everything in Din not to rip his helmet off in front of the child, to run a hand
over his face and sigh loudly into his palm with something that felt dangerously close to
panic.

 

Cuyan.

 

All too soon, and yet not soon enough the Razorcrest’s
system beeped a warning at the
Mandalorian, warning him of the imminent exit from hyperspace.

 

Beside him the child again whined, and abruptly Din felt a small tug on his sleeve. A glance
to the side showed that the kid was clinging onto his arm, his large brown gaze open and
concerned, ears drooping low.

 

"Hang tight." Din spoke, wincing at the sound of his own voice, stifled and hoarse in his
throat. "We'll get her back."

 

As if to emphasize his words, the Razorcrest
exited hyperspace with a lurch, and the outline
of the outpost became clear in the window of the ship.

 



Din took a deep breath to steady himself, let it settle in his bones, and then opened a one-way
channel to Ran's communication console.

 

"Ran." Din spoke, mustering every ounce of righteous fury and anger into his voice, growling
out the man's name in a low, dangerous warning. "I'm only going to play this message
once..."

 

----

 

"Mandalorians hunt
Jedi."

 

You stared at Ran, gaze wide and unseeing at his words.

 

Desperately, your mind tried to understand what he had just spoken, tried to process it
alongside the terrifying display of power you had just shown. Yet your thoughts were
devastatingly empty, sucked into silence following the shock, the overwhelming confusion at
everything that had occurred only moments ago.

 

Din, possibly dead. Grogu, in danger of being stolen from you. You, trapped and surrounded
by enemies, with no way out, no possibility of escape.

 

And you, you in possession of a power that you had dreaded to even exist.

 

A dozen eyes watched you and Ran face off against each other, and with a subtle shift of your
gaze you could see several hands reaching for weapons, blasters, their eyes never leaving
your form. No doubt they were terrified at what had just occurred, cautious and apprehensive
at your next move. You couldn't blame them, could hardly believe it yourself. Yet the proof of
it all lay beyond Ran, just over his shoulder to where your stare was drawn:

 

The shattered door, the one you had sent flying with nothing but your touch and mind alone.

 



Stars above, she had been right
.

 

"You...really don't know...do you?"

 

Now you understood, and the unbearable weight of the truth threatened to tear you apart like
a crushing, obliterating black hole.

 

Jedi.

 

You couldn't breathe.

 

The air seemed to be trapped inside your chest alongside your stuttering, asynchronous
heartbeat, stammering drastically out of rhythm and threatening to make your legs fall out
from under you.

 

Ran stared at you, gaze unflinching.

 

Yet you couldn't speak, couldn't summon the words needed to refute his claim. The truth of
your identity, the dawning realization of the origin of all those nightmares, the years beyond
the scope of your memory simmered low inside you, threatening to once again loose that
terrifying, unharnessed ability once more.

 

Orphan,

 

Mechanic,

 

Stowaway,

 

Traitor,



 

Jedi.

 

Survivor.

 

Cuyan.

 

"You're a liar." You croaked at last, voice cracking in your throat, hands shaking on the grip
of your blaster. It was all you could do to remain standing, staring down Ran's unblinking
stare over the sights of your weapon. Yet your voice trembled with your words, distraught
and confused, unable to understand, much less deny Ran’s statement. "Di-...Mando would
never hurt me."

 

The corner of Ran's mouth twitched for just a moment, long enough for your eyes to trace
over the smirk before it vanished.

 

"Maybe not." Ran spoke, and his voice was quieter now, but no less self-assured. "Maybe he
won't kill you or leave you for dead." He paused, and you saw him teeth his bottom lip in
thought, eyes twinkling as he considered you. You swallowed hard, but your throat seemed
tight, unable to suck in the air you needed.

 

"Maybe he'll just leave you behind or drop you off somewhere and leave you there." Ran
went on, and you couldn't help the stab of fury, of hurt
at how casual his words were, as if he
wasn't preying on your worst fear, of Din being taken away from you.

 

The image of the thing you had previously longed so hard for, of being dropped off at some
core planet, safe and protected by the reach of the New Republic, now seemed to haunt you.
All your days prior to meeting him you had dreamed of the safety and quiet of a simpler life,
free of gang wars and debts, settling down and perhaps living your life in peace. Yet now the
thought of living such a life without Din and the child brought forth a profound sadness
within you, cracking something fragile within you like the sound of something broken.

 



To think that Din might go as far as to abandon you there, to leave you behind despite all
your journeys together for the crime of your own identity…

 

It threatened to buckle you under the weight of your own soul, torn in half at the thought of
such betrayal.

 

Any comfort that you would normally find in the memory of Din's unwavering, grounding
presence seemed to only open up that dark well inside you further, swallowing the last bit of
hope that flickered dimly against the shadow of confusion and doubt that now towered
menacingly over your thoughts.

 

"H-he wouldn't." You tried, but your voice was again cut off by the ex-mercenary.

 

"You sure about that?" He asked, voice ringing out across the space between you. "After all,
you're his enemy."

 

"No-" You tried again, but your voice didn't hold the conviction you thought it did. Instead, it
was a desperate plea, a forced defense that you yourself didn't entirely believe in.

 

Yet Ran's eyes seemed to stare into you, flaying you open for a dozen stares to see, rendering
your entreaties useless against him.

 

Then, recognition flashed across his features, and his voice dipped low, making your entire
form shudder at his next words.

 

"He doesn't know, does he?"

 

You froze, the shake in your arms and legs turning into an icy paralysis and rendering your
entire form taut, petrified.

 

No- He couldn’t-



 

"Shall we tell him?"

 

The trigger under your finger felt warm to the touch.

 

You stared at Ran, eyes wide and unblinking, shivering where you stood. Ran's eyes were
locked onto yours, gaze unflinching and keen. Around you the mechanics and other
mercenaries seemed to be closing ranks, their shapes subtly shifting and rippling in the corner
of your eyes, their stares locked on your form and weapons drawn. Yet you kept your focus
locked on Ran, on the sharp and dangerous threat behind his gaze.

 

He would tell Din.

 

And Din...Din might...

 

Slowly, your finger pressed down on the trigger.

 

Yet it was the crackle and urgent beep of the comms board that made everyone in the hangar
jump, and for a moment you gasped, thinking the sound had been your blaster firing. Yet the
kickback from the weapon failed to follow after, and soon your eyes began to seek the source
of the sound, emanating from a flashing signal aboard the communications array.

 

Ran shifted slightly, glancing out of the corner of his eyes at the source of the sound. Yet he
refused to take his eyes off of you and your weapon. Instead, he simply nodded to Dash
beside him, who pocketed his own blaster and trotted off in the direction of the
communications array.

 

"Ran." He spoke only a moment later, voice quieter, urgent. "It's...the Razorcrest."

 

Despite yourself, your eyes shot over towards the mechanic, leaving Ran and allowing
surprise to get the upper hand on you. Ran kept his focus square on you, even as your blaster



tipped slightly downwards in your distraction. So caught were you in your shock that you
didn't notice him nod to someone behind you, didn't hear them begin to inch closer to your
form.

 

The only thought you could possibly think in that moment was: "Din."

 

"Play it." Ran barked at Dash, and after a moment's worth of static, you could hear your
Mandalorian's voice filter through true and clear.

 

"Ran."

 

You felt your heart jump to your throat, eyes flashing and lips parting in recognition of Din's
voice, tenored deep and dangerous, in that tone you recognized only as fury
.

 

"I'm only going to play this message once." Din spoke, voice bordering on a rumbling growl.
"You are going to let me land, you are going to hand over my partner, and you are going to
let us leave unharmed."

 

You couldn't help but let a smile ghost over your features in relief, imagining Din bent over
the controls, barely able to contain his anger but still rushing to your rescue.

 

Yet then Din's voice darkened even further, his words low and menacing.

 

"For every minute you do not comply, I will remove one of Quinn's fingers. In ten minutes, I
will remove his hands. In fifteen minutes, I will kill him, and then I will open fire on this
station."

 

A murmur ran through the crowd around you, whispers of shock and curiosity rippling like
running water at Din’s very sincere threat. They, as you did, likely did not doubt for a
moment that Din meant every word he said. You yourself looked back to Ran, who's face
now drew into a grimace as he continued to stare at you despite Din’s words ringing out
through the comm board behind him.



 

"I'm already counting."

 

With that, the transmission shut off, leaving you and the rest of the hangar in silence.

 

You could see Ran chew his lip in thought, could see him consider your figure before him
and the transmission he had just heard. In his gaze you could see him begin to weigh his
options, could see him try and plot his response as pilots charted their course through the
stars.

 

You saw the moment that realization flashed across his eyes, could see the wicked smile
creep onto his lips as he turned towards Dash and spoke:

 

"Ask him if he knows his partner is a Je-"

 

You fired.

 

The sound managed to pierce straight through Ran's voice, cutting him off with a choke and
thundering across the hangar in a deafening reverberation. The jerk on your blaster in your
hands ran throughout your entire form, like a seismic rupture tearing apart something within
you that you were not yet ready to face.

 

There was a split second where you saw the profile on Ran's face, saw his eyes widen in
shock, saw his body lurch gruesomely before he stumbled. You saw him begin to turn
towards you, saw his face contort ominously in a toxic combination of fury and fear just
before his legs caved under him and brought his body into a free fall.

 

Ran's body hit the ground, and the heartbeat of dreaded silence that followed gave way into
unbridled chaos.

 



You ducked on instinct, just as a blaster fired right behind you and a red flash passed where
your head had been less than a second prior. Wildly, you kicked out a leg behind you, feeling
it connect with something solid and the person who had been a mere step behind you lost
their balance. You twisted, catching the mercenary's surprised expression in your gaze a
moment before you squeezed off another round directly at him.

 

Everyone around you was yelling now, caught in surprise and shock at the death of their
leader. You could see multiple forms quickly advance upon you, each with as much deadly
intent as the last. You raised your blaster towards the first but were stopped when someone
else's blaster fired in your direction. You, along with everyone else in the hangar, ducked at
the sound, and now you could see several hangar-hands and engineers scattering at the
blaster-fire, trying to find safety within the scattered remains of starfighters.

 

You dove out of the way of the first person who tried to wrest you to the ground, your body
colliding harshly with the durasteel floor and leaving a bruised imprint along your elbows.
Beyond you, someone yelled to get the weapons systems online just as another mercenary
loomed over you, hands outstretched.

 

With a terrified scream, you kicked wildly upwards, knocking the person's hand aside but
managing to get your foot caught by their other hand. For a moment you felt your body
hauled sideways, nearly upside down as the mercenary tried to subdue you. In desperation,
you fired your blaster again, letting the shot go wild but startling the person enough to let
your foot go. You yanked it free, knocking them across the hip in the process and sending
them stumbling backwards.

 

You managed to get to your feet, but not before someone else managed to attack you from
behind, wrapping their arms around your torso and pinning your arms to your sides.

 

You screamed in a mixture of surprise and anger, twisting, and thrashing in an attempt to free
yourself of their hold. Yet whoever it was only managed to squeeze you tighter, force the air
from your chest in a desperate yell of shock.

 

That awareness, the one you had always had, the one that had saved your life far too many
times now, whispered urgently to you once more. You felt your gaze drawn to a nearby
container, felt recognition at the label in Aurebesh flash across your thoughts.

 



Coaxium

 

You arched your back, holding tight to your blaster and managing to lift it in the direction of
the canister. Struggling, you yelled as you used all your strength to lift your arm against the
person's hold, pointing in the direction of the fuel and sending a prayer for your aim to be
true.

 

The sound of your blaster was drowned out by the sudden and explosive ignition of the
canister, erupting with enough force to knock you and the others around you to the ground.

 

You were on your feet first, shaking off the hand that fumbled for your ankle as you launched
yourself towards the entrance of the hangar, towards safety.

 

Around you, the hangar had dissolved into true anarchy, with many engineers flocking
towards the now blazing fuel can in an attempt to contain it, and others crouching or hiding
from the still erupting blaster fire that rained down in your direction. Yet a split second after
someone yelled a warning, another explosion sent debris raining outwards as a second
canister ignited from the flare.

 

You ducked behind a steel beam as a blaster bolt whizzed past you, landing on a scrapped
fighter off to your left.

 

All the while, your breath came in rapid, harsh intakes of air, eyes wild and darting, searching
for a place to hide, to escape. You saw one mechanic rush past you, ignorant of your form
beside him, yelling something about escape pods just as a mercenary further into the hangar
fired again in your direction. Yet the mechanic jolted backwards as the plasma managed to
catch him in the chest, and he let out a cry as he fell onto his back at your feet.

 

He stared up at you for a moment, eyes wide and confused, before they became glassy and
distant and he let out a desperate, final groan.

 

You stared down at his fallen form, horrified, before having to duck again at a blaster bolt
pinging off the steel beam behind you.



 

You had to get out of here.

 

You could try and run for the escape pods, but it seemed that the idea seemed to be a popular
consensus among the mechanics, who were increasingly abandoning the futile effort of
containing the now spreading fire you had caused. Even if there were any escape pods left by
the time you got there, you'd have to fight off not only the other mercenaries, but the
desperately fleeing mechanics and engineers as well.

 

That only left one option.

 

Fumbling for the repaired comm you had used earlier, you lifted it to your lips and spoke a
desperate plea.

 

"Din!"

 

For a moment, your heart felt suspended aloft, able to drop at any second should the
transmission not go through or Din not able to receive your call.

 

Yet then there was a crackle of static before Din's blessed voice responded to yours.

 

"Cuyan?!"

 

You nearly sobbed with relief, clutching the comm in both hands and whispering a prayer of
thanks to the stars above.

 

"Cuyan! Cuyan, are you there? Where are you?"

 

"I'm here." You croaked into the comm. "I'm here, on the station. Ran is-"



 

"I can see flames, what is happening? Are you hurt?"

 

You swallowed, feeling your throat clench around a bubbling sob. Yet you managed to raise
your voice enough to be heard over the utter discord around you.

 

"I-I'm unhurt. The station is burning, and I can't get to the escape pods. I-I need you to come
around to the hangar. Don't land- it's too dangerous."

 

"Don't land?"
You could hear the confusion, the fear, and the anger in Din's voice now, and
could feel his desperation let loose on you. "How are you going to get off the outpost!?"

 

You smiled then, you couldn't help it.

 

"I'm going to jump."

 

"You- WHAT?!"

 

"Promise you'll be there to catch me, Din." You spoke into the comm, voice tender and
hopeful despite the tremble of fear there. "I'll see you soon."

 

"Cuy-"
Din tried, but you shut off the comm and pocketed it.

 

You took a breath to settle yourself, closing your eyes for a moment letting the artificial
oxygen settle in your bones as your shoulders trembled. Your heart fluttered wildly inside
your chest, as if trying to take flight just as you tried to flee from the chaos you had wrought.
Yet you managed to stifle it, knowing that at this moment a single breath of hesitation could
mean the difference between safety- of your tiny clan and of Din’s arms wrapped around you
once more- and of death in the same manner your dreams had promised since that fateful day.

 



Stars above, protect me
. You prayed, lips falling open with the silent plea upwards to the
heavens.

 

The sudden lurch of the outpost made you nearly sprawl across the floor of the hangar,
violent and unexpected. Your breath escaped you with a desperate, forced exhale, shoulders
trembling as you turned and saw a live wire now sending sparks across the ceiling above the
growing conflagration. Bright and hazy, casting various shades of blinding orange and
yellow, the blaze seemed to dance and writhe like some strange, sentient creature.

 

In your mind’s eye, you again felt as if another scene now played before you, familiar and yet
haunting in its horror as the heat of the fire began to warm across your flesh.

 

Yet you had no time to entertain it, not with the alarms on the station now blaring loud
enough to deafen you and the growing fire beginning to stretch outwards with bright,
scorching tendrils towards your fallen form.

 

Summoning both your courage and your strength, you managed to rise and look towards the
mouth of the hangar. Outside, the endless starry expanse beckoned before you with a silent,
dark entreaty. You knew to set foot outside the safety of the magnetized shield was to attain
certain death. Yet if Din managed to get the tail end of the Razorcrest close enough, just
inside the shield...

 

Another explosion rocked the floor beneath you, followed by an agonized scream of another
mechanic who had valiantly remained to try and contain the blaze, only to meet his end
where he stood. A shudder, as violent as the rocking of the station beneath you, ran through
your form, knowing that if you stayed still any longer you too would suffer the same fate.

 

With the flames growing hot at your back now, you began to race towards the opening of the
hangar even as the outpost lurched and leaned under you, tilting dangerously to one side as
the fire began to chew its way through the internal systems that kept it aloft in space.

 

You jumped over a coiled wire, feet clearing it by mere inches as it began to hiss and spark
only moments after you passed above it. The hangar was now devoid of almost anyone other
than yourself, your pursuers haven given up the chase in favor of saving their own lives.
Silently, you prayed that they had in fact made it, that no one else was still aboard. The



station was falling apart at the seams now, set adrift by the huge, bright blaze at its center, the
one created by your hand like some creature of anarchy.

 

Your feet pounded the metal floor under you, each step seeming slower than your own racing
heartbeat. Yet with each footfall you felt as if the fire was reaching out towards you from
behind, extending a blazing grasp towards your back in an attempt to drag you backwards
into it- into your own hellish nightmares.

 

A low whine began to sound above the fire, distant but louder with each passing moment,
turning from a low hum into a trumpeting vibration that you had long since engraved in the
very fiber of you.

 

The Razorcrest
.

 

The ship appeared all at once, passing once by the mouth of the hangar in a flash, its silver
coating reflecting the ominous glow of the raging maelstrom that outlined your form in
bright, otherworldly light. Yet then, slower now, the ship appeared once more, hovered closer
and eased its way gently towards the hangar.

 

You clambered over a fallen panel, wincing at the scorch the heated metal left on your palm.
Yet you kept your eyes focused on the ship before you, watching with wide eyes as it drew
closer towards you with every precious heartbeat.

 

Din managed to ease the back ramp into the hold of the hangar, even with the fire threatening
other crafts and making the whole station list dangerously off to one side.

 

Yet even so, the ramp began to descend after a moment, not fully extending and merely
opening far enough for a figure to appear at the top.

 

Din.

 



You felt the air in your chest, held tight and hot against your ribcage, whoosh out of you at
the sight of your Mandalorian. His beskar armor managed to reflect the hazy orange and
yellow flames further into the hangar, his visor catching the light in a way that made him
seem less of a man and more of a monster bent on destruction, in revenge for having
endangered all he held close.

 

In one hand he held his rifle, prepared and at the ready to shoot down any and all who would
deign to chase fruitlessly after you. Yet in the other he held the arm of someone you had
never seen before- a male Twi-Lek with purple coloring gazed out at the destruction with a
horrific mixture of shock and fear.

 

You didn't have any time to question who the man was, for Din shoved him forward with
enough force to make him stumble and roll off the partially extended ramp. The Twi-Lek's
body hit the hangar floor with a thump
hardly audible above the roar of the Razorcrest's
engines and the inferno drawing ever closer with each passing moment. The bounty, you
assumed, raised himself to his feet and looked up at Din pleadingly for a moment, only to get
a jerk of Din's head in return. Din nodded to a nearby, somewhat intact craft that was still
untouched by the flames. The man followed Din's gaze before tripping over himself in an
attempt to sprint towards the craft, hands still bound before him.

 

"Din!"

 

The Mandalorian's visor snapped towards the sound of your voice, rifle hauled into his hands
as he prepared to intercept any pursuers. Yet finding none, he shouldered the rifle and stepped
forward to the very edge of the ramp.

 

"Cuyan!!" Din roared, his voice able to be heard despite the deafening discord all around you.

 

"Din!!" You screamed again, the last of your air spent letting loose his name at the top of
your lungs. You hurled yourself forward, not bothering to count the last steps it took for you
to throw yourself towards the ramp.

 

Under your feet the station shuddered, let out a horrific groan and began to tilt violently. For
a moment you stumbled, balance lost as you tried to regain yourself and not fall to your
knees. To your horror, the outpost began to shift backwards, the floor rising under you and
threatening to make you fall backwards, further into the hangar, into the inferno.



 

"Jump!" Din's voice yelled from above you, muffled now by the catastrophic groaning and
grinding of the outpost now in its death throes.

 

As you watched, he spread his arms wide, feet planted and ready to catch your form the
moment you launched upwards towards him.

 

You took one last deep breath, steeling yourself despite the tremor in your hands, the shiver
up your spine. Then, with all the strength still kept in your body…

 

You jumped.

 

As you did, it felt as if your body suddenly became lighter than air, floating farther upwards
than you had intended, as if you were ascending towards the stars themselves. For a moment
you felt as you did on Coruscant all that time ago, having launched yourself from the
careening speeder onto a desperate gamble for safety. Yet even then, you felt the memory
extend further back, to a moment far before this journey had truly begun.

 

Suspended on all sides, the rush of stifling, hot air and flames and destruction around you,
you felt the resurgence of a memory long since forgotten rise in your chest. In the darkness of
night, atop a tower overlooking a sprawling ecumenopolis, you had been thrown, pushed out
into the hot night air as someone had screamed your name in one, final, desperate plea. Held
aloft for just a moment, clothes flapping in the wind, you stayed there for a single heartbeat
before falling downwards into something unknown, a darkness within your mind you
couldn’t recall, with naught but your own name trailing after you.

 

Now, a different voice called you by a different name, one you knew all the same. The one
who had bestowed upon you that title, survivor, now stretched forward, arms spread wide
towards you as you descended like a shooting star from the galaxy above, arching like an
arrow of light straight into his embrace.

 

Din's arms fastened around you tightly, enough to squeeze the breath from your body as your
arms wrapped tightly around his armored form. Your breath released in a shuddering sigh
against his neck, face buried there as you once more held onto your beloved protector,
partner, your Mandalorian.



 

Yet as much as you wanted to take the moment to immerse yourself within him, there was no
time. Not as the station creaked, groaned, and began to list away from the Razorcrest
. The
shield threatened to veer away from the ramp, sucking you both out of the hangar and into the
endless void of space.

 

So, you tore yourself away from Din just as he punched the button for the ramp, watching as
it began to ascend slowly, much too slowly, up into the cargo hold. All the while the station
fell away from the ship, listing and leaning with a horrible metallic shriek. Inside, the
Coaxium fuel burned bright and ethereal, glowing with colors not its own in a strange, exotic
chemical reaction.

 

Just as the ramp closed you heard the hiss and scream of the oxygen beginning to be drawn
from the cabin, ruffling the hem of your clothes, and forcing the breath from your chest. Yet
then, mercifully, the door pressurized with a hiss, and the void of space was repelled beyond
the  bulkhead of its interior.

 

It was Din urgently brushing past you towards the ladder that reminded you that you all
weren’t safe yet- the threat of the station exploding and damaging the ship still very present.
You raced after Din, following him up towards the cockpit.

 

“Strap in.” Din barked at you, over the sound of Grogu whining insistently at your sudden
arrival. His small arms raised towards you pleadingly, eyes wide and worried. You managed
to scoop him into your arms and plant yourself in the seat behind Din without so much as a
hello, hands shaking and breath catching at the very present danger still posed to you all.

 

Yet to your utter surprise, the sensors of the ship began to beep insistently, and a glance
proved that there were two more ships about to enter the vicinity of the outpost.

 

“Reinforcements?” You squeaked out to Din, who merely shook his head as his fingers flew
over the controls and the Razorcrest began to angle away from the burning station. Your gaze
was drawn to the viewfinder, to where the radar signaled the origin of the incoming ships to
be coming from.

 



Yet it wasn’t a mercenary vessel or an Imperial cruiser that appeared before you, but two
New Republic X-Wings, flying in close formation, that dove in  towards the Razorcrest.

 

“Din?” You questioned nervously as they began to approach, afraid that perhaps Din’s
entanglement with the prisoner vessel had led to a pursuit.

 

"They're not here for us." Din replied quickly, punching in coordinates into the hyperdrive
navigator.

 

Sure enough, the two X-Wings darted past you, diving in towards the adrift station and the
collection of escape pods and debris that remained littered around it.

 

“Hang on.” Din instructed, and soon the ship began to lean backwards as the array of stars
before you distorted, and the blue light of hyperspace soon engulfed the Razorcrest as it
lurched forward beyond the reach of the station, well out of danger with all of you safely
aboard.

 

The hum of the hyperdrive failed to muffle the collective sigh of relief that ran through the
cockpit. Yet what followed was not a rush of questions or movement, but the quiet, profound
silence that it took to process such a narrow escape from disaster.

 

Bruised, battered, and slightly burnt as you were, you were alive. More than that, so was Din,
and the child in your arms as well. Again, despite everything, you had survived, had clawed
your way to safety, back to Din’s side.

 

Slumping in your chair, you smoothed a hand over Grogu’s back, feeling his tiny grip clasp
against your clothes as he buried his face against your stomach with a stifled, worried whine.
You closed your eyes and let a breath escape you, trying to calm your still racing heartbeat
and trembling grasp.

 

You could see Din’s shoulder sag, his form nearly crumpling in on itself with a quiet,
profound respite from the terror, the fury, and the dreaded anticipation he must have felt as he
raced to your rescue.



 

You yourself felt the same, figure still shaking from head to toe at the leftover rush of
adrenaline caused by the unfiltered horror that your escape, that Ran’s death, that the
revelation of your identity had caused.

 

Your eyes shot open.

 

Oh stars…

 

In your escape you had nearly forgotten it all, the lingering feeling of energy flowing through
your hands, of the door that had buckled under your grip, of Ran’s keen, malicious gaze
peering at you from across the hangar.

 

Mandalorians hunt Jedi.

 

You abruptly doubled over, nearly squishing the squirming, concerned child in your arms.
The motion caught Din’s attention, and he spun towards you as nausea began to rise thick and
vile in your throat, pushing down any relief you felt and replacing it now with a newfound
fear. You could hear the fear in his voice as he called for you, but the sound was distant,
warped by the cloud of your own thoughts, violent and sickening.

 

Jedi.

 

The word that you had dreaded so terribly now rose within you, undeniable and singing out
against your own soul.

 

Gods, it was true. It was all true. Everything that she had said, that officer had uttered before
her body had stumbled, fallen as Din’s blaster, aimed well and true, had pierced through her
flesh.

 



And you, you had tried to deny it, had fought so valiantly against the truth only for it to
reveal itself in dazzling, irrefutable veracity.

 

More than that, what Ran said haunted you even now, even after you had shot him, dropped
him where he stood to keep the truth from being wrenched from your grasp.

 

Din couldn’t know. If he did, if he knew, if what Ran said was true, then it would mean that
Din truly would leave you. He would abandon you somewhere and leave, unable to kill you,
an enemy, but unwilling to compromise his creed to keep you by his side.

 

You had sworn to him that you would tell him

 

He couldn’t know.

 

Yet there was no denying it now, no denying what it was you truly were.

 

You could still feel it, the light of something beyond your understanding rising within you,
bubbling upwards and breaking all the barriers you had constructed to force it down, to
contain it for your own survival. It threatened to split you at the seams, like light spilling
outwards and illuminating all that you had tried to hide from.

 

Hands landed on your shoulders, trying to shake you from your stupor. Yet even though you
could see Din’s helmet in your vision, your eyes looked past him, to the scene you had just
escaped.

 

The flames inside the hangar now seemed to merge with the core of your memories, of that
day when your fate had changed so drastically, forever altered by events beyond your control.
The blaze that had ripped through the temple, which had set everything ablaze, the sound of it
muffled only by the screams of your fallen friends and family in a never-ending wail of grief
that rang out within you, carving a place inside your chest, never forgotten despite the years
that had passed.

 



Again, Din’s voice melded with the one in your nightmare- no, your memories- as it
screamed out one final, horrific plea against the stars as you were held aloft for all but a
single moment before descending down, further, further into the all-consuming darkness that
silenced all your thoughts.

 

You slumped forward, head lolling and vision fading even as Din’s voice desperately echoed
your name.

 

 

 

 

 

 

Chapter End Notes

Hi, hello yes hi! I'm not dead!

Sorry for the incredibly delayed update. I'm a month out from emergency surgery and
also in the middle of packing for another move across country. My life has been
incredibly hectic recently but I think- I HOPE it will be calming down soon enough. I
start my new (better) grad program in mid August, and will need a few weeks to balance
things out.

I'm still updating this fic, however! I promised I have not forgotten Cuyan and Din, and
every lovely reader who decides to take time to read this amazing fic. I read each and
every comment under each chapter, and while I may not reply to all, I cherish each and
every single one.

Thank you to all the mutuals, friends, and beloved beta-readers who have assisted me in
conquering this chapter!



Chapter 45: Part Forty-Five: The Memory
Chapter Summary

"It's...okay." Din offered after a moment, confusion still tinting his voice. "You're okay.
I'm here."

You sniffled, burying your face deeper into his shoulder as if you could hide from your
own thoughts there.

He was right. He was here, for now at least, here until the moment your secret would be
unveiled, and then gone the next. For all you were worth you couldn't help but cling to
him despite the dreaded guilt of doing so, of partaking in the temptation of holding him
while you still could. Here, in his tender embrace, you had found yourself safe from all
that tried to hurt you. Yet now that threat whispered softly in your ear, coaxing hesitant
words of comfort, all while your mind ran wild with the implications.

It seemed that, despite everything, not even here were you safe.

Chapter Notes

TW during flashback for: Situations similar to public shooting, explicit reference to
genocide in canon, child endangerment, and acrophobia

See the end of the chapter for more notes

 

 

Dreams did not plague you as you slept. Not this time.

 

Instead of the flames and screams of your childhood your senses awoke to a stillness, a
silence that felt just as unsettling as your nightmares.

 

The muffled hum of the Razorcrest's engines remained absent as your eyes slowly fluttered
open to take in the space around you. Yet the thing you noticed first besides that was the
sharp, sudden ache that awaited you, body clenching at nothing and releasing with a shiver.



Your hands smarted at the touch of chill on your skin, and you winced, glancing down to see
that your scraped and bloodied hands had been carefully wrapped in gauze, evidence of a
caring touch.

 

Your eyes began to adjust to the room around you, and you realized with dawning certainty
that Din must have set you three down at an inn on a backwater planet somewhere, likely
trying to stay under the radar as much as possible. Where, you weren’t certain, but if the chill
in your bones was any indication you would have guessed some frigid, isolated colony with a
mere scarce smattering of sentient life so as to avoid your pursuers.

 

Above you, a domed ceiling curved up far above your form. From it hung a variety of
tapestries and cloth, all woven together and wavering ever so slightly from a draft you
couldn't see. The whistle of the wind drew your attention off to your side, to where a set of
aging, frosted doors opened onto a small overlook. Beyond it lay a towering, steep mountain
range, the peaks reaching up to scrape against the stratosphere.

 

Across from you, flames flickered in a small fireplace, the smoke wafting and curling
upwards into the chimney. The sight of it made you shiver, as if suddenly reminding you just
how frigid the room was. Blankets had been piled atop you on the small bed where you lay,
heaped on top of you as if someone had been ceaselessly worrying at your bedside. Beneath
them you could feel you had been stripped of your scorched outer layers, leaving only your
shorts and thin undershirt underneath.

 

You frowned, a bit puzzled. You hadn't remembered taking off anything before you fell
unconscious. Granted, you didn't remember even landing on a planet at all, nor being
transported to the strange room you found yourself in.

 

Yet the one who was the answer to all these questions remained conspicuously absent.

 

Din.

 

You curled further into the blankets, too cold and too warm all at once, uncomfortable at the
very reminder of the Mandalorian. Conflict roiled in your stomach, dark and ominous, the
memory of what had happened at the outpost a dark reminder to your current circumstances.
Yet beyond that lay a relief, a sag of comfort at the silence around you, devoid of the horrible
creaking and groaning of the destroyed outpost.



 

Din had saved you, you realized belatedly. He had saved you, again, as he always did. Time
and time again Din came to your aid, as if destiny itself had guided him there, back again to
your side.

 

You could still remember the moment Din's voice rang out across the chaos of the destroyed
hangar, calling out desperately for you above the carnage you had created; of the feeling of
his arms closing around you, catching you as you launched yourself to him, into the safety of
his embrace.

 

Yet the memory of Ran's words, of his eyes, cold and calculating, remained burned into the
inside your thoughts.

 

"Mandalorians hunt Jedi."

 

A shudder ran through you, and for a moment it felt as if the chill was not around you, but
within you, lurking under your skin.

 

A Jedi, you realized. A survivor at that, the truth of your identity lending new credence to the
title Din had bestowed upon you all those moons ago. How you had survived you did not
know, but there was no denying it now, not after everything that had happened. The proof
was irrefutable, lingering in the display of your powers, of the memories turned nightmares,
of the sinister words hissed to you by the slain Imperial officer.

 

An enemy.

 

That reminder of Din's arms fastened around you now seemed to torture you instead,
whispering to you in a cruel temptation in which you could no longer indulge.

 

"Shall we tell him?"

 



You curled further into yourself, burrowing and wrapping the blankets around you as if they
could shield you from both the chill and the haunting reality of your current circumstances.
Again, Din's voice seemed to haunt you even now, echoing an uncertainty that you had no
way of answering.

 

"Why can't you tell me?"

 

It had been spoken so quietly then, in the scarce privacy behind the Razorcrest, with Din's
voice dipping low and almost pleading with you to share your burden with him. You had
promised him then that you would, that soon, very soon, you would reveal the truth that the
Imperial officer had lain against your skin, cursing you and your existence with her dying
words.

 

How could you? How could you tell him now, after all that had happened with his absence?

 

Even now, the lingering feeling of what you had done in the outpost hangar made you
shudder in awe and terror. You could still hear the sound of the door caving in on itself,
creaking and groaning horrifically before at last flying out from under your fingertips. The
light revealed to you then by your own destruction seemed to now illuminate the truth within
you.

 

It was true. You were a Jedi.

 

With that acknowledgment alone came the reminder of your nightmares, of how they had
haunted you all this time, ever since that fateful day in which you screamed out against the
force itself, wishing for nothing more than to forget-

 

And you had. All these years you had forgotten, had lived a life that was a lie. Those
memories still dwelled within you, haunting you, yet you had seen them as something no
more than a ceaselessly repeating nightmare, something you could not possibly have lived
through. Instead, you had pushed it down further, into the deepest recesses of your mind,
trying to be anything but the identity you had nearly been killed for.

 



Yet even within all those years the force had never left you, had remained by your side. It had
kept you safe, allowing you to run faster, to hear better, to react quicker, to sense danger
around every corner. You understood now why you had survived among so many other
orphans who had not, why you alone had managed survival against all odds.

 

Even now you could still feel it, could now sense that strange mystic power reawakening
within you. It pulsed through your veins, echoing that strange cosmic chorus that coordinated
with your own heartbeat. Muscles that had long lay unused now seemed to swell with
strength, roused from a long, dormant slumber. Even the room around you seemed to seem
sharper, seemed to whisper with the traces of those who had been there long before you.

 

Your skin felt abruptly not like your own, as if some stranger had descended to inhabit your
body and take hold. The reality of what you had done, of what you could do sank into your
bones, just as deep as the icy cold chill that lay outside the windows. If you had managed to
destroy a locked vault door, you didn't want to possibly imagine what you could do to another
living being.

 

Unprompted, the memory of your hands colliding with Din's chest plate as you had pushed
him away in panic now rose within you. With it came the sensation of the door in the outpost
flying out from under your hands. Stars, the idea that you might unleash that power upon
Din, or maybe even Grogu made terror slink in your stomach and coil there, sinking you
down further into despair.

 

If that did come to pass, even if you did keep your identity a secret, would Din be so merciful
to you then? With a power you did not know how to control? You did not know the reason
Mandalorians hunted Jedi, but you knew if you ever harmed Grogu, Din would not hesitate to
defend the child he was charged with, even if it meant defending him from you.

 

If you did tell him, would Din see you as a threat even then? Even if he himself didn't hunt
Jedi? Would he leave you behind as you feared, abandoning you, and with you all that the
two of you had gone through together?

 

You sniffled, feeling the weight of a sob clog your throat. You tried to swallow it, but the
motion only brought forth tears to your eyes, too warm against the cold air. Yet it was to no
avail, for they abruptly spilled from the corner of your eyes and fell down your cheeks as you
began to cry.



 

You didn't want to be alone.

 

You had survived so much, had forgotten all you had lost in a desperate bid for survival, and
even that had not guaranteed you happiness. You had been alone even then, in your workshop
on Kaddack, staring up at the stars at night and longing for a peaceful place to call home.

 

Against all the odds you had found it, had found your home inside the confines of the
Razorcrest, where Din's soft voice greeted you and Grogu cooed and wiggled happily within
your embrace. Din had asked you to stay with him, in the twilight midnight of Coruscant, had
let his lips fall to yours with a silent oath.

 

Yet the reality that Din might abandon you for who you were, leaving you for the same
reason the Empire hunted you, was too much to bear.

 

You wept, crying underneath your blankets as if hiding from the world, from Din, from the
Empire, from everything you stood to lose for the simple injustice of your own existence.

 

You didn't want to be alone again. Not after you had lost so much, all those years ago in that
fateful midnight where you had survived, forgotten the unbearable grief of losing all you
knew and loved. The weight of again being on your own, of wanting nothing more than to
find a place to belong threatened to crack you in two, shattering the hope you had dared to
dream in your time with Din.

 

Yet the burden of this secret, of the true reason the Empire had begun to chase you, had never
stopped chasing you all these years, threatened to buckle your shoulders from the horrific
gravity of it all. You knew to keep this secret was to let it fester and rot inside you, growing
into something you could no longer hide until at last the very truth of it would be ripped from
your soul.

 

You couldn't tell him. He could never know. You didn't want to be alone, yet...

 



Footsteps outside echoed down the hallway, heavy footed and sure in their direction. You
startled at the sound, sitting up quickly and feeling your body tense in readiness. When your
visitor approached the doorway, you silently felt a murmur, a whisper of that hidden strength
run through you, always prepared to fight, to flee, to do whatever necessary for your own
survival. You clamped down on it, praying that it would not unleash itself once more,
wouldn’t hurt anyone.

 

Yet, as the door swung open you were met with a familiar helmeted gaze, turning with his
shoulder pressing the door wide enough to let Grogu's bassinet to pass through before letting
it close once more.

 

Din turned, and at your wide, startled expression he froze, muscles tensing as if he had just
spooked an animal in hiding, not moving for fear it would flee.

 

"...It's just me." He offered after a few tense moments of silence, his voice quiet and
reassuring.

 

Yet you didn't respond, couldn't force yourself to relax fully, not with the haunting reminder
of Ran's words ceaselessly repeating in your mind.

 

"Mandalorians hunt Jedi."

 

Din shifted, as if disconcerted by your refusal to let your guarded gaze leave his form. Beside
him Grogu sat up, looked between you and Din with a small whine, his eyes pleading with
you as they always did for you to come and hold him. Something fierce and sharp stabbed
inside your chest, painful and tender all at once.

 

"I...brought you a change of clothes.” Din murmured quietly, almost as if offering a treaty, a
truce to break the silence. “-and some food.”

 

Your eyes darted down to his hands, holding a tray of something warm, the steam curling up
off the plate. As if on cue, you felt a low growl of hunger rumble low in your stomach.

 



Din chuckled, and the sound of his laughter alone sent a pang of guilt through you. You
wanted so desperately to enjoy this moment, safe once more with the man you loved, but the
undeniable weight of your secret, of the knowledge you had of your own identity seemed to
smother that affection into silence.

 

When you didn't respond Din took a tentative step forward, and then another when he
realized you wouldn't flee from him. Ever so gently he approached you to your side, at last
delicately resting the food tray on a nearby table, and beside them a bundle of clothes dug
from within the Razorcrest. Grogu hovered behind him, his ears drooping upon realizing he
was not the sole center of your focus.

 

You swallowed thickly, feeling the remnant of a sob still clog your throat.

 

"Thank you." You offered at last to Din, voice hoarse.

 

Din only nodded, but after a moment he turned and carefully set himself on the bed beside
you at your feet, the mattress shifting under his weight. Yet he didn't speak, at least not at
first. Instead, you saw him fidget with his hands for a moment, head bent in thought.

 

"Are you hurt?" He asked at last, voice tentative, quiet.

 

You curled into yourself, knees coming up towards your chest as you shook your head in a
silent response. Yet it seemed to reassure Din, as you saw his shoulders sag an inch upon
your reply.

 

"...Ran set us up." Din spoke again after a moment of hesitation. Again, you nodded, eyes
cast down to your hands.

 

"What happened after I left?"

 

You blinked, memories cut short by the fear, the hint of fury in Din's voice. It made
something within you shift, and you realized after a heartbeat that the sensation was one of



fear.

 

"Did...did he try to hurt you?" Din asked upon seeing the flicker of fright on your face, voice
nothing but worried, concerned, wanting you to be alright.

 

You shuddered visibly, suddenly recalling the horrid sensation of complete darkness, of
banging your hands on the metal door of the storage closet until they bled, of screaming your
voice hoarse in a desperate plea to be released.

 

Your silence must have been enough for Din, for you heard rather than saw his gloves creak
under his clenched grip, shoulders going taut with anger.

 

"I..."

 

You swallowed, voice still hoarse from crying. Yet Din shifted, turned to look at you, the
gaze behind the helmet gentle, open.

 

"I killed him." You murmured, shoulders hunching at the reminder. "I killed Ran."

 

Din, for what he was worth, did not react, at least not visibly. He didn't move, didn't seem to
breathe at your confession. Yet at last he reached a hand forward, let it rest upon your knee in
a silent gesture of comfort.

 

"You did what you had to."

 

You blinked, lips parting slightly and eyes wide as they stared at Din through his visor. Your
heartbeat seemed to echo too loudly in your ears, a loud and off-beat staccato rhythm that
seemed dyssynchronous with the world around you.

 

You did what you had to.



 

Not just in killing Ran. No, not just that. You did what you had to, when you had nearly died
at the hands of the Imperial Officer defending Grogu, when you had confronted that gang in
the cantina, when you had gone after Din's bounty in his stead, when you had thrown the
grenade at the Black Suns, when you had crash landed that speeder in the Coruscant
underground. Even before that, when you had sliced yourself open in your fight against the
Clawdite hunter, on Hypori when you had shot the pirate in the hold of the ship. Even when
you had stowed away on the Razorcrest, a fugitive with nothing to her name, you had done
what you needed to.

 

Even in forgetting, in absolving yourself of the memories that gave you your identity, you
had done what you needed to in order to survive. All this time you had done whatever it took
for one more day, one more hour, for the smallest glimmer of freedom in the distance.

 

And now, you would do it again.

 

"...Cuyan?"

 

You blinked, and in doing so suddenly felt the rush of warmth falling from your eyes and
streaming down your cheeks unabated. You tenderly raised a hand to your face, shock
flickering across your expression when your fingers came away wet with tears. Turning your
gaze back to Din, you noticed his hands half lifted towards you, posture rigid with surprise
and concern over your sudden tears. Even with the helmet you could imagine the distress, the
affectionate unease behind his visor.

 

And, upon imagining the image of Din's crestfallen face, you began to cry.

 

It was sudden, the choke of a sob bubbling up your throat like a geyser, erupting in a
wrecked, broken sound pouring from your lips. Your vision clouded over with tears, and soon
you were doubled over, shoulders shaking and chest heaving with the force of your cries. Yet
despite the sound you could hear Din again echo his name for you, voice unsure and worried
at your sudden change in behavior.

 

Din's touch, feather light and unsure, landed on your shoulders as he shifted closer.
Unconsciously, you leaned into it, wanting for a moment nothing more than to be held, to be



embraced by the one person you felt safe with in a universe of doubt and confusion.

 

At your movement, Din ushered you closer to him, shifting until your tear ridden cheek met
the coarse fabric of his cowl at his shoulder. One hand came to wrap itself around your waist,
the other hesitating for just a moment before settling itself on your hair.

 

You crumpled into him, sobs consuming you as you wept. Your hands came up to his chest
plate, one rising past it to wind the fabric of his cape in your fist, as if anchoring yourself
there.

 

"It's...okay." Din offered after a moment, confusion still tinting his voice. "You're okay. I'm
here."

 

You sniffled, burying your face deeper into his shoulder as if you could hide from your own
thoughts there.

 

He was right. He was here, for now at least, here until the moment your secret would be
unveiled, and then gone the next. For all you were worth you couldn't help but cling to him
despite the dreaded guilt of doing so, of partaking in the temptation of holding him while you
still could. Here, in his tender embrace, you had found yourself safe from all that tried to hurt
you. Yet now that threat whispered softly in your ear, coaxing hesitant words of comfort, all
while your mind ran wild with the implications.

 

It seemed that, despite everything, not even here were you safe.

 

Your hands tightened into fists, cries stuttering to a soft, uneven series of ragged exhales as
you gently pulled away from the Mandalorian holding you tenderly against his form.

 

"No." You managed, voice thick with tears and hoarse from your cries. "I-I can't."

 

You felt Din go stiff, unmoving against you. Yet it didn’t deter you, not even as you felt
something inside your chest ache hard enough to make you break all over again.



 

"Din." You spoke, voice cracking. "Din please, I-"

 

Din shifted away from you, holding you at arm's length so he could see your face. Yet it
remained downturned towards your lap, even as you trembled in his hold.

 

Something dark and rotten twisted in your gut, at the idea that Din was being so tender, so
gentle with you without knowing who you were, what you were. More than that, you hated
this, hated yourself for the knowledge that you would have to break his heart before
admitting the foul, awful truth of your own existence to him.

 

"Din." You whispered, voice cracking once more, and into that word you poured every ounce
of grief, of heartache, fear, and despair that you felt torture your own soul.

 

"I...want to be alone. Please."

 

For a moment Din didn't move, didn't breathe. Unable to see his helmet, you could only
assume the look of hurt that must have crossed his face, which colored his eyes behind the
darkness of his visor.

 

Then his hands tightened just an inch against you, dug for just a moment into the flesh of
your arms before releasing themselves once again.

 

"Cuyan..." Din murmured, and oh, you could hear the dismay, the ache in his voice, confused
and concerned and hurt all at once, unsure what to say or do to return you to his arms.

 

"Please." You echoed again, ducking your head even further from his gaze and forcing the
plea to tear from your chest. "P-please...just...just go."

 

Din remained frozen for a moment, and in that moment a part of you hoped he would
somehow stay, refuse to leave your side despite your wishes. If he stayed, if he held you once



more, then maybe…just maybe…

 

That same part of you fell, sank to your stomach when at last he pulled away, the feeling of
his hands lingering on your arms as he slid his touch from you. You felt the bed shift as he
stood, heard the quiet creak of the floorboards as he moved away from you. In his absence
you doubled over, as if you could hide yourself entirely from his gaze. Yet there, into the
cover, you felt tears spring to your eyes anew.

 

Din paused one more time, as if to cast a glance at you, before at last speaking softly to the
worried child in his pram.

 

"...C'mon kid. Let's...give her some space."

 

You waited until the door shut before shattering into ten thousand tiny fragments.

 

----

 

Din stood just outside the door, listening to the sound of you fall apart. Head bent to his
chest, he closed his eyes at the sound of your cries echoing out into the corridor.

 

The urge to return to your side, to usher you into his arms and hold you as if trying to anchor
you from your own emotions swelled within him. For a moment it was all he could do to just
force himself to breathe, to remain still, his back flush with the door behind him.

 

You had made it clear you didn't want him there.

 

Doubt, heavy and sour in his stomach, began to make itself known once more. That same
frustration, that same despair he felt upon realizing he had walked into a trap aboard the New
Republic transport, that he had put you in danger upon doing so, again rose within him.

 

He had made you a promise.



 

"I swear...that I'd die before anything happened to you or the kid."

 

He had spoken those words with his head bent to yours, in the quiet, familiar hum of the
Razorcrest, and with each word had summoned every inch of tender hope and affection for
you. Even now he could still remember his name falling from your lips as he braced himself
above you in the darkness, of his lips descending to yours in a gentle, beloved kiss.

 

"Din."

 

Yet that same voice had echoed his name just now not in love, but in a desperate plea, broken
and unsure. With your head bent to hide your tears, you had asked him to leave, to not stay
and comfort you even in your darkest hour.

 

Again, it was all his fault.

 

His fault for leaving you, for not listening, for failing you despite his oath, his creed.

 

Now he was forced to reckon with that failure, forced to listen to the sound of your own
emotions swell so violently against you that it now burst from the seams.

 

The sight of your form shuddering with sobs, of it shaking in his arms had made something in
Din threaten to crack, the ache even now lingering deep and heavy in his bones. With your
voice choked with tears, eyes red and cheeks stained from crying, Din had felt himself pause
in shock, rattled by the image of you falling away at the seams.

 

He could hardly reconcile that image with the partner he had known for what seemed like his
whole life by now. Were you truly the same survivor he had seen launch that grenade at the
Black Suns? The same partner of his that had flipped a pirate over your shoulder and brought
him crashing down through a cantina table? Were you still the same survivor that had
managed to keep yourself alive despite all the misadventures you had been through with him?
Offering him a tender smile even as your doubts began to consume you?



 

Yet your continued cries seemed to be evidence to the contrary, and the thought of that alone
made Din brace himself on the doorway and slide down towards the frigid wooden floor.

 

He didn't know what had rattled you so severely, he could only guess that something had
happened to you aboard the station, something that had caused you to shoot Ran and run. You
said you hadn't been hurt, and Din knew from stripping you of your scorched outer layers that
was true, but even he could not see the damage inside that Ran might have inflicted on you.

 

Yet it wasn't just that, he pondered. No, your strange and divergent behavior had gone back to
that moment on Christophsis, where he had found you cornered and terrified at the hands of
that Imperial officer. Din could still remember the sight of your form hunched over the child,
eyes bright with unshed tears and horrified at the sight of the officer's smoking corpse. You
hadn't even been able to speak past your breathlessness, hunched over and hyperventilating at
a menacing entity Din could not see.

 

He could still feel your hands press against him, shove him away in your panic.

 

Din had been so afraid then, so terrified at the thought he had failed you, that you were
furious at his inability to keep you safe. The thought of you being angry enough to leave him
over his failure had been all consuming, catastrophic against the silence of his thoughts. It
was only once he had chanced upon the sight of your sleeping form curled around the kid that
he had felt that desperation within him dissipate, able to be completely forgotten once you
had spoken to him with such tender assuredness he couldn't dare deny you.

 

“I’m not leaving. Even if you told me to, I don't think I ever could.”

 

Yet that had been before Din had led you into a trap alongside him before you had been left
to fend yourself alone against Ran and his crew. Why Din had left you there on the station by
yourself still failed him. You had all but begged to go with him, pleading to not be separated
again. Yet Din had denied you, even as your shook in his arms with whatever haunted you
even now.

 

He had failed you. Again. Now he was damned for it, cast out by your hurt and anger for his
own transgressions.



 

If Din had known this would be the result of your journeys together, he would have never
agreed to let you come with him all those moons ago. He would have never subjected you to
the fear, the chaos of the life he lived. Yet he had been so greedy, had wanted to see the
dazzling evolution that was you, until at last he wanted little else than to keep you at his side,
to hear you whisper his name again in that quiet, reverent voice of yours.

 

"Din."

 

If only he could go back, to the moment where he had asked you to stay with him and the
child, in that dark Coruscanti night where he had seen your shadowed silhouette with his own
eyes for the first time. If he had asked you then to stay with the Covert, to stay with the other
Mandalorians, then maybe now he wouldn't have to hear the sounds of your sobs echoing
past the door behind him.

 

You had wanted that, long ago, hadn't you? He remembered you telling him you wanted a
peaceful life, safe from the crime and chaos of the Outer Rim and the underworld, on some
serene Core world by yourself. Was it too late to go back to that? To spare you from this life
that tortured you so?

 

Yet that selfish part of him, that same one that looked at you, only at you, with tenderness,
affection, and desire all at once, refused the mere thought of that idea. Perhaps, if he could
just keep you at his side for a little longer, you would be able to conquer whatever demons
haunted you, would forgive him for his mistakes. If he could just see your smiling face, that
same face that had been dappled by sunlight amongst the crystal waves of that hidden
beachside planet, then all would be well once more.

 

He couldn't keep you. He couldn't let you go. Yet in between that fracture inside of him your
cries now eased into quiet, muffled sobs, weeping at something Din couldn't see.

 

If he could just hold you once more, could feel the warmth of your touch against his face...

 

Din sat in silence for a time, listening to the occasional sniffle or quiet sob echo from behind
the door, here in this place he had tried to make safe for you. Eyes closed, Din let himself



imagine those carefree days he had spent with you and the child, of your bright eyes and
smiling faces, safe from everything Din sought to protect you from.

 

When at last there was silence, Din opened his eyes, let himself stare at the raftered ceiling
above him.

 

"Cuyan?" He murmured, voice loud enough only for you to hear beyond the barrier. Yet your
voice was silent, not speaking or even whimpering with sobs.

 

That ache inside Din rose again, fast and sharp, hard enough to make him nearly grimace
through the force of it. Yet his voice remained steady, quiet and reassuring as he spoke once
more.

 

"I'm here, Cuyan. Whenever you need me. Always."

 

 

----

 

 

You eventually fell asleep once more, sinking deep into the well of your own despair with
nothing but your cries to fill the silence of Din’s absence. Exhausted, drained, and
completely, utterly spent you slept but did not truly rest, your mind and body falling further
and further just like you had all those years ago, back on that day that had changed
everything…

 

.

.

.

 

Everything had happened so fast.



 

It had been a normal evening, the ever-constant thrum of Coruscant easing as the night
darkened and folks went to their homes. The temple had an easy peace to it after dark, the
guardians and Jedi within its walls retiring to their chambers to meditate, padawans still bent
over ancient texts and data pads as they studied in the archives. Despite the war that raged
beyond its walls your home spoke of safety, a comfort which you had known your entire life.

 

Now as the night drew long, the lights of the ornate hallways and winding corridors
dimming, you sat in your communal area with your friends and classmates. Some still
chattered away to each other, some playing games, and those that were shy and relaxed
tucked themselves away in a corner to read or doze. You watch them from your perch on your
bunk, concentrating on trying to float the ball in your hand using the force.

 

You are among the first to notice it, the almost imperceptible shift in the force beyond the
walls of your communal area.

 

The low, protective hum of the temple sharpened, a low warning whisper calling out across
the dimly lit hallways. Snaking through the corridors like wavering shadows, it stretched out
from somewhere you could not see and murmured in a soundless voice of a hidden threat
slowly and inevitably descending down on you all.

 

You had no time to question it- for suddenly your creche master is at the door, her green
lightsaber already ignited and casting her stricken, fearful face with strange, dreadful
shadows. Soon you are all gathered behind her as you run your way through the temple,
through the screams and smoke and cries that seem to sing out inside of you. They cry out
alongside your own voice, choked with tears, at the horror, the futility, the inescapable fate
that had seized you all hopelessly unaware.

 

Your master is a force in herself, carving her way through the soldiers before her, all
decorated in the colors of the 501st legion. Huddled beside your friends you watch as her
weapon sings out in opposition, against the tragedy that befell you all, slicing through her
opponents in a desperate bid to fight off the inevitable.

 

Yet it was only that- a fate that drew darkly against you all, the strings pulled by an
unimaginable dark force that had lurked in the shadows all this time. As you witness it takes
the lives of your family- of the friend who held your hand during your attempted escape, of



the young boy just a year older than you that pushes you to safety, of your master kneeling
over the form of a fallen clone with her lightsaber embedded in his chest and with her last
breath pleading with you to flee.

 

So you do, tiny legs pumping under you and yet feeling for all the world like you are moving
through water, your flight a hopeless endeavor. As fast as you can sprint, the force racing
alongside you in a screech of peril, you bolt away from the classmates you had been raised
alongside, trained and played and learned with. Without a moment's hesitation you flee,
desperately trying to save yourself.

 

You don't know how you make it to one of the grand halls at the back of the temple, weaving
around blaster fire and fallen bodies, their eyes still staring up into the ceaseless heavens. A
shadow, deep and dark and unrelenting, propels you forward, and you know that the moment
you are ensnared by its void would be the moment your heartbeat would echo out one final
time in a choked, helpless plea.

 

Smoke clings to your form like a shroud, burning hot against your back from an unknown
source. A fire somewhere burns brightly, and yet seems to darken the edges of your
awareness all at once, consuming them along the lives of your friends and family, their voices
to never speak again.

 

So, you stand, with the fire at your back, the acrid smell of death clogging your nose and
throat, and the screams of the already dead haunting you for the remainder of your short,
tragic life ahead of you. A mere child, innocent and cut down for a crime that had never
existed.

 

With the flames at your back casting a hazy, orange glow around your form, figures rush past
you to their inevitable doom. There you watch the scene before you, as shapes and obscured
figures of your teachers, friends, family move past you, around you, through you. You stand,
transfixed by their forms running, jolting backwards horribly as they are cut down by blaster
fire.

 

You can’t concentrate, can't move. Your lungs burn with the smoke and ash, hair ruffled by
the blazing heat of the flames as you witness the utter destruction of what lay around you.

 



Still, more try to make their way forward to avoid the all-consuming rage of the inferno
behind you. None try to drag your small form forward with them, too focused on trying to
save themselves. One taller individual, a padawan on the brink of knighthood, uses your
shoulder to push himself forward. His lightsaber ignites as he stumbles not to escape, but to
defend those who tried to flee the devastation around you, even as blood spills from his
wounds onto the tiled floor beneath your feet. His hand leaves a bloody stain across your
clothes. You barely even notice, eyes remaining locked on his form vanishing ahead of you,
the flames behind you licking at the hem of your clothes.

 

Heat, the scorch of it threatening to devour you whole. With it came the great roar of an
uncontrolled blaze, a world-ravaging inferno that wished to take you and burn you to ash. All
around you are the screams of those hurt, those shrieking for aid, the whimpers of the dying
coalescing into a bloody shriek that seems to shake the stars themselves.

 

There's nothing you can do.

 

You are powerless against this tragedy, a small form lost in a grand game of destiny, with
those that orchestrated it not knowing you were ever alive at all.

 

The dreams you had dreamt here in this place, of growing proud and strong alongside the
other children, of becoming something greater than what you are now are all in vain. They
too push past you, blurry and hazy shapes like phantoms.

 

Then, as the screams before you begin to die and the blaster fire sings out into silence, you
see him.

 

You think for a moment he's there to save you, clothed in the same robes of the fallen masters
around you, the blue of his lightsaber a sharp contrast to the vibrant red haze of the flames at
your back. Yet then you see the clones beside him, how they don't shoot him down like your
friends and family, how they hover silently behind him. You see how the darkness clings to
him as if he is its master and you know-

 

You run back towards the flames that threaten to devour you, leaping through them in an
effort to escape the bolts pinging off the ancient, decorated columns around you. Somehow
you ascend, climbing stairs up, upwards, as if into the sky and into the stars themselves as if
they can shield you, keep you safe.



 

Yet even there danger finds you, as you watch yet another Jedi hopelessly fend off the same
men who were supposed to be your steadfast allies. He screams at you, with your form
plastered to the wall behind him, petrified. Yet you heed his words, running, running,
knowing that it only buys you more time but does not negate the inevitable, that it was your
fate as well to die this way, your life cut short before it had even truly begun.

 

Why? You had never done anything worthy of this pain, this infinite chaos. Your days had
been peaceful ones, surrounded by your friends and allies. Even the darkest hours with them
had passed like a gentle rolling thunderstorm, with soft sunlight spilling through darkened
rainclouds after. None of it should have earned you the horrific soul defying grief that you
felt as another shot rang out, cutting off a sharp scream of terror.

 

Yet the truth of it all seems to sing a twisted orchestra within your veins, reaching into your
mind and replaying those same sensations over and over again until it echoes in a disastrous
cacophony that you can’t silence. It ingrains itself into you, into your very existence. You
know that no matter where you go, no matter how you tried, that this scene would haunt you
for the rest of your days.

 

At last, the force seemed to abandon you as you find yourself cornered against a window,
hands braced against the glass that stood between you and the abyss of the Coruscant
midnight. Before you is the one you hoped you would one day call master, her robes stained
through with blood even as she stands valiantly to defend you. Yet her form merely jolts as a
shot tears through her shoulder and her voice joins the same ones that would haunt you
forever.

 

They sing against the depths of you, ringing out in ways that you couldn’t hear, beating
against your chest like a stabbing, phantom pain. It sounds like a great cry out against the
flow of life itself, futile and inevitable against the wheels of fate. Each wail is accompanied
with the hail of blaster fire, a bright blue flash that flickered against your irises brimming
with tears.

 

A stray shot pierces the window beside you, and the glass shatters down onto your form,
feeling for all the world like hellfire- like stars raining down from the heavens to punish you
for the simple, defiant act of your own existence.

 



Yet as the window cracks, splintered like the fragments of your soul you feel yourself tilt
backwards. The rush of air cradling you for only half a moment, singing past your ears with a
sigh before gravity begins to take hold. In that moment you see her turn, that Jedi, and see
your shocked, horrified face at the moment you start to fall. Her lips part, your name a
scream that tears from her throat and sings to you as you begin to descend, further and
further, as if falling into the depths of eternity itself.

 

A single shot follows, and you know that she too was lost. Just like the rest of your family, of
your friends, of those you had always known and would know forever. They were forever
torn from you, taken by the unending wheels of fate that spun the thread of destiny.

 

You fall, and as you do you let a single wish echo out into the force itself, a single whimper
against the endless chorus of anguish that surrounds you. Blindly, you reach out for
something, anything to anchor yourself to. In that moment you are suspended in air on all
sides, hair and clothes fluttering as you descend. With the neon lights of the city all around
you, and the air rushing past you as you seem to take flight, you surrender yourself. You feel
your soul cry out against the stars hovering far above you, pleading ceaselessly to forget, to
never remember this tragedy, for one more chance at life.

 

If you could just someday be happy and live without this tragic, inevitable grief, and live in a
place where you could feel love once more, then...then maybe...

 

Maybe someday, this pain may have been worth it.

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



Chapter End Notes

Now you know the truth of that day.

Reminder to take a breath, drink water/stay hydrated, unclench your jaw, and roll your
shoulders. Further notes will be in the next chapter that will be uploaded momentarily :)



Chapter 46: Part Forty-Six: Desire
Chapter Summary

Din groaned above you, and at once you felt his warm, bare chest pressing into your
back, his hand tangled with yours, breath warm against your flesh and hips pressing
firmly into yours with every deep press of his hips into you. You tightened your fingers
against his, briefly burying your face into the pillow under you to hide a needy whimper,
that fire in you suddenly stoked so high so suddenly it bordered on being painful.

"Please don't leave me." He gasped all at once, breath hot against the nape of your nape
before he pressed his nose into the soft flesh of your throat. His fingers flexed between
yours as he snapped his hips forward again, driving deep into that part of you that made
you whimper with an unabashed desire. You could barely manage a response before
another moan tore from your throat, and you arched your back further into the bed,
allowing him to drive deeper still.

Yet his words left an ache inside you he couldn't fill, an emptiness that you knew would
never be remedied. For this moment, this infinitesimally small heartbeat against the life
force of the galaxy, you didn't have to.

Chapter Notes

If you aren't comfortable with smut I recommend you skip to the end of this chapter
after the line break

See the end of the chapter for more notes

 

 

 

 

 

 

You awoke with a scream, the sound ripping violently from your chest as you bolt straight up
in bed. The feeling of flames, of broken glass and blaster fire seemed to chase you into



reality, warping the air around you into a miasma of death and chaos. The catastrophe seemed
to cling to your skin, making your entire form convulse and shudder as you tried to find air
with which to flood your lungs.

 

The door to the room flew open loudly, and you could hear Din’s voice cry out sharply for
you, terrified at the wail you had let loose into the darkness.

 

Yet when Din’s hands found you it was all you could do to claw at him and scramble away.
Even so Din’s hands, the coarse touch of his bare skin, held you steady, anchored you down.
You whimpered at the sensation of being restrained even as you wanted so desperately to
flee. For a moment that strange gravity welled up inside you once more, threatening to
overflow despite your desperate attempts to contain it. Somehow you managed to control it,
force it downwards where it restlessly slept once more.

 

“Cuyan!” Din hissed, and you drew your eyes to him, only to scream once more. Instead of
the familiar, darkened T of Din’s visor all you could see was a different shape, one similar
and yet a poor mockery of a Mandalorian’s helmet. Your eyes traced the colors trimming
along the edge, despair welling inside you as your mind supplied the thought of 501st blue-

 

“Please.” You whimpered, vainly struggling as Din hauled you against him, cradling you
against his chest despite your exhausted squirming. “Please don’t hurt me-“

 

You could hear Din suck in a breath, the sharpness of it like a stab in the inky blackness of
the room. His form tightened against yours, and for a moment you shrank, feeling as if he
was coiling himself ready to attack you, to take your life as your entire order had theirs stolen
from them as well.

 

Yet then he released you, his touch vanishing from you abruptly. You scooted away from him,
hands and legs and feet tangling in the sheets under you. Yet as you watched Din didn’t reach
for his blaster, didn’t withdraw his vibroblade. Instead, his hands reached upwards, his form
barely visible in the darkness of the room. Carefully, his hands clung to either side of his
helmet and- with a shuddering breath- removed it from his head. You couldn’t see his face in
the darkness, but the action itself caused that desperate fear inside you to waver for a
moment, confused.

 

“Cuyan.” Din spoke again, his voice hurt, somehow pained. “It’s me. It’s Din.”



 

You froze, legs askew and hands held up in front of you as if to somehow defend yourself.
Desperately, your mind tried to comprehend, to understand the words the man before you
spoke so softly, pleading with you.

 

Yet then your mind began to calm, and the corners of the room seemed to fade away from
intricate, burning columns and into the wooded panels of the inn, the fireplace still
smoldering from the untended fire. At last, you began to realize that this was not the temple
on Coruscant, that you were not being pursued, that the only other living beings in this room
were that of a deeply sleeping child and the Mandalorian before you.

 

Din’s hands hovered between you both, reaching for you and yet deeply unsure of your
reaction- of the depth of your terror.

 

“Din-“ You spoke at last, uttering the name as if you weren’t entirely sure it was him and not
a clone trooper sent to kill you.

 

A sigh, relieved and yet deeply worried, released itself from Din’s chest. You didn’t move as
he reached for you once again, didn’t flinch as his hand came to gently encircle your wrist.

 

“That’s right.” He whispered, carefully, so carefully, scooting himself forward towards you.
You allowed the motion, still caught in the grip of anxiety but wanting that warmth from his
touch to reassure you from it, to keep you safe.

 

“I’m here.” Din spoke, his voice still choked in his throat, terrified at your own terror, at how
you had howled into the midnight as the weight of your memories had come crashing down
on you. “Cuyan, I’m here. You’re okay, you’re safe.”

 

It took you a moment, unmoving even as Din leaned you forward, drawing you into him as if
he was trying to console not you but a child, one that had awoken from a dreaded nightmare.
You allowed him to hold you, blinking as your temple came at last to rest on the metal heart
of his chest plate, in the place you had so often called home.

 



You sniffled then, the weight of a sob dragging at your throat as Din’s hand came up to your
hair, his bare fingers brushing against the strands. He didn’t speak, simply let his form soften
against you as a sanctuary, holding you away from the terror of that fateful night, of all the
things that had followed after.

 

You wept then, overcome by it all, wrapping your arms around your Mandalorian and
relishing in his embrace. With your fingers clinging to his cape you cried for the ones you
had lost, of the things you had seen, of the lives you had forced yourself to forget. Yet most
of all you cried for yourself, for the simple, heart aching tragedy of your own existence.

 

Din held you through it all, his nose buried against your hair as you sobbed into his shoulder.
He didn’t say a word, didn’t question the reason for your tears, instead offering his steady,
assured presence as a beacon in the darkness to light your way.

 

Yet for some reason that only made you weep harder, at the knowledge that Din was
comforting you despite not knowing the horrible truth engraved into your very bones. His
love for you felt unending, ceaseless as the span of space itself and for a moment you wanted
to drown in it, wanted to hide there from your own wretched fate.

 

Even there, you knew that you would have to do what you had always done, had to survive
no matter what, even if it meant leaving him behind.

 

You were a Jedi. You knew that now beyond a shadow of a doubt. Your own existence meant
you would eventually force Din to choose between his creed and his love for you. As much
as the burden of your own heartache weighed on you, as the thought of leaving him rendered
you in two, you knew you could never ever force that choice upon him.

 

Even so you clung to him, wanting to memorize every sensation of him so you could carry it
forever and ever, until the day the stars died out.

 

"Din." You whispered, the name falling from your lips breathlessly.

 

"I'm here." Din responded instantly, voice soft in your ear, breath tickling against your hair.
You shuddered at the sensation, wishing for a moment for Din to be closer, impossibly closer,



until you couldn't discern where your body ended and his began.

 

That selfish part of you that called out to him so desperately, that needed him as much as he
needed you, seized on the thought. An ache began within you then, deep and unrelenting,
stifling and pushing down the thought that you couldn't- shouldn't let yourself be swept away
by your emotions, that this would all come to an end far too soon.

 

If only you could just forget once more, as you had all that time ago. If those memories that
haunted you would subside for just a moment, to be replaced by Din's touch, his voice, his
body pressing into yours…

 

You breathed in deeply, inhaling the scent of blaster smoke and the sharp smell of iron, of
sweat and carbonite and home. Burying your face further into Din's shoulder, you felt words
at last tear from your chest, released by the sudden sharp ache of longing that dislodged them.

 

"Din." You murmured once more, as if the name alone could summon him to you across light
years, could keep him close to you forever and always.

 

You pulled back after a moment, hand smoothing down Din's arm to the cold, bare skin of his
hand. A stuttering sigh echoed past your lips as you took it, raised his palm to your face and
pressed it there against the trails of tears.

 

"Please." You whispered, opening your eyes to seek the barest hint of his silhouette in the
darkness, backlit by the glow of the twin moons hanging above the mountains.

 

"Din...please, please touch me. Make me forget." You murmured into the corner of his palm
after pressing a silent kiss there, as if the words themselves could absolve you of all guilt.

 

Din paused for a moment, as if not entirely understanding your request. Your eyes closed,
feeling that featherlight hope dangle precariously inside your chest.

 



Yet then Din's other hand raised to your face, cupping your cheeks and raising you to his
waiting lips.

 

The touch was chaste, a mere brush of your mouth against his, as if Din was hesitant to kiss
you for fear you might break all over again in his arms. Yet when you didn't, when instead
you let your head loll gently into his hand, he again bent his head to yours. This time he was
more purposeful, as if fully drinking you in like water cupped in his hands. You went to him
willingly, tilting your head and allowing yourself to deepen the kiss. Din's breath stuttered
against your lips, wound tightly in his chest, hopeful and sincere.

 

You ached.

 

How long you had wanted this, to let Din kiss you as tenderly as the day he had asked you to
stay with him, as if he was confessing his love for you for the first time. Here, drinking in his
breath, his scent, drowning yourself in him, you could for just a moment forget everything
that haunted you.

 

Here, you could ignore that you would have to leave him.

 

Again, tears spilled from your eyes, silent and sparkling in the moonlight. They ran down
your cheeks in rivulets to drip over Din's bare fingers, making him pause and pull away from
you. He braced his forehead against yours, taking in that breath in a silent gesture of
affection. Yet your breath felt stuck in your throat with a sob, full of guilt, love, and hope all
at once, all of it too much to carry within you.

 

Din's thumb smoothed over a tear against your face, and the gesture made a shivering sigh
bubble up your chest.

 

"Are you sure you want this?" Din asked, voice a mere murmur in the scarce space between
you. "We...I can stop."

 

You shook your head abruptly, nearly dislodging Din's gentle grasp in the process.

 



"No." You whispered. Yet Din didn't relent at the word alone, his breath pouring past his lips
between you and mixing with your own in a warm mist.

 

"Please. I  want this." You forced at last, voice choked and cracked as you stifled a sob. As
you spoke you smoothed a hand over his chest plate, as if Din could feel the caress through
the beskar. Din's ungloved hand came to hesitantly cover your own, hovering just above his
heart where your palm lay. You swore you could feel a flutter there, a steady rhythm that sang
through the air between you, alighting the back of your senses in a dull wash of awareness.

 

You swallowed hard, knowing that the force clung to you even now, had once again found a
home within you and extended that strange cognizance of yours even further. It was a solemn
reminder of the bare truth of your own existence, one you wished so desperately to forget
once more, even for just a fleeting moment.

 

So again, you forced your voice from your chest, words soft and pleading in the midnight
silence between you and your Mandalorian.

 

"I need you, Din."

 

Din stiffened, muscles coiling under your touch like a bow held taut. He didn't speak, breath
stuttering into silence in the darkness as it stifled in his chest. The gentle touch of his hand
upon yours froze for a moment, before at last clenching in a quiet gesture that spoke of Din's
surrender, his need for you just as great as yours for him

 

The hand at your cheek slid to the back of your head, cupping your nape and pressing you
back into Din's waiting lips. You sighed, and Din drank it in as if it were fresh spring water.
His body relaxed against yours, going soft at your form pressing closer to him, at you, always
you, beautiful and lovely for him always.

 

"Mesh'la." Din murmured against the corner of your mouth in the darkness, voice sounding
almost reverent with the word, as if you were something holy and he was but a sinner.

 

He surged into you then, lips seizing yours and turning the touch to something more than a
quiet affection. You gasped at that, and for a moment you thought Din would draw away at



the sound. Yet instead, he seemed to relish it, a sigh pouring from his lips just a moment
before dizzyingly kissing you once more.

 

The hand that had hovered over yours now drifted away, instead reaching for you and
dragging you closer by your waist until your front was nearly flush with his. Yet then it
roamed upwards, pausing and fiddling with the hem of your shirt as if unsure on how to
continue.

 

"Please." You gasped at him, breaking contact to utter the word. Your carefully took his hand,
warm to the touch, and brought it upwards, between your two bodies. There you settled it
over the swell of your breast, letting Din's fingers splay across it through the thin material of
your shirt.

 

You hummed in approval, and then bit back a small groan as Din experimentally began to roll
your breast under his hand, feeling the weight of it in his palm.

 

He dipped his head then, tracing his mouth down the corner of your jaw towards your
collarbone and setting a rumble of his chest there, letting it reverberate against your form.

 

Yet then his mouth rose just an inch, pressing a fluttering touch against the bare skin just
under your throat. You sighed, the air ragged as it echoed into the darkness.

 

"You're...so beautiful." Din whispered there, breathing in deeply the smell of your scent.
"I've...wanted to touch you for so long, Cuyan."

 

Your face fell at Din's words, and for a moment you were grateful for the cover of darkness to
mask the flash of guilt and regret that passed across your face. You tried to summon a reply,
but instead a small cry rose high in your throat as Din nipped at the sensitive skin of your
neck. It sent sparks scattering through your limbs, further awakening the want, the need
inside you.

 

Din dragged you closer, touch strong against you but still somehow tender, as if he was afraid
somehow he might break you. You practically sat on his lap now, tucked between his legs



halfway on and off the bed, cradled there with one of his hands against the small of your
back.

 

"Din." You managed suddenly, one hand securing itself to his back, landing where the
fastenings of his cuirass came together. "This. Off....please."

 

Din growled a low sound against your neck at your request, but at last leaned back and made
his touch vanish from you completely. You bit back a small sound of protest despite the fact
that you were the one to request he shed his armor. The bed shifted under his weight as he
leaned back, and you could hear the tell-tale sound of cloth rustling as Din fumbled for the
clasps of his armor. Under his breath you heard him mutter a curse, the sound for once not
muffled by the filter of his helmet.

 

You reached for him then, hands seeking him in the darkness. Gently, they brushed the
outline of his form, and you felt Din still at the contact, sucking in a breath at the mere
gesture of you touching him. Even so, your hands did not pause as they wrapped around him,
using the anchor of his body to pull yourself closer, fingers seeking the seam of his chest
piece.

 

You found it a moment later, grasping the clasps and listening to the sound of them falling
loose under your touch. Din shifted, and after a moment his hands found yours, assisting in
discarding his chest plate alongside the cape and belt he had already tugged off. Free now of
that and his gloves, Din was left only with his flight suit, the rough fabric clinging to his
form. Gingerly, you placed a hand on his chest, startled to find it rising and falling heavily
with each breath. You could only dare to imagine what Din's face looked like right now, of
his pupils blown wide and eyes half lidded, mouth firmly closed so as to not let his ragged
breath pour out into the darkness.

 

"I want to feel you." You whispered, knowing you couldn't dare to ask to see him, knowing
the violation of his creed and yet selfishly wanting it despite. "All of you, Din."

 

Din sucked in a breath, muttering something that sounded like Mando ‘a to your untrained
ears. You felt him move quickly now, feeling him shift and stand with a flurry of movement,
shucking his boots and bracers, followed quickly by his undershirt. You took the opportunity
to shed your undershirt and breast wrap. After a moment's hesitation, you carefully peeled
away your bottoms as well, face warming at the dampness that brushed over your fingers as
you did. They fluttered to the floor beside the loose heap of clothing from Din. Shivering



against the cold you dragged a blanket closer to you, using it as warmth just as much as an
excuse to bashfully shield yourself from what little Din could see of you.

 

You could trace the outline of him in the moonlight, could see the barest hint of his form.
Unrestrained, you let your eyes roam over what little you could see, of the width of his
shoulders and slope of his neck, down to the vague silhouette of his hips as he clumsily rid
himself of his flight suit.

 

He stood there for a moment, chest heaving, broad frame backlit by the barest hint of
moonlight and the hazy orange glow of dying embers in the fireplace. In the dimness you
could hazily make out the sloping panes of his face, and you tried to commit them to
memory, tried to engrave them in your chest, knowing there would soon come a time where
you would never see them again.

 

A touch under your chin brought the thought to a halt, sent it slithering into silence as you
felt your face tilted, as if somehow you could peer into Din's eyes through the veil of
darkness. The Mando wedged himself between your open legs as they dangled off the bed,
the warmth of his thighs pressing against the inside of your legs. You felt a knee briefly ghost
over the apex of your thighs.

 

You shivered.

 

You expected Din to speak, to utter some affection that would doubtlessly curl inside your
chest and fester there out of guilt. Yet Din was oddly silent for a moment, as if lost in
thought. In that silence you felt a thumb swipe over your bottom lip, smoothing over the
wetness left there from his previous attentions.

 

"Cuyan." Din murmured, and Gods how it made your heart clench with the way he spoke it,
soft and tender and full of adoration for the person that was you, even if he didn't know the
truth of it all.

 

"I need to know you want this." Din murmured, the words so quiet you could barely hear
them. You felt your eyes close, knowing Din asked the words again only because of your
earlier actions- of how you had pushed him away despite wanting him to stay, of your strange
and irrational behavior caused by the fear of rejection from him.



 

Even now you felt the itch inside you, felt the urge to draw this tender encounter to a close, to
again conceal yourself in your own doubts and hide yourself from him, as if it could shield
the truth of your existence from his heart.

 

Yet that selfish part of you, the part that knew this would be so much easier if you shut Din
out but wanted instead to drag him closer- refused to entertain such a thought.

 

Here, now, in this moment, there was nothing else you needed other than him.

 

"I love you Din." You whispered, voice low so he wouldn't hear the tears, the crack in your
throat from the weight of your own emotion. "I do, so please..."

 

You didn't have to say anything further, for Din's hands were pressing you backwards, into
the mattress, a firm hand lifting your legs onto the soft surface until you were splayed out like
some fallen angel. One of his large, calloused hands came to grip your wrist, bring it up near
your head as Din climbed over you. His shape came to hover over yours, the breadth of his
shoulders blotting out what little light was left from the embers of the fire.

 

You could feel your heartbeat rising rapidly now, no doubt fluttering against Din's fingers on
the inside of your wrist. Your eyes tried to seek him in the darkness, failing until at last you
surrendered, closing your eyes and letting the sense of his touch sweep you out to sea.

 

Din bent over you using the arm holding your wrist to brace himself, nose trailing over the
soft skin beneath your jaw and drinking in the scent there. The coarse hair of his mustache
traced over your skin, and you suppressed a small wiggle of ticklishness at the feeling.

 

"Mesh'la." He murmured there against the exposed flesh of your throat, the words fluttering
against your skin just like your stammering heartbeat.

 

You hummed a low noise in your throat, your free hand reaching up to tangle itself in his
hair, soft against your fingers. Yet then it dipped lower, to the broad skin of his back, fingers
tracing over his bare shoulder blades until he shuddered.



 

Din's other hand slid up your stomach, trailing a feather light touch against your ribs. You
suppressed a shiver at the touch but could not contain the small gasp as Din's hand trailed up
your abdomen as if mapping constellations, fingers brushing over every plane and ridge of
your exposed skin.

 

"You're so soft." He marveled, as if touching some strange, exotic creature. "So warm..."

 

You couldn't gasp out a response, for Din was suddenly rolling one of your breasts beneath
his palm, fingers tweaking your nipple and making a high sound erupt from your throat. He
captured it there, lips fastening against yours and drinking in the shuddering gasp that
escaped you.

 

A heat was blossoming between your thighs now, a deep unrelenting desire that refused to be
tamed. You could feel it with a slip of your legs caged between Din's muscled frame, could
feel the slickness there that now had begun to coat the inside of your thighs. Yet beyond that
lay an ache, and emptiness begging to be filled, and to be filled by him alone.

 

"Din." You whimpered, and he groaned against you at that, at the unfiltered neediness in your
voice. "Need you, please-"

 

Din's hand vanished from your chest, only to reappear a split second later between your legs.
You bucked against his touch, the hand on his back curling against his skin as if you could
somehow cling to him.

 

Din's fingers swiped through the wetness of your folds, and the growl that echoed in his chest
made you clench around nothing, made you jerk against his seeking touch.

 

"You're so wet, cyar'ika." Din murmured, breaking away from you and gently resting his
forehead against yours. "I've barely even touched you yet."

 

You could barely stammer a response, the only sound leaving you being that of a sharp gasp
as Din's fingers delved back into you. They gathered wetness between the tips, raking it in



small circles around your entrance but never coming close enough to venture inside.
Unconsciously you pushed your hips further against Din's hand, only for it to jut out of reach
as he took his time to savor the feeling of you. Yet you couldn't complain, not as Din's thumb
came to press down on your clit, making you automatically jerk your legs in response. Din
gasped quietly at your reaction, and the sound only managed to further stoke your desire,
flesh warming and face scrunching in pleasure.

 

"You can't stop moving." Din remarked, voice low and rumbling in his chest. You arched as
his thumb swiped against you again, a keen rising high at the back of your mouth. "Am I
going to have to keep you still?"

 

You almost wished he would, wished he would force you to take whatever he was giving you,
wanted to surrender to him all that you were and more. Yet for now you wanted to be good,
wanted to feel him, wanted him, all of him, now and forever.

 

"Good girl." Din purred as you forced your hips to stop jerking under his touch. That sent a
trill through you, sparks dancing along your spine like an intricate waltz. Yet when a
slickened finger breached your entrance you couldn't stop a shuddering exhale breathing out
into the space between you.

 

"Does it feel good, Mesh’la?" Din asked, fingers flexing around the captured wrist by your
head. You nodded, turning your face into the pillow and letting your stuttering sigh echo
there with a desperate "Yes."

 

Din gave several, slow pumps of his finger, feeling you flutter and flex around him and
relishing in the sensation. Yet it wasn’t enough, wasn’t nearly enough, and once more you
groaned out a plea to the Mandalorian above you.

 

 "Din." You gasped, voice choked in your throat. "More-"

 

You didn't even finish the word before a second finger slipped inside along the first, making
you arch and drive them deeper, further into you.

 



"So good for me, Cuyan." Din praised, and the words seemed to settle against your skin like
glitter dust, sparkling and shimmering. "Always so good to me.”

 

Din was moving his hand in earnest now, and you couldn't contain the small murmur of
embarrassment at the sound of your slick slurping against his touch. With each push and curl
of his fingers Din coaxed that flame inside you to grow, drawing it from kindling into a heat
that pooled low through your belly. Yet it did nothing to quell the emptiness inside you. As
content as Din seemed to be to simply spread you open with his fingers and watch you fall
apart, you needed more than that.

 

The hand that had now begun to dig crescent moons into your Mandalorian's back now
reached between your forms, grasping downwards to the V of Din's groin. Yet just as your
fingers brushed over the leaking head of Din's member his hand caught yours, his slickened
fingers curling over the soft skin of your wrist.

 

"I-" You stammered, heartbeat too fast, breath caught in your throat, pleasure still curling
outwards from where Din had pulled his fingers from your tight heat. "Please, I need you
inside-"

 

Embarrassment rose warmly against your face, and for a moment you were grateful Din
couldn't see the utter depravity on your expression with your eyes lidded, lips slightly
swollen, pupils blown wide with lust. You whined, clenching around nothing as Din's fingers
flexed against your wrist, trying and failing to summon the words to ask for what you
wanted.

 

Yet Din didn't respond, gazing down at you through the darkness in silence as he awaited you
to ask- to plead with him for what you needed.

 

You swallowed back the panting gasp that rose inside you, turning your face from the pillow
to gaze up to where you thought his eyes might be.

 

"I-I need y-you inside me Din." You pleaded, practically begged, your voice hinging on utter
despair as you waited impatiently for him to take what he wanted, to fulfill his pleasure as
much as he fulfilled yours. “Please.”

 



Din sucked in a sharp breath, the grip on your wrist almost bruising with its intensity. Yet he
released it at last, and your hand fell between you, reaching down and fumbling for that
which you could not see, fingers brushing over his stiff member.

 

Gods you thought silently to yourself. Din was...large.

 

You managed to secure your hand around him, reaching as you were, and the motion brought
your shoulders off the bed, nose brushing against his as you stretched downwards. Din
groaned into your waiting mouth as you gave him several tentative pumps of your hand,
feeling him jerk against your touch.

 

Yet soon you found your hand brushed aside, and Din reached in the darkness for the
slickened folds on your entrance, slotting the head of his cock there. You gasped at the
contact, knowing it would be a stretch to accommodate him but wanting him despite, wanting
him to carve you open to lay a piece of himself there, remaining forever engraved into you.

 

You yelped as Din began to spear you open, and immediately he stilled, form tense and
frozen above you. Yet before he could question the sound your hand raised to tangle itself in
his hair, pressing him down against your mouth so you could breathe a shuddering exhale
against his waiting lips.

 

That seemed to be all the signal he needed, for you felt him breach you once more, slowly
sinking inch by inch of himself into your heat, stretching you around him as your walls
fluttered helplessly at the sensation. Din groaned, low and heady against you, unable to
contain the desperate sound of his pleasure even as you clung to him, breathing through the
pinch of the stretch and forcing yourself to relax.

 

"Cuyan."  Din breathed, the sound choked high in his throat, barely uttered against the
stifling wave of pleasure that washed over him. You relished the sound, listening to his
shuddering exhales as he slowly sheathed himself in you, careful not to move too quickly so
as to hurt you.

 

For a moment it did hurt, did strain against what you could tolerate, the burn inside you
painful and delicious all at once. Yet eventually Din bottomed out, his breath releasing with a
sigh as you tried to adjust to the width of him, to how you felt so completely, utterly full of



him and yet somehow wanting more, wanting him to remain there and never leave, to never
be separated from him, not ever again.

 

Eventually you gave a small, subtle shift of your hips, and both of you couldn't contain the
sound that mixed together between you, wanting and open and needing every part of each
other all at once. You did so again, relishing how Din's cock dragged against something
within you that seemed to light your skin on fire, made stars bloom behind your eyes in the
darkness.

 

"M-Mesh’la." Din groaned, his former bravado lost now that he was seated inside you, fully
engorged in your tight, wet heat. "Cuyan..."

 

Then he began to move, listening to your voice rising high in your throat as he gave a
shallow thrust of his hips, the motion slow and languid as if he wanted to savor you, ingrain
every sensation of you deep into his bones.

 

It only took him only moments to set a pace, the gentle rock of his hips giving into something
more carnal, needy as he seemed to make your breath rise in your chest with every
movement. You reached for him, securing an arm behind his neck as if to anchor yourself
there against the tide of your desire. Yet you lay yourself open for him, for him to take from
you as much as he would give, each heartbeat of his punctuated by a slow, aching thrust
within you.

 

And, inside, you felt your heart break against it all, against the selfishness of this desire you
had for him. If you could stay like this forever, his warm form bent over yours, pleasure
blooming between you both- born out of desire but also desperation- then perhaps the pain
would be worth it all. The pain of the truth, of your past, of the raw exposure of your identity
and the inevitably that you would have to leave him-

 

Din shifted with his next thrust as you moaned, a wanton sound that rose to the rafters of the
room and past it, to the heavens far above. You wish you could capture it, could forever
engrave the sensation of Din's breath hot against your cold flesh, of him cleaving you open
just as you had to him, forcing your way into his heart- forever to remain.

 

With each thrust you felt that fire within you blossom, grow from a small flickering flame
into something that burned brighter still, coloring the darkness before you into a saturated



haze of aphrodisia.

 

Din too, seemed to feel the same, his grip on your arm near your head digging harder into
you with each stroke. It felt as if he wanted to bury himself alive within you, succumb to the
sin of your flesh with your whisper of his name as his temptation. His breath was heavy now,
sinking into the junction of your neck and shoulder and scalding your skin with each and
every heartbeat.

 

You let yourself be lost in it, in this carnal desire you had waited so long for, since the day he
had whispered that confession to you on a night such as this, unable to see his face but
feeling his love all the same. You could feel his love for you with every shuddering exhale,
every jut of his hips inside you that made your own breath tear loose from your throat in a
high whine of desire.

 

You didn't expect Din's touch to vanish from you all at once. He slipped from you, leaning
back and releasing his grip on you. Wordlessly, you reached for him, the ache of his absence
between your thighs all too tender. Yet you didn't even manage to whine his name before you
felt your hips seized, felt yourself flipped over onto your stomach.

 

A cry tore from your throat as Din filled you once again, this new angle allowing him to
reach further within you than you had thought possible.

 

"Shhh." Din hushed into your hair, pressing you down further into the mattress and reaching
up to tangle his fingers with yours. "I've got you, you're okay." For a moment he stilled,
pressing his full weight down on you and pinning you there as he stretched to trace his lips
against the shell of your ear.

 

You shuddered.

 

"Mesh'la." He murmured there, voice breathless. "Am I hurting you? Should I stop?"

 

"No." You responded instantly, twisting an arm behind you to try and pet at his hair despite
the awkward angle. "No, Din, please don't stop. I-" Your voice was cut off with a languid
moan as Din rocked into you, listening to the sound that fell from your lips.



 

"Cuyan." He breathed, the name followed with a press of his lips to the exposed skin of your
nape. "Beautiful Cuyan."

 

You didn't manage to gather a response before Din was lifting himself off of you again and
slowly resuming the pace he had set. He was trying to be gentle, you knew, but you almost
wish he wouldn't, that he would instead manage to press you further into the mattress, drag
your hips up to his and carve himself into you, defile you so basely you wouldn't be able to
remember your own name, or ever forget his.

 

Yet instead, Din was careful, offering a slow languid roll of his hips as if savoring you, trying
to embed the memory of your flesh against his.

 

"Harder." You managed, voice hoarse, and though Din paused for a moment, he then seemed
pleased to oblige, rewarding your insistence with a sharp jab of his hips that had stars
blooming behind your eyes. A whimper bubbled up your throat, and you pressed it into the
pillow under your cheek, burying your face there. You wanted it to hurt, wanted that pain to
drown out the pain of memory, of the future, instead dragging you back to the here and now
where you and Din faded at the edges into each other as one.

 

Din's restraint wore thin quickly, for soon the gentle roll of his hips devolved into something
sharper, more primitive. His pace increased, cock delving deep into you and stretching you
open under him. You took it despite the small smart of pain present still. Each thrust of his
hips drew a moan from you, the drag of him within you so much more preferable than the
pain of the truth, of your past, of the inevitable future in which you would doubtlessly be
alone once more.

 

Din groaned above you, and at once you felt his warm, bare chest pressing into your back, his
hand tangled with yours, breath warm against your flesh and hips pressing firmly into yours
with every deep press of his hips into you. You tightened your fingers against his, briefly
burying your face into the pillow under you to hide a needy whimper, that fire in you
suddenly stoked so high so suddenly it bordered on being painful.

 

"Please don't leave me." He gasped all at once, breath hot against the nape of your nape
before he pressed his nose into the soft flesh of your throat. His fingers flexed between yours
as he snapped his hips forward again, driving deep into that part of you that made you



whimper with an unabashed desire. You could barely manage a response before another moan
tore from your throat, and you arched your back further into the bed, allowing him to drive
deeper still.

 

Yet his words left an ache inside you he couldn't fill, an emptiness that you knew would never
be remedied. For this moment, this infinitesimally small heartbeat against the life force of the
galaxy, you didn't have to.

 

Instead, you groaned his name, Din, like it was a prayer upwards to the heavens for this
moment to last just a second longer, for the feeling of Din between your legs, his warm skin
pressed against you, his form weighing you down like an anchor.

 

"Again." Din gasped in your ear, and there you heard a sound that felt almost hopeless. "Say
my name again. Please."

 

"Din." You echoed readily, relishing the sound as it tickled across your tongue, the name of
your protector, your partner, your lover, your beloved. "Din!"

 

Din groaned, the sound rumbling deep in his chest like a purr. It made your toes curl and a
line of electricity jolt down to the junction where you and Din met. As if on cue Din gave a
particularly forceful thrust of his hips, and the motion of it bubbled up your throat in an
aching cry of pleasure.

 

"So good to me." Din whispered between gasps. "So perfect."

 

You again buried your face in the pillow, as if it could hide your tears.

 

Yet you could feel your climax bubbling within you, blooming just like those fragrant flowers
on Rishi, in the alcove Din had guided you to.

 

"Pretty." He had told you then, voice hesitant but sincere. Now that same voice echoed
praises above you in an endless litany, whispering words of perfect, beautiful, lovely,



Mesh'la...

 

You tensed around Din as the cataclysm of your orgasm neared, and for a heartbeat you
wished it wouldn't- that you would stave off the inevitable conclusion to this tragedy and
instead remain here, with Din’s weight pressed don on top of you, both of your heartbeats
singing against each other in the dark as you desperately tried to find each other despite being
so very, very close.

 

"Please don't ever leave me." Din gasped again, and you felt yourself shatter from the inside
out, the feeling blooming below your stomach and extending in all directions, the fractures
reaching outwards into something beautiful, intangible.

 

You came with a cry, arching up into him and feeling your muscles go taut like a bow, that
release spilling from within you to every inch of your form like a cup overflowing. Din
shushed you as he rocked you through it, his thrusts shallow and slow. That tension at last
raced up to your chest, where it coiled and then released with a shuddering gasp. All the
while Din's nose buried into your skin, lips tracing over your shoulder and teeth grazing the
bruise he had left there.

 

"I've got you." Din murmured again as your toes curled, your orgasm feeling overwhelming
and seemingly never ending. A shudder ran through you, making you nearly jerk against
Din's broader form from the force of it all. You felt yourself spasm around him, seizing
around his length as your muscles fluttered and contracted from your climax.

 

Yet before you could finally come down from it Din braced his forehead against your
shoulder with a grunt, giving a brief series of thrusts, each punctuated with a small, breathy
gasp from you until at last you felt him spill inside you, a warmth flooding you below your
stomach.

 

Din growled in your ear, the sound primal and savage all at once and it coaxed another burst
of sparks from within you, the abruptness of which seemed to tug a sharp ache in your
muscles.

 

At last, your arms could no longer support your weight, body trembling with the aftershocks,
you collapsed suddenly onto the mattress beneath you, Din's form following close behind and
smothering you from above.



 

You buried your face into the pillow below you, afraid that despite the darkness Din would
somehow see the tears that flooded your eyes. You kept a sob stifled deep inside your chest,
instead trying to bask in the pleasant remains of your orgasm, bitter as the sensation was.

 

Din shifted, his arms still secured tightly around you as he tried and failed to regain his
breath. Beneath him, you too tried to compose yourself- not only from your coupling but
from the despair, the guilt that accompanied it.

 

After what felt like hours, but must have only been heartbeats, Din carefully drew back from
you. You couldn't contain the small, stifled cry at the ache his absence left behind, shuddering
even as he pressed a kiss between your shoulders.

 

You felt yourself tugged into his arms as he rolled to the side, pressing you against his chest
and keeping you there. You shivered- from the cold, from your own inner conflict, you
weren't sure. Yet it drove you closer into Din's embrace, legs tangling with his even as you
felt his spend drip between your thighs.

 

Din sighed, the air tickling the top of your head as he buried his nose there, eyes staring into
the darkness.

 

"Ni kar'tayl gar darasuum." Din whispered, and you recognized the words from his
confession on Coruscant, of his tentative voice back then, so hesitant to tell you of his love.
Yet you had echoed your own confession back to him, had felt his lips brush against yours in
an oath- a promise to stay by your side.

 

"I will know you forever." The words meant, and it only served to render your heart in two,
splintering at the seams. The thought that Din would remember you long after this, after you
saved yourself the heartbreak of his rejection by leaving him-

 

It was more than you could bear.

 



"I love you." You whispered back, voice choked full of tears as you curled yourself against
him, trying to remember every ridge of muscle, every silvery scar, every sensation of him that
you would carry forever and ever. "I will always love you."

 

Din tucked your closer to him, as if the motion itself could keep you from slipping through
his fingers like mist- there for the briefest of moments to let the radiance of the sunshine
through before burning out like a supernova. You could almost feel those same words bubble
within him once more- that plea for you to stay, to not vanish from his side despite not
knowing what you were.

 

Silently, your tears wet your cheeks in the darkness, glimmering like the last remains of your
hope.

 

----

 

You awoke the next morning before Din, his form still wrapped around you as if it could
protect you from the worries of the world. You wanted to remain there, to be lulled back to
sleep by the sounds of his quiet, even breaths. It was still dark, but even so you could begin to
make out the outline of Din's form in the near morning light.

 

You knew you shouldn't, should avert your eyes according to Din's creed. Yet you found
yourself unable to, knowing it would be the only time you would ever receive the chance of
seeing the face of your lover. You felt your chest clench painfully, gaze ghosting over the
outline of his dark curls, of his thick eyebrows and plump lips parted in sleep. You could see
a trail of hair that began at his chest and descended downwards, past the sheets to where you
could not see.

 

He was...beautiful. His features were somewhat soft, the curve of his nose sloped sharply in
contrast to the rest of his face. You could clearly imagine the expression he made when he
was angry, when he was afraid, when there was an ever-present danger. Yet there was also
something about his slackened expression in sleep that spoke of a tenderness, an affection
you had never known until meeting him.

 

In that moment, you could see it clearly, the emotion cast across his face when he whispered
he loved you.



 

Din remained unaware as you peeled yourself from him, carefully extracted yourself from his
embrace. Exhausted as he was, he merely murmured something that sounded akin to your
name before stilling once more. That alone threatened to crumple you, send you diving back
into his arms, crying for all you were worth, and for the things you weren't.

 

Yet you remained steadfast, carefully collecting your garments from the floor and sneaking
off to the fresher. There you scrubbed away any remains of your coupling despite wanting the
feeling to remain, of Din's evidence on you like a claim.

 

Din was still asleep as you came out fully dressed, his arms still reaching for you in sleep.
The sight threatened to crack you from the inside out. Yet instead, you padded silently over to
his form, resting yourself across the soft mattress where you two had made love to each other.

 

There, you pressed a kiss into his sleeping mouth, relishing the scent and taste of him one last
time.

 

"Thank you" You whispered there, feeling a part of you shatter and remain there, lain across
his serene, sleeping form. "For loving me."

 

And then you gathered yourself, collected the items that belonged to you before padding to
the door, but not before kneeling beside Grogu's closed bassinet, pressing your forehead there
as Din would, bestowing a helmeted kiss upon the sleeping child.

 

"I'm sorry, little one." You murmured, feeling your heart break in half not for the last time.
"I'm sorry I couldn't stay."

 

You rose, looking back one last time at the sleeping Mandalorian in the bed behind you, at his
gently resting form, unaware of the horrible truth of your own existence, not knowing of the
decision it brought down upon him.

 

"Ni kar'tayl gar darasuum." You murmured, echoing the same words he had whispered
against your skin the night before, engraving them forever in your memory.



 

Silently, you opened the door to the outside world, let it close behind you with a definitive
clunk, the sound a bookend to the only time in your life where you had ever been truly happy.

 

 

 

 

 

Chapter End Notes

Please don't hate me

Actually it's fine if you do tbh. I don't blame you.

We aren't done with this arc yet. There's still more to come, including some hints as to
exactly why Gideon is hunting our survivor. Despite that I promise there will be a happy
ending, that all will be resolved in due time. Hopefully you all don't kill me before then-
and if you do? Fair.

Don't forget to follow me at sprout-fics.tumblr.com!



Chapter 47: Part Forty Seven: Turn Back
Chapter Summary

He was such a fool.

He should have left you on Coruscant, he should have dropped you off in one of the
Core worlds, he should have never asked you to stay, should never have even let you
climb aboard all that time ago. Perhaps, if he had never loved you at all, then this pain,
this agony wouldn't feel as if it was splitting him in two, wouldn't stay with him for all
his years to come.

"Cuyan." Din whispered, but the name was choked, throat too tight to speak.

He had loved you despite himself. He had loved everything about you- the way your
brow scrunched in sleep, the way you fidgeted when toying with one of your projects,
the way you always reached for him so gently, with such tender care and concern. He
had loved your kindness in a world that was rarely kind, had loved the light in your eyes
that seemed to glimmer like the stars themselves. He had loved you, always you,
nothing but you, a stray shooting star that he had caught with open hands, bright and
dazzling and his, just as much as he was yours.

Chapter Notes

TW for: Forced abduction

See the end of the chapter for more notes

 

 

 

You weren't cold anymore.

 

Despite donning only a jacket atop your usual clothes, the frigid chill of the mountainside
seemed to not reach you as you trekked away from the inn, from Grogu, and from Din. The
iciness of your own actions seemed colder than the snow ensconced landscape around you,
dyed in soft pastel pinks and purples in the burgeoning light of approaching sunrise. With



each footstep you heard frost crunch under your boots and watched your breath curl up and
away, dissipating into the dawn.

 

Your path wove through the center of the small village that the inn had been located in,
tucked away at the end of a winding, knobby road full of broken stones. It consisted of a
loose collection of houses and buildings, all thatched down to prevent the frost from creeping
inside. Smoke wafted from chimneys, and if the cold hadn’t frozen the air around you, you
could have almost smelled woodsmoke.

 

No one was out at this early hour. You could see figures lurking in windows at the edge of
your vision, either tucking themselves into many layers to keep out the chill of the day or
pausing to regard the single, lonely figure wandering the empty street to the village gates,
where the Razorcrest loomed over a small corral of machinery and carts. The metal paneling
gleamed in the sunlight, glinting with the earliest rays of sun.

 

You didn't take a moment to admire it, however. Instead, you shuffled urgently forward,
clasping your jacket around you more in a gesture of self-soothing than to keep yourself
warm. Your heart seemed the thrum too loudly in your chest, the only sound on an otherwise
silent morning aside from the whistle of wind on the mountainside.

 

A part of you couldn't help but fear Din was already awake and had already discovered your
absence. At any moment you might hear his voice ring out from behind you as he scrambled
to catch up to you, cornering you and forcing you to admit to all that you longed to keep
hidden. Not that you had given yourself much of a head start, trying to keep ahead of him.
All the more reason to gather what few belongings you had on the Razorcrest and find a way
to get off planet.

 

Anything to put as much distance between you and him. Anything.

 

Din had left the ramp closed, but even so with frigid fingers you managed to punch in the
code he had taught you, the star date he had found Grogu. The ramp creaked open, groaning
in the cold, and the sound alone had you looking back down the path to see if a familiar
beskar-clad figure stood in the snow. Yet you were alone, not even one of the villagers
standing to observe you as you hurried aboard and began to quickly gather anything of yours
that might prove useful. Your tool pack, your toiletries, a change or two of clothes, various
projects you had been toying with that might be worth enough credits to buy a ticket on a star
liner, and...



 

Your blaster.

 

You felt your face fall at the sight of the familiar model planted on Din's cot, as if hastily
placed there and promptly forgotten whilst he dealt with your unconscious form. You had
noticed its absence from your holster earlier, and now you cradled it in your hands, thumb
stroking softly over the chamber as an errant pang of regret stabbed through your chest.

 

Din had given you this. It was the first thing he had ever provided you with, on that nameless
moon where you had once told him your name at the start of your travels with him. It felt like
a lifetime ago now, the days and months within his presence blurring just like the light of
hyperspace. Just how long ago was it that he gave this to you? Just how long ago had you
accepted it with an oath to protect his charge, to keep Grogu safe? Just how long had it been
since Din's hands had settled on yours, firmly directed your aim as his voice murmured in
what had then been such a near proximity that it left you nearly dizzy with the after-effects?

 

You closed your eyes, forcing yourself to breathe through the sob that threatened to bubble up
your throat. Exhaling shakily, you holstered the blaster again into its place at your side,
whispering a silent apology that you would only take this one thing from him. Everything
else you would leave behind, would abandon just as you would him, here on this icy world
that had managed to freeze the recesses of your heart into something untouchable.

 

You weren’t sure which was worse: the thought of being killed for what you were, or the
thought that it could be him. Worse yet was the idea that Din might simply leave you here,
abandoned on this desolate frozen land on your own, never to see him or Grogu again for all
your years.

 

You had been alone before. You knew what that was. It was reaching out in the darkness and
imagining a form there sleeping beside you, looking up from your meal and daydreaming of a
simple conversation with someone nearby. It meant sitting in the evening air as the sounds of
the city droned on around you and wishing that someone, anyone, might bump their knees
against yours, whisper your name just once.

 

It meant not having this emptiness inside of you that seemed to expand with every passing
year, every month, every day until you hoped someday someone might come fill it.

 



You had found it, the source to filling that silent longing inside you. It had been unexpected
but not unwelcome, a chance coincidence that had spiraled into something greater than
yourself, than him, than you both. This feeling between the two of you was too great to
describe, painting the world in colors you had never dreamed to imagine and bolstering you
in ways you had yet to discover.

 

With Din you had become so much more confident, so much more certain of yourself. You
had turned from a fugitive to a force to be reckoned with, and then to something that passed
as a vessel for the Force itself. You were sure if you gazed back at the person you had been
when you left Kaddak you wouldn’t even recognize your own terrified figure running,
bolting towards the barest glimpse of survival, of freedom.

 

No, you didn’t even recognize the person that came before that- the small, scared form of a
child standing amidst death and devastation, of fire and fury of an Empire that sought to
destroy all that you were. Yet that same fear still dwelled within you- the fear of death, of the
darkness that came after, of not living to a moment where you could experience unrelenting
happiness just once more.

 

Yet greater than that was the fear that the person who had given you hope again would be the
one to issue the killing blow- lest he leave you broken without him for the remainder of your
life.

 

So, to spare yourself the consequences of his own decision, you took it upon yourself to make
it for him. If it meant surviving to a day that maybe, one day, you would forget about him,
about ever meeting him, then maybe you could live without the pain of leaving him, of hating
yourself for all that you were to him.

 

Turning, you reached for your pack, but paused when something glinted in the soft overhead
light of the cargo hold. Blinking, your gaze sought out the object, brow furrowed until at last
you found it- a small, shiny thing tucked under a blanket to the back of Din's cot. Curious,
you reached for it despite yourself, fingers gently wrapping around an object smaller than
your palm.

 

You didn't realize what it was for a moment, surprised by the reflective, almost iridescent
shine of the carving, almost like beskar. After a moment, your memories supplied the feeling
of something still wet from the ocean, pressed into Din's open palm as he turned it in the
sunlight.



 

The shell.

 

You felt your lips part, surprised that he had even remember such a small trinket from your
brief time on that waterside planet. Yet more surprising was the way it had been molded,
soldered at the edges and whittled down precisely into a symbol more familiar, more sacred.

 

A mythosaur skull.

 

Again, your mind flashed back, raking over time and distance back to the same symbol you
had seen on Coruscant, graffitied on a wall, engraved on a pauldron, hoisted above a tunnel
with a guard on either side. The symbol of Mandalorian culture, an ancient and sacred
emblem that spoke for generations of warriors.

 

Your heart clenched, and again you replayed those words Din had spoken in the cockpit
above you, voice soft and touch tender.

 

"I...wanted to make you something out of it." He said at last, voice tinted with a small rasp.
"If you'd let me."

 

You blinked, watching him fidget with the shell for a moment before finding your voice:

 

"What will you make?"

 

Din glanced up at you, holding your gaze. You tried to envision his eyes underneath: open,
considering, warm.

 

"I don't know yet." He replied at last. "Something beautiful, hopefully."

 

Something beautiful.



 

It was beautiful, you realized. The trinket caught and reflected the light above almost like
beskar. Yet the colors underneath were iridescent, taking on a variety of purple and blue hues
that somehow reminded you so much of him. You could almost hear him whisper your name
as you turned it over in your palm, his breath tickling the shell of your ear as he searched for
that brightness within you in hopes he would bathe in its radiance.

 

Your heart clenched at the memory, and you tucked the pendant close to your body as if it
could somehow ease the pain. Despite the cold wind whipping at your back, of the threat of
Din awakening and discovering you, intercepting your escape, you couldn’t help but feel
tears brim at the corner of your eyes, caught in that hopeless tide of longing towards him.

 

“Please don’t ever leave me.” He had whispered to you, his voice cracking in his throat
desperately, the tone of which you had never heard in him. Despairing, hopeful, lost, and
helpless all at once he had begged you to stay, pleaded with you to never be away from him
ever again. Yet instead, you had simply imbedded the memory of his voice, of his touch, of
his breath and body into your mind and chosen still to let him go.

 

Beautiful, just like him, you thought silently, heart cracking at the seams.

 

Beautiful just like his voice and protective embrace, seeking to shield you from all that
sought to hurt you. Beautiful, like his unwavering presence at your side, at the way he echoed
his name for you, at the sight of his unforgettable silhouette in the moonlight. Beautiful like
the taste of his lips upon yours as you kissed him, let your fingers comb through his hair in
the darkness. Beautiful like the stars that burst between you both as you reached for each
other in the midnight, two wounded hearts desperately seeking each other in a galaxy full of
uncertainties. Beautiful like the way he had whispered a plea to you to stay, to never leave
him ever again.

 

Beautiful like him, beautiful like you, beautiful like the thing that existed between you both.

 

Beautiful like love.

 

…Gods above, what had you done?



 

The tears against your face scorched your skin like the fire from your memories, tracing
rivulets of flame against your cheeks as your voice poured from your throat in a sudden
choked cry, clutching the pendant to your chest like a life raft as you were swept out to sea.

 

You were leaving him.

 

You were abandoning him, abandoning your clan, leaving your home. Instead, you were
again choosing your own survival, trying to eke out a modest existence in this galaxy in a
desperate bid for one more day, one more hour, one more chance for happiness despite this
unrelenting and horrific heartbreak.

 

...All whilst leaving behind the only place where you had ever felt true, unbridled joy.

 

You had run that day too, you realized. Even now you remembered sprinting away from
flames and fire, from darkness and from ruin in hopes that despite that tragedy, maybe one
day you could be happy again. Yet now that you had truly found it, now that you were here,
you were fleeing once more in an innate instinct to protect yourself.

 

How many times would it take? How many times would you have to run from your own life
just to preserve it, to protect yourself? Would you ever be this happy again?

 

Cuyan.

 

Survivor. That name seemed hollow when it had poured from his lips last night, a mockery of
your own decision to leave him, fearing that the truth might bring it all crashing down on
you. You had survived after the night that would have been your execution, but it had been a
hollow existence, a lonely one. Yet then you had found Din, had found your clan, and bit by
bit your miraculous survival became less of a miracle and more of destiny, bringing you to
the place you were always supposed to be, there in his arms.

 

Survivor, Jedi, Stowaway.



 

You.

 

You knew now. Din would never hurt you. Not even over this.

 

You couldn’t leave him. Not now, not ever. Your place was with him, now and forever.

 

You had to go back.

 

A creak sounded behind you, steps coming aboard the Razorcrest gently, almost hesitantly.
You could feel your heart sing out to him, tears in your eyes as you turned with an apology, a
confession ready on your lips about everything. Your memories, your identity, your fears and
nightmares, your desperate, unyielding, mesmerizing love for him that seemed destined by
the stars themselves.

 

 

 

 

 

You barely caught sight of who it was before the sound of a stun fired from a blaster rang out,
electrified your body for a single moment in a blue blaze of light. Muscles abruptly spasming
then failing, you felt yourself cave, heard your body impact the floor of the Razorcrest with a
harsh thud that you barely felt.

 

The pendant tumbled from your grasp as your hand went slack, but the sound of it clattering
to the floor was obscured by the harsh footsteps that echoed across the durasteel floor as your
attacker approached you.

 

Yet the final word on your lips, whispered in a desperate silence as your vision faded into
nothingness was:

 



"Din."

 

 

 

----

 

 

 

"Din."

 

Din's eyes opened slowly, body heavy and mind sluggish as he chased the sound of your
voice through his lingering dreams. He could still feel you, could feel your body pressed
under his, fingers entwined, and legs tangled under the sheets. The scent of you still filled his
nose, buried into the junction of your throat and shoulder as he gasped out your name, and in
return your lips spilled an endless, heavenly chorus of small cries and pleasured whimpers.

 

The guilt, the uncertainty that had plagued him last night seemed dimmed in the gentle
embrace of morning, tucked under the sheets and greeted by the utter silence of the remote
mountain village. It didn't matter now, not after last night when he had taken you in his arms
and broken himself apart to you, catching the shattered pieces of you in turn.

 

When Din's eyes took in the dawning light through the windows he automatically reached for
his face to ensure his helmet was in place long before anyone had the opportunity to see his
face. Yet instead, his hand raked over his bare expression, fingers grazing the unshaved
stubble trimming his jaw. He sighed, both in torpor and disappointment.

 

Too tired to panic just yet, Din fumbled towards the edge of the bed, fingers fortunately
clasping around a familiar beskar dome and dragging it towards him. Had he not been so
exhausted, so sated, perhaps he would have lashed out at himself for being so careless, for
allowing himself to sleep to such an hour where someone else might chance upon his face
without him knowing.

 



Yet at the same time, the thought that it was you...

 

Din sighed again, the sound familiar through the filter of his helmet. It was only once it was
fully situated atop his face that he turned to his other side, reaching out a hand for you. He
expected your form to greet him, buried under blankets and burrowed there after your
combined late hour activities. Already his mind summoned the image of your form, tucked
away from him and hogging the blankets to retain that much more warmth to your bare body.
Lips parted, face slack, hair messy and sprawled across the pillow under your head. Beautiful
and lovely and strangely arcane in the mysteries you kept so stubbornly hidden from him.

 

Yet all that greeted Din was an emptiness where you belonged.

 

"Cuyan?" Din echoed at once, voice creaky with sleep. He looked beyond the bed, ignoring
the stab of fear at the thought you had seen his face without his permission and instead
searching for you. Yet all Din received in turn was silence, your voice and presence entirely
absent from the room of the cold, aging inn.

 

Din sat up now, scanning the room for any trace of you. The doors to the balcony hadn't been
unlocked, and from Din's vantage you were not standing outside and observing the dawn
spread across the mountain tops. Nor were you huddled by the fire that had long since gone
out, trying to poke alive flames there. A glance to the bedside table proved you had taken
your change of clothes, likely into the fresher.

 

Din followed suit, muscles much too lax for his liking, treated to a long rest on the most
comfortable mattress he had felt in months. A roll of his shoulders yielded several pops of his
joints. Yet Din ignored them, sitting up and dragging the scattered remains of his clothes to
him. He didn't put on his full armor just yet despite the chill, and in truth it was partly due to
the hope that perhaps you might rejoin him in bed, sleep for just a few more minutes in his
arms.

 

A knock on the door of the bathroom rang out hollowly, and even when Din echoed your
name he heard no response. He couldn't even hear the sound of the sink or shower running,
couldn't even sense the presence of another person there. Drowsiness abandoned him now,
replaced by a sudden, sharp concern at your absence. To confirm his fears, the fresher was
empty when he opened it, pristine and hardly touched.

 



It was only then that Din noticed your jacket, your bag, your boots were missing. Just like
you.

 

"Cuyan." Din whispered, horror now blooming inside him. Yet it was stifled by the pressure
of denial, refusing to believe for a single moment that you had just left without a word.
Surely you were just downstairs in search of breakfast, or maybe went to go retrieve
something from the Razorcrest.

 

That had to be it. You just went to fetch some shower items maybe, an extra blanket, or
maybe a project to fiddle with. There was no way you had simply walked out, had...

 

Yet something in Din's memories brushed against his thoughts, the words and touch gentle
but voice bittersweet as it lay against his sleeping thoughts.

 

"I will always love you."

 

Why had your words sounded like a goodbye?

 

Din wasted no time in gathering his armor now, movements calculated and practiced. He
tried to ignore the way his hands shook as he tugged on his flight suit, attached his pauldrons,
secured his vambraces. The mere process of donning each layer felt too long, too tedious, and
with every fumbled movement he feared perhaps you had taken that moment to put that much
more distance between you and him, vanishing into the snaking mountain paths beyond the
village.

 

Din's imagination ran wild despite himself, conjuring images of your form obscured by the
snow, never once turning back, never again looking at him with those eyes he had come to
love so dearly.

 

At the same time a smaller hurt, sharper and fiercer, lurked and growled beneath that fear. It
twisted and churned low in his stomach, dark and rotten at the idea you had left without so
much as a goodbye, had simply abandoned him after you had spent the night crying into his
arms, pressed into the mattress under him, legs tangled with his and moaning his name.



 

The child made a whine when Din opened the bassinet, protesting being awoken at such an
early hour. Din cradled him carefully for a moment, watching his eyes blink and adjust to the
growing light of sunrise that filtered in through the frosted windows. Yet like Din he seemed
to note his other caretaker's absence quickly, ears perking and head turning in search of your
missing figure. He looked at Din, words absent but a small, plaintive 'awah?' in query.

 

"I'm sure she's just at the ship." Din told him as he finished gathering his things, a tremor
barely audible in his voice but still present. The words were meant to reassure the child just
as much as they were meant to comfort himself, trying to push down the horrid, nearly
sickening thought of your departure.

 

"C'mon kid." Din nodded, setting the bassinet to follow him out of the room and down the
stairs, past the small lobby and warmly lit kitchen, out into the snow. His steps were quick,
purposeful, eyes instantly scanning for any trace of you. A press at the side of his helmet
yielded his infrared vision, the typical orange footprints of others flickering a cool green
against the icy street. Yet between them lay a brighter path, undistracted and headed directly
towards the edge of town.

 

To the Razorcrest.

 

Din wasted no time, keeping his pace measured so as to not only assuage suspicion of his
strange figure in the village, but to reassure his own hammering heartbeat.

 

You were just picking something up from the hold, he told himself again. You were fetching
perhaps a hairbrush or a warmer outer layer, something Din had forgotten to bring for you the
day before. He would get to the ship and find you rummaging through a bin or perhaps a
panel behind the cockpit, and when he arrived you would give him that smile you always did,
would echo his name in that way he loved so desperately.

 

Yet Din's stomach seemed to only drop further downwards when the Razorcrest came into
view at the edge of the village, its ramp open but no motion apparent from the distance at
which Din stood.

 



Din broke into a sprint now, anxiety overcoming him and veins cold not from the chill, but
from the fear that this nightmare of his had chased him into reality. Face drawn tight under
his helmet, eyes wide, he burst into the cargo hold with your name on his lips, abandoning
the title he had given you in favor of calling out for you in panic.

 

Again, your voice did not return to him, and as Din listened he didn't hear the echo of your
footsteps above in the cockpit, didn't hear another sound of living life besides himself and the
child beside him. Din called again, voice rising in alarm now, attempting to refuse the idea
that you weren't here, that he had no idea where you could possibly be.

 

He scaled the ladder faster than he had in his entire life, the motion taking only a mere breath
before he stood in the empty cockpit, looking through the viewfinder out at the snowy
wasteland. Even there he did not see a single figure in the snow, didn't see another living
being for miles down the icy slopes.

 

Every possible scenario began to play through his thoughts. You were in a different house in
the village, he had missed you somehow as he exited the inn, you had taken a stroll in the
snow to admire the crystalline landscape. Yet each possible theory was negated by the
footprints he had followed here, and by the devastating lack of you.

 

“No.” Din thought silently, desperately, pleading with the stars above that this wasn’t the
devastating scenario he that had haunted him for days now like a dark specter. Yet the truth of
it lay as cold against his bones as the frozen, unyielding landscape beyond the ship, the wind
howling a melancholy lullaby for him and him alone.

 

You had left him.

 

You had left him just like he feared.

 

Din gripped the seat in front of him- your seat. His hands clenched over it, knuckles turning
white under his gloves. He blinked underneath his helmet, expression distraught and
confused and betrayed, vainly trying to reconcile his thoughts with reality. The truth of it all
lay cold against his skin despite the layers, as if the beskar plating engraved a freezing brand
onto his body.

 



You were gone.

 

Just like that, just like he had been so terrified of, there and gone again without so much as a
goodbye. Despite his efforts to comfort you, despite pouring his love out to you through his
touch, despite spending the darkness of midnight with you reaching for him, under him,
despite holding you in his arms and whispering his love to you like an oath. You had
vanished.

 

"I will always love you."

 

Had it been a lie? How else could you do this if those words weren't true? If you had loved
him like you said, for what possible reason could you have left him behind?

 

Yet beyond that was the instantaneous guilt, the bite of shame that snarled inside him like
something with fangs at the reason for your absence.

 

It...it was his fault.

 

The thought alone made Din's knees threaten to wobble. Gingerly, hands shaking, he lowered
himself into the pilot's chair, eyes unseeing and grasp trembling on his lap. In the utter silence
of the Razorcrest he had only his thoughts to fill the void, violent and deafening like the force
of a gale.

 

He had done this. He had asked you to stay, his words so selfish back then on Coruscant.
Despite knowing you wanted a simple life, a quiet existence he had asked you to stay, to stay
with him. You had, and it was only because you did that Din was able to to see the
magnificent, ethereal evolution that was you. You were so different from the stowaway he
had found here on the ship all those moons ago, and yet in some ways just the same. Din
wanted nothing more than to continue to see that journey of yours, wherever it led, to listen
to your voice and feel the warmth of you at his side with every step.

 

Yet he had subjected you to so much, had failed to protect you when you needed him the
most. The number of close calls, of barely dodged blaster bullets, of firefights and explosions
and instances of death you had narrowly escaped felt immeasurable. All of them had been as



you had traveled with him, and for what? All so Din could see your smile one more time,
could hear you whisper his name, could feel your fingers entwine in his. He had tried his best
to protect you, had tried to keep you safe, but the life he led was not an easy one, and he had
begun to see the weight of it bearing down on you despite your affections for him.

 

It had been too much for you, and so you had disappeared into the snow, taking with you the
only time where Din had ever felt wholly, truly at home.

 

"Thank you for loving me." He remembered now, those words you had whispered against his
lips before your touch vanished from him completely, absent now and forever.

 

Din let his head sink into his hands, fingers curling into his helmet as he scrunched his eyes
shut, trying to stifle the growing feeling of utter anguish that rose in his chest as it threatened
to steal the air from his lungs. Yet the gesture did nothing, not as Din's heart clenched
painfully around the phantom wound your departure had inflicted there. He knew nothing
would soothe it, that nothing he ever did again would truly rid him of this pain, of this guilt,
this despair that had opened up like an all-consuming, blackened void inside him.

 

He was such a fool.

 

He should have left you on Coruscant, he should have dropped you off in one of the Core
worlds, he should have never asked you to stay, should never have even let you climb aboard
all that time ago. Perhaps, if he had never loved you at all, then this pain, this agony wouldn't
feel as if it was splitting him in two, wouldn't stay with him for all his years to come.

 

"Cuyan." Din whispered, but the name was choked, throat too tight to speak.

 

He had loved you despite himself. He had loved everything about you- the way your brow
scrunched in sleep, the way you fidgeted when toying with one of your projects, the way you
always reached for him so gently, with such tender care and concern. He had loved your
kindness in a world that was rarely kind, had loved the light in your eyes that seemed to
glimmer like the stars themselves. He had loved you, always you, nothing but you, a stray
shooting star that he had caught with open hands, bright and dazzling and his, just as much as
he was yours.

 



Perhaps it wasn't too later- he could find you, but even if he did what would it amount to?
Would you really stay? If you had managed to leave after last night, after his plea panted in
your ears, words desperate, then surely you would leave again. You were determined. Din
might have been able to convince you son some things, but for this? Something that was his
fault and his alone?

 

No. You were gone. He had his chance and he had failed, and now all he had to show for it
were the lonely tracks leading into the snow.

 

If Din could just hold you in his arms one more time, then maybe this pain wouldn't threaten
to devour him alive. If just once more you echoed his name to him with that voice of yours
then maybe...

 

A sound came from below, a small thump and a clatter. Din hardly noticed it at first, head
cradled in his hands and shoulders hunched as he wallowed in his own misery. Flashes of
you, of your smile, your voice, your touch cycled endlessly through his thoughts, and because
of that Din nearly missed the small series of gurgles and whines that echoed from just below
the hatch.

 

"Kid?" Din asked, thoughts jolting and voice cracking as he turned towards the ladder.

 

As if to answer, the child let out an insistent whine, his voice carrying up into the cockpit.

 

Din managed to gather himself, standing despite the sudden fatigue in his bones, the weight
in his chest. He shuffled over to the top of the ladder, peering down as the child seemingly
pointed at something beyond Din's sights, babbling urgently. Reluctantly, Din descended the
latter, carefully not to step on the toddler as he set down.

 

"Now's...not a good time, pal." He offered at last, lifting up the infant and turning towards the
floating bassinet to deposit him there once more. "Just...give me a minute, okay?"

 

Din turned, thoughts still preoccupied as he set himself on his cot. Yet by the time he had
done so the child had once again wrestled his way out of his carrier, dropping to the floor and
urgently skittering off between two small chests to the side of the hold.



 

Din sighed, letting the youngster go, too tired to try and collect him.

 

He was exhausted.

 

Perhaps not in body, considering the rest he had the night before. Din swore he couldn't
remember the last time he had slept so well, drifting so deeply that he didn't even dream. No,
Din's exhaustion came from his spirit, from the reality of loss, of losing one more person he
had cherished, from losing the most important of them all.

 

His parents. His people. The Covert. The Armorer.

 

You.

 

Again, that darkness welled inside him, snaked along his legs and arms with inky tendrils,
threatening to drag him downwards into the abyss. Yet before he could the child again let out
a sound, this time sounding triumphant, before wobbling back into view.

 

He held something up to his mouth, and if Din hadn't been so drained he would have shot to
his feet to make sure the child wasn't chewing on something he wasn't supposed to, that he
wasn't about to choke. To his surprise, however, the child came toddling towards him,
balancing on tiny legs and drawing close until he at last offered to object to his caretaker with
a small 'uwah?'

 

Din blinked, staring down at the small thing clasped in the child's three clawed grip. It took
him a moment before he was able to recognize the object for what it was.

 

The mythosaur pendant. The one he had intended to give you but had never gotten the
chance.

 



Absently, his fingers reached for the place he had been hiding it, under a blanket at the back
of his cot. Naturally, it came up empty, so instead Din reached out and took the small carving
from the child below him, turning it over in his hand with bewilderment.

 

How had it gotten all the way over there? He had kept it well concealed, managed to make
sure it wouldn't accidentally be revealed until the perfect moment. If you had found it, surely
you would have kept it?

 

Something in Din shifted, thoughts clearing just enough for him to again look around the
cargo hold with new clarity.

 

Your tool kit lay on a nearby crate, left despite the fact that you carried it with you almost
everywhere. Beside it lay your welding goggles, tossed carelessly aside despite your careful
diligence to your tools. It was odd that you had left them, considering your trade. You had
purchased them with your own money, so why...?

 

Din stood, eyes beginning to take in the messy state of the cargo hold for the first time, the
way things seemed out of place, the strange indication that someone had perhaps been here.

 

Yet it was your pack, hastily packed and tucked haphazardly behind a panel along with your
blaster, as if to conceal them, that spoke all that Din needed to know.

 

Previous thoughts abandoned, Din's instincts roared to life within him, muscles coiling and
heartbeat thrumming loudly in his ears. This felt like no mistake. Careful as you were, you
wouldn't leave behind things that were so important to you if you had well and truly left.
Something wasn't right.

 

Din flickered on his visor, and to his surprise he found not one but two sets of footprints in
the hold. Yet it wasn't that which was telling of the scene that had unfolded, but the cooling
imprint of a body that had collapsed just short of the cot, right under his feet, only to be
dragged into the snow.

 

Eyes wide and heartbeat deafening now, Din raced outside, once again scanning the
surrounding landscape for any sign of life. Yet the villagers merely regarded him with



surprise, not expecting to see a strange Mandalorian frantically spin around in search of any
indication to where you had vanished.

 

No. Din knew now. This was no coincidence. Left though you had, bag packed and ready to
flee, you had been intercepted.

 

You had been taken.

 

 

 

 

 

Chapter End Notes

Hi I'm still alive despite the multiple assassins you have all sent to kill me as a result of
the last few chapters :)

When I said things were going to get worse before they got better, well, that wasn't a lie.
Unfortunately this remains true, and we will finally get some clues as to exactly why the
Imperials want Cuyan. Unfortunately Gideon has taken a particular interest in our
survivor, and he is nothing if not persistent.

Big thank you to Jen for helping out with this chapter!

Also come follow me at (https://sprout-fics.tumblr.com/) for update teasers, SW posting,
and other projects!



Chapter 48: Part Forty Eight: No Way Out
Chapter Summary

Now Din almost certainly thought you were gone from him, had chosen to leave him
and Grogu behind. If he thought this was your choice, that you had left of your own
accord instead of being captured the moment you reversed your decision, then maybe he
would simply let you go. Perhaps he would let you leave, not knowing that you were
being taken, instead choosing to wallow in his own heartbreak at your betrayal.

The knowledge that came with that forbidden thought crept across you slowly, tangling
you within an inescapable spider's web of dread. If Din didn't know you had been
abducted, if he didn't know you wanted to return to him, then he wouldn't come for you.
No one would.

No one was coming. You were alone.

More than that, this time there was no chance of escape.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

 

 

 

 

Someone called your name.

 

That sound, the one you were so familiar with, that had been the sound of your own soul
since the first moments of your birth, called out to you through something you couldn't touch.
It wound around you, clinging to the threads of your muscles and imbedding into your spirit,
resonating there as it found the origin of itself. It plucked against the backdrop of your
thoughts, like a clarendon that roused you from the edge of slumber and again into
wakefulness.

 



You could hardly hear it, lost in a mindless haze of confusion as you tried to discern the
world around you. Everything hurt, limbs frozen and stiff from the cold. Heaviness clung to
the sinews of your muscles, a fierce rigidity that you couldn't shake. Your vision swam before
your eyes, only making out strange hazy shapes and colors that made no sense to you. Yet
between all that you could vaguely discern the feeling of movement, of laying on your side
despite the jostle of something under your form.

 

A groan escaped you as your senses came trickling back to you. The bite of the harsh, snowy
wind sliced against your form, seeping past your scant outer layers and down, deep into your
cooling veins. You could smell moisture in the air, the scent of it filling the back of your nose
with the promise of snow. The creaky, intermittent groan of whatever you were laying on
seemed to screech against your ears as it bumped its way down the frostbitten trail you were
on. You tried to crane your head to see, to try and gather any whereabouts of your location,
but found your muscles unresponsive.

 

Blearily, you tried to make sense of it all, of your sudden circumstances, of being moved to
somewhere you couldn't see, of exactly why you couldn't move.

 

Din.

 

Oh Force.

 

At the memory of being ambushed in the Razorcrest, of being stunned and dropped where
you stood before it all went black crashed over you with such sudden devastation you found
yourself gasping for air, trying to writhe where you lay. At once your vision seemed to clear,
and you found yourself looking at a strange collection of furs and crates around you,
scattered across the same hover-cart you had been dumped upon. Some of them covered you,
as if trying to obscure you from anyone who might gaze into the cart and see the crumpled
form of a person there.

 

Your attempted wiggling only managed to summon a dull, insistent pain that throbbed behind
your eyes. Automatically you moaned in pain, tried to reach up and touch your closed eyes,
only to find your limbs too heavy to lift, your hands bound in front of you with bracers.

 

"Awake, are we?" A voice asked, high but even, flat and apathetic.



 

You stilled, suddenly aware of another presence atop the hover cart, echoing just above where
your head lay on the rusted metal of the cart bed. Yet you didn't respond, holding your breath
in hopes maybe you might buy yourself some more time to think, to scheme a way out of
your captive state. The person above you obviously was whoever had taken you from the
Razorcrest, able to sneak up on you with hardly any effort and steal you away without an
inch of resistance on your part. You couldn't see them, but even so you knew that they had to
be dangerous, skilled enough to subdue you without a struggle.

 

"I can see you, you know."

 

That made you try and crane your head upwards towards the voice, only for that sudden,
horrible ache to rise again, like a sarlacc trying to digest the inside of your head. You
whimpered, hating yourself for the small, pathetic sound that escaped your lips.

 

"I thought so."

 

You waited for the ache to subside, trying to remain as still as possible and breathe your way
through the wave of it. Eyes scrunched shut, mind hazy and limbs unresponsive, you tried to
raise your voice to the person speaking to you.

 

"Wha-what d'you do t'me?" You tried, words slurred and chalky on your tongue like charcoal.

 

Your captor paused, and if you had been able to see her you would have seen her shrug.
"Paralyzed you." She replied simply, tone unbothered. The sound of it was slightly toned,
muffled, as if hidden behind some type of helmet. "Heard a rumor from one of my associates
that you might be force sensitive, so I decided to not take chances."

 

" 'M not...fors senstive." You tried to lie, words entirely unconvincing in your drugged state.

 

Your captor, for what she was worth, huffed a laugh, as if amused by your paltry attempts to
dissuade her.



 

"I sincerely doubt that, hun." She replied flatly. Then she fell silent, and for a moment you
thought that was the end of it, that she had decided that was enough. Yet then she sighed as
the cart jolted under you both. "I am surprised you're awake though. That dose should have
kept you under for our entire ride. Maybe you force users are just built different."

 

You scrunched your brow, one of the only movements available to you at her words.

 

"W-where are we going...?" You asked, cursing yourself for your voice sounding so feeble, so
thoroughly incapacitated. Whatever drug she had tagged you with rendered your restraints a
bit redundant, considering it took most of your concentration to simply configure your senses
to gravity, to summon the most basic of words of which to ask her.

 

"You're the bounty, figure it out." The hunter above you responded, her words lilting with
annoyance, as if she were trying to shoo away a pest.

 

You didn't have to. You already knew. There was only one place you could possibly end up at
this point, only one entity in the entire galaxy that had been chasing after you so devotedly, so
ruthlessly.

 

The Empire.

 

You would have shivered if you had control over your body. Instead, you merely felt a wash
of dread fall across your thoughts like the shadow of an eclipse. A different type of cold
seized you now, one that felt your heart still momentarily in your chest and the world around
you sucked into silence. The image of stormtroopers, with their pristine, white reflective
armor, of TIE fighters screaming across the sky and the ever present grip of a galaxy under
siege seemed to dance behind your closed eyes.

 

“Jedi!!” The Imperial office had screamed, and you could still hear her dying words echo
endlessly in the prison of your mind.

 



You had never taken a stand against the Empire during their reign, too afraid and too bent on
your own survival to even dare think about such an effort. Yet it didn't matter, didn't erase the
fact that to them you were an enemy. To them you were a threat, a symbol of the resistance
against their brutality and horrific, suffocating grip on the galaxy. Even if you ran, even if
you kept yourself hidden, your very existence branded you as a target for the rest of your
days.

 

It didn't make sense. The Empire was gone now, fractured into territorial warlords that
roamed the Outer Rim in hiding from the New Republic. Why they were still chasing you,
why they were still bent on finding Jedi at all failed to follow any form of logic whatsoever.
The war was over, they had lost, so why were they still intent on capturing you, on finding
Grogu?

 

Grogu. You eased, face falling at the familiar reminder of the child, of his wide brown gaze
and settled weight in your arms. The pang of hurt that shot through your heart was almost
enough to make you squirm uncomfortably. The thought that the toddler was being hunted for
the same reason you were, for his mere existence, made something fragile within you shudder
and threaten to crack. He didn't deserve this, didn't deserve to be hunted for simply being
alive. You tried to remember his soft coos, his toothy smile and gentle touch on your face. Yet
even when the sound of him echoed your name that hurt only dug deeper into you,
threatening warmth at the corner of your eyes.

 

"Why just me?" You asked aloud, abruptly, voicing your question of why only you had been
taken, considering Grogu had been only a mere walk away from you. The idea that the
toddler might have been captured as well was horrifying, unsettling, and for a moment you
were undeniably grateful that it had been you, only you, and not him.

 

There was silence as your captor considered your question, the cart under you both groaning
as it rattled down the mountainside trail.

 

"Half a bounty is better than no bounty at all." She answered cryptically, voice briefly
muffled by the sound of the cart and the bite of the wind. "Besides, you were alone, an easy
target."

 

That was true, but there was more to the hunter's words than what she spoke. It almost
seemed as if she doubted her own abilities to bring you both in at once. No, it was that in
order to do so she realized she'd have to fight Din, and win. Belatedly, you realized whoever



this hunter was she was likely younger, less experienced than Din, and realized the older
hunter had the advantage of years and experience over her.

 

It didn't matter. You had been taken before and managed to get free, get back to Din as he
ceaselessly chased after you. It wouldn't be long before he caught your trail and caught up to
you both, freed you once more.

 

Except...

 

He...he wouldn't. Not this time, not after you had left him.

 

You closed your eyes against the overwhelming wash of hurt that followed the thought. It
seemed to splice into you, carve into your chest and make a home there, drawing you down,
down into the darkened void of despair.

 

You had left him.

 

You had abandoned him, had kissed him in a silent farewell after spending the night tucked in
his arms, imbedding the sensation of his touch into your very soul. In your own desperation
to survive his potential betrayal you had chosen to leave, to say goodbye to the only part in
your life where you had ever truly been happy, with him. You hadn't stopped to consider the
fact that Din would never hurt you, so blinded were you by your own fear at the revelations
of your identity, your intrinsic instinct to claw your way to freedom, to survival.

 

Too late had you realized that it wasn't enough to live, but to be happy.

 

Now Din almost certainly thought you were gone from him, had chosen to leave him and
Grogu behind. If he thought this was your choice, that you had left of your own accord
instead of being captured the moment you reversed your decision, then maybe he would
simply let you go. Perhaps he would let you leave, not knowing that you were being taken,
instead choosing to wallow in his own heartbreak at your betrayal.

 



The knowledge that came with that forbidden thought crept across you slowly, tangling you
within an inescapable spider's web of dread. If Din didn't know you had been abducted, if he
didn't know you wanted to return to him, then he wouldn't come for you. No one would.

 

No one was coming. You were alone.

 

More than that, this time there was no chance of escape.

 

There was no way out, not with your hands and feet bound, with the blooming ability of the
Force stolen from you in your drugged, paralyzed state. Not with you at the mercy of the
hunter who had taken you. This wasn't like before, when you had fought the Clawdite with
Din racing to your rescue. This wasn't like when you had been taken by the Black Sun and
struggled your way to freedom with Paz at your side. Din wasn't coming this time. No one
was.

 

The inevitability of your fate seemed to stretch before you like a starlit path, all of the
diverging steps fractured and broken as you drew closer to the imminent danger of your own
surrender to your greatest enemy. Even as you tried to search and desperately sought any
other course, the only route open to you was the one you so desperately didn't want to take.

 

To surrender.

 

Everything in your spirit cried out against the thought, the idea being so entirely antithetical
to who you were. You were a survivor, it was in the name Din so tenderly called you as,
entwined within the fabric of your soul. Yet in the face of inevitability, of no escape you felt
that foundation within you fracture, crack at the seams.

 

You were tired.

 

All your life had been spent running, fleeing. You had run from death since the day you could
stand, feeling the fatal bite of darkness threaten to consume you with every step. You had
forced yourself to forget who you were in a desperate bid for freedom, had erased the trauma
of your own miraculous survival at the hands of the Empire in order to pursue it. Even then
you had tried to run from your own identity when you remembered, had denied it in a vain



attempt to shield yourself from the inescapable shadow of death that nipped at your heels
with every heartbeat.

 

You had never tired, never slowed, intent on fleeing for another day, another hour, another
moment of life that you threw yourself at with such desperation it mirrored the energy of a
dying star. In doing so you had forgotten who you were, had refused to remember all the ones
you had lost, and in turn had lost yourself. Now, that same struggle had cost you both Din and
Grogu as well, both of them gone from you forever.

 

There was something in your spirit that was too exhausted to continue now, after realizing all
you had lost. If this is what it was to survive, to live but lose everything you had held dear,
was it truly a life worth living?

 

Perhaps this was your fate, you realized. This realization of yours, perhaps your life was
always leading to this ,to the moment where you inevitably surrendered, gave up on the
chance of being happy ever again. If this was your destiny, to run and flee for so long only to
sprint headfirst into the jaws of death, then maybe it was best to simply let the strings of fate
pull you to their will, dictate your destiny to where it would inevitably conclude.

 

Maybe it was time to give in, once and for all.

 

The feeling of it was a hollow inside you, empty and silent. Numb as you were, you couldn't
feel the warm spill of tears that at last welled in your eyes and traced down your frozen
cheeks.

 

"You ok back there?"

 

You swallowed, wishing you could curl further into yourself and hide your face from the
hunter's gaze. So instead, you closed your eyes, trying to shift and ignoring the immediate cry
of pain from your body as you did.

 

"Why do you care?" You shot back, but your voice was cracked, raw with emotion.

 



"Because I want to get paid." Your captor snarked back. "And I only get paid half if you've
frozen to death."

 

You grimaced, and the tightness of your expression did little to ease the flow of tears down
your cheeks.

 

"Fuck you." You snapped at last, but the insult lacked the force you wanted behind it. If
anything, it only made your abductor snort with laughter.

 

"You're cute, but I'll pass." She scoffed, the sound crackling from under her helmet. "Talk to
me when you're not drugged."

 

You ignored the jibe, lacking the energy or desire to fight with the huntress. Instead, you
reverted to a frosty silence, turning your senses to the world around you. You were angled so
you could partly see the sky, which had turned from the dusky pink and purple hues of dawn
to an overcast, downy gray that spoke of snow. The wind whistled through the peaks that
towered far above the wagon as it trundled down the rugged mountain trail, clunking along as
the rattling of the frostbitten metal filled the silent gap between you both.

 

It was a beautiful planet, you realized. Harsh, cold, but ruggedly beautiful in a way you hadn't
truly come to appreciate. Perhaps if you had stayed with Din you may have gotten a chance
to admire the beauty of it. The idea of tucking into his side and relishing his warmth as you
both watched the stars beyond the mountain range felt heavy inside your chest, an
omnipresent reminder of his absence. You tried to summon the sensation of it, of falling
asleep in his embrace, but the mere thought threatened to drag you further downwards into
the chasm of despair inside you.

 

So caught were you in your thoughts you almost didn't notice when the huntress above you
yawned loudly, shifting as she wrapped herself further into her layers.

 

"Well, this is boring." She intoned dryly.

 

You scoffed, feeling irritation prickle within you at her complete and utter apathy to you,
crying as you were. The frustration of it bubbled up your throat before you could catch it.



"Sorry I can't be more entertaining, I'm a little busy being taken somewhere against my will."
You sneered derisively.

 

Strangely, this prompted a bark of laughter from your captor, the sound sharp as it rattled off
the cliffsides.

 

"I knew you had nehutyc, jetii." She replied, and you mentally berated yourself for playing
into her hands and providing her with the modicum of entertainment she was badgering you
for. Then you blinked, brow furrowing as you recognized the sharp, lilting consonants of her
the word she used.

 

"You know Mando'a?" You asked abruptly, and suddenly you were met with silence as your
captor realized her mistake in letting the word slip. Then she sighed, and you felt the cart
shift with her movement.

 

"You could say that." She answered enigmatically, and if you had the ability you would have
twisted and  narrowed your eyes at her, maybe even caught a glimpse of her face. Instead,
you were forced to stay still, shoulder colliding uncomfortably with the metal center of the
hover-cart. It tilted at a strange angle for a moment, and you contained a yelp before it
corrected itself as it began to descend at a perilous angle. It took you a moment to notice that
you had somehow been anchored to the front of the cart, unable to slip off the back should
you regain control over your limbs. You couldn’t stifle a small expression of admiration over
exactly how thorough the huntress had been before irritation drew darkly across your face
and erased it.

 

"What does it mean?" You asked at last, unable to stand your thoughts filling the frosty
silence between you both.

 

"Hmm?"

 

"Nee...hoo-tish." You tried, tongue warbling over the word.

 

"Nehutyc." The huntress corrected sharply, emphasizing the middle consonant. "It
means...gumption. Guts."



 

You raised an eyebrow despite the fact that the huntress was unable to see it. "How would
you know that about me?"

 

Your captor grumbled, as if scolding herself for being dragged into a conversation with one
of her bounties. "You have to either be brave or stupid to travel with a Mandalorian." She
replied simply, then paused. "Granted, you might actually be stupid with how easy it was to
catch you."

 

" 'm not stupid." You grumbled, irritated, if not a bit chagrined. "-And you're just gloating."

 

"Maybe I am." You could hear the smile sneak into the huntress's voice as she spoke. "Not
every day you catch a jettii."

 

"So, you do know Mando'a."

 

"Tch."

 

Oddly, you smirked to yourself at having managed to annoy your captor. It was a negligible
win at best, but it managed to satisfy you enough to momentarily forget your circumstances.

 

There was silence again for a period, and for a while you thought perhaps your abductor had
given up on the effort of trying to taunt you. Unable to move and having little else to do, you
watched your breath fog into small, billowing clouds before dissipating into the dove gray
sky above.

 

"He teach you?" She suddenly asked, as if she too was unable to bear the silence.

 

You paused for a moment, contemplating.

 



"...Not exactly." You replied honestly, thoughts drawing back to Din’s voice as you
desperately tried to ignore the stab of guilt there. You could hear his voice even now, could
hear him murmur in his language to Grogu, conferring with his brethren in the covert on
Coruscant, responding to Paz’s booming voice with his steady, quiet but commanding tone.

 

For a moment you had to close your eyes, force yourself to breathe against the hurt of it all.

 

"I managed to pick up some here and there, and asked about words he used sometimes." You
offered at last, voice quieter, distracted by memory.

 

The huntress above you huffed. "You two must be close, then." She remarked idly, but you
could hear the slyness barely concealed under her voice. “He your boyfriend or something?”

 

"I-" You tried, feeling a rush of warmth at the reminder of Din and your relationship, briefly
recognizing the memory of you two entwined together last night. "I mean- we...we're- wait."
You frowned indignantly. "W-why does it matter to you?"

 

She snorted this time, your abductor, amused at your embarrassed reply. "It doesn't." She
confessed plainly, but you could hear the undertone of self-satisfied delight there. "Not really,
I'm just curious. Not often you hear about a Mando and a Jedi together."

 

Your face fell, you couldn't help it. The reminder not only of who you were, but that Din
didn't know rang hollow inside you with regret. You never got a chance to tell him, to confess
the reason for your strange turn in behavior, for the nightmares, for the reason you escaped
the outpost, all of it. He didn't know. Now, he'd never get a chance to. Instead he’d be left
with the memory of your final words to him before you vanished like fog into the soft colors
of dawn.

 

“Thank you, for loving me.”

 

Your silence must have been telling, because the energy around you shifted, and at last you
heard the huntress's words pierce your thoughts.

 



"...He doesn't know, does he?" She asked, and her voice was a little solemn now. If you
concentrated on it you could swear you heard something almost skin to regret in her words.

 

"...No." You answered at last, voice hardly a murmur between you. "He doesn't."

 

An odd, subdued quiet fell between the two of you. You didn't expect her to respond. After
all, she was the reason you would never get a chance to tell Din all you had been hiding. You
could sense she knew this, and as a result had no words to offer you despite the small amount
of guilt there.

 

Something cold landed on your cheek, and as you cast your eyes to the sky you watched as
snowflakes began to float gently down from the heavens. They caught against your
eyelashes, and as you blinked they melted into the rivulets where your tears had fallen. You
exhaled, watching your breath fog up and away from you, into the misty mountains, beyond
to where Din remained without you.

 

"Get some rest, survivor." The hunter above you offered, voice subdued. "Best to conserve
your energy while you can."

 

You didn't respond, not to her gentle offer of the way her words felt almost like a confession
of pity towards your fate.

 

The wind whistled sharply against the jagged peaks of your thoughts.

 

---

 

Din looked up to the feather gray sky above him, visored gaze tracing over the silent
descending flakes of snow. Under his helmet he frowned, ignoring the prickle of chill that
managed to permeate through his layers. He let his eyes linger on the clouds above him for a
moment before at last turning his gaze back to the winding mountain path that sloped down
the cliffs ahead of him.

 



It had been hours since he had started tracking you, and despite the time elapsed Din couldn't
stop reprimanding himself for wasting precious minutes before he had given chase. He had to
make sure that the Razorcrest was properly sealed, bribe the local villagers to leave it be in
his absence, and then bribe them more for one of the cart animals to aid him in traversing the
steep, unsteady mountain cliffs. With every minute spent in the village you slipped further
and further from his grasp, like mist through his fingers.

 

It seemed like you had been doing that for a while now.

 

The Orbak under him chuffed impatiently, shifting its weight as Din stared down the trail
before him, jutting downwards into the valley below at a borderline dangerous angle. Din
patted the animal absently, as if trying to reassure his mount as well as his own racing heart.
The uneven, staccato rhythm that had begun after he realized the truth of your abduction had
yet to abate, thrumming unsteadily against his chest plate. His years as a hunter allowed him
to measure himself, keep the panic and anxiety to the periphery of his mind, where it prowled
like haunted shadows.

 

Instead, in its place, Din felt a cold, calculated anger threaten to swallow his senses, lunge
outwards with glowing eyes and sharpened fangs.

 

Whoever had abducted you, whatever their name was, wherever they were, they had made a
fatal mistake in taking you. In taking you from him.

 

Din considered himself a calm man, for the most part. Keeping a level head was a
fundamental requirement of his line of work. Fear, fury, rage were silent killers, fatal
distractions that clouded judgement and awareness. Few things incensed him anymore
beyond the realm of impatience, but this, the fact that this was you-

 

The freezing chill of the mountains was unable to stifle the boil of his blood inside his veins.

 

The idea that you had been stolen from him, that he had been so foolish as to let you simply
vanish from his arms that morning made something itch inside his skin, dark and hungry for
violence. He was furious, furious at himself for letting you go, for not protecting you, for
allowing you to be taken again was almost more than he could bear; and silently, he vowed
that the fool who had dared cross you both would regret the moment they dared lay hands on
you, on his survivor.  



 

A thick layer of clouds to the east hovered at the edge of the valley, like an avalanche of
condensation rolling over the gray and white landscape, threatening to obscure Din's vision of
the trail ahead. A villager had warned him of the deadly ice storms on the planet, gentle at
first until the atmospheric pressure forced ice crystals to harden like frozen daggers that
rained from above. The clouds to the east whispered of such a storm, low and churning like
the grind of the ice-capped mountains around him. It was only a matter of time before it
descended over the valley and forced Din to cover, making him abandon the trail that led to
you.

 

With a kick and a grunt, the Orbak under him began the steep descent into the valley below,
careful but sure-footed. Din shifted his weight as much as he could, being careful to prevent
the toddler tucked against his side from being jostled. Even so, the child whined at the jolty,
sudden movements of the descent, carefully bundled under Din's cape to keep him warm.

 

"It's alright." Din hoarsed, both to the infant and to himself. "We'll be fine."

 

Yet the words did little to assuage the gnawing dread within his thoughts. Much like the
distant, rumbling clouds the echoes of Din's mind seemed to reverberate with a taut
apprehension that had his muscles coiling against the biting wind. If the fury in his veins
threatened to burn him alive, the cold dread of your fate tempered it to a low crackle of dying
embers.

 

His thoughts drifted to you, imagining your cold form open and exposed to the elements,
trapped with a dangerous hunter that no doubt would turn you over to the Empire without
hesitation, who might even hurt you in the process. The thought of what wretched existence
awaited you at the hands of the Imperials made that insistent prickle of anger itched up his
spine, had him grasping the reins in a white-knuckle grip and his jaw clicking as he grit his
jaw harshly. Even so, Din forced himself to breathe through his nose, push that boiling fury
down into a low, simmering anger.

 

Instead, he turned his attention to the unsolved puzzle that was your abduction. It was a
mystery Din had yet to unravel, the reason why the Empire had been hunting you all this
time. It made sense that they were after the child, with his strange abilities to make creatures
far larger than himself float, of his enigmatic species and the secrets hidden within him. Yet
you, a simple mechanic from a backwater world who had unknowingly stowed away on a
random ship, now boasted a bounty almost as high as the child's.



 

There had to be a reason. Din had considered it before, pondered it over in his thoughts while
you rested within mere feet of him on the Razorcrest, had curled into sleep within the warm
embrace of his hold. Yet every time he mulled the question in his mind he had managed to
come up desperately empty-handed.

 

You had told him your story after all, and it had seemed like an honest one. It may have been
you decided to hide some truths about your past to him at the beginning, just for your own
safety. Yet after all the time you two had spent together, there seemed to be little reason for
you to omit circumstances in your past that would be cause for your bounty.

 

You wouldn't hide anything from him, and yet...

 

The image of your terrified face, of your voice crying out sharply in the darkness, of your
hands pushing him away in your terror clung to the edges of his mind like soot. It smeared
dark and thick against his fingertips, tarnishing the confidence Din had with your trust in
him. You were hiding something, you had been ever since that moment on Christophsis with
the Imperial Intelligence officer. Whatever it was had caught you so off guard, had terrified
you so greatly that you dared not even speak of it lest you summon whatever demons traipsed
the recesses of your mind.

 

Din had no doubt that whatever it was, whatever wraith had decided to make your shadow its
home, was the same reason you had been taken.

 

Yet the puzzle of your abduction posed only another enigma to him. It didn't make sense. If
the hunter had been nearby, surely they would have taken you back to their own ship before
fleeing the planet. Yet instead, Din had been told of an absent hover-cart from the village, and
of a suspicious bundle in the form of a person being loaded before the driver had vanished
into the early morning light. Whoever your captor was, they had decided to take you by land
to wherever their destination was.

 

The Orbak under him faltered on a loose stone, and for a moment Din had to cling to the
beast to keep himself from tumbling out of his saddle and down the mountainside. Yet
quickly the animal managed to right itself, chuffing nervously at the steep, perilous descent.

 



Din hazarded a look down into the valley below, visored gaze tracing over the misty trail
ahead. You couldn't be far now, not unless your captor had found another way to get down
the mountainside. Yet it was too far for Din to see properly, for him to make out any sign of
life on the path ahead. All he could manage was the village that sat at the far western corner
of the valley, lights glowing in the fog and snow whipped from the mountainside. He couldn't
make out any ships there as far as he could see, so it was unlikely your captor was trying to
transport you off planet. There was only a single road that bisected the town, winding through
before beginning to crawl up the opposite side of the valley where-

 

Din paused.

 

Gently steering his mount to a halt, Din fumbled for the scopes attached to his belt, eyes
locked on the smallest turn of the winding road on the other side of the valley. It took him a
moment to zoom in on what he was seeing, straining to find the miniscule ramp in the
distance through the ever-worsening storm.

 

A tower. A tower perched on the side of the mountain, partially obscured by the waves of
snow falling from the peaks. Din blinked, lips parting in concentration as he traced over the
steel gray outline of the building in contrast to the dark brown structures of the village it
overlooked. As Din continued to scan it became plain the other side of the valley was not as
desolate as he once thought. He could see it, could make out the outline of a bridge connected
to the tower, the frames and segments digging deep into the bedrock of the ridge.  sections of
it had fallen apart, collapsed into the mountain and had been buried under layers of snow, but
the frame remained. In it, Din finally began to understand exactly what he was looking at.

 

An outpost. One that had been abandoned for years, left after its previous owners had fled in
the wake of a new era. In the fall of an Empire.

 

The cold bite of the howling wind felt like a mere whisper to the realization that descended
onto Din's thoughts. For a moment he felt as if he had fallen off the cliffside itself, careening
and spiraling into the abyss below as he tried to grapple his way free of the panic and dread
that rose sharply up his throat.

 

An Imperial outpost. You were being taken to an Imperial outpost, one that might not be
abandoned after all.

 



 

 

 

 

Chapter End Notes

Din is beginning to figure out the truth, isn't he? It won't be much longer until all is
revealed, and both our survivor and Mandalorian are forced to confront each other's
identities, and their own. :3c

Special shout-out to my Mando OC, Bree Cordis, who managed to bribe her way into
this chapter without me realizing until it was halfway drafted. Hopefully I'll be able to
post some art of her soon on my tumblr.

Not entirely satisfied with this chapter, but oddly enough it's sometimes the ones I hate
that people end up liking.

Hope everyone enjoys, and if you're still with me despite my long lack of updates then
please know I love you and am giving you a little smooch on the forehead. ❤️

Also: I made an official Stowaway playlist! Specially curated to the plot of the story
thus far, with the help of imabeautifulbutterfly on tumblr. (Thank you dear!)

Thank you for reading! I read everyone's comments and even though I don't get the
chance to respond to every single one I adore each and every person who takes the time
to leave me a little note about this small project that has gotten wildly out of hand. ❤️



Chapter 49: Part Forty Nine: The Gale
Chapter Summary

"Really, survivor?" She whispers, voice soft, almost distant. There's a sorrowfulness, a
scorn there you don't fully understand, as if she can somehow gaze into the things you
are too blind to see. "You're giving up?"

You blink.

Like snowflakes suspended in the layers of cloud above, it feels as if time begins to still,
that you yourself are cradled within it. A child of the stars themselves, you feel them
gaze down at you through the churning storm of your hopelessness, summon you back
to the time where you truly started this journey, all these years ago, when you'd yet to
understand the true path of your destiny.

 

"Stay alive."

Chapter Notes

This may be a jolt for those who are either re-reading or reading for the first time. I have
switched to using present tense in this chapter because I find it better conveys my
writing. Future chapters will be written the same way. Sorry for the sudden change,
hopefully it isn't too confusing. Enjoy!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The storm was setting in now.

 

The whistling wind had heralds its arrival, a sharp cry from the snow dusted peaks as it
descends into the valley. Ice crystals form within the milky fog of the horizon, an ominous
grey that creeps across the hills with the threat of a freeze so deep it chips away at the outline
of the mountains themselves.

 

It's a death sentence for you to stay out here for much longer, the sinister shift of ice within
the atmosphere hovering, suspended before the storm breaks free, sets them hurtling down



towards the surface fast enough to slice through skin and bone.

 

It's a fate not much different from the one you faced now, you suppose.

 

You watch as flakes sifted downwards from the changing sky, the dove grey clouds fading to
ash, then to darkness as the sun sank deep into the well of the mountains beyond. The distant
rumble of clouds, churning with energy and ice, seem to echo within the groaning tempo of
the wagon under you, the creak of your frozen bones.

 

The fur cover that had been sloppily tossed over you prior, in order to conceal your prone
form, does little to obscure the freezing fangs of cold that gnawed against your limbs.
Sharpened, gleaming from the wind, they bite against your flesh, leaving rivulets of electric
blue ache tracing below your skin.

 

Normally you'd raise your voice, try to echo your disapproval to your captor even if it would
yield no result. Now, however, the sharp pang of frostbite offered a welcome respite from the
desolate shadows of your thoughts, the ones filled with sinking, spiraling despair at your own
fate.

 

He wasn't coming.

 

Nobody was.

 

He didn't know you hadn't left of your own volition. For all you knew Din was certain you
had abandoned him and Grogu, vanished into the velvet pink dawn with barely murmur to
him as he lay sleeping in the bed where he'd begged you to stay.

 

"Ni kar'tayl gar darasuum." Din whispered, and you recognized the words from his
confession on Coruscant, of his tentative voice back then, so hesitant to tell you of his love.
Yet you had echoed your own confession back to him, had felt his lips brush against yours in
an oath- a promise to stay by your side.

"I will know you forever." The words meant, and it only served to render your heart in two,
splintering at the seams. The thought that Din would remember you long after this, after you



saved yourself the heartbreak of his rejection by leaving him-

It was more than you could bear.

"I love you." You whispered back, voice choked full of tears as you curled yourself against
him, trying to remember every ridge of muscle, every silvery scar, every sensation of him that
you would carry forever and ever. "I will always love you."

 

And despite you loving him, despite the immeasurable affection you harbored for this man in
your heart, you had left him, blinded by your own pain and grief, confused and desperate by
the truth he held behind his mask.

 

A Jedi Hunter.

 

Then you, perhaps the last of your kind, a survivor of a bygone era. Something that should
have died long ago and yet somehow managed to survive, to thrive beside him, like a flower
grown from concrete, stretching valiantly up towards the sky.

 

Only to wither when faced with the shadow of the truth.

 

Just like that, you were alone again.

 

You'd cry if you had the strength. Let your tears freeze against your cheeks, mark your
sorrows against the planes of your face. Yet you can’t find the energy, the care within you to
even cry out against the injustice of it all. Instead, the drain, the fatigue of the cracked,
spilling anguish inside of you seems to poison your blood, force your body and mind into
limp, broken surrender.

 

You're exhausted.

 

Tired to the point of pain, tired of running, of lying, of fighting and struggling in a galaxy that
seemed intent on destroying your very existence. Tired of being alone, and yet unable to find
a place to go home to. Now the only person, the only place you'd ever belonged was tainted,
fouled by the secret of your own existence. Before your very eyes it had vanished into the



white haze of the blizzard surrounding you, his caped figure obscured by snow until there
was nothing left at all.

 

You were such a fool.

 

He would have never hurt you, and now he'll never know why you'd left- disappearing like
mist into the dusky pink hues of dawn, leaving only his broken soul to wither in your wake.

 

Now you're here, in the hands of an enemy, bound in body and in destiny, unable to alter the
course of your own fate. Even if you wanted to struggle, you can't, not when the stars have
set this path before you, the only path left to you: Surrender.

 

What will happen to you, you don't know. There was a reason the Empire wanted you alive,
after all. Din had mentioned once that Grogu's bounty had been the same, that he'd been
instructed to deliver him alive. When he'd found the child again, it had been with a scientist,
surrounded by whirring machines and equipment. Would your fate be the same? Treated as
nothing less than a specimen, used and drained until you had nothing left to give?

 

It doesn’t matter. Not anymore. If that was your destiny, then so be it. There was no other
place for you now. Now that you were no longer by Din's side.

 

You just...wish you could have seen him. One last time. To weep, to apologize, to whisper
tender words to him just once more.

 

"Ni kar'tayl gar darasuum." You murmured, echoing the same words he had whispered
against your skin the night before, engraving them forever in your memory.

 

"I'm sorry Din." You think to the heavens above. "I love you."

 

Yet the sky is silent save for the distant, ominous groan of ice that threatens to pierce your
hollow heart. It offers no respite, no sanctuary or absolution from the disaster of your sins.



 

Your captor is silent too. She's offered little conversation aside from your earlier interaction.
You hear her shift and grumble to herself, but the words she offers to you are scant. Even so,
you can sense her displeasure despite not knowing its origin. Most likely it's the worsening
storm, the sharp drop in temperature, or even the length of time it's taken to transport you.
You can hardly blame her. If being handed over to the Empire means being retrieved from the
brutal cold, then perhaps it's a welcome development.

 

Even so, it feels as if she's withholding her voice for a reason, sinking into contemplation you
can't ponder. You can't bring yourself to care beyond a passing curiosity, sinking further into
your form for warmth, for relief from the mournful, apathetic well of your own thoughts.

 

Far beyond the clouded sky, you think you hear the stars sing with sorrow.

 

It's the crackle of a communicator then, that draws you back down like gravity. The sound is
distant but familiar- the garble of wordless voices on the other side, the noise muted by the
snow. It forces you to open your eyes, frozen lashes blinking bright against your gaze.
Instantly, you recognize the sound for what it is.

 

You're here.

 

To echo your conclusion, the wagon under you shudders, at last draws to a grinding halt.
Even as it stills you still can feel the ceaseless shifting of the bed under you, turning and
tumbling your form like roughened ocean waves.

 

"Identify yourself!" A voice calls out somewhere beyond you, muffled by a helmet filter.

 

Stormtroopers.

 

The realization sends an instinctive jolt of panic through your limbs, just once before it settles
again into your bones. Your bred reaction to fight, to flee swells within you, only to be
dampened once more by the realization that even if you wanted to fight you can't. Not with



your hands and legs bound, your body frozen with whatever drug inflicted on you by your
captor.

 

The wagon tilts as your captor raises herself off of it, descends. Her boots crunch the snow,
her own filtered voice raising to be heard above the growing gale.

 

"Bree Cordis!" She calls out, and you can't help but blink at the utter confidence in her voice,
ringing hard and true like the toll of a belltower. There's a pride there you try to discern, a
story that's yet to be unfurled to you. "I have a package to be delivered to Moff Gideon."

 

You freeze.

 

Moff...Gideon?

 

You blink once, twice, trying desperately to understand.

 

Gideon is...dead. You heard the news of it in the months following the fall of the Empire.
Dead through the hands of the New Republic. Executed for war crime. Information spread
quickly through Kaddack, saturated as it was with off-world visitors. That had been years
ago. So how...?

 

Blinking, your mind summoned to you the words spoken by the Imperial officer who had
cornered you and Grogu aboard the Razorcrest.

 

“I've finally done as the Moff has asked. When I return to him with both you and the asset, he
will no doubt rescind his fury and grant me the position I've always deserved."

 

The Moff, you realized.

 

Gideon.



 

"Step away from the hover-cart." One of the troopers called out, his partner muttering
indiscernibly into his comm.

 

"Not before I get my reward." Your captor, Bree, she said her name was, replies testily, the
wind howling over her.

 

"Do as instructed!" The trooper demands, voice rising with irritation.

 

"You do as instructed, plastoid brain." Bree hisses back, words sharp. For the briefest of
moments, you can't help but be a little impressed by her spitfire. "You want your bounty
alive, don't you?"

 

As if to make her point, you could hear the Mando shift, feet inching closer to the bed of the
cart where you lay, a not so subtle threat.

 

"Stop right there!"

 

"Then tell your boss I want my money." She returned bluntly as you tried to incline your head
to see her.

 

The drugs had begun to wear from your system now, you realize after a moment, and the
loose, hazy dullness of the world around you now began to warm back to color. Yet it
remained muted by cold and the grey, ashen colors of growing darkness and storm. When you
try to move, the chill leaves a freezing afterburn in your muscles, a sharp stab of phantom
pain left behind by the poison of the drug stabbed into your veins.

 

"Hurry up." Bree snaps when only silence answers her. "Unless you want to be caught
outside when this storm turns deadly."

 



You can move, you realize dimly. Even though it hurt, even though every inch you shift
summons a scorching burn that traced up to your temples, you can at last wiggle where you
lay.

 

Yet the strength, the determination to do so is bled dry from you now, drained by the weight
of fatigue, of burden from inevitability, of futility. What use in escaping was there when you
had nowhere left to go? Even if you did escape into these mountains, you'd surely die there
from the incoming gale.

 

Dying, alone, on a planet you didn't even know the name of. Without him, without anyone
except the ghosts of a dead order that haunted you even now.

 

The wind howls in the emptiness of your heart.

 

You sink down into it, ignoring the sharp exchange of words over your head and instead
curling into yourself, tucking further and further into your form until the only thing you could
feel was the icy, forlorn chill of regret that dripped your heart. It reaches out with skeletal
hands, cradling you in a hollow embrace where all you could feel was the cold, the bite of the
ice laden wind. Here there was nothing. No pain, no guilt, no fear, just the depths of
emptiness that had waited silently for you all this time, waiting for your ultimate surrender.

 

Curled like a child, you feel the waves of it crest over you, drowning you in numbing, viscid
darkness.

 

Din wasn't coming. You are too tired to fight anymore, not after the betrayal you had just
committed. No after abandoning him, breaking his heart.

 

Let this be it, then. You think silently to yourself, eyes closing, form shuddering. Whatever
comes next, it doesn't matter. There's nothing left.

 

Footsteps, now that the conversation had silenced. The impact of snow crunching under
boots.

 



"Wait."

 

Bree's voice. The sudden cut of it seemed to slice through your thoughts, carving a singular
sliver of light that bleeds through the drowning darkness.

 

"Let me dose her again, just to be safe."

 

The words should send a stab of fear through you. Now, you could only hunch further into
yourself, as if trying to vainly shield your body from the pending imminence of your fate.

 

"Quickly." The stormtrooper snaps, and you can feel the cart dip as Bree climbs aboard,
rummaging for a moment before you feel her hover over your curled form.

 

Yet she hesitates, paused, as if taking in your shivering figure and your scrunched brow, the
tears pricking and freezing at the corner of your eyes.

 

When she doesn’t move, you at last open your eyes, turning and looking through the gusting
snow to where her helmet gazing down onto your face.

 

The owl-like visor of her helmet peers down at you, decorated in rusty oranges and sandy
whites. It's beautifully crafted, you can't help but think, and the pallet reminds you all too
much of Kaddack, the place where this story began.

 

No, you suppose. It began far before even that.

 

Now, Bree pauses, as if hesitating to turn the page in your tale, her hand gripping an injector
but her muscles frozen, gaze keen like a panther watching you, trying to gauge your next
move. You don't know what she expects of you like this, with your heart shattered and spirit
broken, your fate cupped within her hands. Yet she looks at you as if your destiny spills
between her fingers like the sands of time, a mystery she can't help but be mesmerized by.

 



"Really, survivor?" She whispers, voice soft, almost distant. There's a sorrowfulness, a scorn
there you don't fully understand, as if she can somehow gaze into the things you are too blind
to see. "You're giving up?"

 

You blink.

 

Like snowflakes suspended in the layers of cloud above, it feels as if time begins to still, that
you yourself are cradled within it. A child of the stars themselves, you feel them gaze down
at you through the churning storm of your hopelessness, summon you back to the time where
you truly started this journey, all these years ago, when you'd yet to understand the true path
of your destiny.

 

"Stay alive."

 

Where was it you had heard those words before? Spoken so long ago that they carved an echo
into the recesses of your memories, hidden down so deep they whispered into your bones?

 

You can hear them even now, the desperate, final plea of them choked to you by a dying
woman, her clothes stained by blaster fire, her eyes wild as they gazed into a forbidden
future, one that reeked of death and darkness.

 

"Run." She croaks, along with your name, her lightsaber embedded into the chest of a man
you once called a friend. "Survive."

 

You'd turned then, fleeing from her, from the bodies of your classmates, your friends, your
family. You'd fled into an uncertain future, letting her final sacrament embed into the fibers of
you, silently swearing to honor it until you no longer drew breath.

 

Survive.

 

So, you had. Running, fleeing, fighting, never giving in, never giving up, seeking out the day
in which you could at last stop running, could fall into the embrace of somewhere called



home. Falling from the tower on Coruscant, sprinting through the stary sky as it rippled under
you, wishing with every heartbeat there'd come a day where you could at last find a place for
your fragile, broken heart to perch. With every passing day you flung yourself forward, not
knowing yet that a day would come where someone would hold you, speak to you with a
beloved, cherished reverence.

 

Cuyan.

 

"What does it mean?" You asked him, all that time ago, watching the blue light of hyperspace
dance across his visor like enigmatic prophecies. You hadn't known then, how intertwined
your fates had already become, how even now it was his destiny's thread entangled with
yours that drew you back from the brink of surrender.

 

Mando paused for long enough that were sure he wouldn't bother answering. He stared at the
stars out the cockpit window, gazing at the endless abyss of space. The infinite blackness
reflected in his helmet visor. His thoughts were elsewhere, and you had no idea how far they
ventured. He seemed to forget you for a moment, head tilted and gazing at something you
couldn't see.

 

"Survivor." He said at last, voice in a tone you had never heard him speak before. "It means
survivor."

 

The path before you, one you thought was shrouded in darkness, stretches endlessly, lit by
radiant starlight. Cast in the ephemeral light of the heavens, you see him in the path ahead,
surrounded by a glow that cuts through the darkness of doubt lain into your soul, reignites the
flame there called hope.

 

He's there, at the end. Waiting, his voice a salve to your broken, wounded heart.

 

Din turns to you, he says your name.

 

 

 



"Hurry up!" The stormtrooper calls, tearing you from your thoughts with a heavy, unrelenting
phantom grasp.

 

You blink, and all at once the world around you feels sharper, clearer than it was before. The
harsh wind bites against your form and you realize you can feel the strength that's returned to
you, reinvigorated with the power of determination. The intrinsic need and desire to struggle
with everything you have, throw yourself endlessly towards your future with every ounce of
your might.

 

Because he's there, waiting for you.

 

That familiar gravity, the one that you inherited from the stars at the moment of your birth,
descends into you once more, trickling down from the sky and bleeding into your veins. That
power called the force flows through you, rises in you as you coil, draw it forward with a
shout that seems to echo off the mountains themselves.

 

You extend a hand, and blink as Bree is sent flying from you all at once, caught off guard by
your sudden animation. She doesn't even yell out her shock, instead colliding into a heap of
fresh snow as you sit up, fight past the lingering heaviness of the drug to kneel atop the cart.

 

The moments it takes the stormtroopers to realize what has happened are scarce, and it's in
that time that you turn to see them, their black visors a poor mockery of the soldiers they
were originally trained after, the ones that tried to hunt you down on that day. When they see
your head pop up from the cart they startle, turning to you and raising their blasters.

 

"S-stop!" One of them calls out. "Stop right there!"

 

You don't comply, instead rolling off the cart to the opposite side, putting distance between
you and the stormtroopers. Hands still bound, you rack your brain for options, trying to
remind yourself to think quickly, to improvise, to never ever surrender.

 

You need to run, before they can call for reinforcements, get away and into the growing
storm, find shelter before the elements kill you.



 

You need to find Din. To hold him, to apologize, to confess everything you’ve ever kept
hidden from him.

 

A blaster bolt fires over your head as you duck, the red of it streaking bright against the
growing pale of the landscape around you. It's above the howling wind that you can hear the
crunch of snow, the garbled voices over a comm as the stormtroopers begin to right
themselves.

 

"Come out with your hands up!" One yells out to you, his voice nearer than it was before.

 

Closer. You think, crouched, coiled, waiting.

 

You don't know if you can pull this off a second time, with the way your unsteady grasp of
the force clings to you. Still, it's your only option forward, one that you'll bet your chances
on.

 

It's only once you see the barest glimpse of the stormtrooper's outline that you spring
forward, harness your tenuous grasp on the force and push.

 

He stumbles, and it gives you the opportunity you need to barrel forward, tackling him into
the snow with a resounding yell.

 

The stormtrooper is so stunned that he struggles only reflexively when you try to wrench his
blaster from him. With the strength fueled by adrenaline flowing through your veins, it
doesn't take much to disarm him, level the barrel of the blaster right between his eyes-

 

-and fire.

 

He jerks, then goes limp under you.

 



The shot echoes out into the mountains, against the muffle of snow that falls against your
eyelashes.

 

Normally you'd pause, hesitate at this, at the act of taking a life. Now, however, you're too
focused on moving forward, escaping, the motion of survival imbued in your spirit. The flash
of red burns brightly against your thoughts, a stark contrast to the growing pale of the
landscape around you. You barely notice, rising, moving, pivoting on your feet to aim the
blaster at the remaining stormtrooper.

 

Before you can, your ears attune to a sound you recognize- a jetpack igniting.

 

Eyes widening, you turn just in time to feel a weight collide with you, throwing both you and
Bree into the slush as you struggle under her grip.

 

"Not bad, survivor." She breathes heavy from behind her helmet, trying to wrest the blaster
from your still bound grip. "Can't say I'm surprised, though."

 

You don't offer a reply beyond that of a yell, feet scrambling in the snow as she bends over
you, tries to subdue you. Panic begins to rise swiftly in your chest as Bree attempts to restrain
you, hands gripping at your wrists with a durasteel clasp.

 

"Let me GO!!" You scream, face contorted into a furious snarl, bucking under her. You
surrender the blaster only to twist, jab your elbow up into her visor and send her reeling back,
grunting from the impact.

 

That gives you the opportunity you need, and with a roar you push, send her careening off of
you long enough to scramble to your feet.

 

Too late do you notice the pinch under your forearm, raising your arm to notice the injector
hanging from the skin there.

 

Kriff-



 

There's more voices now, you realize, as stormtroopers begin to spill from the secluded hatch
into the mountainside. You see the shapes of them moving within the descending curtain of
snow, yelling orders beyond where the hovercart stands.

 

A new wash of terror rises within you. Outnumbered. Outgunned. Surrounded, and now once
more drugged. Even so, you refuse to surrender. You've come this far. If you stopped now
you'd be forced to say goodbye to Din and Grogu forever, and that is a future you refuse to
succumb to.

 

The wind howls at your back as you skid backwards, away from Bree who now stands with
her cape fluttering in the wind, fists clenched and from taut, stormtroopers at her back.

 

"Run." A ghost of the past echoes to you, the single word a prophecy unfulfilled.

 

You do. You turn, knowing capture bites at your heels with every step, sprinting with your
feet sinking into the growing snow, tripping forward even as Bree calls out behind you.

 

Somehow, her voice sounds like a warning.

 

You realize it for what it is a moment too late, as you put one foot forward into nothing but
air, feel your balance tip off center. In the snow you didn't see it, the sharp slope downwards
off the cliff where the secluded base entrance stands. The chasm yawns large and deep before
you, obscured by a white haze so thick you can't discern just how far down it goes.

 

You stumble, casting a glance over your shoulder to where your pursuers close in around you.
You can see Bree, with her orange armor bright against the snowy backdrop, reach out for
you with a single fist, readying her whipcord to launch forward and secure you.

 

You've been in this moment before, you realize.

 



Atop a tower in a burning building, the smoke of the temple curling around you acrid and
burning in your lungs. You can't see down past the glass wall behind you, horrified gaze
turning forward to where a single Jedi remains standing against the horde of approaching
soldiers before them.

 

You fell then. You fell as the glass shattered behind you and your body tipped backwards into
nothingness, air fluttering past you on all sides, suspended within the grip of fate. In that
moment you had entrusted yourself to the force, closed your eyes with a surrendering prayer.

 

You place a foot back, feel your toes graze the edge of the cliff.

 

Once more. You think in a desperate plea, offering a breath up to the heavens as the gale
howls around you, as snow encapsulates your form and you close your eyes. Once more, let
me live.

 

You take a step backwards.

 

Just like that day you feel air surround you, cradle you in its embrace. Bree's whipcord sings
in the emptiness left by your absence.

 

You fall.

 

You fall, and as you do you let a single wish echo out into the force itself, just like you did all
that time ago at the moment where this story truly began, when you wished to forget, to
refuse the memory of anguish and heartbreak so that someday you could be happy.

 

Once more, you let that wish rise upwards as you descend, air rushing past you as you seem
to take flight, as you surrender yourself. The snow around you flutters through your clothes,
your hair, and you fall through it to another unknown future.

 

Yet somehow you know. You know that this time too, your wish will come true. You know
this even as the wind whistles sharper, as you collide downwards against something that



sends hurt blooming across your gaze until there's nothing left but darkness.

 

You know you'll see him again.

Chapter End Notes

Hi! It's been over 3 months! I'm still alive! Happy Season 3!

For those of you who are still with this story- god bless you, truly. I apologize for the
extended absence. I got involved in other fandoms, did some soul searching, and took
some time to recharge from this project. I've not given up on Din and Cuyan by any
means. This story was just waiting for me to patiently return, and I have. To everyone
who has offered comments, messages, support of any kind, know that I am beyond
grateful for every single word you write to me. I'm so lucky to have people who enjoy
this fic so much.

For more details on update feel free to follow me at SproutFics.tumblr.com

Update 4-28-2023

I have NOT abandoned this fic!! I understand everyone is anxious for an update.
However I am currently in graduate school, juggling health issues, and have found
myself interested in other fixations. That does not mean this fic is dead. I appreciate all
the love, but please be patient with me while I try and get to a place where I can have
more space to think about this project. Thank you!

Update 6-17-2023

If you are wondering why comments are closed, it is because of a rising trend in
negativity within my inbox on this fic. I have been trying hard to summon the
motivation to continue this story, and it seems whenever I pick at my current draft for
the next chapter, I end up receiving entitlement, rudeness, hostility, or some form of
negativity that saps away at my passion for this story. As such, this fic is on hiatus for
the planned foreseeable future, hidden from unregistered users, and comments closed. If
comments open again it will be for registered users only, and comments will be
moderated.

I want to continue this story, but right now the thought of doing so just makes me
stressed and sad. I'm sorry.



End Notes

If you enjoyed reading, please leave a kudos and a comment. Your feedback is very valuable
to me.

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!